JUST LIKE THE ONES WE USED TO KNOW

Brenda Novak

To my husband and five children,

because they make every Christmas special.

CHAPTER ONE

"MRS. FORRESTER?"

Seeing Kayla's teacher smile expectantly as she held the door, Angela swallowed hard, then straightened her spine and walked into the sixth-grade classroom. On the Friday afternoon before Christmas break, it was empty of students, yet it still smelled of pencil shavings and chalk, which evoked pleasant associations. Growing up, Angela had been a good student. But the girl she'd taken in a year earlier was struggling in school, in life.

Angela had become Kayla's caregiver so late, could she really make any difference?

That was the big question and had been from the beginning. Angela was afraid she couldn't. And she was afraid Kayla's teacher had called her in, once again, to let her know just how badly she was failing.

Trying to ignore the helplessness that engulfed her so often lately, Angela perched uncomfortably on the chair next to Mrs. Bennett's battle-scarred desk-she knew her place in this room well-and smoothed the skirt of the designer suit she'd worn to work that morning.

"I'm sorry to bother you again," the teacher began, peering at Angela over her bifocals.

Angela pulled her heavy trench coat more tightly around her and forced a smile. "It's fine. You know I want what's best for Kayla."

"I want the same thing."

"Of course." They just approached it differently. Mrs. Bennett could be stern and rather severe. She often indicated that she felt Angela was letting pity about what had happened in the past interfere with good old-fashioned discipline. But Angela had been a foster child herself-had spent several years living in the same house as Kayla's mother, in fact-so she understood Kayla's situation well. Besides, this was Angela's first attempt at parenting. She was twenty-nine, but she wasn't married. Maybe she wasn't the best person in the world to finish raising Stephanie's daughter, but before Stephanie's mother had died, she'd given Angela guardianship because she was a better choice than any of Kayla's other options.

"What seems to be the problem, Mrs. Bennett?" She decided to ask the question and get it over with. "Isn't Kayla turning in her assignments?"

Angela knew Kayla finished her homework because they did it together. But only last Wednesday Mrs. Bennett had informed Angela that it'd been two weeks since Kayla had handed in a single paper. Angela had been shocked and worried, of course, but what made the situation more mystifying was the fact that Kayla couldn't tell her why she wasn't turning in the work.

"She's improving there," Mrs. Bennett said. "I'd like to see her test scores come up, but that's another issue. I called you in today because I wanted you to see something she's written."

Written? The crisp Denver winter settled a little deeper into Angela's bones. Kayla was generally excluded from the tight cliques of other girls. She kept to herself and rarely associated with the kids in her class, which had been the subject of yet another parent/teacher conference. So...had Kayla finally decided to get even with the ever-popular but cruel Barbie Hanover, who'd stolen her notebook and shown Jordan Wheeler the poem she'd composed about him?

Angela half expected Mrs. Bennett to smooth out a note detailing Barbie's lack of good qualities or some other manifestation of the intense humiliation she'd caused Kayla. But Mrs. Bennett presented her with what looked like a regular English paper. And, even more surprisingly, written across the top in red ink was a big fat A.

It was probably Kayla's first A, which should've been reason to celebrate. Except Mrs. Bennett's sober expression indicated that Angela should still be concerned.

"What-"

"Read it," Mrs. Bennett said.

Angela glanced at the heading.

All I Want For Christmas

By Kayla ???????

"She wouldn't put her last name?" Angela asked in confusion.

Mrs. Bennett gestured that Angela should keep reading.

She returned her attention to the small, cramped writing.

I suppose you want to hear that Christmas is my favorite time of year. That's what everyone else says, right? There's candy and presents and parties. There's baby Jesus and Santa Claus. Even for girls like me.

So why am I finding this stupid paper so hard to write? I should just copy someone else, someone normal. I can hear the people all around me. I want this...I want that...I'm getting a new cell phone, a new TV, a new dress. Barbie sits next to me and wants an iPod. Not any old iPod. It has to hold about a billion songs and play videos, too. Nothing but the best for Barbie, and we all know she'll get it. Her friend Sierra is asking for a snowboard. That's not cheap, either, so I wouldn't ask for it even if I wanted it. But Sierra's parents are rich, which means she'll be pleasantly NOT surprised to find it under the tree on Christmas morning. They're lucky. Not because they get what they want, but because they want what they get. A boy I know wants a new basketball. He's-the next part had been heavily erased and written over-He's even luckier.

Was Kayla writing about Jordan at this point? Angela wondered. She thought so. He was the only person not named, which was significant, and there was emotion behind all those eraser marks.

Angela frowned and kept reading.

Tyler Jameson is asking for an Xbox. Tyler was Jordan's best friend, which seemed to offer more proof that she'd segued from the boy she liked to his best friend. He's always making a list of the games he wants-at $60 apiece. His Christmas isn't going to be cheap. Money. I wish it could buy what I want. I wish I could be satisfied with an iPod or new clothes, or even getting my ears pierced. But I don't care about any of that. I want something Santa can't pull out of a sack. I want a real last name. The kind that came before I did. Not, "We'll just call her..." I want to know what my name should've been. I want to know who I belong to. I want my father. Then I could ask him why he loved my mother enough to make me but didn't love me enough to stay.

If I knew him, I think even I could be happy with an iPod.

By the time she finished, Angela's throat had constricted and she doubted she could speak. She didn't know what to say, anyway. As tears filled her eyes, she felt Mrs. Bennett's hand close over hers.

"Heart-wrenching, isn't it?" she said softly.

Surprised at the empathy in the teacher's voice, Angela nodded. Evidently Mrs. Bennett wasn't quite as stern as she appeared. But Angela wasn't sure why she'd called her in to read this essay. Angela couldn't give Kayla what she wanted. Kayla's father didn't even know she was alive-and, because of what had happened thirteen years ago, Angela couldn't tell him. This letter only made her feel worse because now she knew that nothing she could buy Kayla for Christmas would make the girl any happier.

"She's a...a deep child," Angela managed to say.

"She understands what really matters."

Angela sensed that Mrs. Bennett had more to say, but the teacher wasn't quite as direct as usual. She seemed to choose her next words carefully. "You've already shared with me the situation that motivated you to take her in. Have you heard from her mother lately?"

"Not for a few months." Angela had had little contact with her friend since Stephanie had turned to prostitution in order to support her drug habit. Angela had tracked her down a number of times and tried to get her off the streets. She'd planned to put her in yet another drug rehab center. But during their last encounter, Stephanie had spent one night with them, stolen all the money out of Angela's purse and disappeared before she and Kayla could get up in the morning. Without so much as a goodbye or an "I love you" for Kayla.

The incident had upset Kayla so much that Angela had decided she didn't want to see Stephanie again. She had to let go of the mother in order to save the daughter. Which was why she was selling her house. She couldn't have Stephanie dropping in on them whenever she felt like it, disrupting Kayla's life. Kayla had refused to come out of her room for nearly three weeks after the last visit.

"You've never mentioned her father," Mrs. Bennett said. "Do you know anything about him?"

"I'm afraid not," Angela lied.

"Do you think a little research might help? Even if the circumstances surrounding Kayla's birth weren't good, the information might assuage the terrible hunger I sense in her through these words-and in some of her other behavior, as well."

Angela sensed that hunger, too. But telling Kayla about her father would start a chain reaction that could disrupt, possibly ruin, a lot of lives. Besides, Angela had promised Kayla's late grandmother-the woman who'd provided a foster home for Angela after her parents died-that she would never tell.

"There's no way to find him," she said. "I've tried."

"Recently? Because now that we have the Internet-"

"It was a one-night stand. Her mother didn't even know his name." Another lie, but Mrs. Bennett seemed to buy it.

"I see." She shook her head. "I'm sorry to hear that."

"It's unfortunate." The whole thing was unfortunate-and only one person was to blame.

"Okay, well, we'll continue to do what we can to make Kayla feel loved, won't we? Thanks for coming in. I hope you both have a wonderful Christmas."

"Same to you," Angela said and stood as if nothing had changed. But a thought she'd had several times in the past was stealing up on her. What if she were to take Kayla back to Virginia City for a visit? It'd been thirteen years. Surely, Matthew Jackson would never guess after so long. It would give Angela a chance to assess the situation, determine where Matt was now, what he was doing-and whether or not there was any chance he might be receptive to such a shocking secret.

"WHEN WILL WE GET THERE?" Kayla asked.

"Sometime tomorrow." Gripping the wheel with one hand, Angela turned down the Christmas music she'd put on as soon as they'd set off and glanced over at the girl who'd come to live with her fifteen months earlier. With long brown hair, wide brown eyes and a spattering of freckles, Kayla wasn't the prettiest girl in the world. She had the knobby-kneed clumsiness often seen with lanky children who were poised for more growth-she was going to be tall, like her father-but Angela had no doubt she'd grow into a beautiful woman. Kayla held herself with a certain grace and dignity that Angela found impressive, considering everything she'd been through.

The girl had spirit. Her mother hadn't broken it. The kids at school hadn't broken it. Even Kayla's wish for something she'd probably never get hadn't broken it.

Angela was going to make sure nothing ever did. "MapQuest said it'd be about fifteen hours. Is that okay?"

"It's great," she replied. "I didn't realize Denver was so far from where you grew up."

Kayla's excitement lessened Angela's anxiety about returning to Virginia City. Maybe their second Christmas together would be everything she'd hoped. It certainly couldn't be worse than the first, when Stephanie had shown up completely wasted and without a gift for Kayla. "I wish we could drive straight through, but we started too late this morning." Last night they'd stayed up late packing, so they hadn't gotten up as early as Angela would've liked.

Kayla took a rubber tie from her wrist and pulled her thick hair into a ponytail. "We can go as far as possible before we stop, right? I'll help keep you awake. I love long car rides."

Angela smiled. "So do I."

"Is that why we didn't go on a plane?"

"Partly. That and the fact that Virginia City's a very small town. If we'd flown, we would've landed in Reno and then had to rent a car. And since we'll be staying for two weeks, I'd prefer to have my own transportation." Angela liked the flexibility having her car would provide. She and Kayla could head home anytime they wanted, without notifying anyone.

If she found Matt happily married with a few kids, she'd probably do that sooner rather than later.

"What if we run into a storm? Will we have to stop?" Kayla asked.

"That depends. I brought chains, but if it's snowing too hard, we might want to get a room and wait it out."

Kayla adjusted the seat belt so she could turn toward Angela. "Are you excited to see all your old friends?"

"The few who still live there," Angela said.

"Almost everyone moved away?"

"A lot of us did. Unless you run a restaurant, a store or a hotel-or you're willing to commute twenty-five miles to Reno-it's not easy to make a living in Virginia City."

"So who do you think is still there?"

"Sheila Gilbert, a friend of mine and your mother's from high school, according to last year's Christmas card. Other than that, probably just a few teachers I had when I went to school and some of the older, more established folks."

"What about boys?"

Angela switched lanes to go around a semi. "What about them?"

"Won't you want to visit some of your old boyfriends?"

"I didn't have a lot of boyfriends." When her mother had died eight years after her father, Angela had only been ten years old. She'd gone to live with her aunt Rosemary, until Rosemary had fallen and broken her hip. Then Angela had moved to Virginia City to live with Betty, who was a distant relative of Rosemary's husband and also Kayla's grandmother. From then on, Angela had spent most of her time trying to keep Stephanie, Betty's real daughter, out of trouble. But she didn't add that. Neither did she admit that the one man they probably would see was the person who made her the most uneasy. She doubted Kayla's father had moved on, like so many others, because he came from some of the earliest Irish miners to settle in Virginia City and had a lot of family in the area. And, if he'd married Danielle as everyone had expected, he'd have even more reason to stay. Her parents owned one of the nicest hotels in the Comstock region.

Kayla studied her for a moment. "Whoever sees you is going to be impressed."

Angela chuckled. "Why's that?"

"You're still so pretty."

Still? Actually, Angela had bloomed late. She'd been tall, skinny and reserved, a foil for the boisterous and impulsive Stephanie. But at least her acne was gone, she knew how to apply a little makeup and she'd gained fifteen pounds in the places she'd needed it most, so she was no longer flat and shapeless. Overall, Angela was satisfied with her appearance-and grateful to feel comfortable in her own skin. Maybe her years in sales had done that for her. She'd been marketing large office buildings since graduating with a business degree from the University of Colorado at Denver and dealt with a wide variety of people. That experience had endowed her with confidence poor Stephanie had always lacked.

"You dress nice," Kayla was saying, continuing her list of Angela's assets. "And you have a really great car. I love this car."

"Fortunately, it's easier to make money in Denver than it is in Virginia City," Angela said.

"Is that why you moved away?"

No, they'd moved because they'd had to leave. In a hurry. "Your nana wanted a change of pace," she said.

"And you were still living with her?"

"I had my senior year to complete. But I would've gone even if I'd already graduated. It was time for college, so I had to go somewhere. And I wanted to help take care of you."

Kayla made a face. "Since my own mother can't do anything."

Angela didn't respond. She never complained about Stephanie, but she didn't overreact if Kayla made an occasional derogatory comment. The girl had a right to her anger. Stephanie had let them all down in the worst possible way. Sometimes Angela couldn't believe that the friend she'd loved like a sister had made the choices she'd made.

They drove in silence for several minutes. Angela was about to turn the music back up when Kayla spoke again.

"Do you think you'll ever get married?"

"Maybe."

"You don't date much." The words sounded almost accusatory.

"I'm too busy with work."

"Most people go out at night," she said. "You're usually home by six, remember?"

Angela shrugged. She didn't like leaving Kayla home alone. "I'll meet the right man eventually."

Kayla seemed thoughtful, almost brooding. "What if you find someone, and he doesn't like me?"

"I can't imagine anyone not liking you."

Kayla's attention shifted to the scenery flying past her window. "You've forgotten Barbie and her friends," she said bitterly.

"Shallow, mean girls don't count."

"What about Jordan? He was nicer than everyone else. Until they started teasing him about me." Her tone turned glum. "Now he won't even look at me."

"That could change as you get older."

"Still. I know you feel like you owe Nana for taking you in, but I don't want to be the reason you don't have a life of your own. You're not the one who got pregnant at sixteen."

Angela reached across the seat to squeeze Kayla's hand. "Kayla, I love you. You're a central part of my life, and no one will ever change that."

"But don't you wish I had a father who'd come and take me off your hands?"

"No, I don't," she said, and she realized as she spoke that it was true. As difficult as the past year had been, she didn't want to lose Kayla. Kayla was her only family.

CHAPTER TWO

MATTHEW JACKSON SAT with longtime friend and fellow firefighter Lewis McGinness at a table in the bar and restaurant on the first floor of the Old Virginny Hotel. With wooden oak floors, flocked wallpaper, a dark, ornately carved bar and a tin ceiling, the place had been restored to the glory it had known as a saloon in the booming silver era that had once made Virginia City the most important settlement between Denver and San Francisco. There was even a man dressed in nineteenth-century costume playing lively Christmas carols on a piano in the far corner, next to a Christmas tree adorned with paper chains and popcorn strands.

It was all for the benefit of the tourists, of course-a group of whom stood brushing the snow from their coats and marveling over the glass case by the register, which contained a few items originally owned by the famous 1860s soiled dove, Julia C. The display was designed to generate interest in the Bullette Red Light Museum down the street, where folks could see more intimate items, as well as some nineteenth-century medical instruments, all for a buck.

It was worth a buck, right?

Matt shook his head. Heaven knew something had to stimulate new interest in this town. Cut into the side of a mountain almost two miles above sea level, with its houses and businesses sitting on as much as a forty-percent grade, it wasn't a convenient place to live. Although, at its peak, the town had boasted nearly thirty thousand citizens, it was down to about fifteen hundred and had been struggling since the early 1900s, when the mines had played out. But Matt had never thought of it as desperately hanging on to what once was. It was home, pure and simple. And yet, as the snow piled higher and higher outside, he had to acknowledge that Virginia City had seen better days, even in his lifetime.

In any event, it was turning out to be a long, cold year. After his older brother, Ray, and his wife had pulled up stakes and moved to Reno last October, Matt was beginning to feel a little like a stubborn holdout-which was how he'd begun to view the town. He wasn't experiencing much of the Christmas spirit today, despite the snow, the lights that trimmed the buildings, already twinkling in the storm-darkened sky, the music.

"I should move to Arizona," he said, sipping some of the foam off the top of his beer. "If I lived in the desert, I'd never have to shovel another walk."

McGinness didn't look up. He was too busy settling his giant, bear-like hands around the half-pound burger he'd ordered for lunch. "Good idea."

Matt glanced at him sharply. "Did you just agree with me?"

"Then I'd get your job, right?" he said, a mischievous twinkle in his eyes.

Tipping back his chair, Matt scowled. "You could at least act as if you'd be sorry to see me go. I've been your chief for what, ten years?"

"I'd miss you," he said, but shrugged. "In between spending the extra money I'd be making off my raise, of course."

Matt righted his chair. "Remind me to fire you when we get back."

"Why are you putting it off that long?"

"It's your turn to pay for lunch, remember?"

McGinness swallowed his first bite and managed a grin. "Come on, you're not going anywhere, Chief. This place is in your blood." He took another bite and spoke with his mouth full. "And then there's Kim."

Matt started in on his French dip sandwich. "What does Kim have to do with anything?"

"She keeps your bed warm at night, doesn't she?"

Not anymore. The moment she'd begun talking about marriage, he'd backed off. He wasn't eager to make their relationship permanent, and getting any closer risked a messy breakup. He'd had a couple of messy breakups in his life, enough to know that even one was too many. "I like Kim. She's a nice woman. But there's something missing," he admitted.

"Like your ability to commit?" McGinness stuffed a couple of fries into his mouth.

"You're a regular comedian today, you know that, Lew?" Matt said.

"Just trying to be helpful."

Matt was about to tell him to shut up and eat when the door opened and a woman stepped into the saloon. She had shiny black hair cut in a style that hit a fraction of an inch below her chin-definitely too sophisticated for these parts-and a smooth, olive complexion. She also had a girl with her, who appeared to be twelve or thirteen years old. But it was the woman who caught his attention. She was gorgeous, but that wasn't it. He was pretty confident he recognized her.

He leaned over to get a better look. Sure enough. It'd been thirteen years since he'd seen her, but he was almost positive she was the girl who'd come to live with Stephanie Cunningham when they were in junior high. What was her name? Angela? That was it-Angela Forrester.

"What's the matter?" McGinness asked.

"Nothing." Matt quickly controlled his expression. He didn't want to say anything that might make Lewis gawk at her and draw the woman's attention. Their last exchange hadn't been good. She'd been there the night Stephanie had caused him to lose the only girl he'd ever really loved. He was fairly sure Angela was partly responsible. But he didn't know how she'd participated or why, and the last thing he wanted to do was relive the humiliation and embarrassment. Luckily, Stephanie had moved away only a few weeks after that incident and had never contacted him again.

"Let's go," he said, tossing twenty-five bucks on the table.

McGinness held on to the rest of his hamburger as though he'd rather part with his left hand. "What?"

Matt fixed his gaze on his plate before Angela could catch him watching her. "Never mind," he muttered, settling back in his seat. "Just hurry so we can get the hell out of here, okay?"

MEMORIES PELTED ANGELA like the snow blowing thickly outside. She'd missed Virginia City more than she'd realized. Closing her eyes, she took a deep breath, reveling in the familiar scents of food, coffee, pine trees and wet leather. Because of the cold, Denver could smell fresh and clean in winter-but no place smelled as authentically "Old Fashioned Christmas" as Virginia City. Maybe that was because it hadn't changed much since it had been rebuilt after the great fire of 1875. Standing in the largest federally designated historical district in America made Angela feel as if she'd just stepped out of a time machine. She'd gone back into her own history. To Christmas, the way it used to be.

"It's great here, isn't it?" she breathed to Kayla as they crossed to an empty table.

"I like it," Kayla replied, but she kept glancing over to another table, where two firemen were having lunch.

"What is it?" Angela asked above a lively piano rendition of "Deck the Halls."

"That man was staring at you when we walked in."

Angela opened her mouth to say that after so long, chances were slim they'd know each other. But then she caught a better glimpse of him and felt her jaw drop. Surely they couldn't have run into Matthew Jackson the moment they'd pulled into town....

"Do you know him?" Kayla asked, peering closely at her.

Angela had no idea what to say. They'd chosen a table less than fifteen feet from Kayla's father!

"Angie?" she prompted.

Angela found her voice. "Yes, I-I knew him as a...a guy in high school." Although she had to acknowledge that he'd improved quite a bit. With dark whiskers covering his prominent jaw, and smile lines bracketing his mouth and eyes, he'd matured into a man who appeared rather rough-hewn. And while his sandy-colored hair had darkened, the unusual ice-blue color of his eyes hadn't changed at all.

"He's handsome, isn't he?" Kayla whispered.

He was so handsome Angela almost couldn't stop staring. And it wasn't just his face. He'd put on maybe thirty pounds since graduation, but none of it had gone to his middle. He filled out that uniform to perfection, looking larger than she remembered him, and far more powerful.

Angela tried to gather her wits, but she was suddenly so nervous she was afraid to remain in the same restaurant. He doesn't know, she told herself.

But the doubts she'd wrestled with from the beginning crowded in. What if he guessed? Would he? Could he?

On the drive over, Angela had convinced herself that the answer to those questions was no. Matt had been with Stephanie only that one night, when they were sixteen, and he hadn't really chosen to be with her even then. He wouldn't expect a child from one brief encounter, especially a child he'd never heard about. Besides, Stephanie had trouble carrying Kayla and she'd delivered two months early. That alone would make it difficult to figure out the dates.

Which meant it didn't matter that Angela had suddenly shown up with a twelve-year-old girl in tow.

Reassured by her own reasoning, Angela immediately turned to the menu. But, inside, she couldn't help grimacing at the terrible trick Stephanie had played on Matt. Angela felt partially responsible, but once it had happened, there was no way to fix it-other than doing what Stephanie's mother had done. Angela didn't think she could've stopped Stephanie, anyway. She'd never seen a girl so single-mindedly determined to get what she wanted. And what she'd wanted was Matt.

Ironically, she'd also never seen a man, who-before and after that night-had so studiously avoided Stephanie. It was almost as if Matt had sensed the halter she had waiting to slip around his neck....

"Look, here they come," Kayla said.

The words suddenly registered, as well as the accompanying movement behind her and, turning, Angela realized that she also recognized the second man. He was a beefier version of the boy she'd seen with Matt so often in high school-Lewis McGinness, who'd been one of the best linebackers on the football team.

A smile curved his lips as he made his way toward them. Matt followed, seeming much more reluctant.

"Hello," Angela said warmly and stood. A lot depended on her acting ability. She wasn't about to raise suspicion by revealing how shaken she felt. She'd wanted to figure out what kind of man Matt had become before bringing Kayla into direct contact with him. But it was too late; she had to improvise.

"Hey!" Lewis swept her into a hug as if they'd been good friends in high school instead of mere acquaintances. "What brings you back to Virginia City?"

"I'm here for the holidays."

"Where are you staying?"

"We just got into town, so we don't have a room yet. But we'll probably end up at the Gold Hill Hotel." That was the hotel owned by Danielle's parents, but neither man brought up her name when Angela mentioned it, so she still didn't know if Matt had ended up marrying the girl he'd dated for so long.

"They've made some improvements, but the new Silver Queen is closer," Lewis said.

Angela kept her smile firmly in place, even though she was acutely aware of Matt and his steady gaze. "We'll have to stop by and take a look."

Lewis waved a hand toward Matt, who seemed perfectly satisfied to stand in the background. "You remember Matt, don't you? Or maybe you don't. He went out with Danielle all through school."

Did that mean he wasn't with her now? Angela knew they'd reconciled after the incident at the party, but if their relationship hadn't progressed beyond high school, Stephanie was probably a large part of the reason.

"Hi, Matt." She held out her hand because he made no move to hug her as his friend had.

He shook hands with a definite lack of enthusiasm. "Good to see you again."

I can tell you're thrilled about it, Angela thought sarcastically. But she could understand that. Because of Stephanie, she couldn't possibly evoke pleasant memories for him.

She put a hand on Kayla's shoulder. "This is my daughter, Kayla."

If Kayla was surprised at being introduced like that, she didn't let on. Nodding shyly, she slipped an arm around Angela's waist, acting more relieved than shocked. Angela knew her real mother was an embarrassment to her.

"She's beautiful," Lewis said. "Like her mother."

"Thanks."

"How long will you be staying?"

"A couple of weeks."

He shifted to make room for Matt, but Matt didn't come any closer. "Are you here to see anyone in particular?"

"No, I just wanted to show Kayla the town."

"Where do you live now?"

"In Denver. I'm in real estate." She glanced conspicuously at their uniforms and badges. "And you're both firefighters, I see."

"That's right. Matt here's the chief. Unless he moves to Arizona." He tossed his friend a meaningful grin. "Then I'm taking over."

"Now you'll never get rid of me," Matt grumbled.

Angela tried not to notice that Matt was even better-looking up close. He'd always been attractive; that, and his popularity, was why Stephanie had wanted him so badly. But the past thirteen years had added a few finishing touches.

"So...is your husband stuck at home, working over the holidays?" Lewis asked.

She shook her head. "I'm not married. You?"

"Tied the knot nine years ago, already got three kids."

"That's wonderful," she said. "And...what about you, Matt?"

"No." He didn't elaborate, but Lewis quickly filled in.

"He's asked quite a few women, but the poor guy can't get anyone to take him."

Lewis wore such a falsely pitying expression, that Kayla laughed out loud and Angela laughed with her.

"How's your friend?" Lewis asked. "What was her name... Stephanie?"

Kayla's arm tightened around her, and Matt's mouth turned grim. "She's fine."

"Where's she living now?"

Angela had no idea. Stephanie partied with one person or another, then drifted on. "In...Colorado."

"What does she do for a living?" Lewis asked.

"Um...she's in sales," Angela said and felt some of the tension leave Kayla as the girl smiled more easily.

Lewis stepped aside to let some people pass through to the exit. "What about Stephanie's mother? She used to babysit me when I was four. Only for a few months, but I still remember her. Does she live in Denver, too?"

The merry music and Christmas atmosphere lost some of its charm. Angela missed Betty, who'd been such a part of this place. This Christmas couldn't be like the ones she used to know. Not without Betty. "No. She had a heart attack and passed away a little over a year ago."

"I'm sorry to hear that."

Angela nodded politely. "It was tough to lose her. She was a nice woman."

There was a respectful pause, then Matt said, "We'd better get back to work."

"See what a slave driver he is?" Lewis teased.

Angela smiled. "It was great to see you again," she told him and meant it. But she wasn't sure she felt the same about Matt.

"Would you and your daughter like to join me and my family for dinner tomorrow night?" Lewis asked. "Matt will be there, too, right, Matt?"

Matt blinked, as if Lewis had caught him off guard and he didn't know how to escape.

"I wouldn't want to impose," Angela said.

"It's no trouble," Lewis insisted. "You might remember my wife. Peggy Sutherland?"

"Was she my age?"

"She's four years younger."

"I can't quite place her," Angela admitted.

"Maybe you'll recognize her when you see her. Anyway, I know she'd love to have you over. She likes to entertain."

By now Angela could see a muscle flexing in Matt's cheek, but if Lewis bothered to notice, he completely disregarded his friend's less than eager response. And, with the goal of getting to know Matt better, Angela chose to do the same. She'd come for a reason, after all. "If you're sure..."

"I'm positive," he said and Angela gave him her cell number so they could make the arrangements.

CHAPTER THREE

AS SOON AS THEY were inside the fire station, Matt pulled Lewis to a stop. "What the hell were you doing back there?"

"When?" His friend's eyes widened as if he really was as innocent as he pretended to be.

"At the restaurant!"

"I was doing you a favor, buddy. Didn't you see how beautiful she is?"

He'd been reluctant to acknowledge it. She and Stephanie must have slipped him something that night when they were juniors. He knew it. He'd never wanted Stephanie before. So how had he wound up in bed with her? And at a party, no less? "I'm not coming to dinner."

"Why not?" Lewis said. "I know you're thinking about...what happened. I was there that night, too, remember? At least I was there later on, when Danielle walked in and caught you. But that was thirteen years ago. It's time to forgive and forget. Danielle's married and has two kids. And you heard Angela. She's not attached."

"She said she's not married. That doesn't mean she's not attached."

"I got the impression she's not seeing anyone."

Matt stomped into his office. "She doesn't even live here!"

"You might not be living here either, right?" Lewis called to him. "Maybe you'll want to move to Denver instead of Arizona."

Matt cursed under his breath.

"What did you say?"

"Now I'm really tempted to fire you."

Lewis stood in the doorway. "You don't want to do that."

"Why not?"

"Because I have your best interests at heart."

Matt slumped into his chair. "Yeah? Even my mother isn't as meddlesome as you are."

"It's time for you to settle down. Being a father is awesome. You're missing out, my friend."

Matt said nothing. He wanted a family. He'd just never cared about anyone the way he'd cared about Danielle.

"Besides, wouldn't you like to know what happened that night?" Lewis went on. "You've always said you don't remember how you ended up in that room with Stephanie."

"I remember bits and pieces, but mostly it's a blur."

"Well, Angela might be able to explain it."

Matt shoved a hand through his hair. Even if she could provide the answers he'd long craved, what was done was done. They couldn't go back and change anything.

Lewis came into the room and leaned on the desk. "So, what do you say?"

Matt still felt a little resentful despite the passing years. But maybe he was overreacting. Angela seemed nice enough as an adult. And there was a slight chance she hadn't been a party to his downfall. Stephanie had certainly never needed her help to try and corner him before.

But every other time, he'd managed to get away. That was the difference!

"Something about Stephanie chilled me to the bone," he said, recalling her overeager smile, the way she brushed up against him at every opportunity, her attention-hungry eyes.

"Angela isn't Stephanie." Lewis bent lower to peer questioningly into his face. "You're not going to back out on me, are you?"

Matt sighed. What the hell. He could survive one dinner. And, as Lewis said, maybe she'd be able to tell him what had really happened so he could finally understand why he'd let Danielle down so badly.

ANGELA SHIFTED NERVOUSLY as she waited next to Kayla on the doorstep of Lewis's wooden A-frame. Set a couple of blocks off C Street, the main business district, it looked like so many of the other homes and businesses in Virginia City-as if it had been built in the late 1800s. It probably had been. But it was recently painted, a muted yellow with white trim, and obviously well-maintained.

She wondered where Matt lived. While they were growing up, his parents had owned a jewelry store called Comstock Silver and Turquoise. She'd watched for it when she and Kayla had driven through the slushy streets-the weather had warmed enough to melt some of the snow that had fallen the day before-but if his parents still had the store, they'd changed the name and the location. An old-fashioned soda shop now resided where the jewelry store had been.

The door opened and a child of about five, with bright red hair and a few freckles, gazed out at her.

"Hello," Angela said.

He continued to stare, but Lewis's voice rose from behind him. "Derek, those are our dinner guests. Invite them in, okay?"

The boy stepped back and opened the door wider just as Lewis crossed the room, obviously intent on making sure his son followed orders. "Hi," he said when he saw them. "I'm glad you could make it."

Dinner smelled like roast turkey. "Thanks for inviting us." She handed Lewis the bottle of wine she'd bought.

He checked the label, smiled as if it met with his approval and asked to take their coats.

Kayla removed her parka and Angela shrugged out of her trench coat. "Thank you. It looks like the weather's clearing up," she commented.

A short, slightly plump woman with hair the same color as the little boy-and lots more freckles-stepped out of the kitchen. "I think we'll have a white Christmas. They're expecting a big storm next week."

She sounded relieved, and Angela guessed that a white Christmas was very important to her. Judging by the many decorations adorning the yard outside and the two Christmas trees-one in the living room and one in the adjoining dining area-she took her holidays seriously.

"Angela, this is my wife, Peggy," Lewis said from the coat closet.

"Nice to meet you." Angela didn't recognize her, but she seemed friendly.

"And this-" he turned and grabbed the boy who'd answered the door, pushing him to the floor in a playful tussle "-is Derek."

The boy squealed and giggled as he struggled to get free, and Lewis finally released him. "He's the youngest of the kids. The older two are with their grandma tonight."

"I wanted to go, too," Derek sulked.

"Grandma takes gingerbread houses to a professional level," Peggy confided, her voice a half whisper. "According to her, he's not old enough."

Hearing this, Derek climbed to his feet and folded his arms. "I can do it!"

"Next year, honey," she promised and returned to the kitchen.

"Have a seat." Lewis motioned to an antique floral couch and matching chair. The living room resembled a Victorian parlor. "Matt isn't here yet, but he'll be along soon. Can I get you a drink?"

Angela accepted a glass of wine; Kayla asked for a soda. "Are Matt's parents still in town?" Angela asked.

"Yeah. But they've upgraded the store. It's now called Virginia City Treasures and Gifts and is located closer to Taylor Street."

Angela opened her mouth to ask about the rest of Matt's family. As much as she believed Betty had done the right thing in taking Stephanie away when she had, the decision affected many more people than just Matt. Would they be angry to learn they had a twelve-year-old granddaughter/niece? In a way, Angela felt they had a right to know. And yet-

A knock interrupted her thoughts. Tensing, she waited for Lewis to answer the door. But he didn't bother. He was setting the table, so he merely barked out, "Come in!"

Matt strode into the room as though he'd done it a thousand times. And he probably had. He and Lewis had been friends forever.

"Hi, Matt," Peggy called from the kitchen.

"Uncle Matt!" Derek charged him and threw his arms around his knees.

"Whoa, hold on, buddy. Let me set this pie down," Matt said.

The mention of pie brought Peggy hurrying into the living room. "Did you say pie? What kind?"

"What kind do you think?" he teased. "Your favorite."

"Pumpkin?"

"Of course."

She rose up on her toes to give him a hug. He put one arm around her and used the other hand to pat the head of the boy who was squeezing his leg. It was very apparent that he loved these people. But when his eyes met Angela's curious gaze, she could tell those warm feelings didn't extend to everyone.

Clearing her throat, she looked away.

"Can I help?" he asked Peggy.

"Yes." She waved him toward the couch. "You can sit down and entertain our guests while I finish up. Lewis will pour you a glass of wine in a minute."

Instinctively, Angela slid over to allow him more room, but it wasn't necessary. He sat at the far end and focused on Kayla.

"How old are you?" he asked.

"Twelve."

His eyebrows went up, and he glanced subtly at Angela. She knew he had to be doing the math, thinking she'd gotten pregnant awfully young. But he didn't say anything. He let Derek climb into his lap and addressed Kayla once again. "Do you like school?"

Angela sat there, rigid with tension, as father and daughter conversed. She'd been crazy to bring Kayla here, she decided. The truth suddenly seemed so obvious. She could see the similarities in their faces-the slightly square shape to Kayla's chin, the high cheekbones, the broad forehead.

But Matt didn't seem at all suspicious. He did seem reluctant to get to know her, and even more reluctant to like her, but he had no qualms about Kayla. Of course, she'd said Kayla was her daughter, they'd bumped into each other during a chance meeting, and Lewis had instigated this dinner. It wasn't as if they'd appeared on his doorstep or rung him up out of the blue.

"Not really," Kayla said, answering his question about whether she liked school.

"Why not?"

"It's-" her eyes shifted momentarily to Angela "-it can be tough to fit in."

"For someone as pretty as you?"

She blushed. "Sometimes," she hedged, and Angela guessed she didn't want to appear too pathetic.

"It's tough for everyone sometimes," he said, even though, as far as Angela could remember, it had never been very tough for him. He'd always been one of the most popular boys in school. "What do you want for Christmas?" he asked.

"I'd like to find my dad."

Angela nearly gasped at Kayla's answer. She'd never heard Kayla admit this to anyone else. Until she'd read that essay, she hadn't realized how deeply Kayla missed having a father.

But the words were already out, and there was no mistaking Matt's surprise. "He's not part of your life?"

She shook her head. "No, he-he left us a long time ago. He said he loved my mom, and he promised her they'd be together forever. But then he couldn't handle a crying baby in the house and changing diapers and all that." She wrinkled her nose, basking in Matt's attention. "So he walked out, and left my mom to raise me by herself."

Angela had stiffened at "he left us a long time ago." Kayla had never been told any such thing. This had to be some kind of fantasy, something she figured would be more acceptable than the reality.

Angela wanted to stop her before she could embellish any further but couldn't say anything in front of Matt. A correction might cause Kayla to make some remark that would give them away. She was the one who'd lied first, when she'd introduced Kayla as her daughter.

But, in a way, Kayla was her daughter now.

"He was older, then?" Matt asked.

"Yeah, uh...a lot older," Kayla said. "We have no idea where he is."

Matt seemed to look more kindly at Angela, probably because he felt sorry for her.

Only sheer will kept Angela from dropping her head into her hands. How had she expected this to go?

Certainly not the way it was going...

"I'm sorry to hear that," he said sincerely. "But he's the one who's missing out. You know that, don't you?"

"Time to eat!"

Peggy's announcement brought the conversation to an end, and Angela nearly cried in relief.

MATT COULDN'T BELIEVE that someone had taken advantage of Angela when she was so young. He knew she didn't really have a family; everyone knew that. A foster child wasn't common in Virginia City then or now, so her first appearance at school, when they were in the seventh grade, had caused quite a stir. If he remembered right, Betty Cunningham had given her a home because of some tenuous connection with Angela's family, and Betty hadn't wanted to see her become a ward of the state.

But Betty, a widow herself, had already had her hands full. A bit eccentric, she'd taken in any stray animal that had crossed her path, so she'd had something like three dogs, a couple of cats, some hamsters and a ferret. Matt knew because Stephanie had lured him over to the house once with the promise of showing him the animals. When she'd come on to him, he'd gotten out of there right away, but he'd stayed long enough to see that the situation was unique. Besides caring for all those animals, Betty had had to deal with Stephanie, who'd always been getting into trouble, and Betty herself had been sick a lot.

Suddenly, Matt felt guilty for being so hard on Angela. If Angela had helped to corner him the night he'd had sex with Stephanie, her involvement could only have been in a peripheral way, and it had no doubt been Stephanie's idea. Anyway, Lewis was right-they'd all been so young.

He caught her watching him from across the table and smiled. He hadn't been very friendly to her so far, but it wasn't too late. According to what she'd told him and Lewis, she was in town for two weeks.

He had half a mind to make sure they were the best two weeks she'd ever known.

CHAPTER FOUR

"ANGIE!"

Angela rolled over to find Kayla standing at the side of her bed. "What?" She squinted in the light streaming through the sheers at the hotel window. They'd chosen the Gold Hill Hotel because Angela remembered it so nostalgically from when she'd lived in Virginia City before. "What time is it?"

"It's only eight. But I just talked to Matt. He's off work on Mondays, and he says we want to get an early start."

"Do we have plans with Matt?" she asked, confused. The last thing she recalled was the charming way he'd walked them to their car after the dinner party was over. She'd been terrified he was going to ask her out. Kayla's story had really affected him, and she'd felt his eyes on her all night, had felt him shift closer to her while they'd been watching the movie after dinner. But at the car, he'd kept his hands in his pockets and had merely told them to get a good night's sleep, then had waved as they'd driven off.

She'd thought that would be the end of it, at least for a few days. They'd had an enjoyable night, established a friendship. And now she had a lot to think about. Matt wasn't married, and as far as she could tell, he wasn't involved in a serious relationship. He had a steady job, family in the area, a solid reputation-what appeared from every angle to be a very normal life.

Which made telling him about Kayla a real possibility.

But Angela wasn't sure he'd thank her for the news. His jaw tightened anytime Stephanie was even mentioned. What if he grew angry at the deception and rejected Kayla? Angela couldn't subject Kayla to any more hurt. And Angela was equally afraid of the opposite possibility-what if he decided to take his daughter away from her?

"He wants to know if we'd like to ride the train," Kayla said. "And afterward, he said we could help him pick out his Christmas tree."

Kayla sounded thrilled. She and Matt had gotten along famously last night. He'd taught her how to play chess while Angela had helped Peggy clean up and had even given her advice about boys. How could Angela say no?

She wouldn't. She'd go and make sure he was everything he seemed to be, and then she'd figure out whether or not to tell him.

THE TRAIN RIDE HAD been fun, but short. It was a narrated thirty-five-minute ride through the heart of the Comstock mining region, after which they went to pick out Matt's tree. Angela liked tramping through the snow; it was cold, and she was getting wet, but she felt so alive. She tried to convince herself that the flutter of excitement in her stomach was the result of returning home. But she knew it wasn't just Virginia City. Every time she looked at Matt, she felt a sudden warmth.

How long had it been since she'd kissed a man? she wondered as he tied the tree on top of his truck.

Since before Betty's death. Angela hadn't dated in more than a year.

She missed the male-female contact. She also missed the experience of feeling desirable and desiring someone else.

"Are you staring at his butt?" Kayla murmured, her voice scandalized.

Angela hadn't realized that Kayla was watching her. She considered pretending otherwise, but she could tell by the knowing gleam in Kayla's eyes that the girl wouldn't believe it. Regardless of any embarrassment, she decided it was better to acknowledge the truth. "I've never seen a pair of jeans fit quite so well," she said, using her mitten-covered hand to shield her mouth so Matt wouldn't hear her.

Kayla giggled. "You should go out with him."

"No, we leave in two weeks."

"Why not have some fun while we're here?"

"We are having fun-"

"Hey, what are you two talking about?" Finished, Matt faced them with one eyebrow cocked.

It probably wasn't too difficult to tell they'd been talking about him. But Angela refused to admit it. "What we want for Christmas?" she said as innocently as possible.

He wiped his sleeve across his forehead as if he'd worked up quite a sweat. She and Kayla hadn't been much help. They'd chosen the biggest blue spruce they could find and left him to it.

Angela figured firemen liked doing tough stuff. She'd definitely enjoyed seeing him wrestle that tree into submission.

"And what do you want?" he asked doubtfully.

Angela shook her head. It was the first time she'd thought about sex in ages, but now that the idea had crossed her mind, she couldn't seem to forget it.

"I'm waiting," he reminded her.

"Um...a purse?"

He scooped up a loosely packed snowball and hit her with it. "Come on, you just made that up."

She scooped up a snowball of her own. "Are you calling me a liar?"

He grinned as if unconcerned about the threat. "I guess I am."

She launched her snowball, but he dodged it easily and hit her with another one. "Are you going to tell me what you were saying to Kayla?"

"No."

"I'm pretty sure I can get you to change your mind," he warned.

"You couldn't torture it out of me," she said and laughed when Kayla managed to hit him while he was distracted.

"That's it," he said and then snowballs began to fly from all three of them. Angela could hear Kayla laughing as she held her own in the battle, and quickly created a small arsenal of snowballs behind a fallen tree. Then, when Kayla drew Matt's fire, Angela took careful aim and bam!

He'd taken off his parka while cutting the tree, so when her snowball smacked him in the back of the head, it showered snow down the neck of his thermal T-shirt.

It was more of a direct hit than she'd intended. As he turned toward her, the look on his face told her she was in trouble.

With a frightened squeal, she began running as fast as she could in the knee-deep snow, but it wasn't thirty seconds before he tackled her.

"Tell me you're sorry," he said.

"She thinks you're handsome! She said she likes your butt!" Kayla called and seized the opportunity to save herself by scampering into the truck. Angela heard the click of the locks only seconds after Matt brought her to the ground.

"Thanks a lot, Kayla," she muttered.

He grinned, obviously pleased that Kayla had just handed him total victory, but he didn't let that distract him from his punishment. "Say 'Chief Jackson, I'm terribly sorry to have caused you any discomfort.'"

"No way! You started it!"

"Fine. Then I'm going to finish it." He shoved snow down her jacket, laughing as she bucked and writhed beneath him. But she wasn't feeling nearly as cold as she should've been. And it wasn't long before she could tell that her movements were arousing him, too.

She stopped struggling, but he didn't get up. He smoothed the snow and disheveled hair from her face. "You're beautiful, you know that?" he said passionately.

The fact that she could feel the physical proof of his appreciation didn't seem to bother him. He kept his body snugly against hers, putting pressure on a very sensitive spot-so sensitive that she wished he'd push a little harder.

Her chest rose and fell while she tried to catch her breath. "You never even looked at me when we were younger."

But he hadn't looked at anybody, had he? Except Danielle.

He didn't mention his old girlfriend. "I didn't know what I was missing."

"What do you want for Christmas?" she asked. She was grasping for anything to change the subject, to lessen the tension.

His gaze lowered to her lips, and his voice grew slightly rough. "To catch you under the mistletoe."

MATT HELD HIS WINEGLASS loosely in his hands as he lay on the rug, staring at the lights on the tree they'd just decorated. Kayla had done most of the work, but now she was in the other room watching a Christmas program on television. Angela sat a few feet away, petting Sampson, Matt's German shepherd.

As her hand moved over the dog's fur, Matt was dying to scoot closer to her-if only to thread his fingers through hers. But after their encounter in the snow, she'd been acting spooked. Whenever he sat near, she backed away. And yet she'd been responsive when he tackled her. The flush in her cheeks had come from more than just physical exertion. He could tell by her eyes.

Maybe she needed more time before she'd consider a romantic relationship. She'd be going back to Denver soon, and long-distance relationships weren't easy, but he couldn't help wanting to get to know her better in spite of that. He felt a sort of...excitement he hadn't experienced in years. He hoped she'd stay, hoped they could explore the possibilities. If nothing else, they should make the most of the time she had left.

"What happened to your parents?" he asked.

She'd been sitting with her legs stretched out and crossed at the ankles, leaning back on her hands to admire the tree. But at his question, she changed position so she could reclaim her wine. "My father died when I was two. My mother died when I was ten."

"That's too bad," he said. "How'd it happen?"

"My parents were older when they had me. They'd been told that my father was infertile. And then, at forty-eight, my mother suddenly conceived."

"They must've been thrilled."

Sampson sat up and barked, but when she scratched him behind the ears, he laid his head in her lap. Matt had never seen the dog take to anyone so readily.

"I suppose, in some ways, they were," she said. "But the fact that it was a little late in life probably tempered their happiness, you know? And two years later, my dad died of cancer. Pneumonia took my mom eight years after that."

"Is it hard to talk about them?" he asked softly.

"No, it's...okay."

He didn't want to bring up any subject that might be painful for her, and yet he wanted to hear the details of her life. "Wasn't there anyone else in your family who could take care of you?"

"No. My parents' brothers and sisters were even older than they were and had finished raising their families. One lived in Belgium. Another was a widow. She tried to take me, but then she fell and broke her hip."

She'd indicated it didn't bother her to talk about her past, but she'd tensed up. He could see it in the way she held her body.

Despite his determination to give her more time, Matt moved toward her.

She watched him warily. But when she finally met his eyes, he saw that she wasn't unaffected by the chemistry between them. He couldn't tell what was holding her back, but he knew it wasn't a lack of interest.

Taking her hand, he began stroking her slim fingers. "So you went to live with Betty."

She stared at the places where he touched her, as if mesmerized by his movements. "She was my aunt's husband's second cousin," she said slowly. "When she heard Aunt Rosemary was going to have to put me up for adoption, she knew it wouldn't be easy to find a good home for a ten-year-old, that I'd probably be bounced around in the foster system until I turned eighteen."

"So she decided to take you in."

"Yes." She shivered as his fingers moved up the inside of her arm. Liking the reaction, he immediately imagined her in his bed, and wanted more. But she was still sending him inconsistent signals. Her body responded eagerly, yet she seemed reluctant.

"Do you like this?" he asked.

She nodded.

"What about this?" Lifting her hand, he caressed the sensitive tips of her fingers with his tongue. Then, one by one, he took each finger into his mouth, gently sucking on it.

She didn't answer. But he heard her quiet gasp. She was breathing faster, too. He was willing to bet her heart was pounding right along with his.

Leaning closer, he brushed his mouth lightly across hers.

Good. Better than good. He was just going back for another pass, hoping to claim one deep, wet kiss. Her daughter was in the other room. He didn't want to make Angela uncomfortable; he only wanted to show her what could happen if she gave in to what she was feeling.

But she pulled away before he could show her much of anything.

Matt frowned. "You're not interested?" he murmured in confusion. Surely he couldn't be that bad at reading her responses. He'd never misjudged a woman's receptivity before.

"It's getting late," she said. "We-we'd better go."

She tried to get up, but he held her fast. "Why are you running from me?"

"I'm not running from you."

"What are you afraid of? Why won't you give me the chance to really know you?"

"I'm not afraid of anything."

"I want to spend some time with you, Angela. I want to be with you," he said. "And I want to touch you."

"I-" She seemed at a loss. "Matt, listen. This...isn't right."

He scowled. "Are you married?"

"I already told you I'm not."

"Are you committed?"

She tucked her silky hair behind one ear. "No."

"What is it, then?"

"I don't even live here," she said.

"That's the reason?"

"Isn't it enough?"

"No. Not if you're feeling what I'm feeling. We have two weeks. Who knows where it could go beyond that? We wouldn't be the first people to try and manage a long-distance relationship."

"I'm not feeling anything," she said quickly. "I- I have too much going on in my life. I can't get involved right now."

She was lying about what she felt. The excuse of a busy life sounded flimsy, too.

He opened his mouth to argue. But then he stopped himself. He'd be stupid to press her. She was in full retreat. Pushing harder would make her run that much faster.

They sat still for several seconds, staring up at the tree. "Okay," he said at last.

"I'm sorry," she whispered.

"Will you do me one favor?"

Her gaze moved over him, as if she were committing every detail to memory. "If I can."

"Tell me what happened that night. With Stephanie."

"It's over, in the past-"

"I want to know," he said stubbornly.

She pulled her legs in close and propped her chin on her knees. "Stephanie was always so...impetuous," she said reluctantly.

"Impetuous?" he echoed. "She was the most sexually aggressive girl I've ever met!"

"She had a terrible crush on you."

"Calling it a crush makes it sound normal," he muttered. "It was more like an obsession."

"I know. I tried to get her to leave you alone. So did her mother. She wouldn't listen. She never listened-to anyone."

The bits and pieces he could recall began to filter through his mind. "I remember seeing her at the party when I arrived," he said. "You were there, too. She asked me to dance, followed me around. The typical stuff. I was annoyed, but not too worried, you know?"

"Yes."

"It was Danielle's mother's birthday," he explained. "She'd gone out to dinner with her parents and was supposed to meet me later. I can still hear the music, see the people. Someone offered me a beer, but I knew I'd be driving her home that night and said no."

"Is that all you remember?" she prompted when he stopped.

"No. I remember the way Stephanie was touching me, my eagerness to let her. What doesn't make sense is why I did what I did. Things got out of control, and I didn't seem to care. Then, in the middle of everything, I'm lying naked on the bed, and Danielle's staring down at me, screaming and crying. Stephanie's there, too, holding the sheets to her bare chest and smiling smugly, as if she'd wanted us to be caught."

"I'm sure she did. That would've suited her purpose."

How manipulative was that? He shook his head in disgust. "She told Danielle I'd just made love to her, when, regardless of what happened, there was no love involved, and she knew it." He winced at the memory of Danielle vomiting afterward.

"Anyway, I couldn't deny it," he went on, embarrassed all over again. "I really had...you know. But, for the life of me, I can't figure out why I didn't stop. I would never have hurt Danielle that way. I'd had plenty of opportunities to be with Stephanie, if that was what I wanted."

"Did you eat any brownies?"

"Is that where it was?" he asked.

Angela nodded.

"What was it, exactly?"

"Betty's sleeping pills."

"Sleeping pills?"

"They were strong. Because of her aches and pains, the doctor prescribed some sedatives. Stephanie simply stole a few from the medicine cabinet and mixed them in when she frosted a couple of the brownies she brought to the party."

"The ones she made for me."

"Yes."

He considered Angela for several long moments. He was relieved to finally have his suspicions confirmed, to know he really wasn't the callous jerk everyone had thought he was.

But that raised another question, one that seemed far more important now than it ever had before. "Did you know what she was planning before you went to the party? Did you help her?"

"No. I only knew that she had hopes of getting with you. She said you'd 'be hers' by morning. But she always talked like that. I didn't realize, until she admitted it the next day, that she'd drugged you."

He sighed. "I'm just glad she didn't get pregnant. Can you imagine? It would've ruined my life."

She said nothing.

"Angela?"

"That would have been terrible," she said quietly.

He chuckled without mirth. "I don't know many guys who've had to worry about being seduced against their will, especially at sixteen. Do you?"

"Stephanie was determined. When she wanted something, she stopped at nothing to have it."

He studied her carefully, wondering why she was keeping him at arm's length. "What about you?" he asked.

"What about me?"

"What do you do when you want something?"

She gazed up at the tree. "I try to think about how it'll affect others."

He knew her answer was significant. He just didn't know in what way.

CHAPTER FIVE

"SO...DO YOU LIKE HIM?" As soon as they reached their room, Kayla sat cross-legged on the end of Angela's bed and smiled eagerly, obviously expecting a girl-to-girl chat.

"He's nice," Angela replied, trying not to sound too enthusiastic.

"Just nice?"

Angela stepped into the bathroom to undress. "No, he's cute, too."

"Oh, my gosh!" she called back. "Cute? He's like...Jake Gyllenhaal. Are you blind? I sat in there watching stupid television shows so you could be alone, and now you're telling me he's cute?"

"When I said he had a nice butt, you told on me," Angela accused, trying to put Kayla on the defensive.

But when Angela emerged in her pajamas, she found Kayla stretched out on the bed, grinning unrepentantly. "Yeah, but he liked hearing it. He hasn't been able to keep his eyes off you since."

Angela's head hurt from all the conflicting emotions. When she'd first decided to return to Virginia City, she'd expected to find Matt happily married with a few kids. She couldn't show up on a man's doorstep, a man who had a wife and children, and tell him he had another daughter he'd never even heard about. Not when the child had been conceived the way Kayla had. He wasn't responsible for what had happened, so how could she justify disrupting his life and the lives of those he loved? Knowing she couldn't do that had made her feel safe. She'd come here to put to rest the unsettling "what if" scenarios that had plagued her, even before she'd read Kayla's essay. She'd wanted to validate the decisions that had been made in the past and gather more strength and determination to continue with things as they were.

Now she didn't know what to do. She'd never bargained on Matt's being single. Neither had she guessed that she'd be so attracted to him. Their interest in each other confused an already difficult issue. But with or without Kayla, she saw little chance that what they felt would ever turn into a committed, long-term relationship. They were both single at twenty-nine. That had to say something about them. Her life and her business were in Denver; his were here in Virginia City.

She wouldn't tell him, she decided. Not yet. She didn't know him well enough. Besides, as much as Kayla thought she wanted a father, Angela wasn't sure the sudden upheaval and total change of situation would be good for her.

And yet...she felt guilty for keeping the secret. How could she deny Kayla the chance to know the man who'd fathered her? Especially when Angela had discovered it was Kayla's deepest desire?

Smothering a sigh, Angela sat next to Kayla on the bed. What would be best for this girl? She'd promised Betty she'd never tell. But Betty had only been trying to right Stephanie's wrong, to make sure others wouldn't be hurt by it. When Betty had asked Angela for that promise, she'd been assuming Matt wouldn't want to know he had a daughter.

Now, Angela wasn't so sure. "What do you think of him?" she asked and tried to listen beyond the actual words.

"I think he's great," Kayla said. "Perfect."

"In what ways?" she prodded.

"He listens when we talk. He's patient and funny."

"We've only known him a couple of days," Angela said.

"That doesn't matter. He won't change."

Angela pulled Kayla into an embrace. She thought the same thing. But she had to be positive. And, as she stroked the girl's hair, she couldn't help wondering-was Matt ready for the shock of his life?

CHRISTMAS WAS IN FOUR DAYS and Matt hadn't bought a single present. He was reminded of that when his mother called him at work the following morning.

"You're coming to the gift exchange, right?" she said.

He rolled away from his desk and locked his hands behind his head, stretching his aching back. He'd been doing paperwork since he'd arrived at seven, and it was nearly noon. "Why aren't we having the party on Christmas Eve?" he asked.

"Because your uncle Jim's leaving for New York. He and Don have wanted to see the city for years, and that's their Christmas present to each other."

"I see. So..." Matt rummaged through the stacks of papers on his desk to unearth his calendar. "When is it again?"

"Tomorrow night. At seven."

"Okay. I'll be there." He jotted it down and started to hang up, but his mother was still talking.

"And do not have that friend of yours make Grandma any more eggnog," she said.

He lifted the phone back to his ear. "Why not? She likes it."

"It gives her gas."

"Then why does she ask me for it?"

"The taste. Haven't you ever liked something that wasn't good for you?"

He was beginning to wonder if Angela fit into that category.

"You know how stubborn she is," his mom added.

"What else should I get her?"

"What about one of those firemen calendars you and the other guys posed for?" It had been a local effort to raise money for burn victims.

"You're joking, right? What would an eighty-year-old woman want with pictures of me and a bunch of other half-naked firemen?"

"She likes Lewis."

"Lewis?"

"She says you're never too old to pretend."

He kneaded his forehead. "Mom, that's not creating an appealing mental picture."

"You're not the only one who likes sex in this family," she said. "Your father and I-"

"Mom! Stop!"

"Have always been crazy for each other," she finished. "Oh, and bring some calendars for your aunt. She wants to give a few of them away."

"I've got to go," he said.

"When are you planning to do your shopping?"

He scowled. "How do you know I haven't done it already?"

"Because you always wait till the last minute. You need a wife, Matthew."

"You've been saying that for years."

"And you've been ignoring me for just as long. You think I want to die without grandkids?"

He rolled his eyes. "You're barely fifty-five."

"And I feel every year of it. Your brother and his wife say they don't want children. Can you imagine that? You're my one hope, and you haven't had a steady girlfriend in years." She hung up, sounding thoroughly disgusted but, after a few seconds, Matt called her back.

"Can I bring a couple of people to the party?"

"Lewis and his family?"

"No. A woman and her daughter."

There was an intrigued silence. "You've never brought a woman to the gift exchange before. Do I know her?"

"She used to go to school with me. Now she lives in Denver."

"Really... Would she ever consider moving here?"

"I don't know."

"Has she seen the calendar?"

He waved as one of the guys called out to him from his open door. "What does that have to do with anything?"

"Bring an extra one just in case," she said and disconnected.

PULLING HER MINISKIRT down as far as it could go-to mollify Angela's nosy neighbors, two of whom were staring out their windows at her-Stephanie promised the cab driver that she'd pay him in a second and hurried up the walk. The house looked empty, and there was a For Sale sign in front, but Stephanie could see that the furniture was still in the living room. Angela might be planning to move, but she hadn't done it yet.

Her barely there sweater was more effective at attracting customers than keeping her warm, but she wrapped it around herself as well as she could and knocked on the door. Meanwhile, she could feel the neighbors' eyes boring holes in her back. A cab in this exclusive area drew too much attention. She should've had the driver drop her at the corner so she could walk, but he probably wouldn't have done it anyway. He didn't want to let her too far out of his sight; she hadn't paid him yet.

No one came to the door. "She's got my kid. But do you think she'd give me a number or tell me where the hell they're at?" she grumbled. She knew she'd made Angela mad the last time they'd seen each other. After that, her friend's numbers had all changed without warning. But Stephanie hadn't wanted the help Angela had offered. She could live her own life, thank you very much.

Glancing at the waiting taxi, she waved to reassure him and hurried around to the gate. She felt jittery, shaky, ill-and she knew it wasn't related to the bronchitis she'd had for over a week. She needed some junk before her symptoms got worse. But if she couldn't get inside the damn house, how was she going to get any money?

The back door was locked as tight as the front. Stephanie could see a single light shining in the living room, the typical "sorry, we're not home but don't want you to know it" light, and considered breaking a window. She didn't have any choice, did she? She had to get in, find a few bucks and get out. Before the neighbors could stop her.

Her mind was fixated on the quarters and dimes Angie threw in a big jar on a shelf in her closet. There had to be thirty, forty bucks in there.

Angie didn't need it. She never used it. Stephanie knew that was all it would take to carry her through the night. It'd be different if she'd been able to work. But what man wanted to pay for a woman with a raging fever and a hacking cough?

Finding a rock in the planter area next to the French doors, she bent to pick it up. But her hand was shaking so badly she could hardly lift it, and by the time she'd managed, the man from next door was standing less than ten feet away.

"Can I help you, miss?"

She dropped the rock and ducked her head so he couldn't see the black eye she'd sustained from a particularly rough customer four days earlier. "Angie, she-she's my friend. She said I could borrow forty bucks, to-to come on over and get it. But I-I got a cab waiting out front. And she's not here."

"She told you to come over."

It wasn't a question. He was looking down his nose at her, like all the other rich bastards in this neighborhood.

"That's what I said, isn't it?" She knew her voice had grown belligerent, but she couldn't seem to control it any more than she could control the shaking. She couldn't think straight. The terrible need inside her was eating her up....

"But that couldn't possibly be true," he replied. "As you can see, the house is closed up. She's gone for the holidays."

Gone for the holidays? Angie never went anywhere for the holidays.

"She-she said she'd give me forty bucks," Stephanie insisted.

"I think maybe you should seek a shelter and some professional help," he said.

Finally, she faced him squarely. "Listen, buddy, I-I'll give you a blow job right here for twenty bucks," she whispered. "I'll do anything else you want for forty."

He didn't take her up on her offer. He shook his head sadly, reached into his wallet and gave her the money.

ANGELA WAS PRETTY SURE that attending Matt's family's Christmas party was not a good idea. She would've said no-except that he'd asked Kayla first. And Kayla had, of course, immediately accepted. Kayla was playing cupid. She liked being around Matt. A lot.

"Matt told us you two went to school together," Ben, Matt's father, said after they'd been ushered in and offered a drink. He was doing his best to make her feel comfortable.

Angela glanced over at Matt, who stood by the punch bowl. He was talking to his brother and sister-in-law, who'd come from Reno, and a couple of uncles or cousins. Angela had been introduced to everyone, but Matt had such a big family, she was starting to lose track of who they were and how they all fit in. "That's right. I lived with Betty Cunningham."

Matt's dad was an older version of Matt, except there was gray mixed in with his dark blond hair, and he had brown eyes. Matt's mother was almost as tall as his father, and significantly overweight, but she was jovial and warm.

"Betty was a wonderful person," Ben said. "Loved jewelry. Came down to the store often."

Angela liked the rustic log home Matt's father had built. A mile or so from town, it was cut into Mount Davidson, like the other homes and businesses in the area, and smelled of the fire crackling in the hearth. Scrupulously clean and well-decorated in rustic browns and reds, it had a wall of windows in front. The Christmas tree stood before the windows, reaching all the way to the center beam of the polished wooden ceiling, its lights reflecting in the glass. Angela guessed that in the daytime, the Jacksons had a lovely view of the Como Mountains.

"I miss her," she admitted. Somehow, the hustle and bustle of the party and the easy camaraderie between all these people only added to Angela's sense of isolation.

"Your daughter is such a nice girl." Sherry, Matt's mother, joined them now that she'd finished whatever errand had sent her scurrying to the kitchen with Kayla as soon as she and Angela had arrived.

"Thank you."

"I've got her decorating cookies with my sister's kids," she confided. "She's a natural."

"I'm sure she'll like that." Angela caught Matt watching her. She smiled as if she were having a good time, but she wasn't. She didn't want to be here. This showed her what Kayla could have-without her.

"WHAT'S WRONG?" Matt asked.

Angela had left the party and stepped onto the extensive deck that wrapped around his parents' home. A chill wind was blowing-possibly the beginning of the storm Peggy McGinness had predicted-but there was a full moon and when he came up next to her, he could see the snow glistening far below. It was beautiful. But not half as beautiful as the woman staring forlornly down at it.

She glanced over at him. "Nothing, I just...needed some fresh air."

"Are you overwhelmed by the crowd?"

"No," she said, but when she met his knowing gaze, she instantly recanted. "Yes."

He chuckled with her. "You get used to the chaos."

"They're great. You're very lucky."

He knew he shouldn't touch her. He'd promised himself he'd take the relationship more slowly, so she wouldn't rebuff him again. But she looked so lost standing there, he couldn't help trying to comfort her, include her. Moving behind her, he gripped the wooden railing, penning her between his arms. He was hoping she'd lean back and let him hold her, but she didn't. "They really like Kayla," he said.

She had a strange expression on her face when she twisted to peer up at him.

"Angela?"

She studied him for a moment, then seemed to relax. "She likes them, too. She-she's never had anything like this."

He slipped his arms around her, pulling her into full contact with him. He wanted to shelter her from the cold, close the emotional distance she kept putting between them as easily as he could close the physical one. If she'd let him... "Neither have you."

She didn't answer.

Lifting her hair, he pressed his lips to her neck. "Why not open up? Give it a try?" he asked softly.

"Matt, I-" He stiffened, afraid she was going to pull away again. "I have something to tell you."

The tone of her voice didn't sound promising. "What's that?"

"It's about that night, with Stephanie."

He could tell by how rigid she'd gone that this wouldn't be good. Could she have warned him and hadn't? He no longer cared. That was thirteen years ago, and Stephanie had probably dragged her into it. He wasn't going to allow what had happened then ruin what could happen now. "I don't want to talk about that night," he said. "As far as I'm concerned it never took place."

"But Stephanie-"

"Doesn't exist."

"Is that what you want?" she asked fervently. "To forget? To live your life just as it is?"

"This is what I want," he responded and, keeping their backs to the house in case anyone glanced out, he slid his hand up her smooth, flat stomach.

CHAPTER SIX

ANGELA KNEW BETTER than to let their relationship get physical. Matt claimed he didn't care about what had happened thirteen years ago, but he didn't understand. There was a living, breathing person as a result of that night. Surely, he'd want to know.

Or maybe not. Maybe he liked his life exactly as it was. That was what he'd implied.

But now wasn't the time to dwell on her worries. His fingers were lightly caressing one breast through the thin fabric of her bra, sending shock waves of pleasure cascading through her.

"Matt," she murmured, still torn. Her conscience demanded she stop him, but her body begged her to close her eyes and forget. She'd tried to say his name in a commanding tone-but it came out choked and eager, and she could feel how deeply it affected him.

Pulling her along the railing to a set of stairs, he led her down to a small guest room. Set off from the rest of the house, it had a bed and its own bath.

"Let me see you," he whispered as he shut and locked the door behind them.

In the house above, they could hear Christmas music, laughter, the tramping of feet. But it seemed far removed from them. Angela imagined Kayla grinning from ear to ear, licking frosting off her fingers. For the moment, everyone was happy. There was no need to ruin the party by blurting out the truth or to deny themselves these few stolen minutes. What would that really change?

Slowly, Angela slipped her red sweater over her head, watching carefully for Matt's reaction as it dropped to the floor-and was gratified when his eyes darkened and his jaw sagged.

"God, you're more beautiful than I imagined." Bending his head, he cupped her br**sts, kissing the swell of one, then the other.

Angela let her head fall back. She wouldn't think, she told herself. Not about Denver or Virginia City. Not about the past or the future. She'd only feel-the feverish excitement building inside them; his deft hands unhooking her bra and sliding around to touch her; his warm, wet mouth closing over the tip of one breast; his muscular body pressing her into the mattress.

MATT COULDN'T BELIEVE he'd brought Angela into his old bedroom right in the middle of his parents' Christmas party. He'd meant to kiss her, to catch a tantalizing glimpse of her body, to touch her briefly. But the situation was quickly spiraling out of control. And he couldn't stop it for fear she'd never let him have another chance. His craving was too great. He had to feel her body's quivering responses, acquaint himself with all the little things that made her moan and writhe and cry out.

He hoped to make this as memorable as possible for her, but he didn't dare take it slow. There wasn't time. He didn't want to embarrass her by being gone so long someone would come looking for them. And the way she was tugging impatiently at his clothes told him she was as frantic as he was.

Once they were undressed, he pulled her down on the bed with him and pinned her arms over her head while he rolled on the condom he kept in his wallet.

She watched him with heavy-lidded eyes, her lips wet and slightly parted. But the gentle kiss he meant to give her quickly turned savage. Soon he was driving into her with powerful, rapid strokes. Minutes later, they were both damp with sweat and gasping for breath. And just when he thought he was too far gone to hold back any longer, it happened. She groaned, met his gaze as if he'd given her the most wonderful gift in the world, and shuddered.

He was only half a second behind her.

STEPHANIE LAY ON THE rumpled bed of the cheap hotel room staring bleary-eyed at the television. She could smell urine and perspiration, but it didn't bother her. She squinted, trying to decide if she was actually watching a program. It didn't matter. The flicker itself was fascinating, especially when her mind was floating so freely around the room. Spinning, moving, gliding...

"Hey, get up, bitch."

Slowly, she turned her head and blinked. A man's fuzzy shape appeared. Jaydog? "Hey, Jaydog," she said, the syllables running together.

She tried to make her gaping mouth form a smile, but he didn't seem happy with her greeting. A sharp pain suddenly dimmed her euphoria. Had he kicked her?

He was still kicking her. And screaming. He wanted her to do something. He wanted her to get out.

Climbing to her feet, she swayed unsteadily as she walked, heading for an opening that was blinding in its brightness. That had to be the door. She misjudged the distance and ran into a corner, causing an additional glancing blow to her shoulder. But then she was outside and the door slammed behind her.

She didn't know how long she stood there before she noticed that she wasn't wearing any clothes.

HE'D MADE A MISTAKE. Matt realized that almost right away. He'd expected his encounter with Angela to bring them closer, to put an end to her cautious reserve.

But after they rejoined the party, she left his side as quickly as she could. He found his gaze trailing after her wherever she went, hoping for a smile or some reassurance that what they'd done was okay-but he got nothing. She wouldn't even look at him. And if there was any accidental contact, she'd recoil.

What was going on? What they'd shared had been a great deal more than he'd expected. Especially so early in their relationship. But she was leaving in a week. It wasn't as if they had months or years stretching out before them. Even if they maintained a relationship, they wouldn't get to see each other very often. Besides, maybe he'd initiated the contact, but her surprising response had been the match that ignited the powder keg. The encounter had been completely spontaneous. Real. Raw.

He couldn't regret it.

Yet she was even less open to him now than she'd been before.

What had he done wrong? He supposed he shouldn't have taken things so far. But he hadn't planned for it to happen-not here, anyway.

He wasn't sure when he should've stopped. Angela had never indicated that she'd wanted him to. She'd acted as if she'd been starved for human touch, love.

He'd wanted to give her both.

He took a seat across the room from her and her daughter as his mother started handing out presents. Angela and Kayla sat with polite smiles fixed on their faces-outsiders looking in, enjoying everyone else's gifts and excitement without hoping for anything themselves.

He glanced over, but Angela avoided meeting his eyes. Again.

Maybe she'd been so hurt in the past that she was scared to let down her guard, he decided. She must've had a lonely childhood, after losing both parents and then living like a guest in someone else's house.

Then there was Stephanie. He couldn't even begin to imagine what dealing with her on a daily basis must've been like. Even as an adult Angela seemed to live a pretty solitary life-just her and Kayla. They were both engaging and polite, and he sensed that they wanted closer relationships than they had but didn't know how to reach out because they had no trust.

He remembered Kayla's story about her father. So he walked out, and left my mom to raise me by herself. We don't even know where he is.

The bastard had caused some deep scars.

"Are you going to open it?"

Matt blinked and focused on his sister-in-law, who'd just shoved a present into his lap.

"Sure," he said, and unwrapped a bottle of his favorite cologne.

"This is great. I was getting low." He gave her a hug, then waited for the process to continue around the circle until it was Angela's and Kayla's turn.

His uncle, who was sitting next to him, received a basket of salami and cheese. Matt's father acted excited over a new hand drill.

At first, Grandma had tried to boycott the gift exchange because his mother had put a ban on the special eggnog Matt usually provided. But then she relented, opened his brother's gift, which was a box of chocolate-covered cherries and, with a spiteful glare for his mother, stuffed three in her mouth at once.

"Wow. You go, Grandma," Ray said, sitting taller for Matt's benefit. "I guess I'm your new favorite grandson, huh?"

Matt shot his mother a look that said, "Next year I'm bringing the eggnog." But he didn't bother to wait for her response. It was Kayla's turn to open her gift, and he didn't want to miss it.

"This is for me?" she asked in surprise when his aunt dug the present out from those that remained.

His mother checked the tag. "Yep. From Matt."

Kayla smiled shyly at him and tore away the wrapping. When she reached the plush blue box inside, she sent him another questioning glance, then snapped open the lid.

Her smile spread across her whole face. "It's a gold locket," she breathed. "I love it!"

Her response filled some of the hollowness Matt had been feeling since he'd left the bedroom downstairs. Especially when she hurried across the room to hug him. Her little arms felt so thin and fragile, as fragile as he imagined her heart must be.

"I'm glad you like it," he said.

She immediately returned to her mother so Angela could help her put it on, but Sherry insisted they let someone else do that so Angela could open her gift.

Angela's eyes flew wide when Sherry set a box in her lap, a box that was much, much bigger than Kayla's. "I'm sorry. I-I didn't bring any gifts," she said self-consciously.

Matt shrugged. "I didn't tell you it was a gift exchange."

She cleared her throat. "You should have."

He hadn't wanted her to feel obligated to go out and buy a bunch of presents. He'd just wanted her to come. "It's fine." Hadn't anyone ever given her a gift she could accept without feeling the obligation to respond in kind?

Probably not. Typically, only parents and grandparents gave gifts like that.

Matt's mother huddled closer to Angela. "Let's see what it is."

"Yeah, open it," Kayla chimed in, her locket now securely fastened around her neck.

Angela unwrapped the box and pulled out the quilt Matt had found in one of the gift shops. Handmade by a local woman, it showed nine historically significant structures in Virginia City-the First Presbyterian Church on C Street, Mackay Mansion on D Street, Piper's Opera House at B and Union, the Fourth Ward School on C, St. Mary's in the Mountains, Storey County Courthouse, the Territorial Enterprise Museum, where Mark Twain had begun his career, and the Liberty Engine Company No. 1 State Fireman Museum. In the Fireman square, he'd had the maker stitch Love, Matt, along the edge.

"It's beautiful!" Angela exclaimed.

He could tell she really liked it. "I thought it might give you something to remember us by."

"Come on, Matt. Who could forget you?" his brother teased.

"She won't forget you," his mother announced and slapped a square flat present in her lap.

Matt immediately recognized the size and shape, and groaned. "I left those at home. On purpose. How did you get-"

"I have my own stash," she said triumphantly.

Sure enough, it was a copy of the calendar.

"He's May and November," his aunt informed Angela, and just about ripped it out of her hands so she could turn to the right months. "See? Isn't he gorgeous? He's my nephew, but I gotta tell ya, he's the hottest one in there."

He rubbed a hand over his face. "Come on, Aunt Margaret."

His sister-in-law laughed and pointed. "I never would've believed it possible, but I think you're embarrassing him."

Matt scowled. "Why would I be embarrassed? I only did it to help the burn victims."

"Honey, that thing's started more fires than you'll ever put out," his aunt teased.

The whole family had a good laugh at his expense. But Matt didn't mind too much. Not when Angela finally looked up from the calendar and he saw the heat in her eyes.

Maybe she was trying not to acknowledge what she felt. But whatever had caused the frenzy downstairs wasn't gone. Not by a long shot.

CHAPTER SEVEN

SHEILA GILBERT LOOKED much the same as she had in high school. Barely over five feet tall, with shoulder-length blond hair, blue eyes and a curvaceous figure, she'd gained a smoker's voice and somehow lost her ready smile-but those appeared to be the only changes.

"It's wonderful to see you again," Angela said as she and Kayla led the way to a table at the Silver Dollar Cafe, where Sheila had suggested they meet. A mom-and-pop place that had opened since Angela had left town, the restaurant was located across the street from Matt's parents' jewelry store. Angela had noticed that little detail the moment they'd driven up. Every few seconds, she found her attention drifting to the window-just in case she spotted a member of his family on the street outside. She'd liked the Jacksons. She'd liked them all-

"When did you get in?" Sheila asked.

Angela forced herself to focus. "Last Sunday."

"What brings you back?"

She shrugged as the waitress delivered their water, and Sheila ordered coffee. "I missed it, wanted to see the town," she said when the waitress had hurried away.

"You missed this place?" Sheila raised a skeptical eyebrow. "You're kidding, right?"

Kayla's nose appeared above the top of her menu. "You don't like it here, Sheila?"

"What's to like?" she asked.

"Everything," Kayla replied earnestly. "The mountains and the trees and the buildings. And Matt, and his parents and cousins. And his funny grandma."

Obviously, Kayla liked them, too.

"Matt?" Sheila turned to Angela expectantly.

"Matthew Jackson," she said. "We ran into him the first day we got here."

Sheila released a low whistle. "Now I understand. If you've seen Matt, you've seen the very best Virginia City has to offer."

Kayla proudly lifted her locket. "He gave me this at the Christmas party last night."

Sheila held it in her own hand for a moment. "Very nice." She grinned wryly. "See? That's my problem. He's never given me a locket."

"But you like him," Angela said.

"Who doesn't?" Her voice grew dreamy. "He's a tough catch, so be forewarned. But maybe you're better at big-game hunting than I am. Anyway, he's nice, sexy and brave. He keeps us all safe while looking like a dream in that uniform." She leaned forward. "And have you seen the calendar? I have May permanently taped to my ceiling. The mere sight of that picture makes me-"

Angela cleared her throat.

Sheila's eyes darted toward Kayla. "-makes me proud of our local firemen," she finished. But her smile said what she hadn't been able to say. And Angela completely understood. After Kayla had gone to sleep last night, Angela had sat up staring at the picture that featured Matt with a fire hose slung over one muscular shoulder. He was wearing nothing but a fireman's hat and a pair of pants slung so low on his narrow hips that they revealed the line of hair descending from his navel-the line of hair she'd seen for herself last night, along with what the picture didn't show.

The memory of his hands on her body, of his body joining perfectly with hers, played in her mind again.

She pinched the bridge of her nose, hoping to stem the tide of mortification, arousal and embarrassment rising to her face. When he'd brought her home, he'd asked her to call him after she got settled in the room, had murmured that he wanted to talk to her about what had happened between them. She'd mumbled something noncommittal, thanked him for the quilt and turned away before he could give her even a peck on the cheek. But she hadn't been able to make herself dial his number. She felt too guilty for taking advantage of his ignorance where Kayla was concerned, knew it would make him hate her when he found out.

When he found out...

Now it was only a matter of time, wasn't it? Because she'd already fallen in love with him and every member of his family. And if Kayla had the chance to be part of them, of what they had, Angela wouldn't let anything stand in the way-least of all herself.

Instinctively, she reached across the table to take Kayla's hand.

"What is it, Angie?" she asked, the question in her voice telling Angela she was squeezing a little too hard.

She had to do it, right? She had to tell for Kayla's sake.

The lump in Angela's throat made it difficult to speak. "Nothing. I just-I love you," she said.

Kayla smiled sweetly as Sheila looked on. "I love you, too. I'm so glad you brought me here."

A crushing pain made it difficult to breathe. Letting go, Angela tried to smile. "Me, too," she said, then hid behind her menu because Sheila was watching her strangely, and she knew she'd start crying if she didn't.

God, it's going to be tough to give you up, she thought.

STEPHANIE'S HEAD POUNDED as the voices of the other people droned on and on. She was in a shelter, she realized slowly, lying on a mattress, gazing at the cavernous ceiling. She didn't know how long she'd been there or who had brought her in. But she could tell they'd given her something to help her deal with the spasms that racked her body. She could also tell it wasn't enough.

Getting up, she started for the door. She wanted to go back. Jaydog would fix her up. He always did. For a few tricks, he'd get her exactly what she needed.

A woman wearing nurse's scrubs caught hold of her arm before she could reach freedom. "Miss, I don't think you want to go out there. The help you need is right here."

"You don't have what I need," she argued.

"It isn't easy, but you can do it."

"Let me go." She tried to jerk away, but the woman's grip only tightened.

"Listen to me," the woman said, her voice low, harsh. "Is this the kind of life you want? Look at yourself!" She handed her a mirror, and Stephanie almost didn't recognize the face that stared back at her. When had she gotten so gaunt and haggard? So old? And what had happened to her hair? Had someone set fire to it? Or had she set fire to it herself?

"I need some sleep," she insisted. "I-I'll get a haircut. I'm not as bad as you make me sound."

"Do you want to live?" the woman asked.

Stephanie blinked at her in surprise. "What?"

"If you want to make it another year, give me the number of someone I can call."

Stephanie took a second look at the stranger in the mirror. Who was that person? Where was she going? What had she done?

She had no answers. She had nothing.

"Who can I call?" the woman repeated, more forcefully.

Stephanie didn't have Angela's cell-phone number. Their relationship had become so rocky Angela had changed the number and wouldn't give it to her. But Stephanie did remember the name of the place where Angela worked.

"WHAT'S WRONG?" Lewis asked, poking his head inside Matt's office.

Matt yanked himself out of the lethargic stupor that seemed to swallow him whole every time he stopped moving, and shuffled some papers around. "Nothing, why?"

"You're not yourself today."

Angela hadn't called him last night. She hadn't even squeezed his hand or thrown him a quick smile when they'd parted. She'd made passionate love to him for about ten minutes, then...no real interaction at all. "Thanks," she'd said as he'd dropped them off. "For everything." And then she'd gone and he hadn't heard from her since.

He shouldn't have taken her into that bedroom. She probably thought he didn't respect her. Or that he was only interested in what he could get from her while she was in town. Or...

Hell, he didn't know. He'd never gotten so many mixed signals in his life. He was thoroughly confused.

"So how was the big gift exchange?"

Lewis was still standing in the doorway of his office.

Matt tried to rouse himself again. "Great. Fun. Grandma didn't get her special eggnog, for which she'll never forgive me. But other than that..." Other than that, it had definitely had its high points. Like the moment Angela had frantically stripped off his pants and greedily touched him everywhere, arching into him when he'd first covered her body with his.

She'd wanted to make love, too, hadn't she? Because if that was no, how would he ever know yes?

"I ran into Ray a few minutes ago," Lewis said.

"Oh, really? Where?" Matt could hear the flatness in his own voice, but Lewis didn't comment on his lack of enthusiasm.

"At your parents' store. I stopped by to pick up the necklace I bought for Peggy."

"Peg's going to have a nice Christmas."

"Yeah."

"That's good."

Lewis stepped into the room and leaned on the back of one of the chairs. "Anyway, Peg and I plan to invite Kayla to come to Reno with us tonight."

The mention of Kayla instantly raised Matt's level of interest. "What for?"

"We're going to Circus Circus, you know, for the kids. Then we'll be staying over to have a buffet breakfast and do a little shopping. Christmas Eve is the day after tomorrow, so it's pretty much our last chance. I thought I'd let you know in case you wanted to take the opportunity to be alone with Angela."

Matt felt a sudden flicker of hope. Last night, he'd handled her the way he would a house fire-urgently and without finesse. She must've been disappointed. So...what if he brought her some flowers, took her out for a romantic dinner, spent the evening just getting to know her? If she didn't touch him, he wouldn't touch her. Then maybe she'd forgive him, let him start over... This time, he'd take it slower.

But she hadn't called him even after he'd asked her to.

It was too late.

He shook his head. "Thanks, but I'm not going to bother her again. I don't think she wants to see me anymore."

"CAN WE GET IT FOR HIM? Please?" Kayla begged.

Angela didn't have to ask For who? After breakfast, when they'd set off to do some Christmas shopping, Kayla had wanted to find a gift for Matt. Angela did, too. She just hadn't expected to find anything quite like this.

"Please say yes," Kayla said.

Angela lifted the sculpture of a fireman carrying a child to safety and read the plaque at the bottom. Safe from Imminent Danger.

Tracing a finger lightly over the face of the child, she took in the details-the smile, the rounded cheeks, the pigtails. It was a girl, which struck Angela as very significant.

"Angie?"

Angela blinked and finally answered. "Yes?"

"It's perfect for him, don't you think?"

It was perfect. It was also expensive, but his gifts to them hadn't been cheap, and it said everything Angela wanted to say. Shelter her from harm. Keep her safe. Be a good daddy.

She could trust a fireman, right?

WHEN HE HEARD ANGELA at the station, asking to see him, Matt couldn't believe it. He'd just decided she didn't want anything to do with him. And now she was here?

Ruben, one of his men, directed her to Matt's office.

Matt rounded the desk as Kayla came hurrying through the door.

"We got you a present," she said breathlessly.

Angela followed, carrying a large square box wrapped in a paper decorated with little Christmas trees.

"You didn't have to get me anything," he said. But since it had brought them to the station, he was damn glad they had.

Kayla clasped her hands in front of her as if she could scarcely contain the excitement. "Open it!"

He would have, right away. Except Angela's gaze swept over him from head to toe, so hot and hungry it nearly stole his breath. He hadn't made any mistake last night-she wanted him as badly as he wanted her. So what was the problem?

He didn't know, but he'd certainly ask. Because he now understood that his other plan would never have worked. Considering the force of what they were feeling, what they wanted, there was no way they'd be able to let their relationship develop slowly.

"Hi," he said, his eyes locking with hers.

"Hi," she murmured and gave him such a sexy, mysterious smile he got lost in it for a while-until Kayla tugged on his arm.

"Don't you want to see what we got you?"

He doubted it could compare with what Angela had given him last night. Grinning, he took the package, set it on his desk and tore off the paper.

It was a bronze statue of a fireman saving a child.

"Do you like it?" Kayla asked.

He smiled as he stared at it. "I do. Very much. Thank you."

"Now every time you look at it you'll think of us," she said.

He didn't admit it, but he was afraid he couldn't forget them even if he wanted to.

ANGELA REACHED FOR the phone half a dozen times without picking it up. Tonight was the night to tell him. Kayla had gone to Reno with Lewis and his family, so Angela was alone. She could talk to Matt, explain the pregnancy that had resulted from what had happened thirteen years ago and see what he'd like to do about it before she broke the news to Kayla.

Maybe he'd settle for annual or biannual visits. Why not? He wasn't used to having a child. And it wasn't as if Angela needed him for financial support. She did fine on her own. She'd suggest they share Kayla.

But what if he didn't want to share? He didn't seem like the type to have a part-time daughter. He seemed like the kind of man who claimed what belonged to him and took care of his own.

She wiped her sweaty palms on the old jeans she'd pulled on, along with a sweatshirt. She was scared. But picturing that essay, those question marks that had replaced Kayla's last name, made Angela reach for the handset with enough resolve to get the job done. Kayla Jackson had a nice ring to it. Matt was a father to be proud of.

The phone rang just as Angela touched it. Taking a deep breath, she brought it to her ear. "Hello?"

"I want to see you. Will you come over?"

It was Matt. Of course. She'd known it would be.

Angela bit her lip. Could she really break her promise to Betty? What if he insisted on raising Kayla, and Stephanie managed to get her life together? Would he include her at all?

There were so many variables, so many risks....

"Angela?"

"I'll be there in fifteen minutes," she said and hung up.

CHAPTER EIGHT

STEPHANIE SAT ON HER COT and kept rocking, back and forth, back and forth. It was the only way to deal with the turmoil inside her. The methadone the nurse had given her was curbing her withdrawal symptoms, but nothing could ease her agitation over what she'd just learned.

When the nurse had called Angela's work number, she'd been told that Angela was out of town. Then the nurse had explained that it was an emergency, and some assistant had said Angela had gone to Virginia City for the holidays.

Stephanie rocked faster. Virginia City. Angie had gone home without her. And she'd taken Kayla. After thirteen years.

Why? That was the question. There was nothing left in Virginia City.

Except maybe Matt.

ANGELA COULD SCARCELY breathe as she waited on Matt's front step-and it didn't get any easier once he opened the door.

Dressed in a pair of faded jeans and a blue striped shirt with a white T-shirt underneath, he was fresh from the shower. His hair was still damp and curled around his collar. She thought he looked better than she'd ever seen him. Especially when his lips curved into a crooked smile as his eyes swept over her, telling her that he liked what he saw just as much. "Come in."

She couldn't get physical with him, she reminded herself. They both needed to have clear heads, to make a wise decision uninfluenced by peripheral desires. A decision about Kayla.

But then he tilted up her chin and kissed her softly, and all she wanted to do was melt in his arms and let him bury her fear beneath a torrent of sensation.

"I'm making you some dinner," he said, as she greeted Sampson. "I hope you're hungry."

Angela had been so preoccupied that she hadn't bothered to eat. "I am hungry," she admitted and ignored the voice that was yelling Tell him! in the corner of her mind. They had all night, didn't they? She had to wait for the right moment.

STEPHANIE STOOD at the pay phone, cursing the long wait as other addicts called a boyfriend, a girlfriend, family. They were limited to one call a day and Stephanie had already taken her turn, but she didn't care. She pushed in front of several people, brushing aside their complaints. She needed to use the phone again, and no one was stopping her.

Was Angela moving to Virginia City? Was that what was going on? Or was she taking Kayla to her father?

After she'd found out she was pregnant, her mother's reaction was the only reason Stephanie hadn't told Matt. She'd wanted to let him know about the baby, could hardly wait to break the news that he had to notice her now. That she had something no one else did, even his beloved Danielle. She'd never seen her mother as angry as she'd been the day she'd learned-thanks to Angela-exactly what Stephanie had done. Betty had promised right then that if Stephanie ever told Matt about Kayla-if she ever told anyone the name of Kayla's father-it would be the last straw. Betty would disown Stephanie, and she'd be out on her ass. For real. No family. No friends. No one to catch her when she fell.

Deep in her heart, Stephanie had known she needed her mother too much to sever that tie. And, in her more honest moments, she'd also known that even if Matt had accepted Kayla, he would never fully accept Stephanie. So she'd been forced to stick with her only form of support. She had to save herself one last chance, always. Betty was her ticket to a better life, when she'd finally had enough.

Once she'd grown older, however, she hadn't used that chance and she'd rarely thought of Matt. He hadn't been much of a partier in high school. She knew he wouldn't approve of her and didn't need his arrogant judgments.

But neither did she need Angela thinking she could take Betty's place now that Betty was dead. Angela had told Stephanie she had to clean up if she wanted to be part of her daughter's life. Yet Angela had no right to make such a stipulation. Stephanie had only signed those guardianship papers, giving Kayla to her mother, because she'd been desperate for a few bucks. Angela wasn't even related to Kayla. How could Betty have signed Kayla over to her? Angela was a parasite her mother had picked up long ago, and now the flea thought she owned the dog.

Memories of her friend pleading with her to take control of her life threatened to undermine Stephanie's resolve, as did an underlying knowledge that Kayla was probably better off without a mother like her, but Stephanie wouldn't allow it. As long as Angela had Kayla, Angela couldn't turn Stephanie away.

But Angela's return to Virginia City seemed to confirm Stephanie's worst fear. Was it over? Was Angela really giving up on her?

At last, Stephanie reached the front of the line. Behind her, she could hear two women complaining about how pushy she'd been. She knew they might report her. She'd leave the shelter if they did. This call meant that much to her.

She held the receiver, her hands shaking from withdrawal, but also from the emotions pounding through her. Her daughter was the one good thing that had ever happened to her. She couldn't let Angela turn Kayla over to Matt.

"Operator. How can I help you?"

Stephanie drew a bolstering breath. She had to talk to someone who might've seen Angela, someone who might know what was going on. But who?

It took four tries-and all the change she'd won in a poker game earlier-before the operator actually had the number Stephanie had requested. "I'll put you through," she said.

Then the phone rang twice and Sheila Gilbert picked up.

"I have a collect call from Stephanie Cunningham. Will you accept the charges?"

There was a slight pause, followed quickly by a surprised, "Sure, no problem."

MATT SAT AT ONE END of the couch facing Angela, who sat on the other. Sampson lay contently between them, stretched out at their feet. They'd had dinner and talked about his family, his job, her job, what it was like in Denver, how Virginia City had changed. He'd enjoyed the conversation, felt they'd connected in a way he hadn't connected with a woman in years. She hadn't touched him, but he still hoped the evening would end as he wanted it to. Imagining her as he'd seen her at his parents', her head thrown back in wild abandon as he kissed her neck, bare shoulders and br**sts, made his heart race.

He ached to touch her again. Would he get the same powerful reaction?

He certainly didn't want to spook her again. That night at his parents', everything had happened way too fast. This time, he was determined to slow things down. Maybe he could even convince her to stay the night.

He liked the thought of that. But he felt it was important to talk about their other encounter. He had a feeling this relationship could be different from the casual flings he'd had with various women since Danielle, and that made him nervous. For the first time in ages, he wanted something he could lose. Especially because Angela didn't seem receptive to anything serious. And she lived two states away.

Obviously, there'd have to be some kind of compromise if they were going to build anything long-term out of their tremendous attraction.

"About the other night..." he began.

She lifted her eyes above the rim of her glass. She'd refused wine and was having cranberry juice. "What about it?" she asked as she set the glass aside, suddenly cautious.

"I'm confused," he admitted. "I can tell you're not interested in letting me touch you again, and yet...I thought you enjoyed it."

She cleared her throat. "I did."

Frowning, he studied her. "Then why-"

"It's not a matter of want," she said, still guarded.

"So...you're upset because it was too fast? More than you bargained for? What?"

"No." She tucked her hair behind one ear, giving him the impression she was stalling, thinking. "I-having you there, touching me, kissing me...it got the better of me, that's all. I knew I shouldn't let myself be swept away. But it'd been so long since I'd made love...and it'll probably be a long time before I do it again."

Matt felt as if she'd kicked him in the stomach. "You're saying it wasn't necessarily me you wanted. I just happened to come along and I could provide what had been missing from your life?"

"Matt, I'm dealing with a lot right now. I can't worry about my own needs and desires. Like I said, that got the best of me, but now I've got to-"

"The other night you said my name as if I was the only man in the world," he interrupted. "You arched into me as if you'd abandon your soul to me, too, if you could."

Her jaw dropped as she gaped at him. "What do you want me to say?" she replied. "That I wish circumstances were different? That I wish we had a chance? Because I do. I want to make love with you right now. It's all I can do to keep from reliving those minutes, to keep from wanting you again! But-"

Matt's body had reacted instantly to her passionate words. He wanted the same thing. Here on the couch, on the table, anywhere. He couldn't remember ever feeling so desperate for another woman. "But?" he echoed.

"There's something I have to tell you."

The gravity in her voice made him uneasy. But she'd already insisted she wasn't married. Twice. So, as far as he could see, what she had to say couldn't be too bad. Nothing big enough to come between them, anyway. "What's that?" he asked.

She hugged herself as if she were almost too frightened to proceed. He was tempted to reach out and pull her to him, to comfort her, but he waited.

"Kayla isn't really my daughter," she said. "I-I was lying about that. She came to live with me fifteen months ago."

He blinked. That was surprising but certainly not devastating.

"She feels like my daughter. I love her like a daughter."

He would've felt relieved, except the tears filling Angela's eyes kept him a little off balance. "Of course you do," he said gently. "I understand."

"No, you don't." She wrung her hands as the tears spilled down her cheeks. "You see...there was no man who walked out on us. She-she's Stephanie's daughter."

He tried that on for size. This was supposed to be the big shocker? That Angela was raising Stephanie's daughter? He hoped so, because it didn't take longer than a split second to realize he could love Kayla regardless of what he felt for Stephanie. It actually made sense. Stephanie was much more likely to get herself in trouble than Angela, who'd been cautious even back in high school.

"It's okay," he said. "I'm cool with that."

She dashed a hand across her face. "I'm not finished."

Sliding closer, he took her hand. "Whatever you have to say, it's going to be fine."

She closed her eyes. "Kayla's grandmother was raising her. I-I took her to live with me when her grandmother died."

"Why didn't Stephanie step up?" he asked. "You said she was in Denver, in sales or something."

She opened her eyes and her hand gripped his like a lifeline. "Stephanie's a heroin addict, Matt. The only thing she sells is her body. She-she's not the person I once knew. I've finally come to the conclusion that it's not safe for Kayla to be around her."

"Wow." He reached out to smooth the hair from her forehead. "I'm sorry to hear that. Sorry for you and for Kayla. But it doesn't change what's between us."

Her forehead creased in a troubled expression. "Remember that party?" she asked.

"What party?"

"In high school."

That party. With Stephanie naked. Where he'd had one of his first sexual encounters. Sexual encounters...

Fear struck and Matt dropped her hand. "Yes?"

Angela looked bereft, as if she'd reach out to him, but didn't. "Matt, I brought Kayla here because she belongs to you."

Matt rocked back and pressed both hands to his chest, hardly able to breathe. How had Kayla gone from being Angela's daughter to being his daughter in just a few seconds? His and Stephanie's, who was now a prostitute and a drug addict!

"It...it can't be true," he said softly because his voice wouldn't go any louder.

"It is true," she insisted. "Stephanie wanted to get pregnant. She thought she'd finally be able to have you if she did. But when Betty found out what she was up to, she yanked us both out of school and we moved. Betty didn't want it to ruin your life. She knew how unfair it was to you, your family, your girlfriend, everyone."

He shook his head, still unable to believe what he was hearing. He'd slept with Stephanie once! And she'd drugged him to get that far. Now Angela was telling him he had a twelve-year-old daughter?

What do you want for Christmas?... I'd like to find my dad....

God! A blinding rage suddenly took hold of him and he shot to his feet. "You knew and yet...you came here, all the while knowing...You let me-" He stopped. Too many thoughts and feelings were assaulting him. He wasn't sure what he was trying to say. He felt so...manipulated. Then and now.

"I'm sorry," she whispered.

He stalked to the window so he wouldn't have to look at her and stared out. It was snowing again, coming down so thick he couldn't see more than a foot in front of him. What was he supposed to think? What was he supposed to do?

"What do you want from me?" he asked after a long silence.

She didn't answer right away. When he finally turned, she was standing and had her purse clutched tightly in her hands. "Nothing," she said. "I-I just thought you should know."

"Does she know?" he asked.

Angela shook her head. "I decided it'd be smarter to tell you first. This way...nothing has to change. I have everything I need to take care of her. But I...I didn't want to steal anything from you. Or take anything from her if...if you felt differently. That's all."

That was all. She'd given him the most shocking news of his life and now she was leaving with a simple "Oops-never mind."

He tried to focus on the act of breathing. He kept seeing Stephanie that night, her triumphant smile as Danielle had wept-and he felt sick.

He'd gotten her pregnant. He'd fathered a child at sixteen. And now that child was twelve years old and didn't know who her own daddy was.

CHAPTER NINE

NOTHING HAS TO CHANGE. Those words seemed to echo in Matt's head long after Angela left. They were so ridiculous. If what Angela had told him was true, if Kayla really belonged to him, everything had changed. Regardless of the way Kayla had been conceived, he couldn't simply go on as if he didn't know he had a daughter.

He'd get tests, of course-for his own peace of mind. Stephanie was the one behind this, and he didn't trust her one bit. But he was fairly sure DNA would confirm what he'd just been told. Kayla was his. Stephanie had been so obsessed with him, he doubted she'd so much as looked at another boy that entire year. And when he pictured Kayla, he could see the family resemblance. It was a wonder he hadn't noticed it before. Or maybe not. Why would he? He'd never even entertained the thought. Not after one incident he could hardly remember. And not after such a long silence.

I want to find my daddy....

Still at the window, Matt shoved a hand through his hair. I'm your daddy. The reality of that was overwhelming. And yet he felt a strong sense of responsibility. He had to tell Kayla. He couldn't let a child of his go through life feeling lost and unloved.

But how did he explain what had happened? And where did they go from here?

He needed to call Angela, get her to come back so they could talk. Now that the initial shock was beginning to wear off, he could see that she was in a difficult situation, as well. She wasn't to blame for Stephanie's actions thirteen years ago. And yet she was standing in for the absent parents, taking care of a child who wasn't even hers.

His child.

He wasn't convinced he'd ever get used to the idea.

Reaching for the cordless phone, he dialed the hotel. No answer. He tried her cell.

"This is Angela Forrester. I'm out of town until after the holidays, but if you'll leave your name and number, I'll return your call as soon as I can. If this is an emergency, please contact my assistant, Lisa Burton, at Pierpont Realty."

The beep sounded in Matt's ear. "This is an emergency, but your assistant can't help me. I need you. I'm sorry if I didn't react the way you'd hoped I would. I admit that I'm still...reeling. But I need to talk to you, to discuss this. Can I come over? Or if you find that too threatening, you can come here."

Frustrated, he punched the off button and was about to toss the phone across the counter when it rang.

"Thank God," he muttered and answered immediately, although caller ID said Unknown. He assumed Angela had her cell number blocked. But it wasn't Angela.

"I have a collect call from Stephanie Cunningham."

Matt stiffened. Stephanie was calling him? After thirteen years of silence? That scared the hell out of him. He hadn't even decided what he was going to do about Kayla and already Stephanie was back in his life!

"Will you accept the charges?" the operator asked.

He cursed silently to himself but agreed. Then Stephanie's voice came across the line.

"Matt, don't listen to her," she said in a rush. "It's a lie."

He expected to feel a wave of intense hatred, especially now that he knew the real consequences of what she'd done to him, but he didn't. A variety of other emotions surged through him instead-anger, pity and disgust. He'd never imagined Stephanie as part of his future. Had he just stepped into some alternate reality?

"What's a lie?" he asked, pacing in agitation. Sampson whined, obviously sensing something wrong, but Matt ignored him.

"You don't need to give Kayla any locket. She's not yours. She's from...someone else, a-a guy I met after I left Virginia City."

Matt wished he could believe her-so his life would return to normal. He almost asked her for Kayla's birthday so he could compare the dates. But he didn't need to. The hard edge of desperation in Stephanie's voice told him she was the one who was lying. And now that he'd heard the truth, there was no hiding from it. "What are you hoping to gain by telling me that?" he asked.

"I'm doing you a favor. You're off the hook. You're not the father. Tell Angela she has to come home now. She-she can't leave me here. She can't take my child away from me."

So he wasn't the only one frightened by recent developments. They were all scared, he realized. His involvement upset the delicate equilibrium. And yet Angela had risked it.

"Where are you?" he asked.

"None of your business," she said, but he could hear others talking in the background-"Get off the phone, bitch. I get to make my call, too"-and imagined her in jail or some sort of community shelter.

Briefly, the temptation to take Stephanie at her word, skip the paternity test and pretend he'd never met Kayla reasserted itself. He didn't need to be part of this mess, did he? It wasn't his fault. Angela would take care of Kayla. She'd be fine.

And yet...

He focused on the statue he'd brought home from the station, the one Kayla and Angela had given him for Christmas. It was a fireman rescuing a child. Safe from imminent danger.

With a mother like Stephanie, what child needed him more desperately than his own?

"I'm sorry, Stephanie," he said. "But there are going to be some changes."

"What changes?" she cried.

His eyes still on the statue, he drew a deep breath. "If Kayla's mine, I'll be taking care of her from now on."

ANGELA'S HEART BEGAN TO RACE the moment she heard Matt banging on her door. What now? She'd managed to avoid his calls, but she could hardly let him wake all the other hotel guests at one o'clock in the morning.

Dropping his quilt, which she'd been hugging around her since she'd finished packing Kayla's and her belongings, she hurried across the room and opened the door to find a rumpled-looking Matt.

"Let me in," he said, his voice terse, his eyes intense.

Angela didn't want to. She regretted telling him about Kayla and longed to go home, to pretend that what they'd said and done here in Virginia City had never happened. Tomorrow night was Christmas Eve, but she'd drive straight through. She couldn't wait.

"Matt-"

He peered over her head at the luggage. "It's too late to run," he said.

Someone across the hall peered out, wearing a disgruntled expression, and Angela quickly waved Matt inside.

"I'm not running. I'm-"

"Heading home." He glowered at the bags. "Two states away, which probably sounds like a pretty safe distance."

"I thought maybe we should...you know, take the next few weeks to consider the situation. You can call me in Denver when-"

"I've considered it," he interrupted.

The determination in his voice sent terror shooting through Angela. He had something to say already? She'd only left his place a couple of hours ago. "What have you decided?" she whispered.

He reached over to run his thumb along Kayla's name, which was embroidered on the backpack she'd brought for her beloved books. "I want her. She's mine. I'll take care of her from here on out."

Tears sprang to Angela's eyes. "Matt, wait. Please, I..." The lump in her throat choked off her words. She wasn't sure what to say, anyway. She knew Kayla wanted her father more than anything and that Matt would be good to her. She also knew he could offer her a loving extended family, the roots she craved and greater protection from the influence of her mother. The distance alone would be a plus, because Stephanie couldn't stop by every time she was down and out and wanted money for drugs.

Angela should let Kayla go, shouldn't she? But the thought of driving home without her, of packing up all her belongings and shipping them off, broke Angela's heart. She'd hoped to convince Matt that they could share Kayla, despite the thousand miles that separated them, but the words wouldn't come. It wasn't a realistic idea, anyway. One of them would have to play a very minor role in Kayla's life. And she knew which one that should be.

She breathed deeply, trying to absorb the pain, and felt his hand at her elbow.

"You okay?" he murmured.

Fresh tears fell as she looked up at him. "No," she said. Then his arms went around her, as his quilt had a few minutes earlier, and his mouth touched hers in a kiss that spoke of warmth and comfort-but quickly changed to driving passion and escalating need.

MATT WOKE UP IN Angela's bed. He could smell the clean scent of her hair, feel the softness of her bare skin as she continued to sleep with her body curled into his side, and knew that he'd gained more than a daughter last night. He wanted Angela, too. He wasn't sure how they were going to work out the logistics-where they'd live and who would change jobs-but he was hoping she'd marry him so they could become a family.

He smiled wryly at the thought of that. A family? A week ago, he hadn't even had a girlfriend.

He adjusted the quilt they'd used to cover themselves, the quilt he'd given Angela for Christmas, and his smile widened. Just when he'd begun to think it would never happen...

"You're awake?" Angela murmured.

He'd been cautious with his movements so he wouldn't disturb her, but now he slid his hand up over the curve of her hip to her breast, as he'd wanted to do ever since he'd opened his eyes.

"Aren't you tired?" she asked, covering a yawn. "We were up all night."

"I feel good. What about you?"

She gave him a sexy smile. "Fishing for compliments?"

He chuckled. "You kidding? Your screams were enough. I'm surprised our neighbors didn't complain to the management."

"I didn't scream that loud!" She tried to sit up in mock outrage, but he pressed her back, too busy enjoying what his fingers had found.

"Okay, but you groaned a lot," he said. "I loved it. And the way you looked at me right before you-"

She tried to brush his hand away. "Do we have to go over the details?"

"Why are you embarrassed?" He laughed as he moved her beneath him. "I told you I loved it. And the marks on my back will heal."

She narrowed her eyes. "I didn't leave any marks on your back!"

"Yet," he said. "There's always this morning." He kissed the indentation beneath her ear. "And the morning after." He kissed the pulse at her neck. "And the morning after that." He let his mouth drift lower, enjoying the fact that he could so easily make her quiver.

"No, I'm going home today...remember?" She gave a little gasp on that last word because he'd hit his real target.

"It's the holidays," he said, blowing cool air on the breast he'd just suckled.

She was getting lost in his lovemaking. He could tell. But she fought it. "So?"

"So you're spending Christmas with me."

"Trying to get another gift out of me?" she teased.

Leaving her breast, he kissed a trail down to her navel. "No, something better."

"What's that?" she asked, but he knew she was having a difficult time concentrating. He was making sure of it.

"A promise."

"What...kind...of promise?"

He didn't answer. He was too busy.

"Matt!" Her hands clenched in his hair.

He wasn't sure if she'd said his name by way of question or encouragement. But she seemed pretty interested in holding him right where he was, so he guessed she'd been encouraging him-and waited until just the right moment to answer. When her eyes closed, and her muscles tensed, she said his name again, only this time with power and more than a little urgency, and when the moment passed, he told her what he really wanted.

"Marry me."

ANGELA SAT IN THE living room of Matt's parents' home, enjoying Christmas morning. Outside, sunlight glistened on the snow and the world around them appeared crisp and bright, silent and peaceful. Inside, Christmas music played softly in the background as Sherry handed out mugs of hot chocolate and Kayla helped Matt's two younger cousins sort the Christmas presents, which they planned to open in a few minutes. Angela had brought some gifts for Kayla, so Kayla had a small pile of her own, but Matt had something far better waiting for her. Today was the day she'd get exactly what she wanted for Christmas: She'd learn the identity of her father.

"You nervous?" Matt murmured. He'd been sitting next to Angela since she and Kayla had arrived a few minutes earlier.

Angela nodded. "Dying. You?"

"Yeah."

He seemed excited. He also seemed intent on making them a family. Angela had asked him not to mention the possibility to Kayla. She needed more time to think. She had a home and a career in Colorado. Pulling up stakes and moving back to Virginia City was a big decision. Especially so soon. And then there was Stephanie...

When Matt had told Angela about his conversation with Kayla's mother, Angela had made some calls, trying to locate her. It was so difficult to give up hope. She'd thought maybe Stephanie was ready to get clean at last. But when she'd finally made contact with the shelter where Stephanie had been staying, she'd been told that a man named Jaydog had picked her up late last night.

That was where the trail had gone cold. Stephanie was probably right back on the streets, doing anything she could to feed her addiction. Angela had been through the cycle enough times to know that-and yet she felt so guilty for loving Matt, for wanting to be with him. Could she really move back to Virginia City with Stephanie's daughter and agree to marry the boy Stephanie had wanted so desperately?

She didn't think so.

"He's asked her to marry him," Angela heard Sherry whisper to Ray, Ray's wife and Claudia, her sister, in the kitchen. "Can you believe it? He's in love!"

Angela glanced worriedly at Kayla, afraid she might overhear. But Kayla didn't even look up. She was too busy burrowing under the tree.

"What did she say?" came Ray's murmured response.

"She's thinking about it." Sherry lowered her voice, but Angela could still make out the words. "So be really nice to her."

Evidently, Matt had heard his mother, too, because he squeezed Angela's hand and Angela couldn't help laughing softly to herself.

"So where would they live?" Claudia asked.

"I'm praying it'll be here. What good is getting my first granddaughter if I never get to see her?"

Matt's mother had a point. If they got married, they'd live in Virginia City. Angela knew that already. But even if they didn't marry, Kayla would stay with Matt. Angela felt certain she'd be happier here than she'd been in Denver. The only decision left was whether or not Angela could allow herself to be part of the idyllic picture. Could she say yes? After everything Betty had done for her, did she have that right?

"We're ready!" Kayla shouted.

Sherry ushered in the group from the kitchen, while Claudia's children rounded up their dad and Matt's father, who'd been checking out the new computer in the other room.

Matt let go of Angela's hand and leaned his elbows on his knees, watching Kayla as she sat next to her presents.

"Do we take turns like before? Or do we all open at once?" she asked.

When Matt stood, Angela knew he couldn't wait any longer. "Before we get too carried away with all the gifts, I have something to say."

Sherry grabbed her husband's arm excitedly, Ray grinned at his wife and Claudia motioned for complete silence. Obviously, except for the children, they all thought they knew what he was about to announce. But this would be a surprise.

Angela clasped her hands tightly in her lap.

"I have a special gift for Kayla. One I'd like her to open now," Matt said.

Kayla sat up straighter. "But you already gave me a gift, Matt." Her hand went to her throat in search of her locket but, finding it missing, she turned worried eyes to Angela. "My locket! It's gone!"

"You haven't lost it," Angela said. "I took it last night. Matt's giving it to you again." She cleared her throat to help steady her voice. "Only this time it has your father's picture in it."

Silence as thick as the snowdrifts piled outside descended on the room as everyone stared at Kayla, who was still gazing in shock at Angela. "That can't be true," she said.

"It's true," Angela said.

Matt crossed the room and pulled the plush blue box from his pocket.

"Are you sure I should open it here?" she asked him.

He knelt down beside her so everyone could see. "It's okay," he murmured. "Go ahead."

Kayla's trepidation showed in the stiff set of her shoulders. With a final glance at the people watching, she slowly, carefully withdrew the locket.

Angela's pulse raced as Kayla opened the tiny clasp. Then the girl's jaw dropped and her gaze flew to Matt, who was watching her with so much hope that everyone in the room could feel the poignant emotions inside him.

"You're my dad? I mean, my real dad?"

Tears glistened in Matt's eyes. He kept blinking, obviously struggling to hold them back, but he nodded. "I just found out myself the day before yesterday. I'm glad I know," he said and gathered her in his arms.

Angela didn't realize she had tears rolling down her own cheeks until they began to drip off her chin. She wiped them as Kayla squeezed Matt tightly.

"Merry Christmas, Kayla," he said. Then he released her and turned her to face all the others in the room. "And these people-they're your family, too."

Sherry had nearly fainted at "You're my dad?" Now she leaned heavily on her husband and waved a hand in front of her, as if she couldn't get enough air. "Does that mean you're going to marry him?" she asked Angela hopefully.

She still believed what she'd originally been told-that Angela was Kayla's real mother. They could explain the details later, Angela decided. She had enough going on right now. Everyone's attention had shifted to her, even Kayla's.

"Marry him?" Kayla murmured.

"That-that's one option," Angela admitted. "We've been...talking about it."

"And what are the other options?" Kayla asked.

Everyone's eyes cut back and forth between them. Angela hoped no one could tell how badly she was shaking. "You could live here with...with Matt."

Some of the excitement fled Kayla's face. "Without you?"

"I don't know yet, Kayla. I have a house in Denver-"

"We're selling the house, remember?"

"And a job."

"Can't you work here?"

"You wouldn't have to. I can support you," Matt said.

His mother moved closer to him. "He'd make a good husband."

"And you've seen the calendar," his aunt added. "You know what kind of fires he can put out."

Angela didn't have a chance to answer any of them. Kayla's eyebrows were drawing together in hurt and anger. "You said I'd always be a central part of your life, and no one would ever change that. Now you're giving me away?"

"I'm not giving you away," Angela said. "I-I'm letting you live where I think you'll be happiest."

"I can't be happy without you!"

Angela turned to Matt, expecting him to help her defer answering. But he didn't. "I can't be happy without you, either," he said softly, honestly.

"Do you love him?" Sherry asked.

Angela didn't want to admit the truth. She knew what would happen. But Matt was watching her so intently, she couldn't lie. "I do."

"So say yes... Marry him...It's Christmas," everyone said, pressing closer.

Angela let her uncertainty show in her expression. "What about Stephanie?" she asked, seeking Matt. "Kayla's her daughter. You're the man she wanted."

This threw the others, but not Matt. "We'll do what we can for her," he promised. "When she's ready."

Kayla's arms slipped around Angela's waist. "Leaving us won't help her!" she said, hugging her tightly. And it was those words that finally made sense to Angela. Denying herself the joy of being with Matt and Kayla wouldn't help anyone.

The tears started to come again, but Angela brushed them away. "Yes."

"You'll do it?" Kayla cried. "You'll marry him?"

Angela smiled through her tears. "I will."

Matt's arms went around both of them, and he kissed Angela's temple. "I'll make sure you never regret it," he whispered.

The rest of the group hugged and congratulated her one by one, and Angela smiled as she realized that Kayla's new family had just become her own.

Maybe this Christmas wasn't like the ones she used to know. But she knew there'd never be a better one. Except for next year. And the years after that...

Dear Reader,

I've always had a fondness for the story of Scrooge and his journey to become a better person. When Brenda Novak, Anna Adams and I first started brainstorming ideas for this project, I found myself intrigued by the idea of Scrooge (Simon Castle in my story) falling in love with the Ghost of Christmas Present (Emma Roberts). Okay, so Emma isn't a ghost and Simon doesn't wear a full-length nightshirt, but the idea that someone can make a difference in your perspective on life is fascinating. I hope you enjoy my lighthearted take on this classic tale.

I love to hear from readers, either through my Web site, , or regular mail at P.O. Box 150, Denair, CA 95316. Bah, humbug...er...happy holidays!

Melinda Curtis

ON A SNOWY CHRISTMAS

Brenda Novak

Dear Reader,

I found the research for this novella very interesting, probably because I live close to the Sierra Nevada. I had no idea there were so many crash sites there, but it stands to reason. They're such a rugged range. As sad as it is to think about the people who have gone down in these planes, I came across several stories of survival, which were very uplifting, especially the one about the boy who lasted several days alone-until rescuers could reach him-that is mentioned in the story. It's amazing what people can do even in difficult circumstances!

I hope you enjoy Maxim and Adelaide's story. Sometimes the best things come out of the greatest tragedy.

I love to hear from readers. Please visit my home on the Web at  and sign up for my mailing list so that I can alert you whenever I have a new book out.

Merry Christmas and happy reading!

Brenda Novak

CHAPTER ONE

Tuesday, December 16

ADELAIDE FAIRFAX HAD been apprehensive about taking this flight from the very beginning. For one thing, she preferred not to be in such close proximity to her election opponent. Maxim Donahue, the man who'd filled her husband's state senate position via special election two years ago, was working on his laptop across the aisle and slightly in front of her. He was the only other person on the seven-seater Cessna except for the pilot and, although he refused to show it, he couldn't be happy that she'd been the one to claim Franklin Salazar's endorsement at their meeting this morning. A very wealthy developer, Franklin would not only be a generous campaign benefactor, he'd be a strong influence on other key supporters.

But, despite the awkwardness of their association, it wasn't being cooped up on a private plane with Donahue that'd tempted her to stay in Tahoe and forgo the governor's fundraiser in Los Angeles. Neither was it the Christmas music that filtered through the speakers, reminding her of a season she preferred, for the third year, to forget. It was that she'd always hated flying. The newspaper article she'd read last week, detailing the shocking number of uncharted plane wrecks in the Sierra Nevadas, didn't help. This range contained some of the highest mountains in the northern hemisphere-craggy, rocky peaks that soared above the timberline.

Those same craggy peaks were now lurking somewhere below them in the blizzardlike weather. How close, Adelaide didn't know. But she had a feeling it was too close.

She knew the instant they were going to crash, but because of her fear, she couldn't really describe it as a premonition. It was more of a gut instinct, a sudden prickly sensation that told her something terrible was about to happen-the same sensation she'd experienced right before she'd received the call notifying her of her husband's fatal car accident.

She opened her mouth to ask the pilot if everything was okay but didn't have a chance to voice the words. One of the powerful downdrafts they'd been battling almost since takeoff jerked the plane, and it lost altitude at such a rate her stomach jumped into her throat.

Senator Donahue looked back at her, his expression, for once, devoid of the contempt he typically reserved for her. It was an honest "Oh, my God" moment when their eyes met and they understood without speaking that the primary they both wanted to win so desperately the following June no longer mattered. Chances were they wouldn't see Christmas.

THE IMPACT OF THE CRASH rattled Adelaide's teeth and threw her against the harness of her seat belt, like a one-two punch to the stomach and chest. At the same time, a heavy object fell from above, striking her on the temple. It hit hard enough to disorient her, but she didn't lose consciousness. She sat, eyes wide open, staring at nothing but darkness. The Christmas music was gone, replaced by a low hissing sound.

The smell of gasoline registered simultaneously with the pain she felt from the landing. She had to climb out, get away from the fuselage. But how? If there were emergency lights, they hadn't come on.

Could she find the exit? If she did, could she open it? She was shaking so violently she doubted she had the strength to move even a small piece of luggage out of her way.

How had this happened? The pilot had promised they'd be able to get through. And God owed her a small break, didn't He? She'd barely been able to function since Mark died. The coming election, and her decision to enter the race-what should've been Mark's race-had given her a reason to go on.

Ironically, it was also thanks to the coming election that her life was now at risk.

She struggled to get her bearings, but the creaks and groans of the plane and the heavy dust-filled darkness worked against her. Never had she imagined herself in such a situation, where survival depended entirely on her own ingenuity and instincts. A pilot, a flight attendant, a firefighter-she'd always assumed there'd be Someone In Charge in case of an emergency. Someone else.

Had the senator or pilot survived? What were the chances?

Not good, surely. She didn't hear anything-no movement, no groans. Was she completely on her own?

She held her breath. The howling wind gusted into the cabin as if a hole had been ripped in the metal, or the hull had broken apart. Maybe she wouldn't need to open the door. Maybe she was mere inches from freedom and didn't know it. But if she made it out alive, how long would she survive in conditions like this? Were there any emergency supplies on board? Flares?

I'm going to die.

That realization made her shake. But what did dying mean, exactly? As a foster child who'd been bounced around so many homes she'd lost track, she hadn't stayed in touch with any of her "parents." She had no children. She'd already turned her business over to the woman who'd worked for her almost from the beginning, so she could campaign.

For the briefest of moments, she allowed herself to fantasize about seeing Mark again, touching him. He'd been the one constant in her life, the only person who'd ever made her feel loved. She missed his appreciation for fine wine and good books and old architecture and modern art, missed the way he laughed and made her laugh. Was he still the same in some other dimension, maybe living in heaven, as so many organized religions taught?

The possibility calmed her. If heaven existed, maybe she wouldn't be alone for Christmas, after all. Lord knew she'd trade her money, her company and her hopes of winning a state senate seat for some kind of contact with Mark-would do it in a heartbeat. No more forcing herself to meet each new day without the husband she'd lost. No more aching loneliness. Only someone with a fierce will to survive could come out of an accident like this. And that wasn't her. She'd fought enough battles. It was better to give up right away, let go-

A moan interrupted her thoughts. She was almost reluctant to acknowledge what that moan meant. Another survivor complicated her desire to slip away without a struggle.

It had to be Maxim Donahue, she decided. He opposed her in everything.

But it wasn't Donahue. The sound came from the pilot. She could tell because Maxim called out to him a second later, his voice so scratchy and strained it made her wonder if he'd been seriously injured. "You...okay, Mr. Cox?"

Cox. That was the pilot's name. They'd been introduced when Adelaide came on board, but she'd been too busy keeping to herself to concentrate on someone she'd likely never meet again. A friend of the governor's had provided the plane and the pilot. Governor Bruce Livingston wasn't about to let bad weather beat him out of what he had planned for his biggest fundraiser of the year. He'd invited Donahue as a way to show his continued support; he'd invited her as a way to reach her wealthy supporters. She knew it was a calculated move, but her acceptance was every bit as calculated. Although most folks expected the governor to stand by Donahue, her inclusion in this event signaled that he wouldn't be entirely opposed to seeing her take over. It was a perfect strategy-playing the middle ground, as Livingston did so well.

"Mr. Cox?" Donahue called, a little louder.

The moaning stopped. "Get out...now!" the pilot rasped.

Other than that hissing she'd noticed earlier, silence fell, as absolute as the darkness.

"Adelaide?" Donahue said next.

It was odd even in such a desperate moment for this man, who'd only ever addressed her as Ms. Fairfax-lately with a starched courtesy that bordered on rudeness-to use her first name. But at least he sounded more coherent than he had a minute or two before. She knew that should've brought relief. Instead, she experienced an unmistakable reluctance to give up her hope of seeing Mark again.

"Hey, you still with us?" he persisted.

Don't answer. She knew what she was in for, couldn't face it. They'd freeze to death even if they got out.

And yet, despite all the odds stacked against them, despite the possibility of Mark waiting for her in heaven, the drive to go on, to live, finally asserted itself.

"I'm here." Unfortunately. Why couldn't it have happened quickly? Why couldn't it be over already?

"Where's here?"

In her seat. She hadn't budged because she'd assumed it was pointless. She didn't know where to go or what to do. Her head hurt, and a wet substance rolled down the side of her face, but it couldn't be tears. She was too shocked to cry.

"Answer me, damn it," he snapped while she was puzzling over her own reaction.

The force of his demand, and the same instinct that had led her to answer the first time, drew another response. "Where I was when w-we crashed."

That information was enough to guide him to her. A moment later she felt him touch her. His hands ran over her head, her face and then her body. They moved briskly, purposefully-and they missed nothing.

Mark... The yearning nearly overwhelmed her.

"I don't feel any major injuries," he said. "Can you walk?"

Not Mark. Mark's replacement. Mark's old acquaintance turned political enemy. "I th-think so." Why weren't his teeth chattering? How could he remain calm, even through this?

She should've expected it. She'd often said he was made of stone. His wife, already ailing with cancer, had committed suicide two years ago, six months after Mark's death. But Maxim Donahue had never shown so much as a hint of regret. She could still remember the implacable expression he'd worn when he appeared on television on a completely unrelated matter only days after Chloe Donahue's funeral.

Adelaide had always resented him for the ease with which he'd been able to return to business as usual. He made carrying on look simple. Probably because he cared about nothing as much as his own ambition. That was part of the reason she'd decided to run against him. What Donahue had said about her late husband provided the rest of her motivation.

"Let's get out of here," he said.

The pilot didn't utter another sound. Cox. Adelaide knew she'd never forget his name again. Not if she lived to be a hundred.

"Wh-what about M-Mr. Cox?"

Light appeared. At last. But it wasn't the emergency lights. It was the blue glow of flames licking across the cockpit. The flicker illuminated the slumped figure of the pilot.

"Get your hands out of the way!" Maxim Donahue shoved her fumbling fingers aside, unlatched her seat belt and half dragged her to the door, where he pulled the barely visible emergency latch. But the door wouldn't open. They were trapped. Unless they could discover where that wind was getting in....

Grabbing her shoulder, he shoved her toward the back. "Find the opening. I'll get Cox."

Find the opening. Adelaide could feel the wind, the cold, even the wet snow seeping through the wreckage, but her head injury left her dizzy, stupefied. She couldn't think. Especially when she heard Donahue behind her, his gruff voice carrying a terrible note of finality. "He's gone."

"Gone?" she repeated, unable to absorb his meaning.

He didn't clarify. He pushed past her and kicked at the walls and windows. But the fire in the cockpit yielded more smoke than light. Flames stole along the floor, threatening to destroy the only hope they had.

Adelaide's nose and throat burned. And the sticky substance, the blood, coming from the wound on her head kept running into her eyes. She wiped at it and blinked and blinked and blinked, but it made no difference. She couldn't see. She couldn't breathe. She couldn't imagine how they'd live another five minutes.

Suddenly, the plane shifted, and a great gust of ice and snow blew back her hair.

Donahue had found an opening. He'd widened it. That brought a poignant burst of hope. But at the same time, metal screeched against rock, echoing miserably against the night sky. Then the plane tilted at a crazy angle and the floor beneath their feet gave way.

CHAPTER TWO

THE FRIGID BLAST of air that represented escape hit Maxim Donahue just as the plane plummeted down the side of the mountain. Had he not already lunged for the opening, he would've experienced a second crash-and Adelaide Fairfax would've gone down with him. As it was, the movement of the plane jerked her so hard he nearly lost hold of her. Numb from the cold and blinded by swirling snow, he wasn't sure he'd managed to pull her out until her hand patted its way across his chest as they lay, prone, in the snow. Maybe she wanted to confirm that he was still with her. Or maybe she was just seeking warmth. They were both going to need it. He wondered if they'd last long enough to be rescued.

"I'm here," he yelled above the raging storm. "You okay?"

"That depends on how...you define okay." The wind made it difficult to communicate, but at least she seemed to be making sense. The shock of the crash had caused her to react with a sort of stunned lethargy. He was under the impression that she'd still be sitting in her seat if he hadn't unbuckled her restraint and prodded her to get moving. But that didn't surprise him. There'd actually been studies showing that only a small fraction of the people involved in plane wrecks got themselves out. Another small percentage grew hysterical. The majority did neither. They simply stayed put and allowed themselves to die.

A bang resounded far below, indicating that the plane had come to rest.

The pilot was still inside.

The image of Cox's body, now probably as mangled as the twisted metal that encased it, made Maxim sick. But he couldn't change what was, couldn't turn back time. His only choice was to do what he'd done with Chloe's death-bury the shock and grief in some other part of his brain so he could function. If the panic he held at bay ever took root, it'd spread so fast he wouldn't be able to stop it. Just as Adelaide had remained buckled in her seat, watching flames devour the cockpit, he'd find himself lying in the snow, unable to move or even think. And if ever he needed to keep his wits about him, it was now. Together with a wing and some other debris from the crash, which looked more like props in a movie, they were a few feet from the edge of a steep precipice. The wind whipped at them feverishly. If they weren't careful, those gusts would toss them over the side just like the main body of the plane.

Why had he put himself in this situation? Why had he listened when Cox insisted they could beat the storm? They should've stayed in Tahoe as they'd initially discussed. Instead, Maxim had succumbed to the pressure of Governor Livingston's phone call. But only because he'd wanted to make the party. He couldn't slow down, couldn't stop working. That would give the emptiness in his life a chance to catch up with him.

"What are we going to do?" Adelaide called.

The irony of being caught in this situation with the one person he disliked more than any other hit him, and he began to laugh.

"What's so funny?" she asked. "We're stranded on the side of a cliff in one of the worst storms to hit the Sierras in a decade. We're going to die up here, and you're laughing?"

He felt no obligation to explain. "I've finally pushed fate too far," he muttered instead.

He doubted she'd heard his reply, but she must've understood a little of what he was thinking because she shouted, "Who do you figure will win the primary if we're...not there?"

There was only one person with any real prospects. Luke Silici, who worked for the governor's office, had been making noises about running for the senate, until Adelaide stepped up and surprised everyone. Then, feeling she'd get more party support than he would, he'd backed off at the last minute. "Luke Silici will enter in your absence. The die-hard conservatives won't have a prayer of producing someone who can beat him. Not this late in the game. That's why they pressured you to run against me. You were their best shot. Not that I believe you could've taken me."

She shouldn't have had a chance. He was the incumbent. But Adelaide had her husband's tremendous popularity on her side, the sympathy factor, the support of key Republicans who possessed the power to swing a large number of votes, and the success of her multimillion-dollar energy conservation company, which established her business acumen. She'd even stolen the Salazar endorsement.

He expected her to come back at him, listing those assets as proof that retaining his seat was far from a given-and welcomed the argument that would start. This was his first opportunity to privately confront the stunning widow who'd pulled her support from him the moment he began to oppose legislation her husband had favored. If they were about to die, he could say whatever he wanted, knowing he wouldn't be quoted in the Sacramento Bee the following morning.

But Ms. Fairfax didn't return fire. She merely said, "They didn't have to pressure me."

Those six words put him in his place and removed the distraction he'd so eagerly embraced.

"We have to find shelter or we'll wish we'd gone over with the plane," she said and made a move to get up.

"Not so fast." He yanked her down by her expensive wool coat and rolled onto his hands and knees. That was when he realized-as inappropriately as he was dressed for winter survival in a fifteen-hundred-dollar business suit-her apparel included a skirt. Although her legs had proved quite a diversion when he was boarding the plane, the panty hose and high heels that showed them off so well would give her little protection from the elements.

How could this have happened? He was freezing his ass off, staring at nothing but snow, and still couldn't believe he was stranded in a blizzard instead of on his way toward the fundraiser, where he'd hoped to convince the majority of his party, once and for all, that Adelaide Fairfax didn't have what it took to win against the Democrats come November.

"What are you doing?" she asked as he surveyed the mountain.

They had to continue shouting. "I'm trying to figure out where we should go in order to increase our chances of survival."

"Are you w-worried about an-an avalanche?"

Her teeth chattered as she spoke. Her coordination would start to suffer next. Mild hypothermia began with uncontrolled shivering, impaired coordination and blue lips. It could progress quickly to more serious problems and eventually death. Anyone who'd seen a survival movie knew that.

Death seemed to wait at the end of every avenue. He was astonished that they'd both escaped this far. Cox hadn't been so lucky.

"That's exactly what I'm worried about," he said, speaking more loudly.

"Are we in an-an avalanche area?"

Evidently, she wasn't much of a ski buff. "Any steep mountain covered with snow can avalanche. But they occur most often when new snow falls onto cement pack."

"Like it's doing now."

The wryness in her voice encouraged him. He hoped it meant she was tougher than she seemed. She'd certainly done well navigating the predominantly male world of business. But the way she'd reacted in that plane had him worried. "You got it, ace. The wet, heavy snow sitting on top of the hardened ice slides right off, especially when it's steep."

"Great. So if we d-don't want to go hurtling to the b-bottom of the canyon, what should we do?"

"Move carefully and get on stable ground."

"Say that again?"

"We need to find a safe place to build a shelter!"

"Out of what?"

"The only thing we've got-snow." Fortunately, he'd been an Eagle Scout and knew about snow caves. He'd had to build a total of three in his lifetime, on various campouts. Of course, those had been for fun, for practice. And it'd been twenty-seven years since he'd built the last one.

She cupped her hands around her mouth. "What about the p-plane? Maybe we can f-find some emergency supplies in the wreckage."

She was right. Legally, the pilot would've had to carry certain articles. But it wasn't as if the plane or the pilot came from Alaska. California was known for its predominately mild weather. Had the members of the state legislature concerned themselves with winter in the high Sierras when they considered emergency gear legislation?

Maxim hadn't seen any such bill since he'd been in office. He could only pray that they had.

"Regulations would demand some sort of supplies, but who knows how well the owner or pilot complied. Or if those supplies went over with the main body of the plane." It was very likely they had. The pilot himself had gone over, hadn't he?

Maxim didn't want to think about that. Christmas was next week. What kind of holiday would Cox's family have? And what about the two of them? Any? Probably not. But he didn't believe it was advisable to extinguish all hope. Adelaide was losing body heat faster than he was; it wouldn't help to discourage her. "We'll look, but first we'll get warm and wait out the storm."

"Sounds g-good."

Not as "g-good" as waking up to discover this was just a nightmare, that he could still look forward to seeing his daughters next week when school ended. But at least he wasn't alone. He'd found it ironic to be stranded with Fairfax's young widow. Now he was grateful for her company. Because the only thing worse than being stuck out here with her was being stuck out here alone.

CHAPTER THREE

MAXIM HAD NO IDEA how long it took them to dig the cave. He couldn't see his Rolex, couldn't see much of anything. He wasn't even sure they were tunneling in a safe spot. They hadn't had the time, the visibility or the mobility to look around. They'd found what appeared to be a level spot and started digging. It was either that or continue to brave the cold without any shelter, which wasn't a viable option. If they didn't warm their extremities soon, they'd lose them to frostbite.

At least the physical nature of the work kept them somewhat warm. They covered their hands with the sleeves of their coats and took turns using a metal piece from the plane to scoop snow.

Adelaide had fallen silent almost as soon as they'd begun. Maxim knew her legs and feet must be even more frozen than his, but there wasn't anything he could do about it. Not until they had some way to block the wind.

"I wish we had supplies to build a fire," he said. It was a lame comment, but he wanted her to interact with him.

His efforts to draw her out didn't help. She said nothing. He only knew she was still alive because he had to let her take over with the shovel every now and then or he'd begin to sweat, heightening the danger of acute hypothermia. She needed to keep moving more than he did, anyway.

She attempted to further their progress, but her movements grew slower and more uncoordinated as the minutes ticked by. He was losing her.

The panic that struck at that thought didn't correspond to the way he felt about her in regular life. In the campaign, he'd forced himself to stick to the issues, but it hadn't been easy in the midst of her more personal attacks. Especially because her husband had done some unconscionable things and no one knew it, except Maxim and Harvey Sillinger, his campaign manager. Harvey was angrier than a junkyard dog that he wasn't allowed to expose what he'd learned. But Mark Fairfax was dead. The only person who'd be hurt by his duplicity was the wife he'd left behind.

Destroy the squeaky-clean image of her late husband, and you wipe away her power. This is a fight, man! Go for the jugular! She's running on the popularity of a man who pretended to have integrity but didn't. Harvey made this argument almost daily. Maybe they could remove the threat Adelaide posed by leaking a few carefully chosen details. But it would also destroy the positive memories she had of her husband, and Maxim refused to stoop that low. He knew what Mark's death had cost her. At the time of his funeral, he and the Fairfaxes had been political allies.

"Keep digging!" he snapped, hoping impatience would have some effect since persuasion hadn't. "Now! Hurry up!"

The added intensity seemed to work. At first. After the next few scoops, however, she grew completely unresponsive no matter how much he shouted.

"Shit!" he yelled to no one in particular. They were out of time.

Maxim gauged the depth of the hole. It wasn't as deep as he would've liked. They couldn't be too close to the walls or ceiling, or the snow would melt, and he couldn't have that. They had to stay as dry as possible. But staying dry would be a moot point if Adelaide couldn't make it long enough to take advantage of the shelter.

Stripping off his raincoat to cover the floor of the cave, he set their makeshift shovel near the opening so they could dig their way out if they got blocked in. He was supposed to leave a hole, but the metal plug was the best he could do under the circumstances.

If Adelaide had considered the possibility of being buried alive, she didn't mention it. She backed inside when he told her to and didn't resist when he began stripping off her clothes.

"Stay with me." Going by touch alone, he fumbled with the buttons on her suit. "I'll get you warm. Do you understand? Are you aware of what I'm telling you? Hang on."

The shallowness of her breathing alarmed him. He could barely feel it against his cheek. And what he felt wasn't as warm as it should've been. He was afraid her core temperature was dropping. He'd never felt a woman's skin that was so cold, so deathlike. Even Chloe had been warm when he'd found her....

"The outside temperature can fall to seventy below in a storm like this." He hoped his voice would give her something to concentrate on in the dark. "This cave should make it a whole hundred degrees warmer." He carefully removed her wet skirt. "That sounds practically tropical, doesn't it?"

Shivering, she held her arms close to her almost naked body. "N-no."

It wasn't the answer he'd been hoping to hear, but it proved she was coherent. "Talk to me, Adelaide. You can't go to sleep. You know that, right?"

He didn't think she'd respond again, but more words came...after a long delay. "That's all I w-want to d-do."

"If you sleep, you die," he said. "And we've got to get back home. We have an election battle to wage-against each other."

"S-somehow...the n-nomination doesn't...m-matter...anymore."

"I'll remember you said that once we're both safe and warm."

Thanks to the narrow confines of the cave, Maxim had trouble taking off his suit jacket. His button-down shirt wasn't any easier because his numb fingers couldn't seem to loosen his tie.

"W-what...are you...doing?" she asked.

"Only what I have to."

At last, he untied the damn knot. He wrapped his tie around his wrist, in case he saw some use for it later, and started to peel off the rubber boots that protected his Italian leather shoes.

"M-Maxim?"

"I think that's the first time you've ever used my first name," he said.

"Are you g-getting naked?"

"Yes. As fast as I can."

"Okay."

He laughed. "Somehow that wasn't what I expected you to say."

He took off her sensible pumps, which seemed anything but sensible in this situation, and slipped his socks, which were dry thanks to the overboots, on her feet. Then he put the overboots on over them, to insure they stayed dry, and pulled his leather shoes back on his own feet.

"Does that help?" he asked.

She didn't answer.

"Adelaide?"

"I'm f-fine. We'll be fine."

"That's the attitude," he said, but he sensed it was more of a capitulation than anything else. She didn't want him to bother her anymore. She preferred to be left alone. So she could drift into unconsciousness?

"You can't sleep," he reminded her and wondered what to do about her bra. Leave it on or take it off? It didn't seem wet, but if he was going to die, there were worse ways to go than pressed against the soft body of a woman.

In the end, he couldn't justify taking that liberty.

Leaving the bra on, he drew her into his arms.

"Oh! That feels g-good."

Her comment made him wish he'd removed her bra. Then it would've felt that much better. Having her even partially undressed was enough to bring his libido roaring to life. It'd been too damn long since he'd been with a woman, and he wanted to live while he could. What else would they do for the next several hours? They couldn't sleep-and nothing else had as much potential for distraction.

But the same vigilant conscience that wouldn't allow him to remove her bra wouldn't allow him to do anything else, either. Not when he suspected she wasn't thinking clearly.

When she wedged one slim leg between his thighs, he knew he wasn't thinking clearly, either. This was Adelaide Fairfax, his nemesis. She'd been stealing his endorsements and financial backers right and left, and hammering away at his Achilles' heel-his voting record on taxation issues-since September. Yet the feel of her against him provoked a sudden recklessness that made him want to roll her beneath him and make love to her more desperately and feverishly than he'd ever made love to a woman. The anger and resentment he'd felt toward her for the past four months only made that desire more potent. His grudging admiration of her beauty and equally grudging respect for her poise created a powerful drive to possess-and it happened more quickly than a match dropped in gasoline could burst into flame.

THEY WERE DEFINITELY making use of their clothing but they weren't actually wearing much of it. While Maxim's water-resistant coat protected them from the snow beneath, his suit jacket and Adelaide's wool coat covered them like blankets. She had on only her bra, panties and nylons; he was still wearing his boxers. But Adelaide wouldn't have cared if they were completely naked. It didn't matter that he was her enemy. He was warm. And he even smelled good.

She pressed her frozen nose into his neck and breathed in the scent of soap. Maxim Donahue was built like a Giorgio Armani model-long, lean and spare. He dressed like one, too, in expensive tailor-made suits he wore as easily and comfortably as other men wore sweat suits.

His pulse beat against her lips, rhythmic and steady. She'd just count the pounding of his heart until help arrived. Then she'd be whisked away and would never have to be alone with him again.

But a rescue team wouldn't get anywhere close to them until after the storm. And she had no idea how long that would be.

Her feet were still so numb she couldn't feel them.

"Adelaide?"

She didn't move. "What?"

"You're not falling asleep, are you?"

"Of course not." But she didn't see how she could avoid it. She didn't have the strength to lift her eyelids.

CHAPTER FOUR

"HEY." MAXIM SPOKE into Adelaide's hair, next to her ear, but she didn't move. "You still with me?" he said, more loudly.

When her head lolled on his arm, he grew alarmed enough to shake her. "What are you doing? Wake up!"

No answer.

With a curse, he leaned on his elbow. A moment before, he'd caught his own mind wandering, blanking out as if preparing for sleep. It'd happened so fast he almost wondered if he was the one who'd slipped away and was now hallucinating. "Listen, we're not...giving up, okay?"

She mumbled a few words. They weren't coherent, but at least they proved she was alive.

Thank God!

Closing his eyes, he let go of the breath he'd been holding. "If they find us...like this...they might...take a picture and...and put it on the front page of The Bee. Can you...imagine the caption?"

He hoped his comment would cause a reaction, and it did. "They'd better not!"

"They could. We have to remain conscious, make sure they don't."

"We'll...be...conscious."

Not if they didn't do something to stay awake. Less than sixty seconds later, he felt the tension seep out of her body.

"Adelaide, come on." Come on what? Where was he going with this thought? It took a moment, but at last he remembered. "We have to...to keep dalking."

"Keep...what?"

He was having trouble enunciating. He had to capture each word, chase it around in his head, then drag it to his mouth.

"T-talking." There, he'd said it. But the effort was wasted. His warning brought no response.

"Adelaide, fight...please." The sexual desire he'd felt earlier was completely gone. Now he wished for that spike of testosterone, for the flare of physical strength it had given him. In its place sat a hard knot of dread, but it was muted like everything else seemed to be. It certainly wasn't enough to overcome the sluggishness bogging him down. And with the storm still raging, they had a long wait ahead.

"Shall...we sing...some Christmas carol?"

No answer.

"Jingle bells, jingle bells, jingle all the way-" He stopped. That was all he could remember, which was ridiculous. He wasn't any kind of Scrooge. He liked Christmas. But apparently he hadn't paid much attention to the lyrics of even the more popular songs in quite some time. Probably because he didn't usually sing, didn't have what he would consider a voice. So he settled for something more repetitive and less vocally demanding. "Ninety-nine bottles of beer on the wall, ninety-nine bottles of beer, take one down, pass it around, ninety-eight bottles of beer on the wall."

His words ran together as if he was drunk. He tried to sing more clearly, hoping Adelaide would join in, but she didn't. Only the flutter of her heartbeat, which he could feel when he pressed his lips to her throat, gave him hope-until that heartbeat became erratic, weak.

Feeling her heart wind down finally triggered the release of some much-needed adrenaline. Suddenly, he could think. Almost as important, he had the energy to move.

"Adelaide?" He kissed her throat, her jawline, her cold lips. "Hey, you're naked...with...the enemy."

Forgetting the scruples that had kept him circumspect and discreet, he unfastened her bra and slid his hand up to cup her breast. He didn't care about right and wrong anymore. He cared only about saving her life. To do that, he needed to rouse her to some level of awareness. "Can you feel me touching you?"

She moved, which encouraged him.

"Do you like it?" Parting her lips with his tongue, he kissed her while his fingers sought the more sensitive parts of her body. He wasn't having fun. He was too frightened. But he was putting everything he had into trying to interest her-or at least anger her. As far as he was concerned, either reaction would work. He simply needed to evoke an emotional response. Even a small rush of adrenaline could keep her lucid.

"Mark?"

He went still. She was out of it, all right. She thought he was her late husband.

He opened his mouth to correct her. But he feared despair would set in if he did. She was trapped on the side of a mountain, in the middle of a terrible blizzard, with little chance of survival. With him, a man she hated. But only when she knew who he was.

"Yeah, it's me." He cringed at the lie but didn't regret telling it when it worked better than he would've guessed. For the first time since the crash, he sensed some fight, some real strength in Adelaide. She was weeping now, but she clung to him, kissing him so passionately he began to experience a flicker of the desire that had crashed over him when he'd first encountered her barely clad body.

God, what am I doing?

He was saving her life, he told himself and, at her urging, slid his hand down her flat stomach to take off her panty hose.

IT WASN'T MARK, and Adelaide knew it. But that didn't mean she had to accept it.

Shutting out the reality, she concentrated on Maxim's mouth, his muscular chest, the thickness of his hair-and told herself it was the husband she'd lost. Sure, his kiss seemed a little different than she remembered, but it was so good she didn't mind. He showed more emotion, and the groan that rumbled from deep in his throat let her know he wanted her. The way he handled himself-handled her-was slightly more commanding. She liked it better. Because it's been so long.

"I love you," she whispered through tears she couldn't seem to suppress.

He stopped moving. She imagined him staring down at her, even though neither of them could see. "Is something wrong?" she asked.

"Adelaide-"

She pressed a finger to his lips. She didn't want him to ruin it. She had her husband with her. That was all that mattered. Maybe he'd disappear in a few minutes, leave her as alone as she'd been before. But at least she'd have this final memory-a better parting than the one she'd agonized over for so long-to carry her through whatever came next.

"Tell me you love me," she whispered, craving those words more than any others.

He hesitated.

"Mark?"

"You know it's true." Although he'd spoken a little too gruffly to make it entirely believable, there was no mistaking the sincerity in the words that followed. "You're the most beautiful woman I've ever laid eyes on, Adelaide Fairfax."

She chose to focus on that instead. You're the most beautiful woman I've ever laid eyes on.... Wrapping her fingers around the proof of his arousal, she couldn't help smiling at his sudden intake of breath. The passion that had begun to wane in their marriage was back. Her doubts, her insecurities, they were stupid. Wasted energy, just as he'd always said. "Feels like you're ready."

"I'm ready. But-"

"Shh." She regretted ever breaking the silence. She'd only wanted to clear the air between them, hated that he'd died before she could apologize for the accusations that had sent him storming from their home. "Just make love to me. Tell me I'm all you ever wanted. Tell me that never changed."

"You're taking my very soul," he murmured.

"Don't fight it." She meant that teasingly, but he seemed to take her response at face value. His hands and mouth found her again, drawing a greedy response from every single nerve-until she was so sensitized she quivered at his lightest touch. She wanted to be with him completely, craved the old sense of connection they'd known when they were first married. But he resisted her attempts to take their lovemaking that final step.

"What are you doing?" she asked, confused by his hesitancy. "I want to feel you inside me. One more time."

"Adelaide, I can't. I'm not Mark. You know that, don't you? I'm-"

"Shh!" Couldn't he take what she was willing to give him and spare her the harsh reality? It was her last night on earth; this was all she asked of it. "I don't want to hear what you're saying."

"It's the truth. I can't do this unless..." He seemed to struggle to find the right words. "I have to know you're okay with it, that I'm not taking advantage of you."

"We're taking advantage of each other," she said and arched into him, seeking the fantasy that had enveloped her only moments before.

Stubbornly, he clung to his resistance. "You're sure?"

She let her kiss answer for her, let it coax him to succumb, to forget that she was pretending he was someone else. And it worked. His restraint snapped. She felt it go.

Mumbling words she couldn't quite make out-heaven help me or something like that-he rolled her beneath him.

CHAPTER FIVE

THEY DIDN'T DIE that night. But when Maxim opened his eyes the next morning, he was almost disappointed to be breathing. They were still stranded, still freezing, and still without much hope. He'd also made love to his election opponent while allowing her to fantasize that he was her dead husband. How sick was that?

Even sicker was the fact that he'd enjoyed it.

What had he been thinking? Certainly not of waking up with her in the morning.

But it didn't matter. So what if they'd made love? The experience had been so passionate and intense, so all-consuming, it had kept them alive. Best to leave it at that.

Adelaide was beginning to stir. He felt his body react when her breast brushed his arm. Her softness brought memories of their earlier intimacy and a surprising desire for more. But he was in no hurry for her to achieve full awareness....

He'd tried to tell her he wasn't Mark, and she'd responded as if she understood. But who could say what was really registering and what wasn't?

He pressed a thumb and finger to his eyes. Then something else occurred to him. He could no longer hear the wind. Had the storm abated?

Maybe the worst was over. Maybe the rescue crews were on their way. If so, it wouldn't be long before they were both taken home, and then they could forget what had happened here.

Fresh air rushed in when he removed the piece of metal he'd wedged into the corner. As light streamed in with it, he felt a desperate urge to escape the confines of the cave-and the physical reminder of the line he'd crossed last night. But a groan told him Adelaide was awake. He glanced over to see her watching him warily.

"Tell me we didn't," she muttered.

Now that he could see her, it wasn't difficult to spot the dried blood on her right temple. She'd been hit by something and had probably suffered a concussion. That explained a lot about her behavior, making him especially glad he'd identified himself properly before taking their lovemaking all the way. "Now you're asking me for more lies?"

"Can't we consider it an extension?"

He would've smiled at the wryness of her response, but he was still worried that he might've gone too far last night. He wasn't exactly sure how it'd all happened. The passion was suddenly there. It had brought them together. Was it entirely his fault that they'd made love? He didn't think so. He remembered trying to stop himself, but she'd been pleading with him to continue.

Still, that bump on her head made him nervous.... "Works for me," he said, "as long as you understand the reality."

"Which is..."

"You need me to explain it?"

"I thought you were Mark."

"No, you wanted to think I was Mark, and I let you. There's a difference."

"So you were doing me a favor."

"That's a good way to look at it," he said with false cheer.

She rolled her eyes. "You're so self-sacrificing."

"As a public servant, I aim to please."

"Do you do those kinds of favors for all your constituents?"

"Now you're going to attack my reputation?"

She seemed to realize that she was being purposely contentious. "It's freezing," she said with a sigh. "Any chance we can seal the hole until we hear a helicopter?"

"You're kidding, right? We have to get out, do whatever we can to make it easy for the Civil Air Patrol to find us."

"Do you always have to be so big on reality?"

This time he did smile. "Put on your coat and crawl out so I can get mine."

She didn't answer. Neither did she move. "I can't believe it," she mumbled, and he knew she was busy replaying the "favor" he'd done her. He'd told her he loved her! But that was when he thought they'd never see daylight again.

"If it helps, we had no choice," he said. "If we hadn't gotten so...involved, we probably wouldn't be alive right now." Their activities had certainly warmed him.

"I didn't realize what I was doing."

He focused on widening the hole. "That scares me, and you know why. Are you going to keep it up?"

"No." She burrowed under the coats. "You might push me off a cliff if I do."

"I won't kill you after going through that just to save you." He grinned to himself.

"You're all heart."

When the hole was finally big enough to crawl through, he tossed the piece of metal he'd been using outside. "Are we going to stay in here and stress over the fact that we-" he wanted say "had sex" to make it as impersonal as possible, but what they'd done wasn't impersonal at all "-made love? Or can we forget about it, like we should, and move on?"

"You're willing to forget about it?" She popped her head out from under the clothes, seeming more embarrassed than angry. Maxim could understand why that might be the case. But he couldn't hold the request she'd made last night against her. He'd read about the disorientation that often resulted from a knock on the head, not to mention the effects of hypothermia. Without those two elements, he doubted she would've have been able to pretend. Playing the role of Mark had been a stretch for him, even in the physical sense. Her husband hadn't been much bigger than she was.

"I'm willing to forget about it," he said. "Are you getting out or not?"

"There's just one more thing."

He was sure he'd regret asking, but she'd piqued his curiosity. "And that is...?"

"What about birth control?"

"What about it?" He hadn't used any. It'd been so long since he'd had to worry about it that he didn't even own a condom, let alone carry one around in his wallet, which was in his briefcase on the plane, anyway. "Birth control hardly seemed important when I thought we were going to die."

"And now that we might live?"

It was taking on a whole new significance. "What are the chances?"

"Considering...everything, they could be pretty good."

Just what he wanted to hear. Not only had he made love to Adelaide Fairfax while letting her pretend he was Mark, he might've gotten her pregnant.

Shit... That was the absolute last thing he wanted. He loved his two children, but they were grown. And he and Adelaide weren't even friends.

Swallowing a sigh, he refrained from sharing those thoughts. He knew it was better not to show her how upset he'd be if their encounter resulted in a pregnancy. "I see."

"So...you didn't get fixed after you were finished having kids?" she asked.

There'd been no need. His wife had had her tubes tied during the cesarean section performed at Callie's birth. "No."

Adelaide's face fell. But a moment later, she set her jaw, and he knew he was looking at the shrewd business-woman who'd taken Fairfax Solar public. "Then I'll make you a deal."

Surprised by her sudden calm, he raised an eyebrow. "What's that?"

"You tell no one what happened up here..."

He liked it so far. "And..."

"And if I'm pregnant, you let me keep the baby and pretend it isn't yours."

He wasn't sure he'd be able to do that, not after being a parent and knowing what it was like. But there were other considerations he felt more comfortable voicing. "You're running for office. How will you explain a pregnancy when you're not married?"

"Maybe Mark made a deposit in a sperm bank before he died," she said with a shrug.

"Is it true?"

"No."

I love you. She'd been crying when she said that. Her emotion had reminded him of what he'd felt before his own marriage disintegrated, made him want to experience again that same level of intensity. "You regret not having children when you had the chance?"

"I never had the chance. Mark was infertile."

Maxim had always assumed it was her, that she'd been too wrapped up in her career to want a child. "You could've adopted."

"We were looking into it."

And then her husband had died.

"Anyway, I wouldn't have asked for this, wouldn't have planned it," she went on. "But if it's already happened because of last night-"

"Last night won't amount to anything," he interrupted.

"You don't know that."

"Let's wait until we're sure we have something to worry about before we start making difficult decisions. Right now, we need to concentrate on getting off this damn mountain."

"Help will arrive soon." She shoved her blond, shoulder-length hair out of her face and, for a moment, he was transfixed by her blue eyes. Even in this cave, he could make out their startling color. "With the storm over, Yosemite park rangers or...or CAP rescuers will be able to track the plane's emergency locator transmitter beacon," she said.

He wished he could be as confident. "If the signal went off."

"It went off. The ELT is activated automatically on impact."

"Not if it was cushioned by too much snow. And even if it went off, we're in some pretty rugged mountains, Adelaide."

Her full lips, which she'd used so artfully last night, twisted in distaste. "Don't call me that."

Offended by her tone, as well as her refusal to let him address her by her first name, he studied her-and tried to tell himself he didn't like what he saw. That what had taken place last night hadn't changed the way he felt.

"You can try to distance yourself all you want, but it won't change what happened. Anyway, as I was saying, the signal could easily bounce from ridge to ridge, making it difficult to track. Or maybe the fire burned so hot it destroyed the box containing the equipment. Even if that's not the case, the ELT is so far down the mountain, who knows what they'll think when they find it."

She curled up. "Surely they'll search above it."

"Maybe they will, if they have time before the next big storm. Regardless, we can't sit back and wait. We have to search for supplies, light some flares, make a fire, do anything and everything possible to survive another night, if it comes to that."

She didn't react to his mention of another night. "Is there any chance Mr. Cox is still alive?"

"None." He scowled to tell her he didn't want to be reminded of the pilot, but she didn't give up.

"You're sure?"

"I'm positive. But you can see for yourself. We have to hike down there. If anything's left of the plane, we might find some food. Eating and drinking will help us keep our body temperatures in the safe zone."

"Fine." She rubbed a hand over her face. "Where are my clothes?"

"They're wet. That's why I took them off."

Their eyes met, making him wonder if she was reliving the same memories he was.

"If you want me to thank you for that, I don't think I can," she said.

"I'm not asking for your thanks. Just answer one question."

"What's that?"

"Are men so interchangeable?"

A muscle flexed in her jaw. "I don't know what you mean."

"It seemed easy for you to accept a replacement."

"Well, it wasn't. It required a great deal of effort to block out your true identity. But I managed. Otherwise, I wouldn't have enjoyed it," she said, but she pulled her gaze away as if she feared he might read a different response in her eyes. Then she dragged her coat around her shoulders and crawled out-and he tried not to look at the bare bottom she accidentally flashed him as she wriggled through the opening.

CHAPTER SIX

ADELAIDE'S HANDS and feet were freezing, despite the sun. And her coat wasn't meant to be worn without a layer of clothing beneath. After three hours of struggling to get down the sheer cliff to where they thought they saw the shadow of the fuselage, she wished she'd braved putting on her wet bra and underwear. The rough wool fabric chafed, and since Maxim was leading the way, his hand often went up her coat to help her down. The descent was steep enough that she didn't complain about him touching her bare thighs-she wanted to feel secure during the climb-but she knew what he had to be seeing whenever he glanced up.

"This is humiliating," she grumbled.

"At least we're alive," he said.

"That's easy for you to say. I'm not staring at your ass every time I look up."

He laughed so freely it made him seem younger-and even handsomer, which was really something, since he was already one of the best-looking men she'd ever met. The media agreed; reporters often compared his charisma and appearance to John F. Kennedy, Jr.'s. Tall, dark and handsome, Maxim also came from money and was considered a real "catch."

"You don't have anything to say to that?" she asked when it became apparent he wasn't planning to continue the conversation.

He studied their options for farther descent. "I'm not stupid."

"What's that supposed to mean?"

"It means nothing I say is going to help. I can't say I don't mind seeing your bare ass or you'll think I'm getting some sort of sexual gratification out of it. And I can't say I do mind without making you even more self-conscious."

"It leaves me with no dignity."

He maneuvered onto a rock outcropping a few feet lower in elevation and turned back for her. "You had too much of that to begin with." His hand went up her coat again, and he gripped her thigh while she secured her footing.

"How can anyone have too much dignity?" she asked once she'd reached the ledge he was on. It was so cold that their breath appeared in small, foggy puffs.

"You manage it quite well."

She tilted up her chin. "You think I'm too stiff?"

"Not stiff, exactly. Unapproachable."

"Some people would say that about you."

"Those people don't know me."

"I could say the same."

"That's because no one knows you."

"I have friends," she argued.

He peered below. "Friends or acquaintances?"

"Friends! Franklin Salazar is my friend. I just received his endorsement, didn't I?"

"Franklin isn't your friend. I wouldn't even call him an acquaintance. He just liked your, ah, assets. Tough for a guy to compete with that."

"You're saying I got his endorsement because of my figure?"

He climbed down farther. "I'd be more specific, but you might slap me."

"He endorsed me because he knows I'll fix the damage you've caused since taking over," she snapped.

"You're kidding, right? It's taken me this long to clean up the mess your husband made."

She'd been waiting for his help, but now she didn't move. "Don't you dare talk about Mark! He's not here to defend himself."

He sighed. "Fine. Mark was perfect. It's just the rest of us bastards who have flaws." He blew on his hands. "Are you coming or not?"

"No."

"What's the matter?"

"I need my bra." He had all their clothes rolled up and fastened with his tie, which he'd hung around his neck and tossed over his shoulder so he could carry them as a bundle. She wasn't sure why he'd bothered bringing them along. She expected to be rescued before they had the chance to dry out. "Give me my panties, too," she added as an afterthought.

Lines of impatience appeared on his forehead. "Will you quit worrying about things that aren't important? I'm not so impressed with what you've got that I can't forget about it, okay? Your clothes are soaked."

The "I'm not so impressed with what you've got" stung more than it should have. "You didn't have any complaints last night."

"It was dark last night. It didn't matter whether it was you or anyone else in that cave."

Surprised by the harshness of his response, Adelaide blinked at him.

He seemed to soften but didn't apologize. Dropping to his knees, he found her bra and her lacy red Santa panties, her one concession to Christmas, and handed them to her.

She put them on while he retied the rest of their clothes. Her things were as wet as he'd said but she was already so cold and numb that she could barely tell the difference.

"Let's go." He stretched out an arm toward her, but she refused to lean on him any longer. He didn't owe her anything. Just because they were stranded together didn't mean they had to be friends.

Waving him away, she said, "Go ahead and see if you can find the plane. Or, better yet, find some help. I'll get there when I can."

He shook his head. "We should stay together."

"The blizzard's over. We'll be fine. Just tell them where they can find me if you reach them first."

"Adelaide-"

"Don't call me that," she said again. Every time he did she heard his voice from last night: You're the most beautiful woman I've ever laid eyes on. Even though she'd known it wasn't really Mark who'd whispered to her in the night, the use of her name had made those words personal. She'd believed they were spoken in sincerity. But that couldn't be true. Maxim didn't appreciate anything about her. The whole experience, every bit of it, had been staged for the benefit of survival.

"Well, regardless of what you prefer I call you, I'm not leaving you behind," he said. "So you have two choices. You can let me help you so we can travel faster-which is critical since the weather can change within minutes. Or you can climb down on your own and I'll wait a few yards ahead before continuing."

"Maybe I'll be the one waiting for you." Without giving him a chance to stop her, she started down from her side of the ledge.

It didn't turn out to be a good decision. All that white snow was blinding, and the canyon yawning so far beneath made her dizzy. But she felt for the safest toeholds she could find and kept moving. She didn't need Maxim Donahue; she didn't need anyone. Ever since her husband and parents had died, she'd learned how to soldier on alone.

"Adelaide, stop!" Maxim warned.

She ignored him, ignored everything except the tricky climb.

Staying where he was, he leaned over the ledge. "Look, if you want an apology, I'll apologize."

She wished he'd go down his own way and leave her the hell alone.

"I'm sorry, okay?" he called. "Will you hold still until I can reach you? You're scaring the shit out of me!"

That wasn't true, either. He only cared about himself. She would've told him so, except she was breathing too hard to speak. Clinging to the icy mountain took a lot of effort, more than she'd expected.

Spotting what appeared to be a fairly secure route, a path of bare rocks jutting out of the ice and snow, she paused for a moment to catch her breath. If she could get to the next plateau, she'd have a chance to rest and recover. Maybe she would prove that she was capable enough and Maxim would go on without her. Then she could sit and wait, or climb down at a more comfortable speed. Right now she felt the pressure to move quickly and efficiently, to show him she didn't need his help. But her fingers and toes were numb, and the wind kept whipping her hair into her eyes.

"Not that one! There's nowhere to go from there," he shouted.

She recoiled and glanced up to see him staring down at her with an intensity that told her he didn't think she'd make it.

"You're right...you-you might want to go the other way." She laughed as she clung to the mountain.

The wind howled through the canyon below. "You can do it," he said. "Just be careful. Those boots are too big for you."

She should've given them back. He was going to need them.

A dusting of snow fell on her as he moved. "One handhold at a time, okay?"

"I've got it," she breathed but she doubted he could hear. She was talking to herself. She had to make a small leap and hope she could reach the ledge. It was the only way to progress; she couldn't stay where she was. Her strength was running out.

Concentrate. Almost there... With a deep breath, she jumped.

She might've made it. Her fingers touched the edge of the rock, but before she could grab hold and pull herself up, a gust of wind made her coat balloon like an umbrella, throwing her off balance just enough that she grasped nothing but air.

MAXIM HAD NEVER FELT more helpless in his life. As Adelaide fell, she didn't scream. She didn't thrash around. She just slipped down the mountain and out of sight.

God, she even died with dignity.

He clenched his fists, hoping and waiting for some sign that he was wrong, that she was still alive. But he heard nothing except the words he'd spoken earlier, rattling clumsily in his head: I'm not so impressed with what you've got that I can't forget about it... It could've been anyone in that cave.

Turning his face toward the rocks, he squeezed his eyes shut. He'd caused this. She'd given her heart and soul last night because she'd been pretending he was Mark, and he'd thrown them right back in her teeth. But only because he couldn't justify what he'd felt as easily as she could. He'd had to acknowledge who it was moaning in his ear, and the eagerness of his reaction made him wonder if he'd ever hated her as much as he wished.

Forcing back the terror that made him colder inside than out, he scrambled down to the place where she'd fallen.

It was a difficult climb, but once he'd traveled ten feet or so, he could see beyond the bank of snow that had hidden her from view. She hadn't fallen all the way to the bottom; she was lying on an outcropping of rocks.

But she wasn't moving. She looked small and pale, as white as the surrounding snow, especially with her dark coat torn open to reveal the smooth skin he'd touched last night.

He spotted red almost immediately. Was that her underwear? Or was it blood?

The thought that it might be blood created a hard lump in Maxim's stomach, a lump that got heavier the closer he came to her. She was scratched up; he could see that easily enough. But...he watched for movement, any hint of life-and saw her hand twitch.

She might be badly hurt, but she wasn't dead. The minute he reached her, she opened her pretty blue eyes and said, "Did you come...for your boots?"

CHAPTER SEVEN

ADELAIDE FELT LIKE an idiot for causing Maxim and herself so much additional trouble. She'd let sensitivity and pride urge her to act rash and now she had scraped knees and an abrasion on her stomach to show for her icy slide down the mountain. Worse than that, she'd hurt her leg and could only limp, which meant she had to rely on him even more.

He didn't complain. He didn't say much of anything. He was too determined to get them to where they were going. Every hundred yards or so, he'd leave her in a safe spot, scout out what he planned to do next, then come back for her. She argued with him several times, insisting he take his boots and go. He could move so much faster without her and send the rescuers back, she told him. But he refused.

She was glad he hadn't relented when they finally found the plane. Although the fire and the crash had done significant damage, it wasn't as bad as she'd assumed it would be. The tail had been sheared off, leaving a jagged hole that exposed part of the interior, the nose was smashed and the charred walls and upholstery smelled terrible.

But there was some good news. They could climb inside to avoid the worst of the wind. They had the comfort of knowing that if there was a working emergency beacon, they were now much closer to it. And they could take Mr. Cox home with them and make sure he received a proper burial.

Not that Adelaide wanted to spend much time in close proximity to his remains. Maxim must've felt the same because he pulled the frozen corpse out and moved it some distance away.

The absence of that morbid reminder of what had almost happened to them-what could still happen-filled Adelaide with relief. Until she saw Maxim return wearing the pilot's snow boots and carrying his parka.

"Take off that wet coat and put this one on instead," he said, tossing it to her.

She slid over so it wouldn't brush against her as it landed, drawing a frown from him.

"We have to be practical or we won't make it." The gruffness of his voice told her he wasn't any happier about appropriating Cox's clothes for his own use. She couldn't fault him for doing it, but neither could she follow his suggestion. The idea of borrowing from the dead made her ill.

"He'd want you to have it," Maxim said.

"Why would he?" she asked. "He didn't even know me."

"As a pilot, he was responsible for your safety. And it's not as if he'll miss it."

She shook her head. She knew she was being impractical, but she couldn't help it. Her hand recoiled every time she tried to reach out. "No."

He studied her but didn't insist. A moment later, he started rummaging around, gathering up items that might prove useful.

Because the plane had landed upside down, Adelaide sat on one of the overhead compartments and removed Maxim's rubber boots so she could warm her toes. Her leg throbbed from her fall and her stomach growled with hunger, but if anything else hurt, she couldn't feel it. She was too cold.

"We're in luck," he said. "There's a lot of stuff here that didn't burn."

She thought they could use a little more luck, like a helicopter hovering overhead, but there was nothing to gain by being negative. So she kept her mouth shut.

Maxim made a few other comments as he searched the various compartments that would still open; Adelaide sat there quietly.

Finally, he stood as tall as he could in the cramped hull and waited until he had her full attention. "What're you thinking about?"

She eyed the parka. Mr. Cox lying in the snow without his coat. "I'm thinking this is some Christmas."

"How were you planning to spend the holidays?"

Adelaide hadn't decided. Since Mark's death she generally volunteered at a homeless shelter on Christmas morning, to remind herself that she should be grateful for what she had. Then she went to her former in-laws' for dinner. But visiting the Fairfaxes wasn't the same without Mark. His older brother had remarried and had an obnoxious stepson who loved to bait her on political issues. Mark's mother's health was deteriorating, so she was getting cranky and inflexible and spent most of the dinner berating her stepgrandson. And Mark's father remained as uncommunicative as ever. These days, Adelaide felt like a stranger when she went there. Until she got stranded and couldn't see anybody even if she wanted to, she'd actually been thinking she might work as if it were any other day. She'd told herself she'd get more done without all the interruptions. "With Mark's family, I guess."

"You're still close?"

"It's only been two and a half years." Only? Those two and a half years had seemed like an eternity. But that response saved her from having to answer more directly. They'd never been close; they were simply all she had. "What about you?" she asked.

"My kids are expecting me to be home."

"Do you have dinner at your place?"

"Yeah." He surprised her with a disarming smile. "I'm hoping I've got a few more years before either of them marry and Christmas becomes a negotiation."

Adelaide could picture the domesticity of the scene-the roaring fire, the eggnog served in wineglasses, the laughter over dinner-and had to suppress a twinge of jealousy. The Donahues no longer had Chloe, which was heartbreaking. But they still had one another. "Who does the cooking?"

"I've hired someone to help."

"A woman?"

He glanced at her. "Yeah, a woman. Does it matter?"

She wasn't sure why it seemed important to clarify that. "I've just...had trouble finding the right person to help me with the same kind of thing," she said, but she didn't really need anyone to cook or clean. She wasn't home long enough to get her house dirtier than what the maid service could manage each Saturday. The dry cleaner handled most of the laundry. And it didn't make sense to hire a cook for one person who was gone most of the time and had a microwave available when she wasn't. She'd just thought it would be nice to have someone waiting for her at the end of the day.

She'd once interviewed a few applicants, but it seemed far too pathetic to pay for a warm smile, a "welcome home" and a TV companion. So she usually stayed at her office until she was too tired to do anything except listen to the news before bed.

"A friend recommended her to me," he explained.

"She doesn't mind working on Christmas?"

"Look what I found!" He held up a first-aid kit.

"That's great," she said, but she didn't see how a few bandages would make much difference to them. Either they'd be rescued before they froze to death-or they wouldn't.

He rooted around some more while she continued to ponder the woman who cooked his Christmas dinner.

"So...does she?" she asked when the conversation lapsed.

He was on his stomach, riffling through a compartment that was so smashed he couldn't get much out. "Does she what?"

"Mind working on Christmas Day."

"I guess not. She doesn't have to. It's her choice."

"Doesn't she have family of her own?"

"She's never been married."

Adelaide's feet were beginning to tingle and burn. They hurt-but she hoped the return of sensation was a good sign. "Does she eat with you, too?"

"Yeah. Then we exchange gifts and she goes to visit some distant relatives."

Adelaide drew her knees to her chest. There was something about this cook woman that bothered her, but she couldn't put her finger on why. "So you get her a gift?"

"Of course. Wouldn't you?" He groaned as he strained to pull out a blanket.

"How old is she?"

"Maybe if I had a hatchet..."

"How old is she?" Adelaide repeated.

"At least twenty-five."

"So she's not matronly Alice from The Brady Bunch."

He laughed. "Definitely not."

Definitely not? "What'd you get her this year?"

"I'm not sure. I think my daughter picked out a nice purse."

"Nice" meant expensive, at least in Maxim Donahue's vocabulary. Adelaide had never seen him wear anything that wasn't the best money could buy. She wondered what this young housekeeper would think of receiving a Gucci or Dolce bag. "Sounds like she does a fine job."

He didn't answer. He'd found a box of matches and was trying to light one. "Damn, they're ruined."

No fire. No heat. No help.

Adelaide pressed the heels of her hands to her eyes and brought the conversation back to Christmas dinner. "What time do you usually eat?"

"Midafternoon. You?"

She ignored the question. "That means she stays with you most of the day."

He straightened as much as possible in the upside-down aisle of the shattered plane. "Why are you so interested in my housekeeper?"

Adelaide pulled her coat tighter. "It just seems...like an odd situation."

"It's not odd. She cooks and I pay her."

"And she spends most of her Christmas with you, even though she's only twenty-five!"

He angled his head to look at her through the crack between two suspended seats. "Okay, now I see where you're going. But don't get too excited, Candidate Fairfax. You'll have nothing to report to the press when we get back, because I'm not having an affair with the hired help."

"I'm not digging for dirt!"

"Then why would you care if my housekeeper is young, attractive and unmarried?"

Adelaide forgot about her prickling feet. "You didn't tell me she was attractive."

"Well, she is."

"How attractive?"

Victory lit his eyes. "My housekeeper, Rosa, is nearly three hundred pounds, at least fifty-five years old and stays with us because she's supposed to. She's live-in help. Except for the relatives I mentioned, the rest of her family remained in Chile when she immigrated-legally-thirty-five years ago."

Adelaide rocked back. "You set me up! What a jerk!"

A wicked grin curved his lips. "You knew it was me last night and you enjoyed it, anyway, didn't you?"

"I don't know what you're talking about," she grumbled.

"In the cave," he said. "I'm saying there were moments you enjoyed our lovemaking even knowing I wasn't Mark. You-"

"Stop it." She scowled. "You're deluded."

He lowered his voice. "Am I?"

"Of course." She met his eyes because she wanted him to believe her; she wanted to believe what she was saying, too. Crediting all that passion to fantasy made everything so much...simpler. But she was having too many flashbacks. His hands cupping her face with palms too large to be Mark's. His mouth on her breast, warming her just when she thought she'd never be warm again. The sounds he'd made, the words he'd whispered. It was all unique to him.

"Would it hurt so much to admit it?" he asked.

She didn't answer.

"I knew it was you," he added.

"But it could've been anyone, remember?"

An expression of chagrin wiped the subtly coaxing smile from his face. "Could've been, but wasn't."

"I thought we decided to forget about last night, pretend it never happened."

"Some of us are better at pretending than others," he muttered. He was trying to hang a blanket across the opening to keep out the snow and cold.

"Was there a lot of blood?" she asked as she watched him.

"I don't know what you're talking about."

"Mr. Cox."

The blanket he'd anchored on one end fell, forcing him to start over. "No."

"What killed him?"

He sighed but shifted to the other side. "A head injury, I think. I didn't want to look too closely."

She could understand that. He was wearing the man's boots. "Right."

"We have a total of four blankets. Well, three," he corrected, "if you don't include this one."

"That's better than none," she said, but she couldn't manage any enthusiasm. She had yet to hear the swoop of a helicopter, which meant the Civil Air Patrol or whoever was out there searching for them, probably wouldn't make it today. Temperatures were falling as it grew dark. And the wind was picking up.

Remembering the hopelessness they'd faced immediately following the crash, she shivered. In an hour or so they'd lose what little sunlight they had.

"What time is it?" she asked.

He checked his watch. "Almost four."

They'd been in subzero weather for nearly twenty-four hours. "How're your feet?"

"I don't know," he said with a shrug. "I can't feel them. What about yours?"

"They burn." She chafed them, hoping to relieve the pain. "Did you ever hear about that little boy, back in the eighties, who survived in these mountains for five days? He did it alone. Both his parents died on impact."

"I'd rather not remember that, thanks."

"He made it out. They found him."

"He lost his legs."

"He's now a successful businessman."

"So you were being optimistic in bringing it up?"

No, she was considering how she'd deal with something so traumatic, if she could deal with it. "Here, let me help-"

He lifted a hand. "Stay where you are and keep covered."

"But it's snowing again." Which would make the crash site that much harder to spot, even if rescuers could get a helicopter in the sky.

"Other than hunkering down in here, there's nothing we can do-at least not until morning." He finally managed to block most of the opening, which cut down on the wind. "We'll be okay," he said over his shoulder as he finished.

She nodded, but that wasn't enough for him. Squeezing through the narrow passage, he crouched in front of her and raised her chin so she had to meet his eyes. "We'll be okay...Adelaide." The way he said her name made it a challenge. He wanted to see if she'd object to his use of it, but she didn't. It still brought memories she'd rather forget, but he'd done too much for her; she had no right to complain about anything.

"Okay."

A day's beard growth-something she'd never seen on him before-covered his lower jaw, and his hair fell across his forehead in windblown tufts. She liked him this way. In a suit, he was too suave, too perfect, too...formidable. Or maybe it was just that she preferred a more rugged form of masculinity because she dealt with men in suits every day.

"Great."

"I- Let's take inventory, see what we have." She pulled out of his grasp.

He didn't immediately move. She could feel his gaze lingering on her but pretended not to, and he eventually turned to his cache. "We've got a sleeping bag, some wool blankets, a pair of snowshoes, two boxes of matches-which are no good because they got wet-half a dozen colored smoke bombs-which we can't light because we don't have matches-and rations."

"Rations?" Adelaide didn't think she'd ever been so hungry.

"Looks like military stuff."

"So it's freeze-dried?"

"Some of it." He opened a brown cardboard box the size of a large shoe box. "We've got bottled water, Cup-a-Soup, hot-chocolate mix, biscuits, cooked rice, granola bars, crackers and cheese, chewing gum, chicken pate, orange-drink powder, a tin of tuna fish, fruit snacks, pork and beans and some condiments."

"That's a lot to fit in a box that size."

"They're not the largest portions I've ever seen." He slanted it so she could take a peek inside. "But we should have enough."

Maybe. That depended on how long they had to survive out here.

CHAPTER EIGHT

THEY'D EATEN THE PORK and beans for dinner and then drank some water, but now that the sun had gone down, they sat in the pitch-black, chewing gum and talking to keep their spirits up. Adelaide was across the aisle from him in the sleeping bag. He was wrapped in the blankets. But it was getting so incredibly cold he knew they'd soon have to huddle together. He would've suggested it already. They'd both be more comfortable if they gave in and made the most of what they had in each other. But he was afraid she'd assume he was using their situation as an excuse to touch her again, probably because he wanted to touch her again and shut out the desperation of their situation, the same way they had last night.

"Do you miss her?" It was Adelaide who broke the silence that had fallen since Maxim had said he didn't think this storm would be as bad as the last one. The rising wind seemed to contradict him, but he felt it was more important to remain positive than to acknowledge reality.

"Who?" His mind was on his girls and whether or not they'd been notified that he hadn't reached L.A. Megan and Callie were in school at San Diego State, but they'd be home next week, just in time for Christmas.

"Chloe," she said.

Her mention of his late wife drew him back to the conversation. "Why do you want to know?"

"I guess I'm wondering whether you're as impervious as you seem."

Impervious wasn't the right word. But this wasn't a subject he had any desire to discuss, so he tried to dodge it by answering her question with one of his own. "What do you think?"

"It's hard to tell. You don't reveal much emotion. Unless you're angry. I can always tell when you're angry."

He hadn't realized she watched him closely enough to be aware of his personal habits. He'd made an art out of pretending he didn't notice her. For the most part, he even tried to convince himself of that. What she called "anger" was actually frustration, because he felt envious of a man he didn't even respect.

"How can you tell?"

"There's a muscle in your jaw that tightens, and your eyes glitter with hate," she said.

Not hate-determination. She was wrong again. But at least he wasn't as transparent as he sometimes feared. "When have I been angry around you?"

"You're always angry when you're around me," she said with a laugh.

Apparently, she had no idea how hard he worked not to betray the fact that he was attracted to her. When they were in a room together, he had difficulty looking anywhere else. It was as if he could feel every breath she took, no matter how many people were crowded between them. It wasn't until she'd decided to run against him that he'd begun to dislike her. When she jumped into the race, he'd been almost as relieved as he'd been worried.

"I think you're mistaking preoccupation for anger." He tried to sound as indifferent as possible.

"Maybe."

He couldn't tell if she believed him or not.

"Are you going to answer my question?" she asked.

"About Chloe?"

"Yes."

"I miss her for the sake of my children." He hoped that would suffice. When it came to his late wife, his emotions were too confused to analyze. Her perpetually negative outlook had made him unhappy. But they'd had children before their marriage completely fell apart so he'd decided to stick it out in spite of her instability and neediness. And then she'd been diagnosed with cancer and somehow he'd felt responsible, as if wishing to be rid of her had made it come to pass. Trying to turn pity and compassion into love hadn't succeeded. He'd fallen short, been unable to do it, even for his children. Sometimes he still felt as though he wore a scarlet letter on his chest-a C for callous.

"You weren't in love with her."

"My decision to stay with her had nothing to do with my political aspirations, if that's what you're driving at."

"You stayed because of Megan and Callie?"

He doubted she'd believe him, but it was the truth. "Yes."

"That's how you made carrying on after her death look so easy."

Guilt washed over him. He hadn't been capable of mourning Chloe the way he'd wanted to, the way a husband should mourn the loss of his wife, especially one who'd died in such sad circumstances. He'd never even hinted that she was a burden. And yet he couldn't deny that there were moments when he recalled how much she'd changed after the birth of their second child, how difficult she'd become, and was glad to have her gone. She must have known he was merely tolerating her or she wouldn't have taken her own life.

What did that say about him?

"Just because we didn't share the same closeness you and Mark did doesn't mean it was easy to watch her suffer. When I learned what she was facing, I would've traded places with her if I could."

She didn't respond right away. When she spoke, she didn't question what he'd said, as he expected. She made an admission. "Mark and I were having problems when he died, too."

The frank honesty of those words surprised him. Did she know about Mark? Did she suspect? "What kind of problems?"

"I'm not sure exactly. He got so wrapped up in politics he grew almost...secretive." She gave an awkward laugh. "I was beginning to wonder if he was seeing another woman."

It wasn't another woman that'd taken Mark away, but Maxim had no plans to divulge what he knew, especially to Adelaide. He remained silent.

"I felt he was forgetting everything we'd promised each other, you know? Everything we'd once been to each other. We'd started off so strong, had so much fun together."

Being aware of the truth made it awkward to talk about Mark, but it didn't stop the jealousy that sprang up out of nowhere. "He was probably just busy, stressed," Maxim muttered. "You know how it is in politics."

"You think so?" she asked as if she valued his opinion.

He knew what she wanted to hear. "Of course," he said but winced at the lie. Only a fool would cheat on a woman like Adelaide, but Mark had been a fool, and more.

As it grew noticeably colder, Maxim thought about getting in that sleeping bag with her. He wanted to keep her warm, but it felt as though they were the only two people on earth, and that made barriers of propriety hard to maintain. It was difficult to worry about tomorrow when he wasn't sure he'd make it through today.

He talked about the election, what the governor must think now that they'd gone missing, what they'd be doing if they'd stayed in Tahoe, what his girls were taking in school. He was trying to keep their minds off the cold, but it wasn't long before she interrupted.

"Are...are you g-going to stay over there all n-night?"

Her teeth were starting to chatter. He couldn't let her lose too much body heat before joining her in that bag, but he was afraid his body would give away the fact that the intimacy they'd shared before hadn't been strictly a matter of necessity. He'd wanted to make love to Adelaide Fairfax for a long time. He'd even dreamed about it on occasion-like after that chamber mixer they'd both attended in Roseville a couple of weeks ago.

"I'll come over in a minute," he said.

"Okay."

He waited for his arousal to disappear, but every time it did, the thought of joining her brought it back.

"Maxim?"

He was leaning forward, resting his head in his hands. "Yeah?"

"W-what about now?"

He knew that asking required her to sacrifice her pride. She'd rather pretend she didn't need him. For some reason, she tried not to need anybody.

Busy contemplating what to do, he didn't respond, which prompted her to ask, "Hey, are you still there?"

At the panic in her voice, he closed his eyes. "Of course I'm here," he said and took her hand. "I'm not going anywhere."

"Oh. Right." He expected her to let go, but she didn't. She wound her fingers through his. "But...you d-don't want to sh-share this bag with me?"

What the hell, he decided. Why worry about an erection? If he wasn't hard already, he would be the second he touched her.

"Sure." Silently cursing his unmistakable reaction to her, he felt his way over. With the dampness that seemed to permeate everything, their clothes hadn't had a chance to dry. He was still in his boxers and she was in her underwear, but he stripped off his coat and Cox's boots and climbed in. Then he used the blankets to cover the bag.

AT FIRST, ADELAIDE WAS timid about curling up against Maxim. They remained stiff, lying next to each other without speaking or moving. But as the minutes passed, she snuggled closer, eventually wrapping her arms around him. She could feel his erection pressing boldly against her abdomen-everything about Maxim Donahue was bold-but she didn't react to his arousal. And he kept his hands to himself, letting her take what she wanted from his body without asking for anything in return.

Adelaide tried to be appeased by that, but she quickly realized one-sided cuddling wasn't very satisfying. "Do you think you could act a little less...unwilling to be here?" she whispered.

He complied by shifting so she could lie on his shoulder, and she grew warm. She expected him to relax and drift off to sleep, but he didn't. His erection remained firm and ready, an ever-present reminder of what they'd shared last night. Soon she caught herself changing positions so she could feel the pressure of it.

"Adelaide?" He spoke her name gruffly.

"Yes?"

"Any chance you could hold still?"

"Sure," she said, embarrassed. But her embarrassment lasted only as long as her restraint. Reckless abandon seemed to be taking over. It started with a burning sensation low in her belly and was spreading through her veins, making her heart beat faster and faster, urging her to get on top of him....

"They'll be here in the morning." His voice sounded strangled, and she could feel the muscles in his arms and shoulders bunch as she straddled him.

"What if they're not?" she whispered, moving to make the contact even more erotic. She knew what he wanted, and she was willing to give it to him. Why was he so reluctant? It wouldn't be their first time....

"They will be," he insisted.

"This could be our last night on earth."

She thought he understood her point when his hands slid lower, curved possessively around her bu**ocks. But then he said, "I can't pretend to be Mark again. If I make love to you, it'll be because you want me, not him."

So that was the problem.

Suddenly, all the desire that'd been pounding through her drained away. Not because she expected Maxim to be someone he wasn't. She hadn't been thinking about Mark. She'd been eagerly exploring a body that was nothing like her late husband's. She'd forgotten all about him.

But that was exactly what was bothering her. She couldn't believe it was possible to forget him so easily, especially with his worst enemy.

Sliding off Maxim, she turned away, trying to figure out how she could be so disloyal to the one man she'd promised to love forever.

CHAPTER NINE

HE'D DONE THE RIGHT thing, Maxim told himself. Their lovemaking would have no meaning if she was merely pretending again, and he wanted her too badly for a meaningless encounter. But that didn't stop the disappointment that rolled through him when she moved off him.

It's better this way. Why, he couldn't say from one second to the next, not with her rear pressed into his lap, which seemed to interfere with his thinking. But he tried to believe he'd made the ethical choice. The night would pass. They'd get home. And then he'd be glad he exercised some restraint.

Meanwhile the minutes dragged by like hours and he couldn't relax, couldn't sleep. He kept replaying those few moments after she'd asked him to hold her. She'd been so eager to touch him, so eager for him to touch her. She'd even climbed on top of him! Why had he forced her to reconsider?

Because he was trying to be fair. Because he'd wanted her to offer herself without any coaxing...

Closing his eyes, he struggled to shut out the appealing scent of her hair, but it filled his nostrils every time he drew a breath. Had she gone to sleep? He was pretty sure she had. She hadn't moved in a long time, ever since she'd turned her back to him.

Confident that she wouldn't know the difference, he allowed himself to curve more fully around her. He wanted to touch her breast but didn't go that far. He merely kissed her bare shoulder.

"I'm sorry," he murmured, but he wasn't sure why he was apologizing. For being unable to accept less than everything she had to give? For knowing that the man she loved with such devotion was a liar? For his outspoken criticism of Mark, which had put her on that plane in the first place?

Maybe he was apologizing for it all.

PALE TENDRILS OF LIGHT threaded their way through the windows of the Cessna's carcass. It was morning. It had been for some time, but Adelaide remained still. She didn't want to wake Maxim. She preferred to luxuriate in the secure feeling of his arm anchoring her to him and the memory of him kissing her shoulder last night.

I'm sorry. Why had he felt the need to apologize? He hadn't done anything more to her than she'd done to him. They'd both been slinging insults over the past several months. Besides, the race didn't seem to matter anymore.

So what had motivated those softly uttered words? They were so...uncharacteristic of him. He was tough, demanding, uncaring, ambitious-wasn't he?

Definitely. But if that was all he was, why would he care whether or not she pretended he was someone else? Was it pride?

She'd chosen to think so, until his apology had made her reevaluate. She hadn't been able to categorize it under any of the bad qualities she'd assigned to him. She was convinced he wouldn't have said what he had if he'd realized she was awake.

So who was Maxim Donahue? Was he really as bad as she believed him to be?

Moving carefully, she maneuvered herself to face him. He didn't wake; he just stirred, then drew her against him as if they were regular and familiar lovers.

She laid her ear on his chest and listened to his heartbeat, praying that the steady rhythm would soon be drowned out by the rotary blades of a rescue copter. But she was afraid rescuers wouldn't be able to spot them. Judging by the obscure quality of the light, the latest snowfall had nearly buried the plane. Was the emergency transmitter working? Was the storm over?

It was crucial that they get up and do everything possible to make their position more visible. But if rescuers arrived today, these might be the last few minutes she'd ever spend in such intimacy with Maxim Donahue.

She didn't want to trade them away too soon....

"You okay?" he asked.

Apparently, her movement had awakened him, after all.

She tilted her head back to see his face. The shadow on his cheeks had darkened with another day's beard, making him look less like the man she'd spent the past months disliking and more like the man she was coming to know in a whole new way. "We made it through another night," she said.

"I told you we would. How's your leg?"

It'd been sore since she injured it, but preparing the wrecked plane as a shelter hadn't required much effort from her. Although she was fine for now, she was pretty sure her injury would complain more loudly when they got out and starting digging. "I'll live. Well, maybe," she added with a laugh. "How'd you sleep?"

"I've had more restful nights. You ready to get up?"

She didn't answer. Instead, she held his face between her hands and stared into his eyes as she ran a thumb over his lips. "Did you mean it?" she breathed.

A certain wariness entered his expression. "Mean what?"

"That I'm the most beautiful woman you've ever laid eyes on?"

He said nothing.

"Or was that part of the act?"

He looked away. "What does it matter?"

"It matters."

When his gaze returned to hers, she no longer needed verbal confirmation. She could see it in his eyes. The always-in-control, forever-aloof Maxim Donahue had lifted the mask he normally wore to let her see the passion that simmered behind his cool exterior. And that sent an intoxicating flood of warmth and desire flowing through her.

Moving slowly, so he could stop her if he wanted, she pressed her lips to his.

They were warm and dry at first, but then they parted and his tongue met hers.

Someone moaned. She was almost positive it was her. But he moaned, too, the moment his hands found her br**sts. He pulled off her bra so he could caress her, and she closed her eyes as his mouth left hers to trail small kisses down her throat.

MAXIM COULDN'T HEAR for the pounding of his heart. Until the crash, he hadn't been with a woman since Chloe-and their lovemaking had lost its luster years before she was diagnosed. He felt younger than he'd felt in a very long time, more excited than he could ever remember. Somehow, nothing seemed to matter except being with Adelaide.

"You feel...amazing," he murmured.

She was breathing too hard to answer; the rapid rise and fall of her chest told him that. But she wasn't unresponsive. Her hands clutched his hair, guiding his mouth to her breast, and he groaned again when he realized she tasted as good as she felt.

He shoved her panties to her knees so he could eventually move lower. But he wasn't quite ready for that. Lightly pinning her down, he explored more leisurely what he'd rushed through the night before.

"What is it you want?" he whispered when she began to writhe against him, gasping. "Tell me, Adelaide, and I'll give it to you."

"You know...what I want."

He was hoping to hear his name. "Tell me, or I'll stop." He held his hand still, as if he'd make good on the threat, and she took his mouth in a fierce kiss.

"I want you, okay? I want you," she said against his lips.

"Now?" he teased.

She gulped for breath. "Now!"

Somehow, in the tightness of that sleeping bag, he managed to get rid of his boxers. He had no idea when or where they went. The same was true of her panties. Then he and Adelaide were touching and tasting each other in a frenzy like he'd never experienced.

The next few minutes didn't last as long as he would've liked. They were too desperate for each other. But never in his life had he enjoyed five minutes more.

Adelaide didn't say what he'd been longing to hear, not even when he had her trembling on the brink of climax-but it wasn't much later that they heard the helicopter.

ADELAIDE SAT in the backseat of the chopper across from Maxim. She had a blanket wrapped around her and was staring out the window at the swirling snow. The pilot and his partner had said they'd found them just when they were about to turn back. Apparently, the ELT had gone off but had stopped working after only a few minutes, and the severity of the storm system hadn't allowed them to search more than three hours yesterday, two this morning. If the Cessna hadn't fallen into such a wide crevice, the helicopter wouldn't have had room to land or time to wait for them to climb down into the clearing. The rescuers hadn't even been able to recover Cox. It was too risky to go after him until the current storm had passed.

That news hadn't made Adelaide happy. She'd argued that they should take Cox to his family right now. But once it started to snow, she seemed to realize the helicopter pilot was right and let the subject go. The truth was, they were damn lucky-lucky to be alive, lucky to have gotten out when they did, lucky to be home in time for Christmas.

Maxim hoped his girls hadn't assumed the worst. He hated the thought of what they must have suffered, believing he was dead. They'd already lost their mother.

The wind tossed the helicopter like a cheap toy. Feeling airsick, Maxim glanced over to see how Adelaide was coping with the bumpy flight and noticed how tightly she clasped her hands in her lap. She didn't speak, didn't complain, but she was clearly nervous. After what they'd been through, he didn't blame her. He was anxious, too.

Briefly, he considered trying to comfort her by squeezing her arm but refrained. She wouldn't even look at him. Now that they'd been rescued, neither of them knew what to think of the time they'd spent together-or the physical intimacy between them. The fact that they hadn't used birth control seemed far more important now than it had before, however. Was Adelaide carrying his baby? Was she worried that she might be? What would they do if she was?

Closing his eyes to shut out the blinding white of the snow, which made him dizzy, he told himself there was no use worrying until he knew for sure, and tried to put it out of his mind.

"We'll be down in ten minutes," the pilot announced, speaking through the earphones he'd given each of them.

"Sounds good to me," Maxim responded and the guy in the passenger seat sent him a thumbs-up.

Adelaide didn't comment. But she thanked the pilot once they landed. She shook Maxim's hand and politely thanked him, too-as if they were still professional acquaintances. Then a paramedic helped her across the tarmac to an ambulance.

There was a second ambulance waiting for Maxim. Although he would've preferred to ride along with Adelaide, it made sense for him to have his own transportation. As opponents, they shouldn't share an ambulance or anything else.

They should never have been on that plane together.

But, except for what had happened to the pilot, Maxim couldn't bring himself to regret it.

CHAPTER TEN

HARVEY SILLINGER SLAPPED a file folder on Maxim's desk. "Now you've got to do it," he said, his eyes burning with exhilaration.

Maxim scowled at the intrusion. This was his first day back at work since the crash. He wasn't sure he was ready to deal with his campaign manager's intense personality. Christmas was in three days-his daughters would be arriving tomorrow. He'd wanted to spend a few quiet hours at campaign headquarters clearing off his desk before the new year. He'd thought he'd be able to do that when he walked in at eight and found Harvey so absorbed in a telephone conversation that he barely grunted hello. They'd already spoken several times since the rescue, had nothing pressing to discuss, and Harvey was the only one in the office. Maxim's other employees and volunteers were off for the holidays.

It should've been a low-key, catch-up morning, but nothing about his campaign manager was ever low-key. A longtime political veteran, Harvey lived to one-up his opponents. That was initially why Maxim had hired him. He'd wanted a heavy hitter and had planned to do all he could to retain his senate seat. Maybe he'd even wanted to prove something to Adelaide. But he was learning that Harvey had no sense of when he'd gone too far.

"What are you talking about?" Maxim asked.

Harvey motioned toward the file next to the mini Christmas tree some volunteer had placed on his desk. "I have the e-mails," he stated with obvious satisfaction.

Maxim could guess where this was going, but he'd already told his campaign manager that he didn't want to follow up on what they'd uncovered about Mark Fairfax. He was even more reluctant to hurt Adelaide now than he'd been before-for reasons he refused to disclose to Harvey and preferred not to think about himself. "Tell me this has nothing to do with Mark Fairfax."

"You're kidding, right?" Short and stocky but bursting with frenetic energy, Harvey leaned closer and lowered his voice. "I have correspondence here that proves Fairfax was having a very sordid affair when he died-" he paused for effect "-with a male intern."

"Oh, God," Maxim muttered and dragged a hand over his face.

Harvey thumped the file, nearly knocking the Christmas tree to the floor. "Fairfax sent these messages to a boy of eighteen," he said as he caught it. "They're so explicit there's no way anyone can argue about what was going on." He chuckled. "Read them yourself. He had one hell of a dirty mind. It'll be a shock to everyone."

Especially Adelaide. "Why are you still at this?" Maxim asked, rising to his feet. "I told you I didn't want to know any more about Fairfax. We're running this campaign, my campaign, on the issues."

Harvey stiffened, glaring at him. "A political campaign is never about the issues. You know that. At least you did when I came on. It's a sales job, pure and simple. And I'm the best salesman in the business."

"Then sell-but forget Fairfax."

"You're saying personal integrity isn't an issue?"

"The man's dead!" Maxim said. "The only person this will hurt is the wife he left behind!"

"You mean the wife who's trying to take your job?" Harvey yelled. "Who just stole the Salazar endorsement? You hired me to win this campaign and now you're tying my hands? I don't get it! You're the one who came to me with the tip on Fairfax. You're the one who wanted me to see if there was anything to it."

Maxim had received a voice-mail message from an anonymous caller who'd accused Fairfax of a lot of things, including bribery and a vague charge of sexual misconduct. Maxim had been interested in finding out whether or not he'd taken bribe money from some of the developers in the state. He knew it would reveal why Mark had changed positions and thrown his support behind certain projects. But he'd never expected the crazy accusation of sexual misconduct to take them where it had. A homosexual affair with a boy of eighteen? "I wanted to prove he was corrupt, but-"

"But we found something even more damning!"

"More sensational isn't necessarily more damning."

"Everyone takes bribes these days. Not everyone plays hide the salami with teenage boys."

"Stop it." Maxim scowled, but Harvey wouldn't back off.

"He solicited sex from the young men who volunteered to work for him. That's big news, Maxim, and people need to know."

The "need to know" line warned Maxim that Harvey was out of control. "The man's dead," he reiterated. "No one needs to know anything about-" he gestured at the file "-this."

Harvey began to stalk around the room. "I can't believe it! I thought you were reluctant because you didn't want to be perceived as desperate, grasping at straws, lowering yourself by accusing a dead man."

Maxim had said all that and more, but keeping what Mark did a secret had always been about Adelaide, not the campaign.

"I thought you wanted me to pull back because we didn't have enough proof," Harvey went on. "So I get you proof, unimpeachable proof. This puts Fairfax and his widow right in our crosshairs. And you're not happy about it? What am I missing here?"

Maxim shoved the file away and managed to knock the Christmas tree off the desk himself. "No, I'm not happy. I want you to shred every last e-mail and wipe away whatever's on your computer. And don't you dare breathe a word of this to anyone." This time he leaned forward. "I mean it, Harvey."

Apparently realizing that he wouldn't relent, Harvey stopped pacing. "I'm only doing my job."

"Your job is to help me win."

"Without this, you'll lose. You're giving her every advantage!"

Maxim threw up his hands. "Then so be it!"

Shaking his head, Harvey kicked the miniature Christmas tree to the other side of the room. "I'm out of here. Why sully my reputation with a loss that we could easily avoid?"

Clenching his jaw in an attempt to control his temper, Maxim carefully modulated his voice. "Harvey, it's Christmastime. Don't you have family somewhere? Can't you just...take a few days off?"

Harvey propped his hands on his hips. "Do you think you might change your mind if I do?"

Maxim imagined Adelaide hearing about her late husband's g*y affair and knew changing his mind was out of the question. "No."

"Then why bother?"

"We might be able to strategize other ways to succeed."

"No. I don't pull punches, even if my opponent is a woman. I'm not that sexist," he said with a sneer. "And I can't stay if you won't use the advantage I'm giving you."

Maxim shoved a hand through his hair. Harvey was giving him an ultimatum? "Innocent people will be hurt, Harvey."

"The blame for that lies with Fairfax, not me." He reached for the file he'd dropped on Maxim's desk but Maxim snatched it up before he could touch it.

"No way are you taking this."

With a curse, Harvey turned on his heel and marched out.

"You'd better keep what you've found on Fairfax to yourself," Maxim called after him, but Harvey made no commitment one way or the other. He collected his briefcase and slammed his office door as he left.

Maxim sank into his chair. Would he read about Mark Fairfax and the intern in the paper tomorrow? Harvey had to have some way-favorable to himself, of course-of explaining why he was no longer heading up the Donahue campaign.

So where did that leave Adelaide?

ADELAIDE SPENT MONDAY morning shopping, which was what she'd done during the weekend, too. She was filling Sub-for-Santa orders for a local charity. She still had some difficulty getting around on her injured leg, but at least it was merely bruised and not broken. Shopping gave her something to do. After being stranded in the mountains with Maxim, she didn't feel like going right back to work. She'd decided to take two weeks to focus on the holidays, to allow her mind a rest from the campaign and the confusion she felt now that she knew Maxim better. Before the crash, winning that senate seat had meant everything to her. It'd given her a reason to go on. Now she wasn't even sure she wanted to stay in the race. But with so many people counting on her, she couldn't withdraw and lay off all her employees, especially at Christmas. Besides, she didn't know what she'd do with herself if she didn't spend the next months campaigning. She'd already bowed out of her solar business, put Rhonda Cummings, who'd worked with her for years, in charge, and Rhonda was doing a fine job.

Maybe she'd continue-but at a less frantic pace. If she didn't win the primary in June, she wouldn't be disappointed. She actually preferred Maxim to win. Now that she knew him and liked him, it was easier to forgive the comments he'd made about Mark's lackluster performance. He'd misjudged Mark. He didn't know him that well.

So would she go back to the solar business? That seemed the logical choice, but the idea didn't excite her and certainly wouldn't make Rhonda happy.

Maybe it was time to do some traveling. She'd always wanted to see Europe, Australia, Alaska. She'd pictured Mark at her side, but maybe Ruby, her former neighbor and closest friend, would want to go.

No, Ruby had just opened a dress boutique downtown. She couldn't leave it.

Once again, Adelaide seemed to find herself in no-man's-land....

Her cell phone rang as she was standing in line to buy a video game system. Setting her bags on the floor so she could reach her purse, she fished out her phone and checked caller ID.

She didn't recognize the number but answered, anyway. "Hello?"

"Adelaide?"

Maxim. She would've known his voice anywhere. "Yes?"

"How are you?"

"Better. You?" She tightened her grip on the phone. Crazy as it was, she'd missed him. He hadn't contacted her since they'd been home.

"I'm okay, I guess. Listen, do you have plans for tonight?"

She might've thought he was asking her out. She'd been yearning to hear from him. But the reluctance in his voice made her leery of assuming too much. She sensed that he didn't want to be making this call. "Is this where you try to convince me to drop out of the race?" she teased.

The question seemed to take him by surprise, as if it hadn't occurred to him. "Are you open to that?"

"Probably not."

He sighed. "Too bad."

"So this isn't about the primary."

"No."

Then he was worrying that she might be pregnant. She'd bought an over-the-counter test that boasted almost immediate detection, but she hadn't been able to bring herself to use it. It was more comfortable to live in denial, at least until she'd adjusted to the possibility.

But maybe there was a reason he needed to know now. Maybe he was going to ask the tall blonde he sometimes brought to political events to marry him....

Adelaide cringed at the jealousy that thought evoked. The fantasies she'd had of Maxim during the week she'd been home told her she'd developed a crush on him, but she trusted it wasn't more than that. "I'm free. Where would you like to meet?"

"Would you mind if I came over after dinner?"

After dinner. He wasn't trying to parlay this into any type of date. She interpreted that to mean he regretted what had happened between them and hoped she wasn't pregnant.

She felt her shoulders slump. "No. I-I wouldn't mind." They had to face reality sometime, didn't they?

There was a brief pause. "Will we be able to speak privately?"

How would he react if she was pregnant? Let's wait until we're sure we have something to worry about before we start making difficult decisions gave her no indication. He knew she'd want to keep the baby; she'd already told him as much. Would he pressure her to get an abortion instead?

She swallowed hard. "We'll be alone."

"Great. I'll see you tonight."

He was gone without a goodbye.

"It's your turn," someone said, nudging her from behind. She was holding up the line.

Gathering her sacks, she paid for the game system and headed down the center of the mall and out to her car. Her leg was aching too much to do any more walking-and she'd lost interest in shopping. She had to take that pregnancy test. It wasn't fair to keep Maxim in suspense if he needed to know, and she could use the intervening hours to cope, whatever the results.

If she wasn't pregnant, she'd put the plane crash behind her. And if she was, there'd be no forgetting the crash because it would change her entire future.

CHAPTER ELEVEN

ADELAIDE STARED at the unopened pregnancy test she'd just put on her bathroom counter. She'd actually bought three more on her way home. They were sitting in the sack at her feet, held in reserve to ensure an accurate reading. Over the past week, she might've gone through the motions of getting ready for Christmas, but the possibility of a baby had been constantly at the back of her mind. Although she'd dreamed of becoming a mother, she'd put that hope out of her life when she'd learned Mark was infertile. She'd asked him, over and over again, if they could eventually adopt, but he'd been opposed to it. He'd said there was too much risk involved, that they had a good life and he didn't want to spoil it.

She'd talked him into it in the end, but she'd gotten the feeling he'd only relented to placate her, to ease some of the tension that'd crept into their marriage. And by then it was too late. A month later she was attending his funeral.

Oddly, she didn't feel the gut-wrenching loss that normally accompanied any thought of her late husband. Did that mean she was learning to live without him? Or was it the hope of having a child that buoyed her spirits?

If she was pregnant, it would be more than a little ironic that it had happened with Maxim....

"Get this over with," she said aloud.

The face that looked back at her from the mirror was flushed with excitement, even fear. But it wasn't until she reached for the box that she knew for sure which way she wanted the test to go.

"Please, God, let me be pregnant," she murmured. At forty-one, she didn't think she'd have many more chances.

MAXIM HATED THE THOUGHT of what he had to do, but he didn't see any alternative. He had no doubt that Harvey was going public. There wasn't any way to stop him. He wouldn't have as much to gain but, for Harvey, the notoriety of destroying Fairfax's reputation and ruining Adelaide's chances to win the primary would be enough. He'd see it as an opportunity to build his own reputation as unrelenting and successful at all costs. Maxim had to tell Adelaide before she found out from the media.

But...how?

He had no idea. She'd blame him, and she had every right to. If he hadn't passed that anonymous tip on to his campaign manager, Harvey would be as much in the dark as the rest of the world.

He'd thought about the situation all day, but he still didn't feel prepared as he drove to her house, which was located in Carmichael, along the American River.

Adelaide owned a big rambler with a sizeable yard and a gorgeous view. Although it was in a neighborhood of other expensive homes, the mature landscaping gave the property a sense of seclusion. He knew because he'd been there before. When Mark was alive, he and Adelaide had hosted a political fundraiser.

Now that he stood on the doorstep next to a huge poinsettia, staring at a Christmas wreath, Maxim found it difficult to make himself knock. But he knew he had no choice.

She answered wearing a snug-fitting pair of jeans, fur-lined boots and a classic beige sweater. Her blue eyes seemed even bigger with her hair pulled back.

Seeing her again reminded him how attractive she was, but he'd only forgotten it in the anxiety of the past few hours. Before that, before talking to Harvey this morning, he'd pictured her almost every time he closed his eyes. It'd been all he could do not to call her.

"Hey." He gave her a smile he didn't feel.

"Hi." Opening the door wider, she let him in.

The inside of Adelaide's house hadn't changed. As soon as he stepped over the threshold, Maxim wished he'd picked a different place to meet. He could remember speaking to Mark in this very room, could see their wedding picture hanging on the wall.

He hated how much Adelaide idolized her late husband. He knew it would make the next few minutes all the more painful.

He hated it for other reasons, too....

"Can I get you a drink?" she asked.

"No, thanks." He couldn't pretend this was a social visit. Always a believer in doing the hard things first, he planned to jump right in, but she spoke before he could begin.

"Is this about the blonde you sometimes bring to political events?" she asked.

The blonde? He thought back, trying to figure out who she meant. Then he remembered. She must be talking about Liz, a woman he'd met at the gym. They'd dated occasionally, before Liz had gotten engaged to her personal trainer. But it had never been serious. She wasn't nearly as intelligent, capable or attractive as Adelaide. He'd known that from the beginning, had always been more attracted to the woman across the room than the one on his arm. "No."

She seemed to relax a little, which surprised him. She'd been worried about Liz?

"Oh. Well..." She motioned to the nearby sofa. "At least sit down."

Because she'd very likely be throwing him out in the next few seconds, he decided to remain standing. He wished he could touch her, maybe take her in his arms as he broke the news. But that would only make what he was about to say worse.

"That's okay," he said. "Listen, I'm sorry to bother you so close to Christmas. You probably have a million things to do, but..."

For some reason, he couldn't get the words past his lips. He didn't want her to hear that her husband had cheated on her with another woman, let alone a man. No, a boy.

His mind raced, trying to find some other way to break the news, but she interrupted him by touching his arm.

"Does this have anything to do with the fact that...that we didn't use any birth control when...well, you know."

He froze. What was she talking about? He'd assumed she would've done a pregnancy test by now and that he would've heard if their time together had resulted in a pregnancy. There'd been no communication between them in over a week. "I thought-I mean, you're not, are you?"

Her chest rose. "Actually-" she offered him a smile so hopeful it made him catch his breath "-I am."

Maxim felt as if someone had just punched him in the gut. "What'd you say?"

Concern and insecurity entered her eyes, eyes that were normally clear and decisive. "Are you sure you don't want to sit down?"

"No. You're pregnant. Isn't that what you just told me?"

She seemed close to tears, but didn't cry. She nodded.

Unsure how to respond, he considered what he'd come to say and knew he couldn't tell her now. He was going to have a baby with this woman. And, oddly enough, he wasn't as unhappy about it as he'd told himself he'd be. A baby gave him hope that, even with everything working against them, they might be able to create a relationship. He wanted that, wanted her. He just wanted her to love him in return-with all the passion she'd felt for Mark-and wasn't sure that was possible.

The silence stretched out as he weighed his options.

"Are you terribly upset?" she asked.

She was watching him intently. If he cared about her as much as he was beginning to believe, the way he handled the next few minutes would be very important. "No, I'm not upset."

Her smile grew more genuine. "Really?"

"Really." But he wasn't even remotely willing to let her claim the baby was Mark's. Would she try to insist? "What would you like to do about it?" he asked.

"I want to keep the baby."

"I realize that." He was wondering what she wanted to do about him. "Where do I come into the picture?"

He watched her throat work as she swallowed. "I don't want you to-to feel forced or...or trapped. I understand that this occurred because of...extenuating circumstances. If you'd prefer not to be part of the child's life, I'll handle it on my own. I don't need any help." One of her hands moved to cover her abdomen, an instinctively protective gesture.

That didn't reveal how she felt about him. But the fact that she wanted this baby, his baby, made him inexplicably happy, although he couldn't imagine why. He wasn't a young man anymore; he'd turn forty-four in April. He'd thought he was beyond all this. And yet...it felt like a second chance-for both of them. "There's no way I'd ever support you telling anyone that my baby is Mark's," he said.

"We could say I was artificially inseminated and I don't know who the father is. That would provide the most protection for your career-no breaking news story that you impregnated the enemy." She laughed but it didn't sound as indifferent as she'd probably meant it to.

"Do you really think I'm that shallow?" he asked.

She didn't respond.

"We're talking about a baby, Adelaide. Our baby. My career doesn't come before that."

"That's how you feel?"

Could this really be happening? With Adelaide? "That's how I feel."

"So what do you propose, er, suggest?" she asked.

He stepped closer to see if she'd back off, but she didn't. "I suggest we keep our options open."

Her eyes drifted shut as he ran a finger over the contours of one cheek. "What kind of options are we talking about?" she breathed. "Dating?"

Maxim's pulse began to speed up. He'd never expected this, not from Adelaide, but she seemed...interested in his touch. Even here in the relative warmth of the valley with no snow or danger around them. Even in the house she'd shared with Mark. "Lovers, at least," he said.

Her eyes opened. "What about marriage?"

He pulled her against him. "I'd want that to be a possibility. What about you?"

"It could definitely be a possibility," she murmured.

"Good." Now was when he should tell her. But she was so open to him. For the first time since he'd met her, the remote Adelaide Fairfax was willing to trust him and accept him-as the father of her baby, maybe more.

"I missed you this past week," he admitted.

"I missed you, too," she replied and stood on tiptoe to kiss him.

Tell her! his mind raged. But she felt so good in his arms, he couldn't. Instead of letting go, instead of breaking the bad news, he deepened the kiss.

"I'm glad you're not upset about the baby," she whispered against his lips.

He wasn't upset as long as she wanted him, too. He knew she wouldn't once she learned what he was responsible for digging up about Mark. But somehow he'd stop her from finding out. He'd get hold of Harvey, do whatever he had to in order to prevent it from going public-even if it meant paying the bastard off. The longer he kissed Adelaide, the more convinced he became that he'd do anything to keep her.

"Make love to me," she whispered.

A flicker of guilt made him hesitate. That was a line he shouldn't cross. Not until he'd contacted Harvey and made some sort of arrangement, not until he could feel reasonably secure that she wouldn't be devastated tomorrow.

"I'd like to, but-" he searched for an acceptable excuse "-I'll come back. I've got some things to do."

She guided his hand to her breast. "Are you sure it can't wait?"

Suddenly he couldn't think of anything important enough to keep them apart. He'd fix the situation so she wouldn't be hurt, which meant he could stay and make love to her as many times as she wanted him to.

"I guess I can do it later." He could still see Mark watching them from that damn portrait so he swept her into his arms and carried her into one of the guest rooms. No way would he make love to her in Mark's bed.

As their clothes came off, he stared down at her and realized that she was exactly the woman he wanted-the woman he'd wanted for years.

"At last," he said and smiled when she responded so greedily to his touch.

CHAPTER TWELVE

MAXIM WATCHED ADELAIDE in those first minutes after he awoke. He wanted to have breakfast, spend the entire day with her, but he had to talk to Harvey as soon as possible.

"Hey," she whispered sleepily when he kissed her neck.

"I've gotta go," he told her.

"So soon?"

He laughed at the reluctance in her voice. He'd stayed far too long already and was afraid he'd be too late to stop Harvey. "Yeah, but I'll see you later." He got out of bed, then hesitated. His girls were coming home today, which meant he'd be tied up with them. "Actually, Megan and Callie are flying in for Christmas, so..."

"So you need to spend some time with them. Of course." She stretched as she turned to face him. "Have fun."

He wondered what his two daughters would think of Adelaide, but couldn't imagine that they wouldn't like her. He was eager to introduce them, to include her in his family. Would they be willing to accept her? "Any chance you can join us for dinner tomorrow night?" he asked.

"Isn't tomorrow Christmas Eve?"

"Yeah."

She propped herself up on the pillows. "Are you sure that's a good idea?"

"Positive." He wasn't as confident as he sounded. He'd dated since Chloe but not a lot, and he'd never brought a woman home to meet his children. But...he was hopeful they'd be open-minded.

"Okay."

"But just so you know, the baby's a secret. For a while."

"Of course. There's no hurry to tell anyone. I won't even start to show for three or four months." Her eyebrows drew together as she sobered. "But...are you really ready for another woman in your life, Maxim? Are they?"

He smoothed the hair out of her face. "We're all ready, as long as it's you."

She gave him a sexy smile. "I'll be there."

"I'm glad." He bent to kiss her again. "Maybe they'll go to bed early, and we can see if Santa has a little something for you."

Laughing, she fought to avoid him as he chafed her neck with his unshaved chin. "Go home," she complained. "I need sleep. You wore me out last night."

"Call me when you get up," he said and left.

He tried to reach Harvey as soon as he walked out of Adelaide's house, but Harvey wasn't answering. Maxim called him several times before he left for the airport at noon and tried again while he was on his way home with the girls. He knew he couldn't talk freely with them in the car, but he could set up a meeting.

"Shit!" he muttered after his sixth failed attempt.

"What's wrong, Dad?" Callie asked.

Frowning, he hit the off button on his Bluetooth. He hadn't meant to curse aloud. "Nothing." With a smile on his face to cover his growing unease, he encouraged them to talk about their classes, their grades, their friends and the boys they were dating. It wasn't until they got home and Megan and Callie went to unpack that he had a few minutes alone. He used the time to call Harvey again.

Harvey's voice mail picked up. "Harvey, get in touch with me, damn it," Maxim said. "I have a proposal for you. I think it's something you'll want to hear." He started to hang up but brought the phone back to his ear. "I don't care what time of day or night it is," he added, then disconnected.

"Dad?"

Maxim glanced up to find Megan standing on the stairs. With her auburn hair and greenish eyes, she looked like her mother, but Callie, his younger daughter, resembled him. It made him wonder who his new baby would look like-him or the fair-skinned Adelaide? "What?"

"Where's the wrapping paper?"

"I don't know. Did you check with Rosa?" His live-in housekeeper was in the kitchen, cooking one of the girls' favorite meals.

"She thinks we're out." She gave him the smile that told him he was about to do her a favor. "Any chance you'll go get some more? Or maybe a few gift bags? I'd do it myself, but I'm dying to take a shower and Megan's busy primping. She said Ryan's coming by to see her."

"I thought she told me she and Ryan hardly talk anymore," he said.

"I guess they talk enough that she's already told him she's home."

Maxim liked Ryan and didn't want to miss seeing him. But someone had to get the wrapping paper. And maybe Harvey would call while he had some time alone. "Sure," he said. "Be right back."

ON THE DAY BEFORE Christmas the weather dropped to forty-three degrees, bitter cold by Sacramento standards, but the extra chill didn't bother Adelaide. She spent the morning warm and snug in her house, visiting parenting sites on the Internet. She couldn't believe she was pregnant. Just when she'd been feeling most alone, just when she'd given up the hope of ever having a family, she was expecting.

It was almost too good to be true. But a baby meant she had so many decisions to make. Since their crash in the Sierras, her enthusiasm for winning the nomination and then a seat in the state senate had begun to wane; now it was entirely gone. She wondered if she could keep the people who worked for her on the payroll and have them campaign for Maxim instead.

Maxim... He hadn't liked Mark and he didn't pretend otherwise; that wasn't easy to accept. They'd have to discuss it eventually. But for two people beginning a new relationship, they were dealing with enough challenges. They had the baby coming, the public response to what they'd done, the surprise and possible resistance of Maxim's children. Best to adjust a little at a time.

Imagining what would happen when word of her condition reached the media, Adelaide cringed. It would be embarrassing. There was no escaping that. But she doubted it would hurt Maxim's career-especially if she threw her support behind him.

Propping her chin on one hand, she smiled dreamily as she remembered the way he'd reacted to news of the baby. Her life was heading down a path she would've considered impossible just ten days earlier, but the baby she was carrying changed everything.

Would they eventually marry? It wasn't as if she couldn't love Maxim. She was afraid she already did.

Who would've thought-

The ringing of the phone startled her out of her reverie. Reaching for the cordless handset on her desk, she saw M. Donahue on caller ID and smiled as she answered. "Hello?"

"Hey, gorgeous. I've got good news."

"What is it?"

"They were able to recover Mr. Cox's body yesterday. He'll be home for Christmas."

Adelaide wished Cox had made it out alive, but it was a relief to know his family would at least be able to say their goodbyes and lay him to rest. "How'd you find out?"

"The helicopter pilot called me."

"Why didn't he call me? I left him several messages."

"It was only by chance that he returned my calls first. I told him I'd notify you."

"Oh. Do you know when the funeral is?"

"He's originally from Bakersfield, so they're taking his body there and having a small, private ceremony next Monday."

"I'd like to attend, but if it's meant to be private, maybe I should just send my condolences to his family."

"That's what I plan to do. I can give you the address. Are you still coming tonight?"

Forcing aside the sadness she felt about Mr. Cox, she leaned her head against the back of her seat. They hadn't seen each other since he'd left her house yesterday morning. He'd been with his daughters since then, but he'd called several times. "If you still want me there," she said.

"I do. I want to celebrate Christmas with you. And I want you to meet Megan and Callie."

She'd met his children before. She and Maxim had run in the same circles for so long she'd even met his parents. But only in formal situations. Not in this capacity-not as the woman pregnant with his child. "Are you sure they wouldn't rather have you all to themselves? I don't want to intrude...."

"Megan's got an old boyfriend coming over. And Callie has two girlfriends joining us. You won't be intruding. Besides, I've told them to expect you."

"How did you explain our connection?"

"I said we got to know each other while we were stranded, and now we're friends."

"Were they surprised?"

"Of course. But they got over it quickly. Megan even said she thinks you're one of the prettiest women she's ever seen. She said I should've asked you out a long time ago, before you could get it in your mind to run against me."

She laughed. "Already a strategist."

"I wish I'd thought of that."

Closing her eyes, she pictured them all gathered around the Christmas tree. She'd imagined this scene once before, as an outsider looking in. Now she'd be part of it. Until this moment, she'd been afraid that tonight might not work out. She felt self-conscious about barging in on a family's celebration. She felt as if she'd been doing that for years-all the time she was growing up in the system after her parents had died in a house fire. "What should I bring?"

"You don't need to bring anything."

"What if I want to?" she insisted. "What would your girls enjoy?"

"Like most kids, they have a sweet tooth. You could bring a dessert, I guess."

Suddenly, it felt more like Christmas than any Christmas Adelaide had ever experienced. "I'm looking forward to it," she said and got off the phone so she could go to the grocery store. For the first time since Mark died, she felt like cooking.

MAXIM SAT IN HIS living room alone. The area in front of the Christmas tree was now crowded with the gifts his daughters had wrapped. Megan and Callie were in the kitchen, laughing and talking with friends, their voices occasionally rising above the Christmas music playing throughout the house. He planned to go back in and join them. He needed to help Rosa finish cleaning up the brunch he'd made, but...something was bothering him, and he was pretty sure he knew what it was.

He'd gotten hold of Harvey Sillinger last night and been assured in no uncertain terms that there was nothing to worry about concerning Mark Fairfax. But Maxim couldn't put it out of his mind. Harvey's insistence that Maxim should've known him better than to assume the worst set off warning bells in Maxim's head. That statement was so off base it was almost absurd. He'd seen Harvey in action, knew he was ruthless. Usually, Harvey was proud of that trait. So why would he pretend to care about those he might hurt? And why would he suddenly be so amenable to keeping his mouth shut? Harvey hadn't been willing to commit himself to silence the day he'd stormed out of the office.

Something had changed in the past two days....

Rubbing his temples, Maxim went over the conversation they'd had last night.

"I can't believe you think I'd leak information you told me not to, Maxim," he'd said, defensive from the first moment Maxim had managed to reach him. "So what if we haven't known each other long? I did a good job while I was running your campaign. Anyone else would've been thrilled with what I accomplished."

This wasn't about what he'd accomplished, and Maxim had told him as much. Harvey was very dedicated. It was his tendency to forget who was boss that disturbed Maxim-that and the fact that he didn't seem to understand the meaning of the word mercy.

"I would've expected you to know me better than that," Harvey had gone on.

"I just want to be sure, Harvey. That's all," Maxim had said. "I just want to be sure."

"What happened to you while you were stranded in the mountains? That's what I want to know, because you certainly haven't been the same since you got back. You don't act like you even care whether you win the primary."

He cared. He loved his job and wanted to keep it, but he wouldn't do it by hurting Adelaide. "I nearly died, Harvey. Coming that close can give you a whole new perspective."

"From my perspective, you're losing your edge. But that's none of my business. You have nothing to worry about. Nothing from me, anyway."

The clarification had brought a stab of alarm. "What's that supposed to mean? You and I are the only ones who know about the intern, right?"

"Me, you and the intern," Harvey had said.

"The boy wouldn't have any reason to come forward. Why would he risk the embarrassment?"

"He probably wouldn't. So, like I said, you have nothing to worry about."

Sensing an undercurrent in the conversation, Maxim had decided to take that final step, to do all he could to guarantee that this situation wouldn't get away from him. "Is there any way to-" here, Maxim had chosen his words very carefully "-ensure your cooperation on this, Harvey?"

"What do you mean by that, Maxim? I'm an honest guy. I don't take payoffs."

"I'm not talking about a payoff. I'm talking about a severance package. To help you along until you find other employment."

"Oh, a severance package." After that, there'd been a long pause. "That might be just the thing," he'd said at length. "Especially if you can get it to me tonight."

"If that's how you want it," Maxim had said, and he'd met his former campaign manager at the office.

"This effectively ends our association, correct?" he'd said when he handed Harvey a thirty-thousand-dollar check.

"Sounds fair to me."

Just to be safe, Maxim had asked him to sign a paper saying he was satisfied with the terms of their separation, a paper he'd then locked inside his desk. Harvey had left immediately afterward, and Maxim hadn't heard from him since. As far as he knew, the issue was settled.

Then why did he feel so...unsettled about it?

"Dad?" Megan called.

He dropped the hand he'd been using to massage his temple. "Yes?"

"Where are you? I want to show you the commercial I had to make for one of my classes."

Drawing a deep breath, he put his conversation with Harvey out of his mind. It was Christmas, and Adelaide was coming over. He had better things to think about than Mark's affair-and his own hand in discovering it.

"Coming," he called and went to the kitchen.

CHAPTER THIRTEEN

SHE WAS READY and, if she hurried, she'd be on time.

Grabbing the cheesecake she'd made, as well as the wine she'd bought, Adelaide headed for the door. She'd never been to Maxim's place, but she doubted she'd have any trouble finding it. She had GPS on her phone if she got lost. But just as she was stepping out of her house, she saw her friend Ruby pull into the driveway, going far too fast. She came to a screeching halt, and the Escalade jerked back and forth as she slammed the gearshift into Park and jumped out.

Something was wrong. They'd already exchanged gifts over the weekend and hadn't planned to see each other again until after Christmas. Ruby had said she'd be celebrating with her kids and her ex-husband, with whom she was thinking of reconciling. So...what was she doing here?

Adelaide waited on her doorstep as Ruby rushed toward her.

"Adelaide, oh, my God! I'm so sorry."

Sorry? Adelaide didn't know how to react. "For what?"

Confusion descended on Ruby's face and her steps slowed. "You mean...you don't know? It was just on the news. I heard it with my own ears."

The cheesecake and the wine were getting heavy, but Adelaide didn't dare move. "You're not making any sense."

Tears filled Ruby's eyes as she took the wine. Then they stood facing each other, both dressed in their Christmas finery, with Adelaide's heart beating like a jackhammer.

"It's about Mark," Ruby said.

Adelaide couldn't imagine what could be so terrible that Ruby would race over in such a panic. Mark was dead. She'd been dealing with that for two and a half years. Did news get any worse than goodbye forever? "What about him?" she asked.

Ruby motioned them inside. "I think you should sit down."

"I don't want to sit down," she said. "I have a dinner date, and I'm going to be-"

"He was having an affair, Adelaide, just as you suspected," Ruby cut in.

This stole Adelaide's breath. After so long, after finally convincing herself that she'd been acting crazy and paranoid and insecure when she'd accused Mark, she was learning that she'd been right from the beginning? "No..."

"Yes."

"With whom?"

"Let's go in," Ruby said and guided Adelaide back into the house.

Adelaide sat at the kitchen table while Ruby took the cheesecake and stowed it in the fridge, along with the wine. "I can't believe something like this would be on the news," she muttered. "I mean, I could see it if he was still in office, but-"

"It's pertinent," Ruby said. "You're essentially running in his place and on his reputation. So anything that blackens his name blackens yours."

"But...an affair? A lot of guys have extramarital affairs and it hasn't ruined their political careers."

Ruby frowned. "There's more to it."

"More?"

"Mark also took bribes from local developers."

"You've got to be kidding me!"

Ruby crouched in front of her. "I would never kid about something like this."

Adelaide stared at her helplessly. "He couldn't have. I mean...I would've known, wouldn't I?" She tried to think back. They'd always been well-off. Mark came from money, and she'd built the fledgling business they'd started when they got married into a multimillion-dollar enterprise. Would she have noticed if he had more money in his accounts than he should have? Probably not.

"I don't know," Ruby said, obviously miserable.

He wouldn't have needed the money. But the power might have tempted him. He would've liked doling out favors, being the big man who could make the difference. "How did this come to light?" she asked.

"Luke Silici."

The man who'd wanted to run against Maxim in the primary but backed off when she entered the race? That Luke Silici?

"There was a clip of him on the news, condemning Mark for lack of integrity," she was saying.

So he intended to join the race? He must be using this to open the door. But she'd already decided to drop out, hadn't she? Because of the pregnancy? He couldn't know that, of course, but even if he entered the race, there was no way he'd beat Maxim.

"It'll be okay," she said. Somehow, she'd figure it out, come to terms with it. There was a chance Silici had been misinformed. She'd do all she could to fight for Mark's reputation, to preserve her memories of him.

But Ruby wouldn't meet her eyes. "That's not all."

Adelaide remembered the hopes she'd had for this Christmas and felt them fade. "There's more than adultery and corruption?"

"Silici said he has copies of some of Mark's e-mails."

Adelaide let her breath go. "They prove he was taking bribe money?"

"I don't know what proof they have on the bribe issue. These apparently have to do with the affair."

Covering her face with both hands, Adelaide tried to calm down enough to think. It was going to be okay, wasn't it? She could live with whatever emerged-because it was in the past. It didn't change the present.

Squaring her shoulders, she lowered her hands. "Who was it? Virna? Or Susie?" She'd named Mark's two most attractive field reps, but Ruby shook her head.

"I wish I didn't have to tell you this..."

What could be left? Proof that he'd never loved her? "Tell me," she said. "If you saw it on the news, I'll find out, anyway."

Empathy softened Ruby's face. "It wasn't Virna or Susie or any of the other aides. It-it was an intern."

Adelaide felt a surge of righteous anger. Those interns were young, some of them just out of high school. "Which one?" she cried.

Ruby cringed. "Phoenix Day."

This was the last name Adelaide had expected to hear. She was so stunned she couldn't move. "There must be some mistake. Phoenix is a boy, the sweetest boy you could ever meet."

Ruby took her hands. "I know."

"You're saying- That can't be true," she whispered. "Mark wasn't g*y. Mark..." Remembering his lack of interest the past couple of years they'd lived together, Adelaide fell silent. He'd told her he was too stressed to maintain much of a sex life, too pressured at work, too busy. Was it something else? Something more? An inappropriate attraction to Phoenix?

"The boy has agreed to come forward," Ruby was saying. "He's providing copies of the correspondence between him and Mark. At least, according to the news."

Adelaide didn't know how to respond, except to deny it, regardless of any proof anyone claimed to have. "This can't be true. It's a political move, a way to get me to bow out of the race."

"That's what I thought, too," Ruby said. "But..."

"But what?" Adelaide echoed.

"I don't think it's Luke who wants you out of the race. I think it's Maxim Donahue."

Adelaide opened her mouth to argue. Ruby had no idea of the baby or how the situation with Maxim had changed. But Ruby spoke before she could explain.

"It has to be," she insisted. "Silici said Maxim received an anonymous tip, that it was his campaign manager who ran down all the details."

WHERE WAS SHE?

The girls had their friends over. They were chatting happily as they munched on the appetizers Rosa had made, but Maxim had been too busy watching the clock to eat with them. Adelaide was late. She'd said she'd arrive at six, but it was nearly six-thirty. He figured he'd give her another fifteen minutes, so he didn't seem impatient, but when 6:45 p.m. rolled around she still wasn't there. Neither had she called him.

"Dad, didn't you say your friend would be here soon?"

Megan had finally noticed Adelaide's tardiness, perhaps because he'd grown so quiet.

"I'm sure she's on her way, but...I'll check."

Taking his cell phone, he stepped out of the room. But Adelaide didn't pick up. She didn't answer her house phone, either.

Where could she be? Planning to drive over there, he grabbed his keys from the counter and started for the door when he received a call. Assuming it would be her, he pulled his cell out of his pocket and punched the talk button without glancing at caller ID. "Hello?"

"Maxim, you are truly amazing!"

It definitely wasn't Adelaide. That voice belonged to his assistant, Peter Goodrich. Peter kept Maxim's capitol office running smoothly and interfaced with Jan Kenny, who ran Maxim's district office. He also volunteered on the campaign, so they spent a lot of time together. Maxim considered Peter his best hire. But he didn't want to talk to him on Christmas Eve. "Peter, are you drunk?"

"What? Of course not. You know I don't drink."

"You sound drunk." Tall and skinny, with a very deep voice, Peter was so circumspect that Maxim liked to tease him. But he was half-serious tonight. Peter sounded much more animated than usual.

"I'm just...surprised," Peter said.

"About what?" Maxim looked at his watch.

"You did it, man. There's no way she's gonna beat you now."

Slightly irritated because he didn't want to talk business while he was so preoccupied with other things, Maxim scratched his neck. "I don't know what you're talking about."

"I'm talking about Mark Fairfax. How did you know? I mean...what a shocker. I never would've guessed he was g*y."

Until this moment, Maxim had only been paying partial attention. He'd been too busy watching the clock and keeping an eye on his driveway through the window, expecting Adelaide to pull in at any time. Now every bit of his energy and focus turned toward the conversation. "How do you know about Fairfax?"

"I guess it was on the news. I didn't see it, but someone called Martha and she called me."

Martha Sanchez worked for him, too. She handled all the scheduling for Maxim and the field reps. She wouldn't have felt as comfortable calling him at home, but she and Peter worked well together and had become close friends.

"I mean, it's true, isn't it?" Peter asked. "It's not a joke."

With a silent curse, Maxim crossed the room and sank onto the couch. Damn Harvey Sillinger! He'd taken the bribe money and he'd still gone after Adelaide.

"Maxim?"

"I'm here," he muttered.

"You seem upset."

He was upset. If word of Fairfax's affair had been on the news, Adelaide had heard about it, too. They were in politics, for crying out loud. They had people who were paid to watch and listen for any mention of their names in the media. If she hadn't seen it on the news herself, she'd probably received a call very similar to this one. Son of a bitch.

"Maxim? Isn't this good news?" Peter asked, uncertain now.

"No. It's not good news," he said and hung up.

CHAPTER FOURTEEN

IT HADN'T BEEN EASY to get Ruby to leave. But Ruby had kids. She couldn't miss Christmas. And although Ruby invited her, there was no way Adelaide wanted to join the party. She loved the children, but this was the first time the family would be celebrating the holidays together in three years. Adelaide refused to interfere with that. Besides, she'd rather be alone.

Bundled up in a wool coat, scarf and gloves, she sat on a bench in Capitol Park, gazing at the building that sheltered California's government. Called the People's Building, it was a domed piece of Greek Revival and Roman-Corinthian architecture resembling the Capitol Building in Washington, D.C. Tonight, the Christmas lights that adorned the building and the trees shone through the fog, making Adelaide feel as if she'd just stepped into the scene portrayed on the Christmas cards they sold in nearby gift shops.

Except she felt no warmth of spirit. She was cold inside, and as empty as the building appeared to be.

Mark had always loved it here, she thought. But not because of the beauty. It was the power that drew him.

Was it the same for Maxim?

Probably. He'd done just about everything he could to retain his seat, hadn't he? And that included making her believe he cared about her. She wasn't entirely sure it was an act, but even if he'd received the anonymous tip Ruby had mentioned and gone after Mark before they'd had the chance to get to know each other, did she really want another man obsessed with his own ambition? Could she deal with a second relationship like the one she'd had with Mark? He'd started putting so many things before her-among them, apparently, his interns.

She shuddered as she imagined what must have happened with Phoenix. Mark had hidden his interest in the boy so well. Or had she merely missed the signs? He'd certainly talked about Phoenix. He'd even had him over to the house. After learning that he didn't have a supportive family, she'd felt sorry for the boy. She certainly knew what being alone was like. But now she saw how effectively she'd been manipulated. It was Mark who'd told her about Phoenix's family. Who knew if it was even true? Had they been kissing and touching in another room while she was right there in the house?

Maybe. Her presence provided the perfect cover, should anyone ever raise any questions. She never would've suspected, hadn't watched them closely at all.

That must've made it pretty darn easy.

But Mark hadn't expected to die and have someone as tenacious and determined as Maxim take over his seat. Would this have come out if she hadn't entered the race? She doubted it. Why would Maxim have bothered with Mark otherwise? Ironically, it was her desire to stand up for her husband because of Maxim's lack of respect for him that'd brought the truth to light.

What did those e-mail messages say? Did she even want to know?

"You're such a liar," she told Mark. It wasn't only the fact that he'd broken their marriage vows that hurt. It was that she'd lost so much self-confidence wondering why she couldn't interest her own husband. "You bastard."

Her phone vibrated in her purse. It'd been going off all night. She would've cut the power, but Ruby had made her promise not to. She wanted to be able to check in. But it was Maxim again.

Adelaide wasn't ready to talk to him. Pressing the button that would shut down her phone, she got up and started to walk around the gardens.

An old man with white hair stood near an American Indian monument. He nodded as she passed him. "Merry Christmas," he said with a smile.

ADELAIDE WASN'T HOME. Maxim had been to her place three different times.

Had she gone over to a friend's? Maybe. But he didn't know the people who were closest to her, wasn't sure who to call. He could understand why she might not want to spend the evening with him, but he was worried about her, worried enough that he'd taken to cruising the streets around her house, hoping to spot her car. It wasn't the best way to give his girls a good Christmas, but he was so preoccupied with this he couldn't go home. And they'd assured him they were fine, that they understood.

So where was Adelaide? She couldn't be in any stores or restaurants.

It was so late that even the businesses that stayed open on Christmas Eve were closed.

He remembered her mentioning Mark's parents and wondered if she'd gone to their home. Maybe they'd heard the news and called her.

After pulling to the side of the road, he used his phone to check information. Sure enough, the Fairfaxes were listed. But did he dare call them at midnight on Christmas Eve? He was the reason their son's reputation was ruined....

"This won't be easy," he muttered, but he dialed the number, anyway.

After several rings, he heard a woman's sleepy voice say, "Hello." Tempted to hang up, he hesitated. He didn't want to trouble these poor people, especially on Christmas. But he had to know if they'd heard from Adelaide.

"Mrs. Fairfax?"

The sleep cleared from her voice, changing to confusion. "Yes?"

"This is Maxim Donahue."

He could sense her unwillingness to believe him. "Is this some kind of crank call?" she asked.

"No, it's not. I'm looking for Adelaide. I was wondering if you've heard from her tonight."

"You're looking for- Do you know what time it is?" she snapped.

"Yes, ma'am."

"You have no business waking people in the middle of the night, no matter who you are. And after all you've said to discredit my son, why do you think I'd help you?"

Maxim wasn't sure if Mrs. Fairfax's words meant she knew the latest or not. Since Mark had changed and begun to go back on so many of his campaign promises, Maxim had been pretty vocal about his lack of admiration for him. She could be referring to that. "I disagree with just about everything your son did, Mrs. Fairfax. I won't pretend otherwise. But I'm worried about Adelaide. Will you please tell me if you've seen her or heard from her? If you know where she's at?"

"I have no idea. Why?"

Now he was certain they didn't know about Phoenix. She'd still be raging at him if she did. "I'm afraid you'll find out soon enough. I apologize for disturbing your sleep."

"Wait- What do you have to do with Adelaide?"

He told himself to hang up. But Mrs. Fairfax had answered his question. He figured he owed her the same respect. "I'm in love with her," he said and disconnected before she could rebound from the shock.

CHRISTMAS CAROLS WERE the only songs she could find on the radio. Adelaide had heard enough of them for one year, but Christmas carols were better than silence, so she let them play. She'd gone to Midnight Mass at a beautiful church not far from the capitol building. She wasn't Catholic, but when she'd noticed the crowd gathering at the doors, she'd felt drawn to join them.

She was glad she had. The service had reminded her of the meaning of Christmas and given her a sense of peace. It had also reminded her of the baby she carried and the hope that having a child brought into her life. Did the past really matter? Not if she didn't let it, she decided.

But the minute she pulled into her driveway and saw Maxim there in his car, waiting for her, she tensed up again. She couldn't deal with the powerful emotions he evoked-in addition to the disappointment of learning what she had about Mark. She wanted to put Mark behind her and forget once and for all, and she was pretty sure that meant she couldn't have anything to do with politics.

That included Maxim.

After parking in her garage and cutting the engine, she sat in her car for a moment, but Maxim didn't approach. He got out of his vehicle and leaned against it, waiting. She could see the outline of his body in her rearview mirror.

What would she say to him? As humiliating as it was to admit, he'd been right about Mark. Mark wasn't the man she'd thought he was. But she couldn't blame Maxim for what Mark had done. Maxim's only sin was exposing him. Although that stung, she didn't have the right to be too angry. He'd been her election opponent before he'd been her lover, and any other opponent would've done the same thing.

The radio went silent when she pulled the door latch. She liked the new delay feature that let the music stay on after the engine was off, but the sudden silence felt ominous.

"Hey," he said as she came out of the garage.

"Hi."

He was wearing a heavy coat, a burgundy sweater and a pair of jeans. Just seeing him made her remember what it was like to be in his arms. She'd felt safer there than anywhere else. But she tried to convince herself that was only because he'd saved her life. What she felt was hero worship. Admiration for a handsome man. It wasn't love. She didn't want any part of love, not anymore.

He met her at the walkway leading to the house. "You okay?"

She pushed the button on her key chain that would close the garage door. "I'm fine."

"I've been worried."

"You shouldn't be here," she said. "You've got your girls at home."

"They're not the only ones who matter to me."

Ignoring that statement, she turned on her heel and marched to the house. "It's late and I'm really tired. Would you mind if we talked another time? It's been a...rough night."

"I know," he said. "I should give you some space. But...can I at least apologize?"

"For what? You wanted to win, and I was in the way. I understand."

"Adelaide-"

Raising a hand to stop him, she donned a polite mask. "Look, I don't blame you. If I were in your shoes, maybe I would've done the same thing. I mean, the object of any campaign is to win. Mark was... Mark was a cheat and a liar, and everything you've ever said about him is probably true."

"I don't care about that. I didn't come over here to rub your nose in what he's done."

"Why not? Enjoy it while it lasts. This was quite the political coup." She knew she was being harsher than she had a right to be. But she'd been wrong when they'd talked about the baby-she couldn't be open to any of the options he'd named. They required too much trust, and trust was something she didn't have anymore.

A muscle jumped in his jaw. "So you're blowing me off?"

"It won't work."

"What about the baby?"

"You get the senate seat. I get the baby." Stepping inside, she closed the door behind her.

MAXIM WAS STILL STANDING on Adelaide's stoop when the porch light went off. He didn't know whether to bang on the door or leave. Memories of the time they'd spent in the mountains, especially of that second night when they'd said so much without saying a word, made him want to insist she come back and talk to him. But he couldn't force her to let him into her life if she didn't want him there. He'd been crazy to think she did. It was Mark she'd always loved, Mark she still loved, even though the stupid son of a bitch had been a complete fraud. Mark had never deserved her.

But maybe Maxim didn't deserve her, either.

Thinking of his girls waiting patiently for him at home, he released a long sigh and walked back to his car. He'd been so excited about having Megan and Callie meet Adelaide. Then Harvey had ruined it all.

The radio came on as soon as he started his car and Elvis Presley began singing, "I'll have a blue Christmas without you-"

Quickly changing the station, Maxim backed out of the driveway.

AS SHE WATCHED Maxim's headlights swing out into the street, Adelaide felt like crying. But she choked back her tears. She'd done the right thing. Despite all the years they'd been acquainted, she didn't know Maxim, not really. Maybe he was no better than Mark.

"Getting with me was just another way to protect his political aspirations," she said. But all the things she remembered him saying to her when they were together seemed to dispute that statement. I can't pretend to be Mark again. If I make love to you, it'll be because you want me... We're talking about a baby, Adelaide. Our baby. My career doesn't come before that... You're the most beautiful woman I've ever laid eyes on....

Had he meant any of it? It'd felt real. Unlike Mark, Maxim didn't use flattery. He only said what he meant. That was why she'd been upset enough to run against him. He'd told some reporter that Mark had been worse for the district than if it had gone unrepresented, that he'd been one of the most selfish individuals on the planet.

And, as she'd just told him, he'd been right. Why was she blaming him for being right?

The message light blinked on her answering machine. Seeing it, she realized she'd forgotten to turn her cell phone back on after the church service. Ruby was probably going crazy with worry.

Trying to put Maxim out of her mind, she crossed the room and pressed the play button. Sure enough, her friend had called a number of times. Adelaide was about to stop the playback without listening to the rest. She was one touch of a button away from erasing the whole thing when she heard a voice she hadn't heard in a long time-the voice of her former mother-in-law.

"Adelaide? Are you okay? What's going on? Maxim Donahue just called here. Can you believe it? At midnight on Christmas Eve? We don't even know him. I mean, we've met but never really talked. He was looking for you. Only now I'm thinking he must've been drunk, because when I asked him why he wanted to find you he said...he said he was in love with you. And then he hung up. That's it. Isn't that crazy? He's the man you're running against, isn't he? The one who never liked Mark? Anyway, give us a call. We'd like to see you this Christmas. You haven't swung by in a while."

Another message from Ruby came on right afterward. "Damn it, Adelaide, this isn't fair. Why the hell won't you pick up?"

Adelaide scarcely heard it. As she hit the stop button, her mother-in-law's message was still playing in her mind: He said he was in love with you.

Was it true? Would Maxim really have come right out and said that to Mark's parents?

Stunned, Adelaide slowly sank onto the sofa. Was she being as smart as she assumed? Or was she letting Mark ruin what she had with Maxim the same way he'd ruined the last few years of their marriage?

Her hand shaking, she reached into her purse, got her phone and turned it on. She'd missed eighteen calls from Maxim. Why would he spend his whole Christmas Eve trying to reach her if he didn't really care? He couldn't have been doing it simply to neutralize the opposition. The scandal that had broken tonight would cripple her campaign; he wouldn't have to worry about her even if she did keep running.

He said he was in love with you.

Her eyes welled up with tears as she dialed his number. She didn't really expect him to answer. Not after what she'd said to him at the door. But he did.

"Hello?"

"Maxim?"

"Yes?"

"I'm sorry. I-" Her voice broke but she battled through it. "I think I'm just scared."

"I'm not like Mark, Adelaide," he said. "You can count on me."

Recalling the way he'd hauled her out of that Cessna and made her dig that snow cave, Adelaide smiled. He was right. She could count on him.

"Will you come back?" she asked hopefully.

"Are you kidding? I turned around the second I saw it was you. I'm already pulling into your driveway."

Tossing her phone aside, Adelaide hurried to the door-and rushed into his arms as he came up the walk.

"Thank God," she said. "I thought I'd lost you."

EPILOGUE

AS ADELAIDE FINISHED arranging the last of the presents under the tree, she could hardly believe an entire year had passed since she'd been stranded in the Sierras. So much had changed since then-she'd dropped out of the race, gotten married, had a baby. But she didn't regret those changes; they'd all been good. She didn't even regret that Maxim was still in politics. Not only had he won the primary, he'd retained his seat in the November election, but the way he handled his job was so different from Mark.

"What are you thinking about?"

She smiled as Maxim walked into the room carrying Connor, their three-month-old. "How close we came to walking away from each other last year."

"We didn't come that close," he said.

She arched her eyebrows at him and he grinned.

"I was in love. I wouldn't have let you get rid of me that easily."

Returning his smile, she adjusted the garland on the tree. "Do you think Harvey ever regrets what he did?"

"I would guess he does. He loved California politics. I'm sure he wasn't happy when there wasn't another politician in the state who'd work with him."

"You have to be able to trust your campaign manager," she said. "It was nice of Luke not to hire him. He could've justified doing it, you know."

"No, Luke's a good man. He didn't appreciate what Harvey did, even though Harvey returned my money." He held up his son and laughed when the baby gave him a goofy smile. "I've been encouraging Luke to run for the state assembly."

"That's a great idea." She reached for the baby. "Here, hand him to me and grab his car seat. We need to head to the airport to get the girls."

Maxim checked his watch. "You're kidding, right? We've got an hour."

The wait was making Adelaide crazy. "Maybe they'll get in early."

"And maybe we'll have to drive around that pickup circle a million times until they show up."

"Come on." She waved him toward the baby's car seat, which was sitting near the sofa. "I can't wait to see them. And I know they can't wait to see the baby."

"They just saw him at Thanksgiving."

"But he changes so fast. And they love having a little brother."

"They love having a mother again, too," he said softly. "Thank you for being so good to them."

Adelaide didn't even have to try. They enriched her life as much as Maxim or Connor. "I never dreamed I could ever be this happy," she said.

He raised her chin to kiss her. "And I never dreamed I could ever be this much in love. Merry Christmas, Mrs. Donahue."

Adelaide closed her eyes as their lips met. She had everything she could ever want, thanks to one snowy Christmas....

A DUNDEE CHRISTMAS

Brenda Novak

To all those who have written to let me know how much they love my other Dundee stories:

1083-A BABY OF HER OWN

1130-A HUSBAND OF HER OWN

1195-A FAMILY OF HER OWN

1242-A HOME OF HER OWN

1278-STRANGER IN TOWN

1296-BIG GIRLS DON'T CRY

1344-THE OTHER WOMAN

1422-COULDA BEEN A COWBOY

CHAPTER ONE

WHEN THE RATTLETRAP truck crested the slight rise that showed Dundee, Idaho, looking stark and barren beneath several feet of snow, Cierra Romero nearly swore. She would have-those words were the easiest English to remember because she'd even heard them growing up in Guatemala-except she'd promised God that if He got her safely to this town, she'd leave all the bad habits she'd picked up behind. "Fu...dge! You gotta be freakin' kidding me!"

The farmer and his teenage son who'd brought her all the way from where her last ride had ended-a place called Boise-glanced at each other and started laughing.

Cierra lowered her eyelids but watched them as closely as she could without being obvious. She'd heard that expression a lot since coming to the States. Had she said it wrong? Or was it merely that they had never heard those words spoken with a Spanish accent?

She didn't know, but now that they were making fun of her, she was glad she hadn't bothered to listen when they'd given their names. Cierra made it a habit not to grow too familiar with people if she could help it. Especially white people. These men would drop her off in Dundee and go to whatever place they'd mentioned-the name had been unintelligible to her-and she'd never see them again.

It was better not to get attached. To anything. She'd even had to find a new home for the kitten Charlie had bought her when she arrived in Las Vegas-because all her dreams had died when he did, including her ability to take care of anyone or anything she loved. Maybe she'd never been fond of her American fiance. She hadn't gotten to know him well enough for that. Almost fifty years her senior, he'd chosen her from a bride website, and although he'd brought her to the U.S. more than two months ago, he'd spent most of that time in his office, running his business.

Still, she mourned him. Maybe he was as perverted as some people-those who disapproved-claimed he was for wanting to marry someone so much younger. But he'd been kind to her and, with the money he'd sent, generous to the three younger sisters who were living on their own in a squalid flat back home, counting on her to provide for them. Too bad he'd had a stroke and died the day before the wedding. If he hadn't encountered some complications with finishing up his divorce, they would've been married right after she arrived, and she wouldn't be floating around America on an expired visa, hoping to find a way out of her desperate circumstances.

"Dundee ain't what you expected?" the farmer said.

Hadn't she already made that clear?

Remembering that she didn't want to upset anyone, that she was living in this country only by the grace of God and would be sent back to utter hopelessness if anyone turned her in, she averted her eyes to hide her flare of temper. She might be as feisty as any Latina princess-at least, that was what her parents used to tell her before malaria took them to their graves. But she knew she had to appear somewhat docile if she wanted to get along as a foreigner in such a small community. "It will be fine."

"But you don't even have a suitcase."

Because she'd had to leave it when she caught the man who'd given her a ride to Salt Lake City hiding behind the building the moment they stopped for gas, using his cell phone when he said he'd be in the restroom. Afraid he was calling to report her, she'd run off, abandoning her clothes, toiletries and extra money, which were still locked in his trunk.

"Someone waits for me," she said, and desperately hoped that was true. Arlene, Charlie's ex-wife, hadn't been the nicest person in the world. She'd stepped in to handle the funeral arrangements and had eventually taken enough pity on Cierra to send her to work for some brother she hadn't seen in years, a brother who lived near this town of Dundee. But Arlene had been the most vocal about her objections to Charlie's plans-and the most unfriendly when Cierra first got to Las Vegas. Cierra had overheard her telling Charlie's neighbor that it wasn't fair he'd toss her out like an old shirt after she'd been with him for so long, just to indulge his pedophiliac fantasies. She said he was too old to father the baby he wanted, the baby she herself had never been able to give him, and that he didn't need to bring in such a young girl to do that, anyway. She said he was marrying a baby.

"Good. I'm glad you have someplace to go because it's awfully cold," the farmer said. "You wouldn't want to spend much time in the snow. Skinny little thing like you would freeze right quick. This area's experiencing record lows, just in time for Christmas."

Christmas... She'd been expecting a ring, a cake, a warm, dry place to live-for the next few years, at least. It was supposed to be her best Christmas ever. She'd believed that for once in her life she'd have the money to buy presents.

But maybe what had happened served her right for being so reluctant, in her heart, to marry an old man, even for the sake of her sisters.

"What day is it?" she asked. She no longer knew. The days were beginning to blur together. It was difficult to think when she was so hungry....

"December 16," the farmer's son supplied.

The sixteenth? Really? That meant it was Los Posadas, the first of the nine days of candlelight processions in her country, where children and adults alike carried the statues of saints through the streets to reenact the Holy Family's quest for lodging in Bethlehem.

The farmer brought them to a shuddering stop in front of a drugstore. "This okay?"

Since she didn't yet know how to find Arlene's brother, one corner was as good as another, wasn't it? "Fine. Gracias, senor." Bracing for the cold, she offered them a polite smile and got out. But as she reached into her purse to retrieve the slip of paper Charlie's ex-wife had passed along to her, she realized that what she was doing wasn't so different from the reenactments going on at home. She had nothing but this address and a stranger's promise that she'd be given shelter. What she found when she actually arrived was anyone's guess.

"SOMEONE'S AT THE DOOR," Brent said. "I'd get it, but...I'm a little tied up here."

Ken Holbrook lifted his head. They were working in the area off the kitchen, which was next to the living room, but he hadn't heard anything. "I don't think so."

"You might want to check. Maybe Mom and Gabe came up, even though we told them to let us get the cabin out of mothballs first."

"No, they had other plans." If anyone was at the door, it was more likely their real father. Since Ken had returned to Dundee, Russ had been dogging his every step, doing his damnedest to talk him into yet another loan, which he called "an infusion of working capital," for whatever business he was starting next. "No one's here," Ken said, hoping it was true. "There's a storm watch on."

Scooting over to get to his toolbox, Brent dug around blind since he was lying on his back and still had his head partway inside the furnace. He retrieved his wrench, then froze at the sound of a light tap. "There it is again. I'm pretty sure that's a knock."

This time Ken heard it, too. Had Brent invited Russ to the cabin? It'd be like him. Brent didn't feel the same resentment toward their father that Ken did. He'd been in elementary school when Russ was busy screwing up their lives, which had somehow imbued him with more forgiveness. But Ken didn't ask Brent, didn't want to talk about Russ, because he knew it would lead to an argument. Russ was the only thing they ever argued about.

With the wind kicking up, Ken still held out hope that it wasn't a visitor, especially their father. "I'll see what's going on. Just get the damn furnace fixed."

Leaving the cardboard box he'd been unpacking, Ken strode into the living room and peered through the peephole Gabe had drilled in the front door when their mother married him and they came to stay in this cabin that first summer. They didn't have any heat, so Ken didn't plan on opening it if he didn't have to. It was already cold enough to see his breath. But the moment he saw a petite woman with long dark hair standing on the porch without a hat, boots or much of a coat, he yanked the door wide-and gaped at the zip-up sweatshirt she wore with blue jeans and snow-covered tennis shoes.

They had a visitor, all right. But it wasn't their father....

Angling his head, he scanned the drive for a vehicle.

Other than his own Land Rover, which he'd parked outside because there wasn't room in the garage, he couldn't see one. How had she gotten so far into the mountains without a car, and dressed like that? "Can I help you?" he said uncertainly.

Chocolate-dark eyes, framed with the longest lashes he'd ever seen, appealed to him from a cafe au lait face. She was somewhere in her mid-twenties, and she was pretty. Really pretty. It was like finding Salma Hayek on his doorstep. But he was fairly confident the lack of color in her lips wasn't a good thing.

"I-I'm Cierra," she said, rolling the r's, and reached out to give him a piece of paper that'd been crushed in one hand. Before he could accept it, however, she swayed and would've fallen had he not let it go and caught her instead.

"Brent!"

A clang, and subsequent cursing, indicated that Brent had dropped his wrench. A few seconds later, Ken could hear his younger brother jogging toward him. Nothing Brent did was ever very subtle. He was only twenty-one and still in college, but he was bigger than Ken, although, at six feet two inches and two hundred and ten pounds, Ken had never been considered small-except, maybe, when analysts compared him to the front line in football.

While he held her, Cierra's eyelashes fluttered as though she was fighting for consciousness but, a second later, she lost that battle and her eyes drifted shut.

"What is it?" Brent asked, coming up from behind.

Ken turned to show him, and watched his brother's mouth fall open.

"Wow!" he breathed. "That's exactly what I wanted for Christmas. How'd you know?"

There was no time to acknowledge his joke. "Grab the purse she just dropped and fix a place to put her. I think she's suffering from hypothermia."

Brent dashed inside, just ahead of Ken, straight to the master bedroom, where Ken had left his bags when they arrived a few hours earlier, and peeled the plastic cover off the mattress. The cabin had been closed up for so long it had a musty odor, but that would go away once they aired out the place. At least covering the furniture had kept it from getting too dusty.

"That's good enough for now," Ken said so Brent wouldn't waste time trying to put on the sheets. "Take off her shoes."

"What about her jacket?"

"No, that's okay. It hasn't started snowing again, so just her feet are wet."

Brent removed her sneakers so Ken could put her on the bed. She was coming around. Moving her head from side to side, she muttered in Spanish. Then her eyes opened, and she gazed up at them with a sort of mute resignation that unsettled Ken. Wouldn't most women be frightened if they woke to the sight of two large men-total strangers-while sequestered in a remote cabin?

This girl didn't seem to be scared. But if heading back outside into the weather was her only other option, he could understand that. Or maybe she was even closer to death than he'd thought.

"We've got to get her warm." He grabbed the blankets they'd dumped at the foot of the bed and waved for Brent to lie down on one side of her while he lay down on the other. Sandwiching her between them with the bedding piled on top was the quickest way he could think of to raise her body temperature. At least her clothes were pretty dry. Otherwise, she probably wouldn't have lasted this long.

She didn't fight their proximity. Her eyes closed again and she remained perfectly still, cold as marble but malleable as a doll.

"She going to be okay?" Brent whispered after several minutes had passed and she hadn't spoken or moved.

Ken pressed two fingers to the side of her throat. "Heart's beating."

"That's good." Brent pulled back just enough to get a better look at her face. "Where do you think she came from?"

"Mexico."

"Quit being a smart-ass. I mean today."

"How should I know?" Ken responded with a chuckle. Because of the age difference between them, they'd never been especially close but that was changing. Ken couldn't wait until Brent graduated from Boise State. Already, they were talking about teaming up to run a series of football camps for kids in the summer.

After a short pause, Brent spoke again. "This seems a little weird."

Ken raised his head. "Having a beautiful woman appear out of nowhere?"

"Sleeping three to a bed...with you."

Ken might've laughed, but he couldn't. He was too busy gasping as their visitor not only moved but slipped her frozen fingers under his shirt and right up against his skin. Her teeth chattered as she attempted to burrow so close he got the impression she'd climb inside his skin if she could.

Brent arched his eyebrows, obviously demanding an explanation.

"I'd say she's doing better," Ken said when he could bring his voice down an octave.

This met with no small amount of suspicion on his brother's part. "How much better?"

"Don't get excited. She's figured out how, uh, to maximize the heat I'm offering, that's all."

Brent sounded sulky when he answered. "I'm offering heat, too."

Because she'd pulled away at his initial reaction, Ken covered her hands with his to let her know it was fine to take what she needed. He'd survived worse. "Yeah, but I'm always the lucky one."

"You're not supposed to get lucky. What about Isolde?" Brent challenged.

Fascinated by the number of women who congregated around professional athletes, his brother always asked about his love life. Brent had been cut from the college team and would never experience the NFL for himself, so Ken usually indulged him. But he didn't like talking about his former girlfriend. "I broke it off before I moved back here, and you know it."

"It's for good, then?"

Although Ken had spent two years with Isolde, even brought her to Dundee last Christmas, he'd given her up when he rejected the New York Jets' offer to renew his contract. She dreamed of a life in the Big Apple and had aspirations in fashion design; he dreamed of raising a family while owning several businesses in his hometown, including a dude ranch in the mountains he loved. He was even toying with the idea of helping their stepfather coach football at the high school he'd attended, which would feed into his summer camps with Brent. "It's over for good."

"No second thoughts?" Brent pressed.

Ken had a million of them. Not just about Isolde but about football. He preferred to leave the game while he was still at his best, to go out on top and with both knees functioning properly. But every once in a while, he wondered if he'd acted prematurely. Did he have another year or two left in him?

He'd watched quarterback Roger Liggett writhe on the field a year ago while the medics came running from the sidelines, only to learn Roger would never be able to play ball again. Maybe he'd let that spook him into quitting too soon.

"No second thoughts," he lied.

CHAPTER TWO

CIERRA'S FINGERS BURNED. So did her toes. When she was first carried into the cabin, she hadn't cared what happened to her as long as she was able to get warm. But once her body temperature began to rise, so did her ability to think. Now she realized she'd put herself in a very tenuous, and potentially dangerous, situation. There didn't seem to be anyone at the cabin except these two men....

"Gracias, I- We can get up now. I am...better," she said, but better was a relative term. She'd walked for hours in the cold, following the ribbon of road that was supposed to lead to the address on that paper. And she hadn't eaten since yesterday morning. Arlene had said her brother would provide work but Cierra had to make her own way to Dundee. She'd done that; in the process, she'd lost the little she had left of what Charlie had given her before his death and was down to...nothing.

The men shifted and sat up, allowing her to do the same. Hoping they might recognize the address she'd been looking for, so she could beat the worse of the storm that was already starting to batter the cabin walls, she dug through her pockets for the slip of paper that'd brought her this far. But she couldn't find it.

"Mi papel...my paper. Is gone!"

The older of the two, the man with brown hair and brown eyes, reminded Cierra of a cowboy she'd seen in a western Charlie had played for her one night. But not because of his clothes. Dressed in a sweatshirt and tattered blue jeans, he wasn't wearing cowboy boots or a hat. It was the way his hair lifted off his forehead and fell to the side, long on top but short everywhere else, and the contours of his lean face and body that suggested he could've stepped right out of High Noon-at least, she thought that was the name of the film. The movies she'd seen since coming to the States were beginning to run together. Charlie had played lots of them for her. He'd said they'd help with her English, reinforce what the tutor taught her during the day. But she knew he resorted to his movie collection when he didn't want the burden of entertaining her.

"That's what you tried to hand me, isn't it?" he said, and climbed off the bed as if he knew where it was and planned to get it.

Seemingly eager to reassure her, the man who remained in the bedroom smiled. "Where you from?"

Afraid to reveal the truth for fear it would result in a trip to the closest immigration office, she stuck with what she'd been telling everyone who'd given her a ride. "Las Vegas."

"That's pretty far from here," he said with a whistle. "How'd you get all the way to Idaho?"

"It is a...very long story. You do not want to hear," she added with a dismissive air meant to imply that it would only bore him.

He opened his mouth to argue, but she interrupted him with a question of her own. "You two-" she waved to indicate the man who'd left the room "-you are brothers, yes?"

"That's right. I'm Brent. He's Ken. What's your name?"

With strawberry blond hair and hazel eyes, Brent wasn't quite as handsome as his darker sibling. But since she rarely saw light-colored hair in Guatemala, she liked it a lot. "Cierra Romero."

The man he'd called Ken returned with the corners of his mouth tugged into a frown, but the memory of the tautly muscled stomach and chest she'd touched as she warmed her hands made Cierra feel a bit jittery inside-a sensation she'd never experienced before. Perhaps it was the hunger and the cold.

"I'm sorry. I can't find it," he said. "It must've blown away when you fainted."

But...she'd put all her faith in that note, which included a personal note for her new employer, as well as the address where she was to go.

In an effort to sustain this latest blow with some dignity, she covered her face but was simply too hungry and exhausted to stem the tears.

An uneasy silence fell as she cried. She understood that these Americans had no idea how to react to so much negative emotion. The poorest person she'd met in this country would've been rich as a king in her village, so she felt quite confident that these two men had never been through anything remotely similar to what she had. They'd never been unwanted visitors in a foreign country, had never slept in the street or begged ride after ride with strangers. And they certainly had no idea what it was like to go without food for days at a time. They probably thought she was crazy. Or a lowly beggar, trying to swindle them by playing on their sympathy.

But everything that had gone wrong since her parents died was her brother's fault. If he'd kept the family in Todos Santos, where they'd been raised, they might have had a chance of subsisting off the land, like everyone else. But no... He'd believed he could get rich by moving to the city.

Instead, he'd gotten into trouble and been sent to prison.

She wasn't her brother. So why was she humiliating herself in front of these Americans? Where was her pride? She would not represent her country or her family this way!

Wiping her cheeks, she blinked to keep more tears from spilling over her lashes and looked up at their stricken faces. "I-I apologize for interrupting your afternoon." She formed the words as precisely as she could, and got off the bed so she could put on her soaking shoes.

The two brothers exchanged a glance that seemed to say, What do we do now? Then the older one, the one she found attractive, came toward her. "What was so important about that note?"

"Nothing. Please, do not worry. I- It was my fault." If she hadn't gotten lost, this never would've happened. The last person she'd asked for directions had said to take a right at the fork in the road, but she'd never come across a fork, and she'd been walking all day. She must have missed it and needed to go back.

"A storm's moving in," Brent said as she tied her shoes. "I don't think you want to go back out, not without warmer clothes. How did you get here?"

Wasn't it obvious? "I walked."

"From where?"

She looked up at him. "Dundee."

"No kidding? That's a hike!"

"If you could tell us where you're trying to go, we could take you," Ken volunteered. "I've got a four-wheel drive."

Of course he did. He had everything. Like every other American.

But that was her brother and his anger talking. Cierra didn't want to let Ricardo poison her mind, too. She was just so...scared. Since her parents died, nothing had been right.

"That was on the note," she said with a wry smile.

The one called Ken blew out a sigh and scratched his neck. "I see. And you can't remember the address?"

She told them as much as she could recall, but it didn't help.

"That fork you mentioned-that could be anywhere between here and Dundee," Ken said. "We'd need more information in order to find it."

Cierra couldn't give them more information. She remembered some of the numbers on the note but not the words. They were too foreign to her. The English tutor Charlie had hired had focused on teaching her to speak. Writing was supposed to come later.

No one knew there'd never be a later....

"Do you have any other options?" Brent asked. Other options? She wasn't familiar with that particular word but the context helped her understand. She'd been right about these two. They had no sense of what it was like to live with no safety net. She was tempted to tell them her only other "option" was to go back to Guatemala City and sell herself on the streets. But she wasn't sure they'd believe her. And if they did, they'd pity her-or think she was a whore they could use themselves. Maybe she was breaking the law by staying in this country, but she'd come here legally. She hadn't wanted Charlie to die.

She had a right to survival, didn't she? She also had the right to protect her sisters from what they'd become if she couldn't send money....

Even if she didn't have that right, she would answer to God. Or the immigration office, if they caught her. Not these strangers who, by virtue of where they'd been born, were so much luckier than she.

"Yes, I do have another...option," she lied. "Thank you. I will go."

Ken and Brent followed her out of the room. "Can't we take you?" Ken asked.

She didn't have the strength to walk back to Dundee. And yet it was her best hope of finding an alternative position. Maybe she could be a maid, or a dishwasher, or a cook for one of the businesses she'd seen. Despite all the anti-immigration sentiment, Americans still hired illegals because they worked so cheap. And no one could cook as well as she could. Her brother had told her that a million times. "Yes, por favor. If you would be so kind. I will go to Dundee."

The good looking one, Ken, seemed vastly relieved that they'd found a solution. "No problem. Take this." Grabbing a heavy coat from where it had been tossed over a stack of boxes, he shoved it at her.

She hesitated. "This belongs to you, no?"

"Yes, but I'm fine. I won't need it."

When she still made no move to accept the coat, he took her hand and insisted she grab hold. "We're not leaving until you put it on."

Thinking she could give it back when she got out of the truck, she did as he said. It hung on her, came almost to her knees, but she was so grateful for the added warmth she ducked her head to zip it up just so they wouldn't see the depth of her relief.

"Let's go before the storm gets any worse," Brent said, and she hitched her purse over one shoulder as Ken led them out through a garage that, like the cabin, was stuffed with boxes.

"You are moving away?" If so, he had a lot of belongings. What could possibly be inside so many boxes? "Moving in. I just bought this place from my stepfather," Ken explained. "I'll be staying here until I decide where I really want to live."

"It is nice," she said, but her response was absentminded. She was no longer thinking about the cabin or the boxes. She was thinking about Ken's scent on the coat and how it made her pulse race. But that was childish. He wasn't the movie star from High Noon she admired so much. He lived in a completely different world and, after he dropped her off, wouldn't give her a second thought. He didn't matter. The only thing that mattered was what she'd find once she reached Dundee.

It was getting late, almost dinnertime. The valley was already buried in snow. And-she looked up in the sky-more was on the way....

CHAPTER THREE

WITH SO MUCH SNOW hurtling down, it wasn't easy to get off the mountain, even in an SUV. Had Cierra attempted her walk from Dundee any later in the day, she would've frozen to death-and wouldn't have been found until the snow began to melt. Ken couldn't believe she'd survived so long as it was.

While he drove, she sat rigidly in the passenger seat.

Sensing his attention when he glanced at her, she offered him another of her formal smiles, the kind that hid every thought behind it. He and Brent had both tried to talk to her, but she either pretended not to understand the question or she answered in vague terms. After an hour in the car, time spent creeping around each hairpin turn, they knew no more about her than they had at the cabin.

"Where do you want me to drop you off?" he asked as they finally rolled into town. He'd decided he wouldn't worry about her. He had his hands full with Russ and the changes going on in his own life. And she wasn't his problem. They didn't even know her.

Nibbling at her lip, she eyed the buildings they passed until she noticed the drugstore. When she pointed halfheartedly, he had the impression that she'd picked a totally random location, which was crazy. Something or someone had brought her, or coaxed her, to Dundee. Surely she couldn't be as friendless and destitute as she seemed. As soon as her friend, or whoever she'd been hoping to see, realized she hadn't shown up, they'd come looking for her, and all would end well, right?

"Here?" He pulled to the curb.

"Si. Gracias."

When she unzipped his coat, apparently to return it, he caught her arm. "No. Keep it. I insist."

"But...I have no..." Blushing furiously, she raised her hands as if to say she couldn't compensate him for it, but no way would he let her take off that coat. He wouldn't be able to sleep at night if he did.

"I don't want it. Really. It's extra. I was going to throw it away."

She stared at him. "In the garbage?"

The shock in her voice told him how wasteful she found that, but if it made her accept the damn coat, he didn't care about her opinion of him. "Right, in the garbage. You might as well take it."

With a brief nod, and a determined tilt of her chin, she got out and waved. When he didn't drive off as she expected, she lost some of her false confidence and stepped into the drugstore.

"What do you think?" Brent asked above the steady swish of the windshield wipers.

Letting the engine idle, Ken watched the entrance to the drugstore. "I don't think she knows a soul at the store or anywhere else in town."

"I don't, either. She's trying to make us believe she belongs here, but she doesn't. What's going on?"

Ken shoved a hand through his hair. "I wish I knew."

"Should we have offered her some money?"

He'd already considered that. "She wouldn't take it. She's nothing if not proud. Didn't you see how she reacted when I gave her the coat? She didn't even want to borrow it, let alone keep it."

Brent got out and climbed into the passenger seat. "So what can we do? It's not like we can tell her we were about to throw away our boots."

The thought of her feet in those wet shoes bothered Ken. So did the memory of that brief moment when she'd slipped her hands up his shirt and burrowed into him. She'd only been hoping for a few minutes of warmth, but a woman didn't take that kind of liberty with a strange man unless she was too young or naive to know better-or too desperate to care. And Cierra wasn't naive. Although he doubted she was quite as old as he was, she'd seen a lot of hard living. That much showed in her large, stunning eyes.

"There's nothing we can do," he said, trying to convince himself.

"And if we don't leave now, the roads could become impassable," Brent reminded him.

Giving the Land Rover some gas, he eased into the street. But he didn't get very far before his conscience dictated that he go back and do some more research.

When he drove around the block instead of heading up the canyon, Brent glanced over at him. "What are you doing?"

"I just want to see what she does next." Parking the Land Rover where she wouldn't be able to spot it should she emerge from the store, he got out.

Brent climbed out, too, and jogged to catch up with him.

With Christmas lights adorning almost every building in town, from city hall to the bowling alley to Jerry's Diner, and a Salvation Army bell ringer outside Finley's Grocery down the street, Dundee hadn't changed much over the thirty Christmases Ken had been alive. His ex-girlfriend had found his hometown the epitome of dull and boring. She hated the close-knit community, hated the feeling that everyone was a little too eager to get involved in their business. But Dundee's Norman Rockwell charm appealed to Ken. This was home to him. He wanted to raise his children where they could see his mother, stepfather and brother. His real father wasn't as much of a draw but, with his heavy drinking, Russ would need someone to look out for him in a few years. He was already having liver problems. Ken figured that, as the eldest, caring for Russ would fall to him.

Before reaching the entrance to the drugstore, he grabbed Brent's arm and peered through the window.

Cierra stood in the candy aisle holding something she obviously hoped to purchase-a Snickers bar?-while counting out change in the palm of her hand. But she didn't seem to have enough money. She searched her purse, checked every pocket, even the pockets of his coat and the floor, but eventually put the candy bar back.

"Oh, God," he muttered.

"What's the matter?" Brent asked.

"Why didn't we feed her?"

"She's hungry?"

"Of course she's hungry." But he'd been too worried about getting her wherever she needed to go to think about food. Efficiency had taken precedence over humanity.

"It's not as if we have bags of groceries at the cabin," Brent was saying. "Just those steaks we were planning to grill tonight. Feeding her would've meant asking her to stay for dinner."

And, had they waited, the storm could've made leaving impossible. But...he hated knowing she couldn't buy food. How long was it since she'd eaten? Walking from Dundee to his cabin would take all day. Unless she'd carried a sack lunch, she hadn't eaten since early morning, if she'd eaten then.

"So...she's broke?" Brent said.

"That's my guess."

Cierra wandered around the aisles, probably hoping they'd be gone by the time she came out. Staying inside, where it was warm, beat wandering the streets, in any case. It wasn't as if she seemed to have anywhere to go....

Suddenly, her head jerked up and she looked over at the cash register. The clerk must have asked if there was anything he could help her find, and that was enough to drive her into the cold. She gave the candy section one final glance, pulled the hood of Ken's coat over her head and started for the exit.

"What are we going to do?" Brent asked.

"Feed her," Ken said, and left the window.

When she stepped outside and saw them coming toward her, she turned the other direction. And when they followed her, she began to walk faster and faster until she broke into a run.

Afraid they were frightening her by chasing her down, Ken slowed and motioned for Brent to do the same. "Cierra!"

She turned. "Did you...did you want your coat?" she yelled above the wind as if she couldn't imagine any other reason they'd be following her. If he'd been wearing a jacket, she probably would've continued to hurry away.

Ken blinked the snowflakes out of his eyes. "No. We were...heading over to the diner to...get a bite to eat and thought...you might like to join us." He'd certainly never lacked for female companionship, but thanks to his football career, he'd always had the cards stacked in his favor. He couldn't remember meeting anyone, at least in Dundee, who didn't appreciate his background. So he wasn't sure how to handle this woman, who was so prickly and suspicious and unlikely to be impressed with what he'd achieved in professional sports.

"It has really good food," Brent added to entice her.

She was tempted. Ken could tell. But just when it seemed she'd agree to join them, she threw back her shoulders. "I am not a prostitute. I will no trade sex for money. Or...or food. Or coat."

"Oh, we don't expect that!" Brent said. "We only want to make sure you-"

Ken cut him off before he could put his foot in his mouth. Brent didn't understand that their help couldn't come across as a handout any more than it could come across as an attempt to get laid. "We're not asking for sexual favors. We were actually, ah, wondering if..." What could he have her do that she'd find acceptable? "If you could clean the cabin so I could get settled in." Now that they'd lost so much time driving her to town, they really could use an extra pair of hands. And it would be a fair trade. She'd work for what he gave her, which would keep her dignity intact. And she'd have food and shelter until he could figure out where the hell she was supposed to go, which would appease his conscience. "What do you say?" he asked.

"You are offering work for me?" she clarified.

The hope in her face put a guilty knot in his stomach. Even when his mother was primarily raising him and Brent on her own, with their father making life a lot more difficult than it needed to be, he'd never lacked the necessities. "Yes. In exchange for food and shelter."

"I clean. You will see no one speck of dirt," she assured him.

He managed a smile. He had no doubt she'd take as much pride in her work as everything else. "Great. That's what I'm looking for. Do we have a deal?"

When her gaze strayed to the diner down the street, he felt a fresh pang of remorse for not giving her a bite to eat at the cabin. "Si. A deal," she said. Then she thrust out her hand to shake on it.

CHAPTER FOUR

TWO WOMEN WHO ARRIVED after they were seated kept staring at the three of them while they ate, but Cierra didn't care. She was too hungry to be distracted. She'd never had a meal, not in America, that tasted better than the meat loaf and mashed potatoes she'd been served. And just when she'd finished everything on her plate, Ken decided he couldn't eat all his steak. He'd said it would go to waste if she couldn't eat it for him, so she'd polished that off, too.

His actions proved how spoiled he was. Who ordered an expensive entree and ate only a few bites of it? Brent had no trouble downing his lasagna. Like her, he seemed to be hungry.

But she didn't mind saving Ken's meal from the trash. She could've eaten five steaks. Or...maybe not five. By the time she'd swallowed the last bite, she actually felt full, but was able to make room for the banana cream pie Ken ordered for dessert.

It wasn't until Cierra had scraped every delicious crumb off her plate that she realized she'd eaten her pie even faster than Brent had eaten his. Self-conscious again, she lifted her gaze to find Ken watching her, his fork dangling halfway between his mouth and his plate, only a small portion of his pie gone.

"What? It is no good for you?" she said to cover her breach in etiquette. Throughout dinner she'd been careful to eat slowly and calmly, as a lady should, but when the pie arrived she'd grown sleepy and relaxed and wound up embarrassing herself.

"No." He pushed it toward her. "Go ahead."

She picked up her fork-then imagined how she must've looked shoveling that pie into her mouth a moment earlier. "I am...satisfied. Thank you." Pushing it away, she put her fork back on the table with a determined clink.

"It'll go to waste if you don't eat it," he threatened.

He said that about everything, and she was beginning to understand why. "Like the steak?"

"Like the steak."

"And the coat?"

He shrugged.

"Do you always throw away good clothes and food?"

"Easy come, easy go," he mumbled.

She probably would've given in, despite her fear of looking like a pig, but Brent spoke up before she could respond. "I'll eat it," he said, then yelped. Cierra guessed his brother had just kicked him under the table.

"Or...actually, no," he said. "I'm stuffed. You have it."

Cierra studied Ken, then Brent. Brent reminded her of the dog she'd had as a child. He was big and kindhearted, but a little goofy and oblivious to nuance. He had nothing to fear, no reason to be wary, because the world had always been a safe place for him. That was probably true of Ken, too, and yet...Ken noticed things. He'd given her his coat because she needed it, just as he'd had her eat his meal because he knew she was still hungry.

She'd have to be careful around him, watch her every word, every move, or he'd soon know far too much about her business.

"Please, let him eat," she said, deferring to Brent.

"Fine," Ken responded, and she smiled as she moved the pie over to Brent, who ate it with the same gusto with which he'd eaten everything else. Meanwhile, Ken took a plastic card from his wallet and reached for the bill.

"How much?" Cierra asked.

His eyebrows slid up in question.

"Dinero?" She held one hand to her chest. "For me?"

"Doesn't matter. You'll work it off, remember? I've got it."

"I just...need to know." How could she make sure she kept her end of the bargain if she didn't know how much she owed him?

He waved away her concern. "Don't worry about it."

She was about to insist he tell her when the two women she'd noticed earlier walked over. One, a blonde at least five inches taller than Cierra, was the prettiest white woman she'd ever seen. The other, a curvy brunette much closer to her own five foot three, was almost as pretty.

"Ken, it's so great to see you again," the blonde crooned as they embraced.

"It's been a long time," he responded. "How've you been, Tiff?"

"Fine. Busy with my new flower shop. And you?"

"I'm in transition right now, but...hanging in."

Eyes filled with avid curiosity, "Tiff" looked at Cierra, then flashed a brief smile at Brent before returning her attention to Ken. "Are you home for the holidays or..."

"I'm home for good."

"Really? When did that happen?"

Cierra was so taken with this woman's light eyes and hair, she didn't immediately notice that Brent seemed equally impressed with her beauty. He couldn't stop fidgeting. He put his hands in his pockets, took them out again, shifted his weight from one foot to the other, tugged on the bottom of his shirt....

"Just this week."

Cierra knew that these women found Ken as attractive as she did. Any woman would. Again, she remembered the feel of his smooth skin against her cold hands, the solidity of his body, and felt an uncharacteristic twinge of jealousy...

"Where've you been staying?" she asked.

"My parents' house."

A crease marred her otherwise smooth forehead. "Not Russ's..."

"No, he and Roxanne have split up again. I've been at Mom and Gabe's. But I'm moving into Gabe's old cabin today."

She gestured at the snow coming down outside. "If you plan on going up the canyon, I hope you have four-wheel drive."

This woman was obviously quite familiar with Ken and his family. Was she his girlfriend? She couldn't be, or she would've known he was coming back to town. But they had some history. Cierra could sense it.

"I've got a Land Rover," Ken was saying. "Hopefully, we'll make it."

"Tiff" finally bestowed a polite smile on her, but Cierra got the feeling she'd been leading up to her next question the whole time. "And who is this?"

After Ken cleared his throat, he made a formal introduction. "This is Cierra. Cierra, Tiffany Wheeler and Stephanie Jernigan."

Stephanie nodded and smiled but it was Tiffany who continued to speak. "Cierra what?"

Assuming Ken had forgotten her last name-she didn't even know his-Cierra filled in the blank. "Romero." Then, feeling woefully inadequate and homely by comparison to these sparkling creatures, especially in her damp and dirty clothes, she added, "It is a pleasure to meet you," in formal English, just as she'd rehearsed with her tutor.

The crease in Tiffany's forehead deepened. Cierra's response had somehow confused her. "Likewise," she said. "So...where are you from?"

The question elicited a pang of homesickness, probably because Cierra couldn't even say her village's name. She had to call the place where she'd been living with Charlie Spanos home-a sprawling metropolis she considered brown and ugly by comparison. The colorful lights that glittered at night served as its only redeeming feature. She'd liked it when Charlie drove her down what he'd called "the Strip."

"Las Vegas."

Tiffany turned to Ken. "Is that where you met?"

Cierra became conscious of the fact that she was wearing Ken's coat. Because it hung past her fingers and went down to her knees, and Brent was wearing his own coat, Tiffany would be unlikely to mistake its real owner. Cierra almost removed it and handed it back. She suddenly felt she was in the way of something happening, something she didn't understand, and didn't want to be. But it was too late. Returning Ken's coat would only make wearing it seem more significant.

"No," Ken said. "I...I have a friend who...recommended her to me, as a housekeeper."

Cierra wasn't sure why he'd lied, but she was grateful he hadn't embarrassed her by telling these women that she'd fainted on his doorstep.

"I see." Tiffany leaned toward her and lowered her voice conspiratorially. "Well...good luck with that. I hope he picks up after himself better than he did in high school." Straightening, she gave them all a charming smile. "I've got to get back to the shop. Brent, you're looking good, as always. Ken, call me when you get the chance."

"Sure," he said. "Nice seeing you."

They basked in the wake of her perfume for several seconds after she'd left. Then Brent seemed to snap out of his earlier hypnosis. "Man, she's gorgeous! Are you going to ask her out again or what?"

That flicker of jealousy bothered Cierra again-inexplicably-but Ken didn't answer. He walked over to the cash register and paid their bill. Then he waved them out ahead of him. But Brent kept talking. "I'm still not sure why you two ever broke up," he said. "You were so in love with her. Even Mom thought you were perfect for each other."

Ken pressed some button that unlocked the Land Rover. "I wasn't ready for marriage, and it didn't seem right to string her along if we weren't going to make the big commitment."

"She's had plenty of opportunities to get married since then and she hasn't," Brent said. "Word is she's been waiting for you."

"You're not the first person to tell me that," he said. "Get in."

They were climbing in when a big red truck stopped beside them.

"It's Gabe," Brent said.

Ken lowered his window and so did the driver of the truck. Although older, in his fifties, Gabe was a startlingly handsome man. Other than a touch of gray at the temples, he had hair that was even darker than Cierra's-black-but his eyes were as blue as Tiffany's.

"What's up?" Ken had to shout over the wind and the engine noise of both vehicles.

"Your mother sent me to the store," Gabe hollered back. "She didn't want to come out in this mess."

"Sure is ugly," Ken acknowledged.

Gabe shielded his face with one hand. "I thought you were at the cabin, getting moved in. What are you doing in town?"

"Errands."

Cierra saw a wheelchair fastened to the side of the truck but was distracted when she realized Gabe had spotted her-and was looking at her curiously.

"Where's Brent?" he asked.

Ken jerked a thumb over his shoulder. "In back."

"Here, Gabe," Brent called, and stuck his arm between the seats to wave.

"Hey." Gabe waved in response, but the way he used the handholds above him to adjust his position afterward suggested he was crippled, as Cierra had begun to suspect.

"Then, who is..."

Ken leaned back to accommodate his stepfather's attempt to get a better look at her. "Dad, meet my housekeeper, Cierra Romero."

Gabe's eyebrows shot up. "Did you say housekeeper?"

"Yep."

"I see. But...you've never mentioned a housekeeper. She from around here?"

"At this point, we're not sure where she's from, how she got here or where she belongs," he called back.

Cierra hadn't been expecting that. "I am from Las Vegas," she piped up, but she doubted Gabe could hear her and Ken didn't pass the information along.

Slinging an arm over the steering wheel, Ken eyed her skeptically. "Is that right?"

"Si." She nodded. "Like I told you."

He suddenly seemed more interested in her than in Gabe. "And what state is Las Vegas in, Cierra?"

His question took her by surprise. "You...don't know?"

"I'm wondering if you can tell me."

No one had ever asked her that before. Everyone knew what she meant when she said Las Vegas. Sometimes they even dropped the "Las." How did you like Vegas...? There's no place like Vegas.... What happens in Vegas stays in Vegas, huh?

"Ken..." Brent started to say, as if he'd help her, but Ken motioned for him to remain silent. "You know what state means, don't you?"

"Si." States were similar to "departments" in her country, weren't they? But she'd never heard the city Charlie lived in connected with any other name. So maybe Ken was trying to trick her. "Vegas is in...Vegas," she said.

"That's the state as well as the city?"

Her answer sounded plausible, and not too different from Guatemala City, Guatemala, where her sisters were living and waiting for her to send more money. "Yes."

Rolling his eyes, he turned back to his stepfather. "See what I mean?"

"What did you say?" Gabe shouted. The storm was too loud. He'd missed it all.

"She doesn't quite have her story straight," Ken said. "But we'll figure out where she belongs."

CHAPTER FIVE

SEE WHAT I MEAN?

She'd answered wrong, given herself away. The fear that mistake created hung over every move Cierra made for the rest of the evening and the whole of the next day. But she kept a running tally of her debts to her new employer. By midafternoon, she owed Ken Holbrook-he'd finally told her his last name-for three meals, the coat, shelter from the storm and a bed. She also owed him for the toothbrush, toothpaste, shampoo and soap he'd had Brent deliver to her bathroom last night.

It felt so good to have a few simple belongings, to be able to bathe and wash her clothes and brush her teeth. She was deeply grateful and determined to be fair. She'd stay and work, as promised, until he got settled in but no longer. At that point, he wouldn't have enough chores for her to do. And as soon as he tired of her, he'd call the INS, if only because he didn't know what else to do, and she'd be sent back to Guatemala, where she and her sisters would be turned in to the street.

Fortunately Cierra managed not to think about that too much, especially since every thought she had seemed to revolve around the way Ken looked or smelled or laughed. She knew she had no chance of attracting him-she was so different from those women they'd met at the diner-but she was equally certain that she was quickly becoming infatuated with him. Stupido! He'd barely acknowledged her today. She needed to be thinking about how she was going to care for Chantico, Nelli and Xoco instead of daydreaming about the minutes she'd been pressed up against him on that bed yesterday. Her problems would not solve themselves. Even her brother hadn't been able to provide for the family, not until he'd started augmenting his income with drug money. And without a man to work in the fields, there was no going back to Todos Santos. So, legal or not, she had to make her immigration to America succeed, had to earn money wherever it was possible to earn money and send some of her wages to Guatemala. A little went a long way there. If she could stop mooning over this handsome American, get on her feet and find steady work, they should all be able to survive-

"Something wrong?"

She blinked. Ken had come to the door of the kitchen and caught her staring off into space. After the past few weeks of grabbing sleep and food whenever and wherever she could, and often going without one or both, her strength wasn't what it used to be. But she went back to polishing the hardwood floor so he wouldn't think she was lazy. "No, nada."

Wearing a pair of faded jeans that rode low on his hips and a T-shirt that stretched across his broad chest, he seemed even taller than usual from her vantage point on the floor. Although he'd been working for much of the day, moving boxes around, unpacking, building shelves in the garage, he'd recently showered. Damp tendrils of hair fell against his forehead, and he smelled like the wood he'd used to start a fire. Brent had fixed the furnace, but they'd decided to light a fire for the effect. Cierra liked it, thought it made the place cozier.

"Cierra," he said as he came toward her.

She rocked back on her haunches. Today, he'd ignored her or had Brent deal with her. Ever since she hadn't been able to name the state that went with Las Vegas, she'd gotten the impression he didn't like her. So why was he suddenly showing interest? Did he think she was slacking or doing the floor wrong? "Yes?"

"It's time to stop."

"Stop?" She couldn't stop; she wasn't finished yet.

"Right. Except for a few hours' sleep, you've been working every minute since we got home last night. This place is coming together in record time. It looks good. That's enough for one day, okay? Take a break."

Was he getting impatient for dinner? She'd asked Brent to buy a few things at the store so she could make empanadas, and he'd left for town. But, as far as she knew, he wasn't back. "Si. Un momento. I am almost finish."

When she resumed polishing, he squatted next to her. "Finish tomorrow. Got it?"

"Brent, he is here?" She couldn't figure out any other reason that letting her continue her work would bother him.

"Not yet."

"Then...why can I not clean?"

He touched her hand. "Because I want to watch a game, and you're making me feel guilty. So...go to your room and...relax. Do something else. Get in the Jacuzzi. Read a book. Whatever."

She set her rag aside, as if she planned to do as he asked, but the moment he walked out and the television went on, she returned to her work. She thought he'd be completely engrossed, that he'd forget about her, the way Charlie used to. But he was back a few minutes later.

"What are you doing?" he demanded.

This time she couldn't meet his eyes. She'd flagrantly disobeyed his orders, and now he was angry.

"Cierra?"

Jumping to her feet, she grabbed her rag and the polish and tried to squeeze past him to go to her room, as he'd requested, but he stepped in front of her, blocking the way.

Assuming he expected an apology or an explanation, she scrambled to offer one. "I-I am sorry. I just want...perfect." She gave him a hopeful smile. "You comprende?"

He stared at her until her smile wilted and her cheeks began to burn. She'd used a pencil to put up her hair so she could keep it out of her way while she worked. Maybe he thought she'd been presumptuous in taking it from his kitchen drawer without asking.

Pulling it from her hair, she held it out to him. "Is this it? Is this why you are angry?"

"I'm not angry. And why would I care about a pencil?"

When she had no answer, he shook his head and his gaze lowered to her clothes.

Painfully aware that they didn't fit her very well, especially since she'd lost weight, Cierra bent to dust the dirt off her knees. "I will wash up," she promised.

Taking her hand, he put back the pencil and closed her fingers around it. "You deserve better," he said gruffly, and walked to the living room.

THE CABIN SMELLED FANTASTIC, so fantastic Ken couldn't concentrate on the game. Tony Romo was launching a pretty convincing attack against his former teammates, and yet he cared more about what was going on in the kitchen. And Brent seemed just as restless.

"Hey, can you quit it?" Ken asked. "I'm trying to watch the game."

Looking at the football he'd been tossing back and forth as if he hadn't even realized he was doing it, Brent threw it aside and Ken tried once again to focus on the drive the Cowboys were putting together. They'd already marched down the field to the thirty-yard line; a field goal could win the game. But it was no use. Inevitably, his thoughts wandered back to Cierra.

"Do you think she's okay in there?" Clearly Brent was preoccupied with the same thing. It'd taken Cierra all of twenty-four hours to win his undying loyalty. But Brent was an easy sell. He always had been. He was Russ's biggest champion, wasn't he? The only person Russ hadn't chased away over the years.

"She's fine," Ken said. And it was true-at least while she was here. But how long could he look out for her? She wasn't like a stray dog. He couldn't keep her forever. What would happen when he ran out of work for her to do? And how come she was wandering around the mountains of Idaho, penniless and homeless, in the first place?

She was proud, beautiful, capable. It didn't make sense that a woman like that couldn't provide for herself...somehow, even if she was an illegal alien. Heck, she could find a man to take care of her if she wanted. What had brought her to America on her own? Had she gotten involved in drugs and wound up homeless? Been tossed out on the street by an abusive husband or father who'd enticed her here? Been kidnapped in Mexico, smuggled into the States and sold into sexual slavery, from which she'd recently escaped?

He recalled her bold assertion that she was no prostitute. He couldn't imagine a former sex slave coming up with that. But she didn't seem the type to do drugs-or smuggle them, either.

The wind whistled through the eaves. Brent must've heard it, too, because he gazed toward the picture window, which looked out onto the front porch. "Another storm's coming in."

"I can hear it." The impatience in his tone surprised him. But he didn't want to talk about the weather. He didn't want to talk at all. "Are you watching this game with me or what?"

Obviously offended by the sharpness of his words, Brent glared at him. "I'm sitting here with you, aren't I?"

That hardly answered his question, but he had no right to take his bad mood out on his little brother. He wasn't even sure what had made him so irritable.

Blowing out a sigh, Ken got to his feet. "Right. Yeah. Forget it. I'm just pissed that the Jets are losing. Want a beer?"

Reluctant to forgive him that easily, Brent shrugged. "I guess."

"I'll grab one," he said, and escaped to the kitchen.

Cierra had stopped cleaning, but she was cooking. She'd nearly died from hypothermia yesterday, yet he couldn't get her to rest. She insisted that she "owed" him so many hours, as if it'd cost him a huge amount to give her a few meals and a place to stay.

She had her back to him when he entered the room. Apparently, she hadn't heard his approach, which gave him a second to watch her. She was tired, as he'd guessed. She'd dragged a chair over to the stove so she could sit in between stirring whatever she'd put on the burner, and she kept rubbing her temples as if she had a headache.

The floor creaked beneath his weight and she tried to hide her fatigue by jumping to her feet and shoving the chair back under the table. "You are hungry, yes? It is almost finish." She spoke with more cheer than she could possibly feel, considering her fatigue and the headache.

He walked over to peek into the frying pan, which contained ground beef mixed with onions, eggs and other things he didn't immediately recognize. "Smells good."

"Empanadas. You have tried?"

"No."

"You will like. Soon you will eat."

Going to the cabinet, where he'd lined up his vitamins, supplements and protein powder only a few hours earlier, he found the Tylenol and shook a couple of tablets into his hand. Following a particularly rough football game, he took four to help with the aches and pains. But she weighed half of what he did.

Together with a glass of water, he handed them to her. "Swallow these. They'll stop your headache."

"Oh. Si. Ouch." She tapped her skull with one finger and smiled to let him know she understood and appreciated the kindness. "Gracias."

He'd come in to ask her to level with him, to tell him exactly where she was from and what had brought her to Dundee. But knowing her situation would create a commitment of sorts, which was why he hadn't insisted on the truth so far. Why get any more involved than he already was? If she was an illegal alien, as he suspected, he'd have a duty to report her. But he didn't want to do that. It was Christmastime, for crying out loud. And maybe there was a good reason she'd left her own country. He didn't want to judge.

"Better," she said, even though the painkiller couldn't have worked yet, and put the glass in the dishwasher.

"Right. Everything's fine with you, perfect." If she could convince him of that maybe he wouldn't ask questions. Was that what she thought?

He knew she'd correctly interpreted his tone when a hint of wariness entered her eyes. But that only heightened his curiosity. Why was she so cautious, so secretive about her past? What was she afraid of? Deportation? Or was it something worse? He couldn't say, but she definitely didn't believe she could trust anyone-including him. "Si. I am fine," she said stiffly.

This was getting him nowhere. He couldn't even decide how hard he should push her, which added to his frustration.

Heading to the fridge, he got the cold beer he'd promised Brent, but didn't return to the living room. His new housekeeper wasn't someone life had chewed up and spit out. No doubt she'd hit a rough patch, but she didn't fit the drug addict/sex slave scenarios he'd concocted. She wasn't crazy or emotionally broken or undesirable. Just the opposite seemed true. So why was she in her current predicament?

"Cierra?"

No answer. She'd gone back to stirring the food as if it required all of her attention.

"Cierra," he repeated.

She didn't face him, but at least she responded. "Yes?"

"Look at me."

Setting the lid on the pan, she turned but there was no mistaking her reluctance to confront him. "Soon, you will eat."

Another attempt at diversion. She knew he hadn't been about to ask for dinner. "Someone, somewhere, must be looking for you," he said.

Her knuckles whitened on the spatula in her hand but she shook her head. "No. No one."

"That can't be true."

"Why not?"

He stepped closer, couldn't help testing her. She'd certainly kept to herself and out of his way so far. But she seemed to understand that he was challenging her and stood resolute, almost defiant, as she stared up at him. It was that fearless quality, along with her stubborn pride and her work ethic, that made him admire her, although she had nothing other than her beauty, not even a decent set of clothes, to suggest she should be admired.

"A woman like you...she doesn't get forgotten, doesn't go unnoticed."

"A woman like me?"

"A woman as beautiful as you."

She wasn't flattered; she knew he was merely stating a fact. Her only reaction seemed to be worry. "I will leave. Soon."

"I'm not asking you to leave. I just want to know who's looking for you."

"No one." She threw her spatula aside. "The man who wanted to marry me is dead, okay?"

Ken was doing exactly what he'd told himself not to do-digging into her past-but what she'd revealed demanded a follow-up. The man who'd wanted to marry her was dead? "When?"

"It has been three weeks."

Then why did she show so little emotion? Hadn't she cared for him? "Where? In Vegas?"

"Si."

"How'd he die?"

"A...stroke?"

Ken had expected an accident or a gang shooting, the type of death more common to younger men. He couldn't remember the last time he'd heard of someone under thirty dying of a stroke. "Was it some...rare disease that caused it?"

"He had a bad heart, and-" she struggled to remember the word "-diabetes?"

"I'm sorry to hear that. How old was he?"

"Seventy-four."

Ken made no effort to conceal his surprise or his disgust. "No..."

Her eyes flashed with anger. "Si."

"You were going to marry a seventy-four-year-old man? What are you, twenty-five? That's sick!"

Moving toward him instead of away, she lost the demure expression she'd adopted the past twenty-four hours-that of a housekeeper staying in the background, doing her work-and pounded a finger into his chest as if she was every bit his equal. "It is easy to judge when you have always had everything, is it not?" she snapped, and presented her back to him as she once again resumed cooking.

CHAPTER SIX

"WHAT DID YOU DO to her?"

Ken looked over at his brother. They'd eaten dinner and were back in front of the TV, but since the game was over, they were channel-surfing, looking for a movie or some other show to entertain them. "Who?"

"Cierra."

"I don't know what you're talking about," he said, but he did. During dinner, Cierra had been far friendlier to Brent and had positively beamed when he complimented her cooking. But, other than to set a plate in front of Ken, she'd barely acknowledged him.

"I think she's mad," Brent explained.

Reclining his chair, Ken crossed his feet at the ankles. "She's tired. And too proud for her own good."

Brent punctuated his response with a laugh. "And you're not?"

Ken clicked to a different station. "It's not the same thing."

"Sure it is. And maybe pride is all she has. Did you ever think of that? Why else would she guard it so fiercely?"

For once in his life, Brent had made a profound statement. Ken knew that comments like this stemmed from his little brother's sympathy for Russ, and his bitterness over the fact that Ken didn't share that sympathy. But just because he expected people to eventually get control of their lives didn't mean he had no empathy for their struggles. He was tired of being disappointed, that was all. How many chances did a person deserve? How many had Russ already wasted?

"She'll be fine in the morning." Tossing his brother the remote, he got out of his chair. "I'm ready for bed."

"What are you going to do about her?" Brent asked before he could leave the room.

Ken hesitated. "What do you mean?"

"She needs help."

"I know she needs help. What do you think I'm doing? I don't typically have the average homeless person move in with me, even at Christmas."

Lowering his eyes, Brent fidgeted with the remote. "But...this might not be a quick fix. I'm worried that you'll run out of patience. You're always so big on getting everyone to quit enabling others. And it's not like I can do anything for her. I'm just a starving student. I'll be heading back to school after the holidays."

They weren't really talking about Cierra, or not entirely. They were back to Russ again, the one subject they needed to avoid. So how did he respond? Most of his life he'd spent trying to figure out where caring and helping crossed the line to become detrimental to the recipient-and he still didn't have all the answers. "Dundee's fairly small," he said. "We've got to be able to find the place she was supposed to go. Now that I've gotten settled, I'll head to town in the morning and get it sorted out. Want to come along?"

Brent frowned. "I do. But I've already arranged with Gabe to paint that extra room in Mom's photography studio. It's a surprise for Christmas. Do you think you can handle it alone? Or maybe wait another day?"

Ken didn't want to wait. There was something about this woman that threatened him in a way he couldn't define. Maybe it was fear that he'd become even more responsible for her than he already felt. Or that he'd be tempted to enjoy more than her cooking and cleaning... "No, it's fine."

Brent stopped him again. "Ken?"

What now? Sometimes, Ken didn't like seeing himself through his younger brother's eyes. Brent perceived him as an authority figure, someone who was too old for his years, too disciplined, too unyielding. But Ken had had to be tough to survive, to be what their mother had needed him to be before she met Gabe. Brent had needed him then, too, although he didn't fully understand the dynamic that had created the differences between them. "What?"

"What if it isn't possible? What if you can't find where she belongs?"

"I will." Russ was enough of a challenge. With any luck Cierra would be staying somewhere else by tomorrow night.

HE FOUND WHAT HE WAS looking for so easily Ken almost couldn't believe it. Assuming he'd have a long day ahead of him, he'd left Cierra at the cabin where it was warm before dropping Brent off in town, but the search had taken only two hours. For one, thanks to the steepness of the mountain, there hadn't been as many turnoffs as he'd expected. He'd tried two or three, the ones closet to town, and eventually found the fork in the road someone had mentioned to her. Than, bam, the numbers she'd recited to him were there, affixed to a battered mailbox dangling from a wooden post.

Snow covered the driveway, left so long it'd hardened. Ice crunched beneath his boots as he made his way to the front door. But just because the walks hadn't been shoveled recently-maybe never?-didn't mean anything. The cabin was more of a shack, in poor repair, but that could be the very reason the owner needed to hire help. Perhaps he or she planned to clean it up....

Or...maybe this wasn't the right place, after all.

It fit all the parameters he'd been given, but Ken hoped there was another house in the mountains surrounding Dundee with 11384 in the address because it didn't appear that anyone was living here. A small, one-car garage leaned into the cabin. Assembled out of various building materials from bricks to corrugated metal to fencing material, it looked like a junkyard creation, a haphazard afterthought. And, judging by the snow piled against it, the door hadn't been lifted in some time.

Heavy drapes, closed tightly over the windows, made the cabin itself seem dark and empty. There were no Christmas lights, no decorations at all. But it was a remote location, a small outpost built on the same mountain as the property he'd just bought from Gabe. It didn't really make sense to decorate when there wasn't anyone around to see the result. He didn't have any lights up, did he?

As soon as Ken raised his hand to knock, the curtain moved, telling him someone was home. Whoever it was had peeked out at him. But that same someone seemed reluctant to open the door.

Trying to be polite, he waited a minute or two before knocking again. Then he called out, "Hey, I know you're in there. I'm not here to bother you or cause any trouble. I just need to talk to you about a young Latina woman who's been looking for this place."

"What's her name?" a male voice responded.

Whether or not he'd be admitted seemed to depend on his answer. "Cierra Romero."

There were several thumps and other noises. When the door eventually opened, Ken realized it'd taken so long because the gaunt, fifty-something man staring out at him had been busy shoving stacks of junk out of the way so he could reach the entry.

What kind of person barricaded himself inside his own house? Ken wondered. Then it dawned on him that he'd met this man before-many times, although he hadn't paid much attention back then. Mr. Baker had been the janitor when he attended Dundee High School. According to town gossip, he'd been fired several years ago for cornering a female student in the bathroom and trying to feel her up.

Was that true? The question itself was enough to give Ken pause.

"My sister called me, said she was coming." Deep-set, bloodshot eyes peered out of a skeletal face as Baker craned his neck, searching for Cierra in Ken's SUV. When he didn't see her, he did what he could to smooth down his hair, which was standing up as if he'd just rolled out of bed. "Where is she? It's a cold winter. I could use the company."

Company... The scents emanating from the cabin threatened to turn Ken's stomach. Alcohol. Urine. And cats. Lots of cats. "She, um, she-" Somehow Ken couldn't bring himself to divulge Cierra's location. Not yet. He had too many questions that needed answering. "You mentioned your sister," he said, changing gears midsentence. "Where does she live?"

"Vegas. Her ex was going to marry this girl. Brought her all the way from Guatemala. But he croaked the night before the wedding, and then nobody knew what to do with her, so I said I'd take her."

How magnanimous of you. But what did it mean? She wasn't a piece of secondhand furniture. "You...you were thinking of...marrying her?" Envisioning Cierra stuck in this cabin with this man created mental pictures Ken did not want to see. Someone so young and beautiful couldn't possibly be happy here, especially if she had to service this disgusting person.

"Arlene didn't say that was part of the deal."

"Arlene?"

"That's my sister. Charlie's ex-wife."

"And Charlie is..."

"The man who was going to marry this girl, then died."

"Why was someone so old planning to marry someone so young?" Ken asked.

"Are you kidding? What man wouldn't love that?" he said with an appreciative laugh.

His response made Ken's skin crawl. "So you plan to...what?"

"Maybe I'll marry her," he responded with a shrug. "If we hit it off, eh?"

Stuart Baker would never bother with marriage. Why would he? That would require a trip to town, and it looked as if he avoided public settings at all costs.

Or maybe he would go to the trouble. As his wife, Cierra would have even less chance of escaping him.

"I see."

"So...where is she?" he asked again.

Ken masked his inner turmoil with a pleasant smile. "I'm afraid I have some bad news. She wanted me to make sure you received word that she won't be coming."

"What? Why not?" He sounded indignant.

"She, uh, she changed her mind. Decided to go home."

"To Guatemala."

"Yeah."

Baker's eyes narrowed suspiciously. "What about her sisters?"

Oh, God-there was more? "What about them?"

"Arlene told me they'd starve if she went back. Her parents are dead. Her brother's in prison. There's no way for her to support what's left of her family."

And it gets worse. "You were going to help her do that?"

"Me? You kidding? I don't have the money to support a whole family, but I can make sure she has a place to stay and gets a meal now and then. At least she won't starve with them."

Ken wondered if Baker had made his demands, and his limitations, clear from the beginning. Cierra had come a long way in hopes of reaching this location. She wouldn't have done it if she hadn't believed she could find legitimate work and save her sisters. After only two days in her company Ken knew that much. "Fortunately, you don't have to worry about her." He rubbed his hands together to warm them. "She's taken care of."

Baker leaned close. "You went to a lot of effort to tell me she's gone."

Ken met his gaze. "She asked if I'd pass the word."

"Because you two are friends?"

"We bumped into each other in town."

"Sure you did." His eyes swept down to Ken's boots and back up again. "You'd think a handsome football star like yourself could get enough women in bed without taking from the rest of us."

Ken hadn't necessarily expected Baker to recognize him, but he wasn't surprised. Even the folks in Dundee who didn't know him personally knew of him. Around here, being a professional athlete made him something of a celebrity. But he wasn't pleased by the implication. "What did you say?"

He noticed that two teeth were missing as Stuart stretched his lips into the approximation of a smile. "No offense, Slick. Just keep me in mind when you're done with her, huh? I'm not going anywhere."

Ken's hands curled into fists, but he couldn't say what came so readily to his lips. If he threatened Baker, told him to stay away from Cierra, the INS, now called ICE, which stood for Immigration and Customs Enforcement, would likely show up at his door. Then she'd be on the next flight to Guatemala. His coming here had obviously betrayed her presence. "Sorry but we're both missing out. Since she's gone."

"Right. She only came north to go south again."

"Apparently."

"Just keep me in mind, like I said." And he shut the door.

CHAPTER SEVEN

WHAT NOW?

Ken drove up and down Main Street while trying to decide. He couldn't turn Cierra over to ICE, not after hearing about her situation. If she and her sisters couldn't survive in Guatemala, sending her back there wasn't an option. And no way in hell would he ever allow Stuart to be around her. He had more of a conscience than that.

But he couldn't let her stay, either. She was too close to his age, too attractive, and that meant, as a single man, he couldn't have her living with him. Last night he'd lain awake thinking about what it might feel like to touch her, to kiss her. And that wouldn't do. Not if he was planning to see Tiffany again. After having dated for so long in high school and college, they'd always expected to end up together. Now that it was time to settle down and start a family, he needed to get serious about finding a wife-not have a wild fling with some Latin American beauty. Especially when he knew that wouldn't help Cierra at all.

Someone honked. Blinking, Ken focused on the traffic around him and realized his father had just spotted him.

Shit... Bumping into Russ was the last thing he wanted.

Ken waved, hoping that would suffice, but his father motioned for him to pull over and Ken couldn't ignore him. He felt too much of an obligation toward Russ, who'd alienated everyone else in his life; all he had left were his sons.

After parking in front of the hardware store, Ken got out and slogged through the slush as Russ rolled down the window of his old Camaro. This Camaro didn't have any heat, so Ken had bought Russ a new truck last Christmas, but he must've sold it or given it to someone he owed money because Ken hadn't seen it since he'd unveiled the big surprise.

"Hey, what are you doing in town?" Russ asked. "Your mother told me you were at the cabin getting settled in."

Feeling guilty for not having returned his father's call a few days ago, Ken shoved his hands in his pockets. A pale blue sky stretched in all directions, but the air was bitterly cold, and he hadn't yet replaced the coat he'd given to Cierra. "I had to pick up a few things," he explained. "It's just a quick trip. I'm heading right back."

"That's too bad. I was hoping we could grab lunch."

"Not today. I've got a lot to do. But...soon," he promised.

"Let's set a date. I have a business opportunity that'll blow your socks off. Now that you're not playing ball, you gotta start looking at investments, you know? That money you earned won't last forever."

Ken already had investments that were performing quite well. He owned a video-game store in town and the dude ranch and didn't want to squander any more money on his father's latest network marketing scheme. It wasn't as if giving Russ an infusion of cash ever really improved his situation. After he lost whatever amount Ken had provided, he simply came up with a new business idea and asked for yet another "loan."

But Ken didn't want to get into an argument on the street. "Maybe we can talk about it after the holidays."

"When?"

"I don't know. January sometime."

"Give me a date, and I'll call up this guy I want you to meet." As usual, Russ pretended to be oblivious to his reluctance and kept pushing.

"After the holidays," he said again.

"Right. But we'll get together before then?"

"Of course."

"Hey, did you see the Jets get their asses handed to them by the Cowboys last night?" Russ chortled. "I tried to call you, but it went straight to voice mail."

Ken hadn't checked that message yet, or any others. He'd been too preoccupied. But he wasn't surprised the game had triggered another call. The Dallas Cowboys had always been his father's favorite team. It still grated on Ken to hear him talk about them. The entire time Ken had played for New York, Russ had badgered him to see if he couldn't arrange to be traded. "My boys had a bad night," he admitted.

"Bad night," Russ repeated, laughing. "Now that you're not there, the Cowboys could beat them any night."

Ken could've brought up their record against Dallas, which wasn't as one-sided as Russ suggested, but he knew that wouldn't help. His father wouldn't drop it no matter what. He'd just talk about rushing yardage or passing yardage or some other statistic where the Cowboys reigned supreme.

"I still can't believe you quit ball before playing for Dallas," he lamented.

Other than not being good enough to play himself, this was his father's greatest disappointment. But Ken had a few disappointments where Russ was concerned, too. His alcohol addiction was one of them. "Yeah, well, they'll be fine without me."

"You sure you don't have time for lunch?" he asked, and as Ken stared into the banged-up Camaro, with its torn seats and missing door handle on the passenger side, he knew he couldn't refuse. Difficult though his father could be, he was still his father.

"I guess I could squeeze it in."

AS THE HOURS PASSED, Cierra grew so nervous it was hard to continue working at her usual pace. She hadn't heard a word from Ken or Brent since they'd left after she'd made breakfast. Had they found the address on that paper she'd had in her pocket? Would she have a permanent place to stay, a good job, a chance to make everything that was wrong in her life right?

She prayed she would. Finding a job without some kind of introduction or sponsor would be practically impossible in Dundee, which seemed so...white. She stood out here. She'd probably have to move to a bigger city, where it was easier to blend in. But that would require time and the money to survive until she found work, and she had no resources. Her sisters had to be getting low on money, too. It'd been three weeks since she'd sent them anything. If she didn't land a paying job soon, they could lose their home despite her efforts.

The minute she heard the grind of the motor that raised the garage door-now that they'd cleaned out so many of the boxes, Ken could park inside-she hurried to the living room to greet him.

"So?" she asked as soon as he came in. "What did you find?"

Both arms full of sacks, he brushed past her on his way to the kitchen. "Nothing. I searched and searched but-" he put what he carried on the counter "-I finally had to give up. It's a waste of time. We don't have enough of the address."

She tried not to reveal the despair that settled over her. "I see. Of course. You did...all you could. Gracias. You were...good to look so hard."

The way he immediately turned his attention to the items he'd bought made her wonder if he was upset. "I don't want you to worry," he said tersely. "We'll figure out...something."

But she didn't want to be a burden on anyone. Especially a man she found as appealing as Ken. "Where's Brent?"

"Working on a project for my mother. He'll be staying in town for a few days."

"Oh."

He looked up at her. "I said not to worry, okay? You'll be fine."

"But my work here is almost done-"

"No, it's not. I still need your help."

"For what?" She waved around them. "Already I dust and vacuum and straighten cupboards. And I-I clean your room. Iron all your clothes."

"You did?"

"Si."

"Even my jeans?" She nodded. "Si."

He didn't act as if that was normal, but he didn't complain. There's the Jacuzzi room and the gym. But you can do that later. It's time to get started on this." He gestured at the bags.

He'd bought tons of Christmas decorations-glittery rope, tinsel, red and gold balls and other ornaments, fresh pine boughs, lights. "You want me to...put this up?"

"That's right." He pulled a nativity set from one of the bags. "Christmas is in less than a week."

She'd been in the States long enough to know that most Americans decorated for Christmas. A lot of people in her country did, too. Guatemalans had Christmas trees and nacimiento-nativity sets-and presents under the tree. Although they focused more on Christ than Santa Claus, and the adults exchanged gifts on New Year's, their traditions weren't too different. But, other than buying presents for his family, she hadn't expected Ken to bother with any of the usual Christmas trappings. Was his family coming for dinner? "Is it company?"

"Company?" he repeated.

"Company...it is coming?"

The nativity set he'd bought looked expensive. She liked the sight of his large hands removing the fragile porcelain figurines from the packaging, which had Lladro written on the side.

"No."

"And yet you spend...so much money?" That seemed completely impractical to her. After getting to know him, at least as well as she had the past two days, she couldn't imagine that he was truly concerned about Christmas decorations.

He set the porcelain manger on the counter with the rest of the stuff. "Why not? Women like this sort of thing, don't they? Look, it's pretty. You like it, don't you?" It was pretty. But as far as she knew, she was the only woman who'd see it. Had he bought all of this for her sake? To cheer her up because he'd known she'd be sad that he hadn't been able to find where she belonged?

Although he'd deny it, she suspected that might be the case. Christmas decorations, no matter how beautiful or expensive, didn't solve her problems, but the gesture was so thoughtful she didn't want him to feel he hadn't pleased her. Especially because it did please her. "Si. Of course." She fingered the Christ child that would remain absent from the nacimiento of her fellow Guatemalans until placed there on Christmas Eve. "This is...pretty, as you say."

"Cierra..." A serious expression claimed his face.

"Yes?"

He hesitated as if he didn't know how to say what was on his mind. Instead of trying, he ran a finger down the side of her cheek. "I'm sorry."

At his touch, her disappointment vanished beneath a giddy excitement the likes of which she'd never experienced before. She couldn't breathe. At first, she'd tried to tell herself that she preferred Brent to his more complex brother, but it wasn't true. Brent just seemed safer. And he probably was-because she wasn't attracted to Brent in the same way. "You-you have nothing to be sorry for," she managed to say. "You have been very...generous to me."

When his finger reached her chin, his gaze dropped to her lips. "You're shaking," he murmured. "Are you afraid of me?"

"No." But she was afraid of how he made her feel. She couldn't fall for a man with whom she had a far better chance of getting pregnant than getting married. In her situation, she had to make sacrifices, had to trade her youth, beauty and sexual favors for marriage, money and citizenship. Maybe what she had to do was too mercenary for most Americans to understand, but that was her reality. And there was no way that deal would hold any interest for Ken, who could have any woman, even the gorgeous blonde from the diner. Marrying another man like Charlie was the best Cierra could hope for. She had to be practical, understand her limitations. Her sisters were counting on her.

"I think maybe I'm a little afraid of you," he said.

She would've laughed, except she was pretty sure it wasn't a joke. "Do not worry," she said. "I will be gone soon. I promise."

CHAPTER EIGHT

KEN DIDN'T UNDERSTAND what had come over him in the kitchen. All the while he'd had lunch with Russ, picked out the tree, which he'd strapped to the top of his Land Rover, and shopped for the decorations, he'd been cursing whatever had led Cierra to his doorstep. And yet he would've kissed her a few minutes ago if she hadn't backed away.

He should get on the phone, see if he could find someone else who might be able to hire her as a cook or a housekeeper. Maybe one of his married football buddies needed a nanny for his kids-except he couldn't imagine any wife being pleased about living with another woman as attractive as Cierra. There was a reason that men having affairs with their nannies had become a cliche. Also, because she wasn't a citizen yet, he'd have to be discreet in his inquiries, which would take time, and it was spending time with her that worried him. When he'd told her he hadn't been able to find the address she seemed to think would be her salvation, she'd tried so hard to bear up under the disappointment, to show her gratitude for the little he'd done, that he'd wanted to pull her into his arms.

He would've assumed that reaction came largely from a desire to protect and console the less fortunate, except that whenever he imagined holding her, they were both naked. That was the part that shocked him. He'd pointed a finger at Mr. Baker for having a prurient interest. He certainly didn't want to be guilty of the same thing.

"Can I ask you a question?" He'd already dragged in the tree and wrestled it into its stand. Now they were putting on the lights. So far, they'd worked mostly in silence, probably because Ken hadn't been able to think of anything except the softness of Cierra's cheek and the way she'd looked up at him when he'd touched her, which wasn't something he wanted to talk about. Her rapt expression had sent a charge of sexual awareness through him, and he was still fighting its effects. He was pretty sure she knew that-and understood that getting involved with him would not be good for her. Every time they accidentally brushed hands or stood too close, she moved out of reach.

"Cierra?" he prompted when she didn't respond.

Her expression remained guarded. "You may ask, si."

"Will you answer?"

"Maybe yes." She gave him a tentative smile. "Maybe no."

He'd tried convincing himself that her personal life, especially her sex life, was none of his business. But ever since she'd mentioned her seventy-something-year-old fiance, he'd been burning with curiosity. "Did you sleep with him?"

She didn't bother pretending she didn't know who he was talking about. "Why do you ask, Senor Holbrook?"

It was too intrusive a question. He'd been aware of that. "Well, senorita-" he winked as she grinned at his response "-my mind keeps going back to it."

"Because..."

Because he was a man and any man would wonder. Because he was turned on by her. And because he didn't like what she'd been through.

In the interests of keeping things simple, however, he chose Answer Number Three. "Allowing the old men of one country to exploit the young women of another because of economic need is...wrong."

"But I was grateful to Charlie," she explained. "Without him...I had no hope for...so many things."

Now that Charlie was gone, was that hope lost? It had to be, right? Her situation had grown even worse. And yet Ken couldn't help being glad that old Charlie had kicked the bucket. Picturing someone fifty years her senior pawing at her made him cringe.

She continued to talk, picking her words slowly, carefully. "He offered me...a fair offer, one I...say yes. I make the choice."

But she'd had no choice. Not really. Not with her sisters' well-being on the line. "That doesn't answer my question," he said.

No longer willing to meet his gaze, she insisted they finish winding the lights around the tree. "We were engaged. And I was living with him."

"Only the two of you were there?"

"Si."

"For how long?"

"Two months."

"But you knew his ex-wife."

"She was angry, bitter. She come over to argue with him about divorce all the time."

"Did he have kids?"

"No. He said that was what he wanted from me. A baby."

"So that's a yes? You slept with him?"

A grimace twisted her lips. "He said we were married...in our promise to each other, si? And I was afraid...I was afraid he think I no keep my word."

She'd feared he wouldn't help her sisters if she refused. That was the real story, and it was exactly the type of thing Ken had been afraid of. "That's definitely a yes."

She didn't confirm it, but she didn't deny it, either.

Stuart Baker cornering a young woman in the high school lavatory didn't seem a whole lot different. Cierra had felt cornered, too, or she never would've agreed to marry this Charlie, let alone allow him to touch her. If he'd really wanted to help someone in a third-world country, why hadn't he donated to the Red Cross?

Because he wanted to help himself, first and foremost. It was the self-interest driving this "buy a bride" scheme that bothered Ken. That and the inequitable distribution of power in such an arrangement. "And?"

The question surprised her. "And?" she repeated as they finished with the lights and added garland.

"Was it as bad as I'm imagining?"

Lines formed on her forehead. "I no want to talk about it."

Ken interrupted her as she reached into a box of ornaments. "He didn't hurt you, did he?"

She stared at the angel she'd grabbed. "No."

Could he believe her? Maybe. Maybe not. But he had one other concern. "Is there any chance you could be pregnant?" In his view, that was the only way her situation could get worse.

"No."

He released her. "You're sure?"

"Positive."

"How positive?"

"Stop! I know because...he could not...could not..." She sighed in frustration as she struggled to find the right words. "Father a child. You understand?"

"You mean he was sterile? Or impotent?"

"I don't know the meaning of those words."

"He couldn't get it up, couldn't get hard?"

Face flushing crimson, she whirled around to hang her angel ornament on the tree.

"That's right, isn't it?" he pressed.

"Si." Her answer was muffled, but he heard it.

"So how could he expect to father a child?"

"He said a doctor would help."

"So how did he have sex with you."

She waved him off. "Stop!"

"Okay." He waited until she finally looked up at him. "Just tell me one more thing."

"What?" she asked suspiciously.

"How'd you get through it?"

Climbing the short ladder he'd brought in, she began hanging ornaments on the upper branches. "I close my eyes."

"And pretended he was someone else?"

She didn't respond but a guilty smile gave her away.

"Who?" he pressed. "An old boyfriend?"

"No."

He handed her another box of ornaments. "Who?"

Rolling her eyes in exasperation, she attached several snowflakes to the tree. "I can no tell you!"

"Why?"

"You will laugh."

She tried to return the empty box, but he wouldn't take it. "Now you have me really curious."

"The cowboy lawman in...a movie, okay?"

"What movie?"

"It was called...High Noon?" She scratched her head as if puzzling out whether or not she'd named the correct one. "Si, that is right. High Noon. May I have more snowflakes?" He did laugh. "Where did you see that old show?"

"Charlie played it for me after I arrive."

Accepting the empty box, he passed her some icicles. "So you think Gary Cooper was handsome?" "Si."

"I'm sure my mother, and her mother, would agree with you."

Her hair caught in the tree, and Ken got up on the ladder to free it. "How did it feel when Gary Cooper made love to you?" he murmured as they stood there together, only inches apart.

He thought she'd refuse to answer this, too. It was more inappropriate than anything he'd asked so far. But she surprised him.

"Like it should, I think."

"You've never been with anyone else?" he asked.

"No. My father, he was...very strict." She made a fist to show "strict."

"A woman who is not a virgin is no worth much."

She wasn't a virgin now. But that didn't matter to Ken. "Your father planned to sell you?"

"Sell me? No! Make a contract."

Wasn't it the same thing? In a situation like that, how was a marriage license any more than a piece of paper? "That's what you call it?"

"He had heard of others...doing the same. But he no want to do it. Only if...if things get bad...really bad."

"Desperate."

"Si. Why else would he send me away?"

Learning that even her father planned to use her upset him enough to curb the arousal playing havoc with his thoughts and emotions. He wouldn't take advantage of her. He wanted to help her without making her feel she had to perform any "services" for him. Granted, Ken was tired of Russ creating his own problems and then flailing around, looking for someone to rescue him. But Cierra wasn't like that. Cierra was a victim of circumstance.

Stepping off the ladder, he plugged in the lights. "What do you think?"

"Beautiful," she whispered.

"That's what I think, too," he said, but he wasn't talking about the tree.

CHAPTER NINE

THAT NIGHT, CIERRA LAY in bed awake, staring up at the ceiling and breathing in the scent of pine, which pervaded the whole cabin since Ken had brought the Christmas tree inside. After they were done decorating, he'd lit a fire while she grilled the steaks he'd taken out of the freezer and they'd eaten together.

Being with him was completely different without Brent. It was far more intimate and, because of that, more unsettling. Every once in a while, she'd glance up to find him watching her. She knew what he wanted. She was pretty sure she wanted the same thing. She'd never made love to a man of her own choosing, a man as virile as the lawman she'd always fantasized Charlie to be.

Ken had reminded her of that lawman from the beginning. Perhaps she'd never have another chance to be with someone she found even more handsome than Gary Cooper. She'd soon leave this place and, she hoped, get work until she could secure another husband via the website. Who knew how old the next guy would be?

But everyone she met in America was temporary-white faces that would soon pass out of her life. Someday, she'd be able to go home. And she didn't plan on taking an illegitimate baby back with her.

The floor in the hall creaked. She could tell that Ken was as restless as she was. At first she thought he might come to her room like Charlie used to. Although she'd allowed him into her bed, she'd insisted on having her own room until the wedding. But then she remembered the moment she'd been standing on the ladder with Ken, when he'd made the decision not to touch her, and how determined and resolute he'd acted since. He'd laughed and teased her, shown her a romantic movie and given her a T-shirt to wear to bed, but he'd kept his hands to himself.

"How did I end up here?" she whispered into the silence. She could never have imagined a place like Dundee, or a man like Ken, while living in Todos Santos. Maybe she should be grateful to have shelter, but it was torture being in the same house with him. She craved the pleasure Charlie's fumbling hands had on rare occasions hinted was possible, knew Ken could deliver what Charlie had been unable to. But she doubted they'd be having this problem if Brent had stayed at the cabin. Without him, they had too much privacy to explore what they were feeling.

Earlier, Ken had offered to let her use the Jacuzzi. He'd said it would help her sleep. She hadn't taken him up on it because she didn't have a swimsuit. But she was interested now.

She waited until she was almost certain he'd gone back to bed, then found her way to the gym mostly by touch. The Jacuzzi was located to one side of it, enclosed in glass. Except for patches of moonlight that filtered through the pine trees outside, the room remained cloaked in darkness that felt as thick as the steam rising from the water.

She liked this place, with its smell of chlorine, its wooden pegs draped with fluffy white towels and the moon and stars reflecting off the snow outside. Wondering what the people of her village would make of a glass room that looked out on a snowy mountain, she smiled wistfully as she dipped her foot in the water.

Hot. Just as she'd hoped...

She pulled off Ken's T-shirt as well as her panties, since they were the only pair she owned, and stepped into the water. The inky blackness made her feel safe despite her lack of clothing-until she came up against a man's leg. She could feel swim trunks, but it still surprised her. She gasped and might've screamed if Ken hadn't spoken when he did.

"It's only me."

Only? "I-I did not realize you were here. I am sorry to interrupt you...your Jacuzzi bath. I will leave."

He caught her wrist. He didn't tug her toward him, but he didn't release her, either. She got the impression he was waiting to see how she'd react.

"Ken?"

"Are you sure you want to go?"

"I should." That didn't really explain what she was thinking and feeling, but he seemed to understand.

"Yes, you should." He dropped her wrist, but still she couldn't bring herself to get out.

"Cierra?"

"Yes?"

"You're still here."

"Si."

"Why?"

"I do not know."

She heard the water sluice off him as he stood.

"My heart, it's pounding," she whispered.

"So is mine. See?" Taking her hand, he placed it on his chest.

She wasn't sure she could feel his heartbeat, but she felt warm skin covering hard sinew. Mesmerized, she let her fingers slide curiously over it, then up his neck to hold his face between her palms. Just touching him made her feel as if she was being consumed by liquid fire.

"Kiss me," he murmured.

Don't think. Let go. Just once. Rising up on tiptoe, she touched her lips to his and heard him growl deep in his throat. He liked the contact-and so did she. She felt him coaxing her to deepen the kiss and was soon thrusting her tongue as eagerly into his mouth as he was hers.

She wasn't sure if he realized she was naked. He hadn't touched her except to lightly settle his hands at her waist, which meant it wasn't too late to slip away so that he'd never learn. As far as he knew, she could be in her bra and underwear, right? But she didn't want to go. She allowed him to guide her between his legs as he sat down. Then he held her in place as his mouth moved to her breast.

He knew she was naked, all right. Despite the darkness, he must've seen her undress. Or maybe he'd heard the soft plop of her clothes when they hit the cement.

Instinctively, her hands moved to his head. She intended to push him away, to put an end to this before it went too far. But she'd overestimated her willpower. Instead of insisting he stop, she moaned at the sensations he brought to life and anchored him against her.

His mouth traveled up, licking the water from her neck along the way. Then he eased her down on his lap and, although it was covered by fabric, she could feel the part of a man that had no longer worked for Charlie.

Obviously, Ken didn't have the same problem.

KEN WAS DOING EVERYTHING he could to hold himself in check. He'd thought he could pleasure Cierra without getting too carried away. What was the harm in some skinny-dipping? Kissing? Maybe even a little exploring? None-except he couldn't seem to stop.

"Maybe we should think about this," he said.

"No!" she gasped.

Laughing at her emphatic response, he lowered his head to look at her face. He had condoms in his room. Should he bring her there to finish what they'd started?

He was still trying to decide if his conscience would agree to it when she kissed him again. It wasn't the most artful kiss he'd ever received but the simple sweetness of it seared him to the bone. With kisses like that, he doubted they'd make it to the bedroom. He already had one hand on her breast while the other searched for even more sensitive territory.

He'd just reached his goal when someone called his name. Cierra heard it, too, and went rigid. "Brent!"

"I'll take care of it." Setting her away from him, he whispered that she should stay there. Then he got out of the Jacuzzi and wrapped a towel around his waist before his brother could come looking for him.

"Brent?" he hollered as he walked out.

By now his brother was halfway across the gym. "I thought you might be in the tub."

"I was just getting out." Putting a hand on Brent's shoulder, he steered him back toward the kitchen. "What are you doing here? I didn't expect you for a day or two."

"I told Mom about Cierra. She wanted to send some clothes for her, insisted I bring them right away."

"Clothes from where?"

"From the store. Where else? She spent the entire afternoon shopping and loved every minute of it."

"But...how did Mom know Cierra's size?"

"I told her she was small."

Ken knew how small. If he closed his eyes, he could still feel her beneath his hands.

"If these don't fit, we can take them back and get others," Brent was saying. "Where is she?"

"She went to bed a while ago." Which was true. Ken just didn't mention that she'd slipped out.

"Good thing I didn't knock on her door." Brent pointed at the decorated tree. "She do all this?"

No way was Ken going to admit he'd helped. Brent would find it a little too amusing. "Yeah."

"Looks nice. Where'd she get the stuff?"

"I brought it back when I went to town earlier." "Really?"

Ken scowled. "What's the big deal?"

"I didn't think you'd decorate for Christmas, that's all."

"It's not like I'm Scrooge."

"No, not Scrooge. Just...I don't know if I would've done it."

"I thought Cierra could use the distraction."

"Good idea." He sounded impressed. "You locate the address you were looking for this morning?"

Figuring it was best to tell everyone the same story, Ken shook his head. "Nope. No luck."

His brother clicked his tongue. "What are we going to do about her?"

If Brent hadn't shown up so unexpectedly, Ken would be making love to her. He couldn't seem to focus on anything except the feel and taste of her. "I don't know. I guess I'll hire her until we arrange something better, huh?"

Brent frowned at the floor. "You didn't dry off very well. You're getting water everywhere."

"What? You're Mom now?" He punched his brother in the arm. "I'm beat. See you in the morning." He went to his room and stayed there until he heard the television go on and knew Brent was occupied with a movie. Then he crept back across the gym to get Cierra. Now that he'd had time to clear his head, he realized it'd been a mistake to touch her as intimately as he had. He couldn't start dating again if he was sleeping with his housekeeper. What kind of a lecher would that make him?

As he opened the door to the Jacuzzi and smelled that first blast of chlorine, he was trying to decide how he was going to apologize and tell her about his change of heart.

But he didn't have to say anything. Apparently, she'd already come to the same conclusion. When he got there, she was gone.

CHAPTER TEN

CIERRA BURROWED BENEATH the covers of her bed, seeking refuge and comfort. So much had changed in the past few months; she'd changed. She hardly recognized herself anymore. She'd come to America to get married. Instead, her fiance had died and now she was staying in a remote cabin with the reincarnation of the handsome movie star she'd fantasized about for the past three months. But that didn't mean she was suddenly going to live a fairy-tale life. She had to protect her heart, keep herself together and do whatever was necessary to survive. Her determination was all she had.

Her door opened slightly. "Cierra?" It was Ken, speaking in a low voice so Brent wouldn't overhear.

Was it too soon to pretend she was asleep? She knew it was, and yet she didn't want to discuss what had happened. She preferred to forget it, chalk it up to the general insanity and misfortune she'd encountered since her parents died. "Yes?"

"Are you okay?"

"Si. I am fine." Would he come in, expect to be welcomed into her bed, despite Brent's presence?

She hoped not, and yet she had mixed feelings when he didn't even try. "I'm sorry. I got carried away. It-it won't happen again," he said, and the door clicked shut.

A KNOCK AT THE FRONT door woke Cierra the next morning. She assumed Ken or Brent would get it but, when they didn't, she began to wonder if, as their housekeeper, that was her job.

Climbing out of bed, she rubbed her eyes and checked the alarm clock on her nightstand. It was barely eight. Who would drive up to the cabin so early?

She put on her only pair of jeans, smoothed down Ken's T-shirt, which she'd worn to bed, and ran her fingers through her hair to make herself as presentable as she could in ten seconds. Then she hurried to the living room. She was just reaching for the door handle when she heard Ken behind her.

"Who is it?" he asked with a yawn.

"I don't know." She stepped back in case he wanted to answer it, but he stayed in the hall and motioned for her to go ahead.

A second later, she was facing Tiffany Wheeler, who was doused in the same perfume she'd had on at the diner. Her hair, makeup and clothing were as perfect as ever, too.

"Hi." Tiffany's smile faltered when she saw that Cierra was, once again, wearing Ken's clothes, especially when she spotted Ken and he wasn't wearing a shirt.

Cierra knew that, at first glance, it looked as if they'd been in the same bed. But she shouldn't have worried that Tiffany might suspect any such thing. A second later, Ken's ex-girlfriend shrugged and broadened her smile as if this couldn't possibly be what it looked like. Ken would never be interested in someone like Cierra. Cierra had nothing to compete with.

"You're getting all settled in, huh?" She spoke to Ken as though Cierra wasn't standing there and held up the plate she carried so he could see it. "I made you some homemade cinnamon rolls for breakfast."

"Come on in. You caught me sleeping but I'll grab a shirt."

Cierra dutifully took the rolls and closed the door behind her.

"Place looks great," Tiffany said while Ken was gone. "Did you do all this yourself?"

Cierra and Ken had done it together, but she didn't think he'd want her to mention that. He hadn't told Brent last night. She'd heard him say she'd done it all. "Si."

As Cierra put the rolls on the dining table, Tiffany noticed the nacimiento displayed between the couches and Ken's chair and crossed over to it. "Oh! I saw this at Gerdy's Boutique and wanted it myself," she said, her eyes wide. "Isn't it gorgeous?"

Maybe she'd get it someday. She wanted Ken, too, didn't she? "Si."

Tiffany studied her for a moment. "You know, you have really pretty eyes. If you'd like to come over sometime, I'll help you put on a little makeup. It wouldn't take much. Your skin is already flawless. A bit of mascara on those lashes and you'd be stunning."

Stunning. Cierra didn't feel she could ever be stunning. Not compared to Tiffany. But she had to give Ken's ex-girlfriend credit for trying to be nice. Or was Tiffany merely making it clear that she didn't view Cierra as any kind of threat?

Mom thought you were perfect for each other. Brent had said that about Tiffany and Ken. And they probably were. They even looked like they belonged together. So what would one half of that equation want with a blue-collar illegal immigrant from Guatemala who had three sisters to feed?

Ken reappeared, looking as good as if he'd taken the time to shower. He hadn't. He'd merely put on a pair of jeans with a sweater and house shoes, and combed his hair. But he didn't need to do much. With his rugged face and muscular body, he was attractive no matter what. "How about one of those rolls?" he said.

"I will make coffee." Cierra ducked out of the room as soon as she felt it was safe to do so without appearing rude. But the kitchen opened onto the living room and, even though they'd lowered their voices, she could hear Tiffany and Ken talking about her after she'd left.

"Your housekeeper is so sweet, Ken. How old is she?"

"I haven't asked, but I'm guessing she's about twenty-five."

"How long have you had her? Was she with you in New York?"

"No. We met when I flew in to Boise."

Cierra peered out through the crack in the door. Tiffany stood close to Ken, and touched his arm at every opportunity. "You're lucky to have someone like her. It's got to be nice having help. Does she cook?"

"She does. She hasn't made a lot yet, but what she's served has been terrific."

"Mexican food?"

"Guatemalan."

"You'll have to ask her if she'll teach me a dish or two."

"I'm sure she wouldn't mind."

"Awesome! That would be fun!"

"Hi, Tiff!" When Brent joined them, Cierra returned to the stove to prepare eggs and bacon. She wasn't certain whether additional food was expected with cinnamon rolls, but she preferred to keep busy. That made it easier not to obsess about Tiffany.

"You drove all the way up here just to bring my bum brother some rolls?" Brent's voice carried back to Cierra, but she knew Tiffany's response wouldn't be as loud. Wanting to hear it, Cierra tiptoed over to the door.

"Actually, I came here because I wanted to ask him a question." She seemed a little nervous despite her usual confidence.

"What is it?" Ken's face was filled with curiosity.

Tiffany glanced from Ken to Brent and back again. "Some of my friends, three different couples, are going skiing at Silver Mountain Resort tomorrow, then staying over at a cabin. I was hoping you'd be my date."

Ken's mouth dropped open. "Uh, that sounds good, but I'm not quite settled in-"

"I'll be around to take care of what's left," Brent said. "Me and Cierra. Go, have a great time."

Hands in his pockets, Ken cleared his throat. "Right, it's the holidays, after all. So...sure, I'll come."

"Thank you!" Tiffany threw her arms around him, then hugged Brent. "Can you pick me up at my place first thing in the morning? Around six?"

"Sure."

"Because of the storms, I think we should take your Land Rover, if that's okay."

"No problem."

"I'm glad you can come," she said, and started for the door.

"You're not staying for breakfast?" Brent asked.

"No, I've got a lot to do today so I can be away from the flower shop. But enjoy the rolls. Smells like the coffee's ready."

"Thanks." Ken showed her out, then turned back to his brother. "That came out of nowhere, didn't it?"

"Are you kidding?" Brent replied. "You know Tiffany's been waiting for you to come home for years. How can you be surprised?"

Ken didn't respond.

"You're going to have a blast," Brent added.

"Yeah, should be fun," Ken muttered.

Cierra hurried to the stove but could still hear Brent's booming voice. "This is the beginning of the end for you, bro. You're going to make the big commitment soon. I can feel it."

Again, Ken didn't reply, but Cierra agreed with Brent. Why wouldn't Ken want Tiffany? What was there not to like?

Nothing. Tiffany had everything a man could want.

KEN COULDN'T HELP wondering what Cierra had thought of Tiffany's visit. She wouldn't look at him as she served breakfast, so he knew she'd heard their conversation. Was she mad?

She must think it was weird that, after saying he wanted to make love to her, he'd accept an overnight invitation from another woman. He knew it made him seem shallow and insincere, as if he'd attempted to use her, and he hated that. He wanted to explain that he'd only accepted Tiffany's invitation because he didn't want to embarrass her by refusing. The whole community had expectations for them that made him feel obligated. But maybe it was better to forget what had happened last night rather than address what had happened today.

Of course it was. Cierra didn't expect anything from him. So why did it bother him so much that she might be upset? What was it about this dark-skinned beauty in her ill-fitting clothes that affected him on such a gut level? Was it just that she was different, unique, a challenge because of that damn pride? If so, he couldn't be sure the attraction would last. He'd never met a woman he couldn't forget with a little time. And Tiffany was...Tiffany was the woman everyone had always thought he'd marry.

"What's going on around here?" Brent broke the silence.

Ken peered at his brother over the rim of his coffee cup. "Excuse me?"

"You're both so quiet." He motioned to Cierra, who had her back to them as she loaded the dishwasher.

"I think we're all tired." Predictably, Cierra said nothing. She was blending into the background again. But Ken knew her feelings weren't as neutral as she pretended.

Brent slapped the table. "You should be jazzed, man!"

Ken couldn't bring himself to agree, because he wasn't. "It'll be okay," he said with a shrug.

"Why are you acting so weird?" Brent asked.

A knock interrupted them, relieving Ken of the need to reply. Someone else was at the door.

"Hey, if that's one of Tiffany's friends coming to invite me, I'm in," Brent said, and jumped up to answer it.

Ken followed him into the living room. But it wasn't one of Tiffany's friends. It was Russ.

What could their father possibly want now? Ken had already caved in and given him some money just to get him to stop asking.

"What's up, Dad?" Brent asked.

"Not much." Taking off his baseball cap, Russ shook the snow from it onto the mat. "I just came up to meet the new housekeeper."

Ken thought he must've misunderstood. Had Russ just mentioned the housekeeper? How did their father know about Cierra? Ken certainly hadn't talked about her. He'd figured the fewer people who knew, the better, at least until he could decide what to do. "Did Gabe say something?" he asked in confusion.

His father pulled his cap back on. "No. Stuart Baker showed up at the bar last night complaining to everyone who'd listen that you'd stolen his future wife." Russ laughed as he said it, but Ken didn't find it funny.

"He what?"

"Who's Stuart Baker?" Brent asked.

No one answered him.

"He was pretty pissed about it," Russ went on. "When he wouldn't quit bitching about you, we nearly went at it. I told him I'd know if you had a woman up here. But he was so adamant, I began to wonder. Especially when he said you should learn to keep your pants zipped or someday you'd run into someone who'd make you sorry you didn't."

Ken felt his muscles tense. "Baker isn't pretending to be that guy, is he?"

"He hinted that he'd like to do what he could. But that was the alcohol talking. He wouldn't even fight me," his father added with another chuckle.

Ken was tired of his father's barroom brawls and was glad this one had been avoided, even if Baker deserved a beating. Ken didn't need anyone to stick up for him.

"Keep his pants zipped!" Brent repeated. "Ken hasn't been sleeping with Cierra."

The image of Cierra standing naked in front of him flashed through Ken's mind. Did almost count? In the hours since the Jacuzzi, there were plenty of times he'd wished that Brent hadn't come home when he did. Now he was back to being glad.

"Baker had better shut up before I pay him another visit," he said. "Cierra doesn't need him running around, stirring up shit." Not if, as he suspected, her visa had expired.

Russ's eyebrows shot up. "That means it's true? You've got some Guatemalan woman living here?"

Afraid that Cierra had already overheard most of what had been said, Ken held up a hand. He wanted to send her off to clean the gym or something before they discussed this, so they could speak freely. But that didn't stop his clueless brother from calling after him.

"Wait a second! You found the address she was looking for? Why'd you say you didn't?"

Now it was too late to keep this quiet. He didn't know if Cierra was listening, but he felt he had to answer Brent in a way that everyone could hear and understand, just in case. "I didn't want her there," he said. "It wasn't a good place."

"But...you told me you didn't find it." Brent sounded confused.

"Because it wasn't a good place, like I told you. You should've seen it."

"Why would you lie about that?" Brent asked. "When you've been dying to get rid of her?"

Ken grabbed his brother's arm. "Will you shut up?"

"She's in the kitchen," Brent snapped. "She can't hear us."

His brother could be so obtuse. "Just shut up," Ken said again. Then he scooped his keys off the coffee table and stalked out. He didn't want to deal with his father right now. He didn't want to deal with Brent, either. And he most certainly didn't want to see Cierra's face if she'd heard one word of what they'd said.

"Where are you going?" his father called after him.

"I've got stuff to do." He slammed the door on his way out.

CHAPTER ELEVEN

WHILE KEN WAS GONE, Brent gave Cierra a whole pile of new clothes. He said they were a gift from his mother, that his mother expected nothing in return, and kept pushing her to try them on. But she didn't want to touch them. She wasn't happy about the clothes or anything else. She felt sick inside. For several reasons. For wanting to be with Ken so badly she'd humiliated herself by believing, even if she wouldn't acknowledge it to herself at the time, that he might be genuinely interested in her. For hoping the situation could be different. For burdening him when he wished to be rid of her...

"So what do you think? It's pretty, right?"

Forcing herself out of her thoughts, she refocused on Ken's brother. He was waiting for her reaction to the last item he'd taken from the bag-a sweater he laid on the couch.

"Beautiful," she breathed, and allowed herself to finger the soft knit. It was beautiful, one of the prettiest sweaters she'd ever seen. But that didn't change how she felt about accepting such an expensive gift.

"So try it on!" he said.

Realizing that he didn't understand her resistance and was disappointed as a result, she finally nodded and carried the clothing into her bedroom.

Almost every item fit. She'd come out to show it to Brent, so he could feel he'd accomplished what he'd set out to do. He'd tell her how wonderful she looked in it. Then she'd try on the next thing and thank him again. It was an agonizing process for her, but when it was all over he seemed satisfied and eventually left for town to finish some painting for his mother.

Once the sound of Brent's engine dimmed, Cierra donned her old clothes and sank onto the bed next to the pile he'd attempted to give her. These garments were so much better than anything she'd ever owned, so similar to what she'd seen Tiffany wear. She thought she might have a chance of capturing Ken's interest if she could look more...American. More...affluent.

But she couldn't pretend to be something she wasn't. New clothes didn't change who she was or remove her responsibilities.

Getting his T-shirt from where she'd put it in a drawer earlier, she folded everything into a neat stack and laid his coat across the top. She didn't want to take any of it. She preferred to leave knowing she'd worked for the food and shelter he'd provided and that he was no worse off for having met her.

The phone rang, but she ignored it. As of this moment, she no longer worked for Ken, so it wasn't her place to answer. She was on her way out-but just as she reached the front door, she saw the nacimiento he'd bought for her to enjoy and paused in regret.

Would it be so terrible to take a small token to remember him by?

No. He probably wouldn't even miss it. Christ wasn't supposed to be in the manger yet, anyway.

KEN RETURNED TO THE CABIN relieved and excited. He'd spent most of the morning at his mother's place, calling every associate he could think of, searching for a legitimate position Cierra could fill. And he'd found one. Lawrence Smith, a guy Ken had known in college, was living in Boise. Recently divorced, he had full custody of his three children and ran an import company that specialized in plywoods from Ecuador, the Philippines and Guatemala. His current nanny was getting married and moving to California the first of the year, which meant he needed a new one. And he didn't mind that, for the time being, Cierra wasn't a U.S. citizen.

The only hard part had been convincing Larry to hire Cierra instead of the woman he'd already interviewed, and to do it sight unseen. But Ken had vouched for her and promised to compensate Larry if she didn't work out. Fortunately, Larry had been mollified when he learned that Cierra spoke English as well as she did. He considered it a bonus that his caregiver would be able to communicate with his children and teach them Spanish, since he frequently traveled to Spanish-speaking countries.

Eager to tell Cierra the news, Ken had tried to call the cabin, but she hadn't picked up. And now that he was home, he couldn't get her to answer when he called her name. Where was she? In the Jacuzzi?

That would surprise him. She wasn't the type to relax in the middle of the day. It wasn't like her to hang out in her room, either, not when there were boxes that needed to be unpacked.

He checked her room-and saw some clothing stacked on her bed. Judging by the tags, all still attached, these were the clothes his mother had bought. And, of course, he recognized his shirt and coat.

"Cierra? Hey, you around?" He already knew she wasn't. That clothing told him as much. But he looked in the Jacuzzi room. And the gym. And the patio out back. He even unlocked the old workroom, where Gabe used to build his furniture. She wasn't anywhere.

It wasn't until he came back to the living room, however, that he realized she was gone for good. That was when he spotted the nativity set he'd bought, remembered how much she liked it and noticed that something was missing.

AT LEAST IT WASN'T snowing. And this time Cierra had a name; that would make the search easier. The slip of paper she'd brought from Vegas had probably held the same information, somewhere in that jumble of writing. If only Cierra had paid more attention to the details, she might've arrived at Baker's in the first place.

Almost as soon as she'd started walking, two older women, Darla and Deanna Channing, sisters in their early seventies, pulled over to see if she needed a ride. They were taking advantage of the break in the weather by heading to town for supplies. Apparently, they owned a cabin not far from Ken's.

Cierra had planned to start her search for Baker once she reached Dundee. She'd thought she'd have to go there to find someone who knew him well enough to give her directions. But when she mentioned his name, Deanna, the driver, said she used to be Baker's schoolteacher. Not only did she know him, she knew where he lived and offered to take Cierra there.

Certain her luck had finally improved, Cierra felt her spirits lift-until they got to his cabin. Then she wasn't sure what to do. The decrepit old shack looked as if a strong wind might blow it down the mountain. She knew Ken wasn't impressed with the place, but she hadn't expected it to be quite so bad.

"This is it?" she said, stalling.

"This is it. His mother used to be a good friend of mine, God rest her soul. She lived here, too, before she passed four years ago."

Darla, the sister, frowned. "Doesn't look as if he's done much to keep up the place."

Maybe he couldn't, Cierra thought. Maybe Baker was poor, like her. If that was the case, she didn't want to discriminate against him. She knew what it was like to be treated differently because of her economic status.

But there were the comments Ken's father had made about Baker. Ken's family didn't hold him in very high esteem....

Grasping the door handle, she paused. "Do you know much about your friend's son?"

"No." Deanna adjusted the wool hat she wore to keep her ears warm. "There were some allegations once-"

"Allegations?" she interrupted, asking for clarification.

"She doesn't understand that word," Darla cut in.

Deanna patted her hand. "Never mind, dear. It doesn't matter. His mother told me he had a boss who was out to get him, that he was falsely accused of some wrongdoing. But I'm not one to pass along gossip so we'll leave it there."

Gossip... Was that what Ken and his family had been reacting to? Cierra hoped that was all it was.

Thanking the sisters, she climbed out, but turned back when Deanna lowered her window. "Would you like us to wait for a few minutes?"

Relieved, Cierra nodded, then approached the front door and knocked twice.

No one answered.

"I don't think he is home," she called back.

The Channings briefly conferred. "Would you rather go to town?" Deanna asked.

Why would that help? She'd only been going to Dundee in order to find this location. "No. I will wait."

"You're sure? It's cold out, young lady."

"I am warm enough. And...the sky is clear today, yes?"

"For the moment," Deanna grumbled, as if it could change quickly. But she promised they'd stop on their way back to make sure Cierra wasn't still standing on the stoop, and pulled away.

Cierra knocked several more times, just because she had nothing better to do, and was surprised when she finally heard a noise from within.

"Hello? Is anyone at home?" she said loudly. "My name is Cierra Romero. I was...I was supposed to work for a Mr. Baker? His sister sent me."

She heard someone say, "Well, what do you know." Then the door opened and a man who hadn't shaved in some time squinted out at her as if the sun was far too bright an intrusion into his dark little home.

"Slick finished with you already, huh?"

"Slick?" She didn't know anyone by that name.

"The big NFL football stud. Ken Holbrook."

Clasping her hands in front of her, she resisted the urge to fidget. "I no work for him now."

"So...what kind of work did you do?"

Cierra wasn't sure she liked Baker's smile. There was...something about it. "I clean house. Unpack boxes."

"And then you cleaned his pipes, right?" he said with a laugh.

His joke made no sense to her. She hadn't cleaned any pipes.... "Pardon?"

"Never mind." He looked her over carefully. "You are pretty. Just like my sister said."

Cierra didn't respond. Her looks didn't have anything to do with their arrangement. She already knew she'd never marry this man. Maybe Charlie had been old, but he'd also been kind. He hadn't reeked of alcohol. And he'd had far more to offer than a filthy dump. She didn't want to be here. But one of the men with whom she'd hitchhiked had taught her a saying and it definitely fit: Beggars can't be choosers.

"Come on in." Stuart opened the door wider to make room for her, and Cierra swallowed hard as the smells drifting out of his cabin hit her nostrils. Was this really what she wanted to do?

She didn't budge. "What are you offering in return for my labor?"

"Ooh!" He laughed as if he thought she was funny. "You're a businesswoman, huh? Let's just say that I'll be happy as long as you give me what you gave Ken Holbrook."

"I charge the same for all," she said, but got the impression that she'd once again missed some nuance in the conversation.

He grew serious. "Here's the deal. You keep the place clean and you cook, and I won't call the INS. Simple enough?"

She didn't like that he'd mentioned immigration. "Dishes? Dusting? Vacuuming? Laundry?"

He gave her a slight bow. "Si."

Was he mocking her? It was so difficult to tell. But she believed Charlie's ex wouldn't have sent her here if it wasn't safe. This was Arlene's brother. Maybe she hadn't been nice to begin with, but she hadn't sent Cierra back to Guatemala, either.

After Christmas, or in a few months, she'd learn of other opportunities and be able to find a better situation. Or she'd be able to post on that bride website again. "Then...I accept."

"I'm so glad I could measure up to Slick."

Measure up... Cierra was fairly certain no one could "measure up" to Ken. At least, she'd never met another man like him.

"I've always wanted to earn the approval of an illegal alien," he added with a wink.

"You are...being funny?" she asked, confused again.

"No, no. Just amusing myself. Come on in, like I said."

As he stepped back to admit her, she put her hand in her pocket and curled her fingers around the glossy porcelain Christ child she'd taken from Ken's. The memory of having known Ken would be enough to get her through the next few weeks. And, as soon as possible, she'd find a new place to live....

CHAPTER TWELVE

WHILE KEN PACED in the kitchen of his parents' house, Gabe sat nearby, in his wheelchair. Hannah stood at the table, wrapping presents.

"I don't know where else to look," he said. "I've already driven up and down the canyon three times but didn't see her. And she was on foot! She couldn't have gone far by the time I got home and realized she'd left."

"I've never seen you this worked up." Hannah took the piece of tape her husband held out. "Do you really think this woman is in danger?"

"She could be. But she's not the type to reach out for help. She's...maddeningly stubborn."

A curious expression lit Gabe's eyes, and he smiled. "That sounds like grudging respect to me."

He couldn't meet his stepfather's gaze, didn't want Gabe to misinterpret what he was feeling. It was guilt that had him worked up, nothing more. "I do admire her. I've never met anyone with her character. Someone who's been tested to such a degree and still won't bend. But enough is enough, you know? I get that she's decent and willful and independent. I get that she feels responsible for her sisters and will do anything to help them. I even get that she wants to support herself and not be some charity case. What I don't get is the fact that she's walking around wearing a thin sweatshirt when she could be wearing a heavy coat, a coat I'd never miss. And I don't like that she doesn't have a dime to her name, even though I would've happily given her some cash, if only she'd take it." He pivoted at the stove and headed back toward them. "You should've seen how hungry she was when I first found her. I don't think she'd eaten in days. And you know what she did? As soon as the bill came for our dinner, she asked how much she owed me so she could be sure she worked it off. She was determined not to short me a cent."

"Sounds rare and admirable," Gabe said.

"She is rare and admirable. But..." Grabbing the extra roll of Christmas paper his mother motioned for, he handed it to her. "She didn't take those clothes you bought her, Mom."

Hannah glanced up from her work. "I spent a lot of time picking those out. Didn't they fit?"

"Brent said they fit perfectly, but they qualified as a handout, and she won't accept a handout. That's what I've been trying to tell you."

Gabe leaned back in his wheelchair. "So where do you think she's gone?"

"Baker's, I assume. But I've been by his place twice, and I can't get anyone to answer the door."

Adding a bow to the gift she'd been wrapping, Hannah pushed it aside and finally gave him her full attention. "Maybe no one's home."

"Stu Baker is a freak," Ken responded. "He rarely leaves the house. Unless it's to go to the bar."

Hannah sank into a chair. She wasn't wearing any makeup, but Ken thought his mother was more beautiful than most women who were perfectly made up. She had a natural glow about her, an easy smile. He used to hate being compared to her-everyone said they looked so much alike-but ever since he'd grown up, he felt a great deal of pride when someone told him they resembled each other.

"So what do you want to do?" his mother asked.

"I want to find her so I can tell her I have another job for her. I want to take her to Boise and know she's safe."

Gabe scowled. "I don't understand why you feel so responsible for this woman, Kenny. You offered to help her-you did help her-and now she's moved on."

"I'm not taking responsibility for her. I just... I don't want her to be with Baker. He's not in it to help her."

"Then why is he in it?" his mother asked.

"To use her, and the thought of that turns my stomach."

Both his parents stared at him.

"She's not that type," he explained, trying to counter the level of emotion with which he'd responded. "She won't sleep with him if she has a choice, but...I'm afraid he won't give her one. So, you see? She could be in danger."

Gabe and his mother exchanged a knowing look. "That's what I thought," his stepfather said.

Ken looked from one to the other. "What?"

"You've got it bad."

"I have no idea what you're talking about."

"That fear gnawing at your gut?"

"That has nothing to do with...with what you're inferring," Ken snapped.

His stepfather smiled. "It doesn't?"

"No!" he said. But then he remembered how it had felt to touch Cierra in the Jacuzzi and how panic-stricken he'd been since finding her gone. "I feel guilty that Brent made her think I didn't want her around," he said, but he knew Gabe wasn't buying his denials. Neither was his mother.

"Sure you do," Hannah said with a laugh. Then she stood. "Come on. Let's head back to Stu's. I'll go to the door this time. It won't be as intimidating to open up to a woman. I'm less likely to break his face for stealing my girl."

"Stop it," Ken grumbled, but he couldn't deny that he felt relief at the prospect of finally being able to talk to Cierra.

FROM WHERE HE SAT, parked down the road and out of direct view of the windows, Ken watched his mother approach Baker's door. She knocked, waited, knocked again. Then she turned to face them and shrugged as if to say she wasn't having any luck.

A third knock brought no better result. Finally, she started back.

"Shit," Ken grumbled, and got out before she could reach the Land Rover.

"What are you doing?" she asked as he stalked toward her.

"I'm going in."

She tried to bar his path. "You can't do that! You could go to jail for breaking and entering."

"Then I'll go to jail."

"Gabe?" she called, glancing past him to her husband.

Gabe had opened his car door when Ken got out. "Let him go," he advised. "Maybe he's right about this girl's safety."

"I'm worried about his safety," she muttered, but stepped out of the way, "Be careful," she added.

"I'll be fine," he told her. "Stay with Gabe."

Fortunately, she seemed to understand that he didn't need anything more to worry about and did as he asked.

Stu Baker's house looked as empty as it had on his previous visits. The only thing different was the tire tracks. Two lines cut through the snow on the drive-evidence that he'd left last night and possibly today.

Ken didn't bother with the front door. That was a waste of time. Instead, he went around to the back and checked every window. He was hoping to see inside, to get some idea of whether or not Cierra was there, but the windows were covered so completely they might as well have been blacked out.

With its low-ceiling and tacked-on look, the room at the back was more like a shed or a storage area. But this door was warped and far flimsier than the one in front. Ken felt he'd have a greater chance of forcing it open.

Lowering his shoulder, he rammed it, and wasn't too surprised when the lock popped. He'd spent years in football perfecting his ability to hit. He was good at it. But it hurt a lot less with pads.

"Baker!" He stood in the open doorway, rubbing his shoulder.

No response.

"Hey, Baker?" He'd been right about the room. It had a dirt floor, black plastic covering the windows and smelled like a cellar. Maybe there was a door to a cellar in here somewhere but, if so, Ken couldn't see it. Stacks of magazines and newspapers, empty soda bottles and beer cans, old clothing, cat hair and God knew what else covered the floor and various, worn-out furniture.

"Cierra?" Wading through the mess, Ken headed for the next room. An accordion-style partition led into the regular part of the house. When he opened it and peered through, he could see light in the front and moved toward it-until he heard a noise from one of the side rooms he'd already passed. Whirling around, he dodged a blow that probably would've cracked his skull.

As he feinted to his left, the lamp Baker held came down on a wooden chair, shattering the glass middle section. "What are you doing in my house?" he screamed. "What do you want from me? How dare you come in here without permission!"

As Baker raised the lamp again, Ken prepared to take further evasive action. "I'm looking for Cierra. Did she come here?"

"No! Get out!"

Hoping to forestall another swing, or give himself more room to maneuver, Ken backed up. But he wasn't leaving, not until he had Cierra. "I'm talking about Cierra Romero. The woman from Guatemala you were expecting. She left my cabin this morning. I think she was on her way here."

"If she was, she never showed up. Now get out."

Ken wasn't sure whether to believe him. But she didn't seem to be here now, and that made him wonder if he'd jumped to the wrong conclusion. "You'd tell me if she did, right? Because if I find out you're lying, I'll be the one taking the swings."

"Are you threatening me?"

Ken didn't bother denying it. "Damn right."

"You don't see her, do you?" A scrawny cat wandered into the room to see what all the fuss was about. Baker moved it to one side with his foot-a none-too-gentle motion-but he seemed to be calming down and he'd lowered the hand with the lamp. "Because she's not here. I don't even know what she looks like."

What did that mean? Had she already left the area? Hitchhiked out? Possibly. She'd hitchhiked here to begin with, hadn't she? But the idea of her alone on the road again upset Ken. It was so dangerous. And how would he ever find her? "Shit!"

"Sorry to disappoint you." The smugness in Baker's voice irritated Ken but at least the idiot had put his broken lamp on the table. "Now, will you go? I shouldn't have to point out that you're trespassing."

"Sorry." Suddenly Ken felt foolish for strong-arming his way in without proof that Cierra was here. "I'll pay to replace your back door. The lamp's on you. If you'd answered when I knocked, this could've been avoided."

"I don't have to answer your knock if I don't want to. There's no law that says I can't ignore you. But I can fix the door myself," Baker grumbled. "Just get out and leave me alone."

"Fine." Shoving a hand through his hair, Ken headed back the way he'd come in. But he had enough reservations about what Baker had told him that when he passed the kitchen, he snapped on a light.

"What are you doing?" Baker snarled.

"I can't see," he said. But he'd really been thinking about all the time Cierra had spent in his kitchen. He knew that if she was here that was the first thing she'd clean.

Unfortunately, the kitchen was as filthy as the rest of the house.

Convinced at last, he was about to turn off the light when he stepped on something-something so small he wouldn't have noticed it otherwise. But when he glanced down to see what it was, he was awfully glad he'd put his foot where he had.

Baker was lying.

CHAPTER THIRTEEN

KEN LEFT BAKER'S HOUSE with the knuckles of his right hand scraped and bleeding.

His mother and Gabe both opened their doors when they saw him. "What happened?" Hannah called. Gabe said nothing. He simply waited until Ken climbed behind the wheel for an explanation.

"The bastard told me she never came here," he said, smacking the steering wheel.

Two thuds sounded as they shut their doors. "You don't believe him?" Hannah asked.

Straightening his leg so he could reach inside his pocket, he pulled out the porcelain Christ child he'd found on the floor and handed it to his mother in the passenger seat. "This proves she did."

She studied it. "This is her figurine?"

He didn't explain that it was actually his. He didn't care about the decorations; he'd bought them for her. "Yes."

Hannah motioned toward Baker's shack. "So what happened in there?"

Ken shook the pain from his hand, then started the car. "Nothing much. One punch and Baker was ready to tell the truth."

Hannah put the Christ child in the tray on the console. "And that is?"

"She was here, but now she's gone." Making a U-turn, he drove toward the main highway.

"You're sure she's gone?" Gabe asked.

Ken sighed as he drove. "I searched the whole place. Baker said she came for a couple of hours but decided not to stay."

"Why wouldn't he tell you that from the beginning?"

"That's what has me worried. I'm guessing he doesn't want me to find her, doesn't want me to talk to her. Maybe I won't be happy about what I hear."

Hannah turned on the heat. "So where did she go?"

"Who knows?" he replied. "Supposedly, she left with two old women. But that's probably a lie, too. She doesn't know anyone else."

"Did you ask Baker for any names?"

"I did. He said he didn't get a close enough look to recognize who it was."

His mother frowned. "What were they driving?"

"A red '57 Chevy. But I've never seen a truck like that in Dundee."

"I have," Gabe said. "It belongs to Deanna and Darla Channing."

The pain in Ken's hand suddenly vanished. "Who?"

Gabe smiled. "Two old women. They live up the canyon from my place-your place now."

They'd reached the main road, but Ken didn't turn. Letting the engine idle, he used the rearview mirror to look at his stepfather. "You're positive about that? There aren't a lot of those trucks on the streets anymore. I would've noticed it had I seen it around here."

"You haven't been home long enough. They just inherited it from their father, who lived in Boise. They haven't had it more than six months."

Feeling a resurgence of hope, of purpose, Ken glanced at the Christ child Cierra had taken and lost. "How do I get to their place?"

"Just head on up the hill. I'll give you directions from there."

KEN HAD EXPECTED finding Cierra to be the most difficult part of his day; he hadn't expected her to refuse to see him once he did.

"She's here, but...she won't come down." Deanna shrugged apologetically when she returned to the living room, where he and his parents were waiting.

Ken blinked in surprise. "Why not?"

Deanna moved closer. "She's pretty upset," she whispered. "She was running down the street when we came upon her, with Stu Baker chasing her. She won't say what happened but...judging by the bruise on her cheek, there was a tussle."

"A tussle?" Ken repeated.

"That's how it appears. We didn't get to hear Stuart's side. As soon as he saw her get in the truck with us, he took off for the house."

No wonder Baker wouldn't open his door and had tried to hit him with a lamp. He'd probably assumed Ken knew Cierra had been hurt and had come for retribution.

The look on his face must've revealed his rage, because Deanna lifted her hands in a placating gesture. "From what I can tell, it didn't go too far. Cierra's strong, determined. She got away before anything...serious could occur. But...she's understandably rattled."

Attacking her wasn't serious? "I want to see her," Ken said.

"I can't force her to come down," Deanna responded. "Maybe if you give her some time, come back in the morning-"

"I'm not leaving. I have a job for her, a position in Boise, with someone I know and trust. Unless you can offer her as much, tell her to come down."

Deanna's older sister walked into the room. Ken had the impression she'd been listening while working in the kitchen. "You should have her go with him," she murmured to her sister. "The way things are now she'll only run away the minute we're not looking. You heard her when we got her in the truck. She kept saying Baker was going to call the immigration people, that she had to leave town right away."

Ken's mother got to her feet. "Do you think he really called them?"

Gabe wheeled his chair forward until he drew even with her. "He'd better not have."

"I wouldn't put it past him," Ken said. "We need to get her out of here."

With a nod of agreement, Deanna went back upstairs and eventually returned with Cierra, whose sweatshirt was stretched out, as if someone had been yanking on it. The deep scratch on her neck and the bruise on her cheek made Ken wish he'd done a lot more damage to Stu Baker than he had. "You okay?" he asked.

As usual, she raised her chin, daring the world to bring her to her knees. "Si."

Although Ken was dying to know the details-so he could hold Baker accountable for what he'd done-he didn't ask about her ordeal. Cierra was a private person and the situation at Baker's had no doubt embarrassed her. She wouldn't want to talk about it in front of anyone else. Instead, he introduced his parents, whom Cierra met with as much polite reserve and dignity as if they were royalty.

"Ken has some good news for you," his mother announced.

"I found you a job," he said. "A good job."

Cierra lifted a hand. "I know you...are trying to be nice. You have been kind to me, and I am...grateful, si? But I will go my own way now."

"Just hear me out," he said. "It's in Boise, which is an hour and a half from here. Even if Baker called ICE, they won't find you. Not if we leave right away. And my friend really needs you."

It was obvious she hadn't planned to let him sway her, but when she heard that his friend needed her, she hesitated, and Ken realized how important it was to her that the need be legitimate. "It's true," he continued. "This is no favor. His wife, the mother of his three children, left them last year to pursue a modeling career. He's a busy man, trying to run his import company, and he could use a housekeeper and caregiver for his children. Since many of his imports come from South America, he's very excited that you speak Spanish."

"The children...their mother left them for a career? She could no do both?" From Cierra's expression, it was clear that she couldn't conceive of making such a choice. "Who is watching the children now?"

"A nanny who's getting married and moving away." Ken was getting through to her, he could tell. "So what do you say? Will you at least give it a try? I know you'll like Larry. He's a good guy who's been through a lot and could really use a break. And he's offering room and board and fifteen hundred dollars a month."

It was a fair offer. Ken hoped her pride wouldn't keep her from accepting it.

"But your friend has not even met me," she said.

Forever the skeptic. "I told him how wonderful you are."

She blushed at the compliment, and her eyes shifted to his parents before returning to his face. "I will help him. Of course I will help."

Relieved, Ken smiled and felt his heart skip a beat when she smiled back. "Good. Let's go."

THE HOUSE WAS BEAUTIFUL, a mansion. Cierra had never seen anything like it. At five foot seven and at least two hundred and fifty pounds, Larry wasn't nearly as handsome as Ken, but he was nice. She immediately felt safe around him and, as far as she was concerned, the children-three girls ages eight, six and four-were a bonus. They had to take her to the Christmas tree first thing to point out all the brightly wrapped packages that waited there for them.

Their innocence settled on her like new-fallen snow, helping her slough off the memories of Baker-what he'd said, what he'd done and what he'd attempted to do. The hours spent dealing with him, the fight that had erupted when she refused to disrobe, didn't matter anymore. He hadn't got what he wanted. And she already felt like someone else, someone stronger and better than the poverty-stricken immigrant she'd seen through his eyes.

Maybe that was partly because she now wore one of the dresses Ken's mother had given her. Hannah had said Cierra could pay her back out of her first check if she wanted to, but that she should look presentable for her job, and she'd been right. Cierra liked the way the dress floated around her knees, the stylish tights that went underneath and the ankle-high boots Ken had insisted they buy. She hadn't felt so pretty in a long time.

Glancing up from where she sat on the floor, admiring all the Christmas gifts with the girls, she found Ken watching her and couldn't help grinning back at him. On the drive, he'd told her he'd come to Boise often to see her. But she didn't believe him. He'd probably get together with Tiffany as his family expected. Then he'd forget all about her. But she was glad to have known him for the week she had. She'd always treasure the memory of their kiss in the Jacuzzi. That was the best Christmas present she could think of.

He surprised her by staying longer than she'd thought he would-for dinner and a movie. She guessed he was trying to help her make the transition, to be sure she felt safe and happy, and that made her love him all the more.

When the movie ended, Larry said his goodbyes to Ken. Then he went in search of the children's current nanny, who'd been on the phone with her fiance most of the night, so she could get the children to bed.

"What happened with Baker?" Ken asked as Cierra walked him to the door.

"I don't want to talk about it."

He lowered his voice. "Did he attack you?"

"Ken..."

"I'm calling the police."

"No! He told me I cannot...press charges? Is that the right words?" When he nodded she went on. "They will send me back to Guatemala if I try."

"Then I'll handle it on my own."

"By fighting? You will go to jail, and I already have a brother in prison. It is not worth it. I am fine now."

"Only because-"

"Please...let it go," she broke in. "He did not hurt me. You see I am fine."

He blew out a sigh. "I'll think about it."

She tilted her head. "Please?"

Finally, he jammed his hands in his pockets. "I'll try."

"Thank you."

"You like it here okay?"

"Yes. This is a good place, a good job. And I thank you for it. You have been very kind. I will send the money for this dress and these shoes and the other clothes. Please thank your mother, too."

He cupped her face. "This isn't goodbye, Cierra."

He said that now.... "Si, but...even if it is, I want you to know that...I understand. There is no-how do you say-obligation? It is okay if you do not come back. Just...be happy. Always."

The wind had picked up. When she shivered, he pulled her into his arms to warm her, and she felt his lips brush her temple. "You know what would make me happy?"

Unable to resist, she rested her cheek against his chest. "What?"

"Knowing you'll be here waiting, excited to see me when I return."

She angled her face up. "You think I should wait? For how long?" she teased.

"You don't believe I'll come."

"I am sure you mean to. But...who knows what will happen on the ski trip? You might change your mind, eh?"

He touched the tip of her nose. "I'm not going on the ski trip."

"Why not?"

"Because I asked Brent to take my place, and Tiffany agreed. I'm not interested in her." Chills traveled down her spine as he pulled her even closer and his lips moved against the rim of her ear. "I'm interested in you."

Was he making fun of her? If so, it was cruel. "An illegal immigrant from Guatemala?" she said doubtfully.

"I might be a dumb jock but I know when I've found someone special," he said, then he kissed her like he meant it. "When I'm with you I don't miss football. I don't miss other women. I don't miss anything. I feel...content. I'm coming to take you to Dundee for Christmas, Cierra, so be ready."

As he left her standing on the stoop, even the chill wind couldn't diminish the warmth that radiated from somewhere deep inside her. He was coming back. She could trust him. But she wasn't sure she really believed that until he turned around.

"Oh, you dropped this." Reaching into his pocket, he held something out to her.

Curious, she met him halfway down the walk to see what he could possibly mean.

Tears filled her eyes when he set the Christ child in her palm and closed her fingers around it. "We'll need that for the manger, so don't lose it."

"I won't," she breathed, and she didn't. She kept it safe in a drawer in her new bedroom until he returned for her on Christmas Eve. Just like he promised.

