Prologue

I can't breathe.

I can't speak.

I can't see.

I can't move.

"Don't fight me, baby."

I try to turn my head away from the voice. It's no use.

What is happening to me? Why can't I move?

I feel movement against my body and my shirt being pulled. This is wrong, all wrong.

"I'm going to make you feel so good."

This can't be happening. I have to do something.

"Play nice and I'll make this real good for you."

I'm disgusted. The sound of his voice makes my skin crawl and I want to escape the moment; retreat, go numb, be anything but here. I can't. I'm stuck, feeling and being in this moment again, trapped against my will.

My mouth opens and at first nothing comes out, but then, off in the distance I hear my name being called. Something inside me comes alive and I find my voice.

"Cooper!" I scream, my body and voice shaking with the sound. I give that scream everything I can, more than I ever have before, begging for him to rescue me from this.

"Jaylinn, baby wake up."

"Fuck!" The guy says before slapping me across the face. I can't feel it, I just see it. A nightmare I'll never wake up from.

"Jay, wake up. You're dreaming."

"Don't do this, please." I beg; a plea that goes unheard, a plea that holds nothing against the strains of this.

"Shut the f**k up!" He roars, vibrating my bones with the sound.

I shake and then I open my eyes and blink a few times, still in a confused haze of reality and this f**ked up nightmare. I want to wake up but I can't, I can't make myself.

"Jay, come on, wake up. It's just a dream."

"Please don't do this. Please." I'm begging until I have nothing left and then I'm moving, my body being jostled.

My eyes snap open and I gasp for air, but it's not enough, I can't breathe.

"Jay," Cooper says. "You're alright, just breathe."

I look over to Cooper and see that it is indeed him. I take in my surroundings, trying to get my bearings and my breathing under control.

It was just a dream.

I'm okay.

I'm really not okay and I may never be.

I may never breathe right again.

I may never speak what needs to be said.

I may never see what I really need to see.

I may never move the way I should.

1

What the hell did I just walk into?

My heart is beating so hard and fast, I feel like I can't breathe. I came over to Hailey and Mason's to keep her company so that the boys could go out Christmas shopping, I didn't come here for some kind of confession. As I look around it seems that's exactly what I'm getting.

"Come over here." Cooper says to me, his voice gentle and slow, drawing me in to his words.

My problem is that I can't walk. My feet have grown roots and are trapping me in place. Shaking my head, I stay exactly where I am. Trying to release the pressure building inside me, I raise my hand to rub at my chest. I know that if I do go to him I'll be weak and vulnerable.

"Jay," Hailey twists her body so she can see me. "It's alright, come in here please."

I look over to Cooper, his blue grey eyes are pleading with me to just listen, to understand, to give him a chance. I take one step forward and in the corner of my eye I see Mason shift on the couch. Every step that I take feels like I'm pounding a nail in my coffin. I think the worst, I always have. It's in my nature to automatically assume this conversation isn't going to end the way I want it.

Cooper reaches for my hand as I get closer, his big mitten of a hand envelopes mine and I let him guide me to his lap. I don't want to be in his lap right now but I need his shield, even if he's the one causing this uneasy feeling. Cooper would never hurt me, not on purpose anyway.

"Jay, I need to tell you something but I want you to listen to everything I have to say first. Don't tune me out like you do when you don't want to hear something, okay?" Cooper says firmly to me, watching my reaction to his words.

"Whatever." I roll my eyes. "Just tell me already." My stomach is in knots and I summon all my strength to fight the shaking of my body. I keep my breathing nice and steady so he won't see how I really feel right now.

Cooper looks over to Hailey and Mason, both smiling, giving him the courage that he's looking for. "A few years ago I made a mistake. A huge mistake. I didn't know it back then but I know it now."

My stomach drops. My strength is ripped away. I start to shake from what he's about to drop on me. I don't want to know what he has to say but I need to.

"Mason and I went to Hunter's house in Virginia Beach for spring break the first year we were all away at school. There was a party if you remember." I nod, recalling that I got upset because he wasn't coming home when he promised me that he would. "Everyone was pretty smashed. Logan was there." Cooper looks over to Mason again, and then back to me. He looks nervous, an emotion I barely recognize on his so-familiar face; this must be big, Cooper doesn't get nervous about anything. Along with Mason and my brother, he's the most the laid back and confident guy I know. "Logan brought his cousin, Brittany," he said, snapping me back into the room, "I didn't have a clue who she was back then."

I see everything so clearly and do exactly what Cooper said not to. I tune him out. He's talking, I can hear him mumbling but I can't hear the words coming out of his mouth, all I see are his lips moving. It sounds like I'm under water; a suffocating silence is taking over. Cooper slept with Brittany at that party, my f**king trashy tramp of a half-sister. He didn't need to say the words to convey his message. Part of me doesn't want him to say those words.

Cooper lifts a hand to my face, guiding my eyes back to his. "I didn't know who she was, Jay."

I swallow the lump down in my throat. "I know you didn't." I whisper.

Cooper's face twists in disgust. "It meant nothing. You know I would never do anything like that to you Jay. Just thinking about it makes me sick to my stomach."

"When did you figure this out?" I hope that Cooper has learned a lesson or two from my brother and his. Keeping secrets to protect one another in this family doesn't work.

Cooper's eyes darken and he shifts me a little so he has a better grip on me, probably thinking I'm about to run away. "Not right away. After all that shit went down with her running MacKenzie off the road I was keeping an eye on her Facebook account. One night I was going through her pictures and I stumbled across one. You can't tell from looking at the picture because her body was blocking my face but I know it's me. I can't remember all of that night but I remember bits and pieces, and there is no denying it was me in that photo."

I look down to my lap and fiddle with my fingers, not knowing what to say.

"Jay," Cooper whispers.

I glance up at him with unshed tears in my eyes. "Why didn't you tell me when you first found out?"

Cooper looks to Hailey and Mason again, and then back to me. "I was planning on telling you but I just didn't know how. I didn't want to lose you."

I could never imagine not having Cooper in my life, not after everything. "I'm not going anywhere, Coop. I've told you this before." He knows this. We've talked about it so many times that I can't even keep count anymore. I can't function without him in my life. It's pathetic but it is what it is.

Mason stands and helps pull Hailey off the couch, "Just come get me when you're ready," Mason says to Cooper. I glance up to Hailey and she's smiling apologetically.

"How long have they known?" I ask Cooper after they leave the room.

Cooper kisses my neck, "Hailey hasn't known that long," sighing loudly, he continues. "Mason on the other hand has known for a little while. It's actually the reason why Hailey and Mason split. He was trying to protect me."

That I'm not surprised about, Mason protecting his brother, that's just Mason. I never would have thought he'd put anything before Hailey though.

"The night that Hailey thought she saw Lily and Mason kissing in the hallway at the bar was the same night Mason found out. Lily is, or was, apparently friends with Brittany and that's how she found out. Mason didn't want her causing shit before the wedding so he took the heat for it all."

"Oh Mason." I whisper.

Cooper hugs me closer to him and I enjoy the feeling more than he knows. "I know," he says. "The stupid ass is lucky he didn't lose Hailey for good. I was pissed when he told me what he'd done."

I rest my head on Cooper's shoulder and snuggle in closer, "Yeah well, I should be pissed off at you, Coop. You should have told me, no secrets ever between us, remember?"

Cooper kisses the top of my head and takes a deep breath, "I know but I was worried about you and the way you were going to handle it."

I reach over for Cooper's hand and entwine our fingers, "I'm not going to break. I'm pretty sure if I was it would have happened already. And Cooper," I lift my head and look into his eyes. "Don't feel like you can't tell me things. You've helped me so much in the past, let me help you."

Cooper looks intently into my eyes and then slowly brings his full pink lips to mine. "I'm sorry."

I place a little kiss on his lips and melt just like I always do with him. All the worry, nervousness, heart-stopping feelings just wash away. Cooper is my rock and I need him more than he'll ever know. He saved me and now I just need him to let me love him in all the ways I can.

2

Jaylinn handled the news a lot better than I had thought. A lot better than I did. I don't know why I didn't think she couldn't, I should have known better. As soon as her lips met mine I knew everything would be ok with us. Now just to tell Hunter and all will be put in the past and buried there.

I place another sweet and gentle kiss on Jaylinn's lips. "I'm sorry I didn't tell you right away."

She rests her forehead on mine. "I know you are, but Cooper I need you to let me in."

Jaylinn wants me to open up and be with her but she doesn't know what I'm dealing with inside my head. I can't let her in. I'd feel like I would just be adding more shit into her life, complicating her in ways she didn't need. Not a day goes by where I don't feel like an ass**le for sleeping with Brittany, and for that one night that the both of us will never forget. Most of all, she's still holding onto the one thing I don't think I deserve. Her virginity.

I don't deserve it. In my mind, no one does.

I close my eyes, wishing she could see why I can't take this. "I'm trying Jay." I lie, hating that I do it to her.

She reaches up and cups my face, her eyes holding mine. "I know you are but try a little harder." She smiles and it touches my heart like it's meant to. "I'm not getting any younger here."

I chuckle and it hits me in the gut. Leave it to Jaylinn to make light of the situation. "You're not, but the older you get the more beautiful you become."

Jaylinn gently rubs her nose against mine. It feels so good to have her this close and I keep her wrapped in my arms for a few more minutes before I hear people clearing their throats. "I guess that's our signal to wrap it up." I tell Jaylinn who starts to giggle.

"Sorry to break this up but Hails is sending me on a wild goose chase again. We've got to stop at Dunkin' Donuts to pick her up a banana nut muffin." Mason says with a straight face.

I feel Jaylinn's body start to shake from laughter and soon the both of us are cracking up. Mason, my cocky ass brother, has done a complete 360 since he found out that Hailey was pregnant. If Hailey asks him to jump, Mason is asking how high. Just last week after the gym he made me go thirty minutes out of the way just to get Hailey a salad from this little shop down-town.

"Alright." I kiss Jaylinn again and then lift her off my lap.

Jaylinn sits back in the seat that I just vacated. Mason and Hailey are standing in the kitchen and I smile at them as I swipe my jacket off the back of the chair. I turn towards Hailey and place a hand on her stomach. "Let's go, we've got to keep my nieces happy."

Hailey and Mason both glare at me, "Nephews!"

I remove my hand and walk towards the front door, laughing the whole way.

On the way to Dunkin' Donuts, Mason is tapping his hand against the steering wheel. I know he's waiting for me to bring up what went on with Jaylinn after they left the room. He knows when I'm ready to talk about something with him I will.

"Things are good with us, Mason." I finally say, willing myself to look over at him. "Although Jaylinn is a little pissed that you didn't say anything before."

He winces because he knows it's true. Keeping his mouth quiet almost caused him to lose the love of his life. He gets it, I know he does.

"That's good." Mason turns the radio down a little bit. "So the only one left to tell is Hunter then?"

"Yeah," I nod in agreement with a sarcastic edge to my tone. "That's going to go over well." "Bro, you didn't know." Mason defends, trying to help me out. I wish it made me feel better, but it didn't.

Just the thought of Brittany now makes me feel sick. She's a vile person, nothing like Hunter and Jaylinn. Thankfully it was just a one night stand and meant absolutely nothing - just a drunken moment of stupidity.

"I know." I say, ending the conversation.

I turn my head towards the window and watch as the cars pass on the other side of the highway.

I know what Jaylinn wants. She wants to let me love her. The thing is I already do, so much. I just can't love her in the ways she needs me to. And that is harder than I ever imagined it would be.

3

Hailey waddles her little basketball of a belly into the living room and sits in the brown oversized recliner, "So."

I look over at her and smile, "So."

She's got that pregnancy glow going for her and looks beautiful for being four months pregnant. She bitches and complains but I know deep down inside she loves it. "Are you really ok with Cooper?" She narrows her eyes at me, "Don't bullshit me either, Jay."

I look down to my hands and nod. "How can I not be? He didn't know."

"Look at me," Hailey says sharply. I snap my eyes up to hers, "I'm serious Jay. Are you okay?"

I hold her stare for just a minute and then blink a few times trying to hold back the tears, knowing that deep down I'm really not okay with it. "It's in the past; I have to be okay with him sleeping with my half-sister but not with me." It came out more bitter than I wanted it to but if I'm being real to myself I'm hurt. I'm beyond hurt.

"Jay," Hailey whines. "Come over here."

I get up off the couch and go squeeze on the recliner with Hailey. She puts her small arm around my shoulders and hugs me to her and it's then that the tears start to fall.

"Shh, it's alright sweetie." Hailey croons to me, running her hand through my hair like my mom used to do when I was younger. It's such a simple gesture but so comforting too.

"I don't understand, Hailey." I say between shuddering breaths, feeling hopeless. "He's holding back with me and I hate it but I don't know how to get through to him."

Hailey continues to run her hand through my hair and just lets me cry. It feels good to let it out but I'm still holding on to that one piece that I don't want to share with anyone. Deep down inside I think that's what is holding Cooper back.

How can I talk to Hailey about this if I don't want to relive that night again? No one knows but Cooper, me and that piece of shit, Kevin.

"One day at a time, Jay. He'll come around." Hailey gives me a warm smile, trying to convince me that her words are true and I want to believe her, I do. I would give anything for that to be true, but it seems it might never be. "I know that's not what you want to hear but trust me; I see it in his eyes. He has the same look Mason gets when he sees me. He's falling for you Jay, and doesn't know what to do about it. Mason and Cooper are cut from the same leather; they love hard but fight harder against it. They are their own worst enemies."

I sniffle, wondering how she did it and how she convinced Mason. "How did you finally get through to him Hails?"

Hailey stops running her hand in my hair, "I didn't. He finally opened his eyes and saw what was right in front of him. Cooper will see it too, you just wait. The Cahills are all hard headed."

I laugh through the tears, she's right. Even MacKenzie is hard headed.

I eventually dry my tears and store all this information away for later. Hailey and I watch some movie on Lifetime and we both drift off asleep.

Mason and Cooper come home around dinner time. The rest of the gang is coming over to hang out with us too and we are all going to figure out what we're doing for New Year's. I'm sure it will probably be something low key with MacKenzie's due date next month.

I'm still sitting on the recliner with Hailey's head resting on my shoulder when Cooper comes in. He kisses the side of my head and I shift slightly towards him, careful not to wake the pregnant princess.

"You okay, Twinkle Toes?" Cooper whispers in my ear.

I nod as I try to inch a little closer to him.

Mason walks into the living room and frowns down at Hailey. "How long has she been asleep like that?"

I look over to the clock, "About three hours."

Mason swears under his breath. He stalks over to us and lifts her with ease into his arms and lays her down on the couch and covers her with a blanket. Hailey barely even stirs.

"Let's go talk." Cooper says as he extends his hand to me.

I stretch out my body and yawn. Sitting like that for as long as I have has my back aching. I grab Cooper's hand and he leads us to the spare bedroom upstairs where Cooper and I normally stay when we spend the night. Cooper shuts and locks the door behind us.

My eyebrows shoot up.

"Strip."

My eyes go wide in surprise. It's not uncommon for Cooper to say this to me but he only does it when I'm having a melt down and he can't get through to me any other way, or when he wants the bare and exposed me, the one where I can't hide my emotions or run.

"Strip." Cooper repeats, his eyes never break from mine and I fight the urge to shiver at the intensity.

There's something about the way he's looking at me, or maybe it's that intensity, but I do as he says. Pulling my socks off first, I slowly reach for the hem of my shirt and pull it up over my head. I glance over at Cooper who is looking at me with fire in his eyes. My body breaks out in goose bumps from the cold air hitting my skin and from the ferocious passion of Coopers stare. I toss my shirt somewhere behind me then unbutton my jeans and slowly, so slowly, start shimmying them down my thighs. I step out of them and gaze over at Cooper, he's staring at my discarded jeans and then he rakes his eyes up my legs and they stop at the fancy script tattoo on my hip; Inhale the future, exhale the past.

I got it a few months after that night. I remember the night Cooper saw it clear as day.

When I went to Cooper's apartment after my tattoo appointment he was pissed. He paced back and forth bitching. "Why weren't you answering your phone? I had no idea where you were."

Honestly, I didn't think about any of that until I saw the murderous look on Cooper's face when I walked in. He kept going on and on so instead of trying to talk over him I thought I would just show him what I had been up to. My jeans were already unbuttoned because I didn't want them rubbing against my raw skin. I pushed my pants down a little further than what was probably necessary to show him the tattoo, but I wanted his attention. Cooper stopped mid-sentence and watched me closely. I lifted my shirt up to just under my bra and watched as his eyes landed on my fresh ink.

Understanding washed over Cooper as he dropped to his knees in front of me. He kissed just above my tattoo and then kissed all around it. My body was shaking from the butterflies that had taken up inside my stomach. Cooper couldn't stop kissing me, it was like he was trying to kiss everything and make it all better. Only that would never happen.

Later that night a nightmare rocked my body. I woke up gasping for air, sweat was pouring down my face and my entire body was shaking. Cooper tried to calm me down but nothing was working. He was trying to talk to me, he tried to get me to drink some water, and then to call Hailey or MacKenzie. When none of that worked he tried to lift me from the bed but I flinched away.

Cooper held up his hands and backed up a few steps. "Come into the bathroom with me." he pleaded.

I knew I needed to get up. I needed to wake up from this nightmare. I just couldn't pull myself back to reality. I eventually gave in and went into the bathroom with Cooper following behind me. When we were both inside he shut and locked the door. I started to panic, feeling suffocated all over again.

"Strip." Cooper demanded. His voice had a bit of an edge to it.

I didn't listen at first; I just stood there and gawked at him, not understanding what it was he was asking me to do.

Cooper stepped around me, being careful not to touch me, and turned the shower on. When he was satisfied with the temperature of the water he turned around to me again. "I'm not telling you again. Strip or I'll do it for you."

I couldn't believe the words that were coming out of his mouth. I just had a nightmare and he wanted me to strip out of my clothes? Knowing he wasn't going to let me go, I did what he asked. With my body still trembling I was fumbling with the hem of my shirt. I couldn't get my arms to work; it felt like there were weights tied to my hands, holding them down.

That's when Cooper leveled me with a look. I knew he wasn't kidding and I couldn't have his hands on me, not right now, not on my bare skin. I kept repeating the words in my head, 'Cooper would never hurt me'.

I took a quick glance at him to see if he was watching me, his nostrils flared and he was breathing heavy. Most of the time he was cool, calm and level headed and it took a lot to piss him off, so when I saw he was on the verge of losing his shit, I stripped out of my clothes quickly.

When I was completely na**d Cooper pulled the shower curtain open and nodded his head towards the water. Not wanting to piss him off anymore I stepped under the spray, letting the water wash over me. Then like a dam I broke, I lost it. I leaned my head against the shower wall and just let it all out. All the guilt I held, all the shame I felt, all the feelings of being dirty.

Seconds, minutes, hours seemed to pass before I even realized I was no longer leaning against the wall but I had wrapped myself around Cooper who had slipped in the shower with me.

"I'm so sorry, Jay." He said, running his hands up and down my back, soothing me with the sturdy hands I needed. There was nothing sexual in any way with the way that he held me and loved me that night. Cooper was being my backbone when all I wanted to do was crumble. He wouldn't let me crumble alone.

When the water turned cold we dried off and both went back into Cooper's room. I looked around for a shirt of his to sleep in but he tugged on my hand and pulled me to his bed. I sat there as he walked over to his dresser and pulled out an old baseball t-shirt of his and two pairs of boxers. He dropped his towel in front of me and I had to turn my head. I wanted him so badly. I wanted him to make me his, to claim me but he wouldn't, couldn't. Maybe he thought I was dirty, tainted. When he finished pulling on his boxers he dropped to his knees in front of me and helped me get dressed in his clothes. We both climbed into bed. No words were exchanged since he'd apologized for the hundredth time. I hated that he blamed himself for something he had no control over. He had nothing to do with that night.

I faced the bathroom door, needing the light to calm me. I hated sleeping in the dark anymore for what the darkness brought with it, fear and anxiety, confusion, and most of all, helplessness. I was at my mind's mercy, free to fear the past.

As if he knew my thoughts, Cooper wrapped his body around mine and then some time later the darkness pulled me under. It was in his arms, the ones that wouldn't let me fall alone, that I slept safe and sound for the rest of the night.

As I turn around to face Cooper he reaches behind him and pulls his shirt over his head. Wanting to feel him near me, I take a few steps toward him, my hands reaching for the button of his jeans. As I get the button undone, he does nothing to stop me. He's watching me, eyes dark and dangerous and I lose myself in them for a moment, wanting to feel what he's thinking.

I tug his jeans down over his h*ps and watch them fall to the floor. Cooper wraps his arms around my shoulders and I hold him around his stomach. My head rests on his chest and I listen to his erratic heartbeat. Cooper inhales and the next thing I know we fall to the bed and I'm pinned under him.

He kisses my neck, my jaw, behind my ear and then starts all over again. His kisses are slow, meaningful, and even convincing. I moan as his h*ps grind into mine, an intense feeling building quickly.

Then Cooper stops suddenly and looks into my eyes. I know that look; he thinks he's gone too far, only he hasn't even started to scratch my itch.

Cooper starts to roll off me but I stop him. "Stop, let it go." I beg. "Please, for me."

I know he's not going to, he's not ready. Or he doesn't think I am. I know this deep down inside and I hate it. Our relationship to me is like hitting foul balls. He's the umpire calling the shots, keeping the game in control, telling me when I'm out.

Cooper kisses me sweetly and then starts singing, "Let it go, let it go."

"You really need to stop watching Frozen with Ryder and Alex." I push him off me and straddle him.

Cooper stops singing then, his eyes anywhere but mine. I think he knows he'll give in if he looks at me.

"Jay," Cooper warns as I grind myself against his hardness.

This time it's my turn to smirk, I know he feels that.

Cooper pulls the cups of my bra down, freeing my br**sts, and then rolls his fingers over my aching ni**les. I arch into his hands and grind against him again, this time harder.

He lets me and we go on like this for some time, he tells me how beautiful and fearless I am. My heart squeezes tight from his words, feeling them with every beat. Cooper tells me how he's so thankful I've let him in to help me. He says this, but he has no idea that he is the only thing that saved me. With all his words and touch, I fall more and more in love with this man in my arms.

After a while we lay under the blankets facing each other, our legs tangled together, skin to skin, heart to heart. Cooper has a hand on my hips, right where my tattoo is, and he's drawing hearts with his thumb. I don't think he realizes that I know he's doing it since they are messy hearts, but hearts nonetheless.

As we lay tangled together we don't really need to talk - everything that we need to say is conveyed in our looks and touches, as if our bodies are saying what needs to be said.

Cooper and I have been messing around for months now, going a little further each time, but something holds him back. He hasn't been with anyone else since all that shit went down back at Boston University. He used to have girls at his beck and call but not anymore, not since that night. He's changed just as much as I have. We've got a connection we never had before, but there is also line that keeps us from crossing paths.

"So are you really ok about the whole Brittany situation?" Cooper asks, still drawing hearts on my hip.

I rest my forehead against his, not knowing if he wants the truth or not. "Honestly?"

"Always."

I kiss his lips. "Yes and no. I hate that it was her. If it was some random girl that I didn't know then it would be a lot easier to deal with. I know it happened a few years ago and you had no idea who she was and that's the part I'm ok with."

Cooper lets out a breath, his annoyance displays in the heaviness. "I should have told you sooner. I'm sorry but I was afraid of what it would do to us. You've been through so much shit and I didn't want to add to it."

I rub the back of my index finger over his cheek, "I know and I understand but I can handle shit Cooper. Look at how much I've handled and I'm still going. It's going to take a lot more than that to knock me down."

Cooper's eyes crinkle as he smiles. "My fearless girl."

I laugh, "Fearless, I'm not so sure about."

Cooper stops rubbing his thumb on my hip, "You're fearless to me. You fought when you could have been tucked away in a corner. You kicked, screamed and fought your way to the top."

"Hey ass**le! Get your f**king hands off my sister!" Hunter yells behind the closed door, smacking it with his fist.

My eyes go wide in surprise and Cooper chuckles.

"Oh Cooper... harder." I yell, giving my voice that seductive tone it needs. "Yes...yes just like that.

Cooper covers his face with a pillow to stifle his laugh and I pulled the blankets up over my head preparing for the door to be broken down.

"Fuck! Jay, get your ass out here now." Hunter yells back before I hear him stomping down the steps.

Cooper and I laugh as we untangle our bodies from each other and get dressed.

4

As soon as we walk downstairs Hunter is on me. I laugh as he wraps his arm around my neck and tries to choke me while jabbing me in my side.

"Hunter!" Jaylinn yells. "We were just screwing around with you."

Of course I have to add fuel to the fire. "Yeah, we were just screwing around."

I flip around and Hunter and I wrestle around on the floor. I know he isn't trying to hurt me because his hits aren't hard like they would be if he really thought I was upstairs screwing his sister. After a few minutes we're both panting and sweating as my little nephew, Ryder, climbs on his dad's back.

He starts pounding on Hunter, "You want me to get off Uncle Coop?" he asks Ryder.

Hunter lets go of me and rolls his son off him, tackling him on the floor and tickling him.

Climbing to my feet, I pull my shirt back down, noticing the rip in it now.

MacKenzie leans against the doorway to the foyer and shakes her head, "Boys will be boys. You know you two are getting pretty old now, you might hurt yourselves."

Hunter covers Ryder's ears and smiles up at her. "You weren't saying that this morning, were you?"

I level Hunter with a glare and hear someone growl behind me. "Keep your f**king hands off my sister. You already knocked her up twice."

Hailey waddles up, almost the same size as MacKenzie who is almost due and poor Hailey is only a few months, "Keep it in your pants Mase, if I remember correctly you weren't complaining this morning either."

Jaylinn comes from somewhere behind me and jumps on my back, "Aren't you glad we don't have to worry about this shit."

Hunter smiles up at his sister, his eyes bright with amusement. "At least someone around here listens to me."

Jaylinn starts laughing, barely able to control her laughter. "It's not that I'm listening to you, big brother. It's that this guy here is waiting until I'm old, grey and living with a hundred cats before he decides that I'm ready."

Her confession stings a little because I want nothing more than to take her virginity but neither of us are ready. She may think she is but I'm not. I can't take something like that from her without her being one hundred percent sure she's ready. And she's far from that.

Hunter ignores Jaylinn's comment and continues on with tickling Ryder.

We all pile into the living room and kitchen when my other little nephew, Alex, comes running down the hallway followed by Jackson and Chloe. Alex runs into the living room and starts playing with Ryder before he even takes his coat off.

Jackson walks into kitchen, shaking the snow from his hair, "What's up?"

"I'm going to turn into a cat lady." Jaylinn responds dramatically, her eyes are trained on mine as she talks. I want to take her right then and prove to her that's not it, but I don't.

Chloe laughs and part of me knew what was coming. "You're still not putting out, Coop? I'm starting to think you caught something from one of your cleat chasers; either that or you've switched teams," her eyebrows rise at the end giving me a questioning once over.

I glare at my sister in law, "And to think you were my favorite sister in law."

"Hey!" Hailey pipes up. "I thought I was your favorite."

I wink at Hailey, "You are."

Hailey blushes as I knew she would. She's a sucker for a wink and even a bigger sucker for my looks. Mason hates it because he thinks he's the only one that should be making her blush.

"Dickhead," Mason grumbles.

I throw my arm over his shoulder, "Don't go getting all pissy. We all know I'm the better looking twin."

Mason elbows me hard in the stomach as Hailey giggles.

"I swear they don't ever grow up." MacKenzie says while walking past Mason and me.

"I don't wanna grow up, I'm a Toys R Us kid." Mason and I sing.

MacKenzie throws a bottle of water, just missing my head but hitting Mason on the side of the face. I start laughing but not for long. MacKenzie throws a glass jar of pickles hitting me in the balls.

Hailey screams, "No, not the pickles," as the jar drops to floor but thankfully doesn't break.

I'm on my hands and knees gasping for air when Jackson claps me on the back, "Don't mess with a pregnant girl's pickles bro."

"Thanks, ass**le." I manage to say but my voice cracks.

On my hands and knees, I crawl into the living room and onto the couch next to Jaylinn, hoping she'll hold me in my moment of pain.

"Aww honey, you need me to kiss your boo boo?" Jaylinn coos, kissing my face.

Then she does something I'm not expecting at all because normally we don't do PDA. She looks around to make sure no one is looking and then kisses my lips, my chest, my stomach, going lower, and then as she leans forward she looks up at me with those big blue eyes and kisses my dick over my shorts. I'm instantly hard even through the pain, and to make matters, worse she does it a few times before looking back up at me and biting on her bottom lip. I nearly lost it because right now I want her mouth there. I want it bad.

I reach for her and place her back on the couch next to me. "Stay there." She starts to move and I glare. "I mean it or I'm taking your ass upstairs..." I trail off not wanting to finish my sentence.

"Take me upstairs and what?" Jaylinn jabs at me, knowing exactly what she's doing.

I shake my head and lean over to whisper in her ear, "Take you over my knee until your ass is red with my hand print and you're begging me to..." I trail off again, letting her use her imagination. Two can play at this game and it's a line drive I'm not letting her get away with.

When I sit back her mouth is hanging open and I feel good about that.

"Close your mouth Jay." Hunter takes a seat on the other side of her, "You're gonna catch a fly."

"But..." Jaylinn starts to say but then stops and looks down at my dick, which just twitched, and then back to my eyes.

I wink at her before adjusting myself so that things don't get awkward.

When the pizza comes we're all sitting around Mason's dining room table. Everyone is eating and talking among themselves but all I can seem to concentrate on is watching Jaylinn eat French fries. It's killing me. It's the most sexual thing I've ever seen. She knows I'm watching and she's doing it on purpose. She drags the fry through the ketchup and then brings it to her mouth. Her tongue comes out and she licks the fry before taking it between her teeth. She closes her eyes and groans as if it's the best tasting thing in the world. I'll be taking another cold shower as soon as we get home but if she keeps this up I'll be taking a shower upstairs in a few minutes.

Hunter throws a fry at me, "Stop looking at my sister like that."

I divert my eyes from Jaylinn's mouth and try to concentrate on anything else to keep myself from dragging her ass upstairs.

"So what are we doing for New Year's?" MacKenzie asks.

Hailey huffs, clearly annoyed she can't do much. "Nothing fun since I can't drink and neither can you."

Chloe laughs. "Don't make us suffer because you two are knocked up." Chloe looks over to Jackson, "I say we go dancing at that new club that just opened up."

Hailey and MacKenzie both mumble and grumble that there is no way their pregnant asses are going anywhere near a club.

"I'm down for that." I pipe up for the first time since sitting down; probably because my brain has been elsewhere.

Jaylinn, the little vixen herself, has managed to place her hand on my thigh under the table.

"Yeah, the four of us could go out for a little while and then we'll all come back here or wherever you guys will be and bring in the New Year with you all." Jaylinn suggests, her hand going just a little higher now.

Hunter reaches over and cups the side of MacKenzie's face, "I'm sorry, CC. We'll go out as soon as you have the baby."

Mason and Hailey are having some kind of silent conversation. They both know there is no way they are going out any time soon. Hailey still has a few months until she is due and even after that they are going to have their hands full with twins.

Jaylinn slides her hand up even further and I place my elbows on the table and shift back so she can't go up any higher, but that's not what happens. Nope, not at all. This only makes it easier for her. She places her hand right over my dick and applies a little pressure. My body tenses and I start to sweat. I don't know what has gotten into her today but she's going to kill me. She knows damn well what this does to me.

Jackson kicks my chair. My head snaps up knowing we were caught. Jackson starts laughing and pretty soon so are Chloe and Jaylinn.

Shaking my head, I take a sip of my beer. I need to get up and move away from Jaylinn but she's made that pretty hard. Pun intended.

"What's the matter Coop?" Jaylinn purrs all seductive and sexy.

It's enough that I scowl and shift my chair in Hunter's direction. He raises an eyebrow at me, waiting for me to talk or something but all I do is smile and take another sip of my beer.

Jaylinn is going to be the death of me. The shitty part is she knows it.

5

Jackson, Chloe, Cooper and I made plans to go to the new club not far from our house for New Year's. Hunter and MacKenzie agreed to keep Alex for Jackson and Chloe until we got there later that night.

All my Christmas shopping is done apart from one gift that I'm still trying to figure out. I need a gift for Cooper but what do you give someone who can buy anything he wants? I've been racking my brain for a while now.

I pick up my phone from the coffee table and scroll until I find Mason's number. He answers on the second ring, slightly out of breath. "Hello?"

"I need your help."

More heavy breathing.

I take the phone away from my ear to make sure I have the right number. "Hello?"

Mason grunts.

"Oh my god! Mason, why the hell would you even answer the phone?" I screech before quickly hanging up. I shudder at the thought that Mason was screwing my best friend.

I tap my fingers on my leg, trying to decide who I should try next. I guess Jackson could probably help me.

"Hello?" He says when he answers on the first ring.

"Thank God you're not ha**ng s*x and answering the phone too." I shudder again.

Jackson laughs, "Let me guess, Mason?"

I roll my eyes, "Of course, who else?"

Jackson chuckles, "True, true. So what's up?"

"I don't know what to get Coop for Christmas." I whine, sounding like a child.

"Hmm." I hear Jackson's car start up. "Get him something that has meaning to the both of you. It doesn't need to be big and expensive, that's not Cooper."

I sit and think about that for a minute. What in the world could I get him that would mean something?

Groaning, I give up and whine some more. "Ugh I have no damn clue."

"What don't you have a clue about?" Cooper asks from behind.

I jump. I didn't even hear him pull into the driveway like I do any other day. I hope he didn't hear my conversation with Jackson.

Jackson laughs, "I'll talk to you later Jay." Then he hangs up and I'm left to deal with Cooper.

"Hey, I didn't even hear you come in." I look him up and down; his t-shirt is soaked with sweat and clinging to his body like a second skin. Damn, he's mouthwatering delicious.

"Stop doing that." Cooper grins at me knowing exactly where my thoughts just went.

"Doing what?" I ask, rolling my eyes and walking into the kitchen.

Cooper chuckles. It's a sound that makes my legs go weak. "You were checking me out."

Trying to play it off so that his ego doesn't get any bigger I say, "Please don't flatter yourself, Cooper. There are plenty of other good looking guys out there that I could drool over."

Suddenly Cooper has me caged in against the kitchen counter. He leans down, his breath tickling my neck. "You better not be drooling over anyone other than me." He bites me on that sensitive spot between my shoulder and neck and I want to die. "Admit it, you were checking me out."

My breaths are coming in slow and shallow and my concentration is lost. "So what, I was checking you out. It's not like you're going to do anything about it."

Cooper thrust his h*ps against my ass, "Keep being sassy and we'll see about that."

I give it right back to him, if he wants to play, let's play. I arch my back letting my ass grind against his erection while looking over my shoulder and batting my eye lashes. Works like a charm. His eyes are fixed and dilated. Most of the time this ends up with us making out but not today. Nope, not today.

Cooper groans and lays his head against my back. "Fuck, Jay."

I turn in his arms and push him back a little so that I can look into his dark and hooded eyes. "Coop," I lick my lips, drawing attention to them, making sure he's nice and worked up, "go take a shower."

I'm tired of getting all worked up and having nothing happen. He really did need a shower and if he didn't move his ass right now then I couldn't be held responsible for the things I would do to him. I know if I push him enough he'd cave but I don't want that. I want him to want me. I don't want to force him to do something he doesn't want to do. I couldn't handle it if things got weird between us.

Cooper surprises me by sweetly kissing me twice on the lips before leaving to go take a shower.

Later that night, Cooper and I are in bed watching a movie. I know, it's the weekend and here we are hanging at home when we should be out drinking and having fun. Honestly though, I love when it's just the two of us tucked into our own little world. We may not be in a relationship but it feels like it to me and at this point I'll take what I can get. Cooper isn't the same man whore he used to be since my incident. I'm not exactly sure what happened to him after that night but it's changed him. Hell, it's forever changed me. Mason and Cooper were always going to out to parties, getting drunk, and at the end of the night there would always be a cleat chaser to go home with. On more than one occasion I was the DD because their drunken asses couldn't make it home. I even had to endure taking whatever hooker was attached to them as well. When Mason and Hailey got their heads out of their asses and finally committed to each other, it left Cooper flying solo. I offered to go out with him a few times so that he wasn't going by himself but he flat out refused. He said that I didn't need to be going to those kinds of parties; I was too good for them. Little did I know how very true that statement would be.

Cooper nudges me and grabs a handful of popcorn out of the bowl that's sitting on my lap. Before putting it in his mouth he asks, "So is all your Christmas shopping done?"

I blanch, nearly choking on my own breath. "Um, no. I've got one last gift to get and I have no idea what it's going to be."

Cooper chews the popcorn then reaches for his water on the bedside table. "Who's it for? Maybe I can give you some ideas."

I narrow my eyes at him, "You eavesdropped on my call didn't you?"

He laughs, "I didn't mean to but at least I made myself known before you started listing ideas."

I bump into his shoulder with mine, "You're a punk! I can't believe you were listening."

Cooper shrugs, amused with himself.

"I wish you would have walked in before I called Mason." I make a gagging sound, trying and failing to put the image out of my head. "That ass**le answered the phone while he was screwing Hailey."

Cooper throws his head back and laughs. "Sounds like something Mason would do," he stops laughing and gives me a funny look, "but I really didn't need the visual either."

I giggle, "Glad I could help."

"I wonder how," Cooper cuts his eyes over to me, "he's--"

He doesn't get to finish that sentence because I start pushing him off the bed. "I don't need any more visuals running through my head Cooper!"

Cooper sits back up still laughing. "Alright, alright, I promise not to ask how he's managing to hit that these days."

I shove Cooper again, "Damn it Cooper!"

He rights himself in bed again, laughing his ass off. "Okay I'm done now, promise."

I glare, wanting to smack him. "Just remember you have to go to sleep at some point."

Cooper holds his hands up in surrender, "Alright settle down, Twinkle Toes."

I reach for my iced coffee, "So how do you think the season is going to go this year?"

Cooper pulls me to his side, "Everything looks pretty good. Coach knows Mason is going to be missing some time with the twins coming and all."

I rest my head on his shoulder, "I guess that gives someone a chance to bump Mason down on the list?"

Cooper nods, "Pretty much."

"That sucks."

Cooper sighs loudly, "Yeah."

Nothing more is said for a little while as we both get into the action of the movie. Cooper's phone dings alerting him of a text.

He reaches over and reads the message. He doesn't reply when he is done, just puts the phone back down.

I sit up, stretching my arms over my head, "Everything ok?" I know I'm being nosey but I'm curious.

Cooper yawns, "Yeah. You remember Eli right, the one who played ball with me and Mase at BU?"

I remember exactly who Eli is; he's someone I won't be forgetting soon. Cooper doesn't know how attracted I really am to him so I try playing it off. I put a finger to my mouth and tap my lips, trying to act like I can't remember the hunk.

Cooper smirks, "Come on Jay, big guy, muscles, dark hair, tall. All the girls seem to flock to him."

A smile tugs at my lips. Every time Eli would talk to me, or even look in my direction, I would blush. I couldn't help it. He's just one of those guys that are perfect, flawless really. He's in a class all by himself.

"You remember don't you?" Cooper tucks a piece of hair behind my ear. "Look at you. You're blushing and he isn't even here."

I narrow my eyes, annoyed with him. "I'm not blushing, Cooper."

"Uh huh, whatever though, you're in my bed. That's all that matters." Cooper kisses me on the lips to drive the point home. Cue the butterflies. "Anyway, he's opening up a club here in Jersey down by the shore and he wants me to partner up with him."

My eyebrows rise inquiringly. "Are you going to do it?" I'm a little taken aback because I thought for sure Cooper would bide his time until he made it to the big leagues.

Cooper stares off into space, not answering me right away. "Yeah, I'm thinking pretty hard about it."

I nod my head wondering if I should keep trying to press for more information. I choose to just let it go for now. I get lost in watching Channing Tatum fight his way through a gun battle at the White House, trying to save his daughter from the bad guys.

"I've been thinking about quitting the team too." Cooper finally says after some time.

I act like what he just said isn't a big deal although I'm floored he just uttered those words. "Is that what you really want to do?" I question. "Can you do both?"

Cooper shrugs, "I could do both but I don't think I want to. I really only went with the BlueClaws because I didn't know what else I wanted to do with my life. They offered me a good deal and I went with it because I didn't have anything else, plus the bonus was that I would still be playing with Mason. But now with Eli opening this club I'd be able to put those four years of business management to work. If things go well we'd probably open another one in the next town over."

From the way he's talking, he'd obviously given this a lot of thought. "But you love baseball, Cooper." I say, wanting him to see all sides of this. He has played for as long as I can remember, it's his life. Or at least I thought it would be. I can't imagine him doing anything else beside that.

"I know and I always will, but it's time for a change." Cooper licks his lips.

I nod in agreement with him. It seems that he's already made up his mind and it's not my place to change it.

We snuggle back in and watch the rest of the movie. I feel my eyes getting heavy and Cooper's breathing is steady and slow, I know he's fallen asleep. I reach across him and turn the TV down and then wrap myself around his waist and fall asleep.

6

"No, no, stop."

Groaning, I turn my head away from the noise.

"Please, stop."

I turn my head back the other way, restless.

"Cooper!"

My eyes snap open and it takes me a second to get my bearings but it didn't take me long.

"Don't, no!"

I sit up quickly and look over at Jaylinn's trembling body. Pushing the blankets off me, I reach over to put a hand on her arm. "Jay, baby, you're dreaming."

"Stop!"

Fuck! My throat is so dry and my voice catches so I swallow and I try again, "Jay," I give her shoulder a little shake, wanting to pull her out of the nightmare. "Wake up. You're dreaming. It's just a dream."

Jaylinn's eyes fly open, tears running from her eyes. She's looking all around, eyes wide and panicked trying to figure out where she is. "Cooper?" she gasps.

"Yeah, it's me. You were dreaming." I hate this. I hate so much that there's absolutely nothing I can do for her with these dreams. As I watch her, my heart is pounding hard as I'm sure hers is too.

She's been having them less and less lately but when they hit they screw with her head pretty badly for the next few days. That's what kills me. Most of the time something triggers them but this time I'm not sure what would have brought it on.

"I'm sorry," she cries, her voice so lost it gives my heart another stab.

Jaylinn tries to turn over but I reach out and place my hand on her hip to stop her. I wipe some of her tears away, "Don't be sorry, Jay. You have nothing to be sorry for."

She cries harder and buries her head into the crook of my neck. I'm afraid to touch her because most of the time she can't handle it but I want to comfort her, I need to. Or maybe it's that I need to comfort myself? I didn't know for sure, all I know is that I need to touch her. I start out slow by running my fingertips up her arm a few times. When I know she isn't going to pull away, I run them up and down her side.

"Just hold me," she whispers, giving in and letting me take the pain away.

That's all I needed to hear. I pull her whole body so it's flush against mine and wrap my arms around her. She's still shaking but at least the tears have stopped, that's all I can ask for right now. I kiss her head a couple of times and tell her that I'm here, she's safe and I'm not going anywhere.

Eventually her body relaxes in my arms, and I think she's fallen asleep but she surprises me when she calls my name.

"Coop?" she sighs loudly, "I need you to wash that night away. I want you to make my nightmares go away." She sniffles and reaches up to wipe her face. "I need you to do this with me. I need it to be you. I'm not sure I could handle it being anyone else but," She huffs, "it needs to happen. I want something to replace that nightmare and it's the only way I can think to do it."

I don't respond right away because I'll admit I'm scared. Nothing usually scares me but this, with her; it scares the shit out of me.

"I don't expect you to answer me right now but you're going to have to eventually, Cooper. I don't know how much more of this I can take." Jaylinn turns over to face the other direction and moves to the end of the bed.

She doesn't understand and I don't think she will be able to. I wish I could talk to someone about what I should do but I've sworn on my life that this stays between us and I could never break my promise to her.

I'm lost in my own head. What if we did have sex and in the middle of it she connects what we're doing with what happened to her? I don't ever want to know. Can I be the one that will wash away the memories and make new ones with her? That's what I want to happen, she doesn't deserve this. What will happen to her, to me, if the sex ruins whatever we have going on between us? I'm not sure but I would hope we could overcome it. Would she survive? In Jaylinn fashion she will. Will she sink further into herself without seeking professional help? Yeah she will, but her pride will get in her way. Would I be able to sit back and do nothing? Hell no, I won't be able to ever do that.

If Jaylinn did get tired of waiting around for me and finds another man to take that special gift away from her will I be able to handle that? Nope, but if that guy she finds makes her smile the way she used to and brings back those sparkling blue eyes then I'd gladly step aside. I'll be there every step of the way for her. It's not what I want to happen because I want Jaylinn. If I'm being honest with myself I have for a while but I didn't see it right away. I was too worried about the next piece of ass and living the college dream. I see it now though and I want her more than my last breath, but again I'm afraid that when, if, we take the next step that it will push her away in the end.

"Maybe I'm scared because you mean more to me than any other person in my life, Jay." I say to myself mostly but loud enough that if she's awake she'll hear me.

7

I wake up the next morning with the sun shining down on me from the open window. I know Cooper isn't lying in here with me because I can't feel him. He's already left to go to the gym for his strength training with the team. I roll onto my back and stretch my body out. I need to get my ass out of this bed and go for a run. I will not let last night's dream affect me. I can't.

"You need to get over this shit, Jay." I tell myself. I even go as far as raising my fist in the air as if this will give me the motivation I need. It kinda does.

I pull my ass from the bed and put on a pair of sweatpants from the pile of clothes I have here at Cooper's, and pull on an old Boston University hoodie from Cooper's closet. In the bathroom I brush my teeth, wash my face and pull my hair into a ponytail. I slip on my running shoes, grab my iPhone and go out the back door. I make sure it's not locked so I can get back in when I'm done. I hate running with my keys and Cooper said since it's a safe enough neighborhood it's okay if I leave the back door open.

It's freezing outside this morning which is going to make my run a little bit more difficult with the cold air burning my lungs, but I welcome it. It's something else to focus on and not let my mind drift back to my nightmare. I get about a mile into my run when my body starts to finally warm up. Years of playing soccer and running have built up my tolerance to the miles of running I put my body through. Running and reading are my escape from the world.

Flicks of being in a dark room surface but I refuse to let my mind wander back there. It's time to move on. It's time for a change. Time for a change, Cooper's words from last night float into my mind and I think maybe he's onto something after all. We need a change, something else to focus on instead of the past and what could possibly become of the future. We need something.

I think I need my girls; maybe they can help me get through to Cooper and make him see that I'm right here and I want this with him. If Cooper isn't going to step up to the plate then maybe I need to give him a reason to. Tempt him in ways he's never been tempted before.

I take a detour in my normal run and head to Hailey's house since it's closest and I know she'll help me with what I need. I'm not sure how MacKenzie would take me pursuing her brother. I'm sure she'd be fine but it's just a little weird for me I guess. I'd rather her not know my sex life, just like she doesn't flaunt her sex life with my brother to me.

An hour later and I'm knocking on Mason and Hailey's door. I wait longer than normal because Hailey is home by herself and it takes her a few extra minutes to get up off the couch and waddle to the door.

"You're f**king bat shit crazy. It's freezing and you're running around outside like it's summer." Hailey holds the door open for me to pass by. "Get in here."

I peel off my sweatshirt and shoes as soon as I walk in. It's like a freaking sauna in here. "I thought pregnant women were always hot?"

I know, I've read that somewhere in one of those pregnancy books that MacKenzie made me read with her but clearly Hailey isn't having a 'normal' pregnancy. "It's comfortable in here, Jay. You're crazy ass just needs to relax."

I roll my eyes and follow her into the living room where she has a movie paused. It looks to be Pitch Perfect since Fat Amy is gracing us with her vertical running. "So what brings you over?"

I take a seat on the couch and pick at a piece of lint on my sweatpants, not wanting to appear too desperate. "I need your help."

Hailey gets that gleaming look on her face. Her wheels are already turning and she has no idea what I want help with. For a second I contemplate messing with her and telling her I have a yeast infection and don't know what to do, but if I really want her help I probably shouldn't mess with a pregnant Hailey.

"Now hear me out before you start saying anything. You know how Cooper refuses to sleep with me?"

Hailey nods.

"Well I need to give him a reason to step up to the plate and finally take a swing." As soon as I say this, my stomach tightens and my legs start to shake. This isn't me, I'm private. I always have been and I don't really like to talk about this kind of stuff with anyone except Cooper. I swear he's got a spell on me that makes me spill my guts to him.

I glance up to see if Hailey is paying attention because she hasn't said a word. I know I told her to hear me out but I expected some kind of reaction from her.

I didn't get that. Instead Hailey's got the biggest smile on her face and her eyes are lit up with excitement. Hell, this is bad.

"I need to give him a reason. I don't know what I should do but I have to do something."

Hailey rubs her hands together. "Hand me my phone please."

Ah hell!

What the hell does she need her phone for? I reach for her cell on the coffee table and hand it to her. She taps on it a few times and then puts it to her ear.

"I need your help. Meet me at my house, stat." Then Hailey hangs up and taps on her phone a few more times before bringing it to her ear again. "Hey, I need to cash in that favor you owe me. I need you to distract Mason for two hours when he's done at the gym in an hour, and while you're at it keep Cooper busy too." There's a pause. "Do whatever you have to do. You owe me." Another pause. "Yeah I know but if he finds out I'll deal with it then. Thanks!"

Hailey peels herself from the recliner that she's sitting in and walks towards the front door. "Let's go. We've got places to go and things to buy."

I jump up off the couch and look down at my sweaty clothing. I can't go anywhere looking like this.

"Don't worry, we'll stop by your house so you can shower and change clothes." Hailey yells over her shoulder reading my mind.

I walk over to Hailey's SUV and am waiting for her to unlock the door, when I see MacKenzie driving down the street towards us. Shit, so much for not involving her.

"Let's go, Sugar Lips." Hailey laughs.

"You're already enjoying this aren't you?"

"You bet your ass I am. Now get in and Kenzie will drive us to your house."

I climb into the back seat and MacKenzie gives me a small smile. She's afraid to ask what's going on.

"How the hell did you get here so fast with that belly of yours?" Hailey questions MacKenzie who rubs her belly.

"Chloe was already at the house. The boys were hanging out playing. I told her you had an emergency and needed me." MacKenzie pulls away from Hailey's house.

"Well that was good timing." I say sarcastically.

An hour later we are back in the car with MacKenzie and we're driving off towards the mall. Every time I try and ask where we're going Hailey tells me to sit back and relax. I look to MacKenzie for help but it's no use. She hasn't stopped giggling like a little girl since we left the house.

"Bitches," I mumble under my breath after being refused an answer yet again.

"Do you want our help or not?" Hailey asks, her voice going all serious.

"Of course, I wouldn't have asked if I didn't." I huff, crossing my arms over my chest. I knew this would happen when I asked for her help. I have no one to blame but myself.

"I can't believe the two of us are going to go into that store the way we are." MacKenzie laughs.

"This can't be good." I grumble.

We make a few turns and a sign I've seen a few times comes into view. They are taking me to the adult novelty store!

MacKenzie looks at me through the rearview mirror and she notices that I've connected the dots. Hailey turns in her seat with a sly smile pulling at her lips.

"Now that you figured out where we're going, do you know why I didn't tell you?" Hailey smiles, she's happy with herself. "Look at you. You're already fifty shades of red."

I cover my heated face with my hands. What did I get myself into?

"Oh Jay," MacKenzie sighs. "My stupid brother hasn't stepped up his game with you at all has he?"

I just shake my head, there is no denying it.

"Well we're about to fix that." MacKenzie exclaims, surprising me by how excited she is.

We pull into a parking spot right in front of the store. I look around to make sure I can't see anyone that I know before climbing out. Could you imagine?

MacKenzie and Hailey each flank a side of me and usher me in like they would really have to drag me. They just might have to.

I asked for help and help is what they are going to give. I can only trust that what they have up their sleeves will work, right? If not, this is one embarrassing trip that will go down in the books.

When we walk into the store, my eyes dart all over, not really sure where to look first, and I knew then that this was too much for me. There are racks of lingerie in all different colors and sizes. There are rows of p**n o DVDs towards the back of the store. MacKenzie grabs my hand and pulls me to the left, we pass all different color c**k rings; I'm sure each one does something different but who the hell knows what? Penis pumps in various colors catch my eye to my left; all different kinds of strap-ons, some scaring the shit out of me from just the looks of them. There is edible underwear, body paint, penis shaped pasta, lollipops, and penis shaped cake pans, everything you need for a bachelorette party.

Hailey walks in ahead of us and stops in front of the huge display of dildos. I look around, making sure no one is watching us or within hearing range. Things are about to get really awkward and uncomfortable, for me at least.

But then again, I am surrounded by dildos with two pregnant women. Awkward went out the window a while ago.

Hailey taps a finger to her lips, scanning all the dildos. "Hmm," Her eyes squint and narrow on one in particular, "this one will do."

She picks up a long stemmed rose shaded glass dildo and examines it for a second. "Perfect!" She hands it to MacKenzie who gives her stamp of approval.

We take a few steps further down the aisle. MacKenzie stops in front of the vibrators. She's now scanning the wall looking for something just as Hailey did. "What's your favorite color?"

"Pink." I rub my sweaty hands down my jeans, unsure of why color choice has anything to do with it. "Does it really matter?"

"Of course not," Hailey laughs, "but why not pick your favorite color?"

I close my eyes briefly, berating myself for getting into this mess. I should have kept my mouth shut.

"Ah ha." MacKenzie picks one up and examines it before handing it to Hailey for her stamp of approval this time.

"Perfect." Hailey hands it to me. "This one comes with different speeds. That's always nice."

I don't even want to know how she knows that.

I am completely mortified and out of my element here. I mean, I know what to do with one and why it's nice to have the different speeds, but I never thought I'd actually be in a store like this with my two best friends.

"Oh shit! Look at this." MacKenzie points to a box.

Hailey and I walk over so we can see what has her all excited. Bedroom baseball.

"You're getting this." Hailey reaches for the board game and hands it to me.

"Guuuuys," I whine, although I'm not really sure why because it looks like fun, though I don't know whether Cooper and I will even reach the home run.

Hailey and MacKenzie both ignore me and start grabbing things off the shelf as we continue down the aisle.

Pop Rocks, lotions, condoms, hand cuffs, lube, a blind fold and who the hell knows what other stuff they grabbed. It scared the shit out of me, that's all I know. Hailey reaches forward and goes for the nipple clamps but I put my hand out and stop her. "Okay now, let's not go crazy."

Both girls look at each other and laugh, throwing the nipple clamps in the mix despite my objections. I look up the ceiling and just shake my head. We walk around the lingerie and look through the racks. I know I need something that will catch Cooper's eye but I also don't want something slutty. I want something sexy.

I'm a few racks away from Hailey and MacKenzie and I'm about to give up because I'm not seeing anything that is catching my eye, but as I turn around to see if they are ready to leave I find what I was looking for.

A baseball lingerie set with a pin striped top that ties in the front and a matching garter belt with a buckle belt. It even comes with a play bat. As I'm holding it out in front of me I hear Hailey, "That's it."

I turn around to show both Hailey and MacKenzie. "Yup, Cooper is going to go f**king crazy."

MacKenzie rubs her belly, "There's no doubting that he's stepping up to the plate when he sees you in that."

Relieved they agree, I smile in relief for the first time all day, "Let's get the hell out of here."

"I'll be right there." Hailey says as she walks away.

MacKenzie and I make our way up to the register. Thankfully it's a lady at the register. I don't need to be anymore mortified than I am right now. Hailey throws up a pair of white thigh highs and winks at me. I roll my eyes and shake my head. She just completed my outfit.

After all my stuff is bought and paid for, the three of us head back to my place. Cooper is still out with the guys so MacKenzie and Hailey give me the run down on what to do to get started. My cheeks are burning red by the time they leave, it actually feels like I have sunburn.

Let's hope this actually works and I don't make myself out to be a fool.

8

My body is sore after training today. I pushed myself harder than I normally do because I'm frustrated and pissed after last night. Jaylinn shouldn't be going through this shit anymore. She told me she was doing better but she's obviously not. I'm irritated with myself because I'm holding back with her. I don't want this. I don't want to hold back damn it. I want to devour her body, make her scream my name. I want her panting underneath me, telling me she wants this as much as I do but I can't push her. Fuck!

"Bro," Mason punches me in the arm, "what's with you today?"

I let out a frustrated sigh, knowing I can't tell him, "Nothing."

"Bullshit." Mason stands in front of his car with his arms folded in front of his chest.

I lean up against mine and cross my ankles. I flip up my hood and bury my hands in the front of my hoodie. "I'm just in a bad mood that's all."

Mason cocks an eyebrow at me knowing I'm full of shit.

I shake my head. "It's nothing man, seriously."

Hunter pulls up in his unmarked police car. My eyebrows draw together. I hope everything's ok. Mason and I walk over to him. "What's up man?" Mason asks.

"Nothing much, just seeing what you fools are up to." Hunter checks his phone then places it in the cup holder.

Mason and I glare at him.

"What?" Hunter asks, giving us a look. "Are you ass**les always this miserable after your workouts?" "Why don't you tell us why you're really here?" I quip back.

Hunter rests his head back against his head rest. "Just a long day, you guys want to head over to the batting cages for a little while? I gotta let some of this pent up aggression out."

Mason pulls his phone from his pocket and dials Hailey I'm sure.

"Yeah I'm game." I tell him, digging in my bag for my keys. "I'll meet you over there now? Or do you want to go later?"

Mason walks back towards his car.

"Now if that's cool with you. CC and Chloe are at the house with the boys so now is better so she isn't home by herself." Hunter yawns.

Mason walks back over scowling.

"What's wrong?" I ask him.

Mason looks up at me, "Hailey isn't answering. She knows I hate that shit."

"She's probably napping or something." Hunter says. "CC sleeps all the time."

Mason considers this for a minute. "Yeah, I guess you're right. When are you heading over?"

I adjust the bag on my shoulder, squinting at the bright sky. "Now."

Mason reaches in his pocket to retrieve his keys, "Alright, let's go."

I put the tokens in the machine and set it on fast. After putting my gloves on, I slip my helmet over my head and look over at the boys to see them doing the same. I grab my bat and step into the cage. The ball comes barreling at me and I swing. My bat connects with the ball and a thunderous noise bounces off the walls. I do this five times in a row before I miss one. My shoulders slump. I raise my bat again and go another four times before the machine stops. I hang my bat in the fence before stepping out of the gate. Mason and Hunter follow suit. I take a seat on the bench and reach for my water.

"Damn bro, why can't you bat like that at games?" Mason jokes around.

I glare over at him. "Listen to you, tough guy. What's your batting average?"

That shuts him up. He had a pretty shitty year last year with everything that was going on between him and Hailey. It was a dick thing to say but if he can dish it out he should be able to take it.

Hunter slips his hat on backwards and crosses his arms over his chest. I know the questions are about to start and I'm not in the mood to deal with them right now.

"All bullshitting aside, what's up with you, Coop? I hardly ever see you get pissed off." Hunter says.

Shaking my head, I look down at the ground. "Just in a bad mood is all. Don't feel like talking about it."

Hunter's not giving up so easily. "You and Jaylinn have a fight?"

"Nope."

Mason shrugs his shoulders and walks back over to his cage.

Hunter takes Mason's seat next to me. "You and Jaylinn break up?"

I look over at him in confusion. "We aren't together. I've told you and everyone else that. I don't get why no one believes me."

"You could have fooled me," Hunter huffs, not buying my bullshit. "You guys practically live together, you do everything together, and you f**king kiss each other all the time. What are we supposed to believe?"

"I want you all to believe me when I say we aren't a couple."

Hunter nods his head.

I'm being a dick and no one deserves it but I can't talk to them about what I'm feeling. I can't talk to anyone.

"You know I'm ok with you and Jaylinn right? I know it doesn't matter because if you say nothing is going on than nothing is, but if it does, I'm ok with it."

I nod, and give him a head nod. "Thanks man." After placing my water bottle back on the bench, I head back into the cage to release a little more of my frustration.

Every time the bat connects I can feel myself letting go a little.

After going another four times I'm feeling a bit better and exhausted enough to go home and hopefully get a nap in. After Jaylinn's nightmare last night I didn't go back to sleep and it's starting to take its toll. Mason and Hunter are sitting on the bench when I walk out.

I reach up and wipe the sweat away with the back of my hand, looking over at them. "You guys done?"

"Yeah," Mason says while he taps away on his phone, never looking up.

"Feel better now?" Hunter asks, raising his eyebrows at me. "I think you needed this more than I did."

"Yeah," I mumble back. I did a little but as soon as I was out of the cage, the frustration seemed to be coming back again.

I finish off my water and we all grab our stuff and head out. On our way, Hunter's phone rings and he groans before answering it.

"Hello?" Hunter looks over at Mason. "Yeah alright, we're done here anyway." Hunter shakes his head. "Yeah you're welcome but you owe me a favor now."

My eyebrows draw in wonder but I don't look over in Hunter's direction.

"Yeah well, dealing with a moody ass**le will cause that." He chuckles and I turn my head this time to look over at him.

"Bye." Hunter hangs up and stuffs the phone in his pocket.

Mason and I are staring at Hunter, waiting for him to tell us who that was.

"It was Jaylinn."

Mason unlocks his car and climbs in.

"Good luck when you get home. She's up to something." Hunter warns me with a mysterious smirk on his face.

"Fuck." I mutter.

I pull up into the driveway beside Jaylinn's car. I don't get out right away, my body is relaxed and I could fall asleep right here in my truck. I kinda want tojust started getting dark out and I see that most of the house is dark except the upstairs bedroom. She's probably upstairs reading or has fallen asleep with the light on which she does a lot lately. I didn't come right home after I left the batting cages; I drove around for a little while trying to clear my head. When I'm around Jay I can't think. Right now I can, or at least I don't have to think about anything if I don't want to.

My stomach rumbles and that's interrupting my thinking. I haven't eaten anything since this morning when I cooked myself breakfast before leaving for the gym. Part of me hopes Jaylinn has cooked because I'm starving and not in the mood.

Reaching for my bag on the passenger side, I head inside in search of some food, knowing that once I find some, I'm hitting the bed early tonight.

My steps are heavy but when I get to the door, it's unlocked and it pisses me off that she's here alone and didn't lock the door. Safe neighborhood or not, I don't like it, not when it's starting to get dark. "Jaylinn?"

No answer.

I drop my bag next to the door and kick off my shoes. "Jay!" I pull my hoodie over my head and throw it on top of my bag, waiting for her to say something.

Still no answer.

I walk into the kitchen and everything is clean. I look in the microwave to see if she left me any food. Thank. Fucking. God. There's a plate made up with steak, potatoes and corn ready for me and I nearly groan. Closing the door, I set the time for two minutes to warm it up.

When it beeps I take it out and take a seat at the kitchen table. I quickly eat my food since I know if I sit here for long I'll fall asleep I'm so exhausted. After I'm done I put the plate in the dishwasher and grab a bottle of water and head upstairs for a shower.

I open the bedroom door, the bed is empty but clearly she's been here because the covers are ruffled like she's been lying in bed on top of them.

Music is coming from the bathroom. She must be taking a bath and didn't hear me calling her. I walk over to plug my phone into the charger that's next to the bed. Something catches my eye on the bed. I turn and have to do a double take.

There is a f**king dildo on my bed. A f**king dildo!

I lean over the bed to make sure that's really what it is. It surely is just that. It's a glass rose dildo. I take a deep breath, trying to keep my mind from going to where it so desperately wants to. What the hell happened after I left?

Immediately I'm thinking she used that on herself and I like that thought, but then again, I don't. I walk over to Jay's side of the bed and damn near trip over a pair of heels.

What the f**k? I look down and there are stockings, a thong and a black dress lying on the floor. This has to be some kind of joke?

I walk over to the bathroom door and knock once. She had better be in there alone is my first thought. I wait for her to answer but nothing. "Wicked Games" by The Weekend is playing from her phone, I lean my forehead against the bathroom door. My dick springs to life immediately and I'm surprised it didn't when I saw the dildo but it's now that I start imagining what she's doing in there. I squeeze my eyes shut, trying to hold myself back from walking in the bathroom and demanding to know what the hell is going on.

Before I realize what I'm doing I push the door open and the steam from the bathroom billows out. I stand in the doorway; she doesn't know I'm here yet, and I watch her, it's everything I can do not to move closer. A moan escapes from her lips and I bite down hard on my bottom lip and grip the doorway.

The doors to the shower are frosted glass so I can't see her clearly but I can make out her body and it's enough. Believe me, it's enough. She has a foot propped up on the ledge of the bathtub and a hand on the glass door with her head bent forward. I take a step closer and I can hear her panting.

Fuck me.

She tosses her head back and my name is moaned out. I squeeze my eyes shut and bring my fisted hand to my mouth, leaning into the doorframe for support, if I don't, I'm falling to my knees. I don't want her to know I'm here. I seriously can't believe Jaylinn; my shy, bashful Jaylinn is getting herself off. It's sexy as hell is what it is. Her breathing is quickening and I know she's about to make herself come. Goddamn it I want to be her hand; I want to be it so bad. Without wanting to, I take the next few steps and place an open hand on the glass, exactly where hers is on the other side. Now that I'm closer I can hear the faint sound of a vibrator and I can't help the groan that comes from deep within me. It was loud enough that it caught Jaylinn's attention.

She looks up and stares at me through the glass. "Cooper?"

I don't answer her, I'm not sure I can right now. My dick is painfully hard and I know shit is about to hit the fan whether I want it to or not. When I answer, when I finally speak, I know where this is going to go; I see it play out before me.

She lowers her leg and slowly opens the door. When half of her body is exposed I turn my head. I can't look at her. My body is humming with want and need and if I look, I'll do.

Jaylinn's small hand reaches for my chin and turns my head towards her. Water drips from her elbow down to the tiled floor. "Baby," Jaylinn says in a sexy voice.

I bite down on my lip; my body is shaking, fighting against the need. I let my eyes roam from her racy red toenails, to her toned, tanned legs. Her pu**y is now bare when it wasn't just the other day. Fuck me. Her flat stomach flexes as my eyes travel up her body. Her ni**les are hard and begging me to touch them. I take a deep breath and let my eyes wander to her plump full pink lips. Her tongue comes out to lick her lips and my eyes immediately find hers.

Jaylinn reaches forward and grabs the hem of my shirt and starts to lift it but I put a hand over hers to stop her. I can't do this. I can't f**king do this, not after last night.

"Stop fighting me." Jaylinn whispers, just over the sound of the shower.

I drop my hand to my side. My breaths are coming in faster and faster. When she gets the shirt to my chest I lift my arms and let her pull it off. She steps out of the shower and runs her wet hands from my shoulders down my chest and stomach. My body goes rigid as she slips her fingertips under the band of my sweatpants. Jaylinn starts to lower my pants slowly. As she gets lower so does her whole body and before I know it she's on her knees in front of me, dripping wet. My c**k swells and twitches as her eyes roam over me.

Jaylinn reaches for me and brings me closer to her. She places a kiss on my stomach just above my belly button and then trails a finger down the patch of hair that trails to my dick. She grabs me fully in her tiny hand and pumps up and down so slowly. When she reaches the tip again I pull back and out of her grasp.

Jaylinn looks up at me with those big gorgeous blue eyes of hers.

This is a bad f**king idea but I can't seem to think with the right head right now. Jaylinn seems to be reading my mind as she takes a few steps back and I watch as her h*ps sway back and forth. She's teasing me. She's f**king teasing me.

I step into the shower and pull Jaylinn in with me, bringing her back to my front. My dick rests against her ass and I have to stop the urge to thrust my hips. "What were you doing in here, Jay?" I whisper into her ear.

My right hand slips between her legs and her head falls back against my shoulder. "Playing with myself."

"And why were you doing that?" I rub her cl*t and her legs start to shake. I have control and she knows it.

"Because I wanted to." She pants, barely able to get the words out.

I let my voice drop lower. "Were you thinking of me when you were touching yourself?"

I circle her entrance with my finger going around and around until she answers me.

"Y...Yes." Jaylinn moans.

I dip a single finger in her It's a big f**king mistake on my part because I want my dick where my finger is. She knows it too. Jaylinn tries to spin in my arms but I trap her with my body against the cold shower wall. I thrust my hips, letting my dick slide between her ass cheeks and it's the most amazing feeling. "Don't ever," I thrust a little harder this time, "ever do that shit again."

I quickly take a step back and watch her eyes flare as she spins to face me. "Fuck you, Cooper. I've got to get myself off somehow and you don't seem to be game for it."

That pisses me off. I glare hard at her as she smirks at me.

"Is that so?"

I stalk towards her and pin her arms above her head against the wall. "Yeah that is so." She moans back.

I look around for the vibrator and spot it on the floor near the drain. I keep her arms pinned with one hand while I reach down and grab it. I turn it on and reach down between her legs. I place it on her cl*t causing her eyes to roll to the back of her head. I tease her for a couple of minutes, letting her squirm before dropping it and plunging two fingers deep inside her. Her head falls forward and she bites down on my shoulder.

"Fuck," I groan.

I pump my fingers a little faster and curve them so they're hitting that spot and within seconds she screaming my name as her pu**y is gripping my fingers while she rides out her orgasm. When I know she's coming back down I hold her body up against mine because I know she's not going to be able to hold herself up for a little bit.

"Damn, Cooper." Jaylinn says breathily and I lose myself in the sound.

I kiss her hard on the lips, letting my tongue explore her mouth.

"Still feel like you've got to get yourself off?" I ask her as I push back some of the hair that's fallen in front of her face.

"That wasn't supposed to happen." Jaylinn smirks at me. "I already had myself worked up before you walked in."

I chuckle. "Oh yeah?"

"Yup." Jaylinn pops the p.

She looks down between our bodies and notices that I'm still achingly hard. Her little hand starts to slide down my body but I stop her.

"Let me." She pleads.

"Not tonight." I tell her before placing a kiss on her swollen lips.

"Cooper," She whines.

I ignore her and reach over to turn the water on cold. I'm surprised we even have any hot water left at this point. Jaylinn yelps and steps back out of the spray.

"That's not right, Cooper!" Jaylinn opens the shower door and jumps out, still dripping wet.

I let the freezing cold water run all over my body but I know that nothing is going to help me at this point and it's only going to give me a little relief. I know as soon as that water is off, I'm not getting off and that sucks for me.

Fuck, sucks. What I wouldn't give for that. My head falls to the shower wall a little harder than necessary but I'm hoping it knocks some sense into me.

9

The last few days Cooper has been doing everything to avoid being alone with me. He's been meeting with Eli a lot about the whole club business and trying to get it launched before pre-season starts up in February. His time at the gym is lasting a lot longer than normal and when he comes home he's so exhausted that half the time he falls asleep on the couch. He's been hanging out at his brother's or MacKenzie's house a lot more too.

It's pretty clear he's avoiding me.

It's Thursday afternoon and I just left the gym. A few of the girls from the soccer team called and asked if I wanted to meet up. I agreed because I needed to let out some aggression. I'm super frustrated with the way things are between Cooper and me right now. I know what you're thinking - I can solve it all by giving him an ultimatum; me or nothing at all. Deep down inside though, I'm afraid that he'll choose the latter. I know in my heart that Cooper would never hurt me and he's just keeping me at arms-length because he thinks that's what's best. But damn it, he shouldn't be the one who gets to decide that for me.

No sooner do I get upstairs and start to undress so that I can jump in the shower, than my cell phone rings. I run out of the bathroom in nothing but my panties and bra.

"Hello?" I say after snatching it up from one of the pockets in my purse.

"Hey," Cooper says.

My heart skips a beat at the sound of his voice, "What's up?"

He's in his truck; I can hear his turn signal. "You have plans tonight?"

I shake my head, "No. I was just about to jump in the shower."

"Alright, I'm going out to dinner with Eli. I wanted to see if you wanted to come out with us."

He hasn't wanted anything to do with me since the shower incident, so why now?

"Um, no I'll just hang out around here and watch a movie or something. Have fun, I'll talk to you later."

I hang up before he even has a chance to respond. I don't want to hear him say ok. I don't want to hear him say anything right now, unless it's yes.

My phone rings again as soon as I toss it on the bed. I peek back over at it and it's Cooper calling back. I ignore it and go back to taking my shower. I stand under the spray for a while, letting the hot water loosen the tight muscles in my legs. I massage the shampoo into my hair and then rinse it and put my new coconut conditioner in.

I've just finished shaving my legs when I hear my name being yelled from downstairs. It's Cooper and he sounds pissed. Oh well. I wash off the shaving cream and start to rinse my hair out when the bathroom door bangs open.

I groan inwardly. He could have at least knocked first. What if I had been standing here naked? Not that I would have cared, he's seen me na**d a number of times, but still, it's the principal that gets my back up. I continue to rinse my hair and ignore him until the glass door slides open and Cooper's stormy blue eyes glare at me. His jaw is set and he's gripping the door.

I bring my hands down and cross my arms over my chest in an attempt to cover myself up. "I'm almost done, can this wait please?"

I shiver from the storm brewing in his eyes and from the cold air that's being let into the bathroom. I know I'm going to have a fight on my hands but I don't understand why. He's the one that has been ignoring me.

"Cooper?" I repeat myself.

He shakes his head and closes the shower door. I wait to hear the bathroom door shut before going back to what I was doing, but it doesn't. I look up to the ceiling, willing for the strength to get through this fight without showing Cooper that my feelings have been hurt.

Ten minutes have passed and I know it's been more than enough time and I've got to face the music. I slide the door open just a bit and reach out for my towel that's on the hook. I dry off quickly and wrap the towel tightly around my body before getting out of the shower.

Cooper is leaning up against the sink doing something on his phone. He looks up at me and I see his face soften, it's just a little bit but it's enough for me to know that he knows he's in the wrong and I'm on to his avoidance.

"Come to dinner with me?" Cooper asks me again.

I shake my head and hold the towel a little tighter.

Cooper takes a few steps in my direction then he reaches out with his big callous hand and tips my chin up. "Please?"

My eyes close briefly. "I'm really ok, Cooper. Just go out with Eli and have a good time. I'm going to grab some ice cream from the store and maybe see if one of the girls wants to watch a movie or something."

"Jay..." Cooper says in a warning tone. I watch as he works his jaw back and forth.

"Go live your life, Cooper." I say with a chill to my voice.

His eyes go wide in surprise. I'm hardly ever cold with him but it's come to that point now. This is what he gets for ignoring me. He did this, not me.

Cooper grips my upper arms and pulls me closer to him. He bends down so his mouth is close to my ear. "You are my life. You've been my life for longer then you realize."

I gasp and feel my legs go weak. He can't mean those things. "Don't lie to me, Cooper. Remember our rule? No lies, no matter what."

Cooper pulls back and stares intently into my eyes, "No lies, ever."

We stand there in the chilly bathroom, both looking into each other's eyes. There are so many emotions, feelings, and yet, nothing is voiced. I know I mean something to Cooper, he's shown me time and time again. We've been friends for years and I've had a crush for a long time but I never said anything because I didn't think Cooper was interested in me that way. Plus I didn't want things to get weird if I told him how I felt, so I stayed in the batter's box and never stepped up to the plate. After that night back in Boston, Cooper and I talked for hours; he knew I needed a distraction. The timing of the conversation was all wrong but is there ever a good time for confessing your feelings? He told me that he's always had a crush on me but knew Hunter would have a problem with it so he stayed away. He also said he stayed away because he, like I, thought that I didn't like him that way. I confessed to Cooper that I followed him to school because I wanted to see if things could work out between us without the rest of the family around. I could have gone to school with my brother, Hailey, and MacKenzie, because I was offered a soccer scholarship as well, but I didn't want that.

"Promise?" I ask, finally finding my voice. "Promise you're not lying?"

Cooper replies back immediately, "Promise."

"Why have you been avoiding me?" I steel the walls around my heart, preparing for the blow.

Cooper looks away for a second before answering, "I'm sorry." He sighs, still not looking at me. If I had to guess I'd say that he's afraid to look at me right now. "I'm just trying to get everything handled before pre-season starts. And yes, I have been avoiding you a little bit after that dirty trick."

I roll my eyes and push Cooper back a step. "There was nothing dirty about it. I knew what I was doing and I knew the consequences."

Cooper chuckles and shoves his hands in his pockets. "I thought you would have been in here doing it again. That's why I came barging in."

I shake my head and walk out into the bedroom, instantly the mood between us shifts and I'm more comfortable. I walk over to the closet that holds the few outfits of mine that I have here. I really need to get back home to my mom's. I've been spending more and more time here and maybe that's what's shifting in our relationship. Maybe tomorrow I'll actually go to my mom's and stay there for a little while to give us some space.

Cooper walks up behind me and places a hand on my hip. "Get dressed up. We're going out and Eli's going to be there."

I turn to glare at Cooper and he winks at me. Jerk. My walls tumble knowing I'm giving into his request. Plus it wouldn't hurt to be able to hang out with Eli for a little while, right? You know, just to look at him. That will distract me for a little while at least.

An hour later I'm dressed in my favorite skinny jeans with the fancy designs on the pockets, a hot pink off the shoulder sweater and my grey high heeled boots. I grab my grey shawl to match my shoes and I switch out my purse for my pink clutch. I've styled my hair into a high messy up do because I know having my neck exposed will drive Cooper crazy. I can't help but want to tease him a little more. Just to add smoke to the fire, I've done my make-up a little darker; I hardly ever wear make-up but I know that making myself look sultry will get to Cooper.

I hear him barreling up the stairs, probably to tell me to hurry the hell up. I grab my clutch and meet him at the door before he can even say anything.

Cooper takes in my appearance and I watch him swallow hard a few times. "Damn." He says under his breath.

I smile sweetly, "Guess I've got your stamp of approval?"

Cooper rubs at the scruff on his face and a smile breaks across his beautiful lips. "Yeah, I guess you do."

Cooper turns the light off as I walk past him and down the stairs. He's already got the truck running and cleared off. I hadn't even realized it was snowing.

I turn to look at Cooper, "Should we still go? It's coming down pretty hard."

Cooper shrugs, "Yeah we'll be fine. We aren't going far."

We climb into the truck and buckle ourselves in. "So where are we going anyway?"

"Oceans," Cooper smiles. "Cole's back in town."

I smile brightly. I love Cole's music and he's an overall good guy. I even overlook the fact that he was involved with Lily. The drive to Oceans is slow but we make it safe and sound. The parking lot is full, which doesn't surprise me. Cole's band knows how to draw a crowd.

Cooper finds a parking spot and when we pull in I reach down for my purse and place a hand on the door handle but he stops me. "I'll come around and open the door."

I smile and nod. He's being sweet and trying to make up for being an ass these last few days even though going out to a place like this bothers him. Going out with Cooper is sometimes an arduous process - since he's a hometown player he gets recognized a lot and he doesn't really like the attention. Well at least not anymore. Mason and he used to eat that shit up.

Cooper wears a simple pair of stone washed jeans that hang perfectly on his slender hips. Under his jacket he's got a black polo, the sleeves of which strain against his bulging biceps, paired with his black Nikes and his black New York Yankees hat pulled down low. He's handsome; I watch as he rounds the truck towards me and I get little butterflies in my stomach. I'm one lucky girl.

Cooper opens my door and holds a hand out for me. "Thanks."

We walk hand in hand up to the door where a bouncer sits just inside. "What's up Manny?" Cooper greets the man that's sitting on a stool, dressed all in black with the club's logo on the front of his shirt.

"Nothing much," Manny looks in my direction and gives me a smile. "Eli's already here. He said to tell you he's waiting for you in a booth near the club."

Cooper shakes Manny's hand in that guy hand shake way that they do.

We weave around the crowd and spot a drop dead gorgeous Eli sitting in the booth by himself, looking all mouthwatering. When he spots us he tips his beer towards Cooper and me, and then stands to greet us. He shakes hands with Cooper, "'Bout time you showed up."

Cooper laughs and pulls me closer to him. "Waiting on this girl, you know how they are."

I jab Cooper a little with my elbow and he chuckles. Eli looks in my direction and I know when he recognizes me. His lip pulls up in a half smile. I divert my eyes towards the stage, looking for a distraction and to keep the blush at bay. I swear I hear Cooper growl and Eli chuckles.

"What's up Jaylinn?" Eli's raspy voice wraps around me and it feels like I can't breathe.

I look up to Cooper who's trying his hardest not to let on that he hates the fact I think Eli's hot. When you're in the presence of the guy it's like he's got this confidence about him that just draws you in. He's tall, handsome, with a beautifully proportioned body. His olive skin contrasts pleasingly with his white teeth and his compelling blue eyes, and he has the perfect smile. His short brown messy hair gleams in the dimly lit bar. There is not a damn thing wrong with this man.

I lick my lips and Cooper reaches over, gripping my hand tightly in his. I raise an eyebrow at Cooper and give him a pointed look. He wants to stake his claim on me in front of Eli but when I want him to commit to me I get the 'I'm keeping you at arm's length' speech.

I focus my attention to Eli, "Nothing much. How are things with you?"

He shrugs, "Good. Cooper and I are working hard to get this new club up and running."

I nod because I know they have been. Eli takes a seat and Cooper nudges me to slide into the booth and then he takes a seat next to me. The waitress stops over and Eli orders another drink while Cooper orders one for him and me. I send a silent prayer up that she doesn't ask for I.D. but sitting with these two is a sure distraction, especially with Eli eye f**king her.

"So I spoke to that real estate agent when I stopped home to change." Eli says to Cooper. "The building's ours if we want."

Cooper nods, "That's great. It's going to be a good location. It's close enough for the college crowd and the summer crowds."

Eli takes a swig of his beer and looks out over the crowd. "Yeah, man. You think we should jump on it?"

Cooper looks over at me and I give him a little smile. I have no idea where this place is that they were looking at, so I have no feedback.

"Let's do it."

Eli nods his agreement, "I'll call her first thing in the morning."

The waitress comes back over and places our drinks down at the same time the crowd starts cheering and the band walks out on stage. I watch as a confident Cole saddles up to the mic. "How's everyone doing?"

The crowd all whoops and hollers.

"Well I hope you all enjoy the show tonight." Cole scans the crowd and spots Cooper and I and he nods his head in greeting.

Cole sits on the stool and the crowd quiets. He strums his guitar, testing it out. "I'm going to start off with a popular cover song. Sound good?"

Everyone cheers and a girl screams that she loves Cole.

Cooper reaches over and pulls me a little closer to him. Eli catches him and winks at me. I bite down on my bottom lip and try to focus back on Cole singing.

After a few songs, Cooper excuses himself to use the bathroom, leaving me at the table with Eli. When Cooper disappears into the crowd Eli asks about our relationship. "So...you and Cooper?"

I shrug, not really sure how to answer that question so I answer it the best way I know how. "It's complicated."

Eli laughs bitterly, "Aren't they all?"

I sense a bit of hostility in his tone. I wonder if Eli's been burned, and then quickly dismiss that idea. There is no way that could happen. Who in their right mind would walk away from him?

"You guys were always close, huh?" Eli asks.

"Yeah, we've got a lot of history."

Eli brings his beer to his lips but before he takes a sip he says, "And he hasn't put a ring on that finger yet?"

I'm thrown off guard a little bit by his question. "Um, no."

He mumbles something that sounds like 'stupid move'.

I look towards the bathrooms, hoping Cooper would be coming back in our direction but no such luck. I feel slightly awkward sitting here with Eli, feeling like he wants to say more about my relationship with Cooper. With each song that Cole plays the beat picks up. The crowd is eating it up and really enjoying themselves.

Eli stands and holds a hand out, "Dance with me?"

My eyes go wide in surprise. I don't think this is a good idea but for some reason I do it anyway. I place a hand in Eli's and let him lead me off towards the dance floor and I pray Cooper doesn't freak the f**k out when he finds us.

10

When I come back to the booth it's empty. I scan the crowd and spot Eli and Jaylinn dancing. I can tell it's friendly by the way Jaylinn is keeping a safe distance but it pisses me off anyway. Who the hell does Eli think he is asking my girl to dance? She's not your girl Cooper.

As Jaylinn dances seductively around Eli's body, her eyes connect with mine and it strikes something in me. My stomach clenches and my hands ball into fists. I stalk off towards them, ready to claim my girl back. Eli had asked me about Jaylinn earlier when I'd mentioned that I was going to bring her tonight and I told him that things were complicated but I really didn't think he'd try and make a move on her. I know he was kidding around and shit when he said he bang her but maybe it wasn't so much of a joke after all.

Jaylinn's eyes follow my every movement, all the while keeping up with Eli's dance moves. I'm just about to them when Jaylinn stops right in front of Eli and places a hand on his chest and sways her h*ps all the way down his body without sitting on the ground. Suddenly it feels like my body is scorching,pumping hot lava through my veins.

I stop directly where I am and watch as she sways those perfect h*ps back up his body. Her eyes are still fixed on me, even when Eli puts his hands on her h*ps and pulls her body closer to him. His head turns towards her ear. He must say something because Jaylinn licks her lips and nods her head. Eli turns in my direction, giving me a head nod and acknowledging that he knows I'm aware of their dancing and then he spins Jaylinn gracefully into my direction. My arms open and Jaylinn lands right up against my chest. I inhale deeply as the smell of her perfume swirls in the air around us.

"Jay," My voice comes out husky.

"Baby," Jaylinn purrs.

Her body starts to sway to music and I feel myself doing the same. The song slowly comes to an end. Cole stands and walks to the mic, "We're going to slow things down for a few minutes and play a favorite song of mine. There's a couple in the house that knows this song fairly well and I think it's appropriate that I play it for them."

Jaylinn's head snaps to the stage, seeking out Cole. "Are Mason and Hailey here?" She asks, standing on her tip toes and looking around.

I cup the side of Jaylinn's face, completely forgetting the fact that I was beyond pissed seeing her dancing with Eli. While I was gone I had walked over and asked if Manny could get a message to Cole for me. I requested that he play the song that meant just as much to Jaylinn and I as it does Mason and Hailey. I know Jaylinn was upset that I was blowing her off but it's what I needed to do, I just have to make sure she knows she a huge part of my life and always will be.

A piano is rolled out on the stage and Cole takes a seat behind it. He hits the first few keys to "Changed By You" by Between the Trees, and Jaylinn looks to me with a sea of emotion in her eyes and I'm drowning in it.

Her arms slowly reach up around my neck and I bring her body flush against mine. She lowers her right hand and places it on my chest, just over my heart, and rests her head on my shoulder.

Our bodies sway back and forth as a hold her close. "I know this is Hailey and Mason's song but the words are fitting and I need you to understand how I feel about you." I kiss her cheek. "You've been there for me when my life felt out of control back in school. Classes and baseball were taking up all my time but you were always there. Half the time I never even acknowledged that you were there, but I knew. You never missed any of my games, not even in high school, unless you had one of your own. Even now when I told you I was thinking of quitting you didn't push me to stay with baseball. You were trying to figure out a way for me to do both." I take a long deep breath, needing a little courage to continue. "When shit went down I blamed myself, I still do, but for some reason you've stuck around."

Jaylinn lifts her head and begs me with her eyes to understand that it wasn't my fault. "Cooper you aren't to blame. You couldn't have stopped what almost happened."

I bite on my bottom lip, feeling my shoulder sag. "If I didn't bring you, you wouldn't have had to worry about anything. I feel like you left BU because of me. You left your friends and teammates behind to transfer to Georgian Court."

Before I can keep going Jaylinn stops me by placing a finger to my lips. "I didn't transfer because of you. I transferred because I wanted to. Nothing I wanted was in Boston anymore." The last part comes out more of a whisper.

A small part of me still feels like she's fooling herself. If I could have stayed in Boston she would have continued to go to school there. The ass**le that caused all of this shit was no longer an issue because he was kicked out of school for reasons that she doesn't know, but her mind was already made up.

I claim her warm sweet lips. They part and I slip my tongue inside, sending a shiver of desire racing through me.

The rest of the night we spend dancing, drinking and talking. We seemed to have lost Eli after their little show on the dance floor and that's fine by me. I'll have to talk to that f**ker tomorrow and set him straight, but for now I'm here with my girl.

A few weeks ago, Mason and I went to jewelry store in the mall and I found the perfect ring for Jaylinn. It's a blue diamond infinity ring, a symbol of my trust that I will always be there for her. She needs that from me. Plus, it was Mason's constant rambling in my ear that persuaded me to buy her the ring.

Jaylinn didn't want her mom to spend Christmas morning alone so she slept at her house and is on her way over now. I woke up a few hours ago with doubt lingering over the gift that I had picked out, thinking she wasn't going to like it.

The alarm on the front door beeps, notifying me that she's here.

"Coop?" Jaylinn calls out.

"In the kitchen."

She comes up the stairs and runs into my arms. "Merry Christmas, Baby."

I tighten my arms around her, "Merry Christmas Twinkle Toes."

She shakes her head at the nick name I had given her a few years ago. The things that girl could do with her feet still amazes me. She is a beast on the soccer field and I'm glad she was able to transfer teams so she can continue to play.

"So can I open my gift?" she asks, bouncing up and down, barely able to control her excitement.

"You're like a little kid on Christmas morning." I laugh at her enthusiasm and my stomach tightens at the thought of giving her the gift.

Jaylinn pouts and I pull her back to me and kiss the pout from her lips. "No pouting."

"Then don't make me wait." Jaylinn quips back.

I shake my head and walk over to the fridge. Reaching into the cabinet above it, I pull out the small wrapped gift.

"Son of a bitch! That's where you hid it?" Jaylinn shrieks.

I look over my shoulder at her like she's lost her damn mind. "Um, from your reaction, it's a good thing I did hide it in there. I can't believe you were snooping around." I say with amusement. She really is like a big kid.

Jaylinn rolls her eyes, "You mean to tell me you never went snooping around for your gifts?"

I place the box on the counter next to where she is leaning. She eyes it skeptically before her hand starts to reach for it.

"Don't." I say with a little more force then I wanted. I'm sweating and nervous. I never get nervous. I can be up to bat at the most important game of my life with the bases loaded and not feel anything like I do right now. I don't want her to get the wrong impression and screw up what we have. I've got to explain it as she opens it.

Jaylinn crosses arms and looks down to the floor.

I curse under my breath, this isn't going right.

Knowing I need a different approach, I stand in front of Jaylinn reaching for her hands. As our fingers entwine, I take a moment, and then lift our hands to tilt her chin so she's looking at me. "I'm sorry."

She nods her head and bites her bottom lip. I close my eyes, now she's making me hard and it's not the time for that. "I'm nervous."

Jaylinn's eyes snap up to mine when I admit I'm nervous over this, "Why?"

I shrug, not wanting to say.

"Coop, whatever you give me is going to be perfect." Jaylinn tries to reassure me with her words and the gentleness in which she delivers them.

It works so I kiss her forehead and let go of her hands. Reaching over for the little box, I place it in her hand and then look up at her again. "When you open this I don't want you to get the wrong impression. This is a gift that represents us. It's our symbol."

A sly smile breaks across her face and I'm not sure she even heard what I said. "Ok, can I open it now?"

I nod and she doesn't waste a second tearing open the wrapping paper. She sees the words of the jewelry store on top of the box and her attention zones back to me. I smile as my stomach rolls; I wipe my hands down my jeans.

Jaylinn flips the lid of the box open and her hand starts to shake. "Coop..."

She hates it. She f**king hates it. I just know it.

I put my hands in my pockets so that I don't grab it out of her hands and throw it in the trash. This was a stupid idea. Damn Mason.

"It's perfect." She reaches into the box and pulls the ring out. Jaylinn places it on her ring finger on her right hand and lifts it up to examine it. "It's so sparkly."

"Just like your eyes." I say aloud, more to myself then to her.

Jaylinn stands up on her tip toes and kisses me. It's a gentle kiss but it's full of emotion, want and need. I kiss her back, matching everything she's giving me.

"I didn't think a promise ring would work for us so I got you this instead. Just remember that I'll always be there for you no matter what. It's infinity." I explain.

"I..." she closes her eyes and starts again, "I love you, Cooper Cahill."

My heart stops, literally. She's never said those words to me and I'm not sure how to take them. Yeah we've said them kidding around but never in a serious conversation like this one. Can she really love me?

"Coop?"

"Yeah?"

"I mean it. I love you."

I look into her eyes and I know her words are true. Jaylinn McCormick loves me. It scares the hell out of me but in this moment I couldn't give two shits about all my hang ups about us.

A smirk breaks out across my face, "Oh yeah?"

"Yeah,"

"Good, because I wasn't really giving you a choice." I slap her ass and she giggles. I haven't said it back because it's not the right time for me, but before we leave the house this morning I will say the words.

"So can I give you my present now?" Jaylinn jumps around again.

I roll my eyes, acting annoyed but secretly loving how playful she is. "I guess."

Jaylinn drags me behind her into the garage. She moves a few boxes out of her way and then pushes a blanket off of a box hidden in the corner.

"So that's where you hid it." I say, mimicking her.

"Haha," She says sarcastically. Jaylinn grabs the box and turns around to give it to me. "I hope you like. You're a pain in the ass to buy for because you have everything already."

I tuck the box under my arm and help her around the boxes. "I'm sure it's great and I already told you I didn't need anything."

We go back into the kitchen and I put the package down on the table. I pull the bow and then unwrap it as she watches over my shoulder. When I open the box I'm lost for words. She bought me a new helmet for my bike. I pull it out so I can get a better view of it. It's a custom painted helmet with flaming baseballs on each side and my jersey number five on the top.

"Well?" She pressed, and I put the helmet down, pulling her in front of me. "If you don't like it we can get you something else."

"Hell no, I don't want something else. It's perfect, thank you." I hold her tight to me.

Jaylinn sighs in relief, "Merry Christmas."

I reach down and tip her chin up to look at me, her blue eyes burning into my soul. "I love you, Jay."

A huge goofy grin spreads across her beautiful, perfect face. "Best. Gift. Ever."

I cook Jaylinn and I breakfast before we head over to MacKenzie and Hunter's for Christmas dinner. After breakfast Jaylinn runs upstairs to freshen up while I finish wrapping my parent's gift. I get the last flap taped down when Jaylinn slips her arms around my waist.

"All ready to go."

I spin around and wrap my arms around her. "Alright, let me get these gifts and we'll head out." She kisses me before turning and putting her jacket on. I grab mine off the chair next to me and slide it on. I pile all the gifts in my arms and realize I can't lock up.

"Hey, can you reach in my pocket for the keys to lock up?"

"Sure."

Jaylinn retrieves the keys. We walk out to the truck but I sense that something with Jaylinn has suddenly changed. Maybe she's having second thoughts about the gift that I gave her since she keeps looking at it. Jaylinn reaches around me to open the front door. I step out and wait for her to lock up. It's freezing and a fresh blanket of snow has fallen overnight.

I walk over to the truck and set the gifts on my snow covered hood and pick Jaylinn off the ground. Her arms and legs wrap around my body. "What's wrong, Twinkle Toes?"

She looks past me towards the street, "Can I sleep here tonight?"

I wonder why she's asking; I always want her here and I thought I'd made that pretty clear. "Of course you can. You can stay here whenever you want." I gently place a kiss on her lips.

"You really do love me, huh?"

I shrug, "I guess so, or maybe I just want someone around to keep the monsters away at night."

Jaylinn shoves my shoulder, "You know, for being the badass Cooper Cahill, you're kind of a geek."

I chuckle, "But you love me anyway."

She sighs, "But I love you anyway."

11

We're at my brother's and the family is all gathered around in the living room in front of the fire place. We just finished with dinner and all exchanged gifts.

Everyone decided on buying something for the twins instead of buying for Hailey and Mason. They loved the idea of that. Plus a little part of me knows that neither one really knows what to buy anyway.

Cooper and I were given a weekend away in the mountains from everybody. This is a perfect gift and Cooper promised to find time to fit it in before pre-season starts up. When we first opened the envelope, Cooper looked a little uncomfortable but I think it's because he knows everyone treats us like a couple even though we aren't. I couldn't help but squeal like a little girl when I saw what it was.

Jackson, Chloe and Alex got a trip to Disney World. Alex is running around the house calling out for Mickey Mouse every five minutes. It's too cute.

Cooper's mom and my mom were each given a day at the spa and Cooper's dad got a round of golf at his favorite course.

And last but not least, Hunter, Ryder and MacKenzie were also given a trip to Disney World as well. Hunter and Jackson are already planning the trip for later this summer. Both Ryder and Alex are going to have a blast and I can't wait to see the million pictures of them capturing precious memories.

Hunter takes a seat next to MacKenzie on the couch.

"You ok?" Hunter asks as she tries to get comfortable.

"Yeah, Princess here is just causing me some little back contractions." Hunter starts to rub his hands up and down her back, trying to comfort her.

MacKenzie has been complaining about back pains a lot this past week. She isn't due for another three weeks but I have a sneaky suspicion that she's going to have the baby early. My big brother is such a good dad and a great role model too.

MacKenzie stands and paces the room.

I've been leaning up against the wall watching my best friend. When she walks past me I ask, "You ok?"

MacKenzie winces, "Yeah, sitting was becoming unbearable."

"Baby girl," Andrew, Cooper's dad says as he walks back in the room from the kitchen. "Everything ok?"

"Everything is great." MacKenzie answers and I can tell she is trying to keep her voice even. "I'm about to head upstairs to try and lay down flat for a few minutes."

"Ok." Andrew and I both say in unison.

MacKenzie makes it a few steps away when I look over to Andrew and he cocks an eyebrow and nods his head in his daughter's direction.

I nod back my understanding. I follow MacKenzie just to make sure she's ok.

MacKenzie makes it about three steps up and suddenly she stops mid-step. I hear her yelp and then she quickly looks down to the puddle at her feet.

"Hunter!" MacKenzie and I yell at the same time. I don't have a f**king clue what that is but it can't be good.

Thankfully, my brother is there in a flash. "Oh shit."

Mason comes up behind Hunter and curses under his breath. "Is that what's going to happen to Hailey?" he asks with horror on his face.

"Mason, if you don't shut up I'm going to make you come into the delivery room with me and I promise you, you don't want that." MacKenzie says through gritted teeth.

Mason blanches and walks away, clearly not wanting that at all.

In the next few minutes everything happens so fast. Hunter has called the doctor and they are on their way out of the door to the hospital.

MacKenzie yells over my shoulder to everyone, "Merry Christmas, I love you!"

Everyone yells back, "Merry Christmas."

"I'll call as soon as we know something." Hunter says as he shuts the door and follows after his wife.

I go back into the living room and plop down next to Cooper. "I know what's about to happen is a miracle, but damn that was gross." Cooper says with a grimace and a shiver.

I giggle, "It's beautiful. You're about to become an uncle again."

Cooper looks a little in awe, "Yeah I am." He wraps an arm around my shoulder and pulls me closer.

"Let's go help get everything cleaned up and put the house somewhat back together."

The next hour, all of us except Hailey, who's napping in the recliner, are bustling around cleaning up so that when they get released from the hospital they don't have to worry about it.

"So are you and Cooper keeping Ryder?" My mom asks me.

I wrap my arms around my mom, "Yup, I told Hunter that Cooper and I would stay here when MacKenzie was set to deliver." I giggle. "Cooper is more excited about that than anything."

Mom sighs, "I'm happy that you're so close, Jay. For a while I thought you and Cooper were going to dance around your feelings forever."

Her words take me by surprise. Did everyone else know that Cooper and I had feelings for each other for the longest time and no one said anything to us about it?

"Mom," I hug her a little tighter. "You realize that Cooper and I are just friends right? Yeah, we have feelings for each other but nothing will come of it."

Saying those words out loud hurt deeply but I need her to understand just like I need to understand myself.

Someone clears their throat behind us. We both turn and see Cooper standing in the doorway of the kitchen with his arms crossed.

"Since we're staying here I'm going to go run back to the house and grab a few things. Do you need or want me to stop by your house and grab anything?"

I purse my lips together. From the tone of his voice I know he's overheard our conversation but I wasn't going to lie to my mom. It's Cooper's fault that we aren't together anyway and he has no right to be angry about what he just overheard.

"Nope," I stand there with my head held high.

Cooper reaches up and scratches the back of his head. "Alright then, I'll be back shortly."

I nod once and turn my attention back to my mom.

Mom has this knowing look on her face. "That was a little intense."

I huff, "You can say that again."

She grabs my hand and leads me towards to the coffee pot. "Why don't we grab some coffee and sit and talk?"

We take a seat in the playroom with Ryder while Mason, Hailey, Elle and Andrew are watching A Christmas Story. I give her a clear rundown of what's been going on with Cooper and me. I explain that, yes, we do having feelings for each other but he doesn't seem to want to take the next step with me. I think I have a pretty good idea why but I can't tell my mom that. I can't explain to her what I went through and how I feel like that's the thing holding Cooper back. That's something in my past and I'm leaving it there, at least for now.

"So have you and Cooper slept together?" Mom asks me. It shocks me a bit that she just came out and asked me that, but we have a very open relationship so I answer honestly.

"No we haven't but it's not for my lack of trying." My cheeks flush that I've mentioned that last part to my mom but I'm twenty she can't expect me to be a virgin my whole life.

Mom chuckles, "Don't rush, sweet girl. When it's the right time it'll happen and it'll be with the right person."

I sigh, "I know, Mom." I look over to Ryder who has a block in his mouth. "I told him I loved him today."

Mom's eyes go wide in surprise, "And how did that go?"

I take a sip of my coffee, "Surprisingly well." I laugh. "He didn't say it back right away and I was afraid I'd put my foot in my mouth but he just wanted to say it back on his own terms."

Mom pats my leg, "He's in love with you, Jay. Sometimes men don't see what's right in front of their face until it's too late." She takes a deep breath. "Just make sure you're a hundred percent sure that your decision is just that. Yours. You don't want to live with regret for the rest of your life like your dear mom."

I give her a sad smile. "I'm sorry, Mom."

She gives me that pointed stare, "Don't pity me. Yes, I live with some regrets but you know what?"

I shake my head.

"You and your brother make up for all the regret." A single tear slips down her cheek.

I turn my head so she doesn't see my own tears fall. She didn't deserve the shit that my dad put her through. Every woman deserves to be treasured but he treated her like a piece of shit.

When I'm finally able to dry my tears I slip onto the floor and play with Ryder. He's such a good baby. I know it's way past his bedtime but I was trying to keep him awake in case we needed to run out to the hospital.

Ryder yawns and rubs his eyes. I stand up and pick him up off the floor. "I'm going to go get him ready for bed." I tell my mom.

She stands and gives her grandson a kiss on the cheek. "Night, Ry."

I take Ryder into his room and get him changed into his jammies then take a seat in the rocker and rock him to sleep. It doesn't take but a few minutes until he's sound asleep.

Mason taps on the door. "Hey, we're going to get out of here. I need to get Hailey to bed."

I place Ryder in his crib and cover him up before I walk to the door and slip out. "Still no word from Hunter?" I ask Mason as we head back downstairs.

He shakes his head, "No, nothing yet."

Hailey is standing near the front door with her coat on and Elle's arms wrapped around her.

"Tired?" I ask Hailey.

Her lips pull up in a small smile, "Yeah. I feel like all I do these days is sleep."

I shrug and wrap my arms around my best friend when Elle steps back. "You're pregnant with double trouble in there; of course you're going to be tired."

Hailey sniffs, "I was supposed to go with Kenzie when she had the baby."

I rub her back as she clings to me, "Aw, Hailey."

I look over towards Mason who's shaking his head back and forth. Hailey sniffs again before releasing me.

"Sorry." She wipes at her face.

"Come on boo, let's get you home."

Hailey nods and lets Mason guide her to the car. I step out on to the porch and wave as they pull away, waiting until Mason beeps the horn before turning and going back inside.

Elle is in the kitchen talking with Andrew, she turns to look at me when I walk in. "We're going to head over to the hospital. We'll keep you updated with what's going on. Hunter said it was going to be a while though."

I smile, "Sounds good. Ryder's asleep so I'm going to try and catch a little sleep too."

I walk them out and lock up. Cooper comes from the living room and leans against the wall. "Tired?"

"Yeah,"

Cooper nods his head towards the stairs and I lead the way up to the guest room. Cooper takes his hoodie off and tosses it on the floor. Next he takes his t-shirt off and tosses it to me. "You can sleep in that if you want."

I put it on the bed and remove my shirt and slip his shirt on. I inhale deeply, the crisp clean smell of Cooper relaxing me. I take off my jeans and climb into bed where Cooper is already laying down.

I lie facing him and he reaches over and rubs his thumb over my cheek. We lay there staring into each other's eyes for a long time before my eyes grow heavy.

I yawn. "Merry Christmas, Coop." I whisper.

"Merry Christmas, Jay." He leans over and places a kiss on my forehead. "I love you."

I don't say it back and I'm not quite sure why. I think deep down inside I know that something is about to happen between us. I feel it in the pit of my stomach.

We may have moved one foot forward tonight with the trust ring and confessing our love to each other but we also just took two huge steps back it feels. All I can do at this point is hold on for this bumpy ride we're about to take.

12

I'm a little disoriented when I wake up to the sound of my phone ringing. I breathe a sigh of relief when I look over and see that Jaylinn is still asleep next me. I look around for my phone and spot it on the floor next to my discarded jeans.

"Hello," my voice cracks.

"Hey bro, Kenz had the little princess sometime in the middle of the night." Mason says, sounding exhausted.

I rub the sleep from my eyes and sit up in bed. I take a second and listen to hear if Ryder is awake then take the phone away from my ear to see that it's just after eight.

I yawn, "They're both ok?"

Mason yawns too, "Yup, just wanted to let you know. I'm going to try and get some sleep now." Mason yawns again. "Hailey's been up half the night. Her feet are swollen and it's going up her legs now too."

I run a hand through my hair. "Is she going to be alright?"

Mason grunts, "Yeah I guess. I'm taking her into the doctor's tomorrow to have her checked out. She keeps trying to act like it's not a big deal but I don't give a shit, she's going."

"I hear ya. Well when Ryder and Jaylinn get up we'll head up to the hospital. Maybe we'll see you up there?"

"Yeah, maybe."

"Alright, later."

I look over at Jaylinn who's now awake and looking over at me. I lie back down in bed and pull her close. She snuggles up against me and throws a leg over one of mine.

"Kenz had the baby in the middle of the night. Want to head over to the hospital when Ryder gets up?"

Jaylinn nods her head and starts drawing circles on my bare stomach. We lie there just holding each other in comfortable silence. I thought Jaylinn had fallen back to sleep but then she sighs.

I slide my hand around her neck and pull her face to mine, "We're okay." I kiss her forehead. "I heard what you said to your mom and yeah it kinda felt like a kick in the gut but I realize it's my fault."

Jaylinn sighs deeply and confirms that she needed to hear that we're still ok. "One step at a time." Jaylinn lays her head back down on my chest.

She lifts her head and looks at me again. "I love you, Cooper."

"I love you too. You'll forever be my always Jay, don't ever doubt that, ok?"

Jaylinn smiles. I kiss her forehead and tuck her head back down on my chest, hoping she knows I'm serious by the erratic beat of my heart.

A few minutes later Ryder starts crying for his dad. Jaylinn gets up to use the bathroom while I go and get him from his crib.

I push open the door and my nephew is standing up in his crib. I walk over to him and when he sees me he instantly calms down.

"Hey big guy." I take him out of the crib and lay him down on his changing table. I go about changing his diaper and his clothes. Jaylinn walks in and snakes her arms around my stomach and lays her head on my back.

"You want to head over to the hospital now?" I ask her.

Ryder starts babbling "Dada."

Jaylinn steps to the side of me and tussles Ryder's hair. "Yes, we are going to see dada."

An hour later, after both Jaylinn and I have showered, we head over to the hospital. We sign in and stop at the gift shop and get flowers and a teddy bear.

We knock before walking in MacKenzie's room.

"Come in." MacKenzie calls out.

We push the door open and Ryder yells, "Dada," then throws his hands out for Hunter. He's such a daddy's boy.

I set Ryder down and he totters to Hunter who is holding his new bundle of joy. "Hey Ry," Hunter greets his son.

Hunter holds the baby out to me so that he can pick up Ryder. I cradle her to my chest and Jaylinn stands in front of me on her tiptoes so she can get a good look.

"Olivia Grace, meet your Aunt Jaylinn and Uncle Cooper." MacKenzie says from her hospital bed, looking just as beautiful as always.

"Oh my God, Cooper, look at her." Jaylinn croons.

I smile, looking down at her. "She's perfect just like her mom."

Olivia is the tiniest little thing I've ever seen, much smaller then I remember Ryder being. She's wrapped tightly in a white, blue and pink blanket with a matching hat with a bow on the front.

Jaylinn walks over and gives MacKenzie a hug and a kiss. "She's gorgeous Kenzie."

"Thanks." MacKenzie says with a yawn. "Sorry, I've barely slept."

"How much does the little princess weigh?" Jaylinn asks.

MacKenzie looks over to me holding Olivia. "She's six pounds four ounces, and eighteen and a half inches long."

Jaylinn walks back over and takes the baby from me while I go and hug my sister. "Congrats Kenz, she's beautiful." MacKenzie holds me to her a bit before letting go. "How are you feeling?"

She rubs a hand over her still protruding stomach, "A little sore from the surgery but they just gave me some pain medicine so I'll be better soon." She looks over to Hunter who is holding Ryder and showing him the view out the window.

"You ready for the craziness?" I ask, nodding in their direction.

"Oh yeah, Ryder's going to be a good big brother just like my brothers were." MacKenzie winks at me.

Jaylinn brings Olivia over to MacKenzie then wraps her arms around me. "We'll head downstairs and grab some lunch or something and give you guys a little bit of family time."

MacKenzie looks over to Ryder and Hunter. Hunter is pointing to the baby, "That's your little sister, big guy."

Jaylinn and I excuse ourselves and go find the cafeteria. Since our little talk this morning things seem to be a bit better between us.

"So, are we still going out for New Year's?" Jaylinn questions me.

"Yeah, you still want to?"

"Of course, just wanted to make sure you did since Kenzie had the baby and all."

I shrug, "Yeah, it'll be fine. Mom and Dad will take Ryder for the night if they need help."

We sit and talk about Jaylinn's upcoming class schedule and the spring soccer camp that she volunteers for. About a half hour or so has passed and we decide it's time to go get Ryder and let his parents get some rest.

Before we know it, it's New Year's Eve and Jaylinn and I are getting ready for our night out with Jackson and Chloe. MacKenzie is home from the hospital now and is doing well. We all agreed that we would meet at their house later tonight seeing as Olivia is too little to take out. Mason was entirely against the idea of leaving his house since the doctor put Hailey on bed rest for the remainder of her pregnancy, but she wasn't having it. Mason lost that battle after Hailey called the doctor and put Mason on the phone and they assured him that as long as she kept her feet up and was relaxed, she would be fine.

Jackson and Chloe are all meeting here at my place and heading over to Oceans for a few hours. I've already showered and pre-gaming downstairs while Jaylinn is still upstairs getting ready. When I was in the shower earlier Jaylinn snuck in and placed a red tie around the hanger that held my black button down and blue jeans. I took the hint that she wanted me to wear it.

There is a knock on the door, I tip my head back and take my shot before going over and letting Chloe and Jackson in.

Chloe is standing there looking hot in her silver little dress and stilettos. Her hair is up and her make-up is heavy.

"Let me in, jackass," Chloe says, pushing me out of the way. "It's f**king freezing."

Jackson follows behind her, watching her walk. "You know, I told her that if she wore some damn clothes that wouldn't be an issue. Does it look like she listened to me?"

Chloe turns and narrows her eyes at Jackson. "It wasn't an issue when you were trying to cop a feel was it?"

Jackson chuckles, "Well no..."

I shake my head and go back into the kitchen. I pour myself another shot and hold an empty glass up towards Chloe and Jackson. Both nod so I grab two more shot glasses and pour theirs. I hand each one of them their drinks, "To a better year than the last one."

The three of us empty our shots and place them down on the counter. I turn to head towards the stairs to ask Jaylinn if she's ready but she's standing right behind me with her hands on her hips.

She looks absolutely stunning. She's wearing a tight red dress with black floral lace over top that stops mid-thigh, with matching stilettos. The dress just covers her tits with the red but the black lace goes up and around her neck, leaving her shoulders and back exposed. Her hair is up in a mess of curls and the side bangs she always wears, because she claims her forehead is too big, are pushed off to the side revealing more of her face than normal. Her make-up is dark with just a touch of red and bright red lipstick that I can't wait to take off her.

Jackson whistles and Chloe says, "Damn girl."

Jaylinn blushes but turns so that we can see the back of the dress. My dick is straining against my jeans and I shift slightly so it's not noticeable. She's f**king gorgeous. When she turns back around I reach out a hand and pull her to me.

"You about ready?" She asks.

I place a kiss on her shoulder and whisper in her ear, "I'm about to drag your ass upstairs and say the hell with tonight."

And I mean it. In all the years I've known Jaylinn I've never seen her dressed the way she is right now. Even though I'm scared as hell to f**k our arrangement up, I'd be willing to with the way she looks tonight.

Jaylinn lets out a small gasp and tries to cover it up by clearing her throat. She tries to take a step away but I hold her back, making sure she knows I'm serious, and as unnoticeably as possible grind my dick against her hip.

Jaylinn clears her throat again. I look up to see Jackson giving me that 'I know exactly what you're up to' look and Chloe blushing fifty shades till Sunday. Jaylinn giggles, "So are we ready to get out of here?"

"Yeah, let's go before you get pregnant before losing your virginity." Chloe says with a laugh, as does Jackson and Jaylinn.

When we pull up to the club it's packed. It's really no surprise since this is a new club and really the only one in this town on a major party night. The four of us walk in and make a beeline for the bar before looking around for an empty table. It takes us a little while but eventually we find one that's in the back which suits me just fine. It's not the greatest table to see the stage but it's out of the way from all the traffic to the bar and dance floor.

Chloe asks Jaylinn if she wants to go dance but Jackson puts a stop to that. "You two aren't going anywhere dressed like that without us."

Jaylinn raises her eyebrows at me daring me to tell her she can't go. I sit back with a smirk on my face. I don't have to tell her she can't go because Jackson isn't going to let her out of his sight if his wife is on the dance floor with her.

I take a sip of my beer, watching Jackson grab Chloe's and Jaylinn's hand. Jaylinn turns to me and glares. I smile in my victory and tip my beer to her.

I watch as Chloe and Jaylinn make a sexy steamy sandwich out of Jackson and he's eating up every minute of it. A few guys have tried to take the girls away but Jackson put a stop to that real quick. As I sit here at our table I keep catching a blonde watching me from across the way. I try not to pay too much attention to her as I don't want to give her the wrong impression but I hate the feeling that someone is watching you. I finish off my beer and place it back on the table. I look over to Jaylinn, and Jackson has a hold of her hand as she spins her phenomenal body around him and Chloe who are grinding up against each other.

I go to get up because I can't stand seeing Jaylinn's body rubbing up against anyone else's any longer. The blonde across the way has moved from her side of the room and it takes me a second to find her. Some guy has blocked her path. I make my way to the dance floor as the coast is clear but not before turning one more time. There is something familiar about this girl. That's when it feels like someone sucker punched me in the gut.

It's Brittany.

She looks different though, her long blonde hair is now cut super short and she's not wearing some trashy outfit like she used to.

I quickly divert my attention away from the train wreck that I'm sure is about to occur. I reach the dance floor and grab a hold of Jaylinn and turn our backs in Brittany's direction. There are so many people down here I'm sure she won't be able to find us.

Jaylinn's back is to my front and she shakes her ass against me. I grab a hold of her h*ps hard, "You're not playing nice tonight, are you?" I speak into her ear so she can hear me over the music.

Instead of answering me, Jaylinn reaches behind me and pulls me closer to her. We dance like this for a few minutes and the whole time I'm looking around making sure I don't spot Brittany. I really don't want to ruin the mood for the night but I need to get Jaylinn out of here without her seeing her half-sister.

I turn Jaylinn around and her eyes are dark and hooded. She's turned on and I groan internally. She drapes her arms around my neck, swaying back and forth and causing friction between us. Fuck.

She pulls my head down to her level of reach and bites me on the neck. I squeeze her h*ps and pull her body closer to mine. She continues to bite all the way up my neck to my ear lobe. I'm panting and there is a tingle low in my stomach. The girl hasn't even touched me and I'm about ready to explode.

"Take me home, Cooper." She bites my ear lobe again and that's all it takes. I'll do anything she wants me to right now. Well, almost anything.

I reach up and grab her hands from around my neck. "Let's get out of here."

Shit. I forgot about our problem. I scan the area quickly before going over to Jackson and letting him know we are getting a taxi home.

"You aren't going to Kenz's?" He asks.

I look back to Jaylinn and shake my head. "Jaylinn's got a headache."

Chloe smiles and shakes her head.

"I'm sure her head is killing her." Jackson says with a grin.

He thinks I'm going home to finally have sex with Jaylinn but they couldn't be more wrong. She's going to remember this night for the rest of her life but I'm not sleeping with her. She's had a few too many drinks and I'm wound too tight for any of that tonight but she'll be screaming my name over and over, that's for sure.

The girls hug and I shake Jackson's hand before I lead Jaylinn off the dance floor and out of the club before her half-sister can set her claws into our perfect night.

13

Cooper hails us a taxi and before the seats even have a chance to warm up we are on each other. Cooper pulls me on his lap so that I'm straddling him. I place my hands on each side of his face and kiss him like my life depends on it.

The alcohol is coursing through our bodies but maybe this is what I need to finally get him to make love to me. It's all or nothing tonight. It's a new year with new changes. Cooper is either going to hit a grand slam or he's striking out tonight.

I break the kiss, "I..." I reach down and start to unbutton his shirt. "We need to get home quickly."

Cooper chuckles and grabs my wrist, stopping me. "We've got all night, Twinkle Toes," He gives me a devilish smile, "and all day tomorrow."

I kiss him desperately again. Cooper runs his hands up my thighs and grazes my panties. "Damn," Cooper breathes heavily, "you're already wet. I can feel it through your panties."

I run my hands through his hair and pull on it. I bring his head closer to me and moan seductively. Cooper grips my h*ps and grinds me against his body.

The cab driver clears his throat. "No sex in here..."

I freeze. Shit, I forgot where we were for a second. Cooper chuckles and removes me from his lap. I look up and notice that we've pulled up in front of the house. Cooper slides out and extends a hand out for me. He pays the cab fare and then picks me up and throws me over his shoulder.

Cooper's phone starts ringing. I smack him on his ass. "Put me down."

"Nope." He opens the front door and we step into the house.

Cooper's phone rings again.

"You better answer that." I say playfully. "It's probably your other girlfriend looking for you."

He slips my heels off one by one and leaves them by the front door before heading into the kitchen. He places me down on the counter and fishes his phone out of pocket.

"Hello?"

Cooper tucks a piece of my hair that has escaped from my up-do behind my ear and runs his finger over my cheek and down my neck, causing a trail of goose bumps to appear in his wake.

He chuckles, "What? She had a headache and wanted to go to bed."

I raise my eyebrows at him.

He takes the phone away from his ear and puts it on speaker phone.

"I mean it, ass**le. Give her some aspirin and put her to bed. And when I say to bed I mean alone."

Ah, big protective brother is always looking out for my virtue, such a big brotherly act.

I moan, kind of quietly but loud enough for Hunter to hear.

"Cooper!" He bellows.

Cooper and I chuckle. It's so easy now that the tables are turned.

"Relax, we're in the kitchen." I giggle.

"Oh that's not much better considering the story you told me about Hailey and Mason." I can imagine him rolling his eyes right about now. "Let's leave the running of the bases to the field, alright?"

"Yes Dad." I answer.

I hear the baby crying in the background. "Don't you have a baby to feed or something? A shitty diaper to change?" I ask.

"Look, Jay---"

Cooper cuts Hunter off from lecturing me. "Go take care of your family, Hunter. I'll take care of mine."

Cooper's admission that I'm his family grabs at my heart. He's never actually said something like that that I know of. I'm a little in shock and my eyes are wide in surprise but Cooper doesn't say anything more about it. He just hangs up the phone before Hunter can respond.

Cooper pushes the phone aside and then takes me by surprise when he roughly spreads my legs apart and steps between them. He tips my head back and devours my mouth. His tongue makes slow, sweet love to mine. A tingling sensation starts from the tips of my toes to the top of my head.

Reluctantly we part a few inches apart both gasping for air. His kiss has left a burning fire in my mouth.

"Cooper," I say, breathlessly moaning out his name. The sound hits him and I see that immediately.

I've never seen Cooper's eyes this shade of blue, they're almost black and it nearly did me in just by the color to know what he's feeling. His eyes flick between mine and my lips. I stick my tongue out to wet my lips. Cooper growls, literally growls, and pulls me to the end of the counter.

"I want you in the worst f**king way, Jay..." he growls again, this time against my skin and it sends a tingle through my entire body. "I want to taste every single inch of you." His teeth nip lightly at my neck, giving me a sample of what he wants, maybe even needs at this point. "I want the scent of your body all over me, on my bed...and the feel of your bare skin pressed against mine."

If I wasn't wet before I'm soaking just from his words. Cooper and I rarely talk when we're messing around, mostly because our mouths are busy and there doesn't seem to be a need for words, but tonight it's different. He's different. I'm different. We're different.

He gathers the bottom of my dress in his hands. I shift from side to side as he pushes it up around my hips. He grabs my ass and lifts me from the counter. "Jesus...I love your ass."

I wrap my legs and arms around Cooper as he carries me to the bedroom; all the while he keeps kneading my ass. When we reach the room I slowly unwrap my legs from around him and slide down his body. With my feet on the floor I slide my hands down over his shoulders to his chest and give him a little shove. He lands on the bed and braces himself up on his elbows.

I kneel between Cooper's knees and reach for the button on his jeans. "I want these off." My voice is breathy.

I unzip his jeans and open them so he can lift his hips. I pull them down to his ankles and make quick work of untying his shoes and throwing them over my shoulder. I remove his jeans the rest of the way with lightning speed. Cooper's erection is free and he's already hard. I lick my lips at the sight of it.

Slowly, I run my hands up his muscular thighs and grip him in my right hand. He sucks a breath in through his teeth, his jaw is clenched and his eyes are a midnight shade. I move my hand up and down then slowly lean forward and lick the tip with my tongue. Being slightly intoxicated is making me a little brave. It's exactly what I need.

I've never actually given Cooper a b**w j*b before. We've messed around plenty but this is a first for me and I want that with him.

"Fuck Jay. What are..." his voice falls away, unable to get the words out when he sees my mouth on him.

He tries to sit up but I use my left hand and push firmly on his stomach. He sighs but stays where he is.

"Let me, Coop." I plead. "I know I've never done this before but I want this with you. Now."

Cooper nods his head as if he wants this as much as I do. I stroke from base to tip a few times and watch as his thighs tense. I lean forward again, taking the tip of him into my mouth and swirling my tongue around it.

He moans and that gives me the courage I need to keep going. I can do this.

With him in my mouth I remember Hailey telling to make eye contact every once in a while. It was weird as hell asking her for advice but it was either her or MacKenzie and I really didn't want to hear what gets my brother off. That's just gross.

But I do as she said and lift my eyes to his, seeing his reaction.

"Suck a little harder." Cooper says as he reaches forward to guide my head. "Fuck...yeah, like that."

Cooper gets a little too excited and thrusts into my mouth a little too far and it makes me gag. I don't stop but I push back a little on the hand that's still holding my head and he doesn't resist.

"So f**king good," his breathing picks up and every once in a while he moans in a breathless voice. "Damn..."

I finally find a rhythm that he seems to like and I'm comfortable with. I've got one hand holding the base and I'm stroking him as I move my head up and down. I look back up to Cooper and within seconds he has me pinned under him on the bed.

"I don't want to come in your mouth." Cooper says with a shaky breath. He reaches down for my left thigh and puts it up on his hip as he grinds against me. This is the closest that Cooper's dick has ever been to where I want him, need him.

I suck in a sharp breath at the sensation. I reach up and run my hands through his hair.

Cooper kisses my lips, my cheek, down to my jaw, before gently biting on my earlobe. "I love you." He whispers, his breath hot against my ear.

He continues down my neck, biting and sucking along the way. My heart is hammering foolishly. Cooper reaches down and removes my dress the rest of the way before his lips touch my right nipple with a tantalizing possessiveness that he's never shown before.

Everything about tonight is different. I guess I've finally broken that wall with him and we can move forward instead of spinning our wheels and never getting anywhere.

After showing the same possessiveness to my left nipple, his tongue makes a path down my ribs to my stomach. He takes his time tracing the words of my tattoo with the tip of his tongue. He looks up with so much passion in his eyes that my stomach does a little flip.

"Inhale the future, exhale the past. You're living to those words every day." He kisses the words. "My brave, fearless girl," Cooper says, sliding my panties off. The thought of him kissing me lower sends a shiver through my body and his left hand moves to my stomach, holding me in place.

I close my eyes and take a deep breath as Cooper places an open mouthed kiss on my pu**y. I sigh loudly as he does it again and again. We've been around this block plenty of times and each and every time gets better.

His tongue works like magic as it always does with him. He knows the amount of pressure to apply and the right spot to send me into sweet agony as an orgasm rocks my body. I cry out from the release but Cooper doesn't stop, not even for a minute to let me catch my breath. He's living up to his promise that I would be screaming his name.

Finally having enough, I start to desperately pull him into me, needing him more than I ever have. "Please Coop," I beg as I take on his body weight.

Suddenly, just like that I feel the shift happening. Cooper freezes; his eyes close and his body tenses over mine. The moment of ecstasy passing quickly, I turn my head, not wanting him to see my now tear filled eyes.

"Look at me." Cooper's voice is husky and demanding, but still shaken from the moment. "I know things aren't going the way you want them to. I'm trying Jay, I'm f**king trying." His voice shakes slightly at his words. "I don't want to screw anything up with you. You've been through enough shit your entire life; sometimes I don't know how you do it."

I don't respond for a couple of moments, needing to find the perfect words. I reach up and cup his face in my hands. "I do it because I have you in my corner, Cooper." A damn tear slips from my eye. "I want this and need this with you. This is the only thing that's holding us back. We need this. Why can't you see that?"

"I can't lose you, Jay. I know this is what you think you want, or need, but what if it's not?" He pauses and then clears his throat, his eyes so sincere it's hard to look past them, but I need to. "What if this hurts you even more?"

"It's what I want." I try to convey myself through my words but they don't seem to give him the answer he needs to move forward. "I promise you that, Cooper."

"I can't." He rolls off me with a frustrated sigh.

The moment is completely gone and with it is my patience. I grab the sheets to cover my body as I sit up. When I look over at Cooper he's looking up to the ceiling, lost in thought. The tears come at full force because I'm pissed at him, at myself for setting myself up for this hurt again.

When he realizes I'm crying, Cooper rolls over and tries to console me but I want no part of it. My grip is slipping by the second. I climb out of bed and grab my clothes piece by piece with shaking hands.

"Why aren't I good enough for you to sleep with, Cooper?" I yell angrily, unable to look at him. "You used to screw anything that looked in your direction but not me. Why damn it?"

Cooper slowly sits up, his eyes holding anger through a strangled truth. "Jay," His voice cracks when he says my name, as if it pains him to say it. "You are good enough. Don't you get it?" He says furiously, watching my every reaction to his words. "You're too good for me! It's my f**king fault that any of this happened to you in the first place. I should have never brought you to the damn party."

"And I've told you hundred times that it's not your God damn fault." I seethe with anger and humiliation, unwilling to let this go. "Did you know what that ass**le was going to do to me?"

"No---"

"Exactly, so get the f**k over it." I'm so pissed I can barely get the words out over my shaking. "Move on like I'm trying to do!"

Cooper just sits there. He doesn't say anything but I can tell by the look on his face that he has more than this to say, yet for some reason he feels a need to hold back.

How dare he? Now isn't the time.

Damn him.

So I go for what I know will make him see, make him understand what he's done.

"Babe Ruth was right you know," I stare into his blue eyes, wanting my words to pack a punch. "Never let the fear of striking out keep you from playing the game," I shake my head. "It looks like you struck out, Coop."

I leave the room before he has a chance to say anything.

14

I wait a little while before going after her, hoping that with some time she's cooled off and we can talk about this. Maybe I can make her see my side and understand where I'm coming from. Not likely, but it's worth a try.

Heading downstairs to look for her I notice the shoes that I left by the door are missing and her keys aren't in the bowl near the front door either.

Fuck!

She's left. She shouldn't be driving this late at night and not right after our fight. I lean against the wall and slide down. I hang my head, "I really f**ked up with her this time." I mumble to no one.

Reaching into my jeans pocket, I pull my cell phone out. I send a text to Mason.

Me 10:12pm: How are things going over there?

A few minutes go by and no reply. The worst case scenario could be that Jaylinn ran over there and now a shit storm is brewing. She's not really the type of person to do something like that but we didn't exactly leave things in a good way so I'm not sure how she'd have reacted.

Why didn't I stop her?

Why do I feel this like someone has punched me in the stomach?

My phone finally dings with a new message.

Mason 10:28pm: Everything is good. How's Jay feeling?

So she didn't run over there then. Where the hell did she go?

I stand, throw on my shoes, grab my keys and wallet and set out to find her. We have to talk about this. I have to make it right. I shouldn't be driving but I'm desperate to find her.

The first place I go is to her mom's. If she didn't go to MacKenzie's then she had to have gone home.

Twenty minutes later I pull up in from of her mom's and Jaylinn's car isn't here.

Think Cooper, where else would she have gone?

I know she's friends with a few girls from soccer but I don't know where they live.

Would she have gone there?

Not really having any ideas I decide to stop at Mason's. She isn't here. My last thought could be Jackson's house. Pulling down the street I can see that she hasn't gone there either.

I try and text her to see if she'll answer.

Me 11:22pm: We need to talk. Where are you?

Ten minutes go by and no response. I decide to head back home, hoping and praying that she's there.

I pull into the driveway of my house next to the empty spot where Jaylinn's car should be. I shut off the truck and rest my forehead against the steering wheel. Fear and anger knot up inside me as my hands start to shake.

My phone dings. I reach down on the seat next to me. Hunter's name comes up and I cringe. I slide my finger across the screen and tap on the message.

Hunter 11:35pm: What's going on with my sister?

I bang my fist against the steering wheel and toss my phone on the passenger seat. I don't know what the f**k to write back. I need a drink. I need something to help me cope with this f**ked up situation.

I reach for my phone and head inside. Kicking off my shoes, I stagger into the kitchen and go right for the only other thing that will calm this ache in my chest, my tequila. I forgo getting a shot glass and take a swig right from the bottle. I don't even have the energy to move so I sit on the floor and lean my back up against the cabinet.

I'm a f**king idiot. A complete f**king idiot. I take another swig and try texting Jaylinn again.

Me 11:48pm: Jay we have to talk. Come home. Please.

I sit and wait with no reply. A quarter of the tequila is gone and my body starts to warm and the numbing starts to take over. Outside I hear people yelling and screaming; fireworks are going off somewhere close by. I lean my head back against the cabinet with a thud.

"Happy Fucking New Year, Jay. Wherever you are."

My body is aching and my head is pounding. What the hell happened? I slowly open my eyes. Groaning, I roll onto my back. The moving causes my stomach to turn and roll. I'm going to be sick. I turn my head to the side and I see an empty bottle with a gold label and the realization hits that I drank a whole bottle of Jose Cuervo. I close my eyes and take a couple of deep breaths to try and calm my protesting stomach.

The shrill ring of my house phone startles me and does me in. I crawl to the trash can, barely making it before throwing up the contents of my stomach. When I'm satisfied there's nothing left I lay back down on the kitchen floor and let the cold tiles cool my heated face.

Why did I drink the entire bottle?

Then last night starts to replay in my head. Jaylinn and I dancing at the bar, making out in the car ride home, the amazing f**king blow job, the sweet taste of her pu**y and then me f**king it all up.

I try to sit up but it feels like someone is banging on my head with a hammer. I look around for my phone, hoping that Jaylinn has texted me back.

It's across the kitchen floor in pieces. Well, f**k.

The doorbell rings. I cover my ears with my hands and cringe. Shit! I'm never drinking this much ever again.

The front door beeps as someone comes into my house.

"Cooper?" Mason yells.

I squeeze my eyes shut tightly and add more pressure against my ears, trying to make the sound go away.

"Coop?" Mason yells again, this time closer.

I slowly open my eyes and let the room come into focus. Mason is standing directly in front of me.

My head is pounding and I'm not happy he's even here right now. "If you had a damn key did you really need to ring the doorbell, ass**le?"

I remove my hands from my ears and run them through my hair. It's wet. I grimace at the thought of what it could be. My kitchen is a damn disaster. I notice that the tequila bottle is accompanied by five or six beer bottles that are strewn across the floor, along with the pieces of my cell phone and a chair with a broken leg. The whole place is trashed.

"Well that explains why you didn't answer my texts and calls." Mason says as he picks up my shattered iPhone.

I grunt.

"What the f**k happened?" Mason questions me.

I roll my eyes and it causes me to wince. "What does it look like?"

Mason crosses his arms. "It looks like you had a party for one."

I huff, "What do you want?"

I'm not in the mood to ride the Mason train today.

He kicks a beer bottle out of his way. "Where's Jay?"

I hang my head. I knew that's what he was going to ask. "I don't know. We got into a fight and she left."

Mason nods his head. He reaches a hand out to me and helps me off the floor. "What was the fight about?"

I dust my pants off, needing something to do with my hands. "Nothing I can't handle, Mase."

"I didn't ask if you could handle it bro. I asked what it was about. You two have been pu**y footing around your feelings for years now. I thought you would have gotten your head out of your ass by now." Mason doesn't hold back.

"Mase..." I start. I need to unload on someone but I made that damn promise and I can't go back on it. "I'll handle it ok, besides, for the hundredth time there isn't anything going on between me and Jay."

He laughs, "When are you going to stop lying to yourself? Didn't you learn anything from me?"

I narrow my eyes.

"I'm serious. Everybody knows you guys having feelings for each other. What we don't understand is why you're both hiding it." Mason shakes his head. "Our last semester of college you and Jay were never apart unless we had an away game and should couldn't come. Then you were texting her or on the phone with her all the f**king time."

I rub my chest, trying to ease the pain of my heart f**king crushing. "Just leave it alone, Mase."

Mason huffs, "I'm not letting you f**k this up. That girl owns you man and you know it whether you want to admit it or not."

My shoulders slump in defeat knowing he's right. "She does, Mase. She f**king does."

Mason pats me on the back a little harder the necessary. "Then fix this shit, get your head out of your damn ass and go claim your girl before it's too late."

I cross my arms against my chest because I kinda know I've already lost her. "I think it's already too late."

Mason smirks, "You're a Cahill, it's never too late."

After Mason left I made myself a piece of toast and took some pain reliever. I finished off three bottles of water, cleaned up the kitchen and took a shower. I'm lying downstairs on the couch instead of my bed because I can't stand to be in there with Jaylinn's scent still hanging onto my blankets and pillows. I flip through the channels looking for the New York Giants game but the front door beeps. I sit up and look over the back of the couch to see who it is.

Jaylinn walks in and stops when she sees me. Her beautiful hair is up in a messy bun thing, she has on a bright pink hoodie, those damn tight ass, black pants that I love on her and her pink Nike's that match her hoodie.

She looks down to the keys in her hands. She slides a key, the house key, off her key ring and holds it up. "Just wanted to drop this off and grab my things. I'll be out in five minutes."

"Jay..." I quickly stand and walk over to her, pleading with her to listen to me. "We have to talk."

She shakes her head, "There isn't anything to talk about, Cooper. This is it for me." She reaches up and wipes a tear away. "I can't do this with you anymore."

I grab her chin and tilt her head her up so I can see her swollen red eyes. "You just need to hear me out okay? Give me the chance to make you understand it from my eyes."

She turns her head looking towards the kitchen. "I'm done, Cooper."

"No," I shake my head, "you're not done."

"Don't tell me what I am or aren't." She pushes me back, her eyes flaring with anger and resentment. "Explain to me what the hell has been going on between us for the past year," She puts her hands on her hips, her eyes so cold and harsh that I almost can't look at them. "Do I mean anything at all to you?" Her face turns slightly red from her anger.

I've got to get her to calm down or she isn't going to listen to anything I have to say. I step into the kitchen and pull out a bottle of water and hand it to her. I just need her to relax for a minute before I try to explain myself.

Jaylinn glares at me but takes the water anyway. She takes a sip then places it on the counter.

I tentatively take a step towards her and watch her reaction. Her body tenses but she doesn't make any other move.

I reach for her right hand, the one that my ring is on. Her hand shakes in mine. "Do you know why I bought you this ring?"

"Yes." She says as her voice cracks.

I shake my head. "No, I don't think you do." I bring her hand up and kiss the ring. She jerks her hand back when my lips touch her skin but I don't let go. "It's a trust ring. I bought it because I need you to know that you can always trust me. I'd never lie to you and you can trust me with anything." I take a deep breath. "It also means that I will always be there for you whenever you need me."

Jaylinn rolls her eyes, "Yeah, sure you are."

I place a finger over her lips. "Listen to me. I know what you want, Jay. You've made it crystal clear, but..." I take a second, waiting until she looks me in the eyes so she can see the things I can't express the right way, my emotions, my pain, my heartache. "I'm not ready for that. You know that I blame myself for what that ass**le almost did to you. If it had happened I would never have been able to get past it. I failed you that night." My voice breaks, right along with my heart. "I knew better than to leave you by yourself at that party but I was so wrapped up in trying to keep you out of my bed that I put you in harm's way."

"Coop---" I place my finger back over her mouth, not wanting to hear what she's going to say.

"I know what you're going to say. You spelled it out last night, Jay. You got over it and so should I. The thing about it though, I can't seem to. It's the reason why I call you my brave, fearless girl. Nothing happened to me and yet I'm the one who can't get over it." I blow out a frustrated sigh, hoping it will get easier but it doesn't, I still have to say this next part. "You want me to make love to you because you want to make new memories and wash the old ones away. But what if," I swallow hard shaking my head. "When it happens you can't handle it? What then?"

I step away from Jaylinn and run my hands through my hair, not understanding why she can't see my side of this.

"Goddamn it..." I feel like I can barely breathe, let alone understand what's happening. I walk over to the sink and look out over the back yard to watch the snow fall. After a few moments I turn to face her again and lay the truth out. "What if I can't handle it? I love you so damn much that it scares me, Jay. If my making love to you screws everything up for us then what? I'll lose you. Do you understand what that'll do to me?"

"The thing is..." Jaylinn stares at me with tears running down her face and it feels like acid on my skin to watch them fall. What she's about to say is written in her eyes and I swallow, attempting to prepare myself. When she does say it, nothing could have prepared me for that the hurt I feel. "You've already lost me, Cooper."

My eyebrows rise in surprise from the admission, but also from annoyance that she believes this. "I haven't."

She nods, "You have. You're stuck in the past." She hiccups through the tears. "The tattoo, Cooper, Inhale the future, exhale the past. It's the only way for me, and you're not seeing that. You are stuck in the past. Not me."

She's sobbing so hard that it's shaking her whole body and it's everything I can do not to wrap my arms around her, but I lose that battle with myself quickly. Not being able to take it for another second, I wrap my arms around her waist and tuck her head under my chin. My own eyes mist over knowing that she's right. She's always been right. I f**ked this up on my own.

We stand like this for what seems like forever but not nearly long enough. She's stopped crying now but hasn't let me go. Part of me never wants her to. The other part knows she will.

The ding of her phone causes her to jump. She uses her sleeve to wipe away her tears. Her mask has slipped back on and she's in defense mode. Jaylinn pulls her phone out of the pocket from her hoodie; she glances at it and then puts it back.

She clears her throat. "I'm just going to grab the few things I have here and then I'll be out of your way."

"Jay," I say with warning.

"Don't Cooper. Don't make this any worse than it is. It's over, it was fun while it lasted but it's time for the both of us to move on." She turns and walks down the hall.

A few minutes go by; my body is screaming at me to go after her and beg her to stay but my mind won't let me.

"Yo man, have you seen Jay?" I ask Eli who came to the party with us.

He shakes his head, "Last I saw she was sitting on the couch over there with Kevin."

My stomach drops. Kevin's the campus drug dealer. He used to be a tight end for the football team in our freshman year at college but was kicked off the team after drugs were found in his dorm. He's from New Jersey too, but he lived up north and actually went to high school with Eli in Hoboken. Eli said he used to be really popular until he started hanging out with the wrong crowd.

I drop my arm from around Courtney, the girl I was planning on taking home, and go to try and find Jaylinn. Fuck, I knew I shouldn't have brought her with me but I couldn't tell her no. All that girl has to do is bat her eye lashes and I cave.

I search the whole downstairs of the frat house for her and Kevin but they are nowhere to be seen. Panic starts to set in, chilling me to the bone. I race up the stairs, three on the right, three on the left and one straight back. The first door opens and some guy is standing there that I don't recognize, pulling a shirt over his head. I check the bed to make sure Jaylinn isn't there. I do this to the next five doors; all were opened and occupied but Jaylinn wasn't in any of them. I get to the last door on the left; it's dark so I reach around the wall for a light switch. I flick it on and the room is empty.

"Where the f**k is she?" I roar.

I slam the door shut and stamp to the last door. My heart rate spikes causing a swooshing sound in my ears, my body shakes with rage. I turn the door knob, it's locked. I bang on it, "Jaylinn," Nothing, complete silence.

Something isn't right. My stomach knots and I try banging on the door a few times, hoping someone is just passed out and can't hear me. After a minute I can't take it anymore and I ram my shoulder into the door. Once, twice, and finally it gives way.

My heart stops, I can't breathe and my vision blurs.

The banging of a suitcase coming down the stairs shakes me from the flashback. I'm still standing in the same spot, leaning against the counter in the kitchen, when Jaylinn stops at the bottom of the stairs and leans her suitcase against the table in the hallway by the front door.

My face is wet as I recall that night I'll never forget. I wipe my eyes with the back of my hand. I know what's coming. I feel it in my bones, a coldness taking over and seeping into my veins like ice water.

Jaylinn walks back into the kitchen and stands in front of me. She looks down to her hands for a second before she looks up at me. My heart stops as Jaylinn slides the ring off and holds it out for me to take.

I shake my head no and tuck my hands in my pockets. I'm not taking that ring.

She looks down to the ring between her fingers, and then clutches it in her fist. She stands up on her tiptoes and kisses my cheek.

I take my hands out of my pockets and try to reach for her h*ps but before I'm able to grab a hold of her she backs away, her eyes full of sadness for her, for me, for us. I see it then, she wants this to work so badly but I'm holding her back. It's right there in the tears she's shedding and the way she can't look at me now.

"Jay," I plead, knowing if I could get her to look at me then I might have a chance to change her mind, one last chance.

She shakes her head back and forth quickly, her eyes on the ground. "This is me being brave and fearless."

I watch as she walks down the hallway. She stops in front of the table and looks back over to me. "I can't keep this. It hurts too much." She says as she places the ring on the table and then grabs the handle of her suitcase and walks out the front door, taking a huge chunk of my heart that I know I'll never get back.

The door shuts and I go crazy because I know what I've lost.

"Fuck!" I say as my fist connects with the wall. The outburst offers me nothing in the sense of relief; it only reminds me of what just walked out. I hit a few more things and nothing helps, it only makes me angrier.

I know one thing for sure; I need to get out of this house. I need to forget this and get out of my own head.

This is what's best for us. She needs to find a guy that will be able to give her the world and not be stuck in the past. She deserves much more then I can give her. She's right, I am stuck in the past so what else could I give her? I couldn't possibly give her a future.

Right?

15

"Don't fight me baby."

My body wants me to move. It's begging me to. I try to turn my head away from the voice. It's no use I can't move it.

What is happening to me? Why can't I move?

I feel warm, sweaty, hands sliding up my sides, and then I'm being held up by my neck and now my shirt is gone. I can't feel anything, it's all numb. This is wrong, all wrong.

"I'm going to make you feel so good."

This can't be happening. I have to do something. I have to fight. I have to...I don't know. I've been here before, I live this over and over again but each time something feels different, as if it's playing out differently.

"Play nice and I'll make this real good for you." I've heard these words before, the same disgusting tone scratches at my skin like sharp nails.

I want to spit in his face, fight him, kick and scream and hope for my will to give me the strength.

And then I hear him, he's coming, he's here for me.

"Cooper!"

My own screaming wakes me up from yet another nightmare; it's the same one over and over again and I can't shake it. I'm panting and sweating as fear courses through my body. It's on my skin like a sticky substance that I can't get off, as if it's a reminder that night is tattooed on me.

I need the light so I sit up and reach over to turn on the lamp that's next to by my bed. The light casts a light glow over my bedroom, the grey walls matching my mood perfectly. But the grey only reminds me of Cooper's grey blue eyes and the fact that he's not here. Running my hands through my hair, I attempt to work on calming my erratic heartbeat and breathing.

It was just a dream Jay, it's not reality.

I hear my mom's footsteps walking down the hall towards my room and then she taps on my door. Damn it, I woke her up again.

Groaning, I flop back down against my bed and throw my arm over my eyes. "I'm fine, Mom."

My door creaks open. She wasn't about to let it go. "Honey, you're not fine. This has been going on for two weeks now. If you can't tell me what's going on, you have to talk to someone. Enough is enough." She's not mad she's just really concerned. She has every right to be and I can't blame her. If this was my daughter, I would be the same way.

The bed dips as my mom takes a seat on the foot of it. I blink away the tears before removing my arm so that I can look over at her. Her eyes, the same ones that match mine, look tired and worried, just like I am. Every night since sleeping in my own bed after my fight with Cooper, I've had nightmares - they're back with a vengeance. It's like being away from him has taken away any comfort I had. It feels like there's a monster under my bed and it knows I'm finally alone, free to grab my arms and legs from under the bed.

"I'm fine, Mom." I lie, to her and myself. "I promise."

She reaches out but stops herself short. She wants to comfort me but after the first nightmare that she woke up to she knows she needs to give me my space. She tried to pull me into her arms but the feel of her skin against mine freaked me out and I started thrashing my arms and legs trying to get away. "Honey, you are far from fine. You used to be able to talk to me about everything." Mom yawns, but it's not enough that she lets me be. "Nothing has changed, Honey. I'll always be here for you but you've got to talk to me, Jaylinn, tell me what's going on. Does your brother know anything?"

I shake my head, cringing at the thought of how he would react if he ever found out. Hunter would absolutely lose his shit. "No, Mom. No one knows anything except Cooper, and right now I want it to stay that way."

Mom sighs; I can tell it hurts her that I won't talk to her. "Honey...,"

"Not tonight, Mom." I swallow hard, trying to give myself the courage to push her away. "We'll talk, just not tonight, okay? Go back to bed and we'll talk about it later."

Her shoulders slump in defeat and it hurts that I've made her feel this way. "Alright." She leans forward and kisses me on the forehead. I try not to flinch away but if I did, Mom didn't let on.

I roll onto my side to face the light, too afraid to turn it off. I grab my phone to check the time, it's a little after five in the morning. At least I slept a little longer tonight than I have been lately. I never used to have nightmares this badly before. I found that if I exhausted myself enough throughout the day that I would sleep through the night by myself. If Cooper was home and I was wrapped up in his arms, warm and safe, they barely ever came either.

I click on the photo gallery icon on my phone and swipe through. Most nights this seems to calm me down. It's like flashes of all the good times that Cooper and I used to have together. It's kind of torture but those were the good memories and the only ones I want to hold on to. I want good memories, not the tainted ones that my brain and the monsters under my bed are holding me to.

I stop on one of my favorite pictures of us. We were in Seaside two summers ago, before things changed between us, walking on the boardwalk.

I was jumping up and down like a little kid, "Cooper, take me on the Sky Ride."

Cooper looked at me like I had lost my mind; he looked to the ride and back at me. He said something but with the sound of a little girl walking by crying I didn't hear him. Before I even understood what he had said Cooper was running towards the entrance of the ride. I ran after him and beat him by a hair.

He throws his arm around my shoulders, "Since you won, you pick the color seat."

"Oh wow," I say playfully.

The ride operator cocked an eyebrow at Cooper.

"Well, come on." Cooper coaxed.

"Pink."

The operator rolled his eyes because we were now holding up his line. After two benches go by a pink one rounds the corner. Cooper and I are standing where the operator instructed. The bench hits the back of our legs and we sit down.

Cooper hands the operator some cash, his eyes never leaving mine the whole time. "Thanks man."

The operator smiles and nods at us before pulling the bar over our laps.

Cooper puts his arm over my shoulders again and pulls me closer to him. I smile up at him and then turn to look out over the ocean. The waves crash onto the shore but just past the white caps everything is calm and peaceful.

"Hey," Cooper whispers in my ear, drawing my attention to him.

Chills sweep over my body from the heat of his breath against my cool skin and it's everything I can do not to give into that heat. I turn towards him and his eyes are fiery, a desire even I can see. An undeniable pull was building between us and the way he looks at me now, that pull was becoming magnetic, something neither of us wanted to turn away from. It would feel unnatural to turn away. Things over the last month or two have been getting intense. The exchanging of long looks are more often, the hand holding was something new, and the protectiveness over me when we were around his friends was at an all-time high. It wasn't something I thought anymore, I felt it.

Cooper cups the side of my face with his strong hands and runs his thumb over my bottom lip. My heartbeat skyrockets, my breathing hitching at the sensation. It's everything I can do not to sigh.

He looks down at my lips and then licks his. "I'm going to kiss you. If you don't want me to you've got to stop me now."

I want him to kiss me, God, do I want him to. I think he knows this. My cheeks color under the intense heat of his gaze, giving me away. I stick out my tongue and slowly wet my lips before Cooper groans and crashes his lips to mine. His kiss is urgent, controlled and demanding, nothing like the kisses that we shared in the past when playing games as kids. I can't deny that the kiss sparked something in the both of us. It did. I can feel it and I'm sure he can too. This kiss has meaning and passion behind it. It has promises and magic. It's as thrill seeking as the carnival and as calming as the ocean.

I rest a hand on Cooper's thigh and one on his chest to angle myself more towards him. He slides the hand that's cupping my face into my hair. With a sigh, his tongue traces the seam of my lips and I open, giving him the access that he wanted, begging him for it. The kiss starts to get frenzied but suddenly Cooper stops. He leans his forehead against mine, breathing heavily. He wants to say something, but he doesn't because his words wouldn't be heard anyway.

"Jesus," I giggle, finding some words to put into perspective what that was for us, or at least for me.

Cooper chuckles and places another soft and gentler kiss on my lips this time.

Just before the ride comes to an end I reach into my purse and pull out my phone, wanting to capture the memory. Leaning my head against Cooper's shoulder, he kisses the top of it just as I press the button.

A perfect picture.

I'm not sure what time it is when the smell of coffee drags me from my room later that morning. I couldn't fall back asleep after my nightmare so I picked up my Kindle, needing to escape from the real world for a while. Soon enough I'm lost in something other than myself, which is nice these days.

Mom's sitting at the kitchen table flipping through a magazine when I walk in.

"Morning."

She looks up over her coffee mug, "Morning."

I can't stop thinking about the way she looked at me last night and the feeling she must have had, knowing she couldn't do anything for me.

After I pour myself a cup of coffee, I find my way over to her and take a seat at the table. "Did you go back asleep?" It's a silly question to ask because I know she didn't, her eyes are still tired and they're underlined with bags. It makes that feeling I have inside embed a little further, knowing she's lost sleep over me.

I sigh, knowing I need to talk to my mom because there's no way around it anymore. I'm dreading this talk but now that I don't have Cooper, my rock, for support, I'm going to need someone else to keep me moving forward. MacKenzie is too wrapped up with Ryder and Olivia now. Hailey has enough on her plate and needs to keep her blood pressure down. Jackson and Chloe are trying for another baby so I don't want to stress her out about this either. No way could I ever talk to Hunter, and Mason and Jackson are just out of the picture. I have a few friends from the soccer team but none that I would share this type of stuff with, so really the only other person is my mom.

I take a deep breath and say what I never expected I would this morning. "Let's go out into the living room and talk, Mom."

We both refill our cups of coffee and sit on the couch. My stomach is in knots from the fear and anxiety of having to relive that night again. Part of me hopes that I can get it out without a panic attack but there's no saying that won't happen.

I look over at my mom, take a deep breath and begin. My voice is steady in the beginning and holds a certain amount of regret for what I'm about to say. "I'm going to start from the beginning." I let out deep breath. "This is hard for me mom, but just let me get through it, okay?"

"I don't like the sound of this." Mom looks concerned, her eyes searching mine for a clue as to what's to come. I'm not sure what she sees when she looks at me but I wonder if it's anything like I feel; cold and empty.

"And I don't like that it happened." I say, my voice flat.

So I start from the beginning of the night and as I speak I'm in that moment again, as if it's replaying for me with every detail that I didn't remember it being. It's vivid, so real and frightening that I fear, when I'm done telling her, I won't be able to come out of it.

Mason promised Hailey that he would stop going out so much because he didn't need to worry about getting laid every day, so Cooper had been riding solo to the parties most days or he would go out with his friend Eli. On rare occasions, the boys actually got a Saturday night free, but most of the time they were away at games.

With a free night, Mason, Eli, Cooper and I all went out for pizza. Cooper and Eli were talking about a party at one of the frat houses that they wanted to go to. Eli looked over to me and asked if I was going. It seemed like it was going to be a good time by the way they were talking, so of course I wanted to go. I didn't feel like going back to my dorm and doing homework. Cooper and Mason both shot that idea right down. No way could I go; girls like me didn't belong at parties like that. I was a little hurt but damn it I wanted to go and see what all the hype was about. Girls from my soccer team were always talking about them and I wanted to check it out for myself. The thought of showing up with Cooper and Eli was a little exciting and powerful since they were pretty popular around campus. Plus I wanted a little of Cooper's attention. So that night I wasn't taking no for an answer, I was going to that party no matter what. After a few bats of my eyelashes, Cooper agreed. He wasn't happy about it and bitched and complained the whole time. We dropped Mason off back at the house they were renting then the three of us headed off to the party. Eli was in the back texting away on his phone while I sat up front with Cooper.

The whole way there he was giving me the, 'don't leave your drink unattended, don't take a drink from anyone you don't know' speech. I felt like he was treating me like his sister and I didn't want that. I was a little irritated with him by the time we got there so I tried to keep him at a distance, needing some space. I figured I would be safe, I knew he would be in the house somewhere; Eli was there too, as were a few of the girls from the soccer team.

A few hours passed and one of my friends introduced me to a guy named Kevin. He was nice enough and kind of cute, with his piercing blue eyes and blond hair. I had been drinking since arriving at the party so for all I know he could have been the ugliest guy there, but with beer googles on I couldn't tell. Cooper came over and checked on me a few times and was keeping my beer full. It was his way of looking out for me; he didn't seem to trust anyone here at the party. Kevin got up to go the bathroom and asked if wanted him to bring me a drink back. I looked down and my beer was empty again so I told him yes. After countless beers I wasn't thinking clearly with all the alcohol in my system.

I had almost finished the drink that Kevin had got me when I started to feel the room spin and I suddenly didn't feel very well. I never drank to the point of throwing up, I was drinking a lot that night but I still knew my limits.

"Can we go sit down for a few minutes?" I asked Kevin as I felt myself starting to sway. I grabbed onto his shoulder to steady myself.

What is going on with me? I'm sweating and feel so dizzy.

"It's hot as hell in here." I whine. "I wish someone would open up a window or something."

"You want to take a walk up to my room and cool off for a bit?" He asks in a low raspy voice that had me wondering what that meant. "I've got the air conditioner on up there."

"Oh no," My words come out as a slur, "Cooper would kick my ass." My eyes feel heavy and I'm really tired.

Kevin throws an arm over my shoulder, "I don't see Cooper around anywhere."

I shake my head back and forth and the room fades in and out. I know I drank a little more than I normally do but I shouldn't be feeling like this. I reach up and attempt to wipe the back of my hand over my forehead but miss and wind up hitting my nose. I wait for the pain to kick in but everything feels numb. I lean back against the couch as my stomach rolls.

Kevin stands up and holds a hand out to me. "Come on, let's get you upstairs and cooled off. You'll feel better, I promise."

The way he said I'd feel better didn't sit right with me but I couldn't argue. I couldn't get the words together to argue.

The last thing I remember is being lifted into the air and floating away.

I take a minute to collect myself before continuing. I look over to my mom; she's gripping the coffee cup in her hands so tightly that the tips of her fingers are white. I look out over towards the window, it's a cold, dark, gloomy day, matching my mood perfectly.

I take a sip of my coffee and place it on the coffee table in front of me. I reach for the throw blanket on the back of the couch and lay it over me, bringing it up to my shoulders and feeling very cold.

I look up to the ceiling, rest my eyes for a second and then continue.

It happened so fast, one minute I'm fine and now, I can't breathe.

I can't speak and even if I could, I'm not so sure there would have been words.

I can't see past the darkness inside me.

And I can't move. There's a weighted, heavy and suffocating silence that takes over my body.

My body is pinned against the bed, arms being held above my head. I try to move but my body is numb. I can't feel my limbs.

"Don't fight me baby." Are the first words I hear when I finally come around. I try to turn my head away from the voice but it doesn't move. My body is fighting me.

I don't understand what is happening to me. Why I can't I move?

I feel warm, sweaty hands sliding up my sides, and my shirt is being removed. I can't feel anything, it's all numb.

This is wrong, all wrong.

"I'm going to make you feel so good." He says in a seductive voice that makes me want to throw up, the smell of his breath is making me nauseous.

This can't be happening. I have to do something.

"Play nice and I'll make this real good for you."

His words are like acid rain, wrong voice, wrong touch.

Kevin reaches down and unbuttons my jeans and then my zipper. I take the deepest breath I can, squeeze my eyes shut and pray that I'm able to scream and fight him off.

My mouth opens but nothing comes out. Off in the distance I can hear my name being called. Something inside me comes alive and I finally find my voice.

"Cooper!" I scream, but my voice feels like it's just above a whisper, captured by his hand.

"Fuck!" The guy says before slapping me across the face. "Shut the f**k up!"

It stings but doesn't stop me from begging him to stop. It won't stop me from fighting him. "Don't do this, please." I beg, crying and pleading, begging for someone to come in.

I start crying and whatever is covering my eyes becomes wet with my tears. I try moving my arms again but I still can't get them to move.

Heavy footsteps bring me back to reality; helping me see despite not being able to move.

"Jaylinn," Cooper calls for me again.

"Cooper," I cry out, hoping he can hear me and stop this.

"Shut the f**k up!" Kevin says through gritted teeth, his hand over my mouth. "Don't you say another f**king word!"

Suddenly the weight that was on my body is gone and in the next second so are my pants and panties. I hear the sound of his belt clanking and then the sound of a zipper and the crinkle of plastic.

I start crying uncontrollably when his hand slips from my mouth. "Please don't do this. Please."

I hear a bang in the distances followed by my name again. "Jaylinn!"

Cooper's getting close.

Please hurry.

Kevin slaps a hand over my mouth again. "What did I say? Shut the f**k up." He hisses.

I hear another bang of a door being slammed shut a little closer again this time and then Cooper roaring, "Where the f**k is she?" I can tell by his voice that when he does find me, he's not going to be happy.

The weight from Kevin returns, his sweaty, sticky skin against mine. I tried to squeeze my legs together but it was no use. Kevin is too caught up to realize that Cooper isn't far. I just need to fend him off just a little longer. "Don't make a f**king sound and I'll take it easy on you." I feel his body start to shake against me as he thrust his h*ps against mine. He's so close to entering me. I will all my inner strength to move away.

The door knob rattles and it sounds like he kicks the door. "Jaylinn!" Cooper yells.

"Cooper?" I manage to call out through the tears. I'm not sure if it's loud enough for him to actually hear. My heart is pounding.

Why did I have to be so stupid? Why didn't I just listen to Cooper and stay at home?

The sound of wood cracking fills the room, followed by charging footsteps. Kevin's weight disappears.

"What the f**k?" Cooper bellows.

I hear the sound of skin to skin contact over and over and over again. The sounds stop after what feels like forever. My body was shaking profusely and I'm freezing, my bones like ice.

"Jay," Cooper says, out of breath. He slowly pulls the blind fold off my eyes. "Shit." He grits his teeth, working his jaw back and forth. "The f**king bastard couldn't do it without blindfolding you. What a stupid ass**le."

The tears come faster now. Cooper reaches behind my head and as gently as he can pulls my shirt over my head. I felt my body flinch away from his as he lifts one of my arms to put it in through the sleeve since I still can't feel anything. My stomach rolls and I feel like I'm going to be sick.

"Did he..." Cooper trails off, his eyes wild and destroyed. "I'll f**kin' kill him, Jay. Did he?"

"No," I cry out, my voice frantic but seeming confused. "You came just...in time."

"Holy f**k," Cooper stands up from the bed and moves out of my view.

I can hear groaning coming from the other side of the room. I hear the slap of skin followed by another and then the groaning stops.

Cooper reappears within my sight. "I have to get you out of here." He's breathing hard through his nose, nostrils flaring with each labored breath. "Can you move?"

I try to take a few deep breaths and try to get my crying under control. It's no use, I feel like it will never stop, not now, not ever. "No," I say with a cracking voice, shaking words that feel forced. "Everything is so heavy and numb, Cooper."

"God damn it!" Cooper slams his fist into the wall by the bed. He's quiet for a minute. He has a hand leaning against the wall and he's looking down towards the floor. "I have to get you dressed Jay to get you out of here."

"Okay." I whisper.

Cooper grabs me under the arms and turns me so my legs are dangling over the bed. He puts one foot through the leg of my pants, followed by the other, until he reaches my knees. Cooper stands, "I'm going to lean you to the side so I can get your pants on the rest of the way."

I nod, it's the only thing I can do.

He very carefully shifts me to the right and then to the left a few times until my pants are in place. He buttons and zips them while I lay there helplessly.

The groaning starts again and Cooper's body tenses.

"Alright, let's get the f**k out of here." Cooper puts his hands under my knees and arms and picks me up. I can feel the beat of his heart against my ear, the adrenaline pumping double time. "I want you to close your eyes so people think you passed out, alright?"

I give another nod, another silent agreement, and close my eyes, controlling my breathing the best I can through the hiccups of my crying.

On our way out of the room I see the ass**le that tried to rape me lying on the floor in a bloody mess. He almost took a part of my life, a part that I was keeping until the right time came, until Cooper was ready. I'll never forget that face or the sound of his voice. It will forever haunt me for the rest of my life. Forever a monster under my bed.

Mom is now sitting beside me on the couch crying silently, her eyes are full of pain and hurt. I reach over to the coffee table and pull a few tissues out of the box and hand them to her. I'm not surprised that I need a few for myself because the tears are on the verge of falling, yet again.

"Baby, I'm so sorry this happened to you." Mom cries, barely able to look at me. "Why didn't you tell me, Jaylinn? We could have gone to the police or something."

I shake my head, "No, Mom. I was too afraid, I just wanted to forget anything ever happened."

My hands start to shake; I tuck them back under the blankets and continue.

Cooper took me back to his house after I begged him not to take me to the hospital. I didn't want anyone to know what had happened to me. I make Cooper swear right then, through tears and heartache that this night, what happened, that he will never tell a soul.

And he tells me he won't.

By the time we pull up to his house, some of the numbness has faded. I wish that it hadn't though because my body feels like it's been through a fight or two, an ache I know won't subside for a while. As we sit in the driveway, I'm able to turn my head and look over at Cooper.

He turns the car off and looks over at me. "How are you doing?"

I close my eyes and take a deep breath to keep down the bile that's rising. It's been everything I can do not to throw up. "I'm okay."

When I make eye contact with Cooper, he shakes his head, "No you're not. Your face is as white as a ghost and you're shaking. You're clearly not okay." He looks over across the street. I look down to my hands that are in my lap and they are indeed shaking. "You were almost raped, Jay."

Cooper climbs out of the car and walks around. He opens the door for me and picks me up the same way he did back at the party and takes us inside and into his bedroom. Thankfully Mason isn't home so I don't have to worry about him finding out what happened. I never want him to know what happened tonight. I'm ashamed I was so stupid and didn't listen to Cooper's warnings.

Cooper sits me up against his headboard. I try to lift my arms and this time I'm actually able to move them, albeit not very fast because they still feel weighed down. I push back some of the hair that sticks to the side of my tear-soaked face.

Cooper sits on the edge of the bed with his head in his hands, contemplating, deciding and obsessing. "I knew I should have never brought you to that party."

I knew he was going to do this. He's blaming himself. He does this, it's in his nature and I knew it would be.

"Cooper, this isn't your fault." I sniffle as the tears start again. Just when I feel like they might be controlled, they start up again with more force. Will it be like this forever? Will I get past this?

"Yeah, it is." Cooper snaps, disgusted that I would say that. "If I didn't bring you then we wouldn't be sitting here right now." He keeps his head down and pulls at his hair with his hands. "I f**king knew better. I knew and yet I let you and where did that get you? Goddamn it!"

"Cooper, I was drugged." I cry out, trying to make him see that this wasn't on him, give him an out. "That is no way you're fault."

"I'm so f**king sorry." He mumbles, his eyes are on the floor and his words hit me, like a line drive straight to my heart.

The dam breaks and the tears come freely as the night replays as I close my eyes. I was almost raped tonight. What would have happened if Cooper hadn't rescued me when he did?

I shiver, I'd be ruined, hell, I feel like I am anyway with the weight of the night crashing down on me.

Oh God, I can't breathe. I start to panic and feel like I'll never be the same, never recover.

Will that ass**le tell his friends? What if someone saw what happened and it spreads around campus? No, no, no.

"Breathe, Jay." Cooper says with a gentle voice beside me, knowing where my mind was.

I close my eyes and start to count to ten. My heartbeat slows a bit and the tears ease up. I feel that ass**le on my skin and it makes it crawl. I scratch at my arms, then my stomach and legs.

"I need a f**king shower." I say aloud. I want the memory washed away, gone forever.

I attempt to try and get up. My legs aren't strong enough yet to hold me up as I fall back on the bed. Cooper is there in an instant but I put a hand up to stop him, scared to have him that close.

"Don't touch me." I scream and then slap my hand over my mouth, not meaning to say that aloud to him. I know he means well but I just can't handle it. I'm not sure I can handle anything.

The thought of having anyone touching me right now makes me want to rip them apart.

Cooper backs up and holds his hands up in surrender.

I try to get up again and this time I'm able to pull myself from the bed. I stand there for a second to get my balance before taking the few steps to Cooper's bathroom. I shut the door and I'm just about to lock it when Cooper calls my name.

"Jay."

I open the door slightly and Cooper holds out some clothes. Grabbing them, I quickly shut the door and lock it. I walk over to Mason's connecting bathroom door and lock that as well. I place the clean clothes on the bathroom sink and then turn the water on in the shower as hot as it will go.

I remove my shirt, bra and then I pull down my pants. My panties are missing; they were left back in that ass**le's room. I kick my jeans away and step into the shower. The scolding hot water runs down over my body. I pick up some body wash and pour some into my hands and start to clean my body. I spot a scrub brush on the ledge of the tub. I pour some body wash on that and bring it to my left arm and scrub as hard as I can. I feel like I can't get clean enough. When my arm is bright red I proceed to the other arm and then the rest of my body. Finally, once my skin starts to burn, I drop the brush and lean against the wall and slide down until I'm sitting. I bring my knees up and hug them and let the tears fall again. I sit in the shower until the water turns cold and I'm shaking yet again. I reach over to turn the water off then grab a towel off the hook. I dry myself and dress in an old number five baseball t-shirt of Cooper's and a pair of his boxer shorts. I reach up and wipe the mirror with the towel so I can see my reflection.

"You see Mom," I say through the tears, "the girl that looked back at me that night will never be the same."

My mom's there for me, wrapping her arms around me and giving me want I need, a shoulder to cry on. I lay my head down in my mom's lap and just let all the pain, hurt, heartbreak, anger and sadness out. Mom runs her hands through my hair as we both cry for what feels like hours.

When I woke up this morning, I didn't think I would be telling her this, but really it is exactly what I needed, someone else to hear me, to feel what I felt and be here for me for no other reason than to just be.

There's something about reliving the past, but there's also something about telling the past. I want to exhale the past and inhale the future and I know this was a start to that.

16

Spring training starts in a month and I'm not ready. I don't give a f**k and this is the first time in all my life that I'm not excited to get back to baseball with the boys. I'm just not. My life feels like it's on hold even though things around me are moving at record speed.

Eli and I settled on the building for our nightclub in Seaside four days ago. Fierce is due to open in a month which gives me enough time to help Eli with the construction and design work and also hire some employees.

We just signed off with the contractor who's going to be painting the club at the end of next week. Thankfully the offices for Eli and I are already done so we are able to at least conduct interviews and work on setting up our accounts with different vendors for supplies.

This morning I posted a few ads up on Hcareers.com, Monster and CareerBuilder for the open job positions we have. Within minutes applications were already starting to pile in. I went through a few and sent the good ones over to Eli for his opinion.

At least we got that ball rolling.

That part of my life is rounding the bases. The other part is still stuck in the batter's box.

I do the only thing I can think to do, which is work out to release my frustration.

I'm running along on the treadmill at the gym when Mason steps onto the one beside me. "Yo."

I lift my chin in acknowledgment and keep pounding my feet against the belt and turn up the speed. Reaching for my iPhone, I make sure Mason notices that I'm not interested in talking, and turn on my music. I've barely spoken to my brother, or any of my family for that matter, since my falling out with Jaylinn. I don't have anything to say. Why talk?

I get the daily phone calls from everyone wondering what I've been up to and how I'm doing. They're all walking on eggshells around me and it's driving me f**king nuts. Yes, it hurts like a bitch that Jaylinn and I are no longer speaking but this is what's best for her. She's done with me and is moving on, and it's what I'm trying to do as well. At least that's what I keep telling myself because if I'm honest I'm a f**king mess deep down inside. I'm a f**king liar if I think I'm even remotely okay with her moving on. I'm not. I'm pissed.

I wonder everyday what she's up to, how she's dealing with things. Nights are the worst for me. I got so used to falling asleep with her in my arms and now that she's not there I can't seem to sleep. Part of me wishes I had some kind of chemical dependency to help me sleep. I see the appeal of drugs now. They do offer some relief, don't they? Hopefully with practice starting up I'll be so exhausted that sleeping won't be an issue anymore.

When Jaylinn has a nightmare it scares the hell out of me. I asked one time what she does when I'm out on the road, she said that she runs late at night until she's exhausted and can barely function, and then passes out and sleeps straight through. I wonder if she just told me that for my benefit because now that I can't sleep, I can't imagine what she did. I wonder how her mom is coping with hearing what her daughter is dealing with. Jaylinn and her mom have always and will forever be close. It's the kind of relationship that every parent should have with their kid. I wonder if Jaylinn will find the strength to talk to her mom, I think she needs to and I've told her that time and time again.

Mason waves a hand in front of my face. I pull my headphones out of my ears and slow the treadmill down. "What's up?"

He lifts his head in the direction of the door; I turn my head to see Jaylinn walking in the door of the gym. I wonder what she's doing here; this isn't normally the gym she goes to. A small petite blonde with big green eyes, Layla, follows behind her and they are laughing at some guy in front of them.

I shake my head and grab for my towel to wipe the sweat away.

"Who is that?" Mason asks.

I shrug a shoulder, "Layla, she's on Jaylinn's team."

Mason nods, "Who's the dude?"

I shrug again, kind of pissed but appearing like I don't really give a shit. "No clue." I stop the treadmill and grab my water bottle and iPhone from the cup holder. I need to get the hell out of here, I was planning on doing a full workout but now that she's here I've got to go. It hurts to see her, especially laughing and smiling.

I look back over my shoulder, allowing myself one more look. The guy that was with them kisses the top of Layla's head. Thank God because I'm not sure I'd be able to control myself if it was Jay's head he was kissing. I'd probably go over there a beat the shit out of him just because I'm in that kind of mood today.

Mason follows behind me towards the locker room. "Kenz was asking about you last night." Mason chuckles. "She's pretty pissed off at you." Of course Mason would find that funny. Stupid f**ker. "She said that she's only seen you at the hospital and that's it."

I feel like a dick because I've been avoiding everyone, not wanting to deal with what's going on, and I sure as hell didn't want to deal with my hormonal sister. MacKenzie has called and left at least two crying voicemails saying how much she misses me. She should be too busy with her family to be worried about me and my shit.

"Yeah, I figured I'd be on her shit list." I sigh, knowing what I need to do. "I'll stop by on my way home."

Mason pats me on my shoulder, "Good luck with that."

"Thanks ass**le." I mutter under my breath.

I pull up in the driveway behind Hunter's truck and take a second to collect my thoughts on what I'm going to say to my sister when she starts questioning me about Jaylinn. This is where I wish for that chemical dependency again. If I was on drugs, well then maybe I'd be able to lie about everything. Or at least not feel this pain.

Not knowing what to do, I rest my head against the steering wheel, I'm so tired and yet I still can't fall asleep.

Tapping on the window startles me. I look over and MacKenzie is standing outside my window with her hands on her hips, looking pissed. I pull the keys out of the ignition and open the door.

"What the hell is wrong with you?" MacKenzie asks the second the door is open.

"Hey Kenz, I missed you too." I say rolling my eyes.

She pushes my shoulder with quick jab. "I've been calling and texting you for a week now. What the hell Coop?"

I tuck my hands in my pockets and rock back and forth on my feet. She isn't pulling any punches here; she's gone right for the kill. "I know and I'm sorry. I've been so busy with trying to get the club up and running before I leave for training." It's not all a lie. It's mostly true so I don't feel so bad about saying it. She doesn't need to know the truth. "I barely have time to eat some nights."

She doesn't buy my lie at all.

"Stop bullshitting me, Cooper." She reprimands me. "I know you had a fight with Jaylinn."

I hang my head, "Yeah, we had a falling out but I really am busy with the club."

Her teeth start to clatter from the cold. "Are you staying?"

"Of course, I miss my buddy, Chaos."

She glares at me and cuts me off before I'm able to finish. "What about the rest of us, your baby niece, are we just chop liver now?"

I throw my arm around her shoulder and head inside. "I wasn't finished." I say, leaning into her. "You know I miss you all."

When we step into the house, I remove my jacket and see Hunter standing there with baby Olivia wrapped in a new cozy pink blanket.

I smile at him, giving a nod at my sister. "Has she always been this feisty?" I ask Hunter.

I rub my hands together, warming them up before taking the baby from Hunter. "Only when her brother seems to ignore her," Hunter says with a chuckle.

Well at least he doesn't want to kill me for the shit that went down with his sister.

I'll admit I miss everyone, it feels good even though I know it's only a short lived feeling.

Ryder is getting so big, my niece is adorable, and my sister and Hunter are in bliss with their little family.

Hunter takes Ryder upstairs and puts him down for a nap, leaving my sister and Olivia in the living room. It's then that I know exactly what's coming. The interrogation.

"So," MacKenzie says.

I lay my head back against the couch, playing dumb. "So."

"You going to tell me what happened between you and Jay?" Olivia fusses a little before quieting down again. "Last we all knew, things were getting pretty hot on New Year's and you two went home instead of coming here." MacKenzie clears her throat. "Sadie was going to spend the night but forgot her bag so Hunter went over to his mom's to grab it for her. He came back and he was pissed but wouldn't tell us why."

See, why didn't I think of her hiding at her mom's?

Probably because I was talking to a tequila bottle all night.

She must have pulled her car into the garage so I wouldn't think she was there. It also explains why Hunter sent me that text message that night.

Knowing she's waiting for an answer, I scrub my hands up and down my face. "We got into a fight."

"That's it? That's all you're going to tell me?" MacKenzie huffs. "Such a guy's response."

I lean forward and rest my elbows on my knees, "She wanted something I wasn't ready for, Kenz. I guess she finally got tired of waiting."

"No matter how strong a girl is, Cooper, she always has a breaking point." MacKenzie tells me, having no idea how true her words are.

After a few quiet moments I say, "And she reached hers. She's better off without me anyway." It pains me to say it, but it's true, in a f**ked up kind of way.

MacKenzie laughs, clearly not believing me. "You really don't believe that do you? That girl loves you, Cooper, and no matter what your fight was about, she isn't going to fall out of love with you anytime soon."

I feel myself slipping and wanting to just crawl in a hole and be left alone. I want that chemical dependency. I want it because I don't want the dependency I have right now.

I know Jay loves me, I love her just as much if not more, but the past doesn't change; people just learn how to get past it.

Inhale your future.

Exhale your past.

I absentmindedly grab for Jaylinn's ring that is now on a chain I wear around my neck, and hold on to it with everything I have.

17

It's been almost two months since Cooper and I split. I've been avoiding him at all cost. I always make sure he isn't going to be at Hunter's or Hailey's before I stop over for a visit. I stay away from family functions and yes, I get a lot of shit for it but I just can't handle seeing Cooper. Even though it's been a little while it still hurts like it was just yesterday that it happened. I miss him, his smile, his eyes, his laugh, I just miss him. There isn't a day that goes by that I don't want to run back over to his house and tell him the hell with everything and I'll take what I can get. I know that by doing that we would never be able to move forward, we'd be stuck on the same cycle.

I've heard from MacKenzie that their club is set to open this weekend. That was probably planned because I know he leaves for spring training on Monday. I know that having it up and running before he left was a goal of his.

Spring semester started a few weeks ago and I swear I have yet to learn anything because I can't seem to concentrate. I'm sitting in sociology, listening to the teacher give his lecture and I'm only half paying attention. Layla, my friend from the soccer team, who is quickly becoming my new best friend, is sitting next to me playing on her phone, not listening either. I've been having a hard time in this class because it's mostly lectures and my mind starts to wander.

Layla nudges me in the side, bringing me back. "Can you give me a ride to a job interview after class? Brian just texted me and said he can't get out of work." Brian is Layla's boyfriend and a total ass**le. I have no idea what a girl like Layla is doing with him. He treats her like shit; he's controlling and always putting her down.

"Yeah, do you need me to stay until you're done?"

"If you can, then I won't have to take the bus home. "

I nod and go back to doodling on the paper in front of me.

"You should apply too, Jay. It's Fierce, that new nightclub that's opening up this weekend."

Cooper's nightclub. Well f**k. Pain hits me right in the chest, I reach up and try to rub the pain away but it's no use.

"Nah, I've got spring soccer camp that I'll be helping with so I'll have enough on my plate."

She shrugs and goes back to her phone.

The last hour of class goes by painfully slowly as I'm not looking forward to taking Layla to her job interview now that I know where it is. I don't want to run into Cooper, I've avoided him this whole time and now I'm heading straight to him. I want to tell Layla that I forgot I have something to do but I don't want to be a shitty friend.

"That's it for class today. Quiz on Thursday for the materials we went over ." The professor says as we all start to gather our things and half of us are groaning. Thankfully I'm not the only one who doesn't really listen to him.

"Can I copy your notes?" Layla says while laughing.

I can't help but laugh too, "Such a smartass."

Someone behind me clears their throat; I look back over my shoulder. It's Ryan Ripley, star basketball player. He's been trying to get my attention since I started here at Georgian Court. He's super tall and towers over my five foot six frame. He has jet black hair, copper colored eyes and a little dimple on his left cheek when he smiles. He carries himself well with just the right amount of arrogance.

"Hi Ryan." I feel like my cheeks are blushing, or at least getting ready to.

"What's up Jaylinn?" He says as he checks me out from head to toe.

Layla snickers from behind me, she knows I've been giving him the cold shoulder forever but he just doesn't seem to get the picture. "You ready to go? I don't want to be late for my interview." Layla asks.

I grab for my bag on the floor but Ryan beats me to it. "I've got it."

He hands me my bag and I give him a half smile, "I've got to get going." I say and nod in Layla's direction.

"Alright." He shifts his book bag up on his shoulder, "I'll see you Thursday."

"Bye Ryan." Layla sings as we walk away.

Layla and I walk out of the classroom and down the hall I ask, "Doesn't he get the picture that I keep blowing him off?"

"He's been drooling over you since he first saw you." Layla shivers. "How many games has he come to see you play now?"

I stop dead in my tracks, "What do you mean?"

"He always comes to our games. Brian says he's always cheering for you when you score a goal." She says this like I should know exactly what she's talking about.

"I've never seen him in the stands."

Layla laughs, "Yeah I wouldn't have seen him either with that hot piece of ass you were dating."

I cringe at her words, knowing I should have corrected her a long time ago but I didn't want to admit that Cooper and I really weren't a couple.

"Where has he been anyway? You've been spending a lot of time with me recently."

"Baseball." I answer, quickly deflecting her question.

"Well that sucks for you. I'd be going f**king nuts if I had to go that long without him."

I pick up the pace, trying to get to my car faster so we can stop talking about Cooper. We reach the car and both throw our bags in the backseat. I climb into the driver's seat and start up the car.

"You know where they opened that new club right?"

I nod, "Yeah."

I pull out of the parking spot and turn onto the highway. My stomach is filled with a million butterflies and my hands are all clammy. I send a silent prayer that Cooper isn't there when I drop her off. I can't see him, I can't handle it.

We almost drive straight past the club, it's changed so much that I barely recognized the place. Instead of the old flaking red paint, the building has been freshly painted jet black with an eye catching, contrasting, blue trim. They've added waterfall columns to the front of the building with soft white light to give them that glow feeling. All the windows that used to have bars on them are now panes of glass so that you can see into the club. The second story of the club now looks to be some kind of deck by the rails outlining the building. They've done a three sixty with this place and I feel myself smiling at how much work they put into it.

Drawing my eyes away from the building, I look for Cooper's truck. Thankfully it's not here, there are only three cars in the parking lot, none of which I recognize. I wonder who they have doing interviews for them since I don't see Eli's car either.

I park in a spot between an SUV and a pick-up truck, figuring this would be a safe spot to hide in incase Cooper does show up.

Layla reaches for the door handle, "Thanks again. I'll be as quick as possible."

Half smiling I say, "Good luck."

About a half hour has passed and I'm still waiting for Layla to come out. No one else has entered or left the building since she walked in. A tall, well built, man walks out the front door now. He's wearing dark sunglasses and a black hat. He walks in my direction, probably wondering why I'm sitting in a parking lot of a business that's not open yet. The alarm beeps from the truck next to me.

Whew, I breathe a sigh of relief. I watch as the guy climbs into his truck and drives away, leaving the parking spot next to me open. My mind starts going crazy, I don't know why exactly because clearly Cooper wouldn't be coming to the interview this late, Layla has to be almost done.

I reach in the back seat for my purse. I dig through it and pull out my phone; I've got to distract myself with something. I open up Facebook and scroll through my newsfeed. A few minutes have passed and still no Layla.

"What in the world is taking so long?" I say to myself.

In the corner of my eye I see a white car pull into the parking lot.

"Shit."

That's Eli's BMW. I try sinking down in my seat so that I'm not noticed, but by the sounds around me he's parked right next to my car.

Goddamn it. Of all the luck to have.

I slowly sit up so it's not too obvious that I was trying to hide but I keep my head down and act like I'm typing a message out on my phone.

I hear Eli open his door and then shut it. My heart is hammering and I'm sweating.

Damn it, I should have gone to go get coffee or something and had Layla text me when she was done. I'm so stupid.

There is a tap on my passenger side window. I look quickly and then back down to my phone and then back again acting surprised to see him. I just hope he's stupid enough to fall for it.

I roll the window down. "Hey Eli."

Eli narrows his eyes suspiciously at me, "Jaylinn."

I set my phone down in the cup holder. I nod towards the building, "My friend is in there interviewing." I say before he even asks.

Understanding washes over Eli's face. "Layla?"

"Yeah."

"You want to come in?" Eli asks.

My stomach flips, "No, that's okay."

"Cooper's not coming in till later tonight if that's what you're worried about." Eli explains, understanding my reluctance. "He's with the team, a meeting or something came up."

I look down to my phone, grab it, and then grab my keys and climb out of my car. Call it curiosity but I really want to see what they've done to the inside of this place. I also feel like going in here will be like getting a glimpse into Cooper's new life without me. I wonder if he misses me. I haven't heard a word from him, not a call or a text and honestly I thought he would have at least tried.

"Jay?" Eli startles me.

"Yeah?" I say, slightly embarrassed that I was lost in my own head.

He chuckles, "I asked how you've been." Eli opens the door for me and we step inside.

The club is breathtaking. The floor plan is wide open with a huge black bar sitting in the center. It's modern with a touch of bold. Black leather chairs are set up around the bar with blue diamonds on the back. Black booths with electric blue accents that match the blue in the chairs around the bar outline the walls. The ceiling to floor windows give the club a huge view of the beach.

"Jay?" Eli startles me again.

I shake my head trying to clear it, "Sorry. I'm doing fine, trying to keep busy." I walk around the bar and see a set of stairs in the back.

"That's good." Eli walks over to the bar and puts his keys down. You know, he's not the same without you."

I close my eyes and take a deep breath. I'm glad he's not the same, neither am I. It's almost a relief to know that someone else feels this way.

Eli huffs, "I'm the one that's supposed to be interviewing Layla. I got tied up. Why don't you have a look around and I'll go do the interview with her real quick."

"Sure." I walk to the stairs. "Is it ok if I go up there?"

He smiles, "Of course."

The smile on his face settles the uneasiness that I was feeling earlier. Eli walks down a hallway and I walk up the stairs. I push the black door open and squint my eyes, letting them adjust to the sunlight. The second floor is three quarters opened to a black bar that matches the one downstairs, and lines the only wall. I walk over to it to get a better look. I stop dead in my tracks when I see the words, the same words that are tattooed on me, Inhale you future, exhale our past, right above the bar. Tears spring to my eyes. Why would he do this? He has a huge piece of my heart painted on the wall of the bar he owns. A tear slips down my cheek but I don't wipe it away. I needed to see this, if I can't be a part of his life at least I get to see a little piece of it and now I know that a part of me that means so much is there for him to see every day.

I run my hand over the top of the bar as the tears come. I walk over to the railing and look out over to the Atlantic Ocean. This building is in a really great location and it should do really well, especially in the summer months. Just off into the distance I can see the Sky Ride that Cooper and I shared our real first kiss on.

I don't know how long I've been up here just enjoying the view when Eli comes up next to me. "Pretty sweet view, huh?"

"Yeah." I reach up and wipe away the last remaining tears.

"Your friend is downstairs waiting for you." Eli tells me. "I hired her."

Smiling I say, "Thank you."

He returns the smile and the butterflies are back in full force. Eli has a perfect smile and you just have to smile back, even if you have nothing to smile about.

"So since Layla is starting this weekend does that mean I get to see your pretty face at the grand opening too?"

I cross my arms over my chest as goose bumps cover my arms, and it's not from being cold. "I don't think that's such a good idea." I realize that the shirt I'm wearing reveals a little more of my chest than I'm used to, and with my arms crossed over my chest Eli is getting an eyeful.

I glance up and sure enough Eli is staring at me. When he notices that I caught him he laughs and I can't help but laugh too. It's nice to feel desired by someone who is so attractive.

"You should come, pretty girl." Eli says as he tucks a piece of hair behind my ear.

I say, teasing, "Do you call all the girls that?"

He shakes his head, "No, only you." And then he winks at me.

My cheeks flame instantly. I sigh like a little school girl. "You're a flirt, Eli Sabatino."

He chuckles when he sees that my cheeks are in fact red. "You're hot and I like to flirt, but you're one of my friends' girls at the end of the day so it's all in good fun."

A pang of longing for Cooper hits me. I drop my arms and turn to walk back downstairs, remembering that Layla is waiting for me. The words, my words, painted on the wall stop me for just a second.

Eli comes up behind me and wraps his big strong arms around me. It takes everything in me not to lean back into him, needing the support, just needing to be told that everything will be okay.

Eli whispers in my ear, "Throw him a curve ball, Jay." I turn my head to the side, "Throw something at him that he's not expecting."

I nod and step out of Eli's hold on me, "Thanks again for hiring Layla."

He winks, "I did it for you, pretty girl."

I shake my head and leave Eli and his flirting behind with a new sense of determination. Eli's words play over and over in my head as I drive Layla to her house to drop her off. I've barely paid her any attention but she's talked enough for the both of us and I don't think she's caught on that I've barely said a word.

I'm throwing Cooper a curve ball, one that he's not going to expect.

18

It's Saturday afternoon, the grand opening for the club is tonight. We have a full staff on hand , a great DJ lined up, and everything else is set and ready to go. We've ran a few advertising campaigns to draw in a crowd and we've been hearing great feedback.

Mason and I are at the gym, burning off some of this adrenaline that's pumping through my body with the opening tonight.

"So you ready for tonight?" Mason asks as we're changing in the locker room.

I pull my t-shirt over my head, "Yeah, everything is all set. You're coming right?"

Mason looks at me like I'm stupid. "Of course I'm coming. We all are, well except Hailey." Mason whistles. "Man she is not happy about that."

I chuckle, "I imagine not."

"Mom is going over to Kenz's house to watch the babies so she can come too." He throws his head back and laughs. "You should have heard the conversation that she and Hunter were having when I stopped over the other day." He laughs again. "Kenz was talking about going out to find something to wear and Hunter was just sitting back not really paying attention. Kenz knew it too but she knew I was listening so she was messing around with him. She started listing off all the shit she had to go out and buy and the second she said black bra to cover the see through dress Hunter's eyebrows shot up. He turned his neck so fast I was sure he'd hurt himself. They got into an argument about what she was and wasn't allowed to wear. I got the hell out of there after that."

"I'm glad she's Hunter's problem."

He chuckles again, "He must not be getting any 'cause Hunter was pissed when she said that he was cut off longer for talking to her the way he was."

Leave it to my sister to hit a guy where it hurts. "Sucker."

Mason and I both walk out of the gym laughing. It feels good to laugh; I haven't been doing much of it lately. So much is going on I feel like I can't breathe half the time. It's good in a way as I don't have time to dwell on my past and think of Jaylinn. On some of those nights when I wake up too early to go to the gym, or I just can't fall asleep, my mind wanders and I get lost in my own head. I wish that things could be different for us. I wish I could get over my fear of giving into her and then losing her because she can't handle it. Damn, I miss her something fierce but it has to be like this. She deserves better, deserves to live in the moment.

"Alright, I'll see you tonight." Mason says as he claps me on the shoulder.

"See you tonight."

The club is opening at nine and Eli and I have been here since five making sure everything is set up and ready to go. The staff, dressed in black shorts and electric blue tops, arrived at seven and they are running over the list of things we left for them to do. The bouncers, dressed in black shorts and black polos with Bouncer in electric blue written across the back, are walking around getting familiar with all the exits and going over the plans if anything were to go down.

Eli knocks on the door to my office a few minutes before we are set to open. "You ready for this?"

I smile, a true smile, because I am ready to do this. It's a new chapter in my life. This is how I used to feel about leaving for spring training, knowing that I was doing something I loved, but now I'm dreading leaving the club and my life behind. I feel in my element here, like this is what I'm supposed to be doing. Do I love baseball? Yes, no doubt about it. I will always love playing baseball but I'm not in love with it the way I used to be. I want what my brothers have. I want to settle down, start a family and grow roots here in Jersey. I'm tired of always being gone and on the road. I've had a taste of that future with Jaylinn and now it's all I want.

"Let's do this."

Eli and I walk down the hall and towards Eric, the DJ, up in his booth. Eli claps Eric on the shoulder and he removes his headphones. "You ready?" Eli asks.

Eric tips his head, "Let's do this."

"Start it up then." I reply.

Eric puts his headphones back on and the music fills the silent club. A few of the bartenders and waitress start cheering. The energy is through the roof.

Right at nine we give the bouncers the okay to open the doors. Before Eli came to get me to do one last walk through, I was upstairs and saw that the line was down the street which is great for the first night and it eases my nerves.

Eli agreed he'd walk around the downstairs most of the night while I agreed to do the same upstairs. We felt it was important to show our faces for the first few openings. Eli will be doing this while I'm away for the next few weeks but I'll pick up when I return.

The second floor is kind of mine, I claimed it with the words that I'm trying to live by now. Inhale your future, exhale your past. Inhaling my future is exactly what I'm doing now. I'm embracing it with opening this new venture. Exhaling my past is still a work in progress. It's a long bumpy road that I'm trying to navigate through. I'm trying to find that perfectly paved road.

People start trickling upstairs, little groups by little groups throughout the night. It's a little quieter up here than it is downstairs, even though there are speakers in every corner. Up here you're at least able to have a conversation without having to yell in each other's ears. We had a few glass tables and black high back chairs set up recently so that people would have places to sit and talk if they weren't dancing. There is lighting under the lip on the railing and under the bar, giving it a dark glow.

There is a group of girls sitting in the corner laughing amongst themselves and I see one of the girls pointing to me. I say a few hellos to people as I pass by them on my way over to their table.

As I get closer I look at each girl but none look familiar, which isn't an uncommon thing. They probably recognize me from being a BlueClaw. I approach their table, "You ladies look like you're enjoying yourselves."

The one that was pointing at me bats her eyelashes, "I know who you are."

Ugh, I hate this part of my career. I'm not ungrateful for what my career has done for me but just once I want to be known as just Cooper Cahill, new club owner.

I act the part and plaster a smile on my face, "I bet you do, sweetheart." I wink at her. "Everything going well so far?" I ask the rest of the girls at the table, trying to deflect anymore questions from their friend.

"Everything is going great. I really like the setup, it's not like the other clubs around here." The pretty blond says.

I smile politely, "Thanks, I'm glad you think so."

I spot Layla, who Eli hired without my knowledge, walking up the steps with Jackson and Chloe behind her. "Excuse me ladies." I say as I walk over towards my brother and sister in law.

When I reach them I lean in and kiss Chloe on the cheek, "You're looking stunning."

She blushes, "Thanks Coop." She leans back into Jackson who slid an arm around her waist.

"I like what you did to the place." Jackson says, looking around. "I'm proud of you Coop."

He has no idea how much I needed to hear that tonight of all nights. Tonight is an important night for me and it's nice to know that I have my family's support. My nerves were starting to get the best of me before they showed up. As I'm standing here talking to Chloe and Jackson someone throws their arm around my shoulder and I relax a little more.

"Hey, bro." Mason says with a beer in his hand. He didn't waste any time.

"Hey." I greet him.

MacKenzie steps around Mason and throws her arms around my neck as he drops his. I pick her up so her feet are dangling in the air.

"How does it feel to have a break, Mama?" I ask when I set her back down.

She looks over to Hunter and I follow her line of sight. If MacKenzie answered me I didn't hear what she said because I see Jaylinn is standing behind Hunter with Eli's arm around her shoulder. I'm back on high alert seeing her. Everything that had settled me now has me in one big bundle of f**king nerves again.

"Cooper," MacKenzie says in a warning tone. "Don't f**k this up."

Jaylinn is absolutely stunning in her black, form fitting halter-top dress. She has on black high heels that make her legs go on forever. Her normally straight hair is curled at the end and cascading down her back. Her blue eyes shine through the dark make-up that she's wearing and her lips, her f**king lips, are colored cherry red. Just the thought of her lips has my dick standing at attention.

Hunter takes a few steps towards me and that's when I see Eli who is standing there talking to Layla and Jaylinn. "Just let it be." Hunter warns as he claps me on the back.

I look back over in their direction and Eli says something that has the both of them laughing. I hate it, jealously is a mother f**ker and I'm not a jealous kind of guy. Not normally. When it concerns Jaylinn though, it rears its ugly head. I don't know what those two are doing but it's not sitting well with me. Eli would never go after Jaylinn. We set that straight after that little stunt he pulled the night at the bar when I brought Jaylinn along.

I don't exactly know what to do at this point. Am I supposed to go over to her and say hello? Do I let her make the move? I sigh in frustration. It should be me making her laugh, not my friend, my business partner.

MacKenzie wraps her arms around me. "I love you, Coop. I'm so proud that you and Eli did all of this. To be honest with you, I wasn't expecting it. " MacKenzie rambles on.

"I love you for what you're doing." I kiss the top of my sister's head. She's great at trying to distract me but it's not working. "To be real honest with you, I'm totally shocked she's here."

MacKenzie huffs, "It wasn't easy that's for damn sure, but she knows it's something she had to do. While you guys are fighting or whatever, Jaylinn knows at the end of the day she wants to support you no matter what."

In the corner of my eye I see Jaylinn take a step towards me. "Cooper," MacKenzie calls my name. "Please." She begs.

I smile sweetly at my sister. "Relax, it's fine."

"Hey," Jaylinn says as she steps in front of me and MacKenzie. "Everything looks great."

I give her a curt nod, "Thanks. I'm glad you came."

MacKenzie elbows me in the side.

"You are?" Jay asks with uncertainty lacing her voice.

"Of course," I see Jackie, one of the bartenders, with a line at the bar. It's a perfect excuse to get the hell away from Jaylinn before I do something I regret. "I have to go help out; I'll see you all later."

My heart is hammering in my chest as I walk away. I can't believe she actually showed up here and was even speaking to me. When she left that night I thought it was final, like that was the end. I wish things could be different for us but they can't.

As the night progresses things start to settle down and I'm able to talk to my family again. It's near closing and the DJ has started playing a few slower songs. Hunter and MacKenzie, Jackson and Chloe are dancing closely in their own worlds, oblivious to everyone around them. Jaylinn disappeared hours ago; I'm assuming she's left and gone home. I don't blame her, I wasn't exactly welcoming.

Mason stands from the chair he was sitting on and yawns, "I'm getting out of here."

I stand up as well and I pull him in for a hug, "Thanks for coming, bro. Tell Hailey I'll stop by tomorrow to say bye before we leave."

"Will do, great job on the place by the way." Mason tells Eli who's sitting at the table with me.

"Thanks."

Mason walks over to our sister and brother and tells them goodbye. I sit down at the table and start pulling the label off of Mason's beer bottle that he left behind.

"Want to dance, handsome?" Jaylinn says as she slides a hand on Eli's shoulder. I guess she didn't leave.

Her voice makes my body ache for her, to tell her how sorry I am and that we can figure out a way to get past this road block.

Eli grabs her hand and leads her to the dance floor. They're swaying back and forth, talking to each other. I keep my emotions in check, this is my friend and my girl, they wouldn't do this to me, would they? I can't believe for a second that they would.

Hunter and MacKenzie both give me worried looks and I return the same look back. Jackson and Chloe are both looking like deer in headlights and it makes me chuckle.

"God, I've missed that sound." Jaylinn says, surprising me. I look up and she and Eli are both exchanging a silent conversation.

"Can you take over? I've got to go check on things downstairs." Eli asks.

He gives me a look that settles me. It's like he knows how I feel without saying the words out loud. He knows what he's doing is bothering me but by asking me to finish the dance he's telling me that he's not going after what I already claimed.

It's a vast reminder of what could be happening with someone else. Jaylinn could have brought a date here tonight and that would have been a slap in my face but she didn't.

I lead Jaylinn out on to the dance floor. She's a little hesitant at first, unsure if this is what she should be doing. She squeezes her eyes shut and when she opens them all her resolves slips away. Jaylinn places a hand on my shoulder and her other one over my heart. My breath catches for just a minute as I nuzzle my nose in her hair, reveling in the smell of her shampoo, it smells like sunshine.

I back away slightly and clear my throat, "How are you doing?"

"Honestly?"

I give her a sad smile, "Always."

She takes a deep breath and lets it out slowly. "I'm fine."

I c**k an eye brow, "You're lying."

Jaylinn rolls her eyes, "I'm fine, Cooper. I'm not perfect but I'm dealing."

Satisfied with her answer I bring her head to my chest and we sway back and forth to the beat of the music. She feels so f**king perfect wrapped in my arms. The smell of her hair and perfume settle something deep inside.

"I miss you, Cooper." Jaylinn looks up to me with unshed tears in her eyes.

I don't respond because I'm afraid of what I will say. I miss her too, probably more than she misses me. My heart is beating rapidly, I know she feels it. She still owns it and always will.

"I miss what we used to have." Her voice breaks.

I sigh in defeat because I do too. I miss it so f**king much, "Me too."

I want nothing more in the world than to claim her as mine but I failed her once and I can't do it again. I couldn't live with myself if I did.

"Things aren't the same anymore are they?" She asks calmly, with no lighting of her eyes, no smile dancing across her face.

I hold her close to me, regretting this dance, this heartache for the both of us, but in a way I feel like it's the closure we both need, the last play of the game. "People change, Jay. Memories don't. You're too good for me."

She tenses under my hold; I know my words struck a chord with her. There is a chill between us that grows by each second. She turns on her heel and runs to the door that leads downstairs. I stand there and stare at the door she just left through.

It was too soon for this, we're still too raw.

Hunter comes up beside me, "I'm trying to stay out of whatever the hell is going on with you two but you keep making it hard. Whatever it is, fix it before it can't be fixed." Hunter lets out a deep breath. "I don't want to pick between you and her but I will if I have to."

Hunter follows behind his sister as MacKenzie walks up next to me, followed by Jackson and Chloe.

"I'm sorry, Cooper." MacKenzie says as she wraps her arms around my neck.

"Me too. I just don't know what to do, Kenz."

MacKenzie puts a hand to the side of my face, "I know that you're holding back, Coop, but I don't understand why."

"It is me, I f**ked up and I don't know how to fix it."

MacKenzie kisses me on the cheek, "You're the smart twin, you'll figure out."

I chuckle, "Leave it to you to make me laugh."

"Love you."

"Love you too."

Jackson and I exchange a handshake, "I'll look out for her while you're gone. Don't worry about it, she'll be fine."

"Thanks man. I know she will be."

Chloe kisses me on the cheek and whispers in my ear, "You're the reason she'll be okay."

I wrap my arms around my sister in law, "Thanks."

When the door shuts behind them I walk over to the bar and grab a glass to pour myself a drink. What is that girl doing to my head? I thought everything was done and dusted.

19

Cooper's been gone for three weeks and I'm barely holding it together. I was doing just fine but that changed the second he left for spring training. There was just something comforting about knowing he was only around the corner if I really needed him. I got my closure the other night at the club, but if I called him I still know he'd be at my side. Now that he's gone everything in my life feels out of place, like the world has tipped on its axis. I'm not the type of person that gets overwhelmed; I always handle my problems head on, but with every day that passes I feel like the walls are caving in on me. Nothing is going right; nothing makes me happy, nothing is right in my world.

I've been hanging out with Hailey more than MacKenzie, Chloe, or even Layla because she can relate to what I'm going through. She's all alone on bed rest and just as lonely as I am. Plus I live for the phone calls from Mason that she gets. Mason gives her the play by play on how his day is going and I know that Cooper is basically doing the same thing. It's silly really to latch on to things like that but it's all I have left.

On the days I have class I normally hang around and wait for Layla to get done with her classes. I've more or less become her taxi cab and I don't mind. It gives me something to do with my time. Layla and I had a heart to heart about Cooper shortly after our "breakup". I didn't give her the whole story but enough of it to satisfy her and give her an understanding of what I was going through. When I was done telling her the story, I told her I was over it and ready to move on. She didn't believe me for a second, I'm not surprised by that either. The more that Layla and I hung out, the closer we became and I realized that in some ways we were a lot alike, but in some we were very, very different.

"You've been in a funk since opening night at Fierce." Layla complains.

It's true, I have been. I used to feel like I was always moving two steps forward after that horrific night with Kevin. But now with everything I do I feel like I'm taking three steps back.

Sighing, "I know, I have been." I agree.

"You need a little fun in your life."

Layla has been pushing me to go out on a date, to have a little fun. She's told me on more than one occasion that all I do is mope around. Unfortunately she's right, but it's the only way I can manage.

Thursday afternoon, in between classes, we're sitting under one of the trees in the court yard. She points to a few guys that walk by.

"He's cute." Layla says, pointing to a tall skinny kid walking by.

I like a guy with some meat on his body, a nice smile, and beautiful eyes. Blue grey eyes that belong to someone I'll never have again.

"Clearly we have different taste," I start to say before a guy that looks similar to Cooper walks by, "because..." I've completely lost my train of thought. The guy is dressed in black sneakers, tan cargo shorts and a black t-shirt that clings to his upper body. He's got a black hat that's pulled down low over his eyes, his jaw is strong and he carries himself with confidence.

Layla starts laughing, "Well, now we know what type of guy you're into."

The guy takes a seat at a bench not too far from where we are sitting and takes out a book from his book bag.

I glare at Layla, "Shut up."

We were sitting here laughing and having a great time until her ass**le boyfriend, Brian, shows up and rains on our parade. Layla's demeanor changes instantly, she becomes a different person. She turns unsure and nervous.

"You have a way home?" Brian asks before kissing her on the lips.

I roll my eyes and look away.

Layla narrows her eyes at me, "Shithead here is taking me to work."

Brian kisses her again before adjusting his book bag on his shoulder. "I'll see you tomorrow."

"Bye." Layla says timidly.

The second Brian leaves Layla becomes her normal self again. She's like this every time Brian is around. Something is off with him but I'm just not sure what it is.

"Why do you do that?" I ask, annoyed by the fact that he has so much control over her.

She shrugs and takes a bite of a carrot stick from a container in her purse.

I roll my eyes, "You never answer me." I slide my sunglasses down on my nose. "Why?"

She starts to shrug her shoulder again.

"Ugh," I push my sunglasses back up and grab my Kindle out of my purse. I started a really great book last night and I want to finish it.

Layla clears her throat, "So what are your plans for tonight?"

"Oh, now you want to talk." I respond, clearly irritated. "I've got to go over to Chloe's and help get a few things ready for Hailey's baby shower."

She bites down on her carrot and looks over across the way. I turn to see what's caught her attention. Ryan. Here we go again.

I place my Kindle back in my bag. I guess I'll have to finish it tonight when I get home. I start gathering my books and Layla does the same.

"Hurry up." I urge her.

She giggles, "You know, you should just go out on a date with him and make it painfully boring and then maybe he'll leave you alone."

"Hey Jay." Ryan says in a low husky voice that comes out more like a growl.

"Oh hey Ryan, Layla and I are on our way out. She's going to be late for work."

Layla flat out laughs and I glare at her. She isn't helping me whatsoever. "Oh yeah? Where do you work at Layla?"

"That new b---" Layla starts to say before I cut her off. "That new bistro down off College Drive." I glance back over, hoping she's going to play along.

"Yeah," Ryan reaches up and scratches at the scruff around his face. "I've heard it was pretty nice."

I raise my eyebrows at Layla whose eyes are jumping back and forth between Ryan and I. There isn't a new bistro that opened up on College Drive, not that I know of. Clearly he's just trying to keep the conversation going.

"Well, we've got to get going. We'll talk to you later." I grab Layla's arm and drag her along behind me.

When we've gotten a few feet from him I spin on Layla, "Thanks for f**king helping me."

She puts a hand up to cover her mouth, I know she's laughing but she also knows I'm pissed off.

"I'm sorry. Who knew you could think so quick on your feet." She snorts. "Is there really a new bistro on College Drive?"

"No," I smile. "I totally pulled that out of my ass."

Layla frowns, "Poor guy."

I narrow my eyes at her, "Poor guy? What about poor me?"

"Just go out with him, get it over with and be done with him." Layla says seriously as we reach my car. I hit the unlock button and we climb in.

"I don't think that's going to get rid of him."

"You'll never know."

She's right, I may never know. I mean, I could just go out on one date, in a public place, make it the most mind-numbing date ever and pray he doesn't ask for another.

Sighing, "I'll think about it."

She reaches up to change the radio station. "Good."

As I drive to drop Layla off the reality hits me that Cooper and I really are done. I'll never have his strong arms wrapped around me late at night when it's just the two of us. He's not going to be there to dry the tears that are now falling down my face. My stomach tightens at the thought of starting a new relationship.

"Jay," Layla places her hand on my arm offering me comfort. "I know it's hard and scary but you're too amazing to be sitting here wallowing. If Cooper doesn't see what he lost out on then that's on him."

She's right, I know she is. It's time to put my broken heart in a box and tuck it on the shelf in my closet. It's time to move on.

After I dropped Layla off at her house I head over to Chloe's where MacKenzie is meeting us to go over the plans for Hailey's shower in a few weeks. We planned the shower on the weekend that Mason and Cooper come home as a little surprise to Hailey. She thinks they'll be home the last week in March but they'll actually be home the weekend before. It hasn't been easy to keep it from Hailey when on a daily basis she's crying because she misses him. So I think this extra little surprise will make it even better for her.

"I can't believe she's almost due." Chloe says as she rolls up a diaper and secures it with a rubber band.

The three of us are working on a diaper cake for Hailey. It's a four tier cake with all kinds of goodies wrapped in and around the cake. Since they don't know the sex of the twins we are keeping it all natural colors with the jungle theme they picked out.

MacKenzie huffs, "I know and she has to be going crazy being stuck inside the house twenty-four hours a day. I'd go insane."

I pick up a piece of ribbon and secure it around the bottom layer. "She is going insane." I laugh. "Just last night I swear I heard her in her room having a full blown conversation with herself."

Chloe and MacKenzie stop what they're doing, look at each other and burst out laughing.

"Poor girl." I say.

Chloe wipes the tears from her eyes, "That's what she gets for messing with Mason. We know which Cahill has the super sperm."

MacKenzie grimaces. "That's gross." She shudders. "I don't want to know about my brother's super sperm."

Chloe giggle, "Don't worry Kenz, Hunter's got the sexy sperm."

My eyebrows furrow, "Sexy sperm?"

Chloe rolls her eyes, "Your brother's f**king hot."

"Oh my God."

MacKenzie gets the dreamy look on her face, "He is f**king sexy."

"Please," I beg. "Can we talk about something other than sperm and how hot and sexy my brother is? I'm trying to keep my lunch down."

"You know who else is sexy?" Chloe asks with a sly smile.

MacKenzie bites, "Who?"

Chloe looks over in my direction and winks, "Eli."

"Oh hell," Just the mention of his name and my cheeks start to burn. Damn it.

"Hmm." MacKenzie moans, her eyes sparkling with mischief. "He is sexy." She agrees.

Chloe points to me. "Look at you blushing."

I shrug, trying to play it off. "What?" My voice is somewhat squeaky. "I can't help it."

MacKenzie sighs, "I wonder what he's hiding under that shirt of his."

I c**k an eyebrow at her, "More than you can handle, honey."

Both girls burst out into a fit of laughter. I needed this tonight with the girls. I just needed that connection, to feel close to the family I feel like I'm losing now that I'm not a part of Cooper's life.

Once we've settled down Chloe asks, "Have you seen what's under it?"

I shrug; acting like it's no big deal that I have. "Yeah."

"And..." MacKenzie probes.

"It's perfect, flawless." I bite down on the corner of my lip. "Damn near magical." There is nothing wrong with admiring his perfection. Nothing at all if you ask me. Eli is a huge flirt but that's as far as it will ever go. He knows when he uses his charm on me it gets a rise out of me so he does it often.

Chloe asks with wide eyes, "You've seen him shirtless?"

And now my whole body blushes, "I've seen him dripping wet and in a towel. A couple of years ago he was showering at Mason and Cooper's and he walked out just as I was going into Cooper's room."

The three of us sigh heavily, each lost in our own thoughts of what Eli looks like without a shirt on, but my mind wanders to Cooper's impeccable body. His strong and muscular body, the years he's spent in the gym and playing baseball have done his physique wonders.

Ugh, I have got to stop thinking like that.

"So," I brace my hands on the kitchen table, "I think I'm going to start dating again."

MacKenzie smiles sweetly, "I think that's great Jay."

My stomach gets little butterflies. "Really?"

Chloe speaks up, "I think you need to do what makes you happy. If you think you're ready to date then do it."

Sighing heavily, "I'm not sure I'm ready but I think I want to try and see how it goes."

MacKenzie covers my hand with hers and gives a little squeeze. "Don't let him hold you back Jaylinn. He's an idiot for letting you go and he'll realize that when it's too late."

A mischievous smile spreads across Chloe's beautiful face.

"What?" I ask.

"What about Eli?"

I shake my head shooting her idea down, "Bros before hoes."

"I think you should try." Chloe looks over to MacKenzie, probably gauging her reaction to creating a plan that could possibly hurt her brother. Her face is neutral, no worry etched on her face.

"I think I need a drink."

Chloe walks over to her fridge and pulls out a bottle of wine.

"Oh great," MacKenzie put her hands on her hips. "Nothing good can come from that bottle but I'm damn glad I'm not breast feeding anymore."

MacKenzie walks over and takes the glasses that Chloe is pulling from the cabinet. She places them on the table where we're working and fills them with white wine. Thankfully, I have nowhere to be tonight so I can drink and, worst case scenario, Jackson can drive me home or I can crash on the couch.

Two diaper cakes, two diaper babies and two bottles of wine later, the three of us are feeling no pain at all.

MacKenzie stumbles into the living room and face plants on the couch. She lies there for a minute not moving and I'm not even sure she's breathing until she starts giggle uncontrollably.

"I love you." MacKenzie announces.

I look over to Chloe and snicker, "Who do you love, weirdo?"

"You."

MacKenzie rolls and when she does she rolls right off the couch. Chloe and I start laughing as MacKenzie lays on the floor pouting.

"Help me."

I shake my head. "Nope, you're better off there."

MacKenzie hasn't drank much at all lately because of Ryder and Olivia so between the three of us finishing off those bottles she's pretty much tanked. I don't drink much either and I'm feeling pretty good, I don't have a care in the world. My past isn't trying to become my present.

"You're the worst sister-in-laws ever." MacKenzie whines.

I set my now empty wine glass on the living room table, get on my hands and knees and crawl over to her on the floor. Chloe follows suit. I lay my head on MacKenzie stomach and Chloe lays hers on mine.

"This is sad." Chloe says as she starts cackling again.

"You're sad?" MacKenzie asks.

I shake my head at my sister-in-law. "No idiot," I say laughing. "She said that this is sad."

Jackson comes into view, although he's upside down. He clears his throat. "You three are sad." He says chuckling.

"Hey!" The three of us say in unison.

Jackson sits on a black leather recliner across from us. "What? It's the truth. I came home to put Alex up to bed and come back down to find three of my favorite girls lying on the floor looking half asleep with silly smiles plastered on your faces.

Suddenly MacKenzie sits up straight, causing my head to fall into her lap, "Mason has super sperm, Jackson."

Jackson sits back in the recliner and groans. "I don't care about my brother's sperm."

"Well if it makes you feel any better my brother has sexy sperm."

Jackson scrubs his face with his hands. "Let's not talk about sperm at all."

Chloe sits up and crawls on all fours over to her husband. Jackson's eyes turn into liquid before he reaches down and pulls Chloe onto his lap.

"I wanna go home." MacKenzie complains.

Jackson looks over at his sister and shakes his head. "Let's go little one. I'll drive you home."

MacKenzie attempts to stand and falls over several times. I roll over on my stomach and lay my head on the plush carpet, suddenly feeling very tired.

"How much did you girls have to drink?" Jackson asks.

Chloe yawns, "Two bottles."

Jackson scuffs, "That's it?"

Chloe throws a pillow at him but misses and hit MacKenzie square in the face.

"Hey." She says after pushing some of her hair out of her face.

"Sorry." Chloe says laughing.

"She's not sorry." I say, laughing as well.

Jackson swears, "You're all light weights."

The three of us grunt a response.

"You need a ride too, Jay?" Jackson asks. He has to pick up MacKenzie and throw her over his shoulder.

"Can you carry me too?" I yawn. "I'm too tired to move."

Chloe throws a blanket at me and I grab the pillow she threw at MacKenzie. "She's staying the night." Chloe tells Jackson as I drift off into nothingness.

Nothingness changes into fear and panic as the memories hit me hard once again. I lay on the floor in Chloe and Jackson's living room, counting to ten to calm myself down. After a while I don't hear anyone which is good because how would I ever explain this to them? How would I explain a monster under my bed when I'm a grown adult?

I fold the blanket and put the pillow back on the recliner and go about collecting my things and heading home, not wanting to face them in the morning if they did in fact hear me.

20

Two more weeks.

Just two more weeks until I'm back on a plane and on my way home.

"Pay attention, ass**le." Mason yells at me from the pitcher's mound.

I can't get my head into the game. I've got too much going round in my mind and nothing I do is stopping my thoughts from wandering to Jaylinn and how the club is doing. I haven't been able to check in with Eli as much as I want since we barely get any down time.

Standing, I take off my helmet and wipe my forehead with the back of my hand. I'm tired, hungry, and it's blazing hot today. I also did something to my elbow when Martinez ran into me coming home. I threw the ball to Paul, the second baseman, and I felt something pull in my elbow at the same time Martinez's helmet connected with it.

"What's going on with you?" Mason gripes. He's pissed because I'm not giving him the signals I know what he wants, but I'm trying to keep from using my left arm as much as possible.

I shake my head, unsure of what to tell him that will make him back off. "Sorry, bro."

It's late in the afternoon and thankfully nothing is planned tonight so we have some free time. I need this time to rest my body and clear my mind. I want to call and check in with everyone. I really want to find out how Jaylinn is doing. Since it's only Mason and I that are away I don't have a f**king clue what's going on with her back home. I've tried asking Mason about her in a roundabout way but he gives me nothing.

Mason throws the ball into his mitt, "You ready to get the f**k out of here?"

He doesn't have to ask me twice. "Let's go." The rest of the team took off an hour or so ago and it's just the two of us left here, putting in a little extra practice.

Mason and I go back to the locker room to shower and change. I push my wallet into my back pocket and look over at Mason. He's smiling stupidly at his phone. Hailey is probably taking more na**d pictures and sending them to him for his spank bank.

Rolling my eyes, I grab my bag and step outside so that I can give Eli a call and check in on things back home.

The sun beats down on me again as I pull my phone from my pocket and dial Eli's number. It's just after dinner so he should be at the club getting ready for the night.

"What's up, Cooper?" Eli says when he answers the phone.

"Just calling to check in. Things have been busy, as you can imagine, and I'm not getting as much time as I thought I would." I say, attempting to explain why I haven't called in two weeks before he even asks.

"Yeah, yeah I get it." His voice sounds tired and stressed, mirroring my own. "Things are going good. I had to let one of the bartenders go last night though."

I feel a pang of guilt; this is why I should be there, for all this kind of stuff. It's not fair that I've dumped all this on him. When we first started talking about opening the club I stressed to him that this could happen and he said it was completely fine and he could handle it.

"Who was it?"

Eli sighs, "Bri."

I didn't have a good feeling when Eli hired her but I didn't say anything, figuring it was just me being extra picky.

"What happened?"

I hear him shuffling papers, "Her drawer was almost one hundred and fifty dollars short."

"Damn." We set up each bartender with their own drawers so they would be held responsible for anything that went in and out of it.

"Exactly.

"How's everything else? Jaylinn?"

Eli sighs heavily, "She's moving on."

"Moving on?"

"Look, I don't want to tell you this but you need to know. I don't think it's my place but whatever." Eli curses under his breath. "She came in the other night with someone."

God damn it. I look up to the sky and shake my head, annoyed, pissed, you name it, I feel it. I knew this was coming but in some sick kind of way I was hoping she'd wait it out a little longer. Like forever.

"After they left I asked Layla about it," Eli continues. "She said it was some guy from her class."

Fuck. I rub my hand over my chest in an attempt to ease the stabbing pain in my heart. It doesn't help at all. If anything it just spreads the feeling over my entire body, makes me feel like I can't breathe and my arms and legs go numb.

"From what I saw they didn't seem to be having a good time. The dude was tall as hell and they just looked f**king weird together."

He's trying to make the situation better for me but no matter what it's not going to hurt any less. I can't be what she needs and I should be happy that she's moving on with her life but I'm not. Not at all.

"Hold on a second, someone's at the door." Eli yells at whoever it is to come in. "Oh hey," Eli clears his throat. "Um, have a seat. I'm just finishing up my conversation."

My heart stops beating when Jaylinn's voice replies, "I can come back."

I take the phone away from my ear and hang my head. What is going on? Why is she there? I reluctantly put the phone back to my ear.

"Cooper?" Eli calls.

"Yeah I'm here." I say defeated, my heart shattering in a million pieces.

"Well besides that everything else is going fine. Oh and everything at your house is fine too. I've been stopping by every other day to get the mail and shit." Eli speaks quickly. He knows that I heard her.

"And you're taking care of her too I see." I don't have to say her name. Not only did I ask Eli to check on my house but I asked that he kept an eye on Jaylinn as well. I know she's going to be spending some time there with Layla working at the bar when I'm not around.

Eli huffs, "It's not like that dude."

"I know, I'm being an ass**le." I rub the sweat from my forehead. "How is she doing, really?"

"Pretty well." He's not providing details which means she's still in his office.

I lean back against the warm wall and put my hand in my pocket. "That's good."

"Yeah."

Mason walks out and looks right and then left before spotting me. I nod my head towards the car and I follow behind him.

"Well I'll let you go. I'll call tomorrow before my late morning practice." I tell Eli.

Jaylinn laughs at something and it's a kick to my gut.

Eli clears his throat, "Sounds good man."

"Later."

I end the call before he can even reply back. I didn't need to hear anything else. I have enough thoughts running through my head of what could be going on. I know Eli wouldn't put the moves on Jaylinn but in the pit of my stomach something doesn't feel right. From the way Eli talks about Layla I thought for sure he would try to go after her. I've warned him that she had a boyfriend but he didn't seem too concerned about it.

Mason starts up the car after I've climbed in and closed the door.

"You hungry?" I ask.

Mason looks at me like I just said something stupid, "Do you even need to ask?"

We stop at a steak house on the way home. It's the first real meal we've had since getting here. Like I said, we don't really get any down time.

I rest my elbows on the table and immediately cringe from the sharp pain that shoots right up my arm.

Fuck.

"You f**ked up your elbow didn't you?" Mason asks, gauging my reaction.

"No." I say through clinched teeth.

"You're a hard headed ass**le you know that?" Mason shakes his head giving that look I know. "You need to get that shit checked out."

I cradle my left elbow to my stomach and rest my right arm on the table. "I'm fine."

Mason snorts and takes another swig of his beer. The waitress comes over and we place our order for food and Mason orders us a shot.

"You need something for that elbow." He states, finishing off his beer.

I pick up my beer now that I've finally got the pain to stop radiating up my arm, and guzzle half of it in one pull. I wipe my mouth with my arm, "Yeah maybe I do."

I'll never tell Mason how bad it really hurts. I'm not a pu**y, I'll watch it for the next day or so and everything will be fine again. I down the rest of my beer as the waitress sets our shots down on the table.

We down them quickly, and a few more after that, and talk shit about the other guys on the team. Who looks good, who is playing like shit, who's not going to make it through the season. A few girls have come over to our table and tried to flirt with us but we both blew them off. There's no way I could even think about another girl right now and neither would Mason.

"You ready to get out of here?" Mason asks.

I roll my neck, feeling the stiffness settling deep into my muscles. "Yeah, but stop at the liquor store first."

Mason chuckles, "That's what I thought." Asshole just had to rub it in my face that he's right about my elbow killing me.

I give him the finger and make my way to the bathroom before we leave. When I get back to the table Mason has paid the bill and is waiting for me at the bar.

"Ready?"

"Yup, let's get the hell out of here."

We stop and pick up a twelve pack before we head back to our place.

"Coach is going to f**king rip us a new ass tomorrow, you know this right?" Mason says as he places the bottle opener over the bottle cap and pops it off.

I shrug, not really giving a shit. "Won't be the first or the last."

Sitting down on the couch, I take the beer Mason hands me. He walks back out to the kitchen to turn off the light before joining me in the living room. I scroll through the channels trying to find something on TV, bringing my beer up to my mouth and taking a swig. I stop on Transformers and decide to watch it since there doesn't seem to be anything better on. Megatron is blowing shit up.

"I never thought I would say this but I really don't want to be here. I feel like I'm failing Hailey by leaving her all alone." Mason says taking a swig of his beer. "She cries every time we talk."

I nod, "Nah, you're not. She knows the role and if she wasn't up for it she wouldn't have stayed around."

"You miss Jay?"

Inhaling sharply I narrow my eyes at my brother. "What the hell would make you ask that?"

He shrugs then sits up and takes his shirt off. "Just a question bro, relax."

I turn back to the movie; I'm watching it but not really paying attention to all the action on the screen. I lay my head back and close my eyes, an image of Jaylinn comes to the forefront of my vision; she's lying in my bed with her chocolate colored hair fanned out across my pillow. She's giving me a shy innocent smile, lying there with my number five baseball jersey on and a pair of panties. She's beautiful. Her pretty blue eyes speak volumes to me, she's turned on and wants me.

Mason kicks my foot. "Don't fall asleep on me. We've still got four beers to go."

I glare hard at Mason for interrupting my day dream. "I'm not sleeping ass**le, just resting my eyes."

"That's what you always say."

I f**king miss my girl. There is no doubt that I will never get over the feeling that I've lost something that was so important to me. She'll always be there, within reaching distance but far enough away that I'll never be able to hold her. Things are so f**ked up.

I reach up and grip my hair in my hands. "I miss her." I mumble. I don't know if Mason could have even heard me.

"About f**king time you admitted it."

I sit up and rest my elbows on my knees and hiss as the pain shoots up my left arm again. "Fuck." I rub my left elbow with my right hand, massaging the pain away. "What the hell do I do, Mason?"

Mason takes a swig of his beer, "I don't know because I don't know what happened."

And there it is; the root of my problem. I haven't told a single person about that night, or what the problem really is, because I made a promise that I wouldn't tell anyone. I just don't know what to do to move past it, so that we can be together like she and I both want.

"I can't, Mason. I made a promise and I can't break that." I explain.

Mason watches me for a long minute. "Sometimes those promises are meant to be broken."

I think back to the one promise I made to myself and broke it. When I agreed to let her come to that party, I promised I would keep an eye out for her and make sure she didn't get into any trouble. Look where that got me.

I go into the kitchen and grab another beer for the both of us. I walk back into the living room and hand it Mason.

"You're going to need that." I sit down next to him and replay the night of the party for him giving him the play by play up until I realized Jaylinn was missing.

"Okay, I don't see any problems." Mason says looking confused like he's missing a part of the story.

My body starts to shake and sweat as flashes of Kevin hovering over a na**d Jaylinn surface. I grip the end of the couch and take a few calming breaths.

"I looked for her everywhere. No one had seen where she went. I ran upstairs and started looking in all the rooms but they all came up empty. I was staring at the last door and I knew something wasn't right." My stomach tightens. "No one would answer the door but I knew someone was in there, I heard the whimpering. I broke the door down and..." I swallow hard and Mason curses. "Kevin was laying there on top of Jaylinn. I yanked him off and when I got a glance at Jay all I saw was red, Mase. Fucking red." I rub at my knuckles. "I kept hitting him in the face until he finally stopped fighting back. He f**king drugged her, Mason, she couldn't move, he blindfolded her too." My stomach rolls. "When I got a closer look at her she had a hand print on her right cheek, it was bruising already. I pulled the blindfold off her and her mascara was running down her face."

Mason's face is red, his eyes wide and panicked. "He didn't did he? Please, God, tell me he didn't."

I shake my head, my eyes on the floor. "He didn't. I made it just in time."

"Thank f**king God." Mason sighs in relief.

I continue on, "Do you know what it felt like to have to dress her Mase? She was f**king helpless. She couldn't move, couldn't even lift her head." I pound my fist on the couch. "After I got her dressed I told her I had to get her out of there. I wanted to take her to the hospital but she wasn't having it. She begged me to take her home with me." Angry tears slip from my eyes; I reach up and wipe them away. "I love that f**king girl, Mason. I have for a long time but I denied myself because I didn't think she had feelings for me." I wipe more tears away. "Every damn time I see Jaylinn na**d I see him on top of her. I can't get it out of my head."

I sit up and pinch the bridge of my nose. I laid it all out for Mason and while it hurts like a son of a bitch to relive that night again I feel a sense of relief. A weight has lifted and I finally feel like the dark cloud is turning into a gloomy sky.

"Damn, Coop." Mason curses. "No f**king wonder you pushed her away. How the hell have you been dealing with this and not saying anything to anyone?"

I scrub my face with my hands. "I just have. There was no other way until now."

"Cooper," Mason says in a commanding tone. "You shouldn't have kept all that in." Mason places a hand on my shoulder, offering his support. "You should have come to me a long time ago Cooper. That's some heavy shit neither of you should have handled on your own."

"I made a promise. I don't break them."

"Like I said, some promises are meant to be broken."

"Mase, you of all people should know what it's like to protect the ones you love. Look what you went through last year with Hailey. I was doing what I thought I needed to do."

Maybe I should have told someone about what happened sooner. Maybe I wouldn't be stuck in the past. I felt weak though; powerless, consumed by a memory I couldn't shake.

"How do you feel now?" Mason asks.

"Relieved that I told you," I admit. "Do you know how many times I've wanted to say something?"

"You should have." Mason looks over towards the TV, lost in thought. "How did you go around campus knowing he was still out there? Did you worry he would come back after her?"

I huff, "Nah, Eli and I took care of it."

Mason looks back over at me with a raised eyebrow.

I shrug, "He got what he deserved and more. We beat the shit out of him, planted some drugs on him and called the cops. He was expelled from school and we haven't heard a word from him."

Mason cracks a smile. "That's how you handled it. But wait, didn't Eli ask questions?"

"Nope, apparently he had some paybacks himself for some shit that went down back in high school."

"So what now?" Mason asks after a few silent minutes.

I shrug, "I don't know."

The corner of Mason's mouth pulls up, "There is no place like home plate, Coop. You need to talk to her; you can't let her walk away. I promise you that you'll regret it for the rest of your life if you don't at least try."

He's right, absolutely right. I want that home plate, I just have to figure out how to make it mine without f**king it up again.

Can I move forward and leave the past where it belongs? If I want my heart back then yeah, the past needs to be buried in the past. I just hope it's not too late.

I say goodnight to Mason and head off to bed. I strip out of my shorts and t-shirt and climb under the cool sheets. I lie on my side and swipe my finger across my iPhone, tapping on the photos and scrolling through the pictures. When I find the one that I want, the one of Jaylinn lying on her back on the beach smiling up at me, I smile too.

I want more of those smiling pictures.

21

Friday night Layla drags me to Fierce. Okay, she didn't have to drag me but it took a little convincing on her part. I figured I might as well go since I have absolutely nothing else to do.

I arrive a little after ten and head to the bar when I spot Layla behind it. I sit on an empty stool beside Eli, my hands resting on the bar but nervously fidgeting.

"Hey," Eli leans over and kisses my cheek, making me fidget even more.

"It's pretty busy tonight, huh?" The club is packed which seems normal for the weekends.

"Yeah it's been pretty steady ever since we opened." Eli explains, seeming satisfied with the turn-out.

I look towards all the people dancing, having a good old time. I wish I was as carefree as them.

"Cooper and Mason come home Sunday, right?"

I nod, "Yup. Mason is surprising Hailey at the baby shower."

"That's cool. Cooper mentioned something like that now that I think about it."

At the mention of his name my mood shifts. I get angry. I don't understand why he can't get over it.

"Speaking of Cooper, did you figure that curve ball out yet?"

Layla puts a lemon drop in front of me and before I can say thank you, she's taking care of another customer. Everywhere I look there's people surrounding us but I feel alone, like no one understands. It's dim in the bar, like most are, and it fits my mood perfectly, dark and gloomy.

"No, not yet." I don't look over at him; instead my eyes are on my drink and the sugar crystals lining the rim of the glass.

This is a weird conversation to be having with Cooper's friend. Bringing the drink to my lips, the sweetness hits me first, then the sour.

"I can help you with it." He says, nudging my shoulder with his. My body rocks sideways a little but I catch myself and set my drink down on the bar.

I scoff and stare at the wall where all the bottles of alcohol are lined up. "You can't do that." I say quietly but it's loud enough that he hears me. "That's breaking code."

Eli tips his head back and laughs loud, "What do you know about breaking code? Plus who says I'm breaking it? I'm just going to ride the fine line."

I narrow my eyes, "What are you up to, Eli?"

"Listen and learn, pretty lady." He turns me to face him, his eyes sparkling with mischief.

Eli and I talk for hours, laughing and scheming. It's probably wrong that we're doing this but Eli bet me an entire month of his pay from the club that it will work. One date and a little flirting from Eli will send Cooper into a tailspin.

So we've set the plan in motion, now I just need the courage to carry it out.

Andrew, Cooper's dad, is on his way to go pick Cooper and Mason up from the airport. Hailey is upstairs in bed where she belongs while MacKenzie, Chloe, Elle, my mom and I are converting the downstairs for Hailey's baby shower. Hailey's mom wasn't able to make it because she had plans she couldn't get out of with her other daughter. Hailey didn't really seem to care in the least, probably one less thing for her to worry about. The doctor gave her strict rules that she is not to leave the house. We were planning to have the baby shower here anyway just because of the bed rest rules from earlier on in her pregnancy. She went to the doctors late last week and her blood pressure was high. The stress of Mason not being around is affecting her more than she'll admit.

I'm wrapping crepe paper down her railing when Hailey drops a couple of f-bombs. I'm glad Alex and Ryder aren't near to hear her. That's all they need to hear, those little bad asses would definitely repeat it and at the most inappropriate times too.

Chloe ties an umbrella shaped balloon from the railing. She snorts, "Has she been doing that a lot?"

"When doesn't she do that?" We all found out early on that Hailey hates being pregnant. She loves the babies but just never ever wants to carry them again.

Chloe laughs, "True. Think she's okay?"

I yell up the stairs, "Hails, are you alright?"

"No, I'm convinced these babies hate me already." She yelps. "I swear they are going to crack one of my ribs with the way they kick."

I raise my eyebrows at Chloe, "She's perfectly happy."

She shakes her head and goes out the front door to hang more balloons out front. Mom, MacKenzie and Elle are in the kitchen getting all the food prepped for the guests that will be arriving in a half an hour.

The house fills quickly with family and friends. Everyone is standing around chatting and catching up.

MacKenzie comes to stand by the front door, "Mase said they're around the corner." She whispers.

"I hope this doesn't put her into labor." I look over to MacKenzie hoping she'll put the thoughts in my head to rest.

"You never know what'll happen. Look what happened with Ms. Olivia, she couldn't wait to make her grand entrance." MacKenzie peeks out the door. "They're here."

I run into the kitchen to let Elle know that Mason is here. We all run over to the door and greet him when he opens it. He gives us each a hug before he makes a beeline to his fiance. This wasn't part of the plan but there was no stopping him.

The room gets quiet and we all wait for Hailey to notice Mason. MacKenzie grabs a hold of my arm and Chloe takes my other one.

"Oh my..." Hailey starts to cry and I think every female in this house gets teary eyed. We can all hear Hailey sobbing from upstairs.

After a few minutes we gather everyone in the living room. We decide to play a game giving Hailey and Mason a few minutes of alone time.

Eventually they make their way downstairs. We start the party after Hailey has made her way around the room. Mason is holding Hailey's hand, never letting her get out of reach. He helps Hailey with all the presents that everyone brought for them and the smile that touches his face never falters. It's nice to see that by the end of the shower, Mason and Hailey are pretty much set for the delivery of the babies.

I'm envious of my friend; she's living a dream of mine, a dream that is so far out of reach for me right now. I want what they have. The way Mason adores her, the way you can see it in his eyes that nothing means more to him than her. I want the happiness that I see radiating off her, the dreaminess in her eyes that tells me she knows her life is perfect. She has my dream life. Everything I want, she's living it. It pains me to be jealous of her but I can't help it, not when I can't have what I want.

Cooper never showed up at the shower and I assumed that maybe it was because of me. Monday evening rolls around and I'm on my way to the soccer field to meet my group of girls for the first time. I was lucky enough to get my own group this year as opposed to last year when I was assistant coach.

Twelve out of my thirteen girls showed up for practice, a pretty good turnout for the first day. I have them start with a jog around the field to warm up their bodies. Then I send them into the center of the field for some stretching to loosen up. After that we did some dribbling exercises up and down the field. We also took some practice shots from the corner and also six and eighteen yard line shots.

My assistant coach, Kelly, stays back assessing the players and takes some notes on where some girls would be positioned. After about an hour and a half practice is over and the girl's parents start to arrive to pick them up.

I'm collecting all the cones when I hear my name being called. I turn and see Hunter jogging towards me.

"Hey, what are you doing here?" I ask, surprised to see my brother .

He puts his hands on hips, "We've got to go. Hailey's in labor."

My eyes go wide in surprise, "Seriously?"

Hunter nods, "Let's go."

Hunter helps me carry the cones back to my car and we discard them in the trunk. I look down at my attire, I'm wearing Nike shorts and an old tank top that I've been sweating in. I'm not exactly clean and dressed to go to the hospital. "Uh, Hunter, I think I should go home first and change."

He looks over at what I'm wearing and then down at himself. He's got a pair of gym shorts and a sleeveless shirt. "I'm not exactly dressed for it either but I don't want to miss Mason's reaction when he comes out to tell us what the sex is."

I smirk picturing the reaction in my mind. "You're right, let's go."

We arrive at the hospital shortly after leaving the field and we find everyone in the waiting room. Everyone is here including the kids, the Cahill's and McCormick's taking over the majority of the waiting room. Each person is betting on what the sex is going to be and even passing money around to officially place the bets. Andrew is keeping track for all of us. I guess that they are going to have two girls as did MacKenzie, Hunter and Chloe. Andrew is the only one who said two boys and Jackson, Elle and my mom said one of each.

Three hours later Mason comes walking out the double doors wiping at his face. Andrew walks up to his son and brings him in for a hug. Mason wipes his face again as we all stand there waiting, and not very patiently I might I add.

"Well..." MacKenzie starts to say.

"Alexis Kamryn was born at seven eleven. She's the smaller one, only five pounds two ounces." Mason reaches up to wipe another tear away. All the girls squeal. "Caleb Anthony was born at seven twenty and weighs five pounds eight ounces."

MacKenzie is first to throw herself in her brother's arms, congratulating him, and then the rest of us follow suit. After a few minutes Mason says to follow him and we do, anxious to get our first glimpse at the new beautiful babies being given a bath in the nursery. They're both screaming, probably wishing that they could go back in where they came out.

We're all standing around oooh'ing and aaah'ing and I find myself separated, just slightly away from the group. I have my hands planted on the railing in front of the window as a few tears slide down my face. She has my life, a perfectly f**king gorgeous life. I want that so badly.

Why can't I have it?

Someone nudges me with their shoulder and I sigh, a smile graces my lips, tender, but there. I don't even need to look to see who it is because I can smell the dirt and grass mixed with the clean scent that Cooper carries about himself. My body knows he's close and has me leaning towards him, wanting just a touch, if only brief.

"You okay?" He asks, staring at his niece and nephew. The sound of his voice sends my pulse racing.

"They're perfect." I respond because I don't want to answer his question. I'm not okay.

Cooper mumbles what seems like, 'so are you', but I can't be certain. We stand there for a while lost in our own thoughts but not looking at each other. A few of us at a time stop in and check on Hailey and congratulate her and then, when we've all had our turns we each go our separate ways.

Why can't I have that?

Because I can't seem to even follow his lead. I could change it right now if I want to. I don't though. Something is holding me here, living this life because I'm afraid of that other one. I wish I could just let go as easily as he did.

If I ever want that life, I have to live by the saying that's bared on my soul and inhale the future, whatever it may be. If I want a future with Cooper, what's stopping me?

Cooper catches me in the lobby of the hospital on my way out.

"Jay," Cooper jogs over to me. "You didn't answer me up there."

I c**k my head to the side, he's kidding me right? "No Coop, I'm not okay. Do you expect me to be?" My anger slips, I've held back for too long. "I'm jealous of my best friends and my brother; they have what I want and can't have. So, now you know. I'm not okay." I turn and walk away.

I really hope Eli's plan works because if it doesn't I don't know what I'm going to do.

22

Being home and in my own bed is the greatest feeling in the world. Well, not the greatest, but it's pretty f**king good. Despite my best efforts to ignore it, my elbow continued to constantly ache out on the road. In the end, the coaches noticed and made me go have it checked out. Turned out to be a bruise on the bone and some swelling, nothing serious but it hurts like a son of a bitch. I'm glad we have this two week break before the season starts so I can rest it.

Wednesday evening I decide to take my bike out for a ride. The weather is perfect, not too cold, not too hot. It's probably not the best idea with my elbow pain but I think I can handle it. I need the speed, the adrenaline rush, the wind whipping around me to clear my head.

I know that I want Jaylinn back, I don't want to be apart from her any longer but I'm not sure how to prove it to her; or even how I go about telling her that. Plus I broke my promise about not telling anyone what happened to her. When she finds that out, it might well and truly be the last inning for us.

I grab the keys to my family's shore house out in Seaside, figuring I could make a stop there and rest for a little while. It's a nice long ride, about an hour away, plenty of open roads. More importantly than that, if I get down there and my elbow is too sore to drive back, I won't be stranded. I could always stay at Fierce but I need quiet to clear my head and I'll never get that there.

I decide to call Hunter and see if he wants to take a ride with me.

He answers on the first ring. "Hey."

"I'm taking the bike out, want to go for a ride?"

Hunter moves the phone away from his mouth and yells at Ryder to stop screaming. "Sorry about that. When are you heading out?"

"Now."

"Ah, sorry man. CC's at the grocery store and I'm here with the kids." Hunter clears his throat. "Maybe next time though."

"Yeah sure. Talk to you later." I end the call and stuff my phone in my pocket.

I walk into the garage and grab my helmet off the shelf, then reach for my jacket which hangs up over by the door. I place the helmet on the seat of the bike and slide into my black and grey riding jacket. Before I retrieve my helmet a memory of how excited Jaylinn was when she gave it to me comes to mind. I use my finger to trace over the number five that's custom painted on the top of it. I grab the hem of my shirt and wipe away the finger prints that are all over the flaming baseballs on each side.

If I can just talk to her, like we used to, maybe I can make her see where I'm coming from, and where I'm at now.

Pushing the memories aside I open the garage door and back my bike out. I close the garage door and then slip my helmet on before starting up my bike. Something about the vibrations of the bike settles calms me enough to get my wits about me. It's the noise that gets me, the steady rhythm that allows nothing but that noise.

As I pull out of my development, something urges me to drive past Jaylinn's house just to see if she's there. What would that hurt, right?

I honestly don't know why I'm doing this, this isn't me. I've never fought against something so hard in my life and yet here I am, practically stalking this girl just for a glimpse.

A few turns later and I'm riding down Jaylinn's street, what surprises me the most is to see Eli's f**king truck sitting in her driveway. Eli. As in my friend Eli.

I stop about a block away and pull off my helmet. A few minutes later Jaylinn and Eli walk out of her house laughing about something.

My blood swooshes in my ears and my heart is beating in overdrive. How could they do this to me? Eli isn't like that; he'd never go after something that's mine. Or would he? She isn't mine though, I let her go. I watched her walk away from me. I shake my head trying to clear those thoughts out. I want her. She should be with me, not anyone else.

Part of me wants to demand what they're doing together right now. The other part knows this isn't my business. She's not my business anymore.

Then there's the part that knows I need to get out of here before I'm seen. I push my helmet back on and make a U-turn, heading back the way I came, my bike screaming as I do so.

Now I need this long drive more than anything to clear my head. They wouldn't do this to me. Maybe Layla walked out a few seconds behind them and I missed? Yeah that has to be it.

I take the scenic route; needing the speed and control of the open road. The further I travel, the more relaxed I feel. When I get to the house, I park my bike in the driveway and take my helmet off. I walk up to the front door and unlock it. Everything is dark and cold from being closed up all winter. It smells like an attic or a basement that no one ever goes in and everything has settled.

Slipping off my jacket, I hang it on the back of a chair in the kitchen then put my helmet on the table. I walk out the back door, letting the sun warm by body from the chilly drive. It feels nice and relaxing.

The beach is deserted since it's only April and it's way too cold to play in the Atlantic. I kick my shoes off and then remove my socks and walk down the steps and past the sand dunes. I find a place in the sand and lay down.

It's peaceful; the only sound is the waves crashing onshore and a seagull here or there. That's when my mind drifts.

How did my life get like this? I used to be the player, never wanting to be tied down to one person. The cleat chasers were on speed dial whenever I felt the need for company. The only thing that ever mattered to me was baseball. That's it.

Life was simple.

Add a girl into the mix and your whole world is knocked out of the park. One girl hit a grand slam and won the game, my heart. One that would forever be in the record books.

I need it back, her back. I'm ready to put the past in the past and start fresh.

My mind continues to spin; I can see our wedding playing out. I can see Jaylinn walking around a house, our house, bare foot and pregnant. I can picture a little girl with dark brown hair, blue eyes and looking just like Jaylinn.

I need that. I want all of that.

I decide to stop at the club and check in on things since I'm in town anyway. I park my bike around back and dig in my pocket for my keys to open the back door. The music is pulsing and I hear people singing along to the music.

I unlock the door to my office and put my helmet and jacket in there along with my wallet and phone. I close and lock the door behind me. I take a few steps down the hall and catch a glimpse of Jaylinn's long dark hair. I stop where I am and watch her. She's sitting in a booth with Eli, she leans forward, laughing again I can't see her anymore so I quietly make my way over to them and step up next to the bar.

And then my heart stops, the world fades away. I try to take a breath but I can't pull the air into my lungs because they're frozen like the rest of me. Eli, my business partner and friend, just had his lips on Jaylinn. I grip the edge of the bar as the rage nestles itself deep inside me.

My blood pressure skyrockets, my face turns red and I begin to sweat. My body shakes from the rage fueled anger pulsing in my veins.

Both of them are oblivious to the fact I'm here as they continue to keep laughing at whatever it is they're saying. Jaylinn's head turns in my direction and she does a double take.

That's when her eyes go wide and fear washes over her face, I see it right before me as she turns to Eli. Her lips move, as if she's telling him I'm here.

My friend, if you can call him that now, looks over and I give a nod with my head for him to follow me. I don't wait to see if he does because if he's smart he will. I punch the door before unlocking my office and turn the light switch on.

Eli walks in with his hands on his hips, Jaylinn cowering behind him.

"You want to explain what the f**k I just saw?" I seethe.

Eli cocks an eyebrow. He can't be serious.

"You were just kissing my motherfucking girl, Eli!" I lose my shit and start spitting words as fast as I can. I'm pissed, beyond pissed. "What the f**k? I leave for a few weeks and you swoop in for the f**king kill?" I bang my fist on my desk. I try to take a few deep breaths. I know I need to calm the f**k down, but I can't, there's no calming down from this. No way. Those breaths don't work and I react. In one swoop I knock all the shit that's on my desk to the floor. Glass from the picture frames shatter, paperwork everywhere. I don't care. I hope it's all f**king trashed beyond repair, just like me.

"Fuck!" I spin on him, getting in his face.

"You f**king promised you wouldn't ever go after her. I f**king told you shit was complicated between us but you couldn't help yourself, huh?"

I grip his shirt in my hands, ready to lay shit down when Jaylinn wedges her little body between ours and pushes against my chest.

"Stop it!" Jaylinn yells.

"You're going to let her defend you?" I fume, not even looking at her. I'm staring at Eli, ready to wipe that goddamn look of his face.

Eli smirks, the mother f**ker smirks. "You about done?"

"Oh," I laugh bitterly. "I'm just getting started, ass**le." I lunge for him, my hands trying to get a hold of his shirt again.

Jaylinn pushes against my chest. "What the hell are you talking about?" Her eyes are wild with pain and fear. "I'm not your damn girl, you gave up that right!"

"I f**king saw you." I yell at her, losing my temper. "I f**king saw you!"

Eli huffs, "Whatever you think you saw, it didn't happen."

"Fuck you! I saw it with my own eyes." Reaching over Jaylinn, I shove Eli's shoulder. "You kissed her."

Eli, who is still just as cool as he was when he walked in here, takes a step back shaking his head. "I would never do that to you."

Jaylinn gasps and pushes me hard against the wall. "I can't believe you would ever think that I could do that to you." Her nostrils flare. "You can't stand to see me with anyone else and yet you can't be with me! It's one or the other Cooper, you want me or you don't. You can't have both."

Jaylinn turns on her heel and storms from the room. I glance over to Eli who's just shaking his head. "You better go after her." He kicks the stapler out of his way. "And just for the record, I would never ever go after someone that is yours. I'm not that guy."

Eli shakes his head and walks out.

"Well f**k!"

23

I run back to the table, stumbling along the way. I knew I should have never listened to Eli. My heart was trying to tell me that it wouldn't work but my brain didn't seem to care, I'd have tried anything.

I grab my purse from the booth and dash out of the club without saying goodbye to anyone. I walk past the bouncers who are talking among themselves. I walk around the corner of the building so that I'm out of sight before the tears start. Digging into my purse, I find my cell phone and swipe the screen to unlock it, then click on the internet icon and look up a number for a cab company.

No way can I face Eli after that shit show and Cooper is just out of the question. Just thinking about it pisses me off to the point I'm scowling at nothing.

I also don't dare think to call Hunter because he'd just lose his shit and I know he's trying to stay out of our mess. Hailey and Mason are too busy to bother. My mom's in bed since it's so late. The only choice I have is to call for a cab.

I call the first place I find, holding the phone up to my ear with a shaking hand. It rings once, twice and then my phone is pulled from my hand. I spin and my face is inches away from Cooper's. He's so close that all I would need to do is purse my lips and we'd be kissing.

"I'm sorry," he says, watching me closely, his eyes scanning my face, lips, eyes, everywhere.

I take a deep breath, "I can't believe you, Cooper. After everything..." I take a step back so that I can get my wits about me. "After everything we've been through do you honestly think I would go after your friend? I'm trying to move on Cooper, you let me go."

Cooper's head falls forward and his shoulder's slump. "I f**ked up."

I roll my eyes, "You can say that again."

We stand there, not looking at each other for a long few minutes.

Cooper's hand grazes mine. "Come home with me?"

I yank my hand away, pissed that he's jumped to conclusions. I fold my arms across my chest and turn my back to him.

After a minute or two Cooper presses his large muscular body against my back. "I'm sorry. I f**ked up. Come home with me so that we can talk about this in private." He says softly against my ear.

I can't fight against him. Not when it's him that I really want. With hesitation, I slowly nod my head and agree to leave with him. I have no idea what will happen once we go back to his house but I'm willing to at least see.

When we arrive at Cooper's I'm a ball of nerves. I can't sit still, I'm jumpy and the butterflies in my stomach are making me feel sick.

We've barely talked since opening night of Fierce. I don't know what more there is to say to each other. He can't move on, I can't live in the past.

Cooper unlocks the door and allows me to walk in first. I head towards the living room but he grabs my hand. He's leading me towards the bedroom. I can't go in there.

I dig my heels into the carpet, "Uh, I'm not going in there."

Cooper yanks me towards him and I collide into his strong chest. "You are." He states.

I hate his tone. I pull my arm back. "I'm not."

We're at an impasse; one of us has to give in and it's not going to be me. Cooper stares intently at me, trying to make me feel small, but I'm not backing down.

He looks up to the ceiling and sighs, "We need to talk. I need..." Cooper swallows hard. "I need the real and raw side of you. I can't have you hiding from me." Cooper takes a step closer to me. "Please." He begs.

I look down to the floor as a war wages inside me. I'll be damned if I don't and damned if I do. He's the only one that can put my broken heart back together again but he can also smash it into pieces and it'll never be whole again. I'll never be able to live with 'the what ifs' so I give in.

"Don't make me regret it."

"You have my word."

I take the first step forward to his room. When I walk in, I flip the light switch on like no time has ever passed. This room is comfortable, a safe haven for me. Or at least it was.

I place my purse down on the bed and slip my shoes off before sitting on the bed near the end. Cooper shuts the door behind him and kicks off his shoes. He walks over to his dresser and places his keys, phone and wallet on it. He turns to look at me over his shoulder.

"Strip."

I involuntary shiver. It's such a little word with such a powerful punch.

I'm not caving in that easy. He needs to work for this. I look down at my finger nails, acting like I didn't hear what he said.

Cooper growls, "Jay," I raise my eyebrows and look over at him. "Strip."

I shake my head.

Cooper stomps across the room and lifts my chin up, "Strip. I'm not asking again or I'll do it myself."

I bite the corner of my lip, secretly loving the authority that's rolling off him. "You strip." I toss back at him.

His eyes go wide and dark, "Fine."

And just like that he gave into me. Isn't that what I wanted before?

Cooper reaches behind him and pulls his shirt off and tosses it on the floor beside me. My eyes roam from his well-defined V, across the valley of his abs, to his impressive pecs, and my jaw drops to the floor. My ring, my trust ring, is hanging from his gold chain.

I stand up and clasp it in my hand and Cooper's hand reaches up to cover mine. He doesn't look at me, but looks down at our hands before letting go and undoing his jeans. They fall to floor with the rest of the clothes.

I haven't let go of the ring, I feel like my hand is super glued there. He's had a piece of me everywhere he's gone.

"Strip." Cooper urges with a nod.

I jump, lost in my own world. I let go of the ring, unbutton my blouse and wiggle out of my jeans.

We are both standing before each other in our underwear. Cooper entwines our fingers together and leads me to the bed. He pulls back the covers and allows me to climb in. I scoot over to the middle and wait for him. After a little moving around on both of our parts we finally fit together like a puzzle piece.

Cooper nuzzles his nose in my neck and whispers the three words I've been longing to hear. "I love you." Cooper kisses my jaw. "I love you so f**king much it hurts to breathe, Jay."

My body hums to life and starts to shake at his admission.

"I thought I was doing what was best for you." Cooper leans up on an elbow and gazes into my eyes. "I was f**king wrong. So wrong." He leans down and kisses me gently on the lips. All the fight that I once had left my body the second I saw my ring around his neck. "I was afraid. I didn't think we would survive if I had made love to you." Cooper sighs. "All I used to see was Kevin hovering over you when I broke the door down. I couldn't get the picture out of my head. The problem was me Jay, all me."

I reach up and cup Cooper's cheek. "I know, but I wasn't helping either. You picked up the pieces for me and that should have been enough but it wasn't. I pushed you for something you weren't ready for."

Cooper crashes his lips to mine, roughly at first and then he slows it down a notch. I run my hands through his hair.

"Cooper," I wait until I've got his full attention. "Just let me love you."

"Okay." He says in a husky voice. "One day at a time, we'll get through this together. No more fighting against each other."

I nod in agreement and suck my bottom lip into my mouth.

Cooper groans, "Stop that."

I smile sweetly, loving the fact that I can still affect him.

His face grows serious again. He swallows a few times before he finds the words he's looking for. "You didn't..." He can't even finish his sentence.

I let him sweat it out for a minute or two. I keep his gaze pinned to mine.

I shake my head and say, "I haven't."

Cooper exhales and his body relaxes. "Can I ask you what was really going on with you and Eli? I know you two have been hanging out a lot recently."

I look away and then back to him again. "We were throwing you a curve ball."

Cooper growls and braces himself over me. "A curveball, huh?"

I nod.

"I'll show you a curve ball."

Cooper takes his time getting familiar with my body again. He starts from the top of my head to the tips of my toes.

"Please," I beg, not even sure what I'm begging for.

"I'm sorry Jay," he says, pulling back to look at me. He looks sincere, as if stopping right now isn't what he wants at all. I can see that, and feel it. "I'm not saying no, I'm just..." he pauses. He shows me his intentions with a kiss, so pure, so...Cooper. "I'm just saying not tonight. I want to plan something special for you," his lips find mine again, another deep meaningful kiss, "for me..." they're back, sweet, tender, slow and torturous, "...for us."

Suddenly I'm nervous but that outweighs the thought of us finally being together.

"I just can't tonight. Not after everything. What we share needs to be between us and not when we're feeling this raw."

His words have me falling in love all over again.

24

I've got one week before I have to report back to baseball and make it my life again. I want to take this next step with Jaylinn before I have to leave and I thought what better time to use our Christmas present than now.

I called up MacKenzie to help me set it up. She called and scheduled the whole next week for Jaylinn and me to spend together.

I sent Jaylinn to the gym with Layla for at least an hour. I sent MacKenzie to Jaylinn's house so she could pack a bag for her. MacKenzie meets me at my house right before Jaylinn is due home. My sister stands on her tip toes and hugs me. "I love you. Please, I'm begging you to take this time and figure out whatever is going on with you guys. You both love each other Cooper, we all see it."

I hug her for a second longer before releasing her. "I've got this, trust me."

MacKenzie smiles, "I trust you big brother."

We say our goodbyes and MacKenzie is pulling out of the driveway as Layla is pulling in. Jaylinn jogs over to me, "Why did MacKenzie leave already?"

I tip Jaylinn's chin up to me and kiss her lips. "She helped me pack." Layla beeps to us as she drives away. "We're going away."

Her eyebrows furrow, "I can't leave, I've got soccer practices and a scrimmage on Saturday morning." While MacKenzie was packing Jaylinn's bag I called Jay's assistant coach and explained that I was taking her away for the week and to see if she could cover. I added a little Cahill charm and she agreed.

"It's been handled." I reach inside the door and grab one of the bags and hand it to Jaylinn. "We've got to get going."

"But."

I place a finger over her lips, "It's all been handled. Let me get you out of here for a little while. Trust me."

"Trust you." Jaylinn repeats.

"Yes, do you trust me?"

Jaylinn bites on her bottom lip and nods. My dick twitches every time I see her doing that. Get your mind out of the gutter Coop and get her out of here.

"Good, then help me so we can go."

I practically force her out the door. I don't want her asking questions; I just want to get her there. We get my truck packed and are on the road within thirty minutes.

With each passing mile I visibly see Jaylinn relaxing. My hand is in hers the entire way, our fingers tangled together. We've waited so long for this night that I begin to think that maybe things won't go as planned. Like the goddamn weather.

I had these envisioned it being sunny so I could take her to the lake for a little while but the closer we get, the darker the clouds are.

I'm cursing the damn weather when we pull into the driveway hours later and Jaylinn is laughing. As soon as the truck stops she opens the door and giggles. I smile, watching her as she dances around in the rain with her hands over her head. This girl, right here, is the girl that I fell in love with. My brave, fearless girl.

The house is a beautiful log cabin tucked into the Pocono Mountains. It's a secluded area, all you see are trees. There's a small stream that runs along the side of the house and past the driveway. I take it all in before I get out and walk over to her side of the truck and lean against the bed, watching her.

My plans are shot to hell but right in this moment I don't give a f**k. Looking at her, all wet and sexy. Yup, right now the rain is looking damn good.

She stops dancing when she sees me leaning against the truck, and seductively makes her way over to me.

I can't wait another minute. Would it make any sense to? The way she's staring at me with those pretty blue eyes, I know she can't wait anymore either.

I have her pressed against the side of the truck, my hands on her waist, edging her shirt up. "Fuck," It's clinging to her body and being a little impatient, I rip it off. It makes a slapping sound as it hits the dirt. With my legs positioned just right I reach down and lift her up so she can wrap her legs around my waist.

She makes a moaning sound, a plea maybe, and I want it to be my name she's screaming, right then. With the urges ripping through me, ready to finally make her mine, my mouth is everywhere, I can't get enough. The wind picks up, the skies open up and she jumps in my arms as thunder cracks.

"I got you." I whisper in her ear. I wrap my arms around her, protecting her. I will forever protect her. I can barely see through the pouring rain but there's just something about this moment that keeps me here. I know once I get her inside there is nothing that will keep me from finally taking her virginity. But here, right now, in this storm, we're both so f**king bare. We're at the mercy of the storm.

Jaylinn is watching me, waiting for me to move. I hold her here, wanting her to see this is the last moment that we have before it's gone. Before everything changes.

I mouth the words I love you, barely above a whisper. She smiles and tangles her hands in my wet hair, grasping at it. My eyes dart from her eyes to her lips, and lower. When she sighs, my eyes find hers again. "What are you waiting for?"

"Nothing." I say, smirking. "I'm just enjoying the view."

Jaylinn takes one hand from my hair and reaches for the clasp on her bra. She has it off in a second. "You're at second base, now what?"

Ah, my girl wants to play baseball, I never turn down a game. I lift her up a little more and get a good grip on her ass. I get her tits right where I want them. In my face.

I don't waste another second before I take her right nipple in my mouth, sucking the water off them. Jay moans at the sensation, her body shudders. She uses both hands to press me into her. Her legs tighten and we slump against my truck, she slips from the rain and I have to stop what I'm doing to catch her.

Her eyes go wide in panic as I laugh. "I'll always catch you."

I hope she sees the meaning behind those words and how true that statement is. She needs to know that before we go any further.

She laughs, the sound turning me on even more than I already am. Jaylinn reaches around me for a better grip but her hands slide right off from the rain. Giving up, she fists my shirt between her fingers and starts to tug. I help her out and move my legs again to support us both, and then pull my shirt over my head, throwing it near hers.

We are now both bare from the waist up. At this rate we'll both be na**d before we make it to the door. Thank you for this secluded area, I am not going to share her with the world. If she keeps looking at me with those sweet innocent eyes we will be naked. I'm okay with that because she understands that I'll catch her. I can feel it in the way she's kissing me, slow and full of passion. We're inhaling the future.

The rain picks up again, as do our kisses. I'm not holding back. I'm giving it all to her.

With a firmer grip on her this time, I push back away from my truck and turn around as I start walking towards the cabin. Her mouth never leaves mine and there are moments that we stop, over and over again, feeling, kissing, and taking what we need all the way to the house.

Eventually we make it to the front door where I fumble with the keys. Once I get the door open and step inside I slip and fall. My wet shoes have no traction on a freshly polished hardwood floor but thankfully I twist just in time so she lands on my chest.

Jaylinn starts laughing uncontrollably. "Only us, Coop. We're about to have sex, it's pouring and we just slipped on the floor."

"I don't see a problem with that." I say, rolling her over so I'm hovering over her.

"Yeah," she gives me a coy smile, "I don't see one either come to think of it."

"Well," my hands move to her h*ps and the waistband of her jeans. "We're already half naked, and we're on the floor."

She helps me by wiggling out of her wet jeans and then goes to work on mine. That's when it hits me that this can't happen on the floor. It needs to be in the bed. I didn't wait this f**king long to take her on the floor.

I stand before she can get my pants off. She's only in her panties right now as I reach down for her hand. "There's a bed waiting for us."

"Yeah, I bet there is." She says, taking my hand.

As we move into the bedroom, my mind goes a little crazy.

I'm not taking her virginity. I've been hung up on that for a while, thinking that I don't deserve it. But she's giving it to me, I'm not taking it. There's the difference, it's one I didn't see for a long time.

As I lay her on the bed, I look down at her body, spread out before me against a sea of white.

I smile, wondering how'd I get so lucky?

After removing my jeans, I lay down on her, careful to keep my weight off her.

That's when she gives me a little squeal. "Wait," and she pushes back on my shoulders wiggling away up to the headboard.

"For what?"

Her eyes are excited, and glance around the room. "I forgot something in the truck."

"Are you kidding me right now?"

Jaylinn rolls her eyes. "It won't hurt to wait just a second. God knows I've been waiting long enough. I'll be right back."

I growl and flop back against the bed, breathing heavily. She jumps up, wraps the sheet around her and runs outside for what she forgot.

She's gone for just a second, her bare feet squeaking as she runs around the corner and into the bathroom. She disappears into the bathroom with her bag and I don't think much about it. For the first ten minutes as least.

After that, I'm starting to get a little nervous and impatient while she's in there. What the f**k could be taking that long?

Those thoughts are lost when she emerges from the bathroom in barely anything, but exactly something Jay would wear for me. It's a pin striped halter top looking thing with ties in the front that has a matching garter belt and white stockings.

"Why do you have a bat in your hand?" I smile but it's weak. She has a bat in her hand. "Where did you even get that?

She has this playful grin plastered on her face that lights up her eyes as I take in the outfit. "It came with the outfit."

I give her a warning glare, not liking that she has a bat in her hand. "Put it down." I'm going to kill my sister for packing that. "How the hell did my sister know you even had that?"

Jaylinn shrugs her shoulder, "She was with me when I got it."

Jay steps closer, just one step, and grips the bat at the handle as if she's going to swing it. Shaking her ass, she holds it in position. "What, are you afraid I'll hit a homerun?"

"I think you already did. Look at me." I motion to my na**d body, winking at her. If she's playing dirty, so am I.

I lunge for her and have her pressed against the bed and unable to move within a second, or maybe two, hovering over her. "You didn't think you'd actually slide into home that easy, did you?"

"Or maybe I let you..."

I chuckle but my mind isn't on games anymore. It's on this girl in bed, waiting for me. My hands start to work on the ties of the top and when I get that off, I work on the rest of it. "Why did you wear this when I'd just be ripping it off anyways?"

She moves her lips to my ear and whispers, "Curve ball."

"Well, let me show you a thing or two about a line drive." My mouth moves to her shoulder, then lower and a lot slower than she wants, before my tongue circles her ni**les. I don't stay there long because I want my mouth lower, between her bare thighs. I make my way over her ribs, to her tattoo and then to her hip bone. I bite at it playfully, earning me a laugh as she squirms under my touch.

I kiss the inside of her thigh; my favorite place. I take a moment to glance up at her. She's so beautiful. Her hair is still damp, pieces sticking to her flushed cheeks and swollen lips.

I'm not sure if she'll be able to come when I'm inside her. I've never had sex with a virgin before; but I want to make this good for her. This is a first for the both us.

My fingers touch her opening first, a softer touch than I want because I'm so f**king worked up that just feeling my dick against the mattress has me turned on. It's not that at all. It's this, my hands and mouth bringing my girl to pleasure that has me worked up.

Jaylinn moans, her body shaking as I add another finger and swirl my tongue around her clit. Her back arches off the bed, her hands fisting in my hair, a grip that leaves me wanting so much more. We don't say anything because words aren't needed right now. She trusts me with herself; she's giving herself over to me, fully. You don't need words for that.

Her thighs squeeze my head so I can't hear anything, but the grip on my hair gives me an indication she's enjoying it.

I knew the second she came though; I think the people across the lake did too.

Laughing as she pulled me up, I smiled. "Good?"

She seems a little embarrassed having known she was pretty loud. "Yes..."

"Hey..." My fingers brush the few strands that stuck on her cheek away. "It's sexy."

That seems to relax her. I move up her body slowly, kissing as I go. When my lips find hers, I wait to see what she's going to do. She's never kissed me after I've gone down on her, never expected her to either.

She kisses me.

There's nothing sexier than a woman who doesn't care that I was just licking her pu**y. Jaylinn doesn't care one f**king bit because her tongue finds mine. My hands move from beside her to her face, cradling her head and pressing my weight against her. She can feel me now, hard against her inner thigh, but I don't move yet, there's some hesitation from me and I know she feels it. This is it. There's no going back.

"Please." She begs, her eyes fluttering open when I stop kissing her.

I'm staring at her, watching her reactions again when I smile. "I'll never deny you again."

Jaylinn smiles back, tears in her eyes and falling on my fingertips. I take my thumb and brush them away. Her legs move and widen, bringing me flush against her center.

This is it, there is no turning back.

I push forward as gently as I can, waiting on her reaction but was surprised when she didn't let on if she was in pain. She's so f**king tight I can barely move but I have to, I need to. When I give her all of me, that's when she tenses, her thighs squeezing my waist. "Shit." She mutters against my lips, whimpering out in pain. Her hands move to my shoulders, gripping them hard.

"I'm sorry, baby." I whisper against her lips. "I can stop." I start to pull out.

She shakes her head immediately, her legs wrapping around my waist as if to keep me there. It only brings me deeper inside her. Damn, it feels so f**king tight I can barely breathe, barely think about anything but wanting the sensation, the feeling of being inside her to never end.

I pull back and give her a gentle smile. "Just breathe." I'm not sure if I'm saying this to her or myself.

She does and I move a little and her eyes squeeze shut. "I can stop." I tell her again.

Jaylinn shakes her head. "No, I want you. I need this. I need you, all of you."

"I want you..." I say against her lips, moving again. This time I slide out for the first time and then in again. Each time I do this, her grip on me eases up and she begins to relax. I try to distract her with my kisses. I keep my movements slow but it's not easy; it's torture moving this slowly.

"I love you." I kiss the corner of her mouth. "So f**king much."

Jaylinn's breath hitches, "I love you too, Cooper."

For the longest time I didn't think I would ever get over the past. Now, in this moment we have, it's exactly how it should be. Even the pain. I knew there'd be that but if anyone was going to be with her like this, it needed to be me.

"Oh, Coop." She whispers in my ear.

My lips move from her neck and find her lips. I can't take much more of this and I think she can sense it too.

"I want to feel you come inside me, please." She begs.

I can't take it, not for another moment. With three quick movements, my body lets go and I groan against her lips, my body trembling with undeniable pleasure.

I rest my forehead against her, trying to slow my breathing down. Jaylinn runs her finger nails up and down my back. Finally, getting my bearings, I go to pull out and that's when I realize I made a huge f**king mistake.

I brace myself up on my elbows and look into Jaylinn's pretty blue eyes. She senses that something is wrong.

"Coop, what's wrong?" Jaylinn's whole body tenses. Her pu**y squeezes my dick and I squeeze my eyes shut and try to keep my concentration on the problem instead of wanting to thrust back in.

"I f**ked up." I come straight out and say. No sense beating around the bush. I brush my thumbs on over her temples. "I was too caught up in the moment and didn't use a condom." I look away before realization washes over her face. I'm so f**king stupid, I always use one, always.

Jaylinn relaxes and I wince as the pressure from her pu**y releases me. "It's okay, I'm on the pill, have been for years."

I slip out and pull her into my arms. A huge weight lifts off me. "Good. I don't think I could ever use them with you after this." I kiss the top of her head. "I've always used them before though and we get tested by the team so I know I'm clean."

Jaylinn rests her chin on my chest, "Are you okay?"

I stare into the eyes that I want to spend the rest of my life looking at. I don't answer her right away, thinking for just a moment. Am I really okay? I am. I'm more than okay. Not once did I think of that night. All of this time that I've been battling myself to stay away from her was for nothing. "I'm more than okay. You?"

Jaylinn leans up and seals my lips with hers. "I'm better than okay." Then a sly grin spreads across her face.

"What's going on in that head of yours?" I hate that I can't read her right now.

Her eyes dart towards the door that leads out to the deck. Then I remember that the hot tub is out there.

"Let's go."

It's still raining when we make it outside and into the hot tub. The steam rolls over the deck and from our bodies in waves as we slip below the water. We're still na**d and I watch as her sexy body dips into the bubbles, so perfect and tight that my mind goes there again even though it's only been like twenty minutes. I'm not surprised I want more. We held off for so long it's all I can think about and I'm sure that will be the case for a while.

I'm pretty sure she can hear my thoughts because she smiles at me and moves from her place across from me. Her hands reach out and she steadies herself on my shoulders.

"What do you say we go for a double header?" Her hands slip off my shoulders and below the water as she straddles me. My dick was hard the minute she said double header.

"Fuck..." My head falls back against the side of the hot tub as she kisses my jaw and lower to my neck. My legs straighten at the sensation and I raise my h*ps so she grinds down on my dick, gliding along it until the tip is practically inside her again. The water helps but I can tell she's wet by the way she slips back and forth against me.

"You sure you want more?" I'm more than ready but she has to be a little sore, right?

"I always want more." She says, moving against me again, so I take one hand and wrap it around her waist to lift her up, my left hand slips between us. She's tight still, so f**king tight that I feel the sensation as I enter her from my toes to my gut.

My breathing turns heavy when she starts to move and it's so sexy, so f**king sexy that I'm captivated watching her ride me. She has one hand planted against my chest, the other against the side of the tub as she moves up and down over me. I watch her, I just watch. I doubt she knows what she's giving me, what we are right now.

Her head falls forward, she's enjoying it, and I start to feel that pressure building already. I don't know what it is about her but I don't want to stop, not now, not ever. I have a feeling we're not getting any sleep anytime soon.

"Cooper..." she moans, throwing her head back and moving a little faster. My hands grip her waist trying to still her motions. "No..." she shakes her h*ps trying to move my hands.

I lean forward, my arms wrapping firmly around her tiny body and up towards her shoulders, pushing her down harder than I ever would have before on my dick. "Slow down." I tell her. "I don't want to come yet."

"I don't want to slow down." She whispers in my ear, her voice rougher than usual as her breathing gets shallow and heavy.

Jaylinn gets brave and starts swirling her hips. For this being only her second time the girls got it going on. I thought I'd have to teach her what felt good but to my surprise it seems that she already knows.

"Fuck." I push down on her shoulders, pushing myself inside as far as I can go. We both gasp at the sensation. She moves again, this time she falls back in the water just enough that her hair touches it, and her hands go to my shoulders for support. Her back is arched giving me a full view of her body under the moonlight and the rain.

I close my eyes, wanting the vision of me inside her, like this, forever etched in my brain.

I start to move again, bringing her up and down on me as she starts to squirm, not from pain but pleasure. It's different than on the bed just a little while ago. She's more confident and relaxed out here. So am I. We've already moved past that awkward stage of the first time.

My hands are everywhere but mostly on her h*ps helping her move up and down. The water moves with us creating tiny waves. I know she's close by the tiny moans she's letting out and the way she keeps moving around for the right angle. My right hand moves from her hip to between her legs where I know I can get her off that way, help her get around the bases quicker. Shaking the water from my eyes, I lean forward to lick from the valley between her br**sts, then higher over her neck where I bite down. "You. Are. So. Fucking. Sexy."

That gets her and she gasps, my words sent her over the edge. I feel her clamp down on my dick. Squeezing my eyes shut I try to hold off, I'm not ready yet. I can't hold it, not when she starts screaming, "Oh Cooper! Fuck! Oh God...so good!"

Yeah, I didn't last.

I give in, riding out the waves with her. I feel the warmth as I come inside her. We don't stop, we both keep moving as if we didn't want it to end. I slip out of her and then press her against the side of the tub, my chest against hers, both of us breathing heavily. The moon shines in her eyes, the rain slowing down, like our breathing.

She gives me a look that says so much. It's exhaling the past and inhaling the future. "It was worth the wait." She whispers softly.

She has no idea how true those words are for me right now.

Epilogue

Our week at the cabin was wonderful and exactly what we needed. No distractions, just Cooper and me. We only left the cabin once the whole time and that was to go to the grocery store, the rest of the time was spent na**d and in bed together.

Cooper and I talked a lot that week. I told him that I told my mom about that night and Cooper told me that he told Mason. He struggled telling me because he knew he broke his promise to me. I never realized how bad that night weighed on him until he explained it to me. I hate the fact that Mason knows, I feel like he's going to look at me differently now. Cooper assured me that he wouldn't and my secret is safe with him.

I broke down and confessed to Cooper that while we were apart I was still having the nightmares almost every night. He said that I needed to talk to someone other than him or my mom, I needed a professional's help. After some sexual persuasion I agreed. The man knows how to run my bases and he was holding my homerun until I agreed. It was a no brainer.

"Baby," Cooper nuzzles my neck. "Where'd you go?"

I lean my head on his, "Just thinking."

Cooper continues to kiss and bite my neck, awaking this new desire in me. I can't get enough of him, he's all I want, all I need. When we're like this the rest of the world fades away and everything is perfect.

Cooper trails his fingers up my bare thigh.

I reach up and run my fingers from his temples to his jaw, "I love you."

Cooper slips off the couch and settles between my legs. He runs his hands on the inside of my thighs and I moan. Every time he puts his hands on me like this, like he can't get enough, it makes me crazy.

When he gets to my center he detours and runs his hands up my h*ps to the top of my panties. Cooper leans forward and kisses the top of my right thigh as he slips his fingers in the waistband. I lift my h*ps letting him slip my panties off.

"I love you in my jersey." Cooper says before placing a kiss on my pu**y.

He bites the inside of my thigh. Cooper's phone rings, groaning, he pulls away from me to answer it.

"Hello?"

He sits back and pulls me on his lap so my legs are draped over his.

"Yeah we'll be there soon."

He hangs up the phone and tosses it on the seat next to him. We're expected to show up for a BBQ at Mason and Hailey's, one last get together before Mason and Cooper's baseball season gets underway.

"They wanted to know where we were." Cooper explains.

I rest my head on his shoulder, "I guess we should get going."

Cooper runs his hand up my bare leg, goose bumps being left behind. "You ready?"

"Yeah, let's do this." I kiss Cooper on his lips before climbing off his lap.

When we arrive at Mason and Hailey's everyone is there, we were the last to show up. I was putting off coming until the last minute because I wasn't ready to share Cooper with anyone yet.

We walk up to the door; Cooper kisses me leaving me breathless before opening the door. "Everything is going to be okay. You don't need to talk to Hunter today if you don't want to."

I nod and muster up a smile, "I know. I'll be fine."

The second we walk into the house all my fears melt away. This is my family, they love and support me, support us. Everyone is in the living room; my mom is holding Olivia while she drinks her bottle. Mason and Hailey are sitting side by side holding hands on the couch. Hunter and Jackson are on the floor playing with Alex and Ryder. MacKenzie and Chloe are standing off to the side talking, and Andrew and Elle are each holding one of the twins.

"Oh, look who decided to show up." MacKenzie jokes.

Cooper put his arm around my shoulder and pulls me to his side. "Sorry we're late."

Hailey pipes up, "No you aren't."

I glance over at her and she's smiling. I wink at her, she knows the real reason why we're late. This morning we got home and Cooper pulled me right into his bedroom where we spent a few hours making love.

Cooper chuckles and whispers in my ear, "No we aren't, are we?"

I blush, thinking of the way I feel when Cooper is inside of me, full and complete. I shake my head and look away.

MacKenzie walks over and links her arm in mine, "I'm stealing her for a little bit." She tells her brother.

Cooper kisses the side of my head and removes his arm. MacKenzie, followed by Chloe and Hailey, leads the way out to the back deck. It's a little chilly for early April but with the sun shining down on us it's comfortable.

The girls' questions come like rapid fire. Are we finally together now? What did we do for the week? How was the sex? Am I ready for Cooper to leave for weeks at a time?

I smile, taking a deep breath and gave them the run down. We're together; we've talked and are taking it one day at a time. I kept the sex part clean and just gave the basics. What we shared was something I want to keep between me and Cooper.

"I'm not ready for Cooper to leave me again." I smile as my eyes fill with tears.

"Girl, I'm not ready for Mason to leave either." Hailey says as the tears stream down her face. "He's going to miss so much while he's away."

I reach over and hug Hailey. I thought I had it bad with finally being a couple with Cooper and then him leaving me again but nothing compares to what Hailey is dealing with.

MacKenzie and Chloe stand up and come over to wrap their arms around Hailey and me. They both promise to be there for us anytime we need.

Hunter, Mason, Cooper and Jackson all walk out and see us hugging and crying.

"Christ and I thought it was just Hailey's hormones that were all messed up." I hear Mason say.

The four of us break our hug and turn to glare at Mason.

Cooper bumps his shoulder with Mason, "If looks could kill you'd be dead right now."

All of us are wrapped in each of our loved ones' arms just sitting back relaxing and talking about nothing really important. Hunter is the only one really not talking, he's just watching me. He wants to talk, I'm sure he wants to know what's going on with Cooper and I but there is something in his eyes that isn't quite right.

Cooper leans up and whispers, "You still going to talk to him?"

I look over to Hunter who's watching me and I nod my head. I turn in Cooper's arms and place a kiss on his cheek. "It's now or never."

"I love you."

"I love you too."

I look back over to Hunter and nod my head towards the stairs. Hunter nods and picks up MacKenzie from his lap and then places her back in the seat. Hunter and I walk down the stairs and towards the driveway where no one will hear us.

I stand next to Cooper's truck and cross my arms. I'm nervous as hell about telling Hunter what happened to me. This probably isn't the best time or place but I wanted to talk to Hunter before Cooper leaves and since he's leaving at six tomorrow morning this is the only time I really have.

I go to talk but Hunter beats me to it. "Jay, there's something I need to talk to you about."

My heart starts hammering and my stomach twists, "Okay, there's something I think I'm ready to tell you too."

