1

I was pulling up to the doctor's office a few minutes late because it was f**king pouring out. People were hydroplaning everywhere and the roads were pretty terrifying. I'd expected to see CC's Mazda in the parking lot; she was early for everything, but the fact it was missing actually made me smile. I didn't want her rushing to be on time and getting in to an accident.

I sent Mason a text to see if he'd seen or heard from Dominic recently. That stupid ass**le had cheated on CC with Brittany and now he couldn't ditch her to save his life. Mason told me he'd run into her one night at a bar and she was practically throwing herself at Dominic. It was pitiful.

Apparently, Mason was sitting at the bar waiting on Hailey, when Dominic sauntered over and sat down next to him with Brittany on the other side. Mason couldn't stand the sleaze after what he'd done to his sister. He said he was trying to ignore them by watching the Phillies on the big ass flat screen, when the mention of Kenzie's name sparked his interest.

"I don't know why you don't just tell him that Kenzie's baby is yours. The sooner you admit it to yourself, and her, the better." Brittany was saying to Dominic. This is when Mason started listening, still not outwardly acknowledging them.

"How many god damn times do I have to tell you? That baby is not mine! You do this shit every f**king time you start drinking." Dominic yelled back at her.

"I know it is Dom, I saw how you used to look at her." Brittany told him.

"It doesn't matter how I looked at her, I f**ked all that up by f**king you. Not one of my best moments, that's for damn sure. Now either sit there and shut the f**k up, or leave. Better yet, go back to Virginia." Dominic spat at her.

Mason couldn't bite his tongue any longer. "The both of you need to leave my f**king sister alone. She doesn't need this shit right now," he seethed. Then he settled his tab and texted Hailey, telling her he would meet her back at the house. He couldn't stand being around those two a moment longer.

After that, Dominic ran into CC a few times at the grocery store; only once with Brittany though. She always told me after she'd seen them so I'd never think she was hiding things from me. I trusted her, but it did make me feel better knowing she told me these things. She also said that the one time she did run into Brittany, she'd started up again; claiming that she knew the baby was Dominic's. CC just brushed it off and ignored her which apparently pissed Brittany off even more, because she started to threaten to tell me the 'truth'. CC said she'd just laughed and walked away. I loved her for that. She was always being the better person; she didn't let the damn drama get to her.

Me 12:12pm: Yo! You heard from Dom lately? Is that crazy bitch still here?

Mason 12:14pm: No and yeah she's still here

Me 12:16pm: Damn where is your sister? She's 15 mins late

Mason: 12:20pm: Hailey said she talked to her an hour ago

I waited a few more minutes before I tried to call her again but it still went straight to her voicemail. Thinking maybe her phone had died and she had parked on the other side of the building, I ran into the doctor's office to check if she was there.

The lady sitting behind the glass - Tina, Tammy, something like that - greeted me, "Hunter, nice to see you again." Since we were coming twice a week now, they'd started recognizing and greeting us before we even signed in.

"Nice to see you too. Is MacKenzie back there already? I was waiting for her out in the parking lot but didn't see her. I thought I'd check in here."

"No, I haven't seen her. That's strange; she's always right on time."

"I figured she might be running a few minutes late with the rain, but I can't get hold of her - her cell phone is going straight to voicemail."

The receptionist looked at the time and said, "Wow, yeah it's past twelve-thirty. I hope everything's ok."

I pulled out my cell phone and tried to call again, but I was still getting her voicemail. "Look, I'm going to backtrack her way here, maybe she got a flat tire or something. If she happens to come in, can you please call my cell?"

"Yes sure, of course." I jotted my number on a Post-It and handed it to her, thanking her before heading toward the door.

"I hope everything is ok, Hunter!" she yelled out to me.

I ran back to my truck with an uneasy feeling in the pit of my stomach. Something was really wrong. I called Cooper because I knew he was already out with Jaylinn.

"Yo, you heard from Kenz?"

I heard the fading voice of a much too cheerful DJ as Cooper turned down the radio, "No, I thought you guys had a doctor's appointment today."

"Yeah we do, but she never showed. Are you by our house?"

"Yeah, we're right around the corner actually. We'll swing by and see if she's there. I'll call you in a few."

"Thanks."

Fuck! Where is she?

I tore out of the lot, leaving a cloud of smoke behind me. What the hell could've happened?

I got on the ramp to Route 295 and was stopped dead in traffic. Shit! I slammed my fist on the steering wheel. This can't happen today, I need to get home. I need to find CC!

After a few minutes at a standstill, my cell phone rang. I reached over and snatched it from the cup holder. "Coop?"

"Yeah, she isn't here. She didn't have to stop anywhere else before she went there?"

This traffic hasn't moved in the last five minutes. I can't even back up because there are cars up my ass. "Last time I talked to her was when I left and she didn't mention anything."

Jaylinn got on the phone, "Have you talked to Hailey? Maybe she's talked to her."

I should've called her, damn it. I can't think straight. "Hailey talked to her an hour before the appointment but I haven't talked to her since."

Cooper again, "Jay's calling Hailey now. Where are you at?"

In a few more feet I could probably bust a U-turn and go down the ramp. "I'm stuck in f**king traffic on 295; there must be an accident or something."

I heard Jaylinn say something to Cooper, but the phone was breaking up. "I can't hear what she's saying, Coop."

"Hailey talked to her an over an hour ago. Kenzie is supposed to go over there after the appointment."

My phone beeped, Mrs. Cahill was calling. "Coop your mom is calling, I'll call you back."

I took the phone away from my ear to slide the answer button across the screen. It took me a few tries - I was shaking like a bitch. "Hello?"

"Hunter! Oh thank God. Is my baby girl with you?" Mrs. Cahill asked, sounding worried.

"No. She never showed up for the appointment. I'm out looking for her now."

I heard her gasp and then there was a loud thump in my ear. She'd dropped the phone and I could make out that she was wailing uncontrollably.

I heard Mr. Cahill in the background shushing her, followed by a bunch of shuffling noises. "Hunter. Hey son, where are you?"

"What's going on?" I couldn't even answer him. I just needed answers and I needed them now.

"Are you by a TV?"

"No. I'm sitting in traffic, trying to get onto 295 so I can go look for CC."

Sighing into the phone he said, "There seems to have been some kind of accident and from what we can see, it looks like MacKenzie's car."

I rested my head on the steering wheel and took a few deep breaths. This can't be true, CC was too careful. "Where's the accident at?"

Please don't say 295.

"On the south bound side of 295, right near exit 32." he answered.

As soon as I heard the words, I dropped the phone, threw open the truck door and took off down the ramp on foot. If it was her I would be able to see from where I was.

There were fire trucks, cop cars and ambulances everywhere. I saw two cars, one was smashed into the guard rail and the other was facing the wrong direction on the highway. Neither car was CC's. There was an EMT walking back to the ambulance so I jogged over to him.

"Excuse me sir, are these the only two cars that were involved?" I asked slightly out of breath.

He kept walking, so I followed him. "Please sir, my fiance never showed for her doctor's appointment."

That finally got his attention. He grabbed a bag from the back and slung it over his shoulder before finally acknowledged me. "Does she drive a White Mazda 3?"

I squeezed my eyes shut and swallowed down the lump in my throat. Then I nodded. "Her car rolled down the embankment. She's still alive, but we need to get her to the hospital as soon as possible. They're landing a helicopter on the golf course and taking her to Cooper Hospital. That's all I can tell you." He hustled back towards the embankment.

I was frozen. I couldn't move, couldn't breathe. I stood there until the sound of a helicopter taking flight brought me back to the horrifying situation. I looked around; there was no way I could get out of here with all this traffic. I ran back to my truck. I was getting to CC one way or another. I would push a car out of my way if I had to.

Thankfully, there was just enough room for me to turn the truck without hitting the car in front of me. I hopped the curb and turned the vehicle around, then drove passed all the cars trying to get on the ramp. I fumbled around on the floor for my phone. I needed to call Mason and Cooper and tell them to meet me at the hospital.

Finally finding it by my right foot, I grabbed it and dialed Mason's number. He answered on the first ring, "Was it her car?"

I took a shuddering breath, "Yeah. She's alive but they're air lifting her to Cooper University Hospital. Can you meet me there?"

"I'm on my way."

I dialed Cooper and he picked up before it even had a chance to ring, "Dude, please tell me that's not her car."

"I'm sorry Coop. They're air lifting her to Cooper University. I need you to call your mom and dad and have everyone meet over there." I couldn't call her parents, not unless I had some useful information.

"Do you think she'll be ok?" I heard Jaylinn crying in the background.

"She has to be."

"Alright, we'll meet you there in a few minutes. I'll have Jay call your mom."

"Thanks."

Cooper took a deep breath, "Hunter?"

"Yeah?"

"Be safe. Everything's going to be ok."

"It has to be Coop, I'll see you soon." I hung up and for the first time that I can remember, I cried.

Everything has to be ok. CC and the baby will make it through this. They have to. As I drove I did something that I didn't do nearly enough, I prayed. I prayed all the way to the hospital. Things were finally perfect, almost too perfect for us, and now this had to happen.

2

I was the first to arrive at the hospital so I rushed over to the admissions desk to see if CC had made it there yet.

"Excuse me, can you please tell me if my fiance, MacKenzie Cahill, has arrived yet?"

"Sure, let me take a look." She began typing away on her computer. "It looks like she just came in. If you'll have a seat, I'll see what I can find out for you."

"Please, as soon as you know anything, let me know. She's nine months pregnant and was involved in a car accident a little while ago."

With sympathy in her eyes she nodded and began typing again. I walked away from the counter so that the next people in line could be helped. I reached in my pocket and took out my phone to check the time; two hours had gone by since I left the scene of the accident - that was two too many for me. I was pacing nervously back and forth in front of the vending machines when Cooper and Jaylinn appeared. As soon as she set eyes on me Jaylinn's sobs came fast and heavy, and she threw her arms around me in a tight, heaving embrace. I squeezed her waist for almost a second, then let go and raised my eyes to Cooper. I couldn't comfort my sister right now; I was barely holding on myself.

"Any word?" Cooper asked, giving me a slap on the shoulder.

"No, nothing yet. They're going to call me as soon as they find something out." I said, returning the uncomfortable but friendly slap.

"Everyone's on their way here. Maybe Dad can get them to give us more information if we haven't heard anything by then." Cooper said as he and Jaylinn went to sit down.

"Hunter? Come sit down, you're making me more anxious." Jaylinn asked. I took a seat next to her and hung my head in my hands, resting my elbows on my legs. Things had only really ever got this intense for me once before; but I couldn't let the memories of my father surface. I'd spoken about him to Mason and Cooper, and CC knew of him but that was it.

A few minutes, maybe longer, had passed; I wasn't even sure at that point; before the rest of CC's family showed up.

I stood and hugged my mom when she rushed over to us, and she immediately started crying. In between the sobs she asked, "Have you heard anything yet?"

I kissed the top of her head and looked over at Mr. Cahill before I answered, "No, nothing yet."

CC's father cleared his throat in an attempt to keep his composure. "I'll go see if there's any update. They should be able to tell us something by now." he said, wandering in the direction of the front desk.

I looked over towards Jaylinn, Hailey, Mrs. Cahill and Chloe, who were all seated in the corner of the waiting room. "Mom, why don't you go sit with the girls? I'm going to go get some air for a few minutes."

Tears still pouring from her eyes, she nodded. I kissed her cheek and she joined the girls with her head down. I strode out of the waiting room and down the hallway, there was no way I could be far if Mr. Cahill came back with news. Mason, Cooper and Jackson followed me out but I really just needed a little time to myself.

"Did you find anything out?" Jackson asked.

"No, they aren't saying anything. I guess that's a good sign in a way but I still think this is bullshit. I just want to know what's going on." I told them as I leaned back against the wall. "I told her I would always f**king protect her, and now look what the f**k happened. She's never going to forgive me if something happens to our baby. Shit! I'm never going to forgive myself."

"Dude it's not your fault. It was an accident." Cooper said.

Mason leaned back against the wall right next to me and said, "She may be heartbroken when she wakes up but there was nothing either of you could have done to prevent the accident."

"I should have taken the time off work and just picked her up, that way none of this would be happening right now." I was so pissed at myself. Just the other night, while CC and I were lying in the bed, we were laughing because she said she could barely reach the pedals with her belly in the way. Thinking about it now, it really wasn't that funny.

Chloe came out of the waiting room with Alex and the diaper bag in her hand. "Sorry, I'm just going to change Alex."

"It's alright babe." Jackson pulled Chloe in and kissed Alex's cheek.

I kicked off the wall and went back into the waiting room. It was probably a dickhead move but whatever; I didn't give a shit right now. "What the f**k is happening in there?" I yelled as I paced back and forth in the waiting room. I was really trying to keep calm but my whole life was behind those damn doors.

"We don't know yet." Mr. Cahill said when he came back in and wrapped his arms around his crying wife.

I kept trying to look in through the doors every time someone would go in or leave, but all I could see were a bunch of doctors and nurses scrambling around. I stopped moving, even stopped breathing, when I saw CC's limp arm hanging off the edge of the table; recognizable only from the ring I had given her just a few months ago and the bracelet I had given her for her birthday.

Cooper came up behind me and put his hand on my shoulder, "I have to do something; I can't just wait here and do nothing." I walked over to the trash can and kicked it; everyone jumped. I need to do something to take the edge off; I'm going f**king insane not knowing anything except that she's alive.

It was nearly 9 p.m. when a doctor calmly strolled out. He called for us and led us into a private room; I took a seat between my mom and Mrs. Cahill, who both reached over and grabbed my hands. Everyone else was standing behind us, except for Chloe who stayed in the waiting room with an oblivious, sleeping Alex on her lap.

The doctor cleared his throat, "I'm Dr. Clearly, I've been working on MacKenzie since she arrived. She is alive, but has suffered a great deal." I felt lighter already. Thank God for that! Whatever lies ahead for us, we can deal with that together. Now for one more miracle and I could finally start to relax a little bit. "After we assessed all of her injuries, we hooked MacKenzie up to the ultrasound monitor to check on the baby. The on call OB-GYN made the decision to perform an emergency Cesarean section - MacKenzie was having contractions and, since she was nearly full term, it was safer to deliver the baby than it would have been to wait. She delivered at 4:38 p.m. and the baby is being monitored in the Neonatal Intensive Care Unit, but appears to be doing well." I hung my head as a sob escaped me, I couldn't hold it back. I don't think there was a dry eye in the room. The doctor continued, "MacKenzie appears to have protected the baby during the crash and has taken most of the injuries to her wrist and leg. She has a dislocated thumb on her left hand, which we have reset. Her right wrist is broken which will have to be in a cast. The right ankle was severely crushed and we will need to operate on that as soon as we can. When she arrived she was unconscious and we've kept her in a medically induced coma right now for her safety. Sometimes when the body has gone through a trauma, it can go into shock if it regains consciousness too quickly; we just want to make sure that doesn't happen. She is getting a CT-Scan now, so depending on the results we may be able to slowly wake her up." Dr. Clearly sat back in his chair. "One of the nurses will come and get you when MacKenzie is back in her room and settled." He stood up to leave but looked at me before turning away and said, "She is extremely lucky, not many people would walk away from something like this."

I reached out to shake the doctor's hand, "Thank you for everything you've done." He took my palm in his and shook firmly. "Are we able to go see the baby now?"

"Yes of course, you need to go up to the fifth floor and the nurses there will be able to help you. Congratulations son."

"Thank you." I turned to everyone; they all had tears in their eyes, even badass Mason.

"Let's go see the newest McCormick." Mason said, clapping me on the back.

We all rode the elevator up to the fifth floor and went quickly to the nurses' station. I explained who we were and a friendly looking woman escorted us to the waiting room, explaining that only two people were allowed in at a time.

I looked over at Mrs. Cahill, knowing she would want to see the baby. She nodded at me and we followed the nurse back to a locker room, where she handed us scrubs. "I need you to put these on for the safety of the babies and your own. When you're done I will show you where you can visit."

She left the room and we quickly put the blue scrubs over our clothes. I opened the door and we followed her down a hallway and turned left into a room where I heard all kinds of different machines. My stomach clenched thinking that my baby was hooked up to one of these.

The nurse gave me a small smile, probably noticing my panicked expression, "It's ok to be afraid, it's a little overwhelming." We strolled a few more feet before she stopped in front of one of the tiny beds. "Here's your little miracle." She smiled at me then stepped aside.

I took a step forward and my eyes landed on a little baby all bundled up, but from what I could see, looked perfect. I noticed a little card above the baby's head.

Wow, I had a baby boy! I took a shuddering breath and looked back over at the smiling nurse. "Can I hold him?"

"Of course!" She came closer to us, realizing my hesitation. "Do you want me to pick him up and hand him to you?"

I nodded my head. She leaned in and scooped him up and he started fussing. She pointed with her head to a rocking chair that was next to me. "You can sit there if you want."

I took a seat and she handed me my son. As soon as he was in my arms he took a deep breath and settled down. Mrs. Cahill had tears in her eyes but stood aside and gave me this time with him.

The nurse winked at me and said, "Looks like someone knows who their dad is. I'll leave you two alone for a little bit; if you need anything just let me know."

I looked up at her and smiled. "Thanks. By the way, what's your name?"

She returned my smile, "I'm Lynn."

"Thanks Lynn."

I looked back down at my pride and joy. He was so little but so chubby. I pulled his cap off and chuckled to myself, "Looks like I won the bet, little man." He had a head full of dark curly hair, almost exactly like his little cousin Alex. I laid him down on my legs and gently put his cap back on. I opened his blanket and his little fist came springing out, so much like his mom already, so much fight in him. I took my pinky to his little fist and he opened it and latched on. I cuddled in close to him; I was going to remember this moment for the rest of my life. A few tears dripped down and landed where my finger and his hand connected, I looked at his face and he cracked a little half smile. I knew he didn't understand what was going on around him but at that moment my whole world changed. I did not care what anyone thought or was going to say about us having a baby together so soon, or that she was too young. All that I cared about was this little man and my soon to be wife.

A bond was created today, a bond so strong that we wouldn't allow anyone to break it. Our little family is where our roots would take hold and we would grow. We were now molded into one, which would allow us to prepare for what the world would throw at us, and how we would deal with it.

3

I was enjoying my time with my son but I was also getting antsy about going to check on CC. I needed to see her for myself, to make sure she was really okay. Mrs. Cahill had left us alone after she'd got to hold her grandson for a little bit and he was just starting to wake up from his slumber. Nurse Lynn came back around to check in on us just as he started fussing. I didn't have the first clue what to do, so when she sauntered in relief rushed over me.

Lynn smiled at me, "I think it's feeding time. You ready?"

"Umm," I shook my head. "No. I don't have the first clue how to do this."

She patted me on the shoulder, "Sure you can. Let me grab a bottle and I'll be right back."

I guess I'm going to feed him. I didn't like that CC was missing this; she shouldn't be missing this. Guilt started to set back in. I looked down at my little man, flailing his arms while his face turned beet red. I tried to reel it in but Lynn came back and frowned at me.

"Hunter, are you ok? You look as white as a ghost and you're sweating."

I wiped my forehead and looked down at the baby. "Yeah, I'll be fine."

She handed me a napkin and the bottle. "Just put the nipple in his mouth and he should latch right on. If he doesn't, try and wiggle it around on his tongue."

I did as she said and he latched on perfectly, his color soon returning to normal. I looked up at Lynn and she was smiling at me; I couldn't help but feel proud.

"See, nothing to it. We'll pull the bottle out and burp him in a few minutes."

Lynn walked me through burping him and after he finished eating we got to work on changing his diaper. We were in the middle of the changing lesson when another nurse strolled in and told me that CC was in her room. I was torn. I felt like I needed to stay here with my son but I needed to check on CC too.

Lynn saw the turmoil on my face. "Hunter, he will be fine here. Go check on MacKenzie, we'll still be here when you get back."

I picked up my little man and kissed his warm, smooth cheek, "Sorry you were born into this chaos. I'm going to check in on your mom. I'll be back."

I handed him back to Lynn and turned to leave without looking back, afraid that she'd see me crying.

Right before I pushed the door open she called my name. I stopped but didn't turn around.

"If he's cleared by the doctors tomorrow, he'll be moved down to the maternity ward with MacKenzie and you."

I nodded and walked out of the door, making my way down the long hallway still dressed in my scrubs. When I walked into the waiting room a police detective walked out. I didn't recognize him. I thought I'd met all the detectives in the surrounding area at a lunch meeting for work a few weeks back.

I glanced around and everyone's eyes were on me. I wandered over to my mom and Mrs. Cahill to show them the picture of their grandson that I was able to take before I left him.

Mom started crying and gave me a big hug. Mrs. Cahill walked over to show her husband, he hugged her and offered me a proud smile.

"Well?" Hailey said, coming up to Mrs. Cahill to grab the phone.

"It's a boy!"

That seemed to bring a smile to everyone's faces. Jaylinn untangled herself from Cooper and came over to give me a hug. "Congratulations!"

"Thanks."

"Yeah, congrats bro." Cooper walked over and pulled Jaylinn back to his side. I still wasn't sure if I liked them being together, but right now I had other things to worry about.

Jackson, Chloe and Alex came over to me and offered their congratulations as well. Everyone was here but Mason. I looked over to Hailey and she must have read my mind, "He went in first to check on Kenzie."

I nodded my understanding. He knew that once I got in there I wasn't going to be leaving for a while and he needed to check on her for himself, just like I did. Mason and I were a lot alike.

A few minutes went by and Mr. Cahill cleared his throat, "So, the detective said that there was another car involved in the accident but they took off before the cops arrived. Witnesses described the car and by the sounds of it, Mason said it could have been Brittany's car."

The news hit me like a ton of bricks. I didn't respond for a few minutes, trying to work it all out in my head. Could she have been the cause of the accident? I prayed for her f**king sake she wasn't.

Cooper spoke up, "They're going to pull the video from the highway cameras and figure out exactly what happened."

"In the meantime, the detective wants us to contact him when Kenzie wakes up so that he can ask her a few questions." Jackson said.

Mason stormed back into the room but didn't look at me. He walked over to the table, grabbed his keys and left again. Hailey ran out behind him.

Everyone stared out of the door they just left through. Fuck this shit! I'm going in next so that I can get back to my little man.

I marched up to the nurses' station, told them who I was and they informed me what room she was in. I walked in and tried to brace myself for what I was about to see. Taking a deep breath, I pushed into CC's room.

My beautiful girl lay there. Wires, tubes, bandages and all other kinds of shit covered her body. FUCK! I fought back the tears; I put my fist to my mouth and bit down hard. I should have stopped at the house and picked her up, then none of this would be happening right now. She wouldn't be lying here in this sterile, freezing room and our baby boy wouldn't be by himself right now. As I stood back at the door, frozen, a nurse walked in. She went to CC and checked her vitals. She glanced at me, smiled and left the room.

I took tiny steps and inched closer to her. When I finally reached the bed, I grabbed her hand. The second our hands connected, her heart rate spiked slightly; I let go and it went back down. Interesting, at least I knew she felt me here. I knew she couldn't hear me but I needed to tell her about our boy.

I ran the back of my fingers along the side of her face that didn't have stitches. "Hey baby," Her heart rate spiked up a little again. "I got to meet our baby boy. He's perfect, CC. I wish to God you could see him, he looks so much like you."

A doctor strolled in; she nodded to me and made her way to the opposite side of the bed, introducing herself. "I'm Dr. Stopper, I delivered MacKenzie's baby this afternoon. I'm just here to check on her incisions."

I stepped back and gave the woman some room to do what she needed. She pulled the blankets back and lifted CC's hospital gown. Her body was covered in bruises, the worst being from the seat belt. Even with all those bruises, and everything else, she was still beautiful. She looked like an angel.

"She really is lucky. And so is that baby boy. Not many people survive something like that. Did you pick a name?" Dr. Stopper asked me.

"No, we didn't know what we were having," I took a deep breath. "We have a few names picked out but I don't want to name him without her." I stepped forward and grabbed her hand again. Just like before, her heart rate spiked just a little.

Dr. Stopper looked over at the monitor and then back at me, "It's clear she knows you're here with her. That's a good sign."

I offered her a small smile; it was all I could manage.

"Your son should be moved down here sometime tomorrow. Maybe that will help MacKenzie wake up; mothers sense their babies even in situations like this." She pulled the blankets back up and left the room.

Without breaking my connection with CC, I pulled over a chair, sat down and brought my head to rest where our hands were connected; I was exhausted from all of today's chaos. I closed my eyes and sent a silent prayer that everything would be okay in time.

"Hunter," my mom rubbed my head, "wake up sweetheart."

I sat up and rubbed the sleep from my eyes. "How long have I been out? I need to get back to my son."

"Relax sweetheart, it's only been a little while. Everyone is doing just fine."

Looking down at CC, she was still the same way she was before I closed my eyes. "Can you stay here with her? I want to go check on the baby."

"Of course."

I kissed the top of CC's head and left to go check on my son. When I arrived the room was empty, I started to panic, where would they have taken him?

I ran back down to the nurses' station but right before I reached it, Lynn strolled out of the last room on the right with the incubator behind her.

"Looking for someone?" she asked me with a smile.

I sighed in relief, "Sorry I took so long. Is he ok?"

She looked down at him, all bundled up in blankets, "Yes yes, we just ran some routine blood work. If that comes back clear you can bring him downstairs tomorrow."

I nodded my head, "Great. I think he needs his mom just as much as she needs him."

"I agree."

We wheeled my little man back into the NICU and I spent a few hours with him, holding him, feeding him, and bonding with him. Making memories that would last a lifetime. The only thing keeping this from being a perfect moment was CC, and I hated that she wasn't here.

4

I'd spent all night holding my little man. Lynn had taken him to get checked out one final time before we could move him down with CC, so I ran down to grab something to eat while I had the chance. On my way down to the cafeteria I called and checked in with my mom.

She picked up on the first ring, "Hey, Mom. Just wanted to let you know, they're moving our little man down to the maternity floor with CC in a few hours."

She sniffled, and I knew something was wrong. "That's great news, Hunter. Jaylinn and I will be by this afternoon. There are some things around here that I need to take care of before we can make it up there."

"Ma, what's going on?"

Sighing, "Nothing you need to worry about. Go get yourself something to eat and get back to that boy of yours. I'll see you soon."

"Alright Ma, but when you come up here you need to tell me about it." I was going to find out one way or another.

"Love you."

"Love you too."

I called Mrs. Cahill to let her know what was going on as well, "Hunter? Is everything ok?"

"Yeah, everything is fine. I just wanted to let you know that they're moving our little man down to Kenzie's room in a little while. I thought maybe you'd like to come and visit him."

"Oh Hunter, that's great news! I'll be up there as soon as I get ready."

"Ok, we'll see you soon."

I hung up and as I walked through the doors to the cafeteria I ran into Dominic. He was the last f**king person I wanted to see and I only hoped he hadn't been up to visit CC.

"H-hey," He looked down to the floor then back up to me. "How's Kenzie doing? I heard what happened on the news. I called Mr. Cahill and he said it was her."

"Cut the shit, Dom. Where is that f**king bitch, Brittany?" I was trying to control the urge to punch him straight in the face for even being involved with that stupid whore.

He held up his hands. "Dude, I have no idea. She left a few weeks ago and I haven't seen her since."

"Well the cops said there was another car involved but it took off before they got there. And from what Mason says, they described it as a perfect match for Britt's car."

He shook his head, "I swear I haven't seen her. We got into a huge fight and I told her since she couldn't get over the fact that Kenzie's baby wasn't mine, we were through. I don't know why she is so hell bent on believing that."

I was done listening to his bullshit - I needed to eat and get back to the ward; I didn't want to leave my son alone any longer than I had to. I shoulder checked him on my way past and left him in the corridor. I picked up an Arizona Iced Tea and heard someone clear their throat. I knew that Dom had followed behind me but I didn't want to waste anymore of my time with him.

"Is it alright if I go up and see her?" He asked, just above a whisper.

"No! Stay the f**k away from my family! I think you've done enough!" This time when I walked away he didn't follow.

I paid for my food and sat down at an empty table. I pulled out my cell and logged into Facebook, I had over fifty notifications. People were asking how CC and the baby were doing, asking if they could do anything, sending prayers and well wishes. I guess word spread pretty quickly. I tapped the search bar and typed in Brittany's name. I was hoping she had updated her status recently and I could see if it said where she was. Just like I thought, she was stupid enough to do so. Yesterday she wrote "Karma's a bitch" and it said she was in Cherry Hill, NJ.

I closed the app and called Mason. "Yo, what are you up to?"

"Um, Hailey is in the shower. She wants to come up and see Kenz. Are you still there?"

"Yeah, I'm not leaving unless they're both with me." I finished off the rest of my food and got up to throw my trash away.

"Any changes?"

"Not with Kenzie but they are releasing the baby down to her room in a little while. You guys should be able to finally meet him." I pushed the button for the elevator to go up to the NICU.

"That's good, that's good. Look, um, I want to tell you something but I need your word that you will not say anything until I can figure out what to do." He was talking low into the phone.

I stopped walking, "Alright, what's up?"

"The reason me and Hails have been fighting is because she found out about my dad last week and she wants to tell Kenzie." He huffed, "This is all so f**ked up. She wasn't supposed to be at my house for another hour."

I was confused, what about his dad? "Wait, your dad? What am I missing?"

"Well I guess I should tell you now too."

Hell yeah you should. "Yeah, I need to hear this. Kenzie kept asking me over and over again what was going on with you guys."

"You know how my dad works for the New York Stock Exchange?" He asked.

"Yeah," Where was he going with this?

"He's not a stockbroker. He's an FBI agent based out of New York."

Wow, I wasn't expecting that. "Are you serious?"

He grumbled, "Yeah, no one's supposed to know. Dad says it's safer this way. This is why we're so protective over Kenzie. Dad never wanted her to find out, he gets into some bad situations sometimes and never wanted this to touch us. He still doesn't. He only told Jackson, Cooper and I a few years ago when some bad shit was going down."

I squeezed my eyes shut and looked up to the ceiling. "I can't keep this from her. You can't ask me to."

He sighed again, "I know, but just keep it between us for now. I know she's going to find out. Dad is working with the police department to see if there was a lead on the other car that left the scene. Hopefully Kenzie will wake up soon and can help too."

I turned to look out the window and watched an old couple crossing the street. "Well I know for a fact, that bitch was in Jersey yesterday. I checked her Facebook status and she posted 'Karma is a bitch' and it said she was in Cherry Hill. Could you let your dad know for me?"

"Yeah sure,"

"Thanks bro, I'm going to go check on them now. I'll see you soon."

Later in the afternoon the baby was finally cleared and ready to be moved into the room with CC. We were lucky enough to keep Lynn as his nurse; he wasn't adjusting too well after being removed from the heat lamps and it was comforting having someone familiar around to handle his ups and downs. When his body temperature dropped slightly, he wouldn't eat or even take his binky. Lynn assured me that this could happen and it wasn't anything uncommon, she made the suggestion that the baby might actually respond to skin to skin contact. She asked if I wanted to give it a shot. I wasn't sure what she meant.

"This is something we normally have the mothers do, but since MacKenzie isn't able to help us we'll use the next best thing, that's you. All you need to do is remove your shirt, and then we strip the baby down to his diaper, and have you snuggle with him."

Okay, I could do this, it sounded simple enough. I grabbed the back of my collar and pulled my shirt over my head while Lynn went to work on taking the baby's clothes off, he wasn't happy about that at all. She turned to hand him over to me and her cheeks flushed pink. She smiled at me then quickly turned her head. I took a seat in the chair right next to CC and snuggled the little man close. Lynn threw a blanket over us and said she had to go make her rounds and that she would be back to check in on us soon.

As the baby finally started to settle we both sighed in relief; I pushed back on the chair and the recliner kicked out. I reached my right hand over and grabbed CC's tight, just needing her touch to help calm me. I heard her heart monitor pick up and a small smile played across my face. At least she was responding to me.

5

When I woke up, my whole body hurt. It was almost unbearable, but something was pulling me from my sleep. I tried to open my eyes but they were just too heavy. I tried to concentrate and figure out what was going on, where I was. I felt like there was something gagging me; there was pain in my stomach, chest and right leg, lots of pain. I remember driving; it was really raining hard. There was a bad crash, my car flipping. Someone was there, they were looking into my car; and then there was darkness.

I felt something warm run down my face. I tried to reach up and wipe it away but my arms were too heavy. I heard humming and knew Hunter was here with me, wherever I was.

"Sweetheart, why don't you go home for a few hours? You could shower, grab some food and try to get some sleep. I'll stay here with MacKenzie and the baby. They both need you to be strong for them." I knew that voice, it was my mom's, but what was she talking about a baby for?

A violent stab of pain hit my head. I was trying desperately not to give back in to the darkness. The humming stopped and Hunter's voice spoke, "I'm not leaving them, I can't."

I heard a little whimper of a cry, and then he went back to humming. I felt so confused. I tried opening my eyes again but they were still too heavy.

I felt someone grab my hand. I tried to squeeze it but didn't have the strength.

"Oh baby girl." Mom said, rubbing circles on the back of my hand with her thumb. "You have to wake up, your boys need you."

My boys, does she mean my brothers? Another flashback came to me. I was on my way to meet Hunter somewhere. Why was I meeting him?

The pain was increasing and the pull into the darkness was becoming too much to fight.

The noises in the room started phasing out, all except for the beeping. The constant beeping.

"Baby girl, if you can hear me squeeze my hand." Mom said.

Beep.

I tried to squeeze but I just couldn't.

Beep.

I felt warm fingers touch my face and gently rub from my temple to my jaw and back again. "CC, please open your bright blue eyes for me, baby."

Beep.

"I need you; I can't do this on my own." I heard him sniffle. "He looks just like you. Same little nose, head full of dark curly hair." He sniffled again. "I love you baby."

Then there was a long beep and the blackness finally took over.

As I was holding CC's hand I swear I felt a little squeeze, but a second later all the alarms on the machines started going off. I looked over at Mrs. Cahill with panic in my eyes, what the hell was going on? She had been fine for almost twenty-four hours.

The nurses came running into the room, heads down; avoiding our eyes. Mrs. Cahill and I stood up against the wall so we were out of the way. Little man was flailing his tiny arms and legs; I was trying to do everything I could to keep him calm. I knew exactly how he was feeling though. Lynn came into the room and searched until her eyes found mine, she marched quickly over to us and put her hand on my back, ushering me out of the room. I didn't want to leave CC by herself but I wasn't letting the baby go either.

"Lynn, what's going on? She was doing fine." I asked, just as Mrs. Cahill came out crying.

"Come on, let's get you guys into the private waiting room and I'll fill you in." She was being way too calm.

Lynn flipped the light switch as we walked in. "Hunter, when did he eat last?"

I looked down at him, still flailing and crying, "Um, a little over two hours ago. I was just about ready to feed him again."

Lynn went over to the door and called over her shoulder, "I'll be right back."

She walked out of the room and Mrs. Cahill came over to me with her hands out. I hesitated for a minute before handing him over to her. She laid his head on her shoulder and started rubbing his back while shushing him, then Lynn returned with a bottle, diaper and wipes. She shook the bottle and put the nipple on, then handed it over to Mrs. Cahill.

"So what happened?" I asked.

"Have a seat." She pulled out a seat and I sat down. "Hunter," she sat down next to me with a pained expression. "It seems as though MacKenzie's heart stopped."

My whole world stopped dead in its tracks. My heart sank into my stomach and tears pooled in my eyes.

"When I walked by just a second ago they were shocking her heart to get it to start again. From what I heard, they managed to get it going. I think she's ok. Let them do what they need to do to stabilize her and then I will find out exactly what's going on. Right now I need you to concentrate on that little man right there." She pointed over to Mrs. Cahill and the baby in the corner.

I pushed back from the table and hung my head in my hands as the tears flowed down my face. I heard Mrs. Cahill sniffling behind me. I knew I needed to be strong; I took a few deep breaths, wiped my faced and stood up. I looked over at Lynn, nodded and walked over to sit next to my son and his grandmother.

The nurse winked at me, then stood up and made her way out of the room.

Mrs. Cahill wiped under her eyes with the back of her hand. "Hunter, I'm so sorry this is happening. She's going to be ok. She's our little fiery, stubborn girl. She has too much in her to just give up without a fight."

I nodded; I didn't trust my voice to speak.

Ten minutes later, Mason, Hailey, Jaylinn, Cooper and my mom came into the room. All the girls had tears in their eyes. Mason and Cooper had their heads hung down.

Hailey practically ran over to me and threw her arms around my neck. I hugged her back tightly. She didn't say anything, but she didn't need to. Once she calmed down a little she let go, making way for Jaylinn and my mom to do the same thing.

I looked over at Mason who had my son wrapped up in his arms. Cooper had Jaylinn wrapped in his, both looking over Mason's shoulder.

I looked up at Mason, "Where's your dad?"

"He stopped at the police station; they found a lead on the car that took off." He looked over at his mom and then back to me.

"Mom, Dad doesn't know what's going on with Kenzie. Do you think we should call him?" Cooper asked.

Mrs. Cahill looked at me and shook her head. "No not yet. Let's wait a little while longer to see if Lynn comes back in with more information."

There was a silent conversation going on with the Cahills. You didn't have to be a genius to figure it out. What exactly that conversation was about, I didn't know. But I intended to find out. I wouldn't say anything about what Mason and I had talked about earlier, but there was more to it than that.

Mom came over and put her head on my shoulder. "Are you hanging in there?"

I nodded, "Yeah, the best I can."

Lynn walked back in the room with a small smile on her face. Mom lifted her head off my shoulder and grabbed my hand.

"MacKenzie's going to be ok, at least for now. They are taking her down to get a CAT scan, just to see if they missed something."

I sighed in relief. My mom squeezed my hand and I could feel her palms sweating. Mrs. Cahill walked over and patted my shoulder weakly.

"The doctors think she might have had a seizure, but they can't be too sure without the scan." Lynn looked at Mrs. Cahill and then glanced at Mom before making eye contact with me. "She was awake for a few minutes and she was saying your name."

I closed my eyes and my head fell forward.

"That's great news, Hunter." Mom said.

I whispered, "I know."

Later that day, Mr. Cahill stopped in and bought us all pizza, which I was immensely thankful for - I didn't feel like eating shitty cafeteria food again. Everyone took turns going in and checking on CC. She was resting peacefully again now and the doctors had confirmed that she had suffered a seizure. They said there was a small chance of her having brain damage but they would not know until she woke up.

Mason, Cooper and Mr. Cahill excused themselves for a little while; I figured they were going to talk about what their father found out earlier. I didn't have the energy to waste on worrying over that shit right now. I knew if it were something serious they would tell me.

Hailey was the last one to visit CC before everyone left for the night. She kissed the baby on his head and whispered, "Take care of your mama little one, and while you're at it your dad could use a little care too."

I smiled at her. She gave me a one armed hug, careful not to hit the baby in my arms. "I freshened her up for you. You can thank me later." She kissed the side of my head and walked towards the door.

Mason gave me our signature handshake and then said, "Go take care of my sister." He bent his head and kissed our little man before grabbing Hailey's hand and leaving.

"Well it looks like it is just me and you little guy, you ready to go see your mom?"

He grunted, I guess that was my answer.

I placed him in the bassinet and then strolled down the hall to CC's room.

When we walked in I cracked a little smile. Hailey had freshened up CC, just like she'd said. Her hair was piled into a very loose bun on top of her head, her face had just a touch of make-up and her lips shimmered slightly. She looked like Sleeping Beauty.

I took our little man back out of the bassinet and stood close to CC. I wanted nothing more than to hold both my babies in my arms at that moment.

I decided right then that I was going to press my luck. I placed the baby in the bassinet for just a second. I turned back to CC; put my arms behind her neck and under her knees and moved her over just a little bit. I reached for the collar of my shirt and pulled it over my head and threw it on the chair, then took the baby out of his onesie. I picked him and his blanket up and ever so gently climbed into bed with CC.

The three of us cuddled together. We needed to smell her. To feel her breathe. To hold her.

No matter what struggles lay before us, we would keep going, because we had the will and strength to overcome it all. No matter what was beyond our control, nothing could ever take away from the family bond we made right at that moment.

6

A week passed and CC still hadn't regained consciousness. The doctors were saying they were leaving her to wake up naturally. She had the surgery to fix her crushed ankle, which was now in a cast, along with her wrist. The nurse removed the stitches from her forehead that morning. The bruises on her body were yellowing, but her skin was pasty white, not the normal milky white that I loved. I missed staring into her bright blue eyes. I missed the way she kissed me. I missed her voice.

The baby and I were adjusting. He was being released today. Jaylinn and Cooper were going to be staying with us to help me look after him while I ran up to the hospital for a few hours each day. If they had to work, Chloe, Mrs. Cahill or my mom would come over. Chloe offered to keep him overnight tonight, but I wasn't ready for him to be out of my sight for too long.

I was standing in the kitchen, washing the baby's bottles and getting ready for his homecoming when Cooper walked in behind me, still half asleep.

He mumbled something to me that sounded like "good morning" but I couldn't be sure. It was only 5:35 a.m. and Cooper wasn't a morning person.

"Did I wake you up?" I asked him through a yawn.

"No, your sister did. She's f**king nuts to sleep with. She elbowed me in the eye." He shook his head. "Last night she punched me in the nose."

Good, serves him right; he shouldn't be sleeping with her anyway. They were still claiming that nothing was going on between them. "Maybe you shouldn't sleep with her; you know you do have your own f**king house."

He grumbled. He knew I was f**king with him. I appreciated everything that everyone was doing for us, but I still didn't like him being with my sister. He was the biggest player out of all of us.

"So did you name my nephew yet or what?" He asked, taking the OJ out of the fridge.

"No. I don't want to name him without your sister."

"Well it's kinda weird when someone asks me what his name is. I don't want to keep talking about Kenzie every time someone wants to know." I nodded my head; I knew what he meant. People were asking me too. "You're going to have to name him today before you can bring him home."

"I know. It just doesn't seem right to without her."

"Well until you decide, I'm calling him Chaos."

I looked over at him with my eyebrows pulled together. Chaos. Okay, I like that, and it does seem fitting.

"If you don't like it, we can call him something else." Cooper said.

"No. No, I like it. It fits. He was born into the chaos." I grabbed a burp rag off the counter and smiled all the way back to the bedroom. The more I thought about it, the more I liked it.

I was sitting on the couch with my feet kicked up on the ottoman, watching the New York Giants beat the Philadelphia Eagles' ass in the fourth quarter of the game from Sunday night, when Mrs. Cahill walked in with a bag full of stuff.

After setting it down on the table, she looked over at me and smiled. "I don't know if I tell you enough Hunter, but I'm so proud of you." She got teary eyed. She looked down at her hands and said, "If it was anyone else, I'm not sure if they would have stuck around."

I got up from the couch, walked over to her and hugged her. She started crying, this was hard on her. It was hard on all of us. I think Chaos was really keeping us all from losing it.

I let go of her when she finally calmed down. "I'm sorry I'm such a mess." She laughed and grabbed a tissue off the table to wipe under her eyes.

I shoved my hands in my pockets, "It's ok."

"Well I'm just going to unpack this, why don't you head on up to the hospital? I was up there this morning and the nurse said that she had a good night." She started unpacking the food and other stuff from the bag.

"Alright, I've got some stuff to do before I head up there. I'll be bringing Chaos home in the early afternoon though." I picked up my helmet and keys from the table.

"Chaos?" she asked.

"Coop named him." I smiled a real smile, something that I haven't done enough lately. "I like it."

She smiled back, "I do too." She put the milk in the fridge then frowned when she saw my helmet. "Please be careful."

Shaking my head I said, "I will. I have two things that mean the world to me."

I jumped on my bike and headed about thirty minutes north of my house to the Honda dealer. CC's car was totaled and even if it wasn't, there was no way in hell I was allowing her to drive it again. I knew she was going to be pissed off at me when she found out what I did without talking to her first, but I didn't give a shit. Their safety was my number one priority. Plus, having an SUV would be a lot easier with the baby; my truck wasn't exactly ideal. For starters CC had to hop to get in since she was so short, there was no way she would be able to lift the car seat into the back.

I pulled into the parking lot and cut the bike off. I had seen the Honda Pilot SUV a month ago and I was trying to talk CC into letting me buy it but she'd refused, saying her car was just fine. Well, now that it wasn't I was going for it.

The salesman came out and greeted me; I told him exactly what I was looking for. He showed me a few different ones, the base model, the 2-wheel drive model, and the 4-wheel drive model. I figured since I was getting my way, I was going to get what I felt was best for them. I went with the 4-wheel drive.

I really wanted the white, but they didn't have it in the model I wanted. I didn't want to wait for them to order one so I went with the black one instead. I had to admit I was kind of jealous. The Pilot was hot. It had all black leather upholstery, all power features, and a rear DVD entertainment system. It also had a sun roof - which I knew CC would love - a navigation system with back-up camera, and a Bluetooth Hands Free device so she wouldn't be distracted by her phone. There would be plenty of cargo space for all the baby's things too.

I took it out for a test drive and before I even hit 30 MPH I knew this was the car. We went back to the dealership and got started on the paperwork. An hour and a half later we were proud owners of a 2011 Honda Pilot.

Since I had my bike with me, I called Mason to come and ride it while I drove the Pilot home.

"Yo, you busy?" I asked when he answered.

"Not really. Just on my way home from the hospital." He sounded a lot happier today than he had been. Mason was taking all this almost as bad as I was. "What's up?"

"Well, I just bought us a Pilot. Can you come ride my bike home?"

"You're f**king nuts you know that?" he said, laughing.

"Yeah I know. She can beat my ass when she wakes up. Are you coming or not?"

"I'll be there in ten minutes."

While I waited for Mason to show up, I played around with the stereo system, making sure to set all of CC's favorite stations. God, I missed her.

Mason pulled up next to me with Hailey in the passenger side seat. She came bouncing around the side of her Jeep all smiles.

"Think she'll like it?" I asked her.

"Well if she doesn't, you can always give it to me." Don't get me wrong, I was glad she seemed back to her normal, spunky self but what the f**k was she so happy about? She knew CC was going to give me shit about it.

"What's with you two?" I asked them suspiciously.

Hailey started cracking up and Mason just shook his head. "Never mind, I don't want to know."

I threw my bike keys at him, but of course the ass**le couldn't catch anything that wasn't a baseball. I shook my head and hopped into the Pilot to drive home.

I pulled into the driveway carefully. Leaving the car running, I grabbed the car seat, which I'd left right by the front door. I tried to figure the damn thing out, but Christ it was confusing. I remembered the nurse telling me someone would check it before they released the baby. Thank God for that.

Mason pulled in with my bike, followed by Hailey in her Jeep. She jumped out and ran into my house like she did every time she came over. I was going to have to replace the locks soon - I couldn't have her walking in on me and CC again. I chuckled, thinking of the time she caught us ha**ng s*x on the kitchen counter. We were still working on christening the whole house. You would have thought she'd have learnt her lesson but she caught us again a few days later on the back deck.

"Why does she do that?" I asked Mason.

"Why does she do half the shit she does?" He made a valid point.

She came out with a diaper bag in her hand and thrust it at me. "You're going to need this, big guy."

Yeah I guess I was. I was so damn nervous about taking Chaos home I didn't even think about it. "I packed a few outfits in there for you; I wasn't sure what you wanted to bring him home in."

I leaned down and kissed the top of her head, earning me a glare from Mason. "Thank you."

"You're welcome. Now go bring my nephew home," She reached her tiny little arms up around my neck and whispered in my ear. "And my best friend."

She let go and I smiled at her. I would bring my son home today but I could only hope that CC would soon follow.

The whole drive to the hospital I made a mental list of baby names that CC and I talked about. I remembered what she said her two favorites were and I would pick one of them; I just wasn't sure which one yet.

I stopped at the nurse's desk before making my way to CC's room. They had me meet with the safety inspector to get the car seat all situated so that I would be ready to go once the doctor gave his final ok.

After that, I walked into CC's room and stopped dead in my tracks.

7

I started coming around; I could hear the beeping noise again. The pain was still really bad; I didn't feel like I had been run over anymore though. I tried to open my eyes a few times before they finally fluttered open. I took in the room I was in, a standard hospital room. In front of me was a TV mounted on the wall, under that was a whiteboard. On the board it read: 'Today your nurse is: Lynn, Room 312'. Next to the whiteboard was what looked to be a bathroom, and then the door onto the corridor. On the left side of the room was a huge window; I guessed it was the middle of the night because it was dark out. There was a chair set up under the window and another covered in a blanket and pillow. Next to my bed, on the right, was a wall closet covered with flowers, cards and balloons telling me to 'Get Well', wishing me 'Congratulations' and informing me 'It's a Boy'. I instantly reached down and grabbed for my baby bump, only there wasn't one. Oh god, what happened with the baby? Is he ok? Did he get hurt?

A nurse, maybe Lynn, walked in. "Well look who's awake. How are you feeling MacKenzie?"

I tried to talk but nothing came out, and it was then the thirst hit me. Lynn saw me trying to swallow, she walked over to the rolling table that was set up right next to me and poured me a glass of water. She put a straw in and offered it to me; I closed my lips around the plastic and sucked the water in. I've never tasted anything so good.

When I was finished she put the cup down and introduced herself, "I'm Lynn, one of the nurses who have been looking over you and your baby."

I smiled, "Thank you."

"How do you feel, pain wise, on a scale from one to ten?"

I had to think about it for a minute; I had so much running through my head, "About an eight."

She nodded and jotted it down on the little computer on her cart. She reached in her pocket for a thermometer and took my temperature, then proceeded to take my blood pressure. "Let me go find one of the doctors to examine you and then we'll see what we can give you for the pain."

"Wait...Can you tell me what happened to my son?" I started getting choked up.

"The doctor can explain everything to you, but rest assured everything's ok." Lynn was a pretty nurse. Short blonde hair, big brown almond shaped eyes. She was a tiny little thing, short and skinny.

"Ok, thank you."

"No problem sweetie, I'll be right back."

When she left, I noticed that my hand and foot were in casts. I tried to sit up slightly in bed, bad idea, my stomach screamed out in pain along with my head. It felt like someone had taken a baseball bat to my head.

The doctor walked in with Lynn behind him. "Hello MacKenzie, how are you feeling?"

"Pretty bad." I answered with a groan.

Lynn handed him my chart and he wrote that down I guess. "Do you remember what happened?"

"Um," I closed my eyes, trying to remember exactly what happened. "I remember I had a doctor's appointment and it was raining. I remember driving down 295 and seeing a crash in front of me." I opened my eyes and looked at him writing away on my chart. "Everything after that happened so fast. I know I lost control and I flipped my car, but nothing really after that."

He finished writing while nodding his head. "That's good. You gave your family a pretty good scare."

I looked down at my hands and a few tears dropped onto the blanket.

"Well I'm Dr. Clearly, I've been working on you since you arrived seven days ago. When you arrived you were unconscious, we assessed all of your injuries, and then hooked you up to the ultrasound monitor to check on the baby. The on call OB-GYN made the call to perform an emergency Caesarean-section. You were having contractions and it was safer to deliver the baby than it was to wait." He glanced down at the chart and then continued. "The baby was delivered at 4:38 p.m. and is perfectly healthy." A few more tears fell. "You appeared to have protected the baby during the crash and took most of the injuries to your wrist and ankle. After your Caesarean section we put you into a medically induced coma so that we could tend to your other injuries. You dislocated your thumb on your left hand, which we have since reset. Your right wrist is broken and will need to be in the cast for at least six weeks. Your right ankle was severely crushed and we operated on it, so that too will be in a cast for six weeks." He closed his chart and handed it back to Lynn. "After your surgery we took you off the medication for the coma, but while we were waiting for you to wake up, you had a seizure. So now that you are awake we'd like to get a CAT scan to make sure everything is ok. One of the nurses will come and get you shortly to have that done. We'll see how everything goes after the results return."

I held it together until the doctor left the room and I was all alone. Crying made my head feel like someone was beating drums on it, but I couldn't help it. I couldn't believe that I'd missed the first seven days of my son's life. I must have cried myself to sleep because a nurse came in and gently shook me awake to tell me we were heading down for the CAT scan.

When I was back in my room, Lynn explained that I woke up about an hour after Hunter left. She said he'd been here day in and day out and last night was the first night he'd left me alone. She explained that he'd been hesitant about leaving but wanted to go home and have everything ready for the baby's release today. She was supposed to call if anything at all changed with me. I told her not to call. I knew he would be back very soon and I needed to process everything on my own for a little bit. I didn't want my family dealing with this for me.

Everything in my life had changed in the blink of an eye. I got into my first major accident and I damn near died. I missed the birth of my child, the guilt of that alone was enough for me to want to go back into coma so I wouldn't have to deal with it. Hunter had to step up and be a dad without me, something I never wanted to happen, we were in this together. My body was not the same, nor would it ever go back to the way it was. I'd broken my ankle and wrist, my wrist would heal just fine, my ankle on the other hand was worrying me. I'd had an emergency C-section and my stomach was cut open to deliver the baby. The same baby I didn't even want to look at because I felt like I'd failed him already.

Around nine the next morning, my mom, Mason and Hailey came for a visit. When they walked in my mom started crying and ran to hug me, Mason had the biggest smile on his face and Hailey squealed and threw her arms around Mason.

"How come no one called us?" My mom asked when she finally started calming down.

"I asked the nurse not to. It was the middle of the night; I knew you guys would all be here soon."

"So Hunter doesn't know yet?" Mason asked, still holding Hailey.

"No. The nurse said the baby is being released so he went home to get everything ready."

I looked over at Hailey and lifted my arms so she would come and give me a hug. I knew she was waiting. "Have you seen him yet Kenz? He looks like you." I was still squeezing her with my good arm. I didn't want to let go.

I gave one last squeeze then released her, "No I haven't yet. I wanted to wait for Hunter." I lied, I could have seen him. Lynn had said she could get him from the nursery for me, I said the same thing to her then that I just did to Hailey.

She shrugged her shoulders, not thinking anything of it, "Yeah I think I'd want to wait too."

I filled them in on what I remembered from the crash and the CAT scan that I'd had, and told them I was waiting to hear from the doctor again on the results. They didn't want to stay long in case Hunter showed up, so they said their goodbyes and promised they would be back after dinner.

Later in the afternoon Lynn came wheeling the bassinet in my room. "Someone is hungry, Mom." She said, smiling at me.

Damn, I'm not ready for this. "I really want to wait for Hunter if that's ok."

She reached in and grabbed my son who was all bundled up in blankets with a hat on his head.

I heard the rattle of the handle before the door opened. My chest tightened at the sight of Hunter, he's so intoxicating, tantalizing. "Hey handsome." I managed before I burst into tears.

CC was sitting up in bed; Lynn was standing right next to her holding our son. I just stood there blinking.

"Hey, handsome." she said. They were the first words out of her mouth in eight days, not that I was counting or anything.

I looked between her and Lynn, my mind racing. "How come no one called me?" I asked Lynn.

Lynn glanced down at CC, "I was requested not to. Someone said you needed your rest."

Finally, feeling like I could move and not wake up in a bad dream, I walked over to CC and kissed her forehead. As soon as my lips connected with her skin, I felt her start to shake.

I pulled back and cupped her face with my hands, careful of the still healing scar on her forehead, and wiped her tears away. "I love you. I love you so f**king much." I bent down and captured her lips with mine.

Someone cleared their throat, damn it, I'd forgotten that Lynn was in the room. CC giggled, God I missed that sound. "How's Chaos doing?" I asked Lynn.

CC snorted, "Chaos?" Then reached for the tissue I was offering her.

I shrugged my shoulders, coming around the other side of her bed to take him from Lynn, "Coop named him Chaos this morning. I like it."

Lynn held the baby out for me to take and excused herself, saying she had rounds to make and would be back later.

"She likes you."

I rolled my eyes, "How would you know? You just woke up."

She smiled, "I know."

I shook my head and sat at the end of her bed, making sure to be careful of her broken ankle. "So, how are you feeling?"

"Besides a killer headache and a throbbing wrist and ankle," she shrugged, "I feel fine. The doctors sent me for a CAT scan; I'm waiting for the results."

I got the chills thinking back to the night she had the seizure. "You gave us quite a scare you know. I thought I'd lost you."

She looked over at the tray next to her bed and grabbed a tissue. Then she covered her face and started sobbing. I stood up and went to the baby's bassinet, kissed his head and laid him down. I walked over to CC and grabbed her hand away from her face; even with bloodshot eyes and blotchy cheeks she was gorgeous.

She looked up at me with glassy eyes, "I'm sorry. I was being so careful."

"I know baby. No one is blaming you. If anyone is to blame here it's me, I should have come to pick you up."

There was so much pain and hurt in her eyes, she was breaking my heart. "You're beautiful in this," I turned my head to look at Chaos, "perfect disaster."

Finally, a real smile that touched her eyes, "I love you."

"I love you." I kissed her until we were both breathless.

"Did you see Hailey before you came up here?" she asked.

She tried to scoot over but winced when she did. I frowned and bent to gently scoop her up and slide her over. "Thanks babe."

I winked at her, "Yeah I saw Hailey, why?"

"Did she give you the diaper bag?"

I looked over to the door, where I dropped the bag when I came in. "Do you want it?" I had no clue what she would need in there. It's not like she could dress Chaos with her hand still in a cast.

"Yes please."

I grabbed the bag and put it next to her on the bed. I was eyeing her suspiciously. "What do you need in there?"

"I need to get out of this shitty ass gown. I told her to grab a few things for me." She was fumbling around in the bag trying to find what Hailey packed.

"That explains what was wrong with Mason and Hailey. They go from wanting to kill each other, to practically ha**ng s*x right in front of me. And that is something I don't want to see." I shivered.

CC put her head back and took a few deep breaths. "CC, what's wrong?"

She squeezed her eyes shut, "I have a splitting headache. Can you look in there for my stuff?"

I emptied the baby things onto the dresser and began removing CC's. Hailey had packed shit I hadn't even thought about, I knew I put up with her for a reason. While I was laying stuff out on the bed Chaos started fussing. It sounded like a hungry cry to me.

"Do you know when he last ate?" I asked CC while she lay there with her eyes still squeezed shut.

"No, but that's why Lynn was in here." She lifted her head up and looked over at her son.

"Do you want to feed him?"

"Umm," she grabbed the hairbrush and started playing with the handle, "no, you can do it."

I got the baby's bottle ready, scooped him up and started feeding him. As soon as the nipple was in his mouth he was a happy little man again.

I was sitting in the recliner, feeding, when Lynn came back in to check on things. She took CC's temperature and blood pressure. "On a scale of one to ten how is your pain level?"

"It's still about an eight. I have a really bad headache."

She typed it into the little computer she had, "Would you like something for the pain? You're due for some relief."

"Yes, please." CC said.

She glanced up at me feeding the baby, a small smile breaking out on her face. Now that CC had pointed it out, I started to think maybe Lynn did like me. I wish she wouldn't make it so noticeable. She was nice to look at - one of those pretty, girl next door types; nothing over the top about her. She was a little shorter than CC and had those doe eyes that made her look innocent. Her blonde hair was pixie styled, and I hate short hair. Her only really good feature was her tits. She was nothing compared to CC, not even a blip on my radar.

"I'll go grab you something." She rolled her cart out of the room and shut the door.

I gazed over at CC watching me feed our son and a sense of relief washed over me. A feeling I had been yearning for during the longest week of my life. My family is complete; we'd made it over this hurdle and could overcome everything else that was thrown at us.

8

When Lynn walked back in with the medicine I sighed in relief. I knew Hunter would catch on to what I was doing eventually, but I was going to hold out as long as I could. I felt like the worst mother in the world, I knew the baby wouldn't understand but it was really bothering me.

"Here you go; this will probably make you sleepy." Lynn explained to me while she injected the medicine into my IV.

Even better. "Thanks."

She threw the trash in the bin, smiled over at Hunter who smiled back at her, then she left the room. There was an uncomfortable quietness that fell between us when we were alone.

Hunter placed the bottle on the tray table, lifted the baby to his shoulder and started burping him. He peered over at me and our eyes locked. Hunter was the one for me; I thought I knew it before, but the feeling that I had in that moment, observing him take care of our son, just sealed the deal. Watching his six foot two frame, two hundred and thirty pounds of solid muscle with tattoos everywhere, had me in tears.

"CC, what's the matter?" he asked, sorrow deeply set in his eyes.

I wiped my eyes with my one hand, and then tried to force a smile. "Nothing, just these hormones have me going all crazy I guess."

He smirked at me, "Is that the only reason?"

He can read me like a book, I shrugged my shoulders. "I love watching you with him. It's like you already have the father-son bond down."

"Yeah, we've had some time while we were waiting for you." Just as he finished saying that, the baby puked all down the back of his shirt.

Without moving the baby he tried to look behind him, "Did he just puke?"

I started giggling, who would have ever thought we would be dealing with this so soon? "Yup, little stinker got you all down your back."

Hunter swore under his breath, lifted the baby off his shoulder and practically threw him into my arms. I froze and Hunter immediately noticed.

"You haven't even seen him yet have you?"

Even though I was holding the baby, I couldn't bring myself to look down at him. I didn't trust my voice so I just shook my head.

Hunter took a deep breath, reached behind him and pulled his shirt off, then threw it on top of the diaper bag. Seeing him standing there in a black wife beater, my favorite pair of plaid shorts and his black Yankees hat, I blushed. I would have thought I'd be over that by now. Maybe I never will be; he was gorgeous. His eyes were my favorite; they're like the ocean. You could see every emotion crash, every storm brewing. Every brainstorm he had was like lightning hitting the sand; he always made it out to be incredible. His eyes showed me everything his heart was saying.

Very carefully, he shifted us over in the bed just a little so he was able to lay on his side with us. "CC, I know this is hard for you, but babe you need to do it. He's a part of you, of us. I know you probably feel like all this is your fault. I felt like that too, I should have protected the both of you that day, but there wasn't anything anyone could do."

I sniffled, "I can't Hunter, I feel like a horrible mom."

"Stop this shit now, you are not and you never will be. Just look at him CC, he's perfect."

I squeezed my eyes shut. Hunter rested his head on my shoulder and then the butterflies started.

"Come on, just look, he's watching you."

The moment I looked down at my son, I knew right then, I would never be the same. His little eyes were wide and staring right at me. He looked like he didn't know whether to cry or stay quiet. Hunter was right; he was perfect, beautiful even. I thought for sure he was going to be bald but Hunter had called it; he had a head full of dark curly hair. He had a cute little button nose, just like I did when I was born, right along with the chubby cheeks.

Hunter reached over and ran his pointer finger down the side of the baby's face and his little eyes closed. He repeated the comforting action until eventually, quietly, the little one fell asleep.

"So I think it's time we named him." Hunter said, smiling at our son.

"Yeah, I think you're right. How come you didn't before now?" I secretly kind of hoped that he wouldn't.

He smirked at me, "Really? You're asking me that? You would have kicked my ass if I picked something you didn't like."

"What if I didn't make it?" I asked seriously.

The smirk fell from his face, "Don't talk like that."

I frowned, "I love you." I loved him more than he would ever know.

"I love you more."

"So a name, any of the ones we picked work for you?" We had a list of ten names but to me none of them fit now I'd seen his face.

"I like Ryder."

"Ryder?" When I said it the baby sighed and I giggled.

"I think he likes it." Hunter said, kissing my shoulder.

"I'd say so. You like that name do you?" I cooed to our son and he sighed again. Maybe this mom thing was going to be okay after all. I still felt like I didn't deserve to be his mom after the accident, but just sitting there staring at him did something to me. I'd never wanted to protect anything or anyone more than I did then.

"Ryder it is. I still really like Chaos though." Hunter said and Ryder smirked.

Hunter and I both started laughing. "Ryder Chaos McCormick." I liked it and was sure Cooper would be thrilled that we kept the name he picked out.

"Ryder Chaos McCormick." Hunter repeated.

"I think Coop's going to be happy we kept his silly name." I kind of liked it too though, and I would make sure I told Cooper.

Hunter and I chatted for a little while before my eyes grew heavy. He grabbed the baby from my arms and placed him back in the bassinet before climbing back into bed with me.

I was lying in bed with CC, holding her while she slept. I knew she was in pain and I was glad they were giving her medicine to make her comfortable, but I wanted to keep talking to her. I'd missed her so much. I was glad she'd gotten over her fear of Ryder, when I handed him over to her I hadn't realized it was the first time she had seen him. I'd just assumed, and you know what they say about people who assume shit.

There was a tap on the door and Dr. Stopper walked in with Lynn behind her. "Just wanted to give you the paperwork for the baby's release, but we need a name before we can do that. Have you and MacKenzie decided on one yet?"

I untangled myself from CC and sat up. "Yes we have."

Lynn smiled at me and handed me the paperwork. "You'll have to fill these out and get them back to me. I'll get Dr. Stopper to sign off and then you can take him home."

I shook my head and took the paperwork, "Okay, thanks."

Ryder was just having his final checks, so I took the opportunity to ask Lynn if she knew anything about MacKenzie's release.

She frowned but seemed to catch herself and changed her expression quickly, "I'm not sure, but Dr. Clearly should be making his rounds soon. How is she?"

I knew what she was really asking, "She's better. We worked through it." That's all she needed to know. I didn't want her to think any less of CC.

When Dr. Stopper was done with Ryder he was kicking his little legs and waving his little fists everywhere. I'm not sure how CC was sleeping through all of this, that medicine must have really knocked her out.

"As soon as the paperwork is filled out, he can go home with you today." Dr. Stopper informed me before she turned the water on and started washing her hands.

I stood up from the bed to shake her hand, "Thank you so much for all that you've done for us."

She grinned, "You're welcome. Take care of your family, Hunter."

"Will do."

Both the doctor and Lynn left the room and I went over to Ryder to settle him down. I saw CC stir in the corner of my eye and turned to her as I picked up our boy.

"Everything okay?" she asked, yawning.

I snuggled Ryder in my arms, "Yeah, Dr. Stopper was here to give us the release paperwork." He wiggled his little hands out of his blanket and started crying even louder. I laid him down on the foot of CC's bed and re-wrapped him like Lynn taught me. "Daddy's gonna make everything better."

CC sniffled; I looked over at her, "Everything okay with you?"

She tried to smile but it wouldn't come fully, "Everything is perfect, Hunter. I can't wrap my head around this, it's so surreal."

I knew exactly how she was feeling because I was feeling it too. I knew this probably wasn't the best time to bring this up but I wanted to do it as quickly as possible. "I know you said you wanted to wait until after the baby to get married, but I want to do it as soon as possible now. I don't want to wait another day to marry you." I reached over and brushed the tears under her eye. "I want us to be a real family. I want you both to have my name."

I saw it in her eyes, the wheels were turning. I knew she was going to try to talk her way out of it and I wasn't going to let her. I didn't give a shit if I had to carry her down the aisle. She was mine; she always has been and always will be.

"Don't you think we should wait until I'm better?" Her voice was shaky when she spoke.

"No. Not at all. I almost lost you; I don't want to wait another God damn minute." I stated.

There it was; I saw it. Her mind was made up. "Okay." She whispered. "But," Damn, almost, "I want to be able to walk down the aisle."

I smirked at her, "Or you can just let me carry you."

She laughed, "You're crazy."

"Only about you."

Our little banter was cut off by Ryder crying, "You want to give him his bottle this time?"

I saw the panicked look on her face, the same one I'd had when Lynn asked me that first time. "It's ok, I'll be right here with you."

She nodded her head. I propped a pillow under her arm so she wouldn't struggle so much with the broken wrist, then handed over Ryder and beamed as her face lit up when she held him close to her heart. "See, you've got the touch already." I winked at her. "I'll get the bottle and we'll sit here and do it together."

As CC and I fed our child, we talked about the upcoming holidays and how different they were going to be now. We talked about dressing the baby up for Halloween even though he was too small to take out; she really wanted to get pictures of him. Who was I to deny her anything after everything she'd been through? I'd give her the world if I could. We were going to keep our normal routine and spend Thanksgiving and Christmas together with our families.

"So, what about New Years? Think it will be too soon to leave Ryder with your mom?" I really wanted to plan something for us alone. I knew we wouldn't get a lot of that time together anymore.

"Do you have plans?" she asked playfully. Now wasn't the time or the place for this but my pants started shrinking. Think of something else, anything else.

CC started laughing. I glared at her, "What's so funny?"

She looked down at my jeans and before she could notice, I quickly adjusted myself. Cooper chose that moment to walk in.

"Damn dude, keep that shit in your pants. You're going to scar my nephew."

This time CC, Cooper and Jaylinn were laughing. I glared at all of them and walked over to the door, counting backwards.

"How's Chaos doing?" Cooper asked; taking the seat I'd just vacated next to CC.

"Chaos, huh?" CC asked. I turned to look over at her, wondering if she was going to tell Cooper that we'd decided to keep the name.

Cooper smiled, "Yeah. You know he was born in complete chaos."

CC winked at me before looking at Cooper, "Well Coop, meet Ryder Chaos, Ryder meet Uncle Coop but please, Mommy is begging you, don't grow up to be like him."

Jaylinn started laughing, "Yeah, please don't."

Cooper stood up and came to stand by me, glaring at the girls. The door hit me in the back and I stepped forward for Mason to stick his head in.

"Yo, I need to talk to you for a minute." He said to me and then glanced over at CC. As soon as she felt his eyes on her, she looked up and I could tell she sensed something was about to happen.

I went over and kissed her head, "I'll be right outside the door."

Cooper held the door open for me and then followed me out, leaving the girls alone. "What's going on Mase?"

9

Once the door closed behind Cooper, I glanced at Jaylinn, "Jay, what's going on?"

She wouldn't look at me; she wouldn't want me to worry so she wasn't going to say anything. I hated that everyone was always hiding shit from me; I'm not a God damn kid anymore. I've had a baby, I'm about to get married, and I think I can handle shit.

"Jay, if you aren't going to answer me then leave." She tensed before her eyes shot up to mine. I didn't want to be a bitch to her but enough was enough.

"Kenzie, don't worry about it right now. It's not a big deal anyway." She was desperately trying to make me believe that things weren't about to blow up behind that door.

"Really? If it's not a big deal then how come they wouldn't talk in here?"

"I don't know, I guess because of the baby and no one wants you to worry." Her eyes were pleading with me to drop it.

I tried to shift myself and sit up more but with the baby resting on my arm and my wrist so injured, I just couldn't move. This was so frustrating! I couldn't do anything for myself and my damn headache was coming back. I wasn't going to tell the nurse until I got some answers from someone though.

The guys walked back in as I was still trying to shift myself, Hunter noticed and came over to help me right away. "Can you just take him?"

"Are you in pain?" Hunter asked while taking the bottle from me and picking up the baby.

I winced as I tried to move again. "Just a little, I'll be fine though."

He turned to his sister, "You want to feed him the rest?" She grabbed Ryder, not needing to be asked twice, and sat in the chair beside Cooper.

"So what's going on?" I looked directly at Mason. I could read him better than I could Cooper or Jackson.

"Nothing much, how are you feeling?" he said casually.

I glared at him and Cooper started laughing. Mason looked over at Hunter who was standing next to me and it was like they were reading each other's mind.

"Hey ass**les, I'm right here." I wasn't hooked up to the monitors anymore, but if I were they'd be going crazy.

Hunter shook his head and sat on the bed next to me, Mason sighed loudly before he finally answered me. "There was a detective here that wanted to talk to you about the accident. We asked him if he could give you a few days."

Hunter reached over and gave my hand a reassuring squeeze. "He's telling you the truth. I know we haven't talked about the accident and I really didn't want to bring it up until you did, but," he shrugged his shoulders, "you're too damn stubborn."

I squeezed Hunter's hand back and he looked at them, entwined on the white sheets. I glanced over at Mason who had moved to sit next to Cooper and Jaylinn. "Both of you, no all of you, please don't keep things from me. I can handle shit! I'm not a little girl anymore. It's time for me to start fighting my own battles." I was still looking at Mason but I saw in the corner of my eye that the other two were nodding.

Hunter kissed the side of my head then let go of my hand to reach across and grab the paperwork on the table. "We need to get these filled out so the doctor can sign off on them."

"Right." This was going to be rough on me tonight; I didn't want to be left alone. I would figure out a way to get the doctor to release me tomorrow.

I worked on filling out the paperwork with Hunter while everyone else just hung out and spent some time with us. I missed this; I wish I wasn't stuck in this damn bed though. I just wanted to be in our home.

As we were finishing up, Chloe and Jackson showed up with flowers and balloons. "Hey, sis!" Jackson said, coming over to place the flowers on the bedside table.

Hunter got up off the bed, "I'm going to find Lynn and get these to the doctor so we can get things moving."

Chloe replaced him on the bed while Jackson sat beside her, facing the others.

"Hey Mase, where's Hailey?" Jackson asked.

Mason scratched his head and looked down towards the floor, "She umm," he reached up and put his hands behind his head. "She's home. She said she would come up later."

Cooper chuckled, "Yeah I'm sure she is."

I looked at Chloe and she shrugged her shoulders, I reached over and picked up Hunter's phone. As I brought the screen to life with my finger, an image of Ryder popped up as his screensaver. I smiled. I hit the text messages so I could text Hailey to get the real story since Mason didn't want to share.

Hunter 1:46 p.m.: Where r u @

I started flipping through Hunter's phone, looking for more pictures of Ryder, when I landed on a picture of an SUV. Weird, whose is that? I found a few from the last few days and even one of Ryder and me - It looked like it was taken earlier today when we were snuggled together; I hadn't even noticed.

Hunter's phone chimed.

Hailey 1:52 p.m.: Home

Hunter 1:53 p.m.: Why? I miss your face

Hailey 1:55 p.m.: Hey biffy! How r u feeling?

Hunter 1:56 p.m.: Get up here

I gazed up at Mason who was watching me. I smiled. How does it feel Mase? Not being told anything?

Hailey 2:01 p.m.: Text me when ass**le leaves

I turned off Hunter's phone just as he walked back in. He looked shocked that I was on it.

I puckered my brows, "Everything ok?"

He reached into his pocket and pulled his keys out, setting them on the table. A Honda key. Hmm. I was starting to put the pieces together as I surveyed Hunter. "You bought a new car, didn't you?"

Jackson's head shot up in Cooper's direction, who then stood up. "Well guys," he rubbed his stomach, "I'm getting hungry. Twinkle Toes you ready to go?"

Jaylinn rose gently out of the chair with Ryder and handed him back to Hunter. "Yes let's go."

Mason stood up next, "I'll go with you guys. Love ya Kenz."

Well played guys, well played.

Hunter was trying to busy himself with changing Ryder's diaper.

Chloe giggled and got up as well, followed by Jackson, "Well I guess that's our cue to leave." Jackson said, trying hard not to laugh.

I was amused, everyone knew what was about to happen and no one wanted to hear it.

Everyone was gathered by the door. "Thanks for stopping in. Love you guys." I said, still eyeing Hunter.

Each one mumbled their goodbyes and quickly left. I kept my eyes on Hunter who was tensed; he knew I'd figured it out. Now I was going to make him play my game. I'll make him sweat it out. We've had dozens of talks about money. He knew how I felt about him paying for anything extra that we didn't need, at least until I was able to help with the bills. I'm sure there was a good reason.

Damn, I hadn't wanted her to find out until we were leaving; this was one more thing that she didn't need to worry about. Thankfully, I knew the detective that had shown up today and I was able to put him off talking to CC until we were home. I'd met him a couple of times and he knew I would make good on my word about having him stop over at the house once she was settled in.

They weren't able to make a positive ID on the car that I knew belonged to Brittany, and they wanted to ask CC if she remembered anything at all that could confirm it was her.

I got Ryder all changed and wrapped back up, but left him in the bassinet since he was barely awake.

Better to get this over with now I suppose. I walked over to the chair and sat down, "Look, I had to buy it-" before I could finish she cut me off.

"Bullshit!" she deadpanned.

"I did! Your car is totaled and I need you and Ryder in something safe. My truck isn't the ideal vehicle to have him riding around in anyway. Plus, what are you going to do when you need to go out for something and I'm at work?"

"We could've worked it out; you know how I feel about you wasting money, Hunter." she said, still pouting.

Now she was frustrating me, "It's not wasting money, I need you and Ryder safe. I can't worry about you guys," I reached up and pulled my hat off and threw it on the other chair. "I've done enough of that shit to last me the rest of my life."

I looked over at her expecting to see her glaring eyes, but she was holding back a smile.

"You're a brat, you know that? I thought you were really pissed off."

"Come here," she said and raised her hands to wrap me in her arms. I settled into the crook of her neck and placed a kiss there. I could feel her pulse pick up when I did it again. I'm glad that after all of this I could still affect her.

There was a knock, I sat up and Dr. Clearly walked in with Lynn behind him. He took his penlight from his pocket and came to examine CC, so I stepped back to give him room. Lynn knocked her elbow into mine and I looked over at her. She smiled the same smile she had been giving me since we came here, but now it felt awkward. Had she been like this the whole time, or was I just noticing it now because CC had mentioned it?

"MacKenzie, how is your pain level?" Dr. Clearly asked as he shined the light in her eyes.

"Umm, I guess about a 6. Besides being sore I still have a really bad headache." CC answered while peeping over at me, and then glared when she realized how close Lynn was standing.

She just shook her head, "I'd like something to get some sleep tonight though."

"Sure. Lynn, make sure she gets a dose on the next round."

"Yes, Dr. Clearly." Lynn answered, studying CC.

I cleared my throat then walked over and grabbed CC's hand, when I did she squeezed it tightly. "When will MacKenzie be able to come home with us?"

I was praying they would say tonight, I was dreading going home with Ryder by myself and leaving CC here, alone for another night.

"Well, all of the tests came back just fine, but I would like to keep an eye on her for another twenty-four hours. As long as nothing else happens between then and now, she can go home tomorrow." He looked over at CC, "It's not going to be easy for you since you can't walk on that ankle for another five weeks and I can't have you on crutches because of your wrist, so we will have to set up a nurse to come over to your house. I would like for them to monitor you and help you with anything you need, at least for a week until Hunter here," Dr. Clearly looked over at me, "Can get you into a routine."

I ran a hand through my hair, "Is it necessary? We have plenty of family members who could help."

"I'm afraid so, even if it's only for a few days. I think this is best for all of you, you'll have your hands full with the baby too."

I blew out a deep breath, I guess he was right but I didn't want a stranger doing it.

"Hunter, CC, if you would like, I could do it. Since I already know everything that's going on, I could really be in and out." Lynn spoke up from behind me.

I felt CC go stiff. She wasn't going to like this; I would just have to talk her into it. I didn't want some stranger coming into our home. I'd also have to talk to Lynn about calling her CC. No one calls her that but me.

I turned around, "Can we get back to you on that?" I asked Lynn.

"Yes, of course."

"Very well then, MacKenzie, I will be around again in the morning to check on you before we get started on the release paperwork." Dr. Clearly put the pocket flashlight in his coat pocket and made his way to the door.

As soon as they were both out, CC turned to me, "Please tell me you aren't going to have her come to our house, Hunter."

Sighing, "Look I don't like it either, but I don't want just anyone to come into our home, near my future wife and our son. Yes, she may have a slight crush on me, but she's been nothing but professional since all of this started."

CC tried to cross her arms but winced and frowned, "I don't like it Hunter and I hate that she called me CC."

I cupped her face in my hands and kissed her nose, "I know; I don't like it either but if it gets you home tomorrow, I'm doing it and I'll speak to her about calling you CC."

"Fine, but Jay and Coop stay with us, at least until this mess is over with. I don't want her around for more than a week." CC agreed despite her reluctance.

The three of us hung out for a while until after dinner when Mr. and Mrs. Cahill showed up to visit.

"How's my baby girl doing?" Mr. Cahill asked as soon as he walked in. He held flowers out for me to take while he went to hug CC.

"Sore, but I'm ok," she answered.

Mrs. Cahill came over and wrapped her arms around my right arm. "Her face is all lit up. She didn't look like that this morning." she whispered.

I grinned, damn happy that it was me doing that to her. Lynn tapped on the door, walked in and handed me the release paper work.

"I'm just going to remove his band and then you're free to take him home." Lynn said, reaching into her coat pocket to pull out the scissors. She did it so gently that Ryder didn't even stir. She smiled at us all when she was done and then left the room.

Ryder woke up a little while later, right as my mom came in to visit. I was glad Mom was here; despite having Coop and Jaylinn at the house, I still wanted my mom there too. The three of us didn't know anything about taking care of a newborn. After Mrs. Cahill was done feeding him his bottle we got him changed into his going home outfit that Hailey had packed.

I sat next to CC on the bed and she started crying, I knew this was going to be hard on her, it was going to be hard on me too. "I love you baby, we will be back first thing in the morning."

She started crying harder and I heard someone behind me, who I assumed was Mrs. Cahill, sniffling too. I held her as tight as I could until she calmed down. I kissed both of her eyes and dried the tears from them. "This is hard on me too; I don't want to leave you. This is going to be the last time, ever, that we have to spend the night apart. You're mine baby. I love you." I whispered in her ear as I held her.

"I love you too. Can you leave me your phone so I can call you?" She asked in a shuddering breath.

I reached into my pocket and pulled it out. "Hailey will be here shortly so you won't be all alone, but if it makes you feel better, call the house and I'll keep you on the phone all night." I told her.

She nodded and reached for me one more time. "I love you so much."

"Me too." I took Ryder from Mrs. Cahill and bent over with him in my arms so CC could give him a kiss goodbye. That damn near broke my heart. When I first walked in this morning she wouldn't even look at him and now she didn't want him to go. God I love her strength, just one of the many perfect things about her.

After the Cahill's and Mom said goodbye, we all left. That's when it really hit me that I was leaving her and being a dad all on my own. Could I f**king do this? I guess it's time I grew a pair of balls. We got into the elevator and I set Ryder down in his car seat to cover him up before we stepped foot outside. Being October, the nights were pretty cool and I didn't need him getting sick already. We stepped out of the elevator and were walking out when Mom stopped dead in front of me. Mr. Cahill cursed under his breath and his wife put her hand to her heart. I looked past my mom and saw the last person I thought I would ever see again.

10

After everyone left, I quickly called Hailey and asked her to come and spend the night with me. She assured me that she would be there within fifteen minutes. I knew she had to work in the morning, but just her being here with me would make me feel so much better. I couldn't express how much I wanted to be home with my boys.

To my surprise, when Hailey showed up she'd brought Mason along with her. Hunter wasn't kidding when he'd said those two were going to give him whiplash. One minute they wanted to kill each other, the next they were making out like horny teenagers. However, from the looks on their faces things weren't any better.

"Can you knock off your attitudes?" I asked the both of them. They grunted. This was going to be a hell of a night. Now I was thankful I'd asked for those sleeping pills.

No one really talked for the rest of the night and I really didn't want to hear what their problem was, so when Heidi, the night nurse, came in to check on me, I gladly took the sleeping pills. In no time at all, I was fast asleep.

After Hailey and Mason left for work in the morning, I called the house to see when Hunter would be back up here, and to see how Ryder had coped with his first night in our house.

"Everything ok?" Hunter said, sounding out of breath.

"Everything is just fine. I'm waiting for the doctor to make his rounds so I can get the hell out of here. I need you to do everything you can to get me out of here. I'm to the point where I'll agree to let Lynn come over." I started to get choked up. I was so desperate to get out of this hospital and home with my boys I'd do anything right now.

I heard Ryder fussing in the background and Hunter inhaled deeply, I guess things weren't going great there either. As awful as that sounded, it kind of made me feel better.

"You're coming home today." Hunter said as a matter of fact.

"Thank you. When are you guys coming up?" Please say you're leaving now.

As Hunter responded saying, "I'm trying to get out of here soon, but Ryder's not eating." There was a tap at the door. I peered over thinking it was Heidi making her rounds again before the shift change, but to my surprise it was Dominic.

I cursed under my breath and quickly covered my mouth with my hand, hoping Hunter hadn't heard me, but it was too late.

"CC what's going on?" Hunter asked in a panic.

"Nothing, I'm fine." I nodded my head for Dominic to come in, then put my finger up to my lips to keep him quiet. "I just tried to move and a pain shot up my arm." I lied, but I didn't want to piss him off, he'd had enough to deal with.

"Fuck. Stop moving and call one of the nurses." Hunter let out a growl; clearly things were pissing him off this morning. "Let me get Ryder in his seat and we will be on our way. Maybe you can get him to eat and settle down."

My heart squeezed a little thinking I had someone depending on me and that I could make him all better, or at least I hoped I could. "Ok I'll give it a shot when you guys get here."

"Love you, see you in a few."

I hesitated for a second; knowing Dominic was in the room, "Love you too. Be careful; give Ryder a kiss for me."

"I will. Bye baby."

I hung up the phone and put it down in my lap, I didn't look up at Dominic right away. I was kind of nervous. Was there something he wanted? Was it about Brittany?

He cleared his throat, got up from his seat and walked over to the side of the bed. Talk about making someone uncomfortable, and to make matters worse I couldn't exactly get up and move.

"I know I don't have a lot of time, I saw Hunter's truck in the driveway and thought I was safe for at least a little while." He was nervous, I could sense it.

"Hunter's about to leave the house now, so you're right; you don't have a lot of time." And I really don't want you to be in here with me like this. Yes, I loved Dominic as a friend; he had always been good to me, except for when he cheated on me, but keeping Brittany around was something I couldn't understand and I didn't care to.

He chuckled, "It looks like someone threw up balloons in your front yard." I snorted; my guess was that Hailey was behind that. "There are 'It's a Boy' balloons everywhere, along with 'Welcome Home' ones as well. Oh and a big ass stork too. You'll love it."

I rolled my eyes, "Oh yeah more attention that I don't want."

Dominic tensed and I knew he was about to bring up Brittany. "I just want to let..."

"It was her Dominic. I haven't said anything to anyone and I'm not sure if I will." I took a deep breath. "When I left the house for the doctor's appointment, there was a car at the end of the driveway; I didn't pay too much attention to it because it was pouring out. I was driving down Route 295 and the cars in front of me spun out. I started losing control then I was hit from behind and that's when my car flipped down the embankment. The last thing I remember was someone saying, "If I can't have him neither can you." The police haven't asked me anything yet; no one's actually brought up the accident except them. Did I want that bitch to pay? Hell yeah, but I believe karma is a bitch and she'll get hers. If Hunter asked me about the accident, I'd tell him the truth and see how it played out. He's working in the detective's office so I'm sure if there's a will there's a way, and Hunter would find it.

"Fuck," he said while scrubbing his face with both of his hands.

He can say that again! "That bitch needs help Dominic and you know it. She's obsessed, thinking my baby is yours."

He looked like he was in pain, "I know. I don't know what to do. Her mom died of cancer when she was three, so it's only been her and her dad and she said that he's never really around. It's not like I can just go to her house and talk to someone about this."

It was awful to hear about her mom and her dad, but it's still not healthy to get so hooked on something. "Well don't expect me to feel sorry for you. What she did was wrong and there was no excuse for it. You should agree with me."

He sighed loudly, "I do, completely. She hasn't been around lately and I haven't heard from her. Maybe she's finally going to stay away."

I doubted it; I think it's going to take a lot more than this for her to get it. Before I could respond, Dr. Clearly walked in; he looked over at Dominic for a second and then went about his normal business, checking me over. While he filled out my discharge paperwork, Dominic winked at me and made a move towards the door, "I'll see you around, I'm going to get out of your way."

I gave him a small smile. I wasn't going to hold my breath. If Hunter ever found out for sure that it was Brittany, he would go ape shit and take it out on Dominic for bringing that girl into our lives.

"Well MacKenzie, everything seems to look good. Are you experiencing any issues, other than the ones you mentioned yesterday?" Dr. Clearly said while he pushed his glasses back on his nose.

"No! I actually feel pretty good today, not even a headache." I was lying, but I wanted out of here. I wanted my boys, my bed and my life back.

I could spend all my time thinking about the situation we were in, trying to figure out what would make Brittany do what she'd done to me, trying to justify it, but why? Why not just put one foot in front of the other and never look back? She was not taking anything more from me, not even another one of my thoughts.

Looking over Mom's shoulder to see what had made her stop was like a gust of cold air hitting me. I was staring at the exact same eyes as my own. I'd never thought I'd see him again, not since he walked out on us all those years ago.

As soon as everything had sunk in I started to act. First, I grabbed the car seat and set it behind me. No way was this f**king ass**le getting near my son! I'm nothing like him and I protect what's mine. Always. Then, I grabbed a hold of Mom's arm and pulled her slightly behind me with Ryder. Mr. Cahill planted himself in front of Mom and he pulled Mrs. Cahill behind him as well. We were making a wall and protecting our own. In my eyes, once you've violated that trust, that's it, you were cut and never trusted again.

Jason, my father, the sperm donor in my eyes, started laughing loud and deep. It was nasty and so was he. "Well that wasn't the greeting I was expecting."

Mom gripped the back of my shirt and I shifted from one foot to the other. Who does he think he is? "What the f**k do you want?" I snarled.

Dickbag glared at me, "Watch your mouth, son."

"I'm not your son." I spat back.

He huffed, "Figures you would grow up to be a disrespectful little ass**le. I should've taken you with me and taught you how to treat your elders."

"Yeah? You set a real great example of being respectful." I seethed. Mom tightened her hold on my shirt and I heard Mrs. Cahill fidgeting behind me. I glanced around and noticed we were drawing a crowd.

"Let's not do this now." Mr. Cahill spoke up.

I started to turn around to grab for Ryder when Jason started running his mouth again, "And you are?"

"None of your business Jason, we were just leaving." Mom said, raising her voice slightly.

If my night wasn't already ruined with this piece of shit in front of me, Mason and Hailey showing up did the job.

Mason's hands turned into fists and Hailey looked confused. I had talked to Mase about my father a few times and he's even seen a few pictures, so I could tell he knew exactly who was standing here with us. CC knew of Jason, but that was it. I'd never wanted to show her who he was, since he was nothing to me and never would be. I'm not really sure how Mr. and Mrs. Cahill knew who he was, and I didn't really care right now, I wanted my son away from all this shit.

Mason grabbed Hailey's hand, strode over to Ryder, picked his car seat up and started for the doors again. I'd have to make sure I thanked them for that later.

"He yours?" Dickbag asked.

"None of your business. Why don't you go back to your grimy hole and rot in it? No one wants you here." There was no way in f**king hell that I would tell him Ryder was mine.

He shook his head; Mr. Cahill led Mom and his wife out the front doors. I had nothing left to say so I started walking away, but he grabbed my arm. I yanked it free and got in his face, "Don't you ever touch me again."

I saw security guards heading our way; he must have too, because he threw his hands up and backed away from me.

There was no way I could leave now, not with him here at the same hospital CC was staying alone in. Mason, who apparently still had my spare keys, pulled my truck up front just as I walked out the doors, Hailey was standing there with the car seat in her hands. I took a few calming breaths before I went over to them. What the hell was I going to do now?

Mason must have seen the turmoil in my face, "I got it dude. Hailey was sleeping here with Kenz anyway, I'll just stay too."

I'd have to settle for that. I needed to get Ryder home and safely tucked in bed. "Thanks man."

"Will someone please tell me what the f**k is going on?" Hailey was fuming.

"We'll talk about it later Hailey; right now we need to get up to my sister, she shouldn't be alone. I know you said you wanted to spend some alone time with her but not tonight." Mason said, trying to calm the situation.

Hailey looked from Mason to me. Worry, confusion, concern and fear flashed over her face. I wasn't sure if she knew that I was aware of Mr. Cahill's career as an FBI Agent. I didn't want to stir another pot tonight though, so I'd let Mason handle it his way and pray that she didn't start talking to CC about this shit.

I went to grab the car seat from Hailey, but before she handed him over she kissed his little forehead and said, "Don't be too rough on Daddy, Chunky Monkey."

Mom hopped up from the front seat of Mr. and Mrs. Cahill's car and jumped in my truck. "I left Kenzie my phone so if anything goes down, call the house and I'll come here as soon as I can." Nothing better go down or there would be hell to pay.

Mason nodded, "Get my nephew home."

I opened the door and placed Ryder's car seat in the base, then walked around the other side and crawled in, "Mom, I need your phone."

She handed it over without question. I dialed Cooper.

"Hello."

"Hey it's me; I left my phone with your sister." I explained.

"Yo, you on your way home?" Cooper asked; I could hear Call of Duty in the background.

I put the truck in drive and took off for home, "Yeah. Where's Jay?"

"Taking a bath." He must have been in the middle of a match because there were gun shots and bombs going off.

"We got a problem; my dad showed up at the hospital." Cooper was aware of the shit that my dad was in to.

There was silence, no background noise, nothing. "Fuck!" Cooper yelled a few seconds later.

Fuck is right, shit's about to get real.

11

"Well MacKenzie, we'll be able to release you today but we'll need to set you up with home healthcare. We offer that through the hospital and Lynn has volunteered to assist you, if you should choose her." Dr. Clearly explained to me.

As much as I didn't want Lynn to help me and my son, I really didn't want anyone else doing it either. She'd been with Ryder and me since we'd arrived. "There's no way that Hunter, or even my mom, could help me until I'm able to care for myself?" It was worth giving it a shot.

"No, I'm afraid not," he responded.

Hunter knocked once and then walked in. Dr. Clearly nodded at him, "I really think at this point Lynn would be your best option. Once we can get you up and moving we can have the catheter removed and you'll no longer need her services."

Hunter had set Ryder's car seat in the chair and was removing him from it when he started fussing. He shook his head, lifted the baby on his shoulder and began patting his back. He was trying his best to comfort him but Ryder just wasn't happy. Dr. Clearly stood there for a second observing and I lifted my arms for him to bring Ryder to me. Hunter reached down and adjusted the pillow, just like when I'd held him the last time, and then placed him on my chest. He instantly settled.

Hunter shook his head and smiled, I winked at him. "We agree with Lynn being MacKenzie's nurse until she's able to take care of herself. As you can see we need her home as much as she needs us." Hunter handed me Ryder's bottle and he began drinking it with no problems.

"Very well then. I'll get all the paperwork for that completed and then you guys can be on your way." Dr. Clearly cleaned his hands and left the room with a smile.

Hunter bent down and kissed my forehead. "Can you do me a favor?" I asked.

He winked, "Of course."

"Can you please help me freshen up? I feel gross and I'm not going to be able to take a shower for a while." I scrunched my nose thinking how nasty things were going to be. I'm going to get this catheter out of me by the end of the week! I'd figure out a way, and figure it out fast. Just thinking about not being able to shave gave me the chills, and I couldn't torture poor Hunter by making him sleep next to a cavewoman. I refused to let Lynn help me when I knew I'd be able to do it myself once I got this catheter out.

Hunter gave me a pity smile, "I'll do whatever you want. I just want you home, in our bed, next to me." He kissed my forehead again. "And for the record, I can't smell you from here." He said with a chuckle.

"Gee, thanks!" I said sarcastically. "So are you going to tell me what was going on this morning? Was it Ryder?"

Hunter sighed and sat in the chair next to the bed; I'd removed the bottle from Ryder and was getting ready to burp him. "No, there's some shit going down, but don't worry about it right now. I'll fill you in about it later. Just one step at time, CC, for me."

Hunter gave me those eyes, the ones that said, "This conversation's over," so I let it go and continued to feed Ryder. I was going to have to pick my battles, and this one just wasn't one I wanted to pick. I wanted to put my family in a little bubble and live happily ever after.

"So you're sure Lynn helping is going to be ok? If not just say the word and I'll have them get someone else. I don't want any extra stress on you." Hunter said while scrolling on his phone.

"It makes sense I guess, she knows what I've been through." I shrugged my shoulder. "She's supposed to be a professional after all."

"Yeah she's supposed to be." Hunter grumbled. "If anything she does makes you uncomfortable you have to tell me, alright?"

My strong protective man was out in full force today. "I will." Before I could even get Ryder up to my shoulder to start burping him, he let out a huge belch. I scrunched my nose at the awful formula smell and Hunter laughed. "Times really have changed, huh?"

"Yeah and I wouldn't change it for the world, baby." I really did love this man with all my heart.

Hunter stood up and said, "I'm going to start taking some of this stuff out to the car. Will you be ok with him by yourself?"

I looked down at Ryder who was barely able to keep his eyes open, "Yeah we'll be great." This was the first time I would be by myself with him, even if it was only for a few minutes.

Hunter gave a peck to Ryder's cheek and brushed his pointer finger down the side of his cheek, making his little eyes close. He gave me a wink then grabbed the flowers and a few gifts from around the room and left to put them in the car.

As I sat there snuggling with Ryder, I thought about just how much this little human being had made our love stronger than it's ever been. I knew there were going to be some sleepless nights - the house would never be quite the same - and some things would have to be put on the back burner, but it was my future, our future now, and I couldn't wait to see how it played out.

After leaving the hospital last night, I'd worried about how my mom would cope with seeing Jason again. I'd offered for her to stay with us but she insisted on going back to her own house. I dropped her off and made sure she got in safely before heading straight home, where Cooper and Jaylinn were waiting for me. "Hunter?" Jaylinn called out to me. I could see them from where I was, but they couldn't see me.

"Yeah, it's me."

I heard Cooper say, "See I told you. No need to worry, Twinkle Toes." What the f**k's up with that nickname? I'd never thought I'd see the day that a girl, my sister nonetheless, brought Cooper to his knees. I was still amazed he was hanging around; I thought for sure I would've already gotten into it with him about Jaylinn. The Cooper I knew had a different girl every week; he was a veritable man whore.

I set Ryder on the dining room table, pulled off his blanket and belts and scooped him up. Jaylinn walked out and looked at me with eyes full of fear and worry.

"Get that look off your face. That dickbag isn't going to touch us again, Jay." Ryder started fussing. "I'll let you know when you have to worry."

Jaylinn still looked scared but dropped the issue and went to go sit with Cooper again. I took Ryder to my bedroom, changed him and fed him his bottle. He passed out shortly after that and so did I. He woke up a few hours later and I started all over again. I changed him, fed him and then we both went back to sleep. The problems started that morning after Jaylinn and Cooper left for work. I was getting calls from unknown numbers and when I'd pick up, all I heard was breathing. I didn't want CC to come home to this but what could I do? I had no proof it was the dickbag playing games.

I was trying to feed Ryder when CC called me and begged me to make sure she could come home tonight. The little one could probably sense that something was wrong because he wasn't eating for me. I was stressed the f**k out. I packed him all up and just wanted to get to the hospital as soon as possible.

When I got there CC was talking to Dr. Clearly about Lynn assisting us, I promised CC I would bring her home so I had to make sure that happened. After everything was settled I told her I was going to put some of her stuff in the car. I had to give myself a few minutes before facing her again, I hated not telling her about my piece of shit father but she didn't need to worry about that right now. These next few weeks were going to be hard enough on her because she's so independent and she hated not being able to do stuff her way when she wants to. I was more worried about running into my dad again when we brought CC down as well, so taking the things to the car was also my way of looking around for him.

A little while later it was finally time for us to head home, and thankfully there was no sign of my sperm donor anywhere. I got Ryder all situated back in his car seat and Lynn came in with a wheelchair. "You ready for this?" I asked CC, a huge grin spreading across my face. I couldn't wait to get her home and in our bed. I knew there would be no sex for at least six to eight weeks but I just wanted her next to me. Us together, skin to skin.

"Yes! Let's get the hell out of here and never, ever come back." She said; her smile just as big as mine.

I scooped her up and put her in the wheelchair, according to hospital procedures I wasn't allowed to push CC downstairs, so Lynn was there to do it for us.

She winced as I put her in the chair, "You ok?"

She squeezed her eyes shut, "Yeah." She took a deep breath, "It's my stomach," she opened her eyes, "I'm fine now."

I looked up at Lynn, nodded my head and she wheeled CC out while I grabbed Ryder and the last bag from the room. As we approached the elevators Lynn hit the button and said, "Would you like me to stop over tonight and assist or would you like to pick up things tomorrow?"

CC glared at Lynn behind her back, "Tomorrow please and just so you know by the end of the week, I won't need your assistance. I'll figure out a way to do this on my own."

I tried to hide the smirk on my face by looking down at Ryder and busying myself with his blanket. That was my girl, courageous, self-assertive, gutsy and tough. She was intoxicating to me at times, I just got so caught up in her that I saw nothing else.

"I'll be here to help as long as you need me to." Lynn tried to keep her face neutral but I could tell she was infuriated by CC's determination. Maybe it wasn't such a good idea that we allowed her to be our nurse. It was too late to change it now, but if things got too bad or if CC wasn't on her own by the end of the week, I'd talk to her about bringing in someone else.

The elevator doors dinged and we stepped in, the ride down was quiet. The doors dinged again and we stepped out. Lynn wheeled CC over to the front doors, "I'll go get the car." I said.

She nodded, "Leave him; he'll be fine with me." I glanced up to Lynn who nodded as well.

I walked out the doors to go get the car and pulled it up out front. I parked, got out and came around the car and my heart stopped.

12

"Awe, isn't he a handsome looking baby?" said a man's voice behind me. I turned to see an older guy and couldn't help but notice how much he looked like Hunter.

"He is, isn't he?" I replied back, looking down at Ryder sitting next to me in his car seat. He was all decked out in his Nike track suit with hat included.

"He is. Is his dad pulling the car around?" The older guy asked. That last comment was giving me a weird vibe, what the hell was taking Hunter so long? I reached down with my good arm and held onto Ryder's car seat, needing that extra reassurance.

"Yeah," I looked out the front door and nodded with my chin. "He's actually right there." Hunter came sprinting in, the second he put the car in park. Christ, I don't even know if he put it in park, he was out so fast.

The guy started backing away when he noticed Hunter coming in our direction, "What the f**k do you think you're doing?" he roared.

The guy smiled and kept on backing up while staring Hunter down. Well that's just creepy. Lynn was just holding on to the back of my wheelchair the whole time, a lot of help she would be if something were to happen.

"Baby, you ok? What did he say to you?" Hunter asked. He was on his knees next to me, red faced with a vein popping out of the side of his neck. That vein proved to me just how pissed off he was, I figured he would be a little over protective but the guy had only said that Ryder was handsome.

"Relax, nothing happened, we're both fine. He only said that Ryder was handsome, that's it. He didn't try to touch us or anything." I let go of Ryder's car seat and reached over to cup Hunter's cheek. He covered my hand with his and leaned into it.

"Sorry." He said gently. I could see the storm in his eyes start to clear out.

"It's fine, we may be a little fragile right now but we aren't going to break." I stared into his crystal clear blue eyes, willing him to understand. "Take us home." I winked and started to slowly pull my hand away.

Hunter looked down at the ground and shook his head and then stood, reached for Ryder and picked him up. He gave me a half smile, glanced over his shoulder and then walked to the car parked outside.

I could hear Lynn breathing harder behind me as she wheeled us out to the car. She even got a little too close to hitting my broken ankle on the door. I muttered under my breath, "Bitch!" Then I glared at Hunter so he would know to get me the hell away from her.

Hunter scooped me up and gently placed me in the car, "I'll stop by tomorrow afternoon when I get off my shift." Lynn said, stepping away from the car.

"Don't hurry." I muttered.

Hunter chuckled. "We'll be there." He told her while walking around the front of the car to get in.

We pulled away from the curb, and I glanced around the car. It was pretty awesome. There were so many buttons that I couldn't even figure out what half of them were used for. We'd only made it a few blocks from the hospital but the car ride was like driving in mid-air. You barely felt any bumps. That could all have something to do with Hunter though.

I looked in the side mirror and noticed a line of cars behind us. I glanced at Hunter, who had a death grip on the steering wheel, and then to the gauges to see how fast we were going. He was going 25 mph in a 40 mph zone. "Um," I looked in the side mirror again, then back to Hunter. "You do realize the speed limit is 40, right?"

"Yeah, I know, why?" He answered, still not removing his eyes from the road.

"Oh I don't know, maybe because there are like ten cars behind us." I said rolling my eyes.

"So?"

Really? "Hunter relax, nothing is going to happen. Shouldn't I be the one that's worried?" His knuckles started turning pink again. "Doesn't this car have like ten air bags in it?"

"Yeah, the salesman said it was one of the safest SUV's they make." He glanced quickly at me then returned his eyes right back to the road.

"Good, then drive the damn car." I said smiling at him. Big old worry wart.

He chuckled, "Yes ma'am."

Before we even had a chance to really settle into the car we were pulling up at home. Home sweet home.

"Coop and Jay are working. Let me get Ryder inside and then I'll come grab you." Hunter said as he shut off the car and unbuckled his seatbelt.

"Okay." I couldn't wait to get settled inside, I missed being home. Being home with Hunter and Ryder made me feel complete. I would have to figure out a way to get rid of Lynn and then slowly kick Cooper and Jaylinn out as well. I'm giving my body five days, five days, that's it.

True to CC's word, she had Lynn removing the catheter by the end of the week and was quickly kicking her to the curb. Lynn brought CC a pair of crutches two days ago against doctors' orders and she's been determined to make it on her own. This is one of the things that I found so sexy about her, when she puts her mind to something, there's no changing it. I adored her all the more for it. You can tell her she can't do it, but she'll prove you f**king wrong over and over again.

Before Lynn would sign off on CC's discharge paperwork she had to prove that she could do it with no help from anyone. Like I said, you can't tell her she can't do something because that only makes her more determined.

We were in the bedroom and CC was lying in bed, "Ok CC," It's the first time Lynn had called MacKenzie that since the time in the hospital. I didn't even have a chance to correct her before she spoke up about it, "My name is MacKenzie, not CC." she snarled at Lynn. My little firecracker was in full force today.

"I'm sorry; I didn't realize I called you CC." Lynn replied. "Now, what I was about to say MacKenzie, I need you to get up from this position to the bathroom with no assistance."

CC barely let her finish before she was swinging her legs off the bed, she reached over and grabbed the crutch that was leaning against the nightstand next to the bed. She hoisted herself up and hobbled over to the wheelchair, sat down and leaned the crutch up against the bed. Then she pushed herself down to the bathroom, stopped in front of the sink and hoisted herself out of the chair and then jumped with her good leg to the toilet and sat on the lid.

She looked up at Lynn, slightly breathless and smiled. Task complete.

Lynn smiled, "Very good. If you can do it back I'll sign the paperwork and be on my way."

CC loved a challenge and she completed it just as gracefully as she had on the way there. I went over to her, kissed her head, then bent down and let her kiss Ryder.

"Mommy's a fighter huh, big guy?" I said to him.

"I look up to the best, Chunky Monkey." CC said, beaming up at me.

Lynn cleared her throat, "Here is a copy of the paperwork, please be sure to follow up with the specialist in a few weeks to see if the cast can be removed." Lynn tossed the paperwork on the bed.

CC squealed and flung herself back on the bed. I raised my eyebrows at the nurse, "Thanks for everything, Lynn." I followed behind her down the stairs to see her out.

She opened the door but stopped before stepping out and turned to look at me, "If there's anything," she emphasized the word anything, "At all, I can do for you; here's my cell phone number."

She held her hand out for me to take the card but I just said, "No thanks, we'll be fine."

She looked like I'd slapped her, she huffed and then turned on her heel and left.

Ryder and I took the steps two at a time to get back upstairs to CC. When we walked in she was laying there resting her eyes. "You ok?"

She opened her eyes and smiled, "Better than ok."

Ryder started fussing; it was about time for him to eat. "Someone's hungry."

"Yeah it's about that time; here lay him next to me while you go get the bottle ready." I placed him next to her on the bed and went to make up the formula.

A few minutes later, I was heading back upstairs when I heard singing. I stopped and listened, her voice was so soothing and calm. Ryder must have thought so too, because he wasn't making a sound. I crept to the door and peeked in, not wanting to interrupt her.

She must have sensed me because she stopped and stared at me. "Don't stop. He likes it." I said, glancing down at Ryder.

I looked back up at her and she was blushing, "I can't sing while you're watching me."

I climbed onto the bed; Ryder snuggled between me and his mother. I reached over and tucked a piece of her hair behind her ear. "Marry me tomorrow."

She giggled, "No way. I'm not getting married with these ugly ass casts."

We laid there for a while just staring at one another, words weren't needed to explain how we were feeling. I knew I was in trouble all those years ago when I'd first laid eyes on CC; to this day I still got butterflies when she looked at me. It was like she could see me, everything about me, the good, the bad and the ugly, and she still loved me.

After I finished cooking dinner for CC, Jaylinn, Cooper and myself, we were all sitting on the couch when CC leaned over to me. "So do you think you can help me in the shower? This is my gift to myself for losing the bitch."

Before I could answer Cooper said, "You got rid of the bitchmobile?"

"Yes!" CC answered a little too loudly and caused Ryder to jump in Jaylinn's arms.

Cooper laughed and that set Ryder off; I laughed when Cooper grimaced at the cries. "You better watch out, he's got a heavy hand." I joked with him. The other day he and I were changing Ryder while Jaylinn painted CC's toe nails and Cooper had his face in range of Ryder's hands and he hit him right on the nose. Cooper joked that he had heavy hands and was going to grow up to be an MMA fighter.

"Anyway, can you help me?" CC was giving me the puppy dog eyes and she knew I couldn't say no.

"Go!" Jaylinn said, "Cooper and I got this tonight."

I winked at my sister, scooped up CC and hauled ass upstairs. I couldn't wait to get her na**d with me and not have to worry about Ryder crying before we were even halfway undressed.

I set CC on the counter, turned the shower on and then grabbed two towels and threw them on the toilet seat.

"Maybe this isn't such a good idea." CC said timidly.

I was taken aback, how could this not be a good idea? Then it started to come to me, she's probably a little nervous, I haven't seen her na**d in a while and barely at all since she'd had the baby.

I finally forced myself to move. I pulled her shirt off and then reached behind her, I unclasped her bra and pulled back slightly so it could slip off her arms. I willed myself not to stare at her body. She had been hiding it from me since she'd woken up, I didn't have the heart to tell her I'd seen all of the bruises and scars already.

I reached under the sink, grabbed the plastic bags and tape to cover her wrist and ankle. Once that was out of the way, without breaking eye contact I lifted her off the sink and steadied her, then hooked my fingers on both sides of her panties, and pulled them down her h*ps until they rested at her feet where she could step out of them. Her eyes stayed on mine as I pulled off my boxer-briefs.

As we stepped into the shower together, I adjusted the setting so we wouldn't burn our skin and then I pulled her into my arms under the flow of water. Her whole body started shaking, I knew she was nervous about me seeing her na**d for the first time since the accident. No matter what she thought she looked like, she would always be perfect to me. After a few minutes of holding her, she sighed and rested her head on my shoulder. I planted my feet so I wouldn't slide and take her down with me; I knew taking a shower with two casts on couldn't be easy for anyone.

I kissed her cheek and whispered, "I love you, nothing is ever going to change that, CC. I need you to believe it though, trust me."

"I do. It just still makes me a little uncomfortable." She whispered back to me, squeezing me a little closer to her.

I pulled her away from my body carefully, but didn't let go. "I never want you to be uncomfortable, ever. We've been through too much shit to let something like this get in our way. Out of everything that's happened; we have a little piece of us waiting on the other side of that door. I can't even begin to explain the feelings I get watching you with him." She looked down, but I lifted her chin back up until she looked into my eyes. "All of these scars on your body will fade and settle into the back of your mind. All but one, and it's the best one. You protected Ryder, CC. These scars are proof of that, if you didn't do what you did; there's a good chance he wouldn't be here with us."

She was crying at this point but I needed her to understand me. She always bitched and complained that we were too overprotective of her, but sometimes she was the same way. She just never saw it. It was time for her to figure it out on her own; she was a Cahill after all, at least for now.

She whimpered, "I'm sorry."

I pulled her to me and crushed my lips to hers, making sure she knew there was no reason to be sorry.

13

Motherhood was agreeing with me, according to my mother, she told me so when she stopped by the next morning to visit with her grandson and me. Hunter refused to leave our sides, while I loved him something fierce, he was getting on my last nerve.

After he carried me downstairs and got me settled in the recliner, Mom sent him to the store with a shopping list. She told him to go to the store across town, she claimed they had baby formula on sale, but I knew it was her way of making him stay out longer.

"Thanks Mom." I said to her when Hunter left.

She smiled, "Of course baby girl. You looked like you were going to strangle him if he asked you if you were ok one more time."

I huffed, she'd been here five minutes and she could tell already, "Yeah. I don't mind that he's hovering after everything we've been through, but damn, I need to breathe a little."

She chuckled and laid Ryder down next to her on the couch to change his diaper. "So how are you really feeling?" She asked.

How did I feel? Should I lie and tell her everything was perfect? Or should I tell her the truth? Decisions, decisions.

"You want the truth?" I asked honestly.

"Always."

"Will my body ever go back to the way it was before my pregnancy? I mean it took nine months to create him, please tell me it takes no more than nine months for everything to go back?" There, I could start with that. I'd keep the deep shit for later on.

She grimaced, "Not exactly. But that's not a bad thing at all, just ask Chloe. Why? What's going on?"

"What do you mean, not a bad thing? I want my body back, Mom." I whined, trying to fight back the tears.

She'd finished snapping up Ryder's pajamas and placed him in his swing. She came over and sat on the arm of the recliner, put her arm around me and I leaned in to her. I missed my mom; I missed our little chats in the morning. I even missed her bitching and complaining about my brothers pissing on the toilet seat or my dad working long crazy hours at work.

"Baby girl, tell me what's going on in that brain of yours."

She still held me tight to her, "I can't bring myself to look in the mirror, Mom. I'm so ugly now. I have this little pouch and these stretch marks." I was sobbing trying to get the last part out. "You should've seen the way Hunter was looking at me last night, Mom."

She brought my head down to rest on her leg and ran her hands through my hair. She continued to do this until I finally calmed down. I wiped my face with the blanket that was draped over my legs, took a few deep breaths and then lifted my head. "Sorry Mom."

"Oh baby girl, don't ever be sorry." She grabbed my good hand and held onto it. "I'm sure Hunter wasn't looking at you any differently. That boy sees nothing but you, MacKenzie. You're beautiful inside and out, Hunter adores you."

I shuddered. I hoped that was still true.

She pointed to Ryder who was snoozing in his swing. "Look at that baby, MacKenzie, he came from you. Yes, maybe he took some of your beauty, but would you have it any other way? You lost some, he gained it."

"I feel like I've failed him, Mom. I wasn't there when he needed me the most; I missed his first week of life." I told her, still shuddering.

"And there's nothing we can do to change that sweetie. What's done is done. Hunter was there to step in and he did an amazing job. Most boys his age would be running for the damn hills and never looking back. Just thank your lucky stars that boy is head over heels for you. Let the past be in the past."

The house phone rang, Mom patted my hand and then let go to answer it. I heard her from the kitchen, "Hello."

I knew my mom was right, in a way, but it ate at me every time I looked at my boys. One day, hopefully, I'll be able to leave it in the past like Mom said.

"Hello. Who's there?"

"Hello." That's been happening a lot this week, every time I answered the phone, it's always just someone breathing down the line.

"Well that was weird, all I heard was breathing." Mom said when she walked back into the living room.

"Yeah, I think it's time we get the number changed. Probably some kids playing games."

"Yeah, maybe. So what else is going on?" Mom asked. She sat on the couch, where there was a basket full of clothes. She picked up a pair of Ryder's little pants and folded it.

"I feel like there's a shit storm brewing and everyone is hiding from me. I can only ever get Hailey on the phone. Jaylinn comes here after work but claims she's tired and goes to bed. Chloe is the only one who comes over for a visit and doesn't run. Christ, I can't even get Mason to come over, as a much of a pain in the ass as he is. I'm about to tell him something's wrong just to lure him here."

Mom laughed and shrugged her shoulders, "I don't know what's going on. Maybe you should have Hunter call them all and plan something for this weekend. Your dad and I would love to spend some time with Ryder for a little while."

"Yeah, maybe I will." Mom continued folding the clothes while I watched a movie on Lifetime.

After CC and I took our shower together, I wrapped her in my arms until she was sound asleep. After I knew she was out for the night, I got up and crept downstairs to check on Jaylinn and Cooper, who were still watching Ryder for us. Cooper was in the kitchen warming up a bottle for Ryder when he told me to call his dad; apparently he'd wanted to talk to me.

I rang him and after spending some time on the phone, I felt a little more at ease that he was taking care of the situation. I hadn't really expected anything less; I mean we're talking about his daughter and grandson. Not to mention the fact that she was completely clueless about any of this.

He'd explained that he's known about my whole situation since we'd moved here. I was informed that Mom had confided in Mrs. Cahill. Apparently they'd gotten to drinking one night, shortly after meeting, and had hit it off. The next morning she'd been worried that she'd told Mrs. Cahill too much and that we'd be moving again. She needed to keep us safe. Mrs. Cahill had sat her down for coffee and they'd talked for hours, while Jaylinn and I were out playing with the Cahill's at the baseball field behind their house.

He knew all about Dad's robbery of the South Berry Credit Union. He knew that Mom had been held captive at gun point in her own home, as 'insurance', while it happened. Jaylinn was only a baby at the time and they made sure to keep her in a separate room. When Dad finally came home that night and the captors let Mom go, they'd found Jaylinn in her crib naked, with a piece of tape over her mouth. He knew Dad had gotten into some trouble and didn't have a choice but to rob the bank or he would have been killed. He knew that I'd been with my grandparents when everything went down. He knew Dad told Mom that it would never happen again.

Mr. Cahill knew my mom never went to the police because she feared for our safety. The next time it happened I was home, but I hid in my bedroom closet until Mom came to get me. He knew Mom packed us up in the middle of the night and disappeared.

Mrs. Cahill told my mom that her husband was an FBI Agent and that she knew for a fact that he'd help keep us safe. Mr. Cahill wanted to take my mom into headquarters but she'd refused to talk about it. He made a promise to her for that as long as she lived near us; he would always look out for us and protect us. No family should ever have to go through something like that.

After Mom confessed everything to the Cahill's, they instilled the need to always protect CC in Jackson, Mason, and Cooper. When I hung up the phone a couple of hours later, I felt a sense of relief that I wasn't the only one looking out for my family. This whole time it was like two families had combined into one, forming a stronger bond, a bond that would never be broken.

My only problem was that CC didn't know about any of this. Just like Mr. Cahill never wanted what he did for a living to touch her, I didn't want my past to touch her either. However, now that my dickbag of a father was back in the picture, I wasn't sure I could make that happen, but I was damn sure going to try my hardest.

I was thankful that Mrs. Cahill said she was coming over for a visit today; I really wanted to go and check up on my mom. She'd been acting really strange lately; she kept telling me everything was fine, but I knew her better than that. I stopped there before going shopping.

"Ma!" I called out when I walked into the house. I was going to have to talk to her about keeping the damn doors locked.

"In the kitchen." she called back.

I walked in and took a seat at the island, "Hey Ma."

She was standing at the sink, washing the dishes, "Hey Hunter. How's my grandson doing?" She asked over her shoulder.

"You'd know if you came over to see him." It came out harsher than I wanted it to but damn it, it was the truth.

"I know, I'm sorry. With Jason showing up, I'm all out of sorts. I don't know how he found us after all these years, Hunter. Why now? Why, when things are great does he show back up?" she pleaded.

I took a deep breath, I knew this was what had been bothering her, and she hadn't wanted to tell me over the phone because she knew I'd have been over here in a flash. "Ma, I don't know. Try not to worry about it, ok? Mr. Cahill has it covered. I talked to him last night and they have someone watching each of our houses."

She dried her hands with the dish towel and took a seat next to me. "I'm sorry that you have to go through all this bullshit now that you have your own family to take care of. Are you going to talk to MacKenzie about this?"

I stood and went to the fridge to grab two bottles of water, "No Ma, I'm not going to tell her until I don't have a choice."

She took the bottle I offered her, "I sure hope you know what you're doing."

I really hoped I was doing the right thing. No! I knew I was; I wasn't putting my family in the middle of this shit storm unless it was necessary. CC would understand why I hadn't told her this was going on, if she didn't I would have to make sure she did. She and Ryder were my life.

14

After Hunter came home from shopping, three hours later, Mom joined him in the kitchen to make dinner. We'd invited my dad to join us since he hadn't had a chance to stop over because he'd been so busy with work. I asked Mom not to say anything to Hunter about my little melt down earlier, but I knew she would anyway.

I could hear them whispering in the kitchen, "So I think you need to gather everyone up and have a date night or something, Hunter. That girl in there is missing everyone. She's so used to everyone coming and going all the time and she said she's barely seen anyone." Mom told him.

I heard the sink turn on and some pots and pans being banged around, then the stove clicking from the pilot light. "Yeah I know. Everyone's trying to avoid her. I don't think they mean it, but Kenzie's starting to notice. Did she say something to you today?" Hunter asked, concern lingering in his voice.

I was staring at the TV mounted on the wall above the fireplace, but I could feel Mom's eyes on me, so I made sure to keep my face neutral. I heard her sigh, "Yeah. She had a bit of a meltdown earlier. She's ok now, but things are really bothering her. She sees more than we think she does."

Hunter dropped something on the stove harder than he needed to, "Damn it." He didn't speak for a few minutes. "Alright, I'll see if I can get everyone over here. I think she misses them, even when they pick on her."

I heard a crackle of someone opening a can of soda, "It's not just them, Hunter. She's worried about you. She doesn't see herself like she used to, she's afraid that you're going to run."

Damn it Mom, I told you not to say anything!

Hunter cleared his throat; this was making him uncomfortable, "Mrs. Cahill..."

Mom cut him off, "Hunter please we've asked you to call us Elle and Andrew, or Mom and Dad."

"Right, sorry, Elle. I told her last night, I don't see those things. To me they are memories and reminders of what happened. She protected Ryder when she crashed. If it wasn't for that...he probably wouldn't be here right now."

There was some rustling around and then Dad appeared in the doorway leading from the hallway. I put my finger up to my mouth to keep him quiet. He looked at me questioningly before coming over and bending down next to my recliner, "What's going on?"

I missed Dad. I didn't spend nearly enough time with him anymore. His hair was getting whiter on the sides, not that it looked bad but it was a sign of his age. He also had some serious bags under his eyes. "Mom is running her trap. I told her not to tell Hunter about my meltdown earlier." I answered pouting my lips.

Dad chuckled lightly, "Wonder how long 'til she notices I'm here?"

We both glanced over towards the kitchen and they were both still doing their thing in there. Ryder started fussing, "Well, someone noticed you were here, Poppy." I winked at Dad.

"That's my boy." Dad stood up and went over to Ryder who was still in his swing.

Mom came out of the kitchen, wiping her hands on the black apron tied around her waist, "Oh, hi honey. When did you get here?"

Mom kissed Dad's cheek and I groaned. "Please! Don't do that shit." I begged.

Dad, laughing at my reaction, picked up Ryder as Hunter came over to help me to the kitchen table. Mom pulled out the chair and Hunter sat me down. Damn, I can't wait to be able to do shit on my own! I really needed to pee, but I didn't want to have to ask anyone. Oh well, guess I'm waiting until after dinner.

Mom dished the salad in my bowl. Hunter was getting Ryder's chair from the living room so he could join us for dinner, and Dad was shoveling food onto his plate. Now if the rest of the crew were here, I'd be a happy girl.

After everyone was situated and eating, Hunter announced, "I'm going to have everyone over Saturday night for dinner, CC. Is that ok with you?"

I glanced over at Mom and gave her an 'I know you told him' look and said, "Yeah, sounds good to me, if it's not too much trouble. The girls can hang out with the babies and you guys can do what you want in the man cave."

Hunter had converted half of the basement into his man cave; it was all decked out with New York Giants memorabilia. I had to give it to him, the cave was pretty awesome. The bottom half of the walls were painted blue, the top half grey with a red strip in the center. He had a few jerseys that he'd had signed, framed and hung along the back wall. There were also a few helmets, signed as well, that were placed on each side of the two windows. We were able to find a Giants rug that was checkered red and blue with the NY logo on it. Then there was the TV, Hunter had to have the 70-inch. He just couldn't settle for a normal TV like any other person. Oh, and let's not forget to mention the surround sound, I swear that the neighbors three houses down could hear when the Giants or even the Yankees were on. We also had a black leather sectional, pool table and a mini bar down there as well.

"Baby girl, why don't you let me and your mom take Ryder for the night or even just a few hours if you aren't ready to leave him yet?" Dad said, smiling at Mom. Damn those two and their silent conversations. Yeah, I could read Hunter like a book most of the time, but my parents had it down to a science.

I looked over at Hunter; I'd be ok for a few hours, but overnight? I'm not so sure. "What do you think?" I asked him.

"Let them keep him overnight." Hunter reached over with his hand under the table and squeezed the inside of my thigh.

With my face starting to flush I answered, "Okay, but if I can't handle it, I'm coming to get him."

Mom smiled at Dad, then to me, "You have your key baby girl."

The rest of the evening I had a smile on my face, finally things were starting to get back to normal, or as normal as it could get with a new baby.

After we finished up dinner, CC and her mom were upstairs bathing Ryder before they put him down for bed. Andrew, it still felt wrong to call him that, was in the kitchen helping me load the dishwasher.

I was placing a cup in the rack when he asked, "How's she really doing?"

I shrugged, "I thought she was doing ok until Elle told me she fell apart this afternoon.

He nodded, "Yeah, MacKenzie told me she'd asked her mother not to say anything to you, but I know my wife. She'll do whatever she has to do to make her family happy."

I put the last plate in the dishwasher, there was so much I wanted to talk about with him but I didn't want to do it in the house with CC here.

Andrew cleared his throat, "I have to hand it to you Hunter. I admire you; I think if one of my boys were in this situation, they'd have run for the hills. You two are still so young and have your whole lives in front you. Not many can hang in there."

That meant a lot, coming from the man standing before me. I'd never had a real father figure in my life; the closest I'd had was my grandfather. After the shit that went down with Jason, Mom had moved us in with my grandparents in the Tennessee Valley Mountains. I'd looked up to him and learned a lot from him. He was a great man. He passed away due to lung cancer the year we moved to Jersey and my grandmother joined him within a few days. Mom said she'd died of a broken heart, since she was healthy before she passed. Mom never went back there; I on the other hand, try to get up there whenever the house isn't being rented out. Mom didn't have the heart to sell it and it's not like we needed the money since they'd set Jaylinn and I up with a trust fund, so she hired a realtor and rented it out. When I'd taken CC away with me last year, I knew that was the place I would bring her. Some of my greatest memories took place in that house.

I was a lucky son of a bitch to have had these people in my life. "Thanks Andrew. I told you when I asked for her hand in marriage, that there was nothing I wouldn't do for her, and I meant it."

He let out a deep breath, "I know you did son."

I finished wiping down the counters and sent a group text to Mason, Hailey, Jaylinn, Cooper, Chloe and Jackson.

Group 9:20p.m. : Get together at our house tomorrow at 3. No deep shit, all fun

Mason 9:22 p.m.: K

Jaylinn 9:24 p.m.: sounds good. Coop and I will be there

Jackson 9:28 p.m.: We need to find a sitter

Me 9:29 p.m.: Check with ur mom. Hails ?

Hailey 9:36 p.m.: Yeah yeah I'll be there

I was really starting to worry about Hailey; I'm going to have to pull Mason aside tomorrow and figure out what the f**k's going on.

CC, Ryder and I hung out together most of the day. Everyone would be showing up soon and we were just waiting on them. The plan was to meet here, have pizza, and then CC's parents were going to take Ryder and Alex back to their house for a sleepover.

Everyone had shown up, except for Hailey, so far. I kept looking at Mason when I knew CC was occupied, he just shook his head. I knew things were rough with them but this was for CC, she could put that shit aside for one night. Just as I was about to call her, she showed up with a big ass bottle of vodka.

When CC noticed Hailey, her face lit up. "It's about damn time." She said, joking around with her friend.

"Don't even start," she giggled, "My ass has been at work since seven this morning. Damn inventory control."

I walked over and took the bottle from her and she threw her arms around CC. "I miss your face bitch." I heard Hailey's muffled voice.

"Miss you too."

CC, Jackson, Chloe and I, all said goodnight to our boys before they left with their grandparents.

CC spoke up from her seat in the recliner, "Now listen to me. I don't want to hear one damn word about the shit that's gone down these past few weeks. Not. A. Word. Tonight's going to be fun. Us girls are letting our hair down, so hold on to your hats boys."

All the guys raised their eyebrows and shook their heads; the girls looked at each other and winked. We were in for a ride tonight.

15

I was determined to have a good time tonight; I hadn't taken any of my pain medicine so I'd be able to drink with everyone. Mom and Dad promised they'd be fine with Ryder for the night and I'd told myself there's nothing I needed to worry about.

"Kenz, shot?" Hailey asked me on the way to the kitchen.

"Hell, yes!" Hunter was watching me; I smiled and blew him a kiss, causing Cooper to throw a pillow right at the back of his head.

"Knock that shit off." Mason groaned.

Hailey reappeared with eight shot glasses, a lemon, knife, cutting board and my sugar bowl. She put everything down on the living room table and chucked the lemon at Mason. "Make yourself useful, Ace." Hunter, Jackson and Cooper started hooting and hollering. Jaylinn, Chloe and I threw our heads back and started laughing.

As Hailey started pouring the shots, she informed us, "We're playing a game. It's called Ask Me About..." Hailey and her games. I shook my head, shit never ended well with her games.

"How the hell do you play that?" Jackson asked as he adjusted Chloe's legs across his own.

Hailey smiled at him, "You ask one person about something, anything at all. If they don't answer they have to take a shot." She chuckled and rolled her eyes. "I have a feeling there is going to be a lot of drinking tonight. I'll go first."

Hailey was giving Mason the evil eye; this was not going to be pretty. "Mason. How many girls have you slept with?"

See! He was staring her down; I didn't think he was going to answer. "Eleven."

Cooper coughed out the word "bullshit."

Mason diverted his eyes to Cooper. "My turn," Mason said.

"Jaylinn, did you hand in your v-card yet?" Jaylinn cringed and Hunter went stiff as a board next to me. I needed to fix this so things didn't get out of hand and ruin my night. I reached over and ran my finger up his thigh, on a path to his zipper. It'd been more than a month since Hunter and I had made love. I knew he was trying to patiently wait those six weeks. I was going to try and push those boundaries tonight, even if I was secretly doing it for Jaylinn.

When I reached the zipper he sat back and pulled the covers that were draped over my legs over his lap. Now he's getting it. I shifted so I was angled towards him and reached for his zipper. He looked at me, eyes hooded.

Jaylinn answered, "No." Hunter sighed, so much for my plan. Oh well, it was fun anyway.

"Kenzie, have you ever been caught having sex?" Jaylinn asked.

I rested my head on Hunter's shoulder for a second, trying to contain the laugh that was bubbling up. "Hell yeah," I glimpsed over at Hailey as she shuddered. "How many times now Hails?"

She picked up a shot and downed it, "Too many to count." She wiped her mouth with the back of her hand. "I'm still trying to figure out how you were bent over with your stom-" Three pillows were thrown at Hailey cutting her short, while Hunter and I laughed hysterically.

After I was finally able to calm down enough to talk, I knew who I was going after, I just hoped she kept it clean for my sake. "Hailey," she smirked, "craziest place you've had sex."

Her mouth fell open, oh shit, here it comes. She didn't look in Mason's direction once, no eye contact, no nothing. Something was going on with them. "In my Jeep, while we were driving."

"How the hell did that work?" Jackson asked. Clearly he was thinking really hard about this.

Mason piped up, "It just does." Hailey still never looked in his direction, while he stared a hole right into her.

"He's right, when you want it enough, you make it work." Finally she glanced at him, but only for a second. That statement had so many meanings, especially for those two.

"They're just lucky enough their crazy asses didn't get pulled over when the cops passed." Jaylinn said in a fit of giggles.

This is what I missed; no one had a care in the world right now. I wanted to bottle this time up because I knew it was going to be short lived once the night was over. I was content in Hunter's arms, these people were my family. Some might not be blood, but I loved them just as much.

"Chloe, you're up girl." Jaylinn said. Chloe's eyes widened. I didn't know why, she knew how crazy things were going to get. "Have you ever faked an orgasm?"

Jackson narrowed his eyes at Jaylinn.

Chloe didn't answer at first, she looked at Jackson and the answer flashed across her face. She looked at me, then reached for the shot glass, dipped a lemon slice in sugar, and downed her shot. Everyone was quiet until Cooper snickered first, and then everyone lost it. I had pains in my stomach from laughing so hard. I'd pay for that tomorrow.

Jackson picked up a shot and downed it, "You couldn't have just answered the question?" He slammed down the glass on the coffee table.

"Hell no! No one wants to hear how many times that's happened." Chloe said with a straight face. I was about to wipe my tears away, but stopped midway to my face and gawked at her. Then I saw the red creeping up her neck and she burst out laughing, while Jackson just sat there stunned. After a few minutes he turned his glare on Hailey and she gave it right back. Hailey had known what she was starting and she wasn't going to be intimidated by Jackson.

"Alright Hunter," Chloe smirked. Most of the time this girl was prim and proper, but sometimes she let her hair down, and tonight was one of those nights. "Most daring place you've had sex."

Hunter swore under his breath and shifted his body towards me; I reached over and started for his zipper again. His eyes snapped to mine and held my gaze. I knew he was thinking about that night, that night was heaven for me.

He kissed the tip of my nose and looked over at Chloe; I noticed he wasn't making eye contact with my brothers because they were going to hate this answer. "On the bike in Bentley's garage." That night came rushing back to me; he made me feel things I'd never felt before. You would've thought it would've been awkward with trying to keep the bike steady, but it wasn't at all.

My brothers all cursed at the same time while giving Hunter a death glare, I'm so glad I'm wrapped in his arms right now.

"Alright, Coop," Cooper nodded his head, "Have you and Mase ever tag teamed?"

It felt like someone sucked all the air out of the room. Everyone was waiting for the pin to drop. Cooper looked at Mason and they both smirked, just slightly, and only for a second, but I caught it. I was a wiz at reading them both. The bigger question was, with whom? I observed Hailey and Jaylinn who were sitting next to each other on the floor. Both of their faces were unreadable, which was shocking, because Hailey was the easiest to read. At the same time, both girls picked up a lemon, dipped it in sugar, picked up a shot glass and raised it above their heads to Mason and Cooper. Hmm, they either already knew or they didn't want to find out.

Mason and Cooper didn't reach for the glasses though, only the lemons. They put them skin side into their mouths then reached for the shot glass and pulled the girls back to their laps. At the same time they poured the shots in the girl's mouths and then bent down and gave them the lemons. I groaned, wanting Hunter to do that to me. He must have been thinking the same thing because he cupped my chin and tilted my head up to kiss. Gently at first, then his tongue was seeking more, when it collided with mine I moaned and it only made him deepen the kiss. This was our first kiss like this in front of my brothers; most of the time Hunter was respectful of them, and they appreciated that.

"You're going to get pregnant like that, oh wait, you already did." Jackson deadpanned.

Hunter and I tore our lips apart, he rested his forehead against mine, leaving us both breathless.

"Well?" Chloe asked Mason and Cooper.

Both shrugged and eyeballed Hunter. Wait a minute! I sat up straight and eyed both of my brothers and then Hunter. Hunter was like stone, no emotion. I looked at the girls, trying to put the pieces together but nothing was connecting.

Cooper playfully punched Mason in the shoulder; both of them were lounging on the sofa, "First girl you slept with."

"Dude, you know the answer already, Lily." Cooper glanced at me, very quickly. Mason started coughing.

That was it, my missing piece. I narrowed my eyes at Hailey and she looked away. Then I did the same to Jaylinn and she narrowed her eyes right back at me. Then I studied Hunter, he was still stone, no emotion. He never flinched when I was scrutinizing him.

A laugh bubbled up from deep inside me, "Are you f**king kidding me?" My head fell back and I laughed my ass off. Everyone lost their virginity to Lily, and then it sunk in. They'd all slept with her on the same night, at the same damn time. What the f**k?

After the laughter subsided and realization had dawned on me, Hunter reached behind my neck and brought me towards him. He talked low into my ear, "I didn't sleep with her that night, but they don't know that."

I breathed a sigh of relief; I turned my head slightly and kissed his cheek.

The rest of the night continued the same way, everyone was pretty tanked by the end of it. Jaylinn had curled herself up on Cooper's lap and was passed out. Jackson and Chloe were talking quietly to themselves from the recliner they were perched in. Chloe was a lot of fun tonight, most of the time she was quiet and stayed to herself, but I loved it when she really let go with us. Hailey was snuggled up in the corner of a recliner on the opposite side of the room. Mason lay on the side of it, knees bent, arms crossed over his face.

"Psst." Mason dropped his arms and looked in my direction. I nodded my head towards Hailey. "Go get her. The extra bedroom is yours for the night."

He didn't move right away and put his arms back over his face. I shrugged my shoulders at Hunter. A few minutes later he groaned, I looked up into Hunter's eyes and he winked at me. Mason climbed off the floor and went to Hailey. He didn't say anything to her, I'm not sure she would have heard him anyway, she was pretty toasted. He collected her up in his arms and went down the hallway to the stairs.

I sighed and Hunter did the same. We sat there a little while longer before my eyes grew heavy. Hunter followed Mason's lead and took me upstairs, where he undressed me and settled us in bed. He kissed me on the lips, then my neck, shoulder, the valley between my br**sts, and continued all the way down my stomach. He stopped and looked up at me; tears were pooled in my eyes.

"I love you, everything about you, CC. Never doubt that." Hunter said in a husky voice.

He kissed me where my bandage was from my C-section and the tears spilled over. He left me breathless.

It was a perfect ending to a perfect night.

16

I was awakened to the same kisses I went to bed with. When I stirred, Hunter groaned and placed a kiss on my neck, then dragged his tongue up my neck to that sweet spot behind my ear and sucked lightly on it.

"Marry me?" He tested his luck again.

If he kept this up there'd be no way I could keep telling him no. Hell, I was half tempted to tell him to drag me to City Hall tomorrow, but I knew I would be upset with myself; I wanted the perfect wedding for my perfect husband to be. I knew he really wouldn't care one way or the other, but I didn't want any more memories of the day I could have lost both him and Ryder.

"Soon, I promise." I moaned as he flicked his tongue on the same spot he was kissing. "Let's pick a date at least, ok? It'll give us something to look forward to."

He placed one last kiss and then rolled onto his back, "Ok, if that's all you'll give me for now I'll deal with that."

I turned over, stretched my casted arm over his chest and twined my good leg with his and then placed a kiss in the nook of his neck. "So what're you thinking? It can't be this month or next, I know how you think."

When he chuckled his chest vibrated against my ear, "Three weeks, two days." I mumbled, not really meaning for him to hear.

He chuckled again, "You're counting too?"

I lifted my head and gazed into his eyes, "I miss you babe."

He flipped me so I was on my back and he was hovering over me. He was paying extra care to not put any of his weight on my stomach. "Be careful," I laughed. "You might get breast milk all over you. God only knows when this shit stops, I'm not even breast feeding."

"I don't care," he pressed himself into me showing me just how much he didn't care. "This is the longest waiting game of my life. I know we only have a few more to go, but it's going to kill me."

I wrapped my arms around his neck and pulled him closer to me, I wanted so badly to wrap my legs around his h*ps and get him closer but I just couldn't. It was my ankle that still caused most of my pain.

"Really?" Hunter and I both jumped at the same time but didn't pull away. "Even with her all banged up you are still trying to get some." Hailey said. I didn't have to see her face to know she was smiling.

"If you don't get the f**k out of my room you're going to get another show, smart ass." Hunter said, smiling down at me.

"No Hunter, don't stop." I said playing along.

Hailey made a gagging noise, "That was more than I needed to hear, Kenz. Get your asses up, Mason is making breakfast."

I was shocked, I mouthed to Hunter, "Mason making breakfast?"

He shrugged his left shoulder, still being mindful of his body weight. "The things you do when you're in love." He responded loud enough for Hailey to hear.

She was tapping her foot, waiting for us. "Hails you really are going to get a show if you don't leave." I clarified to her.

"Who cares? It's not like I haven't seen you two na**d enough. Plus, Hunter has a nice ass." She said, snickering. My eyes widened as Hunter smiled, he really did have a nice ass and he knows it, but I really didn't expect to hear that from Hailey. "But really though, you have a lot of balls Hunter, with her brothers under the same roof."

"My roof, and they wouldn't be just walking in without," Hunter raised his voice, "knocking!"

He had a point, my brothers, or even Chloe or Jaylinn, for that matter wouldn't have walked in without knocking first. Only Hailey would feel comfortable enough to do that.

"I did knock, ass**le." She walked further into the room and her footsteps stopped by the end of the bed. "I need my girl for the day, so once breakfast is over I'm taking her out."

I held my breath for a minute, realization setting in again. I couldn't just jump out of bed and run off with Hailey the way I used to. I had a baby to think about first, plus how would I get around while I was still all banged up?

Hunter leaned his weight on his elbows and brushed his thumbs over my cheeks, "You're fine, I'll be here with Ryder." Hunter said just loud enough for me to hear. I nudged him with my arm and foot reminding him that I still had them to deal with. "You can do it, Hailey will help you."

"I can hear you over there whispering, I haven't left yet." Hailey reached over and tickled my foot; I yanked it up away from her.

"Have I ever told you that you're annoying?" I groaned and slid the covers down so I could see her, but careful not to push them too much or Hailey would have another great view of Hunter's ass.

"I have perfect timing. I broke this shit up before your brothers heard you moaning Hunter's name and ruined our plans for the day." She stated as a matter of fact. She walked a little closer to us and Hunter shifted his body to cover mine from Hailey. "Now," she slapped Hunter on his ass, "get your hot little asses out of this bed and downstairs. Chop. Chop." Then she turned on her heel and left.

Hunter dropped his head onto my shoulder, "Remind me to always lock that door when she's around."

I giggled; he pulled himself off me and quickly went to the door to lock it. He came and sat on the edge of the bed, "I'm going to take a cold shower, and then we can go eat ok?"

"Hell no, I need one too." I smirked at him.

"And who am I to deny you?" He came around to the other side of the bed, pulled behind my knees and settled between my legs before he hoisted me up. Off to the bathroom we went.

I carried CC to the bathroom and placed her on the sink, just like I had the other night. I got both of her casts covered so they wouldn't get wet. After I was done I stood between her legs, cupped her face and kissed her. Her lips were a favorite of mine, right alongside her ass and her eyes. She gasped at the feel of me; she reached with her good arm behind me and pulled me forward. I was right there; just a little push and I would have been inside her. I reached behind her, pressed against her ass to move forward enough so I could grab a hold of her.

I stepped into the shower without adjusting the water first. I figured it would be freezing, which was good because we both needed it, but it was refreshing.

"You're so beautiful, CC." She leaned in and kissed my lips, then pulled away when I didn't kiss her back. When she noticed what I was looking at she smirked. On the side of her right breast, there was a mark that I'd left last night. She didn't need any more marks; damn, I'd gotten a little too carried away.

"Don't look at it like that, Hunter. I see it as a love bite; there isn't anything wrong with that." I swear she's in my head more than anyone should be allowed, which could be dangerous too.

"I'm sorry; I didn't mean to be so rough last night. Things got a little carried away." I pressed her back up against the shower wall and she shivered. "When I get near you," I shook my head, "I just can't help it."

I reached down for her body wash that smelled of coconuts, I was torturing myself. I wanted her so badly. I was so hard; it hurt to have her pressed against me. I gently set her down on her feet, put the body wash on that puffy thing of hers and started with her shoulders. I washed down her arms all the way to her fingertips on her good arm and stopped right at the cast on the other arm, she was watching me with such awe in her eyes. I paid special attention to her br**sts, loving the fullness of them. I caressed her stomach and all the way down her legs. Big mistake, I was going to lose it any minute and she wasn't even doing anything to me. I turned her carefully in my arms to keep her balanced and let the water cascade down her body to wash all the soap away.

When it was all gone she turned to me, "Your turn big guy."

She winked and then reached to the side of her to grab my body wash; this was going to be painful. Once she had some on my body she started the same way I had, but only one side at a time while I steadied her. She rubbed the soap into my shoulders and then down my arms to my fingers. She pulled my left hand under the water, rinsed away the foam, and then kissed each of my fingertips. When she got to my ring finger she pulled it into her mouth, and I moaned at the feeling of her tongue against my skin. I squeezed my eyes shut. When she swirled that f**king tongue around my finger, I was shaking, I watched her and tried my hardest to smile but I was too f**king hard. Didn't she realize what she was doing to me?

"Baby you have to stop, I can't take much more of this shit." I said breathlessly.

She hummed around my finger before she pulled it out with a pop. "I'm sorry baby but I'm just getting started."

CC reached down and added more soap to my chest. She rubbed her palm down my pecs. Then she continued the torture by using her fingers and tracing my abs. I was holding her steady by her h*ps and I'm sure at this point she'd have bruises from my fingertips.

When she got to her favorite spot, my V, she looked up at me with so much affection in her eyes I just wanted to take her right here, right now. "I love you."

"I love you more baby."

She continued down to my dick and grasped the head of it. I sucked in a breath and held it. Think of ice, ice cream, ice cubes, anything cold. Nothing was working.

She stroked all the way down to the base, my whole body was strung so tight. "CC, please stop. I can't take much more."

My legs were shaking and still she continued, "Then don't, Hunter. No one's telling you to hold back."

Pulling her body to me, I softly bit down on her shoulder and rested my hands on her ass as she jerked me off. It only took a few strokes and I cursed under my breath as my cl**ax hit.

After a few moments I turned her towards the water and rinsed her off. I grabbed the shampoo and we took turns washing each other's hair. Once we were both clean again, I shut off the shower and reached for the towels. I wrapped one around her and then one around myself while she steadied herself on the shower wall. I carried her back to the bedroom and set her on the bed.

Going over to her dresser I pulled out her thong, bra and yoga pants. I set everything down on the bed and was helping her by placing her feet in her thong when someone pounded on the door.

"What the f**k are you two doing in there?" Mason roared from the other side of the locked door.

"Getting dressed! Relax, freak show." CC yelled back then lay back on the bed.

"Fuck!" Mason yelled then stomped away.

CC was laid out in front of me, so f**king hot, black lacy thong around her ankles. Fuck! Think of rubber ducks, late night feedings, crying baby. Again nothing worked.

CC propped up on her elbows, "Everything ok?"

Looking down at the tent I was sporting in the towel, I shook my head. She sat up; I stood up and pulled her to her feet. She pulled her towel off and then did the same to mine. She looked down and smiled. What was so f**king funny here? She took her towel and hung it on my dick, "Thanks babe, I needed somewhere to hang it." She reached down and pulled up her thong.

I glared at her, "Such a wise ass, eh?"

She reached for her bra and flashed me another saucy smile. "January 22nd."

Huh? She shook her head, "Jeez, pump some of that blood back to the other head. Our wedding date, January 22nd."

"Ok." I wasn't going to argue with her. If she said tomorrow I'd make it happen, if she said next year, I might have to give a little fight.

"Ok."

I was one step closer to making my best friend, my soul mate, mine.

17

After Hunter and I were dressed, I called my mom to check on Ryder. I was really starting to miss him and wanted to check in on him.

"Hey Mom, how's Ryder?" I asked as soon as she answered.

"Hey baby girl, he's doing just fine. That little boy has your dad wrapped around his finger. We love having both our grandsons here." She told me.

I sighed in relief. I was kind of expecting a screaming baby in the background but should've known better. Mom and Dad did raise me and look how I turned out. "Good, I was worried."

"I know you were, with it being nine in the morning and all. I take it Hunter did a good job of keeping you distracted?" Mom asked.

I looked up to find Hunter gazing at me; I blushed, thinking of the shower this morning. "Yeah, he's pretty good at distracting me." Hunter smirked, smug jackass.

"So what're your plans today? Is everyone still there?" Mom asked. She must've been cooking because I could hear pots and pans hitting the stove.

"Well, Hailey wants me to venture out with her today. I don't know if that's a good idea or not, you know how things can end with her sometimes." I laughed.

Hunter said, "You can say that again."

Mom was cracking up too, "Oh Kenzie, I think you'll be just fine. You've been cooped up in that house for too long, you must be going crazy."

I was a little bit now that she'd said it. "Yeah, I think I'm going to go. Hunter said he would come and get Ryder, so you don't need to worry about that."

"Oh honey, tell him to go out with the boys. Ryder's just fine here with us. Why don't you all go out, do your things and come here for Sunday dinner? We haven't done that in a while." I glanced up to Hunter who was at his dresser spraying on some cologne.

"Mom, hang on." I covered the phone. "Mom said not to worry about Ryder and go out with the boys and then we can do Sunday dinner there. Is that ok with you?" I missed having family dinners too.

"Yeah, sounds good, I'll call Mom and tell her about dinner." Hunter said while reaching into his pocket for his cell phone.

"Mom that sounds good, I'll let everyone know since they're all still here." I told her. This would be good for Mason and Hailey too; I think they needed to spend more time together. Hailey was so busy with classes and Mason was so busy with baseball that they barely saw each other. Maybe that's their problem.

"I take it everyone had a good time if they're still there?" Mom asked, pondering.

I snickered, "Things were great, but I think everyone is still here because Mason cooked breakfast."

Mom didn't respond for a few minutes, "Mom?"

"I'm here; I think I'm in shock honey. Mason doesn't cook, that child of mine can't even boil water." She's right, he couldn't. "I'm going to let you go. Please make sure to text me a picture of this because if not, I'm not going to believe you."

I cackled, "Will do. Give Ryder a kiss for us. Love you."

"Love you too baby girl."

I hung up the phone and heard the end of Hunter's conversation with his mom, "I don't give a shit. You're coming."

I was a little blown away by his harshness. "Hunter?" He twisted and looked at me.

He looked down to the floor and spoke, "Yeah, don't worry about her. You ready to go downstairs?"

His whole demeanor had changed from his conversation with his mom, and I wondered what the hell was going on with them. Now that I thought about it, I haven't really seen her either. I'd question him about it later, right now I was starving. "Yeah, I need to see this shit."

He mustered up a little smile, "You and me both."

As soon as Hunter opened the bedroom door we were engulfed with the smell of bacon. "Damn," my stomach growled, "at least it smells good."

He was still so far away, "Let's hope it tastes as good too."

Walking into the dining room where Hunter could put me down, we were greeted by everyone sitting around the table. It was full of food; eggs, pancakes, French toast, sausage, ham, bacon, toast, orange, grape, apple juice and chocolate milk.

My mouth fell open, "Close your mouth, Kenz." Jackson said, sitting next to Chloe who hit him in the arm.

"Damn Mase, what the hell got into you?" I asked as Hunter sat me down in the chair that Cooper had pulled out for me.

He flicked his eyes over to Hailey who was sitting across from him and shrugged his shoulder. I peeped over at Hailey who had a smile on her face as she was digging into her food.

"Don't worry, it tastes pretty good. I think if he was going to try and off someone, it would be me." Hailey said to everyone.

That got Hunter to laugh; he took a seat next to me and started putting all my favorite foods on the plate without me even having to ask.

When everyone had their plates loaded, I leaned over to Hunter, "You want to tell them that we set a date? Or should we wait for dinner?"

A smile that finally reached his eyes showed me he wanted to tell everyone now, "Up to you."

I ruffled his hair, "You tell them." He kissed my forehead.

Everyone's eyes were on us, "I'm gonna lose my breakfast if you two don't knock that shit off." Cooper said. Then he bent over and kissed Jaylinn on the forehead to make a point to Hunter.

"Shut the f**k up ass**le," Hunter threw a piece of his bread at him, of course Cooper caught it with ease. "CC and I set a date for the wedding." All the girls got that dreamy look in their eyes, "January 22nd."

All the guys nodded and the girls squealed at the same time, "Shopping!"

Looks like I was in for a day of shopping for the wedding. I was actually looking forward to this outing with the girls.

After the girls finally settled down and finished their breakfast, the guys and I cleaned up the kitchen while they got ready to go out.

"You're really ready to hand your balls over to my sister?" Cooper asked. He was drying the pots and pans that Jackson was washing while I put them away. Mason had disappeared somewhere.

"He already handed them over years ago bro, you just never saw it." Jackson responded for me.

"Shut up jerk off, you handed yours over to Chloe too." I snapped back.

He shook his head, "I know man, I know."

Cooper was amused by this. I saw Jackson reach for the sprayer on the sink, I backed up and he shot Cooper right in the side of the face. "Now that's amusing." Jackson said.

Cooper dried his face with the towel in his hand, "Good one Jackson. Just remember payback's a bitch."

Mason came around the corner pulling Hailey with him. Hailey's hair was a little ruffled and her lips were red. "What the f**k's going on?" Mason asked.

I started laughing, "Hmm, well Coop, Hailey got her chocolate milk..." and Cooper finished my sentence, "and from the looks of it Mason's dick too." Hailey turned beet red, Mason was shooting daggers at us with his eyes while Cooper, Jackson and I, laughed our asses off.

"Funny, ass**les." Mason shot back.

CC yelled from the top of the stairs, "What the hell's going on down there?"

I walked over to the bottom of the stairs and yelled back up, "Oh you know? Hailey loves her chocolate milk..."

CC cut me off, "Hunter don't you dare finish that sentence." I started cracking back up again. "Come get me." She whined. I climbed the stairs and brought CC back down with Jaylinn and Chloe following behind.

"How the hell am I going to go out like this? I can't even walk or use the crutches and I'm scared shitless the girls will drop me." CC voiced her concern to me.

"Hunter, please tell her we can handle it." Chloe piped up behind me.

I kissed the side of CC's head, "They can handle it, and you barely weigh a thing."

CC glared at me, "Are you kidding me? Have you seen my ass lately? The longer I sit on it, the bigger it's getting."

I wanted to laugh at how cute she was but I knew she was self-conscious about her body now. I mumbled in her ear, "I love that ass. The things I want to do with it."

Her eyes widened, completely in shock, "Umm..."

Exactly the reaction I wanted, speechless. "You'll be fine, but if it makes you feel better we can follow you to the mall and put you in the wheelchair. The boys and I are going to watch the game at the bar not far from there."

CC looked at the girls and they all smiled, Jaylinn spoke up first, "It's up to you."

She looked at me with those piercing blue eyes, "Please?"

I actually kind of liked that she was leaning on me; she knew the girls would never let anything happen to her, but she wanted my security. "No problem."

After we dropped the girls off at the mall, the boys and I went over to the sports bar not too far away. I was glad we'd chosen to come here so we were close by if anything happened.

We walked in and the place was packed, we found a table in the back corner and went to sit down. The waitress, a cute redhead with crazy curly hair came over, "My name's Danielle, I'll be your waitress today. What can I get ya?"

We all ordered our beers and Danielle couldn't take her eyes off Mason. It didn't help that Mason was flirting with her either. I saw his hand fall from the table and the girl shifted her weight to her other foot. When she walked away, I glared at Mason, "What the f**k are you doing dude?"

"Nothing." He brushed me off, "Just making sure we get taken care of since it's so f**king packed."

I shook my head in disgust. "Any word from your dad, dude?" Cooper asked.

"Nope, not since the day we left the hospital. Jaylinn hear anything?" I hadn't really talked to Jaylinn lately because all my time was being consumed with CC and Ryder, but I knew she was in good hands.

It looked like he wanted to say something but he held back, "Just random calls and hang ups a lot more at your mom's."

"Shit. Us too. I guess we need to change the numbers. I'll pull Mom aside tonight and tell her I'm changing both of ours."

Cooper nodded. "Wonder what the hell he's doing here. Do you think he's been looking for you guys?" Jackson asked.

I knew they were concerned about us. Hell, I was worried too. How the hell did he find us? I was debating asking Mason if their dad had said anything more to him, when none other than Dominic walked in with a few of the guys he hung out with.

When he noticed us he tipped his head, said something to his friends, and then came in our direction.

"Just f**king great!" Mason said sarcastically.

He walked up cautiously, "Sorry to bother you but I just wanted to give you a heads up that Brittany's back in town. Apparently she moved here with her dad." He looked off into the distance, shook his head and then continued, "I don't understand why she can't get the f**king hint that I don't want her here."

"Sounds like a personal problem Dom, keep it moving." Mason told him at the exact same time that Cooper's, Mason's and my phone beeped with a text.

We all looked at our phones and then to each other before looking at the text.

My stomach was in a knot and I started sweating.

Hailey 12:19 p.m.: Get your asses here now.

It was a picture of the dickbag, Jason outside Victoria's Secret. All of us stood up at the same time, reached in our wallets and threw some money on the table.

"What the f**k's going on?" Jackson asked, chasing behind us.

We all piled into Mason's car and peeled out of the parking lot, while Cooper explained to Jackson what was happening. I was pissed off and fuming, I wanted to punch something but I just needed to get to CC first. Everything else could wait until she was safe and tucked into my arms.

18

The first place the girls wanted to go was Victoria's Secret; I had a bad addiction to that place and only went once every six months because I spent entirely too much money. I allowed them to talk me into going because I hadn't bought anything in almost a year. I wasn't about to spend that kind of money on boobs that I knew wouldn't be staying around.

"Fine, I'll go in there but I don't like being bullied into this. It's not right." I whined to Chloe who was pushing me in the wheelchair. Jaylinn and Hailey were already in the store.

"Stop being a brat and suck it up. Don't you want to get something nice for Hunter? You know, spice it up for the first time after having a baby?" Chloe said.

"Ugh..." I guess she had a point, "Fine."

She snickered, "See, I knew you'd see it my way."

When we walked in, my eyes were darting to all the things I wanted to purchase. I had a lot of the stuff already but I knew I would have to buy the new items. I silently groaned to myself, knowing I'd spend money I didn't want to spend. Hunter had given me his credit card and told me to buy whatever I wanted, but I hated spending his money. I still had a little bit of cash saved up and I hadn't purchased anything since I'd found out about Ryder, so I guess I could indulge a little bit.

Since Jaylinn hadn't ever purchased anything from here, she was in the dressing room with the sales associate, getting fitted. I grabbed a few things and Chloe put them in the bag they'd provided me, then I had her go over to the body sprays. I knew which one I was looking for; Hunter's favorite, Coconut Passion. I don't know what it is with that spray but he couldn't keep his hands off me.

"Does Hunter like that?" Chloe asked me, she sprayed a sample on the tester, then fanned it and smelled it.

"Yup, it reminds me of the beach and he goes a little crazy when I wear it." Oh how I couldn't wait for that time to come.

"Do you think Jackson would like it?" She picked up another body spray and did the same thing.

"Yeah he loves coconuts. What do you normally wear?" I knew she wore something but I'd never really asked.

"Juicy Couture, I'm getting kind of sick of it and want a change." Chloe picked up a bottle of Heavenly from the Dream Angels Collection and added it to the bag and also grabbed a bottle of Coconut Passion.

"Good choice!" I eyed Hailey from across the store; she looked like she was in a state of shock. "Hey Chloe, can you push me over to Hailey?"

"Um..." she must have glanced around looking for her, "yeah."

We passed a couple of racks with pajamas and I made a mental note to look at those before we left the store. As soon as we were within five feet of Hailey she snapped out of it. "Hails? Everything ok?"

Her eyes were still wide and a mile away, "Have you seen Jay? We need to find her." She brushed Chloe off and went straight to the back of the store.

"Jay?" Hailey shouted.

"I'm in here." Jaylinn shouted back. The sales associate was eyeing us like we were a little bit crazy. We were acting a little crazy so she wasn't wrong.

"Decent?" Hailey tried the knob but it was locked.

What the hell? "Hails, what's going on?"

She shook her head, "Nothing."

Not gonna fly with me, something's wrong. "Damn it Hailey," the store grew quiet; "Something's going on, what is it?"

"Really, nothing's wrong. I just want to find Jay. Macy's is having a sale and I want to get over there before all the good shit's taken."

I eyed her skeptically but before I could say anything Hunter was by my side.

He was out of breath, which considering he works out every day, hardly ever happens, "Hey." He kissed the top of my head.

"What the hell's going on? I thought you were at the bar." I snapped. Hunter hated coming in here with me, he said it made him uncomfortable.

Jaylinn peeked her head out, "What the hell, Hunter? Get out of here."

A lady in the dressing room next to Jaylinn walked out, Hunter caught the door before it closed. The sales associate gave Hunter a 'What the hell are you doing?' look, he shrugged his shoulders and winked. Damn! That panty dropping wink and smirk worked like a charm, the sales associate walked away with her head down.

He nodded his head in the direction of the door, I looked up and saw Chloe smiling at him, and she gave me a little push in his direction. Hunter pulled me into the dressing room, still smirking. He lifted me flush against his body and kissed me, long and hard. I completely forgot everything that had happened on the other side of the door, he was consuming me.

On the way over here, Cooper had filled Jackson in on my dad showing up at the mall where the girls where. He was already aware of everything that had happened and understood our panic to get there quickly. When Mason pulled into the mall parking lot a few minutes later, he dropped Cooper and me off at the nearest entrance to Victoria's Secret and we hauled ass all the way to the store. When we turned the corner, Jason was sitting on a bench just between Hollister and Victoria's Secret. He was by himself looking down at his phone. I'm not sure if he'd seen CC, Jaylinn and the girls or not. If he hadn't I didn't want to draw attention to them.

Why the f**k does he keep showing up? Was he following us? Does he want something? I had to get to the bottom of this shit.

I stopped Cooper and backed up around the corner again, "I don't think he knows they're in there." I took a deep breath, trying to slow my heart rate, "We have to distract him."

"I got it." He replied. A group of girls were walking past us; Cooper tapped my shoulder and moved in their direction, he was off.

I waited for what seemed like a lifetime when really it was only a couple of minutes, before I peeked around the corner. Cooper had the girls blocking Jason's view of the store and the corner I was standing behind.

I quickly rushed into the store and looked around frantically, trying to find the girls. I saw Hailey's blonde ponytail in the back and made my way towards her.

"...I want to get over there before all the good shit's taken." Hailey was telling CC.

"Hey." I said, slightly out of breath from all the adrenaline pumping through me. Then I kissed the top of her head, so thankful that Dickbag hadn't gone near her.

"What the hell's going on? I thought you were at the bar." CC snapped at me.

Jaylinn peeked her head out, "What the hell, Hunter? Get out of here."

When a lady in the dressing room next to Jaylinn walked out, I quickly grabbed the door before it shut. I winked and shrugged my shoulders at the sales associate then grabbed CC from Chloe.

I lifted CC up from her chair and kissed the hell out of her, I needed to distract her from the shit going on out there. I hated that Jason was back in my life, everything had been so perfect. I'd finally gotten my girl after all these years of wanting her, and now I felt like this was going to take her away from me. There's just no way I could let that happen, whatever he wanted I'd give it to him just to get him to leave. So as much as I was distracting her from what was going on, I was distracting myself from the possibility that she could be ripped from me once she found out about him.

Finally, out of breath, I pulled away. "Wow." CC said.

I sighed in relief that she was relaxing and not demanding to know why I was in here with her. I f**king hated this store. On one hand, no one should ever have to pay fifty dollars for a damn piece of cloth that covered your tits, and on the other, I wanted to buy everything for CC, which would break the bank with ease.

As I was still holding her up, I got a look at her ass in the mirror. I made sure she was steady before running my hands down the rest of her back and to her perfect f**king ass, just thinking about it was making me start to grow hard. "I love your ass in these yoga pants." I informed her.

I gave it a squeeze and she yelped a little. "Is that why you picked them out this morning?"

"Of course it is. Although, I should've dressed you in sweats since you were coming to the mall." I kissed her again, then twisted just slightly so I could walk her back to the wall.

Fuck! I hope they're getting rid of Jason. I didn't hear anyone talking outside of the dressing room. I was worried for Jaylinn too, but I knew she'd be safe with Cooper; he wouldn't let that ass**le near her.

Thankfully, CC was still distracted; I'd caged her in between my body and the wall. She dropped her hands and balanced herself. I had both hands planted on either side of her head and just took her in.

I knew what she was wearing since I'd helped dress her, but damn she looked fine. She had on a tight, bright blue V-neck, long sleeve shirt, which clung to her body like a second skin. The "V" was dipping low enough that I could see the swell of her tits, it was mouthwatering. That shirt combined with those yoga pants and I was ready to go.

I looked into her bright blue eyes that were hooded with passion; she loved when I raked her body over with my eyes.

Bang, bang, "Hunter let's go." Jackson said.

I jumped slightly; I wasn't expecting it because I was so caught up in CC. I closed my eyes preparing myself for the list of questions that was bound to come when I took CC home.

I helped her back into her chair, opened the door, and wheeled her out. I glanced up at Jackson who had a murderous look on his face. This isn't good. Shit's getting too close and CC is going to find out what I'd been keeping from her. I had to make a decision today, if I was going to tell her or wait and see if I could get rid of him myself. Whatever I did, I had to do it quickly, so I could keep my family safe.

I parked the car with Jackson and ran the stretch to the mall. Of course, today of all days, there were no close parking spaces. When we approached the end of the hall I heard Cooper laughing, "What the f**k's going on?" I pondered, mostly to myself.

"No f**king idea." Jackson said with his eyebrows pulled together.

Cooper was standing in the middle of a bunch of girls laughing and flirting. Really? At a time like this?

Jackson tapped my shoulder with the back of his hand, "I'm going to go find Hunter and the girls and get them back out to the car."

"Alright bro, I'm going to see what this douchebag is up to." I really hoped he knew what the f**k he was doing.

"...I was the class after yours." Some short girl with long black hair and a big ass was telling Cooper.

I cleared my throat, catching Cooper's attention, "Yo, bro. What's going on?"

Cooper moved slightly, revealing Jason behind him, now everything made sense. "When I walked in, I saw these fine ass girls and wanted to see if they were interested in coming to our party next weekend." He threw his arm around the girl with the black hair and the other five had dreamy looks in their eyes. "You remember," he looked down at the girl, "what's your name again?"

The girl giggled, "Angie."

"Right, right, Angie here went to school with us." Cooper smiled at her and then glanced towards the store just as Jaylinn - who looked pissed, Chloe, Jackson, and Hailey walked out toward the hallway we'd entered.

I noticed some movement over Cooper's shoulder and moved over slightly so I could see what was going on. Jason stood, and the girl he'd been talking to, took a step back revealing the side of her face. Fucking Brittany! You've got to be f**king kidding me. What the hell's she doing with that ass**le? I lifted my chin in Jason's direction but Cooper was gone, replaced by Hailey. I stood there with a bunch of girls I didn't know and a livid Hailey, she'd caught my nod though.

Hailey put the pieces together, turned her head and gawked at me, "What the hell?" The girls started backing away, and soon Hailey and I were standing face to face with Brittany and Jason.

This was like a horror movie, you knew something was about to jump out and scare the shit out of you, but you're unprepared for it anyway.

Hailey didn't say a word when Brittany noticed us standing right in front of them; she just took a step forward and punched Brittany straight in the face. I was in shock but proud at the same time, because that's exactly what I wanted to do to her.

"You crazy bitch! Why'd you punch my daughter?" Jason roared.

It felt like someone had punched me in the face. Did he just call her his daughter? All the air was sucked out of me. This couldn't be f**king true, this nightmare that my sister is living just kept getting worse. I'd been praying that what my dad had told me wasn't true, but Jason had just confirmed it.

Brittany stood; hand cupped over her nose and mouth, blood dripping down her chin and through her fingers. She didn't say a word; she just looked in Jason's direction and then took off running the opposite way from where we'd come in, with Jason close on her heels.

"Mase, we have to tell Kenz. I can't keep this shit a secret anymore; she needs to know all of it." She shook her right hand, the one she'd punched Brittany with. "I know you guys want to protect her from all this crazy stuff but you can't, she has to know."

I looked around, for the first time noticing a crowd that had gathered around us, watching the scene that had just unfolded. I grabbed Hailey by the elbow and guided her back toward the car. We saw Jackson coming toward us down the hallway.

"I pulled the car around; I'm going to get Hunter and Kenz." He said as he ran past us.

Right before I opened the doors I stopped Hailey, lifted her chin and stared into her eyes. "Just give me a little more time. I think she needs to know too, but Hunter needs to know about Brittany first." I kissed her hard, knowing this was probably the last time for a while. She's been pissed at me since she'd found out that my dad was an FBI agent and we'd never told MacKenzie. Then she'd been even more pissed off and distant when she'd overheard a conversation with my dad about Hunter having a sister he'd never known about.

This situation was just getting more and more out of control, but it wasn't my place to say anything to MacKenzie, it was Hunter's. I made a promise to myself that I'd talk to Hunter alone and tell him about Brittany, but first I needed to talk to my dad. It was time for MacKenzie to find out that he was FBI. That blow alone was going to tear her apart, and I'm not sure she'd be able to handle the situation with Hunter, let alone Brittany. Why couldn't things be easy, like they used to be when we were kids?

While it bothered the shit out of me to keep a secret from MacKenzie, I understood why my dad had done it. We believed she was strong enough to handle it, but he wanted MacKenzie to grow up in a safe world; a world where fairy tales really do come true. What a f**king joke that was. This world can be f**king cruel at times. My relationship with Hailey, or lack thereof lately, was a f**king disaster. Drama that had nothing to do with Hailey was affecting us. There were times I just wanted to pack up all my shit and hit the road, just the two of us, and not stop until we were across the country. I knew I could easily do that with my baseball career but I knew Hailey would hate it. Was that being selfish? Yeah it was.

Once all this shit blows over and we survive it, I'm making her mine. I'm not letting her push me away again. She gets under my skin like no one else could, and loved me with everything she has. Every day with her is like a rollercoaster and I never want to get off.

19

CC and I drove to her mom's with Mason and Hailey while Jaylinn, Cooper, Chloe and Jackson took Mason's car. When we arrived, I got CC in the house and Mason asked to talk to me outside. We got about halfway down the driveway when Andrew, Jackson and Cooper came out the front door. Cooper had his glove, Jackson had two gloves and a ball and Andrew had another two gloves.

"Baseball, boys." Andrew announced when they caught up with us.

Mason spoke up when we were out of the house, "I think we need to tell Kenz. After that shit at the mall today," he shook his head, "she needs to know."

"Agreed." Jackson said.

"Yeah it's about time. Jaylinn's freaked out about running into her dad like that." Cooper chimed in. I noticed that she was hanging onto Cooper, always by his side.

"Hang on a second. What happened at the mall?" Andrew asked.

"Jason showed up. Yeah, that was a close call today. I don't know if Jason knows about my relationship with CC, but if he's living here or whatever now, I have to tell her. I don't want her to find out from anyone but me."

Mason and his dad shared a look, "Hunter there's something else you need to know, son." Andrew didn't speak for a long moment, "Your father has another daughter."

I had to process that, my dickbag of a dad had fathered another child but couldn't be a father to the two he already had? Damn, that poor girl has to be messed up. While I'm glad that Mom got Jaylinn and me out of the situation we were in, a part of me always wished I'd had a father in my life. What normal boy growing up doesn't want his dad to play catch in the backyard or watch football together on Sundays? I'd never gotten those things, and it f**king stings to know that he'd had a daughter in his life.

Before I could say anything Andrew continued, "He's moved into the area, about forty minutes from here." We all stopped walking, "And so has his daughter." He's living here? Out of all the places in the world why would he pick New Jersey?

Then something clicked. According to what Dominic said, Brittany had just moved here a little while ago. "It's Brittany." I stated. Oh shit! Holy shit, Brittany was my half-sister? No, no f**king way!

"I'm afraid so. I've known for a while that Jason had another daughter. Now, knowing who it is and what everyone thinks she did, it's time that everyone knows." He looked off into the distance, "I made your mom a promise, years ago, that I'd always look out for your family and I've kept that promise. I've kept tabs on your dad all this time. He's been staying out of trouble since that last time things went down. I believe he was cheating on your mom though, since Brittany is a year younger than Jaylinn." I wondered if Mom knew about this. "Brittany's mom passed away from breast cancer when she was three and it's just been the two of them ever since. I knew that he'd lived in Virginia but didn't realize that Brittany was going to school with you and MacKenzie." He looked disgusted, "I didn't see a need to keep an eye on her too," he huffed, "guess I was wrong." I could see the disappointment on Andrew's face; he was probably feeling awful that he hadn't been more thorough in his investigation.

Fuck! This is a lot to process. I kicked a rock that was by my feet and walked to where it landed and did it again and again until the sidewalk stopped at the end of the block. The guys were hanging back a few feet. I continued, walking the same path to the ball field that I'd made hundreds of times, and mentally checked out.

So not only was my piece of shit dad around, but I had a half-sister as well and she's bat shit crazy. This bitch tried to run my fiance, my son, my whole world, off the road and then left them there to die. Did Mom know about Brittany? She couldn't have; she would have told me, surely. How would I ever explain this to CC? She'd never forgive Brittany for what she'd done. Would I ever be able to forgive her? After all, it was her nephew that she'd almost killed. Did she even know about Jaylinn and me? Was this all part of a plan to hurt my family again?

CC and I never discussed the accident. I'd known who hit CC the second the detectives gave the car description. She talked to the detective a few days after she'd gotten home, but after she told him what happened and that she didn't know who it was, that was the end of it. She'd never brought it up and it was a chapter in our book that I wanted in the past. I knew that in the end, Brittany would get what was coming to her. I knew, just by protocol, that I wasn't allowed to be involved in the case. It's a matter that involved my family and it affected me personally, I'd put my feelings before the law. Because of that, and everything that had happened, I was ordered to take time off due to the Family Medical Leave Act, for at least six weeks. This actually worked out well for me, there's no way that CC could manage herself, let alone a newborn - she needed care twenty-four hours a day. Plus, with everything going on it was exactly what I needed. I also knew it was their way of making sure I stayed out of the investigation and let the law do its job.

I had too many questions that remained unanswered; and there were only two people that had those answers. I made my decision, it might not be the best one, but it was the best one for now.

I stopped walking and turned to face the guys, "I can't tell her yet. I need a little more time."

Mason cursed under his breath, Jackson sighed loudly and Cooper hung his head. I knew this was going to be hardest on Mason. Hailey knew about everything and was putting the pressure on him to tell CC. I couldn't blame her, they were best friends.

Andrew walked over and placed his hand on my shoulder, "Your family and mine will all stand behind you," He gave my shoulder a squeeze, "but I need to talk to MacKenzie. I've kept my involvement in the FBI from her for long enough."

And that was the start of the can of worms. In a matter of time CC would know everything that everyone she loved had been trying to protect her from. My only fear was that she wasn't going to handle being betrayed by her family, all of her family, very well. She's strong, confident and has the patience of a saint, especially when dealing with her brothers, but there is only so much one person can take.

When the boys got back from playing baseball at the field behind our house, all of their moods were shitty. I was sitting at the kitchen table feeding Ryder his bottle when they walked in, Hunter came over and ran his fingers over Ryder's face and his eyes fluttered closed.

"You have the magic touch, you know that?" I was amazed. Every time Hunter did that to Ryder he'd have him asleep in no time at all.

He winked at me, "It only works if you're holding him though."

Hmm, I'd never thought about it that way. He was right though, most of the time we were cuddled with Ryder. I'd tried a few times when Hunter was sleeping or ran out to the store but he never fell asleep for me.

"I'm going to go wash up." He kissed my head, letting his lips linger a little longer than normal.

Since we'd gotten back from the mall, the girls and I had been talking about the wedding. Mom kept trying to get the date out of me but I'd told her she had to wait for Hunter to get back. We were talking about different venues. After I'd told them I wanted a Winter Wonderland wedding, everyone started voicing their ideas about what this should look like and how that should look. The girls wanted to go out and see what kind of dresses would look good for the theme; I told them I wanted to wait until my casts were off so I could enjoy it properly. They agreed and we set the date that we'd start as the weekend after Thanksgiving. I was due to have my cast removed the week of Thanksgiving, providing everything healed the way it's supposed to.

Mason had walked up behind Hailey and put his hands on either side of her hips. He whispered something into her ear and they left the room. Just a few minutes later, Hailey walked into the kitchen, face all red, "Hey Kenz, I'm going to head out. I have a killer headache. I'll call you tomorrow, ok?" She rubbed her hand over Ryder's curly dark hair and smiled down at him all snuggled up in my arms.

"Hails, look at me." She looked up, "What's going on?"

She just shook her head, "You'll find out soon enough." She said it just loudly enough so only I could hear her, but walked away before I could ask her what that meant.

"Dinner's done." Mom yelled out towards the living room where I assumed everyone else had disappeared to.

Each person started piling their plates with Mom's ziti, my favorite. Hunter came over and took Ryder from me to place him in his bouncy seat.

Mom placed a plate of ziti, salad and a can of soda in front of me. "Here you go baby girl."

Smiling, I said, "Thanks Mom." Something's going on and I needed to know. Hailey's being cryptic, Mom's cooking my favorite food, and Hunter's been a little distant since the mall. After we'd all gotten together last night I'd thought things were going great, but clearly I was missing something.

Dad walked up behind Mom, who was about to sit down next to me, "Elle dear, can I talk to you in the other room for a second?"

That's it! I can't take this anymore.

Jackson, Chloe and Alex were sitting across from me at my parents' huge square dining room table; Cooper, Jaylinn and Mason were to my right. Ms. McCormick was sitting by herself on my left. Everyone was digging in. I looked from one person to the next. No-one, not one single person, looked at me. Not even Hunter when he sat next to me.

I cleared my throat, I was getting answers. "What the hell's going on? And don't say 'nothing', I'm not stupid and I'm not a little girl anymore."

No one moved. No one said a word. No one looked at me until Mom and Dad walked back in.

He took a deep breath, "Baby girl, we need to have a family meeting."

What. The. Hell. Is. Going. On?

20

"Well, I can tell this family meeting's going to be bad, not a damn one of you will look at me." I snapped.

Hunter reached under that table and placed his hand on my thigh. Normally, that would calm my nerves but not this time. I didn't have a clue as to what the hell was going on; all I knew was that everyone had been acting strange all day. Even Chloe, who never let anything get to her, wasn't herself.

Mom grabbed Dad's hand on top of the table; he looked over and gave her a smile and then he quickly glanced around to each of us before he started, "Well you know that I work in New York?" I nodded, "Well I don't actually work for the New York Stock Exchange. I'm actually an FBI Agent."

Huh? I'm confused. Was this a joke? Why would he lie about that?

"You may not understand baby girl, but I didn't want you to know. I deal with some pretty dangerous people and I never wanted my career to touch you in any way. That's why the boys were so protective of you for all these years, I instilled it in them."

Wasn't this some shit? My family had hidden this from me all these years. "So you'd rather lie to me than tell me the truth?" I was getting more pissed off by the minute.

"I did it for you MacKenzie. We did it for you. I never wanted anything to happen to you." Dad explained, his eyes begging me to understand why he'd done what he had.

"You could have told me and still had them protect me, Dad. Everyone knows but me?" I looked around the table and still no one was looking at me, not even Hunter.

I grabbed Hunter's hand and threw it off my thigh; he looked up at me then. "You knew?"

He didn't have to answer; his eyes told me everything I needed to know. "This is great. I'm damn near twenty years old; I have a child for Christ's sake. I can handle shit. I mean, my God, I was damn near killed a few weeks ago in a car accident. I handled that, I'm still handling it." I was livid, "I was in danger when I left the house that day and no one was there to protect me." Hunter flinched, "What was the point in lying to me?"

"CC..." Hunter spoke up.

"Don't CC me anything. You knew about this and you didn't tell me?" I was now turning my wrath on him. "You got pissed off that I didn't tell you about Dominic visiting me that one time. I've told you everything from that day forward. You didn't think you should have told me about this?"

I dropped his hand, I was disgusted. He's so hypocritical.

"Sweetheart, in his defense he didn't know 'til just recently." Mom expressed.

"I don't give a shit, he should have told me. You all should have told me." I was ready to leave, I needed fresh air. "Hell the secret isn't even the end of the world. But I think I had the right to know a lot sooner than now."

I looked over at Hunter, about ready to ask him to take me home, when I saw the look between him and Mason. Was something else still going on? I chose to believe that if there was, it would have come out now. I'm already pissed off; they might as well pile it on.

"Take me home." I told Hunter, his head jerked towards me.

He shook his head, "No. You need to eat, and then I'll take you home."

If my ankle wasn't still sore, I would've gotten my ass up from that chair and walked out. Hell, I thought about doing it anyway. "I can't even finish now."

Ryder started wailing from behind me. Shit, I'd forgotten he was in the room. Aside from Hunter, Ryder was the only one who could read my moods. When I was pissed off, he was pissed off, when I was sad, he was sad.

"Get him for me." I spoke to anyone who would pick him up. Hunter's mom was the closest; she hopped up and handed him over to me. Once he was snuggled up against me he calmed down. I rocked him for a few minutes and he fell back to sleep. No one talked. Everyone's eyes were darting all around.

Dad reached for a fork and started eating, everyone else followed his lead and the conversation was over for now. I was pissed off and hurting. Your family is always supposed to love, protect and cherish each other. Right now I wasn't feeling any of that.

When Hunter finished his dinner we packed up all of Ryder's stuff and went home. I left without a word to anyone except Jaylinn and Hunter's mom. I was sitting on the bed, holding Ryder while he was finishing his bottle before I laid him down to sleep, thinking about all the lies I was fed. Do I even really know my family? While I was thinking Dad was on a business trip he was really out fighting bad guys. There could have been a chance my dad never made it home, then what would have they told me?

I tried to burp him a few times before I laid him down, but he just wasn't having it. Hunter came over and took him from me. He tried a few times himself to get Ryder to burp but he still wasn't cooperating. Giving up, he rolled the bassinet closer to the bed and then laid him in it. Ryder was snug as a bug in his comfy and cozy little bed and would hopefully be out for a couple of hours.

Hunter stripped down to his boxers, placed his hat on the bed post and then climbed into bed next to me. "When did shit get so complicated?" I asked Hunter.

He pulled me so my back was flush against his chest, his hand resting on my hip. I felt him shake his head, "If you figure it out let me know."

I wanted to be mad at Hunter for not telling me, but I knew I couldn't be. In the car he had explained that he hadn't known about my dad until Mason had told him at the hospital. That was pretty shitty timing on Mason's part. He informed me that he'd told Mason that he wouldn't keep it a secret from me, but with everything that was going on he just hadn't wanted the extra stress put on me. In a way I did understand, the doctor wanted me stress free until I was in better health. As much as I wanted to blame Hunter, I knew that I couldn't. He was looking out for me.

I let it slide just this one time.

It'd been three weeks since CC refused to talk to anyone but me and Hailey. She didn't really have a choice but to talk to me. I mean I knew she was upset with me, but she understood that I hadn't wanted to add any more stress. Hailey on the other hand never confessed to knowing about her dad. I think in a way CC knew that she was aware, but it was a family thing and, although Hailey is practically family, it wasn't her right to say anything.

CC was scheduled for both doctors today, which sent me into a little bit of a panic. One appointment with her OB-GYN to have her final checkup and clearance for sex and another appointment with the Orthopedic doctor to have her casts removed. This meant that she'd have her freedom back and a bigger chance of running into Jason and Brittany without any of us around.

I hadn't had a chance to talk to my mom about Jason and I really needed to do it soon. Maybe there's a chance that I could figure out a way of getting them both to move, and never come back to bother us again. I'd gotten an extension on my leave from work for at least another two weeks which meant that I had two weeks to get my life back in order so I could concentrate when I returned.

Fucking Brittany, I still couldn't believe she was my half-sister. I talked to Jaylinn a few times on the phone and every time I brought her up she'd cut me off and dismissed the conversation.

CC was upstairs feeding Ryder so that we could get out of here, while I was in the kitchen fixing his bottles. This boy could eat; he was about to be two months old and already drinking eight ounces.

Now that CC was going to be free of her cast, I wanted some alone time with her, the only problem was, she wasn't talking to anyone who could watch Ryder for us except my mom.

I figured it was worth a shot, so I picked up the phone and dialed, "Hello?" Mom said when she answered.

"Hey Ma. How you doing?"

She let out a long sigh, "I'm hanging in there. I miss you guys though, I wish there was a way to fix this mess."

"Well I was going to ask if you could babysit Ryder for a little while. I want to take Kenz out for dinner and maybe a movie. She's getting her cast off today."

"Oh Hunter, that's wonderful. And yes, of course I'll watch him."

"Great, thanks Ma. We'll be over in a few hours."

After I got the diaper bag packed, I went upstairs to collect the two of them. I heard CC talking and stopped for a second before I pushed the door open.

"Look how cute you look in your little outfit. Handsome just like your daddy." Then I heard her kissing him.

I pushed the door open, "I want in on that action."

Her cheeks flushed, "Then come get it."

I did, I walked over and kissed her, hard. She reached up with one hand and grabbed the back of my neck kissing me even harder. Damn, I can't wait for tonight.

She let her hand slowly slide down to my shoulder, and then my arm, when Ryder started cooing. We broke apart, laughing.

"He's too cute." CC said, running her hand over his head. He was getting big fast. His hands were like mittens, perfect for a baseball player or even a football player. For right now he had blue eyes, they were dark but they were blue. Strong little man too, already pulling his head up.

I looked down at my watch, "It's time to get out of here, you ready?" I asked CC.

"Hell yeah! Just help me with my coat when you're done putting Ryder in his seat." She reached for the brush that was lying next to her and started brushing her hair. She'd tried talking me through braiding her hair once, but f**k that shit was complicated. I did give her help with a pony tail a time or two, it wasn't perfect but it did the job. Now, when we went out, she used one of those band things that kept her hair out of her face.

Ryder was all buckled in; I ran him down to the bottom of the stairs and set him by the door. I went back upstairs, picked CC up and then walked us out to the car. She took the keys and started it up and got the heat turned on while I went in for Ryder. Finally we were on our way to get CC's freedom back.

A few hours later, she was cast free, cleared to have sex and ecstatic. Ryder was at Mom's, and we were pulling in to have dinner at the Italian restaurant that we both loved.

We were sat at a table for two in the back corner, perfect for us.

CC and I ordered our drinks; water for her a beer for me. I hadn't seen her this happy in a long time. "I can't believe they're finally f**king off! My arm and foot look nasty, but they're off." Both were all flaky and really dry.

"I see." I chuckled at her. "So what movie do you want to go and see?"

CC gave me the look, the one that said 'You can't be serious', "You really want to go to the movies?"

I shook my head, "No, but you know." I felt her foot slide up and down my ankle "I wasn't sure if you were ready for all that."

She was inching her leg up to just above my knee and then back down. I was watching her intently. If she didn't stop this teasing we weren't going to make it home.

She licked her lips, she had that gloss stuff on and they were extra shiny. I sat up in my chair a little more so I could lean over the table and kiss her, but her foot shot up between my legs. She smirked at me, "What do you think you're doing?"

"I'm gonna kiss my fiance. Why? You got a problem with that?" She wanted to play games and I was all for it.

"Actually," She pointed her toes in the direction of my dick. "I do."

I was a goner, I'm sure she knew this by now. How could she not? Her feet were pressing against it. She started moving her toes over my dick; I sucked in a quick breath. "What's the matter, Hunter?"

Before I could show her what was wrong, the waitress walked over with our food. She placed it down in front of us, "Is there anything I can get you?"

I looked over at CC and she shook her head no, she still had her feet pressed against me. I didn't trust my voice so I just shook my head and went to grab my beer off the table to take a swig.

"Babe, you have to move your feet." I reached down under the table to adjust myself and relieve some of the pressure.

She stuck her bottom lip out, "Fine then."

She went to go grab her fork but I caught her hand, "My patience is really thin right now. Unless you want me to haul your sexy ass into the bathroom, I suggest you play nice until dinner's over."

She blushed, which was doing nothing for my hard on. I let out a frustrated growl and pushed the desire down. Just a little while longer, I've waited these last six weeks, another hour wouldn't kill me.

We finished our dinner in record time, paid the bill as soon as the waitress dropped it on the table and were in the car in less than an hour.

As soon as I shut my door CC was all over me, she twisted her arms behind my neck. She was climbing across the bench seat of my truck; then settled herself on my lap. Times like these I was glad I still had my truck; it was a lot roomier than her SUV.

Between kisses she said, "Take me home. I need you to make love to me."

I snickered, "Baby, it's a little hard to do that with you in my lap."

She took a deep breath while resting forehead to forehead, "Ok, just a few more minutes, right?"

I was glad she was feeling just as caught up in the heat of things as I was, "Just a few minutes."

She climbed off my lap, settled in her seat and buckled herself in. I started up the truck and made it home in ten minutes, when it should have taken twenty.

21

As soon as we pulled onto our street, I unbuckled my seatbelt and was grabbing for my purse. Dinner had been pure torture; I couldn't even enjoy it because I was wound so tight. Hunter turned off the ignition and I was out of the truck in a flash, despite the slight pain shooting up my ankle, we met in front of the truck. He grabbed my hand and we walked to the front door, he unlocked it, and I attacked him. I dropped my purse right next to the door and jumped into his arms. He had no problem catching me.

"Damn baby." He said as I landed in his arms. I couldn't get close enough to him; I was pulling at his shirt while making love to his mouth. I pulled gently on the little bit of hair Hunter had on his head and that seemed to be his undoing. He slammed me up against the wall, my head thumped against it a little harder than the rest of my body, not painfully though. He pinned me against the wall with his h*ps while he reached behind his head and pulled his black T-shirt off.

I kissed the corner of his mouth, then his cheek. I slid my tongue down his neck; he squeezed my ass hard and moaned. I didn't even realize we were moving until I felt the stairs against my back. Hunter pulled back and I let him go. He sat up but stayed between my legs, then pulled up my dress, bunching it up high on my thighs. He kissed the inside of each knee and my legs fell open even more, shaking from the anticipation of what was to come.

He was kissing higher and higher, his hands traveled up to my hips. My head fell back against the stairs; he was so close to where I wanted him. He gave my h*ps a squeeze, and then I felt his fingertips dip under the band of my thong and the next second I heard a tear. My head jerked up with surprise, desire pumping through me, and then he was on me, kissing my core. I moaned so loud I'm sure the neighbors thought I was a whore. He ran his tongue into my folds and then I felt a finger slip in me and that was all it took. I came so hard, harder than I ever have.

My body fell limp; Hunter picked me up and carried me to the bedroom. He stood me up; careful to make sure I wasn't too weak. He reached down, grasped my dress and pulled it over my head, leaving me standing before him in just my black lace strapless bra.

Hunter took a step back and went to reach for his belt. I stopped his hand, reaching for the buckle myself, and he let me. Before I started to undo his belt he reached into his back pocket, grabbed his wallet and pulled a condom out. Once he did that I undid it, then his button and then ever so slowly unzipped him. I looked into his eyes while I reached into his boxer briefs; I started pulling them down slowly. Still watching me, he bent down a little and pushed his boxers and jeans down quickly and then stepped out of them.

Damn, he's gorgeous, bronzed muscles flexing just from the slightest movements. I stood up and placed my hands on his shoulders and slightly turned us so that he was standing with the back of his knees against the bed. I pushed him back and he went with ease, then propped himself up on his elbows. Kneeling down between his legs, I ran my hands up his body as far as I could reach and then slowly back down. I moved as close as I could, Hunter's eyes on me the whole time. I placed a kiss on his left hip, and then with my tongue I traced the words from his tattoo 'No Regrets'. Hunter hissed, his body tensed, when I finished with the 'S', then he hauled me to the bed and rolled over so I was under him. He paused for a second to put a condom on and then thrust into me. I gasped at the feel of him; it was so tight, just like it was that first time we'd had sex, although this time it didn't hurt. I lifted my legs, trying to climb higher; he grabbed under my ass and lifted me. He sunk in even deeper than he was; I clamped my legs tighter around him, never wanting him to pull out again.

He grunted from the contact between us. I reached my arms around his neck and pulled him close to me and kissed. His h*ps started moving, slowly at first, then more forcefully. We were both pouring our hearts and souls into this lovemaking. He was demanding with his touches and I was being submissive, I didn't want it to stop.

"Fuck, CC, I love you." He whispered as his thrusts got hard and fast.

I loved him and I needed him.

As I was pushing my h*ps up from the bed, matching him thrust for thrust, my cl**ax was climbing closer. Hunter thrust in one last time as we both hit our release together. My body was still trembling while Hunter rested his limp body on mine. I kissed his shoulder and bit down hard as he thrust in again, hard. Then he pulled out ever so slowly and did it once again and I cl**axed for a third time. I cried out his name and he held me as I came back down. My whole body was shaking, I felt weak and sated.

I was barely aware of Hunter rolling off of me, until he slid the covers around us and we both sighed in contentment. I was wrapped in his big, strong arms. I listened to his heartbeat calm, soothing me. My eyes grew heavy and I fell asleep feeling like I was on cloud nine. Everything in life was perfect.

The next morning I awoke to CC running her fingers over my abs, she loved doing this. Last night was un-fucking-real, things had never gotten that intense with us. We were always about taking time with each other's bodies. I'd thought that's how last night would've gone, but there's just no way I could have. When she jumped into my arms, I nearly lost it.

"Morning baby." CC crooned.

"Hmm, morning."

"I want to get a tattoo." she announced.

She loved all mine and she'd been talking about one before we'd found out about Ryder, so I'd known it was only a matter of time. "Yeah? What do you want to get?"

There was only one person I was going to take her to get it, and that was Zeke. Thanksgiving was tomorrow, so maybe we'd take a quick trip this weekend to Virginia Beach, if Bentley had a room for us and Zeke was free. Or maybe we could get a hotel room and make it a getaway for us.

"It's a surprise, but I want you to get it as well. I need your lower left back." She said sheepishly.

I eyed her, "What the hell are you going to put back there?"

She rolled her eyes, "I said it's a surprise."

What's she up to? "Alright, when do you want to go? I'm only letting Zeke touch you; he's the only one I trust with your perfect skin, so we'll have to see when he's free."

She sat there thinking for a few minutes before she spoke, "How about this weekend? Zeke shouldn't be too busy, right? And Bentley's house should be empty since everyone goes home for Thanksgiving."

"Yeah, he shouldn't be. I'll give him a call." I stifled a yawn, "I'm sure Bentley could use some homemade cooking too."

She laughed, "I'm sure you're right." She placed her right hand over my heart and laid her head on my chest. "Since we're having Thanksgiving with the family tomorrow and I know I'm probably going to talk to everyone and forgive them, do you think Mason and Hailey would want to come? I'm sure Hailey would like to see Zeke and Bentley." I've barely had time to talk to those guys since leaving Virginia Beach. I actually missed Zeke's crazy ass, with the off the wall pickup lines he fed the girls when we were working at the bar. I haven't been to a crazy party and woken up with the whole house clean since moving out of Bentley's.

"I'm sure Hailey would be game, she's on break too, right?" CC nodded. "And Mase doesn't have practice or anything going on this week. So yeah I guess they would, Mase has been talking about getting inked too actually."

"Alright, we'll ask them tomorrow. I don't know what's going on with those two but they need some alone time. I ask Hailey about it all the time but she always tells me everything is fine and I know she's lying to me." CC said while drawing hearts with her fingers over my chest.

Shit, poor f**king Hailey. I knew this shit was bothering her and she was blaming me and Mason, but I still needed to get to the bottom of things before I talked to CC. After Thanksgiving, when we get back from our mini getaway, I'll tell her everything. Maybe I could even tell her when we're down there, that way she'd have to listen to me and she couldn't run. Either way, I had a strong feeling she'd try once she found out I've been keeping all this shit from her, not to mention that Brittany's related to me. I really needed to talk to Mom first about everything, but it's not like it's really going to change the facts.

Thanksgiving was the same as always with, hopefully, a little less drama this year. CC and I came over a little earlier than we were asked to, so she could talk to everyone and make things better. Everyone apologized and made promises to not hide things from each other. This made me extremely uncomfortable, but I refused to talk about this shit on a holiday, especially this one; I'd do it when we get back from getting our tattoos. Both families were now gathered at the Cahill's for dinner, the guys were laying around in the living room while the girls were in the kitchen preparing dinner.

Ryder was sound asleep in my arms and Cooper kept looking over at me. I kicked his foot, "Why do you keep looking at me?"

He shook his head, "I never thought I'd see you like this. A big ass guy, covered in tattoos holding a baby, my nephew none the f**king less."

What the hell's that supposed to mean? "What? You don't think I'm good enough?"

He chuckled, "No, jackass, I just never pictured you with kids."

"Oh. Well don't go getting Jay knocked up. This shit ain't easy."

Cooper groaned and scrubbed his face with his hands, "It isn't like that with us, Hunter."

Yeah, I'm sure it's not. Ever since last year Jaylinn and Cooper have been inseparable, I knew there was something going on. "You could have fooled me, Coop. You never leave each other's side. Every time I call you're together. Shit, she transferred schools to be closer to you."

He looked away for a while then shook his head again at me, "I know. I hate that she did that, but with me and Mase playing with the Lakewood BlueClaws, she refused to stay up there. We aren't sleeping together no matter what you think; when she answered that question the other night it was the truth. I don't see how we'll ever be together and be happy. I'm willing to try but it's hard not being around all the time. She needs to concentrate on school too."

CC came up behind me on the couch, ran her hands from my shoulders down to my chest, "Dinner's done guys." She announced.

Cooper was the first one up off the couch. Guess he didn't want to finish the conversation we were having. I got up from my seat too, being careful not to wake Ryder.

"Why don't you go lay him in my old room? The Pack-N-Play's all set up in there." CC said with a little smirk. What's she up to?

I went upstairs and settled Ryder with his blanket and was heading back downstairs when CC's hand shot out of the bathroom and yanked me in with her. No sooner had the door closed than she was on me, kissing me, rubbing her hands all over me. She pulled back and whispered, "Happy anniversary baby," then kissed me again.

I'd actually forgotten that it was today, total douchebag move, I know. I ran my hands from the small of her back, down her ass and stopped at the back of her thighs before I pulled her up. She wrapped her legs around my h*ps and started grinding hers against me.

I groaned and pulled away slightly, "CC we gotta stop, they're going to come looking for us any minute and I'd rather have a peaceful Thanksgiving this year."

She started kissing my neck and slowly slid her legs down. I thought she understood what I was saying about getting caught. I was wrong. Instead of pulling away she dropped to her knees and I was instantly hard. FUCK!

She looked up at me, her eyes hooded. This wasn't good. "What're you doing?" I asked, damn near breathless and she only had her hands on my belt.

She smiled, "I think you can figure it out."

Nope, no way, this wasn't going down, not like this. "C..." I couldn't even finish because she'd grabbed my shit. Alright, we can do this but it wasn't going to last long.

I hauled her up, crouched down and yanked her thong down in one quick pull. She gasped, leaned back on the sink and stepped out of her thong. I quickly stood, undid my belt, button and zipper then CC helped me push them down. The next second I was inside her.

Damn, she's soaked. "This isn't going to last long baby." I was already about ready to lose my shit.

"Just shut up and keep going." CC said.

She was up on the sink, legs wrapped around me, urging me to go faster, harder. She looked up at me and after a few more thrusts I was shaking.

"I'm gonna come." I told her, our eyes still locked. "Fuck!" I realized I'd never put a condom on, I quickly tried to pull out, but she had her legs wrapped around me and wasn't letting go.

I tried to hold it back, "CC let go." I tapped her leg.

She let her head fall back. "It's fine Hunter," she moaned. "I'm on the pill now you don't have to worry."

Shit, this wasn't good, but I couldn't stop if my life depended on it. She moaned louder, "Hunter." Then she started pulsating around my dick and I couldn't hold back any longer and came with her. It felt like that shit went on forever and of course it would because we didn't have a condom on.

"You're going to kill me." CC said when she finally lifted her head and caught her breath.

I was cleaning myself up with a washcloth that was sitting in the linen closet, and when I was done I got one for CC and helped her. I was quiet; I didn't know what to say.

"Hunter, look at me." She grabbed my face and made me look at her. "Stop worrying. I know it was careless, but we'll deal."

I kissed her forehead, "I love you, but that shit can't happen again. Now I'm going to be worried shitless for the next month." I knew she'd just gotten on the pill, but I still felt like we needed the extra protection, one baby was more than enough for me right now.

"I love you too. I can't promise not to attack you again but I promise to make sure we have protection. And don't worry too much; we'll deal with whatever happens together. I know we aren't nearly ready for another baby, but everything happens for a reason." She bent down and pulled her thong up while I was putting my shit back in and buckling my belt. I helped her fix a few pieces of her hair that had fallen loose, then washed my hands and turned to open the door for us.

I seriously hoped no one was on the other side waiting for us. CC stepped out and started cracking up. Fuck! We'd been caught.

"That was hot." Hailey said with a smirk on her face.

I reached for her head, and tousled her hair, messing it all up, "Do you have radar on us for when we're having sex? It's almost every damn time with you."

"Hey!" She shoved my hand away. "I don't need to look like I've just been f**ked." She started smoothing her hair down.

CC started laughing all over again and wrapped her arms around my waist. "You're timing really is awful, Hails."

"Well stop screwing around all the time and we wouldn't have this problem." she responded quickly.

"Hmm." CC ran her hand up my chest to my cheek, then kissed me again.

Hailey started gagging, "You two really need to stop or you're going to have a whole damn baseball team before you're twenty-five."

CC and I chuckled, "While you're here, Hunter and I are going to see Zeke this weekend. We're getting tattoos. Do you and Mase want to come and get away with us for a little while?"

Hailey got a goofy look on her face, "Hell yeah I want to go. We can leave Mason at home though." CC frowned and I cleared my throat, "Oh sorry, yeah he can come."

"Thanks babe." Mason said as he was walking up the steps.

Hailey blushed and looked down at her feet, "Sorry."

Mason walked up behind Hailey and held onto her hips, "Where can't I come and why does your hair look like that?" He looked over at CC, "And why does it look like you're up to no good?"

CC buried her face in my chest, Hailey snickered, "Ask the sex god over there." Hailey answered with a nod of her chin.

I tensed and CC started laughing, "Hails you were complaining a few minutes ago."

Mason gave me a murderous look and both girls started cracking up, this shit was not funny. There was no need for drama today.

Mason and I were in a stare off before Hailey chimed in, "Relax Mase, he wasn't the only one known for a threesome, remember? From what I see on Facebook, you and Coop have quite the rep for them."

Mason dropped his eyes. What the f**k happened at that school? He'd never mentioned that shit to me and he always tells me, most of the time more than I needed, or wanted, to know about.

Now it was CC that made the gagging noises, "That's nasty Mase. Anyway, we're going to see Zeke and Bentley this weekend, want to come?"

Mason looked down at Hailey while she looked up at him over her shoulder. "You want me to go with you? I don't have anything going on the rest of the weekend."

Before either could answer, CC spoke up, "You're both going. I'm sure Mom and Dad or Hunter's mom will watch Ryder for us. Plan is to leave tomorrow night when we get back from Black Friday shopping."

There, it was settled. Bentley had already said he had more than enough room and Zeke was clearing his schedule for us.

After we'd made our plans we went down for dinner. Everything was nice and relaxing. Cooper and Jaylinn kept watching each other; something was definitely going on there. Mom was keeping to herself, staying quiet, which wasn't like her when we were all together. Mason and Hailey, for the most part, were lost in their own world. Jackson, Chloe, and CC's parents were laughing at Alex eating his mashed potatoes; poor kid had them up his nose. I was trying not to haul CC back upstairs and bury myself in her again, because she couldn't keep her hands off me; the only thing stopping me was the lack of a condom. I had enough to worry about with Jason and Brittany; I didn't need to add another baby into this shit storm.

22

Thanksgiving dinner was great; I talked to my dad while I was feeding Ryder after we'd eaten. I understood where he was coming from when he explained it, putting Hunter and I in the position of him and Mom. He needed to protect his family, especially his baby girl. I got it; my need to protect Ryder was something I could barely put into words.

All of the girls made lists of things we needed to get while we were out tomorrow morning. Hunter and Mason said they'd get everything packed and ready to go, so that when Hailey and I got back we could leave. Mom and Dad were going to take Ryder for the weekend - everything was taken care of and I was really looking forward to this getaway.

Shopping was great until we were leaving Macy's and ran into Brittany. Hailey tried to cover up the fact that we'd both noticed her and act like she hadn't even seen her. That was until Brittany approached us.

Both of her eyes were black and blue and she was glaring at Hailey. "You really need to put a leash on that thing." She looked my friend up and down in disgust.

"Do we need another round bitch? You're not ruining shit for anyone else." Hailey seethed.

I couldn't believe she'd actually had the balls to approach us. If I did what she'd done I'd move across the god damn country.

"I'm not ruining anything. Ms. Thing here," she looked in my direction, "is ruining everything. By the way, be sure to tell Hunter I said hello."

Before I could even respond and ask what the hell that meant, she turned on her heel and left. I tried to go after her but Hailey stopped me. "Let her go, she isn't worth the air you breathe."

I knew she was right but why'd Brittany say that? "I can't believe she'd actually come near me after what she f**king did. I thought that maybe I should speak up and say something, I wanted that shit in the past, but damn, not if she was going to act like that."

"Well if it makes you feel better, I gave her the black eyes." Hailey said proudly.

I gawked at her, "You did that?"

She nodded, "She's lucky that's all I did."

I snorted, "You crazy bitch. I love your ass."

She glanced behind her, "Yeah, I love my ass too."

I laughed, "You bitch. Alright let's get the hell out of here."

Hailey and I went to go meet up with Jaylinn, Chloe, Mom and Hunter's mom in the food court. We grabbed some lunch before we went home. I planned to pick Ryder up from home and drop him off with my parents, then make our six-hour drive.

When we made it home, Mason, Hunter, and Ryder were all sound asleep on the couches. I normally would've tried to scare the shit out of them, but Hunter had Ryder sleeping on his chest and I didn't want to scare my poor baby.

I grabbed him from Hunter and he woke up. "Sorry. I'm going to go change him and then run him over to Mom's. How come nothing is loaded up?"

Hunter sat up and rubbed his hands up and down his face, "Ryder woke up after you left and cried for two hours straight. Mason came over and he calmed down for a little bit. I got some packing done," he yawned, "I just have to put it in the truck."

"Awe, poor Chunky Monkey," I kissed his little cheek and he took a shuddering breath. "Should we take him with us?"

"Hell no," Mason said, I scowled at him. "Mom and Dad will be just fine with him. I love that kid, but damn he's got a set of lungs on him."

"He's right, just the four of us." Hunter said as he stood up and slid his shoes and hat on.

"Fine," I pouted. "I'm going to change him, then run him to Mom's."

I ran upstairs and changed Ryder. Then I started to grab everything he'd need for the weekend, bottle, bibs, wipes, and diapers, but I looked on the bed and his bag was all ready to go. God I love that man. I grabbed the bag Hunter had packed and went downstairs to get Ryder's car seat.

I was in the dining room when I heard Hunter say, "She did what?" I heard Hailey mumble something and Hunter responded saying, "Fuck! I guess Brittany knows now."

Brittany knows what? What am I missing here? I settled Ryder into his seat and went to find out what was going on.

When I walked in, Hailey was on Mason's lap and Hunter was pacing the floor. Both Hailey and Mason froze when they saw me and stopped to look in my direction.

"What does Brittany know?" I asked them.

Hunter looked over at Hailey and Mason who were both looking down at their phones.

Hunter's phone rang, "Hey Mom." He looked up at me then walked towards the kitchen.

"What's going on?" I asked the other two while I had them alone.

Both shook their heads, Hailey shrugged her one shoulder. Something's going down again, I can feel it. "Fine, I'm going to Mom's to drop Ryder off, I'll be back."

I didn't know what was going on with the three of them, but someone had better start speaking up soon. I was getting really sick and tired of always being in the dark. I'm sure Brittany knew that I was fine, I'm sure she was still stalking the shit out of Dominic. After this weekend, I was going to give them all one more chance to come clean before I demanded that they tell me what's going on.

As soon as CC left I walked back into the living room, "Thanks for the call. That was f**king close." I sighed in relief.

Mason and Hailey both gave me dirty looks.

"Look, I know alright. I'm telling her when we get back. I can't wait anymore." I confessed.

Hailey climbed off Mason's lap, "What are you waiting for anyway?"

I sat on the couch, elbows on my knees, hands folded in front of me. "I didn't want to tell her that Jason was back. I don't want her involved with him at all after the shit he put me, Mom and Jay through." I shivered thinking of the bad dreams I used to have. "And now that I know Brittany's my half-sister, CC's going to freak the f**k out."

Hailey sighed, "I think you need to give her more credit, Hunter. Yeah, she's going to be pissed about the Brittany thing, but it's not like you can help it. She loves you more than she should," she gloated. "Kidding. She loves you, just tell her the truth. Everything will work out. The longer you wait, the worse this is going to get."

Mason spoke up, "She's right dude, and it's time. Kenz is stronger than we all give her credit for."

He's right, I knew this. Fuck! "Alright once we get back I'll tell her everything."

We arrived at Bentley's around eight that night. I was exhausted and couldn't wait to get out and stretch my legs. I loved being down here, everything felt so calm and not as rushed as Jersey. CC had sent Bentley a text and told him we'd be there in a few minutes. Why was I not surprised that there was a party in full swing when we arrived?

"Huh. Did Bentley tell you he was throwing a party?" CC asked me, taking in all the cars in the driveway.

"No, but you shouldn't be surprised." I parked the car and turned it off.

"Oh, I'm not surprised. I figured this would happen, but I thought he'd at least wait until tomorrow." She turned to look at Hailey, who had her head resting on Mason's shoulder. I'm glad those two were actually getting along for once. I'd been a little worried when CC had asked to invite them.

"I'm not partying in this." Hailey stated.

"Yeah, I don't look so hot either." CC looked over at me, "Can you sneak us up to the room before we go say hi to everyone?"

I scowled, "Who the hell do you have to look hot for?"

"Yeah, what the f**k's up with that?" Mason said to Hailey.

Hailey leaned over and whispered something in Mason's ear and CC did the same. "You, and for what I'm going to be doing to you later."

I groaned and let my head fall back on the headrest. Damn, why didn't I get that hotel room? "Fine, let's go, and hurry the hell up." I got out of the truck, as did Mason behind me. We met the girls around the front and I led them up to my old room. Mason and I went in search of Bentley.

In our quest to find him we ran into Logan who was in the kitchen sucking face with some girl I recognized, but couldn't put a name to.

When he noticed me he stopped kissing the girl, "Hey man, what brought you back?" Logan asked, as he threw his arm around the girl's shoulder, staking his claim. Why? I have no idea, but he felt the need to.

"Tattoos," I answered as I stepped to the side of them and grabbed Mason and me a beer from the fridge.

"Ahh. Have you seen Dominic lately?"

"Dude, you really want to go there?" Mason piped up.

He chuckled, "No, not really. What about Brittany? My mom said she moved up there with her dad."

Damn this guy couldn't get the f**king picture. Wait, his mom? Why the hell would she know Brittany unless they were together now?

"Your mom?" I questioned.

The girl kissed Logan's cheek and whispered something in his ear before walking away. "Yeah my mom, Brittany's aunt." He chuckled again, "I guess you didn't know that?"

"No ass**le, why would we?" Mason said from behind me.

"My mom was Britt's mom's sister. My mom said that she reconnected with her dad and they were moving to Jersey with her dad's new girl, a nurse or some shit."

What the f**k?

Mason stepped up beside me, took a swig of his beer then wiped his mouth, "Are you f**king with us right now?"

"No. I thought Dom was still talking to you all." Logan responded.

"Excuse us." I turned and walked out the back sliding glass doors, Mason close behind me.

When we were a safe distance from the house I spun around to Mason, "He's f**king kidding me, right? Please, for the love of f**king God, say he's joking."

"I don't think he was. So that explains why they were in Jersey."

"And they aren't planning on leaving. Fuck!" This wasn't good.

Bentley spotted us and came over, "Hey dudes," he was already two sheets to the wind, "when did you get here?" He was swaying back and forth.

"Damn Benny, lay off the beers." Mason said.

"I'm fine." Bentley slurred. I could tell he was trashed. He hated anyone calling him Benny apart from CC and Hailey.

"Benny!" The girls both said at the same time. I hadn't even realized they'd found us 'til I heard them.

They ran over to him and threw their arms around his neck. Thankfully, there was a table right behind Bentley and he leaned back on it when the girls launched at him. Mason was glaring at Bentley, nothing new there. He was like that with anyone who touched Hailey, including myself. Then I noticed why Mason was glaring, the girls had clothes on that were barely covering either of them.

CC was wearing a white dress; it clung tight on her tits, but cascaded the rest of the way to mid-thigh. Her hair was pulled back and revealed her neck, which I wanted suck. Shit, I was going to have to walk behind her all night, not only to cover her ass if she bent over, but to cover my hard on too. Hailey was dressed in some tight ass dress that hugged every inch of her; Mason was going to be fending off the leeches tonight.

I pulled CC off Bentley and stood her in front of me, she took a step back but I stopped her with my hands on her hips. "Don't even think about it babe."

"But babe," she whined.

"Not gonna happen." I deadpanned. I knew I was going to lose this battle, but I had to at least put up a fight.

A bunch of guys I knew from different college classes and parties we used to have, all came over to greet us. We all stood around talking and catching up. Then out of nowhere Hailey yelled, "Shots!"

I shook my head, "No way, not for me." I wanted to take CC upstairs now, there was no way I could take shots; I'd never make it with her dressed like this.

I was mid sip when Hailey said, "Come on Hunter, Kenz wants to do a blow job."

I spit my beer out, wiped my mouth and gave her a look, "Excuse me?"

"You heard me." She grabbed CC's hand and they started for the kitchen.

Zeke snuck up behind me, "You heard the girl; she wants a blow job. You better go get yours." He said snickering.

I turned and punched him in the arm. "Shut up ass**le."

He rubbed his arm, "Nice to see you too."

"Hey man," Mason shook Zeke's hand, "I'm going to see what those two are up to."

"Be right there." I told Mason, I turned back to Zeke. "So you're good for tomorrow?" I wanted to make sure - Zeke wasn't always reliable.

"Yeah, come up around noon. I'll do you and Kenz first."

"Good deal. Come on; let's go see what the hell's happening in there." Zeke and I excused ourselves.

When we'd made it up the stairs and into the kitchen, Hailey and CC were standing in front of two shot glasses on bar stools, hands behind their back.

Bentley stood in front of them, "Remember, you can't touch the glasses."

Both girls nodded.

"Ready. Set. Go!" Bentley said.

The girls bent down, lips over the rim on the shot glass. CC had hers secure and started standing up, Hailey right behind her. Both girls tipped the heads back. My eyes locked on CC's throat. I heard her suck in a quick breath then I saw her throat bob as she swallowed the shot. Fuck that was hot. She leaned down again, dropped the shot glass on the bar stood and quickly glanced at Hailey who was two seconds behind her.

"Sucker, I beat you." CC cheered.

Hailey wiped her mouth, "Yeah, well I'm sure you have more practice than I do." Then Hailey looked over at Mason and smiled.

Mason, in turn, glared at her and then at me, I threw my hands up in defense. "Hey, I didn't say anything, and I assure you Kenz needs more practice." I laughed my ass off then ran, practically tackled CC and carried her to our room before Mason could punch me or even say anything for that comment.

I heard Mason yell out "Asshole" when I'd reached the steps.

I shut and locked the door, then pulled CC into my arms. I kissed her long and slow.

She gave me one last kiss on the lips before she took a step back and reached for the bottom of her dress. She pulled it over her head, fell back onto the bed, and leaned on one elbow. "Hunter, make love to me."

I did just that. I made love to her until the sun came up, and then, completely spent, we fell asleep tangled up in each other's arms. We were tucked away in our own little world, blocking out all the sounds from the party below, forgetting about Brittany, my dad, and all the shitty things going on outside of this room.

23

Hunter and I were woken by a scream from Hailey. I sat straight up, as did Hunter.

"What the hell was that?" He asked.

I pulled the sheet up to my chest and turned towards him, "I think it was Hailey. I wonder if she fell in." I said while giggling.

Hunter laughed and fell back on the bed. I pushed the covers down and straddled him; I leaned back and pulled the covers over my shoulders.

Hunter moaned, grabbed my h*ps and slowly started grinding my h*ps against him. "Good morning baby."

"Morning," I placed both hands on either side of his head and kissed him.

He shifted and just started teasing my entrance when someone started banging on the door. "Shit!" Hunter said, but didn't pull out.

"Shh," Whoever's on the other side of the door was going to have to wait.

"Kenz open the door damn it!" Hailey said, pounding on the wood.

I laughed and Hunter cursed under his breath, "Seriously? Will we ever get rid of her?"

I shook my head, "What Hails? I'm busy."

"MacKenzie open this damn door!" Mason roared.

I sat up and Hunter put an arm over his eyes, "Let me throw shorts on real quick, then I'm acting like I'm sleeping. Hurry up and come back to bed."

I slid off of him and glanced around for my clothes, I couldn't find anything so I threw on Hunter's T-shirt, it came down to mid-thigh on me, while he threw on his shorts and dove back into bed.

I yanked open the door, "What the hell's going on?"

Mason looked over my shoulder, trying to see what the hell was going on. Thankfully Hunter was face down, I pushed Mason's stomach and stepped out of the room and shut the door behind me.

"What's going on?" I asked again.

"I pissed myself." Hailey said, completely serious.

That's all it took and I completely lost it, I was doubled over laughing my ass off. Mason was no better once I started.

"I'm glad this amuses you guys. I seriously don't know what happened. I was sitting on the toilet and next thing I know it was running down my legs." Hailey whined.

"How much did you drink last night?" I said, holding my stomach and laughing.

"No more than you. Mason hauled me off to bed after you left. So what the hell happened, because this only happens when I still feel drunk the next morning?" Hailey said with this puppy dog face.

Mason wrapped her in his arm, still laughing. Bentley stuck his head out of his bedroom door, "Welcome home, Hailey," then quickly slammed the door.

I fell to the floor laughing; I'd never laughed this hard in my entire life, I had cramps in my stomach and couldn't breathe.

Hailey punched Mason in the stomach, "You're supposed to protect me from that, not stand here laughing at me." Mason couldn't even answer her because he was still laughing.

After a few minutes I calmed down a bit and stood up. I walked down to the bathroom at the end of the hall and sure enough there was a puddle of piss on the floor. I had to lean on the door frame to keep myself standing.

"Um, Hails." I took a deep breath, trying to calm myself down. "He got you with the Saran Wrap prank."

"Son of a bitch! Benny, you're dead!" She yelled at Benny's door.

Benny was known for the Saran Wrap prank, he'd gotten Hailey with it once before and almost got me a couple of times. He was always up to something, trying to get us to fall for one of his pranks. He'd once gotten Hunter with toothpaste and Oreo cookies; to this day Hunter refuses to eat them.

I left Mason to help Hailey clean up the mess and kiss her ego all better. I climbed back into bed with Hunter, still giggling.

"Saran Wrap again?" Hunter asked, snaking his arms around me.

"Yup, she looked like she was about to cry." I said, still snickering.

Hunter climbed on top of me; I instantly stopped laughing and lost myself in him.

A few hours later we were showered and ready to go see Zeke. According to Bentley, Mason and Hailey still hadn't emerged from their room, so we left without them.

Zeke was ready for us when we arrived, "Alright, you going first Kenz?"

I looked over at Hunter, now I was nervous. I was fine the whole time; that is until it was really time to get it done.

I nodded and lay my stomach on the chair Zeke had in his booth. Hunter sat on a stool near my head and grabbed a hold of my hand. "Relax, at first it will hurt but then you'll be fine."

I nodded my head again. I'd already talked to Zeke on the phone and by email a few times before coming here, so he already knew what I wanted and where I wanted it.

I mouthed to Hunter that I loved him. He mouthed it back and gave me that sexy smile of his.

Zeke set the tattoo design up on my lower right back, and then asked if I was ready. Again I nodded my head. He turned on the tattoo gun and the buzzing started.

I sucked in a deep breath, it was painful at first. It felt like a million tiny bee stings, but after a few minutes the pain died down a little. Just like Hunter had said.

"Don't look until it's done." I told him. I wanted to see his expression when he read it. If he didn't like it I wasn't going to make him get it but I needed to gauge his expression first.

Twenty minutes later Zeke was wiping my back down and sitting me up, Hunter's eyes still on mine. I hopped off the chair, went to the mirror and looked at the tattoo. I was in love with it. It was perfect and just how I'd pictured it to be.

Hunter came over to me. My back was facing the mirror when he turned me around so I was looking at myself. "Can I see it now?"

"I'm going to go grab a quick drink, you guys want anything?" Zeke asked. I knew he was giving us a minute. Neither one of us answered, Zeke just walked out, I don't think he expected an answer.

"Yeah," I watched him in the mirror.

"I could conquer the world with one hand as long as you are holding the other." He read it aloud, then looked up at me and gave me a small smile.

He turned me in his arms and kissed me until I was out of breath. "I take it you like it?"

He smirked, "Yeah."

Zeke walked back in, "You ready?" He asked Hunter.

"Let's do this." Hunter sat in the chair the same way I just had.

Hunter got the same tattoo that I had but on his lower left back, he was also getting Ryder's name and portrait on his forearm too.

While Zeke was working on Hunter's tattoos, they were bullshitting about all the stuff that was going on around here. How the bar was doing, all Zeke's latest conquests that Hunter knew, then he started on Brittany.

"So did you hear that Brittany is Logan's cousin?" Zeke asked Hunter.

What the hell? Poor Logan's related to the bat shit crazy bitch, poor guy.

Hunter's head shot up to me, he cleared his throat before answering, "Um..."

"Shit!" Zeke interrupted Hunter. "I forgot you went out with that douchebag, Dominic. Forget I mentioned it."

I was all about forgetting that bitch and from the look on Hunter's face so was he. Hunter changed the subject and started talking about Ryder. When Zeke was just about done with Hunter, he asked that I text Hailey and Mason and ask them if they still were coming up. Half an hour later there was still no response from them.

"They still haven't texted back; I don't want to bother them. They need this time alone." I explained to Zeke.

"Cool, Cool." He sprayed Hunter's arm down, cleaning all the ink from it. "Well I'll be around if they change their mind."

"Alright man, I'll let them know. How much do we owe you?" Hunter asked, looking at his now finished arm.

"Don't worry about it, it was nice catching up with you guys. I wish you didn't live so far away, I miss your crazy asses and," he looked over at me, "Your cooking."

Cue the guilt trip, "Well Zeke, why don't you come over around six? I promised Bentley dinner for letting us stay and I know he wouldn't mind if you came over too."

"You sure?" Zeke asked, unsure about his invitation.

I rolled my eyes at him, "Of course, I wouldn't have asked if I didn't want you there."

He smiled, easy laid back Zeke style, "I'll be there."

We said our goodbyes and left. Hunter and I took a quick, freezing stroll down by the ocean before heading back to Bentley's to start dinner. I wished everyday could begin and end with us wrapped in each other's arms, the only thing missing was Ryder.

Our time here was coming to an end quickly and I mentally cringed, I was actually dreading going home because I knew my time was up and I needed to come clean to CC. I didn't know what the f**k I was going to do if she freaked out on me and left. What would happen to us? To Ryder? No way could I not see my little man every day, or not wake up with him in the middle of the night for a feeding.

I shook all those thoughts from my head for now, I had her here and I was going to spend every last second acting like there wasn't a black cloud over my head.

CC and Hailey, who'd finally made an appearance when she smelled the chicken cooking, were in the kitchen finishing up dinner. CC asked Bentley what he wanted, his request - 'Your bangin ass chicken parm' - so we'd stopped at the store before coming back because CC said God knows he didn't have shit in his kitchen.

The guys and I were in the living room playing 'Call of Duty' and waiting for dinner when the doorbell rang. Bentley got up off the couch and went to let in whoever was there. Nothing new there; it happened at all hours of the night too. When he walked back in I was a little dumbfounded, his sister Nikki walked in carrying a twelve pack of Coors Light.

She looked good considering she was almost raped a while ago. After that night she'd shut down and things had been really bad. Now she was back and looked hot, not as hot as CC, but still hot. She was a tiny little thing; someone like me could break her in half, but she had these green eyes that drew you in and deep red hair piled on top of her head that looked like it weighed more than she did. The few times I'd talked to her she'd been timid and after that night I'd barely ever heard her talk to anyone except Bentley.

I sat up from where I was lounging on the couch and went over to take the beer from her. I put one arm around her shoulder and gave her a half hug, "Hey. How are you doing?"

She nodded and smiled, "I'm better. Thanks."

Bentley took her jacket and hung it in the closet behind the door. I walked into the kitchen and Nikki followed me.

CC was at the counter that faced the living room and did a double take when she noticed Nikki behind me. "Hey babe, this is Bentley's sister, Nikki. Nikki this is my fiance, MacKenzie." I made sure to mention that so there was no question from CC later if she got the wrong impression of Nikki, although I'm not sure you could. She was one of those girls you just liked; she didn't come off like a whore or a standoffish bitch.

CC washed her hands and came over to give her a hug, Hailey did the same. Bentley came into the kitchen to grab one of the beers I was still holding and then went to finish his game. I walked over and put the beer in the fridge, winked at CC who was watching me out of the corner of her eye and then I walked out.

When I walked past Bentley I kicked his foot, "Thanks for telling me she was coming, I could have warned CC."

"Shit, sorry didn't think of that." Bentley grabbed the controller and un-paused the game. I sat on the couch and watched him get his avatar's ass beat until the girls called us for dinner.

After we'd eaten, Zeke asked if we wanted to play a game since it was too f**king cold to leave and I really didn't feel like going anywhere anyway.

"Alright, Nik get the beer you brought over. Kenz find a couple of quarters. Mase man, grab a bunch of shot glasses." Zeke gave the instructions to them.

Nikki and Mason went in the kitchen and CC walked over to me. I was leaning on the back of the couch, ankles crossed; CC stepped between my legs and looked at me with that sexy look of hers. I grabbed her h*ps and kissed her. She didn't put her arms around me like she normally does, but she went for my pockets. She dug around looking for my change that I normally always had but when she went to take her hands out, her right hand started roaming. Shit, I was gonna have a hard on for sure if she didn't knock that shit off.

"Knock it the f**k off you two." Mason seethed. CC laughed against my mouth before kissing me once more and pulling her hands out with the coins she was going to need. She grabbed a few quarters, winked and shoved her hand back in my pockets, putting the money she didn't need back. I shook my head a little and laughed, when she walked away I quickly turned and adjusted myself, which really did nothing, because when I turned around she was bent over the table, ass in plain sight. I slightly groaned and adjusted myself one last time before quickly finding a seat.

Zeke lined four shot glasses in a row, a little less than halfway in on the kitchen table. "Alright we're playing baseball." He turned to eye everyone there. "Ok it's going to be uneven but whatever, Mase you're the ball guy, you can jump ships." Zeke laughed to himself. "You're probably going to be drunk before the rest of us so maybe Hunter will switch on and off for you." I nodded. "So the teams will be Kenz, Hunter, Hailey and Mase versus Bentley, Nikki and me. Since we live here, you guys," Zeke looked at me, "will be the visiting team. Each player on the visiting team will try shooting the quarter in the glasses. If you make a shot in the first glass that's first base, the second is a double, the third is a triple and the forth is a home run. Each player gets three tries, if they miss; its three strikes and you're out. When three players are out, then the other team is up to bat. If a player makes the quarter into a shot glass, they have to drink the rest of the shots behind the one they made. For example, if you hit a double, you have to drink the last two shots. If they get an out, they have to drink all for 4 shots. And just to make sure we all get a little trashed tonight, the other team must take a shot for each run scored."

Damn, we were going to get f**ked up tonight.

CC and Hailey were smirking at Bentley and Zeke because they knew they were on the better team. Nikki looked scared to death. Bentley walked over to the kitchen and grabbed her a bottle of water, she smiled and seemed to bounce back a little.

After the first round, the girls were all giddy and giggly and they couldn't keep their God damn hands to themselves, which wouldn't have been a problem if they weren't distracting Mason and me. We were drinking so many shots of beer I lost track; I just knew it was a f**king lot.

Zeke, Bentley and Nikki were up and only had half the shots we did, Mason took this turn to jump ships. At the end of their round, we were winning, how the hell that was possible was a damn miracle to me.

After playing for at least a good hour, all three girls were talking about our wedding; CC hit it off with Nikki and invited her along. I was relieved because I knew CC was worried about the girl when she'd first found out about her.

Another hour of the game and we were all feeling pretty damn good. Zeke was the surprising lightweight and passed out on the couch as soon as he sat down. Mason and Hailey were walking up to the spare room they were staying in when CC came over and flung her arms around me.

"Take me to bed handsome." she said with that look that said everything she was thinking.

I tipped my head to Bentley and Nikki, who laughed at CC when she jumped into my arms. I carried her to the bathroom instead of to bed; I knew she was going to wake up with a horrible hangover tomorrow. She hated drinking beer and she bitched about it smelling like feet all night long but still drank it anyway.

When I walked into the bathroom I pushed the toilet seat down and then set CC on it. I reached into the shower and turned on the water; CC took off her shirt and bra and was now sitting in just her yoga pants. I adjusted the water, making sure it wasn't too cold, I needed to sober her up a bit before bed.

When it was just right, I reached behind me and pulled my shirt over my head, threw it on the floor and then worked on getting my pants off while CC stood and did the same.

I grabbed her hand and led her into the shower.

"I love you." CC said as she ran her hands up my chest and then back down over my stomach.

"I love you more baby."

And then we both lost ourselves in each other, taking our time, covering each part of our bodies, being mindful of our fresh tattoos, until we were both shaking. When the water started cooling we turned the water off, dried and I sat CC back down on the toilet seat. I've only ever dried her hair once but I knew she'd loved it and tonight I was doing everything in my power just to prove to her how much I loved her. I was worshipping her.

I hope she understood why I was keeping this secret from her but I had a feeling she wouldn't, and if this was the last night that we got like this, I was staying up all night instilling into her just how deep my love for her ran.

24

When I woke up the next morning, wrapped in Hunter's arms, something felt off. I can't explain the feeling but it was there nonetheless. I turned to look at his face and was surprised to find him awake.

"Mmm, morning," I said as I snuggled a little closer to him. "What are you doing awake already?"

He tucked a piece of my hair behind my ear, "I never went to sleep."

I looked up at him more intently. Studying his face now, I saw that his eyes were bloodshot and he just looked tired, "How come? I thought we wore each other out." I smiled a devious smile. He did things to me last night I hadn't known were possible, and I had the soreness as a friendly reminder.

He shrugged his shoulders, "I was just watching you sleep, you looked so peaceful." He kissed my forehead and I sighed.

I glanced over his shoulder towards the window; it was still dark but the pinks of the sun were just starting to show. I threw the covers off us, "Come on. I want to go watch the sunrise."

Hunter got up off the bed. I tried not to look at his perfectly sculpted back and ass, but I couldn't help myself. He turned, sensing my eyes I assumed, and smiled sadly at me. I'm not sure what was going on with him but I needed to figure it out. We were at the place where we were finally able to be together and now he was sad.

I slipped on my yoga pants and layered them under a pair of Hunter's sweat pants for warmth, then I pulled on my tank top followed by a T-shirt. I dug two pairs of socks out of the duffle bags, grabbed my Nike Shox and went to sit on the bed to put them on.

I eyed Hunter in the bathroom brushing his teeth. After my sneakers were on I walked up behind him and wrapped my arms around his core. "Tell me what's wrong? Did something happen last night? Did I do something wrong?" I honestly didn't think I had, but maybe I did without knowing.

He spit the toothpaste in the sink and rinsed his mouth, then he turned and wrapped me up in his brawny arms but still didn't answer the question. I moved my arms from under his and reached up to cup his cheeks. That's when I saw it, the storm in his eyes; something was definitely wrong. Yet another reason I loved his eyes, they were my answer for everything, even the stuff he was shutting me out of. I'll give him time and he'll tell me. He always does at some point.

I reached up on my tip toes, placed a soft kiss on his lips and then backed up so I could brush my teeth. Hunter sighed loudly behind me before he walked out and got dressed. When my teeth were clean, my face washed and hair thrown up in a ponytail, I walked over to the chair that was in the corner of the room where Hunter's old couch used to be. Draped over it was the last piece of clothing I needed to put on, my pink and black Roxy hoodie.

I looked over my shoulder at Hunter, "You ready?"

He nodded.

I walked over and grabbed his hand; he led me downstairs, through the kitchen and out on the deck. He closed the sliding glass doors behind me and we made our way down to the beach, just in time to watch the sunrise over the ocean.

The wind was whipping my face and I shivered from the chill that crept through my layers of clothing. Hunter tucked me in to his side while keeping his eyes cast out over the ocean. He was a million miles away. I did the only thing I knew to bring him back to me. I slid my hand from the middle of his back slowly down and over to the left. I hesitated for a second, not sure if I should because my hands were freezing but I didn't know what else to do. I'm sure, if anything, it would help with the slight sting from it being freshly done. I reached under his sweatshirt and T-shirt and gently placed my hand over his tattoo. He tensed for a second but soon relaxed, taking a deep breath and then letting it out.

He still wasn't looking at me, but he followed my lead, reaching under my layers and covering my tattoo with his hand. This was the reason I'd wanted the tattoos inked in these spots. I felt like I could do exactly what the tattoo said. I could conquer the world with one hand as long as he was holding the other.

Even after the sun had been up for a little while I was still shaking from the freezing temperature. Reluctantly, we walked back into the house, hand in hand.

We were greeted by Nikki cooking breakfast in the kitchen, "Good morning."

"Good morning, need some help?" I asked as I pulled my hoodie over my head and kicked off my shoes, not wanting to track sand all over the house.

"Um, sure if you want to, you can start working on the eggs," she said as she took the lid off a pan to flip the bacon.

Hunter reached out for my hoodie, and I handed it over. He grabbed my hand and pulled me to him, kissed me, then said, "I'm going to run this upstairs and jump in the shower to warm up."

I placed another kiss on his lips, "Okay, love you."

He gave me a half smile, "Love you too."

He walked away and I shuffled off to the kitchen to get started. I'd pulled out the eggs, bowl and whisk and placed it on the counter when Nikki turned towards me abruptly.

"I hope this isn't weird. I'm not sure what you heard about that night but I want you to know that Hunter is..." she paused for a moment before she continued, "I'm not even sure what to call him. He saved me from getting raped that night. He could have walked away, turned his head and acted like nothing happened, but he didn't. If it wasn't for him, I'm not sure how I would have fared. You're lucky to have him."

Wow, I knew something had happened to her but I wasn't exactly sure what. It wasn't in Hunter's nature to just act like he didn't see anything. He was a protector, my fierce protector.

I glanced over at her. She appeared shy, but deep down I think she was stronger than she gave herself credit for. I honestly don't know how I would've ever dealt with that. "I'm sorry for what you went through." I grinned, thinking about my man upstairs, "I think I'm pretty lucky too."

"Just remember that some of us are still looking for what you have." She stirred the bacon again while I cracked the eggs into the bowl. "Ok, enough deep stuff; tell me about this wedding you're planning."

And so I told her all my visions of how I wanted my wedding planned. We laughed, got teary eyed and laughed some more. She promised me that no matter where she was, she would come to our wedding. I really liked Nikki; she was pretty awesome once she let her guard down.

Breakfast was all set on the table so I went to go round up the troops. I banged on Bentley's door first, then Mason and Hailey, which was a mistake because I heard shit that I really didn't want to. Last, I slipped into my room in search of Hunter. I thought he would've been out of the shower by now but he wasn't.

I opened the bathroom door and the steam from the bathroom engulfed me. "Hunter?" I called in, blindly.

He didn't answer right away. I walked closer to the shower and reached for the curtain with a shaky hand. Pulling it back, slow panic swept through me. Hunter had his arms folded up against the wall with his head resting on them. "Hunter?" I said again, gently this time.

He still didn't answer me, didn't move.

I stepped back and stripped my clothes off. I adjusted the water because he had it scorching hot, and when it cooled I climbed in behind him. I ran my hands up his back and his muscles tensed; I did this a few times before he started to relax, then I placed my hands on either side of his h*ps and turned him. He let me.

"We need to talk," he whispered before cupping my cheeks and kissing me.

I knew this. I'd felt it the second my eyes fluttered open this morning.

I took a deep breath, preparing myself. "Okay."

I kissed her again. Damn; I didn't want to do this. It was time though, I needed to pop our bubble and tell her the truth.

Her stomach growled, I chuckled, "Let's get you something to eat first."

She didn't argue, thank God. She doesn't cope well with shitty news and I knew she wouldn't eat for a while after this. We dried off, got changed and went to go get some breakfast.

Everyone was already downstairs at the table, eating. Hailey's head snapped up when we walked in but she didn't say anything. Mason eyed me, waiting for an answer on whether or not I'd told her, I shook my head. He nodded and went back to eating.

The energy at the table was low. It's like everyone knew what was coming. The only shitty part was that CC didn't. I barely ate. I pushed my eggs around on my plate and only drank half my orange juice; CC noticed but didn't comment.

I stood up, dumped my plate in the trash and went back upstairs to our room. CC didn't follow me but I knew she would when she was ready. Waiting for CC to join me, I packed up our bags getting everything ready in case she wanted to leave right away.

A while later there was a tap at the door, Hailey peeked her head in. "Can I come in?"

I nodded and resumed my position in the chair with my elbows on my knees.

Hailey walked in and quietly shut the door, "You ok?"

I shook my head. I was f**ked up, and I was about to hurt the one person I'd never wanted to hurt.

"I'm going to be honest with you. Kenz and I are a lot alike, you know this." She took a deep breath. "If it was me, I'd run." She sat on her knees in front of me. "I'd be running because I'm hurt and angry that you didn't trust me enough with the truth." She covered my hands with both of hers. "But...I'd come back. I don't know how long I'd be gone, but I would be back."

I stared at her, gauging her, trying to figure out if there was any chance that she'd be lying to me. I didn't see anything but understanding.

"I know I break your balls all the time, Hunter, and I may be a pain in your ass, but I love you like I love the rest of them. I'm not going anywhere, and I'll help you anyway I can." She sat up on her knees, placed a kiss on my cheek and got up to leave the room.

CC walked in behind her, head hung low. She sat on the bed and patted the spot next to her. I got up off the chair and sat beside her.

"Look, I know whatever is going to be said isn't good. I'm not sure I really care what it is." She shook her head. "No, I do care. If it has to do with our family, the three of us, I want to know."

She's feeling me out; damn, the ache in my chest was getting stronger and stronger. "It does."

She closed her eyes; shoulders slumped, "Okay. Just...whatever it is, know that I love you."

Damn, my eyes stung. "Okay, before I start I need you to promise me that you will listen to the whole story. Know that I did this for us, our family."

"Okay." Her hands fisted in her lap, knuckles white. She's preparing herself.

"I love you." I need to hear it from her.

"I love you too," she said, expressionless.

"My dad, Jason, showed up out of the blue. We still aren't sure why just yet." I looked out the window in front of us, watching the wave's crash. "I never told you about Jason because there wasn't anything worth telling, until now. Jason robbed the South Berry Credit Union." I glanced over at her, her eyes wide. "Mom was held at gun point while it happened. Jaylinn was only a baby at the time and they kept her in a separate room. When Jason came home that night and the captors let Mom go, Jaylinn was in her crib, naked, with a piece of tape over her mouth. I was with my grandparents when everything went down. Jason tried to tell Mom that it'd never happen again, that he'd gotten into some trouble and didn't have a choice but to rob the bank or he'd have been killed."

I didn't continue right away, this was painful for me. I never talked about this shit. CC got up off the bed and grabbed a bottle of water off the dresser. She took a drink and then offered it to me. I took it, drank a little, and then fastened the cap. CC disappeared into the bathroom and emerged with pain reliever. She offered me two but I didn't take them. Shrugging her shoulders, she swallowed all four without water.

Once she settled back on the bed next to me she reached for my hand.

"I haven't been completely honest with you either, Hunter." That took me by surprise. "I know it was Brittany at the accident. After my car finally stopped flipping, I remember lying there. I couldn't actually make her out but I knew it was her by her voice." She squeezed my hand.

"She talked to you?" I asked. This pissed me off even more, how could you do that and not help her to safety?

She nodded, "Yeah she did. She said, 'If I can't have him neither can you'."

Shit, this was going to make telling her even worse. "I'm sorry you had to go through that baby."

She shrugged, "I don't ever want to talk about it again though ok? I just want to move on from that day, she took enough of my time, I'm not giving her anymore."

"I understand." I did, she was a disgrace to even be considered family.

"Was there more that you needed to tell me?" She asked me with sad eyes.

I nodded, "Mom never went to the police because she feared for our safety. Jason swore it would never happen again, but a few months later it did, and this time I was at home too. I hid in my bedroom closet until Mom came to get me. That night, she packed us up and we disappeared."

"We moved in with my grandparents in the Tennessee Valley Mountains. Remember that place I took you to over New Years?"

She nodded her head, still no emotions showing from her.

"That was their house; Mom didn't have the heart to sell it. Plus it's not like we needed the money since they set Jaylinn and I up with a trust fund, so she hired a realtor and rented it out." I huffed, reminiscing about the fun times with Grandpa. "I looked up to my grandfather, learned a lot from him. He was a great man." Damn, I missed him a lot; I could have used some of his advice lately. "He passed away from lung cancer the year that we moved to Jersey, and my grandmother passed within days of him. Mom said that she passed away of a broken heart, and the medical examiner listed her cause of death as natural causes. Mom never went back there. I on the other hand, would try to get up there whenever the house wasn't being rented out. I made some of my greatest memories in that house."

I was back to gazing over the ocean, letting all the memories take hold of me for a little while. Really I was giving CC time to ask questions. I'm sure she had to have some.

Sometime later, CC squeezed my hand. I guess she was ready for more.

"Your dad has known about my whole situation since we moved to Jersey. Our moms got to drinking one night shortly after meeting and hit it off. The next morning Mom was worried that she'd told your mom too much and explained to us that we'd be moving again. She needed to keep us safe. Your mom sat mine down for coffee, and they talked for hours while Jaylinn and I were out playing with you and your brothers."

This was probably going to dig the stake in her heart a little deeper; I knew she was still pissed off about her dad lying to her about being an FBI Agent.

"Your mom confessed that your dad was an FBI Agent and that she knew for a fact that he'd help keep us safe. Your dad tried to take my mom into headquarters but she refused to talk about it. He made a promise to my mom that as long as we lived near your family that he'd always look out for us and protect us. He said no family should ever have to go through something like that."

I looked over at her and noticed that she was now crying. Fuck! She's ripping my heart out and I haven't even gotten to the worst part yet. I ran my index finger over her right cheek, wiping away the tears.

"I think that's the reason..." I shook my head, "No, I know that's the reason Mason, Cooper and Jackson didn't want you and me together. They say it's because of your dad but I don't believe that."

My cell phone vibrated in my pocket. I dug it out and saw Jaylinn's name flash across the screen. Bad timing sis, I rejected the call and set the phone on the bed next to me. A second later it went off, Jaylinn again.

I answered, "Jay, it's not a good time. Can I call you back?"

I glanced over at CC who was watching me, I heard a sniffle, "No, Hunter. I need you to come home."

Fear ripped through me, "What's wrong?"

"I'm fine, but please, just come home. There's more to this clusterfuck that you need to know about."

I hung my head, dread taking over, "I'm on my way."

I stood up from the bed, reached for CC's hand, but she didn't take mine. She stood, picked up her bag and walked out of the room. I grabbed mine, shut the light off and followed behind her. This was going to be the longest six hour drive of my life. What else can possibly happen? When was I going to finally get a break?

25

I was in shock. I wasn't really feeling anything.

When Hunter and I emerged from upstairs, Mason and Hailey were sitting on the bottom of the steps. Hailey gave me a small smile. I frowned and it wiped the smile off her face. When I made it to the bottom step, they split apart and I walked right out to the car. I never said goodbye to Bentley, Zeke or Nikki. I knew it was wrong but I just couldn't face anyone.

Why hadn't he told me? Did he not think I could handle it? Did it hurt him that much to speak of his past? I could've been there for him, damn it. I knew of Jason, but I'd never pressed for more information when it came to him. No one ever mentioned him and I just went along with it. Was I a bad person for not asking? And oh God, Jaylinn, she may not remember, but knowing that something like that had happened to her when she was so helpless must kill her every day.

I got to the truck first and heard a click as the doors unlocked. Hunter must have hit the unlock button on the keypad. I climbed in and tossed my bag at my feet. I looked up but only saw Hunter walking down the driveway. He tossed his stuff in the bed of his truck then slipped into the driver's seat. He didn't start it right away.

"There's more to the story, CC. That's just the first part." Hunter said; his eyes were fixed, looking out the windshield.

My head hit the back of the headrest waiting for the next blow. I was silently begging for Mason and Hailey to walk out to the truck so we could go home. I wanted my baby wrapped in my arms; I wanted to protect him from all the crazy f**ked up shit this world had to offer.

"The first time I saw my dad was at the hospital, the night I was taking Ryder home for the first time." That felt like a sucker punch to the chest. "I'm not sure why he was there. We exchanged a few words," Hunter huffed, "it wasn't pretty. Mason and Hailey had walked up while the altercation was happening. Mason knew right away who Jason was; he's the only person I ever really talked to about him."

At least he had Mason to talk to, that made me feel slightly better. But then something dawned on me.

"You had Ryder?" It was the first thing I'd said since he started confessing everything.

He looked over at me, shifting in his seat, "I did. He was tucked behind me with Mom until Mason walked right up and grabbed him. He and Hailey immediately took him outside. Jason asked if he was mine but I told him it was none of his business. I'm not really sure if he knows for sure or not."

Mason, my hero of a brother, saved the day again. How did I not see any of this?

"After I walked away from Jason I knew I couldn't leave you upstairs by yourself, but what was I supposed to do? I had Ryder and I had to make a choice." He reached for my hand again. This time I let him hold it. "Mason saw the turmoil on my face and told me that since Hailey was already staying the night with you, he would too."

Well that explains why those two were acting miserable all night. I knew there had to be a reason, and that explains why Mason stayed even though it was clear Hailey hadn't wanted him to.

Hunter squeezed my hand lightly, pain flashing across his face, "Do you remember when we were checking out of the hospital and there was a guy talking to you?"

I nodded.

"That was Jason."

Then I remembered Hunter freaking out when he pulled the truck around. That slime ball was that close to me and my baby and I'd had no idea. I remember my instincts were to reach out for Hunter but I'd thought that was just me being paranoid of something happening to Ryder.

A lone tear slipped from my eye, and I reached up to wipe it away. I was hurting because something could have happened and I'd have had no idea. "Why didn't you just tell me?" I asked.

He pressed the palms of his hands to his eyeballs, "Because I didn't know what was going on. He just appeared out of nowhere and no one knew what he was up to."

"But you could've told me, Hunter."

He sighed, "I know, but I wanted to find out what was going on first. I didn't want to concern you with something that you didn't need to worry about."

I snapped my head over to look at him, was he being serious? "Concern me, Hunter? If it involves you or Ryder, hell any of our families, it concerns me."

He didn't respond for a while. Eventually Mason and Hailey appeared in the doorway, making their way towards us.

I knew none of this was easy for him but his lack of communication with me about this felt like betrayal. We fought for so long to be together but now it felt like it was still impossible and out of reach. How could you have a relationship with someone you really don't know? How would I ever know if Hunter was keeping anything else from me? Could I trust him enough to always tell me everything?

I followed CC's eyes to see Mason and Hailey walking towards us. I still needed to tell her more but I didn't want to do it in front of them, even though they knew what had happened.

"What did Jaylinn want?" CC asked while staring at her hands in her lap.

I took a deep breath, not sure how to tell her this without making it any worse than it already was. "There's more that she found out."

She nodded once and then put her seatbelt on as Hailey and Mason climbed in the backseat. Hailey sat behind me and grabbed my shoulder letting me know that she was there for me. I glanced at Mason in the rearview mirror. He tipped his head in CC's direction asking if she knew everything. I shook my head once then started the truck and pulled out of the driveway.

The ride down here had been fun. The girls had turned the stereo up full blast and sang at the top of their lungs. We'd talked about the wedding, and Hailey convinced CC to take pole-dancing lessons as part of the bachelorette party. We discussed where we were going to go on our honeymoon. The past didn't bother anyone. It was the way it should be. This ride back was painfully quiet. No one talked unless it was necessary.

When we arrived home it was just after dinnertime and of course everyone was at the Cahill's for Sunday dinner. Our parents were sitting at the kitchen table, sipping their coffee, and they all turned, a little surprised to see us walk in.

"Hey baby girl, I wasn't expecting you 'til later." Andrew said.

"Where's Ryder?" CC asked, not offering an explanation.

Mom and Elle looked up at me, waiting for me to explain CC's mood. I shoved my hands in my front pockets and glanced down.

Jaylinn's changing him in your old room, sweetie." Elle replied.

CC took off for the stairs and my shoulders slumped. Andrew walked over and patted my back, "She'll get through it. Hang in there." Then he excused himself.

Mom got up and grabbed me a bottle of water. "Would you like to me talk to her?" Elle offered.

"No, she needs to hear it from me. I haven't even told her about Brittany." I grabbed the bottle of water from my mom and took a sip.

"You didn't know he had a daughter, Mom?" This was the first time I'd asked my mom about Brittany since I'd found out. I never had the chance with CC always being around.

She exhaled, "I knew of his daughter but that was it. I found out that night when I took you kids and ran. That's all I knew and that's all I cared to know about. I'm sorry I never mentioned it but I never thought I would have needed to."

"Is that all? Is there anything that could come out that I don't know about? Jay said she found something else out." I asked, looking back and forth between both Mom and Elle.

Jaylinn walked in, and I was surprised to see Cooper wasn't behind her. "They don't know. I thought I should wait and tell everyone together."

I was mentally preparing myself for whatever shitty situation I was about to be dealt. "Coop and I were at dinner at last night, we were seated out on the patio. After our dinner was served I caught sight of Brittany out of the corner of my eye. She wasn't alone though, she was there with Jason and that nurse from the hospital."

I heard the swooshing in my ears; surely I hadn't heard her right. "Lynn?"

She bobbed her head.

I was going to be sick; I quickly pushed away from the table and ran for the bathroom. I sat on the floor with my hands resting on my knees, head tilted back on the tub, and sweat pouring down my face. Lynn had taken care of the two people I would give my life for. She'd held my son, she'd taken care of CC, and she'd consoled me when I thought I was losing the love of my life. How could a woman like that be with a man like my father? She came on to me. I heaved again; losing whatever was left in my stomach.

I got up off my knees, washed my face and sat back down on the edge of the tub, not ready to face anyone. Lynn had never made a move to touch me or harm my family, but she'd controlled CC's medicine. At any time she could've slipped her a higher dosage than she needed. I shook my head. I couldn't let myself think like that.

There was tap at the door as CC walked in with Ryder. I grabbed the little man from her and hugged him close. Damn it felt good having him in my arms. I sat there rocking him for a few minutes before CC was asking for him back.

I kissed his cheek and handed him over, "You're coming back in here right?"

"Yeah."

Minutes later she was back and kneeling between my legs.

"I'm sorry you had such a shitty father. I'm pissed off and hurt that you felt like you couldn't tell me though, Hunter." She confessed.

She was about to get a lot more pissed off, "I need to finish telling you the rest."

"Okay." She sat back on her legs, waiting for me to finish.

"So after that day at the hospital I hadn't heard from or seen Jason for a while, I thought he was gone again. I was wrong. You know the day you girls were at the mall and I showed up?"

"Yeah," I saw her putting the pieces together.

"Jason was there. That's why I showed up. I thought maybe he was coming after you or Jay, but he wasn't." Here comes the blow. "He was there with his daughter."

CC looked confused.

"I didn't know about her until we got back to the house and Mason and I went down-"

"To the baseball field with Coop, Jackson and my dad." CC finished for me.

"Right, it turns out that his daughter is Brittany."

I waited, giving her time to process what I'd just told her. "Brittany? As in Brittany who tried to kill me? Brittany who swears Ryder is Dominic's child? The same Brittany that Dominic cheated on me with?"

She started shaking. I pulled her to me but she resisted and I didn't want to push her. Then the tears started. "How could that be your sister? How come you didn't tell me when I told you earlier that she was involved in the accident?"

"Half-sister and she isn't even that. She doesn't exist to me, CC. I only have one sister and I always will." I had to be sure that she knew that I would never consider Brittany family after what she'd put us through.

She took a shuddering breath, "Is that what Jaylinn needed to tell you? Is that why she needed you to come home?"

Tears were falling; I reached up and wiped them away. I thought she would have backed away from me by now but she hadn't. "No. There's more."

"Wait! Logan mentioned that Brittany moved in with her dad and his girlfriend."

I nodded; this is that part I knew was going to crush her even more than she already was. "Jay and Coop saw Brittany and Jason last night while they were out eating. Jason was there with his girlfriend, who happens to be Lynn."

CC's face turned white as a ghost before she turned and threw up, just as I had. I rubbed my hand up and down her back as she sobbed, still heaving. After she'd settled a little bit, I got her a wash cloth and wiped her face for her. She was still crying and I held her until she stopped.

CC looked up at me, eyes red and puffy. "Can you do me a favor?"

"Anything,"

"I need you to leave. I need time alone." She was crushed, just like I knew she would be.

"No, we need to talk about this. Please."

"You said anything. Get out Hunter." She recoiled away from me.

I sat there for a minute, unsure of what to do. I didn't want to leave her but I knew she needed time to work through everything in her head.

I walked over to her, she tried to push me away but I wouldn't budge, "I love you, no matter what." I kissed her forehead and let her push me away this time.

I shut the bathroom door behind me and I heard her wail of a cry along with a lot of banging. Hailey emerged from Mason's room. Approaching, she wrapped her arms around me, "I'll take care of her."

"Thanks."

I walked out of the house and away from my life, my family.

26

I was pissed. I was hurt. I was enraged. After Hunter shut the door behind him all I saw was red. I picked up the first thing within reach, which happened to be the toothbrush holder, and threw it at the mirror, shattering it, right along with my heart.

Why? Why didn't he tell me? Why did he wait?

I backed up to the wall, slid down to the floor and curled into a ball. That's where Hailey found me when she walked in. She was trying to talk to me but I was hysterical, unable to hear anything but my own sobs.

"He's supposed to love me! Why didn't he tell me?" I wailed to Hailey.

"Kenz," she took a seat next to me and started running her hands through my hair. "I know you're hurting right now, but he did it for you."

My stomach was twisted into knots, "No he didn't, he should've told me."

She moved a little closer and lifted my head onto her outstretched legs, "I know, I told him that."

I cried and cried and cried. I heard Mom come in at one point. She tried to talk to me but I didn't hear anything she said. I barely remember Mason coming into the bathroom to take me to my room where he tucked me into bed.

I must've cried myself to sleep because when the nightmare hit, Hailey grabbed me in her arms to comfort me. I noticed it was starting to get light outside. I was shaking with cold sweats. I jumped out of bed and sprinted to my parents' room where I assumed Ryder was sleeping. I needed to make sure he was there and fine. When I ran in Mom was sitting in the rocker cradling Ryder. I started crying again. I walked over and she offered him to me, knowing I needed him. I went back to my room, and after I settled Ryder in his bassinet, I tried to lie back down and sleep but it was useless. I was still reeling from the nightmare of a life that I couldn't rid myself of.

Hailey was lying beside me when she rolled over and whispered, "You ok?"

"Yeah, it's just a bad dream." I said hoarsely.

"Do you want to talk about it?" Hailey spoke softly, careful not to wake Ryder.

"Not really." I leaned up and gazed at Ryder sleeping silently next to me and the tears started again. He looked so much like Hunter. He still had his dad's curly brown hair and his handsome little nose was shaped like Hunter's too. Not to mention his pouty little mouth that you just wanted to kiss all the time.

Hailey started rubbing my back and a little while later exhaustion took over again and I fell asleep.

MacKenzie finally fell back asleep after she'd started crying again. I gently slipped out of bed to seek out Mason and see if he'd talked to Hunter. I reached the door and it creaked when I opened it. I peeked back at MacKenzie who was shaking her head back and forth in her sleep.

I jumped in surprise when I spotted Hunter sitting across from MacKenzie's door, "Damn it Hunter, you scared the hell out of me."

He gave me a pitiful smile, "How is she?"

I could smell the alcohol and stale cigarettes lingering on him, "A mess. She cried herself to sleep and hasn't slept peacefully since."

"Fuck!" He gripped his hair, "I f**ked up Hailey."

I slid down the wall next to him, "That you did Bud."

He exhaled loudly, "How do I fix it? I can't stand sitting here listening to her cry, knowing I caused it."

I played with a piece of string on the hem of my shorts, "You're going to give her time. She's scared, hurt and pissed off. You saw how she was when her dad finally told her about the FBI. She was pissed off and hurt then." I ripped the piece of string off, "This is a lot for her to handle."

"What about Ryder? I have to see him; she can't keep him from me." His head fell back against the wall.

"She wouldn't do that to you. Yeah she's pissed, but she's not spiteful." Mason's door opened and he stepped out.

Hunter attempted to stand but stumbled, practically landing on me. "How'd you get here?"

"Drove."

"Son of a bitch, Hunter! Just because your world has gone to shit doesn't mean you get to be reckless!" I raised my voice slightly.

"It doesn't matter Hailey, my girl doesn't want me," he said as he lay back on the carpet and threw his arm over his face.

"What the f**k man? Come on, get up." I helped Hunter to his feet and shoved him into the bathroom. "Take a shower." I left the door open so I could run back to my room and grab a pair of sweat pants and a T-shirt for him.

Hunter looked like he was going to be sick; I turned the shower on and pushed the clothes to his chest. That seemed to have brought him out of his thoughts.

"I'll make you some coffee, come down when you're done." I told him.

I shut the door and leaned against it; Hailey came over and wrapped her arms around me. "I don't want you to ever keep anything from me, Mase. Nothing, I don't care what it is, always talk to me."

I hugged her tightly to my chest, "I promise, Boo."

After I heard some movement in the bathroom, Hailey and I went downstairs to make some coffee. Mom and Dad were already down there sitting at the kitchen table.

"Good Morning." Mom said.

I grunted. There was nothing good about this morning.

"Is that Hunter we heard upstairs?" Dad asked.

"Yeah," Hailey piped up.

"He's a f**king mess." I stated.

"Watch your mouth." Dad demanded. I hadn't even noticed I'd cursed.

About a half hour later Hunter came downstairs. He noticed Mom and Dad, but instead of walking into the kitchen he went out to his truck.

I jumped out of my seat and went after him, "Where are you going?"

"Home," Hunter tossed his clothes onto the passenger seat and started climbing in.

"You can't drive. Give me a minute. I'll have Hailey follow me to your house." I started walking back towards the house when Hunter started the truck and quickly backed out of the driveway.

Shit! This was bad and he was being dangerous.

After CC kicked me out I went to the closest bar I could find, needing something to fill the pit in my stomach. I knew it was the wrong decision the second I walked in and sat down.

The bartender came over and took my order. He set it down in front of me, and I looked up waiting for him to tell me how much, but he nodded his head towards a blonde who had her head turned.

I didn't recognize her at first, that is until she turned and looked my way. Lily. Damn, of all the times to run into her, it had to be tonight. Haven't I been dealt enough shit lately?

She smiled, jumped off the stool and made her way over to me. She sat in the only other seat available at the bar which just happened to be right next to me.

Lily had turned into the town slut after the party where she'd basically opened her legs to every Tom, Dick and Harry. It was my junior year in high school. Mason, Cooper and I were on the baseball team which meant we were just expected to show up at any party. The three of us got really wasted that night while playing flip cup and beer pong. Lily had been flirting with all of us, going from one lap to the next all night. Mason, Cooper and I were out back bullshitting with some of the guys from the team, when they started on the twins, asking if they'd ever had a threesome. Cooper and Mason wouldn't come flat out and say no, but they didn't really need to when Lily walked by and grabbed the twins by their collars and kissed them both. The other guys began whistling cat calls, hooting and hollering; that only fueled them on. Next thing we knew she was leading them away from the group. Lily called my name and said 'let's go'. All the guys started shoving me in their direction. What was I supposed to do? Not go? That wasn't about to happen. So I went. And I can't say I'm completely happy with myself after that night. I stood in the corner of the room while Lily had her way with Mason and Cooper. I was getting called every name in the book from Mason and Cooper, so I caved. Or at least that's what they thought. Those two passed out and left me alone with Lily. How that girl was still functioning was beyond me. She tried her damnedest but it wasn't happening. I told her she was better than that and walked out.

At practice the next morning the twins bragged about it to all the guys on the team, and we were all pretty much legends at school after that. I never denied it and they never asked what happened, so I let them think what they wanted.

So, when she jumped on the stool with her daisy duke shorts and barely-there shirt and said, "Hey handsome." I cringed.

I knew what she was up to the second she'd looked my way across the bar. I was her next conquest.

I tipped my beer in her direction, "Thanks."

"You're welcome." She scooted her stool closer. I rolled my eyes. "So what brought you here?"

"Just needed a drink," I wasn't about to tell her my life story.

"I take it things aren't going good with Princess?" Lily asked all innocently.

Lily had never liked CC. She was jealous of her and she had every right to be. CC was incredible compared to this trash next to me. "It's none of your business." I answered her.

"Jim!" she yelled at the bartender. Nice, she knew the bartender. That says a lot about her. "Four shots of tequila."

"I'm not drinking that shit." I stated. Tequila and I didn't mix well.

The bartender eyed me, "You need it buddy." Just f**king great! I came here to forget about my problems and here these two were throwing it back in my face.

"Whatever." Maybe that's what I needed. I just needed to forget everything for a little while.

Jim the bartender placed four shot glasses in front of us, poured the tequila and said, "Cheers," then walked away to wait on another customer.

I shouldn't have come here. I should just get up and leave while I'm ahead.

Lily twisted a piece of her brown hair around her finger, "Well, come on." She reached for her shot, picked it up and held it out waiting for me to do the same.

I shook my head, picked up the shot and clinked her glass, "To f**ked up relationships."

I put the shot to my lips, my stomach already burning, tipped my head back and emptied the glass. I slammed it on the bar and went for the next one. I saw Lily wipe her mouth from the corner of my eye as I slammed the second shot on the bar.

"Damn, problems that bad?"

I wanted to shut her the hell up. She looked at the second shot sitting in front of her, and then eyed me. She pushed it in my direction; she didn't need to tell me twice. I sucked down the third shot and chased it with my beer.

I started watching the highlights of the Giants game on the TV above the liquor shelf, waiting for the buzz to kick in.

Lily jumped off the stool and made her way to the dance floor. She was out there dancing with some girls that I recognized from high school when the DJ started playing City Boy. This was one of CC's favorite songs when she was feeling down and needed a pick me up. The bartender looked in my direction and I held up two of the shot glasses, he came over and filled them.

After five shots and two beers I was finally feeling buzzed, my body was relaxing to the point where the events of today didn't bother me as much as they should have.

Come and Get It started playing. I felt someone nudge my shoulder. Glancing over at the guy next to me, he lifted his chin towards the dance floor. I turned around and Lily pointed to me, beckoning me over with her finger.

"Damn dude. You better go get that." The guy next to me was practically panting.

"She's all yours," I told him. I got up and made my way toward the bathroom, and then I was getting the hell out of here.

As I walked out of the bathroom I was pushed into a little nook off to the side. It took me a second for my foggy brain to catch up. Lily stood in front of me, her body pushed up against mine.

She was biting her lip; damn I needed to get out of here. I was about to push her away when she leaned in. I turned my head just in time and her lips landed on my cheek.

I pushed her off, "What the f**k are you doing?"

She looked at me with a stunned look on her face. Pushing past her, I went to my truck and left.

I knew I shouldn't be driving in my condition, I was drunk. I drove to the closest place I knew, which just happened to be where my girl was at. The same girl that thought I was scum.

I knew where the spare key was after needing to use it a few times trying to drag Mason and Cooper's drunken asses home. I was crawling up the steps when I saw CC running past the stairs towards her parents' room. She didn't see me and I didn't want her to. A few minutes later she came walking past the steps with Ryder in her arms, I heard her bedroom door click and I climbed the rest of the way up the stairs.

I sat there and listened to her cry until, eventually, it grew quiet and I assumed she'd fallen asleep again. I wiped my eyes and when I did I felt tears I hadn't known were there.

27

It had been fourteen days since I threw Hunter out of the bathroom that we were in, fourteen days since I stepped foot in that room. Fourteen days since I felt like a whole person, fourteen days since my heart was crushed from his secrets.

I hadn't heard a peep from him except for the little lettered seashells that he had somehow managed to leave outside my bedroom door every morning when I woke up. I missed him something fierce but I was still too bitter, too hurt, to talk about it.

Every day after lunch Mom would meet Hunter downstairs and hand over Ryder; he would bring him back around eight every night. It bothered me that he was spending so much time with him, I missed Ryder but I knew it was important for them. I heard Hunter tell my mom one afternoon that he was going back to work last week, so I let it go.

I had just gotten out of the shower when Hailey came barging in my room. I stood there in a towel, "Hails? Are you ever going to learn how to knock?"

She shrugged, "I've seen you at your worst Kenz, and does it really matter at this point?"

She was right; she'd caught me ha**ng s*x with Hunter countless times. My heart squeezed at the thought of him. "Not really I guess. Anyway how are classes?" I was looking forward to enrolling for spring semester with her.

I made a deal with Hailey after three days of not speaking to anyone. I promised I would start talking only if Hunter wasn't brought up. Every time someone mentioned his name I would start to cry and that wasn't ok with me. I had to somewhat pull myself together so that I could take care of Ryder, he couldn't, and shouldn't, have to see me in such a mess.

"It's going. Look, before I forget why I came in here I need you to promise to have an open mind about something."

This is going to go well.

"I'm not ready to talk to him, Hails." I stated. Yeah I missed the ever-loving hell out of him but I'm just not ready.

"I know. It has nothing to do with him, well it kind of does."

She quickly glanced at me while brushing her hair in the mirror. I waited, "We need a girls' weekend. Jay thinks you hate her and Chloe is going crazy with Alex running around and getting into everything."

I could never hate Jaylinn but I wasn't exactly being nice to her either, she could have talked to me. "And what does this not exactly have to do with Hunter?"

Wait for it, wait for it... "We were thinking of going to their family house in Tennessee. Jay says no one is renting it until sometime in January."

That sometime in January was my honeymoon. I got chills and felt sick. Would I get past this? Would we be able to move on from this and be a strong couple? Eventually maybe, but right now I just wasn't sure.

"I don't know if that's such a good idea." I don't think I can handle being in the house that held so many memories, the house where I'd lost my virginity to the man I was supposed to marry.

"It's a great idea. Pack your bags, we're leaving this weekend." Hailey said as she moved towards the door.

"What about Hunter? I'm taking Ryder with me which means Hunter isn't going to see him for a few days." I was backpedaling trying to get out of going.

She put her hands on her hips, "Stop trying to get out of it. You're going. Hunter is already taken care of."

Of course he is.

I had to think of a way to get out of this. I didn't feel like having a girls' getaway. I wanted to stay in my room, in this house where I have been for the last fourteen days.

Hailey

I shut the door before MacKenzie could even try and come up with another reason for not going.

Mason was leaning against the wall, hands in his pocket, ankles crossed. Damn he's sexy. Dark hair all tousled from me running my hands through it, arms and chest flexing every time he moved.

I was biting my bottom lip when he caught me ogling over him, he smirked. "Asshole,"

He laughed.

I padded to his room and bounced on his bed. I heard Mason walk in behind me but he didn't say anything, he didn't make a move to come towards me. I leaned up on my elbows; there was an uncertainty in his expression, "What's wrong?"

He stood there staring at me for a long moment, "Do you think this is the right thing to do?"

Mason and I talked earlier today. Both Hunter and MacKenzie were miserable without each other. They weren't going to solve anything if they didn't talk. Hunter's little trick with the seashells hasn't worked yet, I'm not even sure she noticed that they were spelling out I'm sorry over and over again. Mason still beat himself up over the fact that he'd stood in their way of being together, but he was only trying to protect her from this mess that she'd gotten into anyway. He wanted to see her smile and be the kid sister that she used to be.

"Maybe. Maybe not." I didn't really know one way or the other if this was going to work.

Jaylinn, Chloe, MacKenzie and I were going to head down to the house on Thursday after my last class; we were calling it a girls' weekend even though MacKenzie would have Ryder. I was picking my battles, I wasn't about to tell her to leave him with Hunter or her mom. Everyone was in on our weekend, except Hunter and MacKenzie that is.

I got Cooper and Jackson in on our plan to try and force Hunter and MacKenzie to talk. Cooper was all about it, Jackson not so much.

"Don't you think you involve yourself in their lives enough?" Jackson asked, glaring at me.

I was pacing the family room, "Yes I know, but now I'm trying to make up for that. Look, they have to talk about this and with Kenz hiding in her room, in this house, every day, nothing's gonna get solved. We all hid something from her and she handled that pretty damn well."

Jackson raised his eyebrows. Cooper chuckled.

"Ok so maybe she didn't talk to us for a couple of weeks but she forgave us. We're family, we fight, we argue, but at the end of the damn day we love each other." Damn, now I sound like a sap.

"He's right Jackson, you know he is. We have to at least try. If she gets too pissed off or tries to leave then we pack our shit and get a motel room or some shit." Cooper said.

Jackson shook his head, "Fine, but if this weekend goes to hell I'm blaming it on you."

Of course he would, I was always taking the blame for everything, most of the shit was caused by me so yeah, whatever.

"Deal. I'm going to talk to Hunter and figure out when we can leave." Thank God we stopped talking about it because a few minutes later MacKenzie came downstairs with Ryder.

I looked over at Jackson and Cooper; both had picked up the X-box remotes and acted like they were waiting for the game to start while I stood there like a jackass.

"Hey guys." MacKenzie said when she walked in the room.

Cooper and Jackson grunted hello while I just stared at her, waiting for her wrath because she'd caught us talking about ambushing her.

"Mase, everything ok?" she asked.

"Yup, everything's fine." Maybe she didn't hear.

"Can you hold him while I go make a bottle?" She was handing Ryder over before I even had a chance to respond.

I grabbed the little man from MacKenzie, and it was no sooner than she walked out of the room, that he threw up all down the front of my brand new Hurley T-shirt.

"What the f**k?" I yelled, scaring Ryder.

Cooper and Jackson burst out laughing; MacKenzie came running back in to us.

Then, of course, she started laughing too.

"Oh relax; it's just a little throw up. I'm sure you've puked on yourself before."

So what if I had? It didn't smell anything like this did.

I handed Ryder over, "I'm never having kids!"

Hailey decided to walk in at that moment, "You sure about that big guy?"

Fuck me!

Being back at work this week sucked, but at least it was distracting me for a little while. I started running again every morning, needing to clear my head to get me through the day. CC's mom's house was a little more than two miles from where I lived, so every morning I would get up before dawn, throw on some clothes, grab one of the seashells from CC's collection downstairs and start my run.

The mornings were freezing and it hurt my lungs to breathe in the cold air, but it was refreshing at the same time and it never lasted long once I started sweating. When I made it to CC's house I'd grab the key from under a rock by the front door and let myself in. Elle was normally already up and in the kitchen when I'd get there. She'd peek her head around the corner, see that it was me and give me a nod. That was the all clear sign. I'd make my way upstairs, draw a letter on the shell; place it in front of the door and leave. If CC was awake, Elle would start coughing and I'd quickly shut the door and leave the shell on the porch for her to put it by the door later.

This morning, after my run, I stopped at my mom's before I went into work.

"Morning Ma," I said as I stripped off my sweat soaked sweat shirt.

"I'm making some eggs, do you want some?" she asked from the kitchen.

"No thanks, not really hungry." I answered. I hadn't really been eating all that much since all this shit went down.

"Hunter," Mom said sternly, "You're eating, now get in here." When Mom says something you do it without question.

I grabbed a cup of coffee and took a seat at the breakfast bar. "I need to talk to Jason."

She sighed loudly and dumped the eggs on two plates, then took a seat next to me.

"I know you do. I wish you wouldn't though." she said sadly.

"I need to know that he's not going to come after us, I need to make sure I don't have anything to worry about with Ryder and CC." I didn't want to talk to that dickbag at all, but I knew in order for me to move on I had to.

"I understand." She put her fork down and pushed away from the table before she'd even finished eating.

"Ma, don't worry, everything will be ok."

She stopped and turned to look at me, "I hope so Hunter. I hate that man for what he did to you two; hate what he did to all of us." When she said all of us I knew she meant CC as well.

She left the kitchen; I finished my breakfast alone and then ran back towards home.

As soon as I arrived my phone started ringing.

"Hello?"

"Hey dude. Got any plans this weekend?" Mason asked.

"Ha, are you trying to be funny?" He was always busting my balls and I knew it was his way of making sure I was really ok.

"No, not at all. Look, the guys want to get together and get out of Jersey. Do you think you can see if we can use the house in Tennessee?"

"Hang on. I'll go boot up my laptop and take a look." I walked into the family room where my laptop was sitting on the desk. I wiggled the mouse and typed in the address.

"It's loading now." The rental screen popped up. "It's free until..." my voice trailed off. It was free until I blocked it off for my honeymoon with CC.

"Good, it's free. What time do you get done with work on Friday?" Mason asked.

I was grateful that he hadn't asked what I was about to say. "Friday I get done at three."

"Make sure your bags are packed, we'll swing by and pick you up." I heard some whispering in the background and I figured it was just Mason telling Hailey what was going on.

"Dude, why don't we just go in the morning? We aren't going to get there until after midnight." Who the hell would want to drive on possibly snowy ass roads? "And what about Ryder? I don't see him enough now as it is."

"You aren't going to see him anyway. Hailey is taking CC to the shore house for the weekend."

I was glad that she was getting out, but was a little pissed off that I wouldn't have the chance to see Ryder. "Alright, then I'll be ready."

"Thanks man and don't worry, I'll have plenty of alcohol."

I was sure as hell going to need it.

After I had my talk to Jason and found out the real reason why he was here, I was getting my girl and Ryder back. Not having her with me was slowly killing me and I just couldn't take much more. I wasn't pushing CC to talk to me because I knew she needed the time. I just hoped she could figure out a way to forgive me after this.

28

I had no idea how to contact Jason, but I went to the one person I knew would. After work on Thursday night, I stopped at the hospital. I wasn't sure of Lynn's schedule, but at least I'd be able to find out if she wasn't here.

I went up to the fifth floor and stepped out of the elevator. I shivered from all the memories this floor held for me. I walked up to the nurses' station. There were two nurses, but I didn't recognize either one from the last time I was here.

"Can we help you?" The nurse with the black hair said.

I folded my hands and leaned my elbows on the desk, "Yeah, can you tell me if Lynn is working today?"

The girls exchanged a look, "She's here but actually on break. Do you know where the cafeteria is?" The other, heavy set nurse asked.

"Yes."

"She said she was running down there to grab some dinner, but I'm afraid she's not alone." She explained.

"Oh okay, thanks." I went back to the elevators. Hopefully she's with Jason and I can knock out two birds with one stone.

When I stepped into the cafeteria it was bustling with nurses, doctors and other hospital staff. I grabbed a bottle of water and was looking around for Lynn and possibly Jason. I paid for my water and took a look in the other dining room where I spotted Lynn and Jason in a corner booth.

My hands start to shake with anger, I hated this man. I couldn't stand to look at him. I didn't know how I was going to get through a conversation with him without wanting to punch the shit out of his face.

Lynn spotted me coming in her direction, she said something to Jason and he turned to look at me. He stood as I approached. "Hunter."

"Jason." Dickbag.

I looked over at Lynn who put her head down. Figures.

"Let's go outside and talk, son." Jason said, the smell of cigarettes lingering on him.

"I'm not your son." I seethed.

Jason laughed, "Yes of course, I forgot, your mother got herself pregnant with a bastard child."

I'm glad there's hatred, the feeling's mutual. What my mother ever saw in this ass**le was beyond me. We strode outside and around the building, Lynn chose to come too. Jason sparked up a cigarette, blowing the smoke in my direction. What a dickhead.

He shifted slightly over to my right, "What do you want, Hunter?"

"Why do you keep calling our houses and not saying anything?"

Lynn was shooting daggers at Jason. Hope you know what you're getting yourself into bitch.

"I don't know what you're talking about, that wasn't me." Jason answered.

"I want to know why you're back. What do you want?" I asked.

"I'm not here for you, Jaylinn, or that piece of shit mother of yours."

The anger gripped me and took over; I got up in Jason's face, "Don't talk about Mom like that. She's more of a parent than you'll ever be. Just look at that whore you call a daughter. She damn near killed my fiance and your grandson. Did you know about that, Dad?"

Lynn stepped up and put her hand on Jason's chest and pushed him back a little.

Jason looked at Lynn in confusion, but then asked me, "Is that how her car got wrecked?"

I don't know why he was asking me, "Shouldn't you be asking her that?"

Lynn had her mouth covered with one hand and the other clutched Jason's arm. "Oh my God, Hunter, we had no idea it was her." Lynn said.

"Yeah well, you wouldn't would you? You just pick and choose when you want to be a dad." I spoke to Jason. "And you aren't any better, Lynn. What was with all the flirting and longing looks you were giving me while you were caring for CC?"

Jason looked over at Lynn with disgust. "It wasn't like that, Hunter."

It was my turn to laugh this time, "Could've fooled me. Why do you think CC had your ass kicked out of our house in a week?"

They both just looked at me, putting the events together.

"I need to ask one favor. It's the least you could do after everything you've ever put us through." I glanced over at Lynn, "Make sure he tells you about Jaylinn being na**d in the crib with tape over her mouth. It's a funny story that Dad should tell you."

Lynn gave Jason a questioning look, but he ignored her, "What do you want?"

"Don't ever come near us. Don't try and talk to us. Just disappear like we did on you. If you try to contact any of us, we'll go to the police and confess to Brittany leaving the scene of the accident."

They both shared a look, then Jason regarded me for a few minutes before he spoke, "Fine."

"Make sure you warn Brittany too." I gave them one last look, then turned on my heel and left them standing there.

Now that this situation was handled I needed my family back and I would stop at nothing to get them.

Hailey was on her way over and I hadn't even packed yet, she was going to kill me. Maybe she'd leave me at home. Ha, I could dream right? I figured it'd be easier to pack everything for Ryder first, since he had so much shit that I needed to take.

I was downstairs cleaning out a few bottles when Hailey walked into the kitchen with Mason behind her. "Kenz, are you serious? You're not even packed are you?"

"Almost," I lied. I was only about half way done.

Mason came over and hip checked me, "Go get ready, Hailey's looking forward to this." He reached for the bottle brush.

I sighed, I knew she was. I just really didn't want to go anywhere. "Fine, make sure you scrub them good and put them in the bag on the counter."

I left Mason to clean the rest of the bottles and took off up the stairs with Hailey following close behind me.

"Holy shit! You need all that for three nights?" she asked when she saw all the stuff packed on my bed.

"Yeah and that's only Ryder's stuff. My things are going in that bag." I said as I pointed to my small duffle that sat on my vanity chair.

Hailey grabbed a few things and started lugging them downstairs while I started packing clothes and stuffing them in my bag.

Forty-five minutes later, we were on our way to pick up Jaylinn and Chloe then start our ten hour drive to Tennessee.

Since the house only had two bedrooms, Hailey and I were going to share while Jaylinn and Chloe took the other one. I read most of the way there, not really feeling like participating in the girls' conversation. I daydreamed about spending time here with Hunter on our honeymoon. He had wanted to go to the islands, somewhere warm, while I was happy staying at the house. We'd planned on taking Ryder with us - neither of us wanted to be that far away from him and I was still feeling guilty about having missed his birth.

"Hey." Hailey said, bringing me back to reality.

I looked around and noticed that we'd arrived. "Wow, look at this place."

Everything was snow covered. The branches from the pine trees were hanging low due to the weight of it all. Everything was sparkling; it looked like someone had dumped glitter everywhere.

"I love the winters here." Jaylinn said, coming up behind me with Ryder snuggled in his little snow suit.

I took him from her and walked over to the banister. I freed his little hand, held his little fist to the snow, and as soon as it touched, he clenched his fist a little tighter. "This is snow, Monkey."

Jaylinn walked up behind me, followed by Chloe and Hailey, to unlock door. Ryder and I followed them inside.

"I'm going to get a fire started. Kenz, do you remember where the thermostat is?" Jaylinn asked me.

"Yeah," I walked off to the kitchen to crank the heat and get the chill out of the house.

Chloe and Hailey went back out to Chloe's SUV to grab our stuff. They brought in Ryder's bouncer so I sat him down, covered him up and then went to go help the girls. I needed something to distract me anyway. I was slowly becoming a wreck just looking around the house.

After everything was unloaded and unpacked we sat down to watch movies. After the second film it was nearing midnight, Ryder would need to get his three a.m. feeding so I told the girls I was calling it a night.

It just so happens that I was put in the room where Hunter and I had slept. I knew I wouldn't be getting much sleep, but I at least was going to try and have an hour or so.

I woke up with that damn nightmare again. I was dripping sweat and panting.

"You ok?" Hailey asked from beside me.

Deep breaths Kenz, deep breaths.

"Yeah, I'm fine."

I laid back down after looking over at Ryder sleeping peacefully in his Pack-N-Play. I took a deep breath in and let it out, slowly, "I keep having a stupid nightmare that someone takes Ryder."

It's the first time I've told anyone about having this God awful nightmare.

"Oh Kenz, don't worry. Nothing's going to happen to him." Hailey said as she started rubbing circles on my back.

"I'm just worried that something like what happened to Jaylinn will happen to Ryder. I know it's stupid but it just keeps replaying." I said as the tears started coming again.

Hailey was shushing me while continuing to rub circles on my back, "Don't worry, nothing will happen to him." After a few minutes she spoke again, "I think you need to talk to Hunter, Kenz."

I let out a shuddering breath, "I know and I will. Maybe once we get back."

I didn't need to turn around to know she was smiling. Hailey continued to rub circles on my back until I eventually fell back asleep.

The next morning the girls declared it was makeover day. They'd packed all their nail polish, curling irons, flat irons, sprays, scrubs... You name it they had it packed. Jaylinn had even brought her stuff to chalk your hair.

Hailey was working on painting my toes, Jaylinn was chalking my hair and I was painting my nails while Chloe fed Ryder for me. We were all gossiping and carrying on. I pushed Hunter and everything else to the back of mind, needing this time for myself.

Hours later, after everyone was all dolled up with nowhere to go; we were bored out of our minds. Hailey was antsy because Mason wasn't answering his phone.

"Ok Kenz, I have a game. Jaylinn, I think I saw Battleship. Can you grab that for me?"

What the hell is she up to with that? We haven't played that in years.

"Chloe, would you keep an eye on Ryder for a little bit while Kenz and I play?" Hailey asked her.

I eyed Hailey suspiciously. "Stop that. It's going to be fun."

Jaylinn got the game for Hailey and she went into the kitchen to set it up while I used the bathroom. When I came back out she had the game set up along with two shot glasses and vodka.

"What's that for?" I asked, eyeing the vodka on the table.

She shrugged her shoulder, "Battleshots."

"Are you serious?"

"Sit down, shut up and play with me. It's gonna be fun. Chloe and Jay are on Ryder duty."

Well she had everything covered and I could use a drink, maybe it would help me sleep.

"Every time a ship is hit, a shot has to be taken. That's the only rule change."

"Easy enough," I never lost at this game anyway.

Shit, I was losing and I was getting really wasted. We'd played two rounds and I'd lost both. Hailey was practically sober.

"You set me up." I stated.

Hailey looked around the room, "What are you talking about?"

I started laughing and couldn't stop.

"Okay funny girl, off to bed you go." Hailey helped me to my feet. I was thankful because I couldn't stand on my own. I couldn't feel my legs.

She dumped me on the bed, I laid my head on the pillow and sleep took over.

After I tucked MacKenzie into bed, sometime after one in the morning, I went back downstairs where Jaylinn and Chloe were still waiting for the boys to arrive.

"Battleshot one, Kenz zero." I said snickering, while Jaylinn and Chloe high fived. MacKenzie never caught on to Jaylinn signaling which spots I should choose.

I picked up my phone and dialed Mason.

"Kenz is passed out in bed babe, you almost here?" I asked Mason when he picked up his phone.

"We're pulling up to Hunter's house in ten minutes." I figured Hunter was still awake since Mason didn't ask how I'd managed that.

Operation 'get MacKenzie and Hunter back together' was in full motion.

29

Being stuck in a car with these three guys, listening to the thumping of the radio, was doing nothing for my pounding headache. I'd tried to bail on them but they'd insisted I go.

"Turn here into this driveway." I told Mason. All I wanted to do was go to bed.

When we rounded the bend, I noticed the light on in the house. I didn't think anything of it at first, maybe the cleaning company had left them on. When we got close enough and I saw Chloe's SUV, my head snapped in Mason's direction.

"What the hell are they doing here? You said they were at the shore house."

What the hell? CC's going to take one look at me and freak the hell out.

"Relax, okay? We need you and Kenz to work this shit out, Hunter. You two not talking to each other isn't helping anything." Mason said in a calming voice.

Cooper reached both his hands over either side of the headrest and patted my shoulders. "You need this bro."

I did need this but I wanted it to be on CC's terms, when she was ready to forgive me.

Mason parked the car and they all piled out, I did not. Mason walked over to my side of the car and yanked my door open.

"Let's go, Hunter."

"You're really going to make me go in there and piss her off?" I grabbed my hat off the dash board and put it on backwards.

"Stop fretting. She's passed out." Cooper said standing behind Mason.

If she's passed out, "Who's watching Ryder?"

Mason and Cooper both rolled their eyes. Jackson pushed Mason out of the way and tossed me my bag, "The rest of the girls have him."

We walked inside and the girls were braced on the couch, all three actually looked a little scared.

"I'm not happy about this and neither will she be when she realizes what's going on." I told everyone.

"Sorry Hunter." Jaylinn said softly from the couch. Cooper walked over and sat down next to her.

Mason walked over and perched himself on the other side of Hailey, "I'll take the blame for it when she gets all pissed off." Hailey confessed.

I walked over to the couch, across from Jaylinn and Cooper, took a sleeping Ryder from Chloe and sat down. Everyone's eyes were on me. "What?"

"You're not going to try and leave?" Jackson asked.

I tucked Ryder's hand under the blanket, "No. You guys can all deal with her wrath in the morning and then pay for our motel room when she kicks us out, 'cause you know she's going to."

We all sat around for a while before everyone said they were calling it a night. Cooper and Jaylinn were taking the couch in the game room, Jackson and Chloe took the bedroom upstairs, and Mason and Hailey were going to take the couch across from the one I was sitting on.

The next morning I woke up and decided to try to get a run in. I also decided to avoid CC at all cost in the morning, she hated mornings.

After Hunter snuck out of the house this morning, I woke Hailey up. We went and woke Jackson, Chloe, Cooper and Jaylinn so we could all get the hell out of here while we could.

"I'm going to go wake up Kenz and tell her we are running to town for coffee and taking Ryder with us. I'll be right back." Hailey told us.

We all walked out and piled into the two SUVs and warmed them up while waiting for Hailey and Ryder. A few minutes later she came out with Ryder in his car seat and a huge smile. She got him buckled into the seat behind my chair, next to Cooper and Jaylinn.

"She bought it. Let's get the hell out of here."

The seven of us went into town in search of a diner to get some food. Then we were planning on spending the rest of the day out while Hunter and MacKenzie worked through their shit.

I woke up with a splitting headache. "I'm never drinking again." I mumbled to myself.

After the girls left with Ryder, I climbed out of bed to take a shower, hoping to feel better. When I walked into the bathroom I recognized one of Cooper's shirts on the floor. I didn't think anything of it; Jaylinn had probably slept in it.

Adjusting the temperature of the water I stepped in. I instantly started feeling better. I used the body wash I'd packed, it was Hunter's favorite. I leaned the back of my head against the shower wall, needing a minute to collect myself. I took a couple of deep breaths then finished up my shower. This weekend was supposed to be fun, I'm not going to sit here and cry.

Once I was dressed, makeup on, and my hair was done, I went towards the stairs to see if the girls were back with my coffee yet. I took a step and heard a crunch under my right foot. I looked down and saw 'I'm sorry' spelled out in seashells. I glanced up, looking around for Hunter, but I didn't see him. I bent down to grab one of the shells when I noticed there were more going towards the stairs.

As I walked past the shells I noticed more letters on them. I looked back at the ones I'd already passed and read 'This was'. I took a few more steps, 'not my' I took the last few steps, 'idea'. I got to the top of the stairs and more seashells but no Hunter.

There were fourteen stairs; each held a letter that spelled out 'I'm sorry' twice. I got to the bottom and Hunter was standing in the kitchen, hands in his front pockets, hat backwards, leaning against the counter. His long sleeve T-shirt stretched tight across his broad chest, tattoo peeking out at the collar of his shirt.

"Hi," he said with a sad smile.

I looked up into the blue eyes that I'd missed every damn day that we were apart. I was on the verge of crying, but I didn't want to do it in front of him. "Hi."

"I'm sorry." He said bashfully. I know he is; I can see it in his eyes. We were dealt a shitty hand and Hunter thought he was doing his best to protect Ryder and me.

I huffed, "I read," then looked back towards the steps.

He didn't try to take a step closer and I was thankful for that because I wouldn't be able to form a sentence, let alone think clearly.

"This wasn't my idea. I was ambushed into it just like you. I'll leave as soon as one of them gets back with a car." Hunter explained.

My heart rate sped up. I didn't want him to go.

I shrugged my shoulder. "It's okay, it's your house."

I walked into the kitchen to grab a bottle of water from the fridge.

She was so close, I just wanted to reach out and hold her. She grabbed a bottle of water then went to sit at the kitchen table.

"Where'd you get the shells?" She asked. Figures she'd catch on to that.

"You aren't the only one that collects them, my grandma did too. There's still a box of them downstairs in the storage closet."

Damn she's so beautiful. Long brown hair, clear blue eyes, it was like watching the ocean in her eyes. She was dressed in tight ass jeans and a cream color sweater that hung off her shoulder, showing the milky white skin that I just wanted to kiss. She had light colored makeup on and that gloss stuff that made her lips shimmer.

She shook her head, turned to look the other way and whispered, "I'm sorry too." She looked so broken, so lost. I never wanted to put that look on her face again.

I went and sat across from her at the table; she turned and started playing with the label on her bottle. "You don't have any reason to be sorry, CC. I should've told you from the beginning, I shouldn't have kept something like this from you."

I'd had plenty of time to think about it, every night I would lie awake and think how stupid it was that I hadn't told her. I knew she'd understand; she's the most understanding person I know.

"I'm sorry for the shitty things your father put your family through. No one deserves that." She said as she looked me in the eyes.

I reached across the table and took one of her hands in mine and repeated the words that were tattooed on us, needing her to remember what it meant to us, "I can conquer the world with one hand..."

"As long as you are holding the other," she finished for me.

I pushed my seat back and fell to my knees in front of her, "I love you, CC. Please forgive me." The tears were falling down her cheeks; I reached up and wiped them away. "Please, CC. We can work through this. I want my family back."

She cupped my face with both of her hands and kissed me. I hugged her to me, never wanting to let her go.

We were both breathless when she said, "You have us back Hunter. I can handle things, have faith in me. Don't ever hide things from me again, ever."

"Never."

Shit! I needed to tell her about Lily in case she ever found out.

I sighed, "One thing. After I left you that night I went to the bar. I ran into Lily and she tried to kiss me, she missed and kissed my cheek instead. I got the hell out of there after that."

"Whore." CC grumbled.

I laughed. "I love you, CC."

"I love you too." She kissed me again then whispered in my ear. "Take me upstairs."

She didn't have to tell me twice, I threw her over my shoulder and took the stairs two at a time.

I knew we should go slowly and take time to revel in each other's bodies, but this wasn't one of those times. We both needed it this way.

After we'd completely exhausted each other, we lay there wrapped together, utterly spent. . While we were enjoying the sounds of our breathing, our heartbeats, CC asked, "Why do you love me?"

I gazed into her beautiful eyes and said the only thing that made sense, "Because it's so easy to love you."

Epilogue

Hunter and I decided to push our wedding out until May. We felt like the winter months were tainted. For the last two years running some kind of drama had gone down. First it was Hunter and I fighting to be together, and then Jason showing back up.

Ryder was getting so big and even crawling around and getting into everything. Hunter's mom offered to watch him for us while I went back to college and Hunter was at work. Trying to juggle classes, homework, playing with Ryder, cooking dinner and everything else was hard but we were managing. Hunter and I declared every Friday night as a date night as long as we could find someone to watch Ryder for us. We needed this time to ourselves.

We hadn't heard a word from Jason, Lynn or Brittany since Hunter confronted them. I hoped it stayed that way but I had a feeling it wouldn't.

It was the weekend of my bachelorette party and I let Hailey talk me into pole dancing. We were at my house getting ready for our night out while the guys were over at Jackson's. They were going to the batting cages and then going to the bar afterwards. Mason and Cooper were lucky enough to have this weekend free and we'd planned it so they could be included.

Jaylinn was doing my hair while Hailey and Chloe were getting dressed. "So do you have your letter for Hailey done already?" Jaylinn asked.

"Yup, it's under my pillow."

I'd decided to write Hailey a note listing the top ten reasons why she was my best friend. I'd never be able to thank her and Mason enough for that morning in the mountains.

"Can I read it?" Jaylinn asked.

"Yeah sure," We finished up my hair then locked ourselves in the bathroom so Hailey couldn't sneak up on us.

Jaylinn was teary eyed when she finished. "She's gonna love it."

"No crying, we're too dolled up for that shit. Let's get the hell out of here." I told her.

A few hours later we were finished with our pole dancing lessons. How those strippers did that for a living was beyond me, my legs were sore as shit.

"Let's go meet the guys." I suggested.

"You sure that's a good idea?" Hailey asked.

"Yeah, it's not like there at some strip club." I explained.

I texted Hunter that we were on our way and he said he couldn't wait to see me. When we arrived it was dark, the club music was blasting through the speakers and it was packed.

I spotted him sitting at the bar with Jackson and Cooper so we made our way over.

"Hey baby." I crooned in Hunter's ear.

"Hey sexy," he said as he spun around in his chair. "You want something to drink?"

Chloe ordered her drink while Hailey, Jaylinn and I got water, this whole not being twenty-one shit really sucks.

"Hunter, where's Mase?" Hailey asked.

"He was playing pool." Hunter answered.

"Kenz, can you run to the bathroom with me real quick?" Hailey asked.

"Alright," I kissed Hunter on the cheek and told him I'd be right back.

I figured now was a good time to ask Hailey to stay with me the night before the wedding. We hadn't really talked about the night before but I wanted to make sure it was spent with her. After she finished drying her hands and fixing her hair I handed her the letter. "What are you doing the night before the wedding?"

She eyed me, "What do you mean? I'm staying with you."

I shrugged, "Just wanted to make sure. I want to spend it with my biffy."

"I love you Kenz. That means more than you know."

"Love you too. Now let's go dance."

Hailey held the door open for me but froze suddenly. "Hails, what the hell..."

My words froze in my mouth. Mason was standing in this little nook in the wall with a girl with long tanned legs and stripper heels.

"Mason!" I yelled after I'd slid past Hailey.

Mason jumped back like he was caught doing something he shouldn't, and none other than Lily was standing there. Lipstick smeared on her face.

"What the f**k, Mase?" I yelled.

"It's not what it looks like." He looked over my shoulder, "Hailey, baby, it's not. I was telling her to leave me alone. She's been following me all night."

I did what any best friend would do. I walked up to Lily and punched her straight in the face.

She dropped to the ground covering her mouth. "That's what you get for trying to kiss Hunter and messing with my family."

I turned to grab Hailey who was still holding on to the door and stomped away.

On our way out I told Hunter that I had to take Hailey home and he had to deal with Mason. Then Hailey and I left to go nurse my best friend's heart.

