Prologue

Avery

I'd heard stories of near death experiences, although the tales never seemed to be the same. Some say their life flashed before their eyes. Others claimed they saw nothing. Then there were those who felt more than saw-a new beginning and path for their life.

Me, I saw many things.

My son.

Myself.

My sins.

The stars.

And I also felt.

The feeling wasn't about me, but about another, as if someone was calling out to me, begging me to come back. That they needed my help.

That they were waiting for me.

Then the stars burned out.

And I thought I had died.

But I was wrong.

It was only the stars telling me my story.

Four years earlier...

Chapter 1

The beginning of the end.

Avery

Life is confusing.

Life is hard.

Life is... life.

I wish life was more. I wish it was like dreams, the happy daydreams I have all the time whenever I'm gazing up at the night sky, eagerly waiting to make a wish on a shooting star. It's something I do every night, but my wishes have yet to come true.

Still I wait.

Keep trying.

Because if I don't have stars and wishes then I have nothing.

When I was younger, I often wondered if the stars were trying to whisper a secret to me, maybe about the world or about my life. But that might have been me searching for unreal answers, instead of facing the real truth.

Because even now, I don't like the real truth.

The truth is loud.

The truth is ugly.

The truth is hard.

The truth is there's a reason why I search for answers in the stars-because it's the last thing my father ever told me. And I've held on to that notion because letting go of it means letting go of the dream that one day life will get better.

"Whenever you're confused, Avery," he said before he gave me a final hug goodbye. I'd been lying in bed, the stars shining brightly outside my window. I can remember staring up at them as he wrapped me in his arms. "Just look up at the stars. They have the answers. They'll guide you to a better life."

"Really?" I asked, glancing hopefully at the midnight sky outside my window. "Is that what you do?"

He nodded. "All the time. You're a good girl, Avery. A dreamer, like me. Always hold onto that." He seemed sad before he walked away, never to return, leaving me with so many unanswered questions, ones the stars never reply to no matter how hard I stare at them.

Deep down, I know that the stars won't ever answer me, that it's about as possible as my wishes coming true. It's nice to dream, though, otherwise I only have reality.

Like right now.

Music screams from my rooftop where I'm perched, attempting to focus on the vivid stars sparkling in the darkened sky instead of what's going on in the neighborhood. But it's difficult.

It's always difficult.

A full-on rager is going on next door. It's well past four o'clock in the morning but the people who live in the nearby houses don't give a damn about the noise. It's the main rule in The Subs-the nickname for the rough side of town where I live. I won't complain about your shenanigans, and in return, you won't complain about mine. That rule makes the area sketchy. There are always parties going on. Loudness. Little huddles. Exchanges taking place on the corners of streets. Everyone seems to be in on the sketchiness, including my mother who is having her own party downstairs at this very moment.

The nineties grunge music she listens to is clashing with the neighbor's deafening emo/rock and the combination is starting to give me a headache. At sixteen-years-old, I feel more like an adult than the person who's supposed to be raising me and teaching me life lessons. Instead, she acts like a teenager and I can't help wishing I can get out of this place and away from her.

"What do you think?" I ask the stars illuminating the charcoal sky. "Will I ever get out of here?"

They twinkle but don't offer me a real answer. They do offer me a sense of peace, though, which is what I need right now.

That and direction.

"Turn the fucking music back on!" The sounds of angry voices cause me to cringe.

"Okay, thanks," I mutter. "But for future reference, that wasn't direction. Just noise."

Deciding that it's time to retreat back into my bedroom so I can go to bed and dream for real, I stand up and walk across the edge of the rooftop toward my bedroom window.

"Hey, Avery! Mind doing me a favor!" My neighbor Zack hollers as I'm about two steps away from making it inside.

So close.

Sighing, I turn back around. Zack is standing on the space of grass between our driveways, smoking a cigarette. Zack is a senior at the same school as me, and while we talk a lot to one another, we're not really friends. It's difficult to have any real friends or a boyfriend for that matter when I have to spend time juggling bills and keeping an eye on my little brother and druggie mother. I do, however, know Zack well enough to ask about his favors before agreeing to do them.

"Depends on what that favor is," I call back down to him as I move cautiously to the edge of the roof and peer down at him.

He slyly grins up at me from the ground. "You know me too well Avery," he says and I'm pretty sure he winks at me, but it's too dark to tell for sure. "But this time the favor is innocent. I just need to borrow your stereo system."

I cup my hands around my mouth and holler back at him. "My mom's using it. Sorry."

His grin crumbles as people grow restless inside his house, banging and shouting and destroying furniture. "Can you just go check?" he pleads with me. "She might not be using it anymore." He pauses. "Or she could be passed out by now."

I loathe that he knows that about my mother, but the entire neighborhood does, along with half the Carrisonville County Police Department since they receive a call out here on a regular basis.

"Fine. Give me a few minutes." I glide my window open and duck into my room. It's late August so the air is breezy outside, but with no air-conditioning in the house it feels like a sauna inside. I have to slip off my jacket before I do anything else. Then I grab a tie to pull up my tangled mess of long brown hair before I cross the room and open the door. The music is turned up louder than I thought and I sigh, knowing Zack is right-that everyone is probably passed out by now.

On my way to the stairway, I crack a door open and peek in on my younger brother, Jax. His bedroom light is off, but I wouldn't be surprised if he's fake sleeping. At twelve years old, Jax has been exposed to the harsh reality of our home life at way too young of an age, just like I was-still am. And just like me, he tries his best to pretend that he's anywhere but here.

"Jax, are you okay?" I whisper through the crack.

A moment goes by before he responds. "If they're passed out," he mutters sleepily, "could you turn the music off? It's too loud to sleep through."

I hate that he knows what I know about my mother. Hate that he has to go through this. Hate that I do too. But one day I will get us out of here-I promised him that and I vow to keep that promise. Besides, I have plans; graduating high school, going to college, getting a career either in astronomy or something else I enjoy. I will create a life where I can pay my bills and live in a nice home, in a good environment. I won't turn out like my mother.

"Okay," I tell Jax. "I'll see what I can do, but if it's too bad you can always use your earplugs."

"I hate them... They hurt my ears."

"Sorry, Jax. I really am." It's all I can think of to say to him. "I'll try my best to get the music turned off."

He doesn't say anything else so I close his door before starting down the stairs. I kick some empty beer bottles out of the way as I head down. At the bottom stair, I pick up an ashtray before veering left into the kitchen. I set the ashtray down on the counter that's overflowing with trash then suck in a deep breath and turn around to enter the living room.

Music slams against my chest the second I endeavor over the threshold. The sound is so deafening that my eardrums feel like they're bleeding. And the smell... The smell is the worst, like people who haven't showered for days crammed into a room bursting with the foul stench of cigarette smoke mixed with gallons of alcohol.

The sight... God, the sight is nearly indescribable. There are six of them today, some half-dressed, some fully dressed, but all of them look like corpses. Even my dreamer side can't make anything out of reality other than what it is. I have to force myself to walk around and check that they're all still breathing and haven't died. Once I'm satisfied that their chests are moving, I pad over to the stereo in the corner of the room on the floor, making sure not to step on any syringes on my way there.

I unplug the speakers and the music clicks off. Then I collect the stereo, relief washing over me when no one wakes up. Holding my breath, I sprint back across the living room and bolt out the front door into the fresh night air, the screen door banging shut behind me. I rush to the sidewalk and toward Zack's house, but halfway there, my foot catches on the cord. With no shoes on, I end up stubbing my toe.

"Dammit," I curse as warm blood oozes from the scrape. I start to set the stereo down so I can inspect the damage.

"Need help with that?"

My head whips up at the sound of a deep male voice. A tall, sturdy looking guy is watching me from the end of my driveway, beside the fence and beneath the stars.

"No, I'm good," I tell him, gathering the stereo in my arms and backing away toward my house.

"You're taking that to Zack's, right?" Enough light floats over from Zack's house that I can tell the unfamiliar guy is staring at me.

"I was going to..." My gaze dances back and forth between the guy and my home as I debate whether to duck back inside or not.

"I could carry it for you." He moves toward me and I counter his movement with a step backward. He halts then elevates his hands in front of him. "I promise I don't bite."

I hesitate, torn between being polite and being overly safe. "It's not that I think you bite..." I cast a glance at the rundown houses surrounding us. Some are boarded up, while others are starting to crack and fall apart, like mine. "It's just that it's late and this neighborhood is ... Well, this neighborhood, and I don't know you. For all I know, you could be a creepy pervert."

He chuckles. "Well, I'm not. My name's Conner and I'm an acquaintance of Zack's and not from this neighborhood." I can tell he's smiling even though I can't actually see his mouth. "See, now you know me." When he starts to head toward me again, I shuffle back, still skittish and untrusting.

"Well, Conner, it's been a pleasure, but I need to go." I spin for the stairs to my house. "Tell Zack if he wants the stereo he can come over and get it."

"Avery, what the hell is taking you so long?" Zack asks from seemingly out of nowhere. "I just got a beer bottle thrown at me because of your slow ass."

I reel back around. Zack is standing in the middle of the lawn and a few feet in front of the Conner guy, who's now chatting with some other person from the party.

"I was hurrying as fast as I can," I lie to Zack. "Sorry."

"Why? I sent Conner out here to help you." Zack frowns as he steps into the porch light.

I sigh, feeling silly. "Yeah, sorry, but I didn't know who he was."

"Always so cautious," Zack says with a lazy grin. "You need to loosen up more, Avery."

I note his glazed eyes, his blonde hair sticking up straight, and that goofy lopsided grin he always has whenever he's been toking up. "You're stoned." I hate that he does it, hate drugs and alcohol. Never do them myself, but I've also seen the ugliest side of substance abuse.

Zack shrugs, softly laughing. "Just a little bit. Sorry."

"You suck." I shift to the bottom of the stairs, quickly glancing over at Conner, who is looking at me again. "Here. It's all yours. I'm going to bed." I hand Zack the stereo then turn back to go inside, even though part of me doesn't want to, doesn't want to have to go back into the smell and the rotting.

"Wait," Zack calls out. "The speakers."

"Don't you have your own?" I ask, gripping onto the railing.

"No, the whole thing got trashed during a fight just barely... damn drunk assholes landed on it."

I sigh for the millionth time tonight and look back at him. "I'm way too nice to you, Zachery."

He rolls his eyes at my usage of his full name, but then he gives me a goofy stoner grin. "That's because you secretly like me, Avery."

I roll my eyes. The last thing I will ever do is date a guy from The Subs because I'm not going to end up here like my mother. I will do everything in my power never to let that happen.

Sucking in a deep breath, I rush back into my house and into the living room. This time I'm in such a hurry I almost step on a syringe, but thankfully, I'm able to dodge around it. I struggle to get the large speakers in my arms before I maneuver around the people passed out on the floor and make my way to the front door, bursting outside and into the cool night.

And right into a warm, solid figure.

There's a loud smack as we collide. I trip back and into the screen door, banging my elbow against the metal and dropping one of the speakers onto the cement.

"Shit, are you okay?" Conner rushes to my aid, but all that does is make me snap back upright and target him with a warning look. "Sorry." He backs up with his hands surrendered in front of him. "I was just seeing if you were okay."

As the porch light shines down on him, I can now see his features clearly. In height, he's got me by about five inches, putting him at about six two. He has broad shoulders, well-shaped arms, sandy brown hair, and bright green eyes. Dressed in a crisp polo shirt and tan cargo shorts, with skin lacking piercings and ink, the guy screams preppy boy and not from around here, but far, far away where I've never been before. I'll admit it's got me curious because he's different from my norm.

Is he the stars answering my wish?

Take me away from here, please.

I blink, shaking the absurd thought from my mind. "I'm fine," I tell Conner as I lean against the door, hugging the speaker to my chest.

A lopsided grin tugs at his lips as he lowers his hands to his sides. "Zack told me to stay over here and make sure you didn't need any help bringing the speakers over."

I look down at the speaker in my arms and then at the one on the ground beside my feet. "I'm good, but thanks."

"I can carry one for you if you want," he offers, reaching for the speaker in my arms.

I hesitate, but then hand it over anyway. "Thank you."

He takes the speaker from me and then moves for the one I dropped. Once he gets both of them situated in his arms, he smiles at me again, this time in a much flirtier manner. "I take thank you payments in the form of walks to the next door neighbor's house."

The cautious girl in me frowns.

But the dreamer girl's heart skips a beat.

Leaving me both nervous and confused.

"I don't even know you." I fold my arms across my chest, very aware that I'm not wearing a bra and that it's super chilly outside. But Conner isn't looking down at my breasts. No, his blue-eyed gaze is fixed on mine, which makes me warm up to him more.

"Of course you do." He's amused. "I'm Conner, remember? I introduced myself when you insinuated that I might be a creepy pervert."

I smash my lips together so I won't laugh at his joke. "How do you know Zack?"

His smile never falters. "We work at the same place together."

"Which is?"

"Down at Wellings Electronics."

"You work as a cashier with Zack?"

"More like a manager position." He says it with a straight face, appearing to be telling the truth, but still...

"Give me one minute." I open the screen door and run back inside, holding my breath before I barrel past the living room and up the stairs to my bedroom. I hurry and put on my jacket then grab my can of mace from my nightstand drawer. Then I slip on my flip-flops and tuck the mace into my pocket before dashing back outside.

Conner is waiting for me at the bottom of the steps when I get there, confidence written all over him.

"I can only be gone like fifteen minutes tops," I tell him, trotting down the stairs.

"Got an early morning?" he asks as we cross the lawn and head down the sidewalk toward Zack's house.

"No, I just don't want to leave my younger brother home for too long."

He stops just short of the border of Zack's property and glances back at my house. "Oh shit. Is he there by himself?" He looks like he feels bad and it makes me like him that much more.

I keep walking, motioning for him to continue moving. "No, but I need to be around, you know?"

He nods, even though I'm not sure he gets the full meaning of what I'm saying. "All right, I'll clock it." He awkwardly shifts his arm so he can check the time on his watch. "We'll make sure you're back in fifteen."

I smile a real smile for the first time tonight, and he grins back, making me feel all warm inside.

"You've got a cute smile," he says with sincerity.

"And you're cute, being my alarm clock," I tease, a nervous habit of mine.

"You know I'd be flattered if it wasn't for the fact that your voice was dripping with sarcasm." He shoots me a playful grin as we make a right up Zack's driveway, which is crawling with intoxicated people and reminds me so much of home that I almost back away.

Shoving back my need to flee, I say, "You should still be flattered." I push my way through the crowd and to the side door of Zack's house. "I usually don't give people sarcasm."

Conner laughs as he elbows a staggering drunk guy out of the way. "Good to know. I'll have to think of some more lines to get you going."

I roll my eyes, yet I'm smiling to myself as I open the screen door and hold it open for Conner to walk inside. When he steps in, his gaze swiftly scrolls up and down my body.

I'm flattered that he's checking me out. But I'm unsure how to feel about my reaction. For most of my teenage years, I've never really spent too much time thinking about the opposite sex. Yes, I've made out with a few here and there at a couple of parties I've been to, but I'm still a virgin. Conner, he kind of looks like a datable guy, if I had time to date...

I have to wonder, though, if I'm just acting this way because he's attractive, seems like a gentleman, and doesn't look like he belongs in this neighborhood. I've never met anyone with all three of those characteristics, and I'll admit it's got me curious. Maybe this is what I've been waiting around for.

"Why are you staring at me like that?" Conner asks, cocking his brow at me.

I shrug and let the screen door slam shut behind us. "Do you know where Zack sets up the stereo?" I ask, avoiding his question. "Or do you need me to lead the way?"

He restrains a grin, adjusting the speakers in his arms. "I think I'm going to need you to lead the way."

I elevate my brows at him. "I think you just want to check out my ass."

His smile slips through. "Okay, you caught me."

I narrow my eyes, but it's a flirtatious gesture. Then I make my way through the sea of drunk, high, and sweaty bodies to Zack's living room. The room is trashed, the furniture either cracked or broken, and Zack is in the corner, smoking a joint.

"You know, one of these days, your dad's going to get upset about the mess," I tell Zack as I approach him.

Zack's eyes light up when he spots me emerging. He removes the joint from his lips, smoke snaking the air as he lets out a breath. Then he hands the joint to a guy next to him, who has his back to me and a hood pulled over his head.

"You know that'll never happen," Zack says. "It would require him coming home."

Poor Zack. His dad is gone to who knows where for weeks at a time and it's been that way forever. And his mom is upstairs, probably doped up on so many pills she can't even remember her own name.

"Here, I'll take those." Zack takes the speakers from Conner then sets them on the floor beside the stereo where he plugs them in.

Moments later, music blasts through the room and vibrates the floor. The party guests match the noise while the guy next to Zack wanders over to the sofa and flops down miserably.

My head begins to throb. It's not that I hate music. I love it when it's done correctly, like say when I'm in my room studying. But parties and music is a bad combo for me. Ever since I can remember, my mother has blared music right before she gets high and it's like an omen for me.

Conner notes my expression and leans in. "Let's spend the"-he glances at his watch-"the last eleven minutes outside, okay?"

I'm not sure if this guy is for real or not but if he is, I think I might be a goner. He's got me feeling that pull, like I do with the stars, only it's different-less calming and more terrifyingly thrilling.

"You don't want to stay in and party?" I question skeptically.

"Nah, not really my thing."

I follow him back through the mob, which has gone crazy because of the music, jumping up and down and shouting with enthusiasm. By the time we make it outdoors again, my ears are ringing and my skin is damp with sweat.

"Parties aren't really my thing either." I zip up my jacket as I take a seat on the steps in front of Zack's house.

Conner sits down beside me; not too close that I feel uncomfortable, but enough that I'm aware of his close proximity. Then he stretches out his legs and rests back on his hands. "So I guess we have something in common."

"If you don't like parties, then why are you here?" I ask skeptically.

He shrugs. "Zack invited me at work today, and I thought I'd check it out."

"You mean check out what a party over in The Subs is like?"

"I'd be lying if I said I wasn't curious about what goes on over here... if it's that different like everyone says."

"And what's your conclusion? Is it any different from wherever you're from?"

"It's definitely different." He studies the stars while I study him. When he glances at me, I hurry and look away at the road. "So tell me about yourself, Avery."

I pick at my fingernails. "There's not much to tell." I motion around us without looking up from my hands, very ashamed at the moment of where I come from and who I am. "This is about it for me."

"Not about where you live," he says. "I mean, about you. What kinds of stuff do you like to do?"

I'm not sure anyone's ever asked me to talk about myself before. Usually I get asked questions like, do you know where I can buy some? Do you want a hit? What's your drug of choice? And whenever I answer no to all three-because I refuse to do drugs-I always get the same unfathomable look.

"I don't know." I shrug. "I like astronomy."

A pucker forms at Conner's brow. "Like the study of stars?"

"Yeah, and my favorite subject in school is math, so I guess in a way I like numbers and stars. I'm in an AP math class. They're both kind of my thing I guess. That and accounting." It's how I manage to pay the bills with the limited amount of cash flow we have. "You're shocked," I remark. "Admit it. You thought I was going to say something cliche like art or I'm in a band."

His gaze is relentless but I refuse to look away from him. "I'll admit it," he says. "I'm surprised, but I wouldn't go as far as shocked. Looks can be really misleading."

I nod, allowing myself to check him out. Just a quick glance. Nothing that would mean too much. "They sure are, creepy pervert guy. Now it's your turn. Tell me something you like to do."

He contemplates my demand with a thoughtful expression. "I like working on cars."

"Really?" It sounds like something the guys around here would say so I'm a bit surprised and kind of disappointed.

He nods then leans in, motioning me to come closer too. I find myself easily obeying him and notice right away that he doesn't smell like smoke or booze, but like soap and aftershave. It's an unfamiliar yet wonderfully welcoming smell and I breathe the delicious scent in.

"Can you keep a secret?" he whispers.

I nod. "I can."

"I have a few cars at home. Really nice ones actually," he says. "But don't tell anyone. I have a reputation to uphold while I'm here."

"Why? Are you afraid they'll"-I peek back at Zack's house-"kidnap you and hold you for ransom for these alleged cars?" I'm only half-kidding.

His breath warms my cheek as he chuckles. "Maybe. It depends on who they are."

"I'm not really sure," I say then laugh, slanting away from him even though part of me doesn't want to. "This conversation is starting to go over my head."

"Mine, too," he agrees, reclining back on his hands and returning his concentration to the stars. "You know, if you want, I could show you my cars sometime."

"Is that your way of asking me out?" I ask, glancing up at the stars myself, searching for a sign amongst them that this is where I'm supposed to be. But again, all they do is sparkle. "Because you should know I'm not that into cars."

He presses his hand to his heart, feigning being offended. "Ouch. Hit me where it counts." He lowers his hand, grinning. "So what do you say?"

"To what?"

"To a date."

"I don't even know you."

"Sure you do. I'm Conner, the not creepy pervert who works with Zack and likes cars."

I shake my head, battling back a smile so I won't encourage him more. "I don't have time for dating," I say, sounding sadder than I intended to.

"How old are you?" he wonders, eyeing me over.

"Sixteen." I match his move and eye him back. "How old are you?"

"Sixteen." He rubs his jawline while he muses. "Look at that. We're meant for each other."

"I don't believe people are meant for each other." I'm trying to be serious but he's making it complicated.

He opens his mouth to say something else, but then his eyes drift down to his watch. "Shit, I need to get you home. Your fifteen minutes are up."

My heart warms at the fact that he kept his word. And he gets extra brownie points when he keeps his hands to himself while he walks me to the door. He only touches me when I'm about to head up the stairs, lightly grazing his fingers across my arm.

"So you never answered my question," he says, stuffing his hands into his pockets.

"About what?"

"About going on a date with me."

I feel the briefest pang of disappointment. "Sorry, but I don't have time for dates." I start to turn for the stairs, but he captures my arm.

"I'll take whatever time you'll give," he says, pulling away when I face him again. "Even if it's just another fifteen minutes."

I'm about to list off a million reasons why I can't. My brother needs me. My mother needs to be watched. The bills need paid. The house needs to be taken care of. Plus, I don't know him so therefore can't trust him. And I need to trust him. But through the mental list, I find myself nodding, telling myself that I can spare enough time for one date. That I deserve it for all the stuff I do. And despite how hard it is to admit it, I like Conner and can see potential trust there.

"All right, Conner you have a date." I look up at the stars, seeking a sign, an answer of approval in the only place I can.

But the sun is rising and the stars are no longer in the sky, leaving me to figure out my own answers.

Chapter 2

The beginning of when my life stood still.

Tristan

I've become the poster child for disappointment. Sixteen years old and I'll never amount to anything, something my mother reminds me of every day. It's depressing. But life is tragically depressing already. No friends. Failing school. Sucking at sports. Seeing the disappointment in my parents' eyes every time they look at me. We don't want you anymore. We never did. It's the same look I'm getting now.

"You're always doing this," my mother says, looking like she wished I'd just disappear. "Messing stuff up. You'll never get anywhere in life, if you keep acting like this."

I'm sitting on my bed, trying to find the will to catch up on the countless assignments I'm behind on. But even if I got straight A's like I used to in middle school, I'd never be good enough for my parents.

"What do you want from me?" I shut the textbook I've been staring at for the last few hours, having accomplished nothing. "I'm doing my best."

She snorts a laugh as she looks at me with disdain. "Well, that's just tragic then." Her words eat away at me but not as much as the next thing she says. "I'm done with you, Tristan. Seriously, there's no point in trying anymore. You'll always screw up."

"Then why do you keep trying?" I know it's pointless to argue with her, but I get sick of repeatedly hearing the same thing. In fact, I heard her whispering to my dad a few weeks ago about how grateful she was that she has my older sister Ryder, otherwise she'd be left with me and that would be just tragic. I have to give her the benefit of the doubt though, because she didn't know I was out in the hallway listening. Still, it stung.

Badly.

"Because I'm a mother, and I have to keep trying." She shakes her head. "Why can't you just be more like Ryder and do something with your life?"

"Because I'm not her. And I never can be her." It's the truth. My sister is talented at both sports and school. 4.0 GPA. Motivated. On the path to college. To a successful life.

A happy life.

"You don't have to be her, but I wish you'd be..." She pulls a face at my grungy clothes and general lack of caring about my appearance. "Something at least." She pauses as if waiting for me to defend myself. But what'd be the point? What she says is true-I'm a lost cause. "I don't even want to look at you anymore." She exasperatedly throws up her hands then storms out of my room, the same thing she's been doing for months.

A little while later, Ryder sticks her head into my room. "You set her off again. Way to go."

"It's not that hard to do," I mutter, staring at my textbook.

"You could try harder, Tristan," she retorts, "instead of moping around all the time. Life isn't that bad."

"That's easy for you to say." I look at her and her perfection, briefly loathing her for it. "You're not completely alone. You have friends and shit."

"And you're not alone either," she replies then walks away.

The house gets really quiet for about twenty minutes before I hear it.

The thing I don't understand.

Haven't felt in a while.

Happiness and love.

My mother and father are laughing with Ryder about something, which they do a lot. My father doesn't necessarily scold me like my mother does, but he always seems disappointed in me for the things I'll never be. And Ryder, well I barely know her anymore, not since I became the family disappointment and she became the star.

I get up from my bed and head in the direction of the thing I'm unfamiliar with. The three of them are sitting around the table, eating dinner. Laughter fills their conversation. Smiles. Happiness. No one seems to notice that I haven't joined them, and they haven't set a place for me at the table. I feel like I'm not a part of their family, but not just because they all seemed happy and content with my absence, it's my looks too.

My blonde hair and blue eyes in no way resemble their brown hair and green eyes. Sometimes I wonder if maybe I was adopted. Maybe that's why they don't like me, because I'm not their flesh and blood. But who exactly am I? Who exactly are they? I'm unsure.

I haven't been sure since I turned thirteen and everyone decided they didn't want to be my friend anymore at school. A few months later, I was diagnosed with depression after I stopped doing... Well, everything. Even with medication, I couldn't quite find my place in the world anymore. Honestly, I don't know if the diagnosis is right or if the doctor just wanted to find something that would explain my lack of dedication for life and my parents' general disappointment in it.

I don't know why, but it just seemed like everyone was suddenly walking forward in a straight line while I was moving against them in an unsteady and crooked path that no one else could see. And the more I stayed on that path, the more my family, and everyone else, didn't want me around anymore.

I became invisible.

I'm not certain how long I stand in the hallway, observing my family eating dinner but it's long enough for my mother to glance up and look right through me.

Guess I really am invisible.

After another couple of laughs, I decide it's time to leave. I backtrack to my room to grab my wallet and car keys then head for the front door.

"Be back by ten," my mother calls out without looking in my direction. "I mean it, Tristan. If you're late this time then..."

Then what?

She never finishes.

I jerk open the door and walk outside. Then I drive and drive and drive until I end up in a town over an hour away. I'm not even sure what compels me to go there. I know why other people go there-to get high. I used to fear places like these but my fear's been dwindling lately.

I can't feel very much fear anymore.

In fact, I don't really feel anything.

I end up parking at a gas station and climbing out of the car when a few guys stroll by, heading inside. One of them I know from school. I say hi and they wave back. And just like that, everything changes.

"I know you, right?" A guy named Clayson says it. He's in the same grade as me, but the other two are older I think.

I shove my hands into my pockets. "Yeah, I go to school with you. We're in the same English class."

"Oh, right," He nods his head, but clearly he doesn't remember who I am.

One of the older guys reaches into his jacket and retrieves a bottle of alcohol. He twists off the lid, takes a swig, then passes it to the next guy. When they've all drank from the bottle, Clayson offers me a drink.

"You cool?" he asks as he extends the bottle to me.

I've been drunk a couple of times and have gotten high on my mom's pills she keeps stashed in her purse, so I barely hesitate before grabbing the bottle and sipping from it. I fight not to gag from the burn as I hand the bottle back. Things start moving in a different direction after that.

We end up going to a party out in the middle of a dilapidated neighborhood. I'm drunk by the time we arrive and am more chatty than usual. The night seems to get darker the later it gets, alcohol turning to drugs.

"You want a hit?" the guy having the party asks me as he holds a joint in my direction, the pungent smoke funneling through the air.

I haven't caught his name yet and I'm so drunk I can barely tell what he looks like, let alone where I am or what's going on around me. I should hate the feeling. I really should.

But I don't.

Hate it.

Just like I don't feel.

Anything.

I end up taking my first hit without too much thought. For the briefest moment, when the smoke singes my lungs, I swear my life stands still. There is no future, no past, no worry, no hate, just motionless darkness and me in the center of it, like a star in the universe.

I just took my very first hit.

I've officially done drugs.

What does that make me?

Bad?

Good?

Nothing?

Rowdy music plays from a stereo, shrieking lyrics that mix with my thoughts.

Why can't I figure out who I am?

Another toke then another, wishing I could stop feeling the damn emptiness and loneliness eating away at me. Maybe that's why I keep going, keep taking hit after hit. Maybe I'm searching for a way to fill the void. Or maybe I'm just trying to speed up the dying process. Who really knows at this point since my mind is too far gone.

Suddenly, the music stops and cursing takes its place.

But I don't move.

Why am I here?

Time is endless.

I am endless.

Life is endless.

I'm an endless disappointment.

Where am I even going in life?

"Dude, did you hear anything I just said?" The voice jolts me out of my thoughts.

I'm sprawled out on a tattered plaid sofa, straight out of the seventies, with the hood of my jacket pulled over my head and my eyes fixed on the stained ceiling. Smoke filters the room and saturates my lungs and the drugs burn deep inside my chest and veins. I'm not sure how long I've been there, how many minutes have ticked by since I've dazed off, but nothing seems to have changed since then.

"No." My voice is an echo and I wonder if I even said it aloud. Maybe it's just me having a conversation with myself.

But then a guy with bloodshot, bleary eyes and shaggy hair appears in my vision. He has a smile on his face that says his life just stood still for a moment too. "You've been lying there for like three hours."

"What?" Through the haziness inside my brain, I realize there's a fuller meaning. It's been three hours. I glance at the clock and then jump from the sofa. "Shit, I was supposed to be home like two hours ago."

The guy laughs at me. I don't get what's so funny, just like I can't remember his name.

"Just chill, okay," he says. "You're already late, so you might as well make the most of it."

I should care. Why don't I care? What does that say about me as a person?

I check my phone for messages and see that there's not so much as a missed call from anyone. As the loneliness crawls under my skin again, I sit back down, deciding to stay.

The first call or text from my parents is when I'll rush home.

The guy sinks down on the sofa across from mine as I put my phone away and blink around at the room crammed with people. Beer bottles litter the floor and from somewhere in the house, I hear people shouting about turning the music back on.

"I wish you'd have just let me stay in my daze," I tell the guy. Then his name comes back to me-Zack, the person who lives here and offered me the joint. "I was enjoying myself." But now I'm not. Now reality is creeping back in and there's a ton of noise.

"Well, here then." Zack picks up a joint from an ashtray on the cracked coffee table then he takes a hit and roams to the corner of the room to open the window. "Come take another hit and you should drift off again."

I hesitate. I know drugs are bad, know that I'm not supposed to be doing them, know better. It's the same thoughts I had when I took the first hit. But then comes another stream of thoughts. What does it matter? No one cares. Just check your phone. Besides, you're welcome here.

I stand up and join Zack in the corner, gazing out the window at the stars as I put the joint up to my lips. I practically hack up my lungs with the first inhale just like I did the first time. It's not quite as intense the second time around, though.

Zack laughs at me, but then takes another drag himself. The cycle continues again, until I'm so far gone I can barely feel the people in the room around me. There's a ton of them, I know that, but it feels like I'm the only one. That no one can see me. That I barely exist again.

Maybe I do.

Maybe the last few hours were just a facade.

Zack turns around when some girl walks up to him. He starts chatting to her about a stereo and I can tell by his flirty tone that he's attracted to her. I can't see through all the fog in my head to tell if she's hot or not though. All I can see is hazel eyes that subtly notice me and for the briefest second, I think maybe I do exist. That even though most girls don't notice me, this one does. But her fleeting gaze is the only detail I can pick out about her and then I'm swimming in nothingness again.

I become nothing again.

Finally, my mind gets so cloudy, I go lie down. The room quiets, along with my thoughts. The routine continues. A pattern is formed. Take a hit. Zone off. Check phone. Nothing. Take a hit. Zone off. Check phone. Nothing. Over and over again. In the end, my parents never call and when morning rolls around, I'm so out of it I feel like shit, barely able to move. I try to tell myself that if someone would have just called-showed me they cared-then I would have stopped. But I know that's a lie. Deep down, I know that the moment I chose to take the first hit, not only did my life standstill, it crumbled, taking whoever I was with it. That my life was never going to be the same again.

Six years later...

(Present day)

Chapter 3

I feel so old.

Avery

Life is confusing.

Life is hard.

Life is... life.

But life is also living life and even though I struggle every day, I try to stay positive that I'm breathing and my heart is beating.

Stay positive that I'm still alive and able to breathe.

Tonight is a little more difficult than others to maintain this mindset. I have beer on my shirt, a welt on my cheek from some guy clocking me in the face with his elbow, my jeans are torn and my entire body is achy. Usually, I'm more tolerant during Sunday night outings, but tonight, the music is too noisy, the crowd too rambunctious, and I'm exhausted from the all-nighter I pulled the night before to study.

At twenty-two years old, I feel more like thirty-five. Whether to act my actual age or act the age I should be based on the responsibilities I have of being a single mother is always a constant battle within me. This is something my friend Charissa doesn't understand.

"Avery, where the hell's your enthusiasm tonight?!" Charissa calls out from over the cheering crowd while bouncing up and down with an amount of energy I envy. We're at The Golden Element House, at a concert. Only one band has played and we still have three more to listen to, but I'm yawning already. "You're usually more energetic than this when we go out."

That's because I'm not fun Avery tonight.

I'm worried Avery.

I'm mother Avery.

I just had to leave my invisible supermom cape at home.

Which I feel guilty about.

Always do.

"Sorry! I'm just super tired tonight!" I check the time on my watch and sigh because it's exactly one minute later than the last time I looked. "And I look like shit," I say. "I really should just go home. Mason's sick and my head isn't into this anyway."

She aims a manicured finger at me. "No way, Missy. You aren't bailing out on me tonight." She smiles brightly. "And you look great."

Easy for her to say. With her body-hugging black dress, curly blond hair that probably took two hours to style, and flawless makeup, she looks like she just walked off the runway. Me, I'm in jeans and the same black tank top I've been wearing for three days straight because I can't find time to do laundry. I can't wait until summer semester is over, then I only have two more to make it through before I get that little piece of paper that will hopefully give me the future I've been planning on having since I was sixteen, even if I got off the path for a while.

I'm back on it now though.

"Sorry, but I warned you I wasn't going to be much fun." I inch in my elbows as a guy squeezes by me. He ends up spilling beer on my boots and then offers to buy me a drink as an 'I'm sorry.'

"Yeah, I don't drink," I tell him, hoping he'll take the clue that I'm not interested-that I'm not interested in any guy here.

He doesn't pick up on my offish vibe though, instead grinning. "Well, how about a glass of water, then?" He stares at my breasts when he says it.

I cross my arms over my chest. "Sorry, but you're barking up the wrong tree."

He glances from Charissa to me than his grin expands. "Oh, are you two..."

This isn't the first time someone's thought I was a lesbian, and I'm sure it won't be the last. "Yeah, we are."

Charissa chokes on her drink, spitting some onto the floor. "No we're not," she sputters, sending the guy an apologetic look before narrowing her eyes at me. "Why do you do that?"

I shrug as the guy stalks off, muttering something under his breath. "It keeps them away."

She sighs. "All guys aren't bad, and if you don't stop thinking that way, you're going to end up alone."

There's no point in responding. Charissa hardly knows anything about my past nor do I feel close enough to her to explain why I will end up alone, at least when it comes to having any kind of a relationship with the opposite sex. If she did know everything about my past, the truth about Conner, how my father abandoned me, she wouldn't be trying to convince me that all guys aren't bad-she'd be trying to convince herself. Besides, I decided that day, when by some miracle I got another chance at life, that I was going to do better this time. That I had to. Not just for Mason and myself, but because I felt there was a reason why I came back. Saw something waiting for me in the darkness of the stars.

"You know what you need to do?" Charissa leans in and lowers her voice as she peeks over at a group of guys near us. "You need to get laid and I'm betting one of them could help with that."

"No, I don't." Yeah, my vagina hasn't been used in so long it's probably dusty, but sex isn't a priority-can't be.

I know arguing with Charissa is useless, though. She is twenty-three, works part time at the same bar as me called The Vibe, and it's her only job other than going to school. That's about it for her responsibilities and I'm happy for her. Envy her even. But it makes explaining my life problems to her complicated.

"Oh, come on, Avery, you can't shut every guy out," she says. "For all you know, one of them could be the one."

"No, they can't."

She shakes her head disappointedly. "Look, just relax, okay? If you're still not feeling it by midnight, you can leave and I won't utter a word." She glances over at the tallest of the frat guys. His hair is combed, his face freshly shaven, his jeans and button shirt obviously clean. He's clearly checking me out, yet I feel zero attraction to him.

"I have a feeling you're going to want to stay all night," Charissa muses with assurance.

"Doubtful." But I decide to tolerate Charissa and attempt to be cheery Avery tonight, despite my exhaustion and worry. "I'll stay for one hour." I check the time. Only fifty-eight more minutes to go.

About two minutes later, Charissa's friend Alyssia joins us and I feel like even more of a slob standing by the two of them. But I attempt to be as fun as I can and try not to check my phone every two minutes because I'm worried about Mason and the fever he had when I left tonight. I jump up and down while the band plays and do this awesome vanishing into the crowd act when Frat Boy gets the balls to head in my direction. I decline all drinks aimed my way because it's a necessity these days. I'm a recovering alcoholic for over two years and plan on making that number increase forever.

I put on a great show for Charissa, convincing her I'm having a blast, which in a way I do. But only half my mind is at the concert, the other half back at home with the bills and finals and my son. At midnight on the dot, I turn away from the fantasy world I know can never fully be mine and head back to reality.

"Wait, you're seriously leaving?!" Charissa hollers at me, fanning her hand in front of her face, her cheeks flushed with sweat.

I offer her an apologetic look then shrug as I mouth, Sorry, but I have to go.

She folds her arms, pissed off as she reels back around toward the stage. She'll get over it, though, by the time we both are at work on Monday.

I shove my way through the crowd and out the front door, heading for my car at the rear of the parking lot. As the humid summer air soaks my skin, I inhale the freshness while I light up a cigarette. A bad habit of mine, but I do it when I'm really stressed, which is every day.

"Nice night, right?" A gangly, thin-faced guy asks as I pass by him. He's leaning against the trunk of a car with his arms crossed, his gaze drinking me in like an alcoholic does with a bottle. Moments later I recognize him as one of Conner's buddies.

"Actually, it's pretty shitty," I say without missing a step as I fumble for my keys.

"Hey, wait," he calls out, striding after me.

My fingers drift to my pocket, just to make sure I have my mace on me.

"I know you, don't I?" he says. "You're Conner's chick."

Shit. Shit. Shit.

I jog to my car and unlock the door, trying to disregard the nauseating feeling in the pit of my stomach.

"I'm no one's chick. Never was." That's a lie, more directed to myself than the guy. Because it's hard to accept what I was-what I became.

He sneers as he slows to a halt just behind me. "Clever, but you get what I mean. You and Conner Wellings, you're married, right?"

I jerk open the door then scowl over my shoulder at him. "Isn't it pretty obvious I don't want to talk to you?"

"Hey, I was just being friendly," he snaps, the friendliness in his tone vanishing. "You don't need to be so bitchy about it, Avery."

The fact that he knows my name bothers me. The last thing I need is for word to get back to Conner that I was hanging around at The Golden Element House because he'll start assuming things just like he used to do all the damn time while we were married. He just got out of jail for the second time and sooner or later he's going to show up-always does. I just hope it's later rather than sooner this time.

"Yes, I do." And I don't even feel bad about being bitchy, not just because he knows Conner, but because chatting to him breaks my number one rule in life:

No guys.

Ever.

And I never break that exception.

Ever.

Ever.

Ever.

Okay, that's a lie. I broke the exception once in the past two years since I made the rule. It happened three months ago when my house was being finished up and I met a guy who was helping build it. His name was Tristan.

I didn't get to know him well enough to catch his last name. Just like I didn't do anything except give him a quick kiss on the lips after he kind of saved me from a very heated argument with Conner. It took a lot of balls on Tristan's part, especially since Conner ended up grazing Tristan's side with a knife. I haven't seen Tristan since then, our paths never crossing again, but it doesn't mean I've forgotten him. It's not often I meet a guy who makes me question if not all guys are bad. Plus it seemed like Tristan was supposed to be one of those people who was meant to come into my life, even if it was for a fleeting moment.

At least that's the reason I keep giving myself.

I don't like to admit it but there was a little more to it than that. That all chivalry aside, I'd also felt a momentary pull with Tristan. Not the same thrilling and terrifying pull that I used to feel with Conner, but in a different way. A way I'm not even sure I can describe other than it was as if that night we came together just so he could help me and in return I could help him. I can't help wondering if he's doing okay now. If he's gotten clean.

I think about it a lot actually.

Every day.

Even though I try not to.

But I see him.

In my dreams sometimes.

And think about him.

During the day.

Wonder all the time what he's doing.

And if he's okay.

"You know, if I were you, I'd be really careful what you say to me," the guy says in a deep tone, shifting closer and startling me from my thoughts. "Because I could go back and tell Conner I saw you here tonight." His breath reeks like whiskey and his pungent body odor burns my nostrils. "He'd be really upset to know you've been out partying. In fact, I'm pretty sure he's been wanting to know what you're been up to, considering he was in jail because of you. I know he's been dying to find out what your life is like."

I ball my hands into fists, battling the need to spit out a comeback. Without saying another word, I climb into my rustic red Jeep and drive off. I make my journey home trying not to think about the bills, about my job, school, my five-year-old son, Conner and the threat the guy made in the parking lot, but my problems are all I can think about.

How the hell did I get here?

I know the answer. See it every night when I look up at the stars.

It's painful to retrace every step that led me to this place, steps that I took myself. But I don't hate my life, just wish things could be easier. It could have been so much easier if I did everything the right way instead of backwards.

By the time I pull into my driveway, I'm bawling, nearing hysteria, worried that at any moment, Conner's going to show up, a concern that's haunted me for years. I don't go inside right away. I give myself five minutes to cry my eyes out, alone, in the silence of my vehicle where no one can see me or my problems. Then, when my eyes have dried, I drag my ass out of the car, knowing as soon as I step foot into my house I'm no longer the priority anymore.

My home is fairly small, but quaint, with plain cream walls and a standard kitchen. I love it because it has a strong roof and walls. I only moved into it just under three months ago and called it the beginning of my new beginning. It was actually built by Habitat for Humanity and I'm going to help build a house starting Monday to repay them for building my home.

"Hey, you're home early." My brother Jax is sprawled across the living room sofa with a thick textbook propped up on his chest. He's been living with me for over a year now ever since our mother disappeared. No one knows where she went or what happened to her, but I wouldn't be surprised if she was lying dead in a ditch somewhere.

I like having Jax here with me, not just for the company but because it means he's no longer living in that shitty house with my cracked out mother and whatever man she's hooking up with. I honestly don't know what I'm going to do when he starts moving on with his life, but I'll figure it out-I always do. And I'm glad Jax is doing things the forward way in life, I just wish I didn't have to rely on his help so much.

"Yeah, I got tired." I drop the keys on the table then plop down in the recliner. "And I was worried about Mason's fever."

"You're always tired." Jax sets the book down on the coffee table as he sits up. "And I texted you like fifty times telling you Mason was okay."

"Yeah, I know... I didn't sleep very well last night. Must be nerves or something over building a house," I lie because it's not that-it was finals, and working more hours at the bar while managing to build a house at the same time. I've become a juggler again just like I was at sixteen, only it's my own responsibilities this time instead of our mother's.

"You know, I could help with that," Jax offers with a yawn. "Either help with the house building thing or get a second job or ask for more hours to help pay bills."

He's such a sweet kid. You'd never think he came out of our mother. But Jax looks a little like me... Well, at least enough that some people can tell we're related. He has a similar shade of brown hair and hazel eye color, which are traits of our mother. His nose is definitely more prominent than mine because we don't have the same father, even though my mother was living with my father at the time she had Jax.

My mother goes through men like she goes through drugs, with casualness and zero regard for the consequences. It got her a total of who knows how many children. She was almost forty when she brought me into the world, and I know for a fact she had more children before me, but only because she rambled about it once when she was high. When I'd asked her where all her kids were, she'd muttered something about being with their fathers. When I'd asked her why my father didn't take me with him, she'd told me it was because I was unwanted.

"I don't want you having to work anymore hours unless it's put toward college." My head wobbles back against the recliner, so close to falling asleep.

"What if I don't want to go to college? What if I decided I'd rather do something else?"

"You're going. There is no other option."

"Yes, mother," he jokes but then we both pause because I'm pretty much like Jax's mom and have been since I was four years-old when our mother gave birth to him.

He looks like he wants to say more, maybe about our mother, but then zips his lips, deciding against it. I often wonder if he thinks about her and why she's missing. One of these days we'll probably get a phone call from the police saying they found her dead. But we never really talk about it, avoiding the painful truth of why Jax is really here with me.

"You should go to bed," I yawn. "Get some sleep before work tomorrow."

He nods. "Oh, and just so you know, Mason likes peas now."

With a lot of effort, I lift my head up. "Really? How'd you manage that?"

"I told him they'd help him get strong like all those super heroes he's obsessed with." He starts for the hall but then pauses, looking at me. "I'm kind of envious of him and his wild imagination. You're doing good Avery. Way, way better than what we had."

I crack a smile because it means a lot. "Thanks, Jax."

He returns my smile. "You're welcome." Then he disappears into the hallway, and moments later, I hear his bedroom door shut.

It takes me at least fifteen minutes before I drag my ass off the couch and kiss Mason goodnight, then I go into my room. I peel off my filthy clothes, slip on a pair of pajamas, and flop down on the bed with my guitar. I thrum the strings quietly and not very well, but learning how to play became part of my new life-the one after my death and Conner.

I've been exhausted all night, and like usual, the moment I set the guitar down and attempt to go to sleep, my eyes won't shut. It's been that way since that day a little over two years ago when my entire life-my entire world-changed.

The day I died.

The day my life started over.

The day I got a second chance.

But what that second chance is, I'm still searching for.

Finally, I can't take my restlessness anymore and I end up going into the bathroom to take a half of a sleeping pill. I hate that I have to take it, but know there isn't really a choice-I need to get some sleep. As soon as I swallow the pill, I hit a state of panic as I wait for it to kick in.

To calm myself down, I wander into the kitchen and sit cross-legged on the floor, right in front of the sink. Then I open the cupboard and read the note on the inside that's written by the guy I made the exception for.

Avery,

I'm not sure if you're okay, but I hope so. I know this is probably weird, some guy you met for like two seconds writing on your kitchen cupboard, but I just wanted to say that I hope you find the place where you can breathe, to where your soul can thrive again, to where you can be free, to where you can live again.... I never really did see the rest of the tattoo, so I'm not sure. Maybe you already have. I hope so.

It was nice meeting you. Hopefully, one day our paths will cross again.

Tristan.

a.k.a the Pretty Boy

The note always makes me smile, because it's sweet, innocent, with no strings attached. In another life, I would have ended up with a guy just as sweet and who remained sweet even when things went to shit. Reading Tristan's words always brings me comfort and I'm allowed to grasp onto them because Tristan is untouchable and I'll never get caught up in dreamland with him.

As I stare at the note, I end up drifting to sleep on the kitchen floor, feeling content. But that contentment floats away the moment my eyes close.

Fire. Smoke. I'm burning alive. I can't breathe.

Even though it takes a lot of energy, I manage to force my eyelids open from the memories. I've been dreaming the same thing since the night before it became a memory. The dream didn't happen the exact same way but it was similar enough to be a forewarning. Or maybe it wasn't so much a forewarning but my subconscious understanding that eventually that's where my life would end up. That I could ignore the truth all I wanted, but in the end, all that rage was only going to end in flames.

But somehow I survived. A survivor of a lot. I even tattooed it on my forearm along with a cross.

Survivor.

But why did I survive?

Life?

Conner?

Myself?

Always the same questions bouncing around in my head with never a real answer.

So I look up at the stars that are just outside the window.

What were you trying to tell me that night? Why did I come back?

Like always, my only response is the sound of my beating heart, leaving me to interpret what I will with it.

Chapter 4

I feel like no one sometimes.

Tristan

I'm woken up by the sound of chirping birds, the smell of stale coffee, and a ridiculously cheery song being sung.

"Good morning sunshine, good-bye asshole," Nova sings and Quinton laughs, all smiles and happiness as if they're sniffing roses and skipping on rainbows.

"If that's meant for me, it's not funny." I throw a pillow over my head to block out the sunlight and their cheery, lovey-dovey talk. It's bad enough that I have to share a motel room with the two of them, but the sound of them kissing is maddening.

It's not that I don't enjoy their company. I do. And I have nothing against them even with our complicated past. Quinton is actually my cousin who was involved in an accident that killed my sister Ryder, something that my parents blame Quinton for because he was the driver. Me, I don't like holding on to that kind of anger because it's draining and too time consuming, nor do I ever want to be like my parents. Plus, it's not going to bring Ryder back, even though I think my mother might believe otherwise.

Besides, Quinton's not a bad guy. He's had a shitty last few years because of the accident. Years full of drugs, homelessness, and self-destruction. In a lot of ways he's like me, only he has darker reasons to do drugs, yet he still seems to have an easier time adjusting to life without them. Me, I struggle with my sobriety every damn day. When I'm sober, life is harder than when I'm high. When I'm sober, I feel more alone than when I'm high.

When I'm sober, I feel lost.

Plus, I don't have a Nova by my side-the most positive person on the planet. I used to believe I was in love her, but I think I might have just been searching for love to see if it existed. I've pretty much moved past that now, and the belief that anyone will love me, but it doesn't mean I like the sound of them making out.

"Would you two knock that shit off?" I grumble as I throw the pillow at them.

Nova laughs as she catches the pillow then chucks it back at me. "You should really listen to my lyrics," she says as the pillow lands on the bed in front of me. Then she plasters on a huge smile, her blue eyes sparkling. "Good morning sunshine, good-bye asshole. It's your new motto in life."

"Are you calling me an asshole?" I ask as I sit up, yawning and stretching.

She suddenly looks worried. "Sorry, but you kind of were last night."

Quinton nods in agreement as he sips his coffee. "Yes, you were."

I stretch my arms out. "Yeah, sorry about that. It wasn't you two. It was just... stuff."

They give me a look, the one they get when they're concerned that I'm about to go do a line or shoot up. The look is probably justified, but it still annoys me.

"I'm going for a run." I toss the blankets off, grab some clean clothes from my duffel bag, and change in the bathroom. Then I head outside to take my morning jog, something I've been doing for the last three months in a desperate attempt to replace my drug addiction with sweat and exhaustion.

I let my legs carry me as I sprint down the side of the road. And sprint. And sprint. My feet try to outrun my past and thoughts of drugs, but my sins nip at my heels. By the time I return, I'm dripping in sweat, my shirt is drenched, my limbs ache, yet I still feel my thoughts drifting to drugs.

"Jesus, you look like you went for a swim," Nova says when I trudge inside, panting and a little dizzy. "Are you okay?"

"I'm fine." Before either of them can say anything else, I lock myself in the bathroom.

I really wish they'd stop looking at me like that. It doesn't help me stay clean, nor does it erase the last couple months of living back at home in Star Grove. I only visited because my mother begged me to be present for when Ryder's new tombstone got put on her grave. There was already one on it, but my mother decided Ryder needed a larger stone with a more elaborate inscription. As much as I needed to visit Ryder's grave, I wish I'd never gone back. Because it wasn't just about going home. It was about returning to the past.

The past is never good, and the visit left me more ruined than I already was, clawing at the edge of the cliff, ready to fall again. I'm really starting to question if I can be one of those people who stay clean for the rest of their lives. I've had to go through detox twice already and the idea of snorting a line still makes my mouth salivate. I crave the numbness. Crave the desolation from my mother's final look before I left. The one that silently said: Why couldn't it have been you that night in the car with Quinton.

But I haven't broken yet.

I want to, though.

Even if it means severe consequences.

Consequences I'm too familiar with.

Like the Hepatitis that took six months of treatment to get cured of. Then there was the day I almost overdosed. Part of me wishes I'd never come back, but the other part of me knows I begged for a second chance, begged for someone to help me find my way back. Not sure if anyone heard me, but I'm alive. As for the finding my way back part...

I feel so lost all the time.

All are reasons to just say no.

But I want to say yes.

It's always there, an echo in my mind, calling out to me.

Yes.

Yes.

Yes.

Telling me that I don't have a reason to stop.

Nothing.

Nothing.

Nothing.

I'm a lonely bastard.

Sighing, I put on my work jeans and then tug an old T-shirt over my head. Then I force myself to be as happy as possible as I return to Nova and Quinton, but it's not easy.

By the time we're walking to the site where the home is being built, just a little over a mile away, I'm wishing I never came back to North Carolina in the first place. It's not like I've ever been into building houses or devoting my life to a good cause. Habitat for Humanity is Nova and Quinton's thing, and I'm just the tag along, but I didn't have anything else to do. I'm taking a few online courses and that's about it. That's my life.

I haven't even had sex in over four months, but that's because I haven't been in any crackhouses, which is where I've always done hookups. That's the thing with me. When I'm sober, my life just sort of stands still and when I'm high, I become someone else who doesn't feel like such an invisible fuck up. Even if that someone is a cracked-out asshole falling into an empty abyss, it sometimes feels better to be someone that exists enough to fall into an abyss.

"You know what we should do?" Nova asks, ripping me from my thoughts.

My boots scuff against the gravel on the side of the road as I glance up to Nova. She's in front of me, holding hands with Quinton, and looking over her shoulder at me.

"What's with the staring?" I ask.

Her smile is as bright as the sun. Always is. "I was thinking that after we go find jobs tonight, we should go see Avery."

"Who's Avery?" I play dumb, not wanting Nova to notice my lack of enthusiasm about getting a job or my excitement at the mention of Avery. I don't even want to notice my excitement over Avery. Don't want to acknowledge that during our brief encounter three months ago, Avery managed to get under my skin more than Nova used to do.

If I'm being honest with myself, I'd admit I haven't stopped thinking about Avery since the first and only time we hung out. She's one of the most fascinating people I've crossed paths with, and the fact that I was able to talk to her without being under the influence says a lot about her.

At first I'd thought Avery seemed super happy, then I got a glimpse of something that could only be described as ugly when Conner, her ex-husband, showed up and yelled at her. I intervened and to this day I still don't know why.

The intervening wasn't where Avery really left the deep, unforgettable mark on my memory, though. That came at the end of the night when she'd found the bag of crystal I'd been carrying and had accidentally dropped it. Instead of ignoring it or being disgusted by my behavior, she'd given me a choice.

Take it.

Or not.

I'd chosen the 'or not' and am still choosing it for reasons that are unclear. Part of me wanted to explore the whole Avery infatuation I was starting to develop because it had to mean something, especially if she could think of me as someone other than the fucked-up, ex-druggie. And she kissed me that night... without wanting drugs or sex in return, nor was I asking her for drugs. That had never happened to me before.

I went looking for her the next day to ask her questions about that night, questions I still think about all the time.

Is she okay?

How did she end up with a guy like Conner?

Who is Avery?

Why did she have the no guy rule?

Why did she look at me with no judgment?

And I mean really look at me?

I think about it every day and every night.

I wonder all the time what she's doing.

Wonder if she ever thinks about me.

If she still sees me.

I never did find her, though, and I've painfully learned that sometimes things aren't better left unsaid.

"Don't play dumb with me, Tristan." Nova gives me a hard stare. "I know you remember who Avery is."

I tap my finger on my lip, still feigning stupidity. "Nope, not ringing a bell, but then again, a lot of chicks have been through my life. Sometimes it's hard to keep them straight."

She rolls her eyes. "You know I know you're a lot of talk, right? That you're really a nice guy underneath that asshole demeanor." She turns around and shuffles backwards to face me. "And I have moments that prove it-moments where you were a super nice guy."

Quinton's looking straight ahead at the desolate road and squinting against the sunlight, his shoulders vibrating, probably from laughing his ass off while attempting to do it in silence.

I pretend to be more irate than I am. "Okay, so what if I know who you're talking about? It doesn't mean I'm going to go see her again. We hung out for one night." Just one. "I barely know her." True. "You can't have feelings for someone you don't even know." You just can't.

"Who said anything about having feelings for her?" Nova asks and Quinton, who no longer able to hold it in, busts up laughing.

"Oh, shut up." I gently shove him and he trips over his shoelaces, continuing to laugh.

"And so what if you hardly know her? You two seemed to hit it off really well and sometimes that says a lot." She glances at Quinton when she says it, which I don't get because the two of them didn't hit it off right away. It took them forever and it was a messy, ugly, and brutal journey that I kind of drifted through with them.

"Just because I hit it off with someone, doesn't mean I want to do anything about it." The sun peaks in the sky and starts to beam down on us so I pull my sunglasses over my eyes. "People go in and out of my life all the time."

"Yeah, but sometimes people come into your life and stay there," she presses, probably referring to how I've managed to stay in her life for a few years. Then she threads her fingers through Quinton's. In response, he grips onto her hand tightly. "And I don't care what you want to do. I'm going to see Avery." Her grin expands and then she spins on her heels, leaving me to drift back to my thoughts.

Regardless of what Nova thinks, I won't ever have what her and Quinton have, no matter how much I secretly wish I could. It just isn't in the cards for me. After years and years of being alone, rejected, and used, I've come to the realization that I'm just not that kind of person-the kind someone wants long term. I've come to terms with that and am fine with it.

That's what I have to remind myself when we walk up to the worksite ten minutes later and Avery is standing in front of the foundation, talking to Wilson, the foreman. I barely get a glimpse of her and it's only a side view, but it's still enough for me to recollect how attractive she is, way more attractive than the women I'm used to hooking up with.

Her brown hair with a purple streak in the front is pulled up into a ponytail, and the diamond above her full lips reflects in the sunlight. Tight jeans hug her legs and that ass... that ass is hot. Her skin is covered with ink, on the back of her thigh, her arm, her neck. Even now I find myself wishing to see every detail of her tattoos. Her lips are ridiculously soft too, which I know from the one kiss we shared. One amazing kiss that marked my lips, like the scar, the good kind, connected to a good memory.

Avery saw me that night.

But it can never be more.

Can it?

The fact that I ask myself the last question means I should keep my distance from Avery. No guy rule. She has a no guy rule. And you already got too attached. Do you want to relive the whole Nova thing again?

Instead of walking over to Avery and saying hi like I desperately want to, I duck around to the back area of the foundation.

Out of sight. Out of mind.

If only that were true.

Chapter 5

Burnt eggs equal a bad sign for the day.

Avery

The lyrics to one of my favorite rock songs wake me from my deep slumber. As I come out of dreamland, for a brief instant, I swear I'm going to wake up in my old bedroom, surrounded by patched walls and a leaky ceiling. But the memory fades as I blink the sleepiness from my eyes and reach for my phone that's on my nightstand.

A number I don't recognize flashes across the screen as the ringtone continues to play. I'd guess it has something to do with my mother, since we've been waiting around to hear a phone call that the police found her dead or alive, but the area code is unrecognizable. I hesitate before answering.

"Hello?" I ask tiredly as I sit up in my bed and stretch my free arm above my head.

The sound of breathing fills the line and a cold shiver slithers through my body. Conner. I remember the threat the guy made last night. It has to be Conner. I have no idea where he's calling from. Nor do I care as long as it's far, far away from here.

"Conner if that's you, you're not supposed to be calling me," I say edgily. "The restraining order says so."

The caller catches their breath and then the line goes dead.

Sighing with the weight of the world on my shoulders, I end the call and set my phone down. I knew this was probably coming since he got out of jail recently-the harassing phone calls and then eventually he'll start trying to meet up with me in person. That's what he does, refusing to let me go even though he hated when he had me.

Frustrated, I haul my butt out of bed and wander into the kitchen to cook breakfast. Cracking eggs and mixing pancake batter busies me enough that I don't obsess too much about the phone call. Eventually Mason, my five-year-old son, comes wandering in, dressed for school, courtesy of Jax's help I'm sure. I help him get seated with crayons and a coloring book while I finish cooking. But my cooking skills have never been stellar.

"Fucking shit that hurts!" I jerk my hand away from the scalding pan and it slams to the floor. Eggs splatter across the tile floor and smoke fills the air as the fire alarms sirens off. For a moment, I just stare at the mess, wondering if it's a sign of how bad this day is going to go.

"Mommy said fucking shit!" Mason cries out as he scribbles in his coloring book.

I don't have time to scold him as the pain from the burn hits my finger. I turn off the oven, dash to the kitchen sink, and flip the cold water on. Then I shove my finger under and breathe in relief as the cold water soothes my soon-to-be blistered skin.

"Mason, you shouldn't say those words," Jax shouts over the sirens of the fire detectors as he enters the kitchen. He takes one look at the smoke in the air, the burnt eggs and pan on the floor, and his eyes widen. "What the hel... heck were you trying to do exactly?"

I shut the water off, open a window to let the smoke out, then coddle my finger in my other hand. "I was cooking breakfast." I grit my teeth as the fire alarms still go off. I can't stand the sound of them, just like I can't stand the stench of the smoke in the air. It reminds me too much of that day. The day that I don't like to think about, but can never allow myself to stop thinking about it.

"I thought we made an agreement after the burger fiasco of last summer that you wouldn't cook anymore," Jax says, ruffling Mason's hair as he glances down at the coloring book. "Good job, buddy. You're really staying in the lines."

I frown at the eggs spilled around my bare feet and attempt to ignore the throbbing headache I'm getting. "I was trying to do something nice for you for your first day of school."

He grabs a box of Pop Tarts from the pantry. "Avery, I'm going to college, not kindergarten."

"Well, Mason's in kindergarten." I get the broom and dustpan from the washroom. "And the eggs were for him too." While I start to clean up my mess, the smoke detectors finally silence. I settle down as the smoke clears too.

Jax hands Mason a Pop Tart then takes one himself. "Well, from now on let's just leave the cooking to me. And let me clean up the rest of the mess," he says, glancing at the disaster I've made in the kitchen; spilt milk, cracked egg shells, and yolk on the counter.

"You already do too much." I empty the dust pan into the garbage then put the broom away.

He chews on the Pop Tart. "I could have said that to you while we were growing up, so go get your ass ready and let me do this."

I huff in frustration, but it's directed more toward myself than Jax. Then I cross the kitchen and give Mason a quick kiss on the forehead. "No more swearing," I say, before I hurry down the hallway to my bedroom to change, moving quickly because my day is going to be hectic. I have to drop off Mason at school then Jax at the college before heading over to the next town to start building a home. I have exactly four hours of contribution time before I have to drive back to town, leave the Jeep at the college so Jax has transportation to pick up Mason from school while I take the bus to and from work. Then when I get home, I'll spend time online taking my finals.

It's going to be a long day.

I decide on a pair of frayed shorts and a black tank top long enough to cover all of the scars from that night, ones I never want anyone to see. The one on my throat I can't do anything about but it's faded enough that hardly anyone seems to notice.

After I finished getting dressed, I quickly run a brush through my long brown hair. Despite my grungy clothes and bags under my eyes, I still have signs of youth in me. That is, if I don't look too hard. A purple streak at the front of my brown hair that runs all the way down my back because I refuse to cut it-ever-and I have a piercing above my top lip along with the fresh collection of tattoos. It's part of the reason why I ink and pierce my skin and dye my hair-to feel as young as my driver's license assures me I am.

I don't bother putting on any make up except for a dab of kohl liner around my hazel eyes, which will melt off within the hour. Then I grab my bag and return to the kitchen. As promised, Jax has the mess cleaned up and he and Mason are waiting with their backpacks, ready to go.

"What would I do without you two?" I ask.

Mason runs up and wraps his arms around my waist, hugging me tightly. It's moments like these that make every single terrible thing I've been through worth it, even my marriage to Conner.

"Probably lose your mind," Jax states. Then the two of them laugh their asses off as we head out of the house and pile into the Jeep.

We start the ten minute drive to Mason's elementary school, listening to the cheery sounds of a soundtrack to one of Mason's favorite cartoons that features a bouncing dragon or cow or something else bouncy. The positive tunes put a grin on Mason's face and make me want to punch the dragon/cow and tell him the magical life of rainbows and pots of gold he's promising children is a lie. One thing's for sure, I'm going to do everything in my power to make sure Mason has a way better life than Jax and I had.

I park out front and run Mason into his class. By the time I make it back to the car, Jax is smoking. Both of us were probably addicted to nicotine before we even started smoking. I'd scold him for doing it, but then I'd be a hypocrite, so I crack my window, light up, and then change the song before I lose my mind.

"Buttons" by The Weeks clicks on as I pull out of the school lot and Jax and I take a moment to be irresponsible youngin's who can enjoy listening to music and not have to let it be tied to our past. It's not until I get to the college that it hits me. This icky, festering need to bawl my eyes out, like I did a week ago when I dropped Mason off for kindergarten. It's not that I'm sad. Not at all. Yes, it's a little depressing that Jax's all grown up, but most of it comes from the proud fact that he's going to college at eighteen.

Jax senses my impending waterworks. "Now don't go there, Avery," he says. "We all have to grow up someday."

"But I swear you were just a baby like yesterday," I whine, glad I have my sunglasses on because my eyes are bubbling with tears.

"You sound like you're forty years old right now." He teases with a shake of his head.

"Sorry." I suck back the tears with a giant sniffle. "It's just that it sometimes kind of feels like you're my kid and I'm... I'm just so proud of you."

The humor vanishes from his eyes and we exchange a look of mutual understanding before he leans over and pulls me in for an emotional hug. "I wouldn't be here if it wasn't for you," he says and I can tell he means every word. Sometimes I think it's the reason I came back that night, because Jax needed me to help him get here. But I know that's not the only reason, can feel it in my bones, saw it in the darkness that night, heard it through the silent whisper before life was breathed into me again.

Help me.

I'm here for more than that. My penance, I've decided, for what happened. For the choices I made. If I could just figure it out then perhaps life would be easier.

I stop fighting the tears and let them pour out as Jax gets out of the car. "I'll text you when I drop off the car," I call out. He waves before closing the door and I watch him walk up to the arched main entrance of the campus before driving away.

As I'm pulling out onto the street, the tormenting gaslight flicks on so I turn into a gas station. I check my account balance on my phone after I park next to the pump. I have just under fifty bucks and payday isn't for a week.

"Dammit," I mutter, mentally calculating how much gas I should put in. I decide on ten dollars which is barely a few gallons. It'll barely cover the next couple of days and it means I'm going to have to find an extra resource for money when I get home.

Thirty minutes and another cigarette later, I arrive at the piece of property the Habitat for Humanity house is being built on. It's located in the next town over from where I live, in a quiet subdivision, the exact opposite of The Subs. It puts a smile on my face, remembering what it was like when my own place was being built. But my happiness dissipates when I see all the tools scattered around on the ground and near the foundation, and the workers who clearly look like they know what they're doing. And me, well I don't think I've even picked up a hammer in my life. That doesn't mean I'm going to get scared away, though. I'm way tougher than that.

At least that's what I tell myself as I fix my runny mascara before getting out of my vehicle and crossing the dirt, making my way to a guy who's carrying a clipboard and wearing a hard hat who I'm assuming is the foreman.

You can do this, Avery.

Turns out, my positivity was a clear overshot because the kitchen fiasco pretty much sums up the first half of the morning. I drop a hammer on my toe, bash my thumb, break one of the boards, and spill nails on the ground. I'd be handling it just fine, except there's this guy who's not even in charge, but keeps chewing me out every time I mess up and all the people around us stare every time he raises his voice. Six years ago, I'd be able to handle a guy having a tizzy tantrum, but these days, every yell sets me off like the fire alarms did this morning. I hate when people raise their voices even more than I despise loud music and chaos.

"Would you chill out," I say in as calm of a voice as I can muster. I bend over to pick up the nails with the asshole's shadow casting over me. "I'm trying my best."

He's about two inches shorter than me, in his thirties, at least fifty pounds overweight, and has a stick up his ass apparently.

"I'll stop yelling at you girlie when you stop fucking up." He continues getting louder every time he talks down to me.

My hands tremble. I'm not afraid or anything, but it's a nervous tick I've developed over the last six years that emerges every time someone raises their voice to me-at least when a guy does.

"Really? Girlie?" I roll my eyes at him as I stand up, tucking a handful of nails back into my tool belt, realizing that we've drawn a little audience. "Seriously, who says that except sexist assholes with a short guy complex?"

A condescending look rises on his face and then he starts name bashing the crap out of me. It only takes about ten seconds before I have to drop the hammer and leave, otherwise I'll lose my shit.

Tears sting at my eyes as I dash toward the outhouses near the fence line. I can feel stares following me until I lock myself in the bathroom. Then I give myself exactly one minute to cry.

One minute. That's all.

"Get your shit together, Avery," I whisper. "That guy isn't Conner. He doesn't matter, just like the past doesn't matter. You have a new beginning which rarely happens and you need to make the most of it." I suck in a deep breath and finally get the tears to subside. Then I head out, wishing I hadn't put on the eyeliner because I look like a hot mess.

Wiping the smeared liner from the bottom of my eyes with my fingertips, I step into the sunlight and the busy sounds of power tools. I'm not watching where I'm going and end up running right into someone, my chest hitting their very sweaty one.

I have a flashback.

Not a good one.

And I almost run the other way.

Instead, I stumble back because someone pulls me forward, creating this strange push/pull balance. At first, I'm not sure what's causing it, but then I realize that the person I crashed into has grabbed my arm to steady me.

"Shit, I'm sorry." I regain my balance before I glance up at them. Then I trip over my feet again. "Tristan?" I'm at a loss for words as I stare into the sky blue eyes that belong to the guy who wrote the note I read every night.

The one exception guy.

The guy I've been telling myself was just one of those people who was meant to go in and out of my life. But now that he's here in front of me, I have to wonder if I've been wrong.

He takes a good look at me and then recognition clicks. He seems a little startled but not as much as he should be, which makes me wonder if he noticed me earlier.

"Are you okay?" Tristan asks concernedly.

I stare at him speechlessly. He's here and it's so... Well, I'm not sure what it is yet.

"Yeah, I'm fine," I manage to get out.

He looks the same; blonde hair, sky-blue eyes with a hint of darkness in them, and right now, a little bit of uneasiness. The only difference between now and three months ago is that he's scruffy around the jawline, like he's in the early stages of growing a beard. He's also much more underdressed than the last time I saw him, wearing a pair of worn-in jeans, work boots, and a tool belt that sits on his narrow hips. I never got to see his chest the first time we were acquainted and I find myself thinking what a shame that was as my gaze scrolls over his muscles and the intricate tattoo inking the damp flesh of his ribcage. It's absolutely stunning, colors and patterns that curve and collide with dark lines that form a face that looks half human, half skeletal. He told me once his tattoos have meanings. I wonder what that one in particular means. One word comes to mind when I look at it though. Death.

He wipes the sweat from his chest with the palm of his hands. "Why...What are you doing here?" he asks, running his fingers through his damp hair as his gaze lingers on my eyes for a beat or two-he can tell I've been crying. Thankfully, he doesn't say anything about it. He just stands there, nervously waiting for me to answer his question.

Why is he nervous?

Why am I nervous? Or at least my heart is.

And why is he here, standing in front of me?

"I'm here to work off my probation hours," I joke nervously. When puzzlement etches his face, I hurry and add, "I'm just kidding." I glance around at the worksite, at the saws, the drills, the people with bright yellow hardhats, and then my focus lands back on him. "I'm here to help build."

The pucker at Tristan's brows deepens. "You do this now? The whole Habitat thing?"

"It's kind of a deal since they built me my own house," I explain, scrubbing at a smudge of dirt on my forearm. "Give back what you're given."

"That's good, I guess."

"Yeah, it's good to give back, especially when it comes to houses. You can never be too grateful to have a roof over your head."

His lips tilt upward, but the silence that follows stretches on forever. He seems confused over something then he finally simply asks, "So then we'll both be here for a couple of months until the house is finished, right?" An adorable full smile appears again, the same one he tried to use on me the first time we hung out. That was when I'd explained to him that I don't do guys at all, especially cute pretty boy ones, which he seemed to find more amusing than I intended.

I fight a smile, but my mouth ends up matching his. "Well, I'll only be here in the mornings. I'm doing half days since I have work, school, and a ton of other crap." And suddenly my internal sunshine fades as I'm reminded that even though we're close in age and are doing something similar now, we are far from being on the same path in life. That guys aren't on my path.

"That's good... that I'll get to see you." He seems conflicted though, like he kind of wants to run away, and I kind of want him to because I'm having the same problem with him as I did the first time.

Push.

Pull.

Run.

Stay.

Tristan doesn't know much about my life, but he knows more than most, like how long I've been sober, how many tattoos I have, and then he met Conner. But he doesn't know the story behind Conner, or know about Mason, know what my story is, where my scars come from or how severe they are both mentally and physically. Then again, no one really knows my story.

Only me.

And the stars.

I also learned a few things about him, like how he used to be addicted to drugs. I wonder if he's clean right now. His eyes do seem clearer, and he doesn't appear twitchy or out of it. Still, sometimes it's difficult to tell.

Suddenly, his adorable smile enlarges and I realize I've been staring at him for at least a minute.

"Why are you looking at me like that?" he asks curiously.

I shrug with indifference even though my heart accelerates. "Like what?"

His eyes sparkle mischievously. "Like you're picturing me naked. You know, the same way you looked at me back when we first met."

The corners of my lips threaten to turn upward. "Not funny."

"Oh, I wasn't trying to be funny. Just stating a fact."

I roll my tongue in my mouth, biting back a grin. "Cute. Really cute. I forgot how cute you are." My voice drips with sarcasm.

"Aw, and now she's calling me cute." He presses his hand to his chest, appearing touched, but his voice is playful, flirtatious. Still, beneath it is a hint of nerves just like there was the night we hung out.

Nervous or not, I'm already getting in over my head with him again so I do the only thing I can think of and change the subject.

"So have you been living in North Carolina for a while?"

He seems thrown off by my random, non-flirtatious question. "Yeah... I left for a little bit but have been back for a few weeks now."

I inch out of the way as an older guy walks up to go inside one of the outhouses. "Are Nova and Quinton with you?" I look around for them.

"Yeah, Nova and Quinton are here. I actually just got back here this weekend." He stuffs his hands into the pockets of his jeans and rocks back on his heels. "I had to go home for a little bit."

"Where's home exactly?"

His face twists with animosity, but it seems like a subconscious reaction. "Wyoming."

"Wyoming?" I slant my head to the side and inspect his expression intently. "Are you lying to me?"

"Um, no. Why?"

I point at myself. "Because that's where I'm from. I actually moved here like five years ago."

"Really?" His brow arches. "What town are you from?"

"Grey Oaks." I don't bother telling him that I'm technically from The Subs because even now I'm ashamed of that fact. Honestly, if I told him I was from there and then told him about my past, he probably wouldn't be that surprised.

"Get out," he says. "I'm from Star Grove."

"You're such a liar." How could that be possible? How could he possibly have lived only an hour away from where I grew up? "You are fucking with me, right?"

"I'm being serious." His expression matches his words, making me believe him.

"That's so weird that we only lived like an hour away from each other."

"I know," he agrees. "I'm surprised we never crossed paths."

I'm not, considering how many pretty boys stepped foot into The Subs. I only ever saw one and he's one I wish I'd never seen.

When thoughts of Conner claw into my mind, I try to clear my head. "I'm still confused though."

Now Tristan looks confused. "About what?"

"About you and Star Grove and the fact that I thought only cowboys lived there," I tease, unable to help myself. He's making me so anxious that I feel like I'm going to explode from the jitteriness.

"Well, maybe I'm a cowboy at heart," he says with a devilish grin. "Of course, that really all depends."

"On what?"

"On if you're into cowboys."

"I know you're not a cowboy." I hitch my thumb through the loop on the tool belt. "You don't have the look."

He chuckles, his eyes crinkling at the corners. "And what look would that be? Cowboy hats and cowboy boots?"

I shake my head and do a little strut, exaggeratedly using my shoulders and legs. "First of all, you don't have the bow-legged walk." He laughs at me and I touch my hair. "And you don't have hat hair."

"Hat hair?" he questions. "What's that?"

I ruffle his hair, which is amazingly soft. "You know the flat style your hair gets when you wear a cowboy hat."

He's grinning at me, his eyes deepening to a shade of ocean blue as he gives me the same look guys do whenever they're getting turned on.

I quickly withdraw my hand, vowing to keep my fingers to myself from now on.

"Okay, you caught me," he says as his lustful gaze becomes more sweltering than the sun. "I'm not a cowboy."

"Good, because I'm not into cowboys." And now I'm flirting again. Great, just great. I'll be a disaster for repeating history if I'm not careful.

My scars suddenly feel ten times thicker and heavier, reminding me why I have the no guy's rule. Pull or not, I didn't come back to repeat my mistakes. I was given another chance at life and promised myself I'd do better and that it wouldn't be about me. Promised I'd figure out why I'm here, which isn't to flirt with guys, even hot, entertaining one's who protected me one night.

"So other than this and visiting home, what have you been up to?" I ask, desperate to keep the conversation simple.

He shrugs, seeming a little sad. "Not much, but that's kind of my M.O."

"I doubt that's true."

"Nope. It's totally true." He's attempting to smile it off, but it's clear he's bothered by his words.

"Well, what do you do in your free time now?" I ask, partially because I want to get to the bottom of if he's sober without actually having to flat out ask.

"Hang out with Nova and Quinton. Do school shit when I have classes." He shrugs. "There's not really much to me, Avery."

"Oh, I doubt that." The last thing I ever meant to do was make him depressed. "Everybody has layers. Some just don't like to show theirs as much as others."

He stares blankly at me. "I still see you're as blunt as ever."

I shake my head, even though it's kind of true. "No way. I'm not that blunt."

"No, you kind of are... but it's a good thing. I like it." He tousles his locks back into place as he considers something deeply. "So, how are you doing?" There's an edge to his voice. "I mean, for the last three months."

His words contain an underlying meaning. He's not just asking how I've been doing for the last three months, but how I've been doing the last three months after he had to stop Conner that day in the alleyway behind the bar. I don't really want to talk about that but the sincerity in his eyes almost makes me spill secrets that were never meant to be told.

"I... um..." I struggle with how to answer.

How can I lie to him?

When he knows so much.

About my secrets connected to my scars.

And the stars.

His blue eyes soften. "Avery, if there's something wrong, you can tell me. That night was intense and I... I just want to make sure you're okay."

Am I okay?

I'm not sure.

We look at each other.

Unsaid words.

Secrets.

Ones I don't want to share.

But kind of do.

The way he's looking at me, like he knows me and he genuinely wants to know only if I'm okay, makes it hard to fight keeping up the wall I placed around myself. There are no expectations in his eyes. No alternative motives.

I'm not one for discussing my problems, but if I was, I just might tell him everything right now.

About Conner.

My marriage.

My divorce.

My past and darkness of it.

And I just might tell him about the stars, too.

I just might tell him about...

Well, me.

My lips part. "I think you should know-"

My phone rings from inside my pocket. Thinking of the call this morning, I tensely fish it out but only grow more anxious when I see Mason's school's name flash on the screen.

"I have to take this," I tell Tristan then turn around and press talk, all my motherly instincts telling me something could be wrong. "Hello?" I answer worriedly.

"Is this Avery Hensley?" a woman asks from the other end of the line. "Mason Hensley's mother?"

I bite on my thumbnail. "Um, yeah."

"This is the secretary at your son's school. I was calling to let you know that there was an incident at the school this morning."

Panic flares like fire through my veins. "What kind of an incident?"

"He was involved in a fight with another student," she explains. "No one was hurt, but he's saying he's sick now and wants you to come pick him up."

I work to remain composed and force the internal fire to simmer out. But the fact that he got into a fight has me concerned and not in a normal, worrying mother kind of way. "What kind of a fight exactly?" I ask cautiously, my scars scorching from underneath my shirt. "Like an actual physical fight?"

"No, nothing like that," she replies and I slightly relax. "Just a little bickering over having to share something. I probably would just send him back to class but considering what was discussed with the principal when you registered him, I'm a little concerned."

"Concerned about what exactly?" I had to tell the school about Conner, because of the restraining order. The last thing I needed was Conner showing up and trying to pick up Mason from school.

"Well, I'm not a therapist, but-"

"No, you're not," I cut her off before she says something that will rile me up. "I'll be there to pick him up in like thirty minutes." I hang up and turn to leave, almost running into Tristan's sweaty chest again.

"Everything okay?" he asks with concern.

"Yeah." I unfasten my tool belt. "I just have to go take care of some things. That's all. But can you do me a favor?" I ask, handing Tristan the tool belt. "Can you go find Wilson and tell him I had to take off early but that I'll make it up tomorrow?" I have no idea how I'm going to make good on that promise, but I'll just have to figure out a way like I always do.

"Um, yeah, sure." Perplexed, he takes the tool belt from me.

I stride past him and head toward my vehicle, calling over my shoulder, "Thanks a bunch. And it was nice talking to you again." I'm blowing him off and I don't like myself very much for it. But like always, I do what I have to do to keep my life on the right track.

"Are you really sure you're okay?" Tristan yells out.

"Yeah, perfectly fine." I wave at him then I take off running for my car, running away from the feeling chasing at my heels, trying to pull me backwards.

***

An hour later, I'm parked in front of the elementary school with the windows down and the air conditioning on. Mason is strapped in his booster seat in the backseat while I listen to him explain what happened and I try my best to keep an open mind.

"I promise I didn't start it," he swears to me, clutching his tummy like he's sick. "And I wasn't feelin' good after it happened so I wanted to come home."

"Mason, you need to try not to fight," I tell him. "If there's a disagreement, you should talk to the teacher or try to resolve it without yelling or fighting."

He sighs. For an instant he seems way older than his five years. "But that's what you and Dad always did." He looks away from me, tears bubbling in his eyes at the mention of his father whom he hasn't seen in two years.

I think I've been waiting around for this moment since Conner left our lives. Mason was only three when he left and I knew there was a chance that he might not remember what went on between his mother and father.

And there was also a chance he would.

"Mason." I bury my emotions the best I can, because this isn't about me right now. "The stuff that went on between your daddy and I... Well, it shouldn't have happened."

He stares at me with the same eyes that belong to his father and I loathe myself for momentarily flinching at that factor.

"Then why did it happen?" he asks.

"Because sometimes grownups make mistakes too."

"Then maybe you made a mistake by making him leave."

One...

Two...

Three...

Breathe.

"That wasn't a mistake, sweetie. Your father and I... We weren't happy together." I reach back and pat his leg. "But it doesn't mean we don't love you any less."

"Then why doesn't he come see me then?" Mason asks with false hope, the same false hope I used to carry when I was his age and told myself that one day my father would come back for me and save me from the crack-whore house I lived in. Then Conner showed up and for a fleeting, stupid moment I thought he was there to save me instead.

Boy, was I wrong.

"Mason, there's more to it than that." I search for a way to explain to him without telling him about why his father went to jail and that he doesn't see him now because of the restraining order.

Mason folds his arms and turns his head away from me, scowling. "Yeah, because you won't let me see him."

"Mason, that's not..." I stop myself. "Me and your daddy both love you."

"That's not true!" he cries with tears streaming down his cheeks. "Just leave me alone! It's all your fault he left!"

My scars.

They burn.

Like fire.

Like the stars.

It's not like this is the first time Mason has asked questions about his dad or cried over his absence. He did that even before Conner and I got a divorce. But it doesn't make seeing his tears any less difficult. What it does do is make me feel like the shittiest mom in the world.

What do I do?

Tell him the ugly truth?

Scar him too?

In the end, I tell him it's going to be okay then listen to his tears as I drive back home, trying not to remember the path that led me here. But I painfully do and it makes me feel like the guiltiest mother on earth.

Everything once seemed so full of possibilities...

And now I have no idea where to go.

A little over five years earlier...

Chapter 6

This feels like a dream.

Avery

I'm having fun. Yes, I, Avery Hensley, am having fun. I thought it would never happen and most days I feel like I'm dreaming. I'm not sure if life is supposed to feel like this when it's good or if it's just my dreamer side magnifying the sensation. It doesn't matter, though, because for the first time in my life I feel happy and free. And not because my father came to my rescue-I've finally been able to give up on that dream now that I'm leaving my old life behind.

Leaving The Subs behind.

Leaving my mother.

And the blaring music and drugs.

"So what is it with the stars that gets you looking up at them every chance you get?" Conner asks me as he traces a finger along my jawline. "Is it because you're planning our future?"

We've been going out for three months now and it's been probably the three best months of my life. I spend fewer days at home, relaxing and having fun-how I've always wanted my life to be. And Conner, well he helped give that to me. He takes me out on dates all the time in his cars, to the movies, to dinner. I've even met his mother who seems really nice. I also found out that his dad hasn't been around that much, which made that pull I felt toward Conner even more powerful. Plus we have plans. Of getting our own place someday. Going to college. Getting good jobs. It's pretty much the same plan I've always had, only now it includes Conner.

I have to admit my most favorite time we spend together is when we go stargazing, like right now.

"I don't know." I roll over in the bed of his truck and look over at him. He's lying on his back, languidly grinning at the starry night sky above us, with his arm draped across his forehead. "Maybe. But what would our future say?"

He glances at me from the corner of his eye. "How about you tell me?"

"Well, we'll continue doing just this until tomorrow," I say as I sketch his scruffy cheekbone with my fingertip.

"And then what?"

"And then we'll go to school and keep going to school until we graduate college."

He cocks a brow at me. "But what if I don't want to go to college right away?"

"You do. I know you well enough to know you want a good life, just like me," I whisper then gently kiss his cheek. "You want to know what I want to do in the next thirty seconds, though."

His smile turns darker than the night. "I have a couple of ideas."

"Oh yeah? You think you know me that well?"

He lifts his head up but doesn't kiss me, instead stopping an inch short. "I think I do."

"Then what am I thinking right now?" I whisper, my gaze fixed on his eyes no matter how much it wants to drift to his lips.

"That I'm the most amazing person ever," he teases then seals his mouth to mine, reading my mind perfectly. And that's how we stay for what feels like hours, searching each other's mouths under the stars, like we've done every Friday night for a couple of months now.

When he finally does come up for air, it's not to stop or to pressure me to go further, but to tell me something.

"I love you, Avery," he says, his fingers tangling through my hair as he peers up at me.

My heart ceases in my chest.

He loves me?

Loves me?

Do I love him?

Do I?

I have to, right? Conner is perfect, heading somewhere, and seems to want to bring me with him. He makes me smile when I'm sad. Takes me places I've never been before. Makes me happy. Makes everything feel like a dream instead of... life.

"I love you too," I whisper back.

We start kissing again, only this time it turns into so much more. There's no exchange of words agreeing to go further. Clothes just come off and our bodies unite. Everything feels perfect, even when a storm rolls in and thunder starts to boom. We continue making love through the rainstorm, well into the morning. And everything, life-the world-feels...

Surreal.

Like a dream.

If it is, then never let me wake up.

Chapter 7

This feels like a nightmare.

Tristan

I'm lying in bed, high, when I hear the news. At first I wonder if I've lost my mind when my mother walks into my room because she's looking right at me, like she all of a sudden sees me, and there's no hate in her eyes, only sorrow. Then she opens her mouth and says something. At first I think I've heard her wrong. That somehow I've forgotten I took a hallucinogenic and what I'm hearing and seeing isn't real, but a fucking nightmare my high brain is conjuring up.

But she keeps repeating herself until I eventually come to the realization that I'm awake and high and I'm completely hearing her correctly.

"Ryder's dead," she says as she sobs, grasping onto the doorframe of my bedroom as if it's the only thing holding her up.

Ryder's dead?

Ryder's dead?

Ryder's dead?

Suddenly, my general depression about everything seems misplaced. All this time, I was sad about life and now my heart hurts so goddamn badly that I can't breathe.

"What? How...?" I manage to get two words out as I sit up and stagger to my feet.

"Ryder's dead!" This time she shouts it with tears streaming out of her eyes as she collapses to the floor on her knees.

I'm not sure what to do. Panic? Cry? Hug her? We haven't hugged since I was twelve years old, and she's always seemed pretty content about it. But now she's not content. She's breaking on my bedroom floor because Ryder is dead.

My older sister is dead.

Gone.

And I never got to know her.

Not really.

Never got to tell her that I loved her.

Never told her I'm sorry for being the dark cloud in the family.

And now I never will.

I choke on my thoughts as I make my way over to my mother. Then I drop down on my knees in front of her, and after hesitating, I wrap my arms around her.

"I'm so sorry, mom." Tears sting at my eyes as I say it, realizing that I am sorry.

For everything.

How can this be happening?

How can Ryder be dead when I just saw her a few weeks ago?

How? Why? How?

"I don't want you to be sorry," she sobs hysterically, trying to push away from me but I pull her closer, not sure what else to do. "I want it to be you!"

It feels like a slap across the face.

A fucking knife in my heart.

I'm bleeding out.

No, I'm not.

I tell myself that I heard her wrong. That I was really hallucinating the entire time like I originally thought. That she's not here crying in my arms and Ryder isn't gone. That this is all a goddamn nightmare.

But it's not.

I know it's not.

I'm not sure what to do or say, whether to pull away from her or continue to console her when she's pushing me away. I'm still deciding when my father appears in the hallway behind her, his eyes filled with tears too. And there's a look of remorse on his face directed at me.

"I'm so sorry," he utters while he reaches for my mother.

Sorry for what?

For losing my sister?

For my mother wishing it was me that died?

What is it, Dad?

Please tell me.

Help me figure out what I've done wrong.

The only answer I get is his silence, leaving me with my own interpretation.

To all of this.

"Yeah, me too," I choke back at him as he helps my mother to her feet. She doesn't push him away, instead falling into his embrace. My father gives me one last apologetic look before guiding my mother down the hallway, leaving me alone in my room.

And for the briefest moment, I wish I was the one dead too.

Present Day...

Chapter 8

It's just a little wound. Nothing a scar won't fix.

Tristan

So much for avoiding Avery. I didn't mean to run into her the first morning on the job. I'm not even sure what it is about her that makes me do nice guy stuff. I'm not a nice guy, haven't been for a while. If Avery knew half the shit I've done, she wouldn't be calling me cute and smiling at me. She'd be running the other way, just like she did when she got that phone call earlier.

After our encounter the first day, I warn myself to stay away and the following morning I even try to run the urge to get to know her out of me. But Avery appeared so distraught when she left that afternoon that I wonder if it has something to do with Conner. That thought weighed heavily on my mind, more so than drugs and I decide that the next morning that I'll talk to Avery, because I need to know if she's okay-have needed to know for three months now.

But when I arrive at the worksite, my nerves reveal that there might be more to it than just checking up on her. Because I'm so damn nervous that it's starting to show to outside observers.

"Why do you look so squiggly?" Nova studies me as she picks up a bag of nails from off the ground near the front section of the house where construction has started.

Music is playing from the stereo of a truck, and the sounds of drills and saws fill the air. It's ridiculously hot and the sun is relentlessly beaming down on us. I'm so hot I'm sweating even with my shirt off and just a pair of cargo shorts and boots on.

"Is it because of the job thing I was talking about this morning?" Nova asks. "Because if it is, I didn't mean anything bad by it, Tristan. I just think it'd be good if we all had jobs."

She's right. We all should have jobs. But I'm qualified for nothing except dealing drugs, which makes getting hired a problem. She, on the other hand, walked straight into a camera store and was hired for an evening shift. On top of that, she has a tiny bit of funding for the documentary she's making about her journey of helping people out. Then Wilson, the foreman and mentor to Quinton, helped Quinton find a job working in construction during evening hours.

"No, that's not what's bothering me. I'll find a job like I said I would." I search the dirt for a bag of nails that I left around here yesterday. "And what kind of word is squiggly anyway?"

"The kind of word to describe someone who seems nervous and fidgety," Nova explains, putting the nails into a pouch on her tool belt.

"I'm not nervous." I find the bag of nails near the corner of the foundation. "Just looking for these." I feign a smile as I reach into the bag, scoop out a handful of nails and then dump them into a pocket on my tool belt. "You know, we should really start driving your car here with how hot it is," I say in an attempt to divert the subject.

"You know, I can tell when you're trying to change the subject, right?" She narrows her eyes at me as she puts her hands on her hips. "And when you're lying. But the question is why?"

"I'm not avoiding or lying. Nor am I squiggly, fidgeting, or nervous." I undo the buckle of my tool belt and loosen it a smidgeon.

"You do seem a little out of it," Quinton agrees as he strolls up to us with a to-go cup of coffee in his hand. "You barely talked at all on our way here."

"You barely ever talk," I argue defensively. "And neither do I." I nod my head toward Nova. "This one here on the other hand..."

Nova's lips part in shock, then she swats my shoulder, eliciting a laugh from Quinton and me. "I'm not that chatty. It just seems that way because you two can barely carry on a two second conversation."

"The quiet can be peaceful sometimes," I tell her, and Quinton nods in agreement as he swallows a sip of his coffee.

"Whatever." Nova starts to walk off to where Wilson is gathering the workers, but Quinton snags her elbow with his free hand and lures her back to him.

"You know I love it when you talk," he says softly in her ear, pulling her closer until her back's pressed against him. "Love the sound of your voice, love the..."

I leave before I can hear the rest. I've always heard that people get less sappy and lovey-dovey the longer they've been together, but Nova and Quinton seem to be getting worse with each passing day and I'm beginning to get really sick of it. Or jealous. It's hard to tell sometimes.

I check in with Wilson before I begin cutting boards with the table saw like I was instructed to do. My attention is half there though. The other half is on the driveway, waiting for Avery's Jeep to pull up. Usually when I spend more than five minutes thinking about a woman, it's to fuck her. The only exception to this is Nova, and I never did sleep with her.

But now Avery has taken that place.

Part of me wants to sleep with Avery and see if it'll clear my head, but then again I already know her better than any other woman I've hooked up with, so I'm unsure how well that would work. Besides she seems very adamant about her no guy rule, so getting her to break it for me is probably impossible. And I'm not even sure if I want her to break it. Avery isn't like the usual type of woman I sleep with. She's not a druggie or a whore. She's not looking to get a fix. Not looking to kill time. Not looking for anything really, at least in the guy department. It was kind of the same way with Nova and fuck, maybe that's why I developed a thing for them both. Maybe I want more. But, like things proved with Nova, wanting more doesn't mean I'll necessarily get it.

It's not until I spot Avery's Jeep pulling up that I realize just how big of a problem having her around is going to be. Because I get excited when I see her car and the feeling heightens when she gets out it. I can't take my eyes off her as she closes the door and glances around the property as if searching for something. I'm kind of hidden out of her sight, but I can see her perfectly and get a full view of the cut-off shorts she's wearing along with a tank top that's just low enough in the back that I can see part of that damn tattoo I desperately want to see.

God, what I'd give to understand the meaning behind it.

"Dude, you're bleeding all over the boards." Quinton's voice yanks me from my obsessive thoughts of Avery.

He's standing on the other side of the table saw, staring down at my hand. I track his gaze and see blood covering the entire side of my hand and dribbling onto the board I'm holding.

"Fuck." I drop the board and rotate my hand over, examining the deep gash. "I don't even know how the fuck that happened."

"I think you scraped it on a nail," Quinton says, rounding the table saw.

I wipe my hand on the side of my cargo shorts then wince from the sting. "Yeah, but I didn't even feel it."

"That's because you were too busy staring." His implying gaze travels toward the driveway to Avery's Jeep.

"No, I wasn't," I lie as I stare at the blood bubbling from the cut on the side of my hand.

Quinton elevates his brows as he picks up a board. "Whatever you say."

Between him and Nova always accusing me of having feelings for Avery, I'm starting to lose my cool.

"And I said I wasn't staring at anyone or anything." I turn away and hike up the shallow dirt incline toward the cement foundation to find something to clean the cut up with.

As I'm unraveling some paper towels from the roll I found near the drill saw, Avery turns the corner with her attention on her phone and she just about runs into me.

"Oh, hey." She shuffles back, putting her phone away. She looks about as unenthused to see me as when she first bumped into me yesterday. "I didn't know you were back here."

"Yeah, I was just getting some of these." I rip off the paper towels and dab the blood off the side of my hand.

"Oh my God, what happened?" she asks, reaching for my hand.

I almost pull away from her, but stop the moment her fingers wrap around my wrist as a soothing sensation lulls through my veins. "I cut it on a nail."

When she leans down to inspect where my skin is sliced open, strands of her purple bangs fall into her face. I have the strangest urge to reach up and tuck them behind her ear, just so I can watch her watching me.

Why does she see me so well?

"You might need stitches," she mutters then peers up at me through her long, dark eyelashes. "We-you should definitely go to the doctor."

I pull my hand away from hers then press the paper towels back over the bleeding area. "Trust me, I've had way worse cuts than this that I've never gotten stitches for." Besides, I can't afford a doctor, another reason why Nova is right-I do need to find a job.

"But you could get a scar."

"I have a ton of them already. What's one more?"

Her fingers absentmindedly brush the hem of her tank top while she gazes over my shoulder, the sunlight reflecting in her hazel eyes. "I don't know..." She focuses back on me. "At least let me put some peroxide and a band aid on it."

"I'm not sure you're going to find that stuff around here. Well, maybe a band aid, but not the peroxide."

"I have some in my purse in my car."

"You carry that stuff with you?"

"Yeah, I like to be super prepared." Her laugh is off pitch then turns her back to me. "I'll be right back."

I watch her leave, checking out her ass the entire time. Moments later, she's returning with a bottle of peroxide and a few band aids.

"All right, give me your hand." She's put on a pair of sunglasses so I can't see her eyes anymore. I find myself a little saddened because I can no longer observe her while she's studying me.

She removes the paper towel from the gash, briefly examining it before unscrewing the cap off the peroxide. "This might sting a little," she warns.

"I can handle it," I assure her, but take a deep inhale anyway.

She tips the bottle and douses the cut. I hardly move, even when the sizzling liquid stings my flesh. I'm more fixated on watching Avery take care of me. The way her fingers graze my skin and the way she's careful with everything. From her touch to the way she cradles my hand in hers is driving me mad in the best way possible. I can't even remember the last time someone did something like this for me and it makes me realize how much I've missed someone taking care of me.

"There. All fixed up," she says when she presses the last band aid over the wound. "You'll be almost as good as new."

I glance down at the band aid that has puppies on it. "Puppies?" I raise my hand and cock my brow. "Really?"

"Hey, if anyone can pull it off, it's you." She bends over to collect the peroxide bottle and garbage from the ground. "I still think you should get stitches but it's your choice what you do." When she stands back upright, her expression gradually plummets as her gaze converges with mine, as if she sees something in my eyes that terrifies her. "But anyways, I better get back to work." She hitches her finger over her shoulder and steps away from me.

It dawns on me then that I wanted to ask her stuff. It's why I ended up cutting my hand in the first place-because I was too fixated on her.

"Avery, wait. Is everything-"

"You should probably get back to work too," she cuts me off then spins on her heels, calling dismissively over her shoulder, "And make sure to take care of that cut."

I stare down at my hand, feeling the sting of rejection. But I tell myself that it doesn't matter. It's just another wound. Nothing a scar won't fix.

Chapter 9

This is life, not a dream.

Avery

Flames circle me, singe at my flesh. It's so bright and yet so dark as the fire mixes with the smoke and melts the paint off the walls around me. I try to get up but my body won't budge. My world is collapsing around me. My life is collapsing around me. I'm going to burn alive. I know it. Can feel it in the heaviness of my lungs.

I'm going to burn alive.

And it is all my fault.

Knock. Knock. Knock.

Flames. Bright. Hot. I'm going. Drifting. Dying. My last breath is leaving my lungs and my final thoughts are going through my mind...

Keep Mason safe for me.

Keep Jax safe.

Let them both have good lives.

That's all I've ever wanted.

I can feel my skin melting off like wax, but the pain is no longer there. Instead, I feel at peace as my world around shifts into something else. Something that used to calm me.

The stars.

Help me.

Keep me.

Put me back.

Help.

Help.

Help.

"Avery, can you hear me?"

What are you trying to tell me?

Please, just tell me what I'm supposed to be doing.

"Avery, wake up."

My eyes shoot open and I jolt back, bumping my head on the back of the seat.

"Oh my God, are you okay?"

My attention whips to the passenger side of my Jeep. Tristan's friend Nova Reed is sitting in the seat with the door ajar. Her expression is laced with concern, and she has a power drill in her hand. It takes me a beat to process what's going on. Somehow I managed to fall asleep on the job. Thankfully, it's at the Habitat for Humanity one-the one I don't get paid for-so even though it's not the best situation, it could be worse. Way, way worse.

"Yeah, I'm fine," I tell Nova, my eyelashes flitting against the sunlight as images of the fire still sting at my brain. Then I glance at a piece of paper on my lap and remember why I'd decided to eat lunch in the car.

Because I felt like being alone.

The note was on my doorstep this morning. A stupid note from the stupid bastard ex-husband of mine who right on cue upped his harassing phone calls to letters.

Avery, we need to talk. It's important. I want to see Mason and you. Just let me see you guys, even if it's for a couple of minutes. You owe me that.

He didn't sign it, probably knowing he'd be in deep shit if he did, but I recognized his handwriting. He can go fuck himself because he's not ever seeing Mason or me again. His visits aren't worth anything and I'll never, ever take my second chance and waste it on him.

"Are you sure?" Nova asks me. "You look a little out of it. I could cover for you if you want to nap longer."

I first met Nova while she was helping build my house. She's actually the one that introduced me to Tristan. She seems really sweet and nice, and like someone who I would have hung out with back when I still had dreams instead of nightmares.

"No, you don't need to do that," I respond, even though I would rather be napping, if it didn't include nightmares. I probably got maybe two hours of sleep last night, my mind still too focused on a million different things. Like what happened with Mason and how guilty I feel about it. It's been a few days since the incident at his school but I haven't gotten over how upset he looked.

"You look really tired," Nova subtly remarks. "Are you sure everything's okay?"

"Everything's great," I promise her, balling up the empty sandwich bag my lunch was in while stifling a yawn. "I just had some finals last night and didn't get much sleep."

"I didn't know you were taking classes." She fans her hand in front of her face as the blistering heat scorches down on us. "That's so cool, but how do you find time when you work and do this?"

"I take classes online." I open the door to get out. "And thanks for waking me up by the way."

"No problem," she replies, tightening the elastic around her side braid as we hike up the dirt driveway toward the house. "So when are finals over for you?"

"I just finished my last one." I flick flakes of sawdust off the front of my purple tank top then adjust the hem lower to make sure the scars on my abdomen are concealed beneath the fabric. "But I only have a week off before fall semester starts."

"Well, that sucks." She contemplates something as we weave around a small crew taking a smoke break and make our way toward the back area of the foundation. "How long until you graduate?"

"Hopefully within the next year. I actually take five classes a semester so I'm pretty close to doing fast track. I was taking six at one point, but between my job and... stuff I just couldn't keep up."

"It sounds like you have a lot on your plate." She takes her phone out and swipes her finger across the screen. Then she raises the phone like she's going to snap a picture. But then a red dot glows from the upper section of her phone and I realize she's recording something.

"I do," I reply, wondering what the hell she's doing. "Why are you videotaping the yard?"

She sweeps the camera across the land before shutting it off. "I just record things sometimes."

"Like for fun?"

"Well, fun and for documentaries. It's a hobby of mine."

"That's actually pretty cool. Would I have seen anything that you've made?"

"Nah, I'm not popular or anything. It's mostly for my own personal satisfaction, but I could show you some stuff sometime if you want."

"That sounds like fun." I'm being honest too. It does sound fun, but I'm not sure I can picture myself hanging out and having fun with someone as carefree as Nova.

Her eyes suddenly light up. "You know what we should do? Go out and do something fun on your short break from school. Then, afterward, you can come by and we can have like a movie night with Quinton and Tristan." That was her persuading argument the last time I went out with her, only that time was for a celebration. When I asked her what she was celebrating she simply said, "Life." I decided I liked her after she said it.

The concept baffles me. The four of us hanging out, having fun, me letting my walls down, allowing them into my life, while what? I make Jax stay home and babysit Mason? While I bail on Mason? The concert caused enough guilt for me to last a lifetime. Plus I hate the idea of leaving the two of them home alone now that Conner has started calling me again.

"Sorry, but I can't." Sighing, I gather my tool belt from the ground. "I have to work at the bar tonight and pretty much every night this week."

"Well, that, like, double sucks." She plops on a hard hat then starts in the direction of where her boyfriend Quinton is working on the frame of the home. "Maybe this weekend instead?"

I offer her the best smile I can as I loop the belt around my waist. "I'll have to check my schedule but, yeah, maybe."

"Sounds good. Yay, I'm so excited!" She skips over to a half built wall, retrieving a hammer from the ground on her way.

I watch her, feeling jealous as she wraps her arms around her boyfriend and places a kiss on his cheek. It's not because her boyfriend's hot or anything that I'm graced with the green monster. Well, he is, but my jealousy stems from the fact that Nova is about my age, living her life stress free. I'm jealous/envious and don't like myself very much because of it.

Tearing my attention off the two of them, I put on a hardhat then return to my designated work area, by old Mister Shorty/Sexist. He greets my arrival with a dirty look then mutters something about women having it so easy, being able to take long breaks, before hammering the crap out of a board. I want to kick him and tell him how wrong he is, but bite my lip because the last thing I need is more stress in my life.

I concentrate on hammering, which I'm getting better at doing. As the sounds of power tools and music overlap my thoughts, I end up zoning out while I work on finishing up the wall. I'm really getting into it when someone taps me on the shoulder. Startled, I drop the hammer and it almost lands on my foot.

"Holy crap." I press my hand to my heart as I catch my breath. "You scared the shit out of me."

Wilson, the foreman, chuckles. "Yeah, I can tell." He's quite a few years older than me and taller with facial hair, and he's wearing a hardhat. "Sorry about that. I said your name a few times but you didn't seem to hear me."

"Must be the hardhat," I lie, bending down to scoop up the hammer from the ground.

Wilson gives me another smile. He seems like a nice guy, at least nice enough to tolerate my spastic behavior. "Yeah, probably." He points at something over his shoulder, giving a quick glance at Mister Asshole. "I was wondering if you could help out over at the table saw?"

"Seriously?" I ask with wariness as I slide the hammer into my belt. "You want me to work a large cutting tool after what I just did with the hammer?"

He nods with reassurance. "Don't worry, there's someone already over there. You'll just be there to help."

I wonder if Mister Asshole tattled on me?

"Okay, I can do that."

"Good. Thanks." Wilson checks off something on a clipboard then I maneuver around the tools and head to the table saw that's out back. It's not until I round the corner that I see who I'll be helping.

Tristan.

He's leaning over the table, sweat glistening across his bare chest and back as he runs a board carefully through the blade. Every time he moves, every single one of his lean muscles tightens and ripples. The invisible pull instantly seizes me by the legs and nearly jerks them out from under me.

What is it with this guy?

Better yet, what is it with me whenever I look at this guy?

I haven't spoken to him since a couple of mornings ago when I helped him with his cut. We've crossed paths a lot though but have just given each other polite smiles and waves, although he always looks like he wants to say more. He probably would if I didn't run off like there was a fire every time I was near him.

But there's no avoiding him now, so I might as well get it over with.

I slowly approach the table, observing him the entire way. The fact that he looks like he belongs in a construction porn fantasy doesn't make the situation any easier. I allow myself ten seconds to admire the view before I slip off the hardhat and as casually as I can, stroll up to him. He doesn't notice or hear me until he shuts off the saw and turns to set the board down.

His eyes immediately widen when he catches sight of me, but he shakes the initial shock off. "Hey, long time no see." That half-smile surfaces although it's forced.

"Hey, long time no see, yourself," I respond with a stiff smile. "So what have you been up to?"

"The same thing as you-building a house." There's zero playfulness in his tone and I find myself missing the sound.

"What about your hand?" I glance down at the cut now covered by a piece of gauze. "How's it doing?"

He raises his bandaged hand without removing his eyes from me. "The hand's doing fine."

"You've been taking care of it, right?"

He nods, those damn crystal blue eyes of his boring into mine. "Yeah, I have... What about ..." He trails off. "Why are you here, Avery?"

"Uh, to build a house?" It sounds more like a question than an answer.

His lips quirk and his overwhelming stare alleviates a smidgeon. "I know that. But why are you over here with me? Because it seems like you've been avoiding me for the last few days."

I feel terrible, maybe more than I should. "Yeah, sorry. I've just been..." I clear my throat before plastering on a smile. "But anyway. No more avoiding because you're my boss now."

His face contorts as he slants to the side and chucks the board he's holding into a pile of wood. "I'm your boss?"

"Yeah, I think I've been banished from putting up walls and now you're stuck with me." I playfully bump shoulders with him, trying to be cheery Avery and nothing else. It's difficult when his sweat ends up getting on my skin. I don't mind as much as I probably should. "Congrats. You're officially my babysitter."

He chuckles under his breath then bends over to grab another board, giving me just enough time to enjoy the view of his ass. "That sounds like a fun job if you ask me."

"I hate to break it to you, but it's not," I tell him as he stands upright. "I really, really suck at this whole building thing." I cup my hand around the side of my face and lower my voice a notch. "I'm going to tell you a secret but you have to promise you won't tell anyone."

He plays along, jokingly peering around before inching closer, his gaze noticeably flickering to my lips for a searing instant. "I swear my lips are sealed."

I catch a hint of his scent-soap, sweat, and cigarettes-and I discreetly breathe in the wonderful unfamiliarity of it before whispering, "I've never built anything before."

His expression remains neutral. "Yeah, I kind of figured as much considering the stories I've heard about you."

My jaw drops as I move away. "Mister Asshole has been talking about me, hasn't he?"

He shrugs. "It doesn't really matter." He positions the board up on the table then roughly drags his fingers through his damp hair, leaving strands sticking up all over the place. "Half the people around here haven't built anything. In fact, I was that way when I first started."

I place a hand on my hip and elevate my brows. "Did you search the internet to find out how exactly to hammer in a nail?"

Laughter bubbles from his lips and despite the fact that I have a no guys rule, I note just how great of a laugh he has. "No, but that's cute." He winks at me.

"Hey, no mocking me or my incompetence." I laugh with him, feeling tingly inside from the wink. It's been so long since the tingles showed up I'd almost forgotten what they feel like.

And how frightening they can be.

I promptly stop laughing and panic instead.

Tristan must sense my anxiety because he randomly changes the subject. "So if you want, I can go have a little chat with Mister Asshole," he says. "That's what you call him, right?"

I nod, settling down. "Yeah, that would be the very fitting nickname I gave him. I almost went with Mr. Short Guy Douche Bag because he seems to suffer from the short guy complex." I stretch my arm into the air, grinning. "I think he might be a little jealous because I can reach higher than him."

Tristan snorts a laugh. "Or maybe it's because he secretly thinks you're hot and he's one of those guys that is still mean to the girls he likes."

"Ew." I swat his shoulder, making him laugh even harder. "He's like in his thirties and short and hairy and gross. He even took his shirt off the other day and he had hair all over his back like this long." I lift my hand and hold my finger and thumb about an inch apart. "I seriously think he might be part werewolf."

Tristan starts laughing again and I'll admit I am too. A tiny part of me feels bad that our entertainment comes from mocking Mister Asshole, but not enough to stop the fun.

"Maybe if you brought a razor, you could shave it off for him," Tristan suggests through his chuckling. "He could have a fetish for that and maybe that's why he was showing off his back to you, hoping you'd bite the bait."

I make gagging sounds through my laughter. "Oh my God, stop! I'm going to throw up if you don't!" Tears sting at my eyes, happy tears. I suddenly realize it's been a while since I laughed this hard.

"So you're not into the back hair shaving thing." He rubs his scruffy jawline thoughtfully. "I'll have to make a mental note of that."

"Why?" I ask, wiping my tears away with my fingers. "You don't have a hairy back."

"Maybe it's because I shave it."

I roll my eyes. "You do not. I can tell."

His lips quirk. "How so?"

"Because I've looked and there's no stubble."

"Are you saying you've been checking me out?" He's all grins and cockiness now.

"I walked right into that one, didn't I?" I say with a defeated sigh, unable to eliminate the smile from my face.

Suddenly someone clears their throat from behind me. Tristan's attention darts over my shoulder and I whirl around then shuffle backwards. Mister Asshole is standing close to me with a power drill in his hand and a stone cold expression on his round face.

"This is a work place, girlie," he says, staring icily at me. "Not a place to flirt. Make yourself useful for once instead of distracting everyone or get in your car and go home where you belong."

"Bite me," I retort, flustered like I was the other day when he yelled at me. "And it's Avery, not girlie."

"Who cares?" he replies. "You're all the same."

I want to ask him who he's referring to, but I'm fairly certain his talking about the female population, being very sexist right now. My tongue burns with a thousand rude remarks to throw back in his face, but Tristan steps up to the side of me, his fingers brushing against the small of my back, causing me to jump. Then I swear to God my knees almost give out.

"Shouldn't you be working?" he asks intimidatingly.

Mister Asshole's eyes cut to Tristan. "That's what I'm doing." He lifts the power drill in his hand as if that proves a point.

"Clearly," Tristan responds dryly. "You know it's illegal to harass coworkers, right? Male or female."

He lowers the power drill, a scowl forming on his weathered face. "I wasn't harassing her because she's a female."

"That's not what it looks like to me," Tristan says. "Didn't your mother every teach you not to pick on girls?" His fingers stiffen on my back, forcing me to move closer to him. I'm surprised how willingly my body gives in, how much it craves contact from another. "Now apologize to Avery and go away."

"No way," Mister Asshole argues. When Tristan stands up straight, towering over him, he adds. "I don't have to listen to you. You're a fucking kid for crying out loud."

Tristan doesn't utter another word, just crosses his arms and stares him down. His height, stance, and bulging muscles are very threatening and Mister Asshole appears tense.

"Whatever," Mister Asshole mutters. "Stupid punk kids are a pain in my ass." Then he stomps back toward the foundation without giving me an apology.

I've realized two things the moment the silence sets in: 1) The last time someone helped me, was when Tristan stepped in-between Conner and me in the alleyway. The last time that happened before that was... never. And 2) Even if I've always prided myself on being able to take care of my own problems, I think I might actually like the occasional interference from another because right now I feel... lighter.

Turning toward Tristan, I rack my mind for what to say to him. Thank you? You rock? Touch me again?

He beats me to the punch, speaking first. "I wonder how much of our conversation he heard before he cleared his throat. My bet is the whole thing and he shows up tomorrow with a shaved back."

An uncontrollable grin spreads across my face. "Well, then I guess one good thing came out of that, didn't it?"

"Just one thing?" he wonders. "Man, I thought I'd get brownie points for putting him in his place." He waits for me to say something and when I don't, he pouts. Actually, freaking pouts, the sexiest, most delicious, adorable pout ever. "I know I didn't get an apology out of him, but I could have easily if violence were allowed on the job."

"Is that why you did all that? For brownie points?"

He shakes his head. "No, the guy needed to be put in his place. I don't think he just suffers from a short guy complex, but I think he might be a little sexist."

"Okay, that remark just got you one more brownie point"-I make a ding sound, like I'm tallying his points up- "which puts you up to four points."

He slants his head to the side and strands of his hair fall in his eyes. "Where did the other three come from?"

"One for putting Mister Asshole in his place. One for making me cry happy tears. And one for..." I swallow hard, unable to finish. One for Conner.

And just like that, our moment crumbles.

As if Tristan has super powers and senses my deflating mood, he changes the subject for the second time in five minutes. "All right, are you ready to do this?" He nods his head at the rectangular table that has a jagged blade attached to it.

You just earned yourself another brownie point, my friend.

I nod. "Sure, if you are."

He circles around me and I think he might be leaving to get something but then he steps up and inches me forward by gently pushing his chest against my back.

"What are you doing?" I ask, half in panic and half in a state of holy fucking hell his sweaty body feels amazing. That thought is followed by holy hell, my body is super deprived.

And lonely.

But I know better.

Just step away Avery.

Tristan doesn't stop steering me forward until my stomach touches the edge of the table. Then he puts an arm down on each side of me, pinning me between them, and tangles his fingers with mine. "I'm teaching you how to cut a board. That way you can get the upper hand over Mister Asshole if he decides to bother you again." He acts calm, but there's a slight quiver to his voice.

"Why would that help me get the upper hand?" I struggle to breathe steadily as his warmth seeps through the back of my shirt. I'm tottering between being completely turned on and utterly horrified by my reaction, straight along the lines of being a virgin again.

I wonder if Tristan's doing it on purpose, if he knows his touch is driving my body crazy. He seems to have that way about him-super confident and dripping with forbidden sexiness. But he also seems nervous right now too, so I'm not certain what to think about the situation and how he really feels. And really, I shouldn't be thinking anything about the situation. Or him.

What did I just get myself into?

He dips his mouth beside my ear, his breath deliciously hot against my skin. "Because he doesn't know how to use the table saw."

Okay, he has to know what he's doing to me.

"Thanks." I grip the table for support before my knees buckle out on me. "But can you do me a favor?"

Another warm breath caresses my cheek. "I'll do anything you want, Avery." His voice is hoarse like his words are affecting him just as much as they are me.

It nearly kills me to say it, my body protesting in every way imaginable, but I need to get it out and in a light tone. "Can you lay off on the flirting while we do this? Or I might have to take one of your brownie points away."

He hesitates then leans away. His face is still hovering near one of my most elaborate and meaningful tattoos branded on my back right above the scars. It's of a half dead, half thriving tree and is the one he wrote about on the cupboard, the tattoo he never got to fully see. Right now, his lips are close enough he could taste the words and I swear he's going to kiss the ink. Or maybe the collar of my shirt has moved low enough so he can see the tip of my scars.

Fuck, can he see my scars?

"Still doing the no guys thing?" he asks, his voice coming out in a strangled whisper. "Even after all the brownie points I earned?"

I'm panting. Actually fucking panting. And I have to take several breaths before I can speak in an even tone. "Of course. Why would I ever break that awesome rule? Even for brownie points." I make light of my words even when I feel squeamish inside.

"All right, fair deal." He gives me a little more space before he lets go of one of my hands to turn on the saw. "But can I ask, how many brownie points would I have to earn for you to consider going out with me?"

An exhale falters from my lips at the idea of going out on a date. God, it's been so many years I wouldn't even know what to do with myself and the last time I agreed to a date led to years of pain and abuse.

"A hundred," I tell him.

He pauses for what feels like an eternity.

"Two a day," he finally muses.

"Two a day? Huh?"

"I'd have to earn two points a day while I'm here in order to get you to consider going out with me."

"That would give you over a hundred," I say, releasing my death grip from the table. "If you're going to be here for a couple of months."

"I'm covering all my bases," he replies, his voice gravelly. "Besides, maybe I could cash in the extra twenty for something else."

His words reverberate through my body, but my tone is surprisingly even. "Like what?"

He shifts nearer. "I'll have to think about it for a while, but I'm thinking maybe I could see that tattoo on your back."

"No one sees the tattoo on my back." I turn around to remind him that flirting and breathing on the back of my neck isn't going to get him any brownie points, but then I realize it might because I like the sound of his voice and the feel of his breath.

I open my mouth to say... Well, I'm not sure what. Nor do I get to find out because he starts in on a short instructional on how to cut a board. After he's done explaining, we get to work, guiding the long piece of wood through the saw blade. By the time we're done splitting, I'm feeling better than I did this morning, the burdens of finances and responsibilities getting drowned out by the loud humming of the saw.

We cut about five boards before Tristan shuts off the saw and steps back to add the cut boards into a pile. As the silence sets in, I find myself missing the loud humming.

"So why are you here this late?" Tristan asks casually as he drops a board onto the stack. "Is it because you had to leave early that day and you're still making up the hours?"

I nod as I adjust my ponytail. "Yeah, I'm still working on making that up. I have a hard time staying late and stuff. And I haven't been getting very much sleep the last few days."

"You shouldn't work yourself so hard." He dusts sawdust off his hands. "And Wilson's not so hardcore that you have to make up the time."

"I'm fine and I need to make it up-it's important," I tell him and he shoots me a doubtful look. "What? What's that look for?"

He shrugs then bends over to scoop up another board. "It's just that I saw you sleeping in your Jeep earlier... and you looked really out of it, so I asked Nova to go wake you up before anyone else found you."

I grow uneasy again at his kindness and end up cracking a joke to break the tension because things are so much less complex when we're joking. Easy even. "Wow, pretty boy's got a sweet side to him. Who would have thought."

A grin tugs at his lips. "You're one interesting person, Avery..." He trails off as he stands back upright with another board. "What is your last name anyway?"

"Hensley." I almost slipped up and said Wellings, which isn't my name anymore, but it was for four years and it's hard to break that kind of habit-to break any habit. "What's yours?"

"Morganson." He deliberatively pauses. "So can I ask why you haven't been sleeping very well?"

"I had finals online the last couple of weeks but they're over now, so I should be good." I wait for him to set the board on the table, but he keeps staring at it.

"So you're tiredness has nothing to do with Conner?" He finally looks up at me and his intensity makes me wish he would have kept his gaze directed on the board. "Your ex-husband?"

And there it is.

Broken.

Silence.

"No, it's not him." I shift my weight uncomfortably. "I actually haven't seen him since that... thing happened at the bar."

"And that's a good thing, right?" He probably wants me to give him more of the details, but I'm not going to-can't.

"Yeah, it's a good thing. I promise."

He relaxes his hold on the board. "Good. You shouldn't be hanging out with a guy like that." He drops the board onto the table and lines it up with the blade. "So school, huh? I thought I was the only one crazy enough to do classes online."

"Yeah, well, I kind of have to, otherwise I'd never have time," I reply. "I only have two semesters left. I'll be super glad when it's over."

He glances over his shoulder at me. "What are you majoring in?"

"Something ridiculously boring. What about you?"

"I asked you first."

"Yeah, but I don't want to tell you because you'll probably think I'm boring."

He faces me, faking being wounded by my words. "I'm kind offended that you think that way of me, Avery. Seriously, I would never think you're boring."

I roll my eyes. "Oh whatever. You're flattered by the conversation we've been having."

"Why would you think that?" Amusement dances in his eyes.

I give another exaggerated eye roll. "Because I've been flirting with you and you know it." The truth escapes under no control of my own.

His expression mixes with shock and desire, his penetrating graze scorching my skin.

This isn't the time to go back to dreamland, Avery. You have your life on track. You're going to school. You're sober. And you have a purpose for why you're here, if you can ever figure it out.

But what if it's here?

As Tristan opens his mouth, I find myself way too eager to hear what he's going to say next. I never get to find out though, because he unexpectedly lets out a fake cough. Seconds later, Nova and Quinton appear beside us, looking drained yet happy.

"Hey Avery," Nova says while Quinton gives me a small wave that I return.

Then Nova focuses on Tristan. "We were going to head back to the hotel and get cleaned up to go out."

"Shit, what time is it?" I glance up at the sky, which is neon pink from the sunset.

"Five-thirty," Quinton says as he looks at the clock on his phone, scratching at a long, rough scar on his chest.

"Shit." I unbuckle the tool belt and toss it on the ground. "I'm supposed to be to work in half an hour."

"Where do you work?" Tristan asks. "At that Vibe place still?"

I nod distractedly as I text Jax. "Yeah... that'd be the place."

Me: Running late. Will drop off the car ASAP. Things going to be okay?

I feel bad that I have to ask Jax and again, I wish I didn't rely on him so much. But I don't know what else to do.

Jax: Yeah, everything's good here. I'll hold down the fort.

When I look up from my phone, Tristan keeps nodding as they make plans to go out for the night, but his attention is fastened on me. I'd wonder why, but I don't have time to get caught up in the wonders of the opposite sex and the inner workings of their minds.

"See you tomorrow." I wave then dash off, part of me wishing I could stay behind with them, making plans, going out, having fun. But at the same time, I'm glad I have to go, glad I can run away, glad I have a life to run away to.

And that's what I hold onto thirty minutes later when I start my night by showing up to work late. Thankfully my boss, Benny, likes me and doesn't get too upset.

"You doing okay, Avery?" He motions for me to come into his office.

I don't really want to talk to him, but at the same time I did show up late so I step inside. "Yeah, I'm fine. Why?"

"You just seem distracted lately." He sets a stack of papers aside on his cluttered desk and leans back in the swiveling chair, putting his hands behind his head. "Is it about the dancing thing? Because you don't have to do that. You just won't get a raise if you don't."

I like Benny and everything, but lately he's been irking me with this dancing thing. "No, it's not that. I just... Well, I've had a lot of things going on."

His hands lower to his lap. "It's not Conner, is it?"

I shake my head. "No... I haven't heard from him in three months."

"Good." He nods then rises from the chair. "If you need anything, you can always come to me."

"I know." But I never will. Not with the way he's looking at me right now-like he wants to rip my clothes off. It's not that he's bad on the eyes or anything and in another life, I probably would consider dating him. But I have the no guys rule and unlike Tristan, Benny isn't tempting enough for me to even consider breaking that rule.

He rounds the desk toward me with a smile. "Are you going to stay late to do the books?"

"Maybe," I say and when he frowns, I add, "I was actually thinking about doing it tomorrow. Today has been an off day and I really need to catch up on some sleep."

He grazes his finger down the side of my arm, causing goosebumps to sprout on my skin and not in a good way. "Well, let me know what day and I'll make sure to stay late with you."

This isn't the first time he's touched me like that and I'm sure it won't be the last, but I can handle it because I don't want to have to find another job that fits with my very inflexible schedule.

"All right, I will." I leave the office then duck into the bathroom to take a quick paper towel bath to try and clean myself up so that my stench doesn't scare away customers.

As I'm heading out of the bathroom, I look at my reflection in the mirror. My hair is pulled back into a tangled bun, my makeup nonexistent, and my shirt has a stain on it. My messy appearance makes it easier to remind myself that this is my life.

This is your reality.

Nothing else.

Nothing more.

What happened today with Tristan can't happen again.

And I'm reminded just how much truth my thoughts carry when I go out to the counter and Charissa pulls me aside.

"I'm not sure if I should tell you or not, but I'm going to anyway," she says with a heavy sigh. "Conner was here... and he was looking for you."

Chapter 10

This is Reality. This is my Addiction.

Tristan

It had been such a good day, hanging out with Avery, joking, flirting. It'd been a long time since I had a day that uncomplicated. In fact, I'm not sure I've ever experienced something that simple. But then I return to the motel that evening and just like that, the shittiness of the night starts as my phone rings.

Always does.

"Tristan, I need you to come home," my mother says when I answer my phone. I'm sitting at the table in the motel room with the blinds shut, the entire room dark, dusky, and silent except for the shower running. "Right now. It's super urgent."

"I can't." It's my typical response when she says this to me, always the same, stuck on auto repeat. "And besides I was just out there less than a month ago."

"So? You need to come home again," she replies anxiously. "Ryder needs you here when we put flowers on her grave and then I wanted to do something else for it... I'm not sure what but I figure that you might have an idea. Like maybe you could make one of those vases you used to do in art class."

Those vases she's referring to were actually pipes but I'm not going to tell her that and push her closer to the edge. "I don't know how to make those anymore."

"Well, what about a card?" she asks. "I know you love to write."

"Actually, that was Ryder." I sigh exhaustedly. "Look, Mom, I have to go." This is how things have gotten. A vicious cycle. One I've been stuck in for years with her. And she seems to be getting worse with each passing day. But instead of getting caught up in the endless circular pattern, I end it. "I have to go. I'm working," I lie, getting up from the chair and crossing the room toward my bed.

"Tristan, wait," she hurriedly spits out before I can end the call. "Please don't do this to your sister."

"I'm not doing anything to Ryder." I sink down on my bed, the mattress concaving beneath my weight. "Because she's gone."

"Don't say that," she whispers in horror. "I can't believe you would say that."

"But it's true."

"I know, but..." she huffs, exasperated. "God, why are you doing this? You're a terrible brother, living with the person who killed Ryder."

I glance back to make sure the bathroom door is still closed, not wanting Quinton to hear any of this. "What happened wasn't Quinton's fault. Accidents happen and you need to start accepting that."

"No, they don't!" she shouts, clearly out of her mind, probably from popping too many pills. "This wasn't an accident! It wasn't! It would have never happened if he wasn't driving."

"That's not true." I work to stay calm through her irrationality. "He was the only one sober in the car for God's sake."

"So what? That doesn't mean he was driving safely. It's all his fault any way you look at it. Because of him, your sister's gone and you're a traitor for living with the person who killed her."

I'm starting to worry that it's not just the pills making her insane, but that she's losing her sanity. I think my dad even worries because while I was visiting he kept saying subtle comments that implied my mom might need some help.

"Mom, where's Dad?" I ask as I flop back on the bed, pressing my fingers to the bridge of my nose, and shutting my eyes.

"At the store," she answers heatedly. "And I'm done with this conversation unless you say you'll come home."

"Why do you want me to come home so badly?" I ask through gritted teeth. "When it's clear you hate me."

"I don't hate you. I'm just... disappointed in who you are." A long pause follows. I'm just starting to wonder if she's hung up, when she speaks again. "And by the way, that Dylan guy came here looking for you the other day. Said he needed to talk to you about something."

"Dylan came looking for me?" What the hell? I haven't seen Dylan since... Well, since my druggie days. And for a good reason. Not just to keep my sobriety, but because... "Mom, please tell me you called the cops when he showed up."

"Why would I do that?" she asks. "It's not my job to do that."

"Haven't you read the local paper at all over the last year?"

"I hate the papers. The articles are always depressing."

I open my eyes, lower my hand from my nose, and shake my head. "Mom, the police have been searching for Dylan for almost a year. They think he might have killed that Delilah Pierce girl I used to hang out with."

"That redheaded that always dressed like a prostitute?" she asks with zero sympathy. "Nichelle Pierce's daughter?"

"She wasn't a prostitute," I reply, but it's kind of a lie. Dylan was Delilah's boyfriend and he sometimes sold her out for drugs. Delilah was always so doped up she'd never really put up a fight. Dylan also used to hit her, even though Quinton and I would sometimes try to intervene when we were living with them. Delilah would always go back to him, though. "And did he say why the hell he stopped by the house?"

"He just said he needed to talk to you, but I kind of thought..." She trails off. "You're in some kind of trouble, aren't you?"

Having spent years in trouble, I have to really think about it. "No, I don't think so."

"You don't think so?" She laughs cynically. "God, you'll never change, will you?"

I sit back up. "Mom, call the police and report Dylan's visit. I have to go." I hang up on her and then there's nothing except silence.

My chest is heavy as I roam outside and then stand on the front patio section. I never should have gone home for those few weeks. It's made me regress. I think part of me, though, hopes-always hopes-that my mom will change her mind about me. That she'll see me as the son she has instead of the child who she has been stuck with. Although, it didn't help that Dylan showed up at the house. Why the hell would he go back to Star Grove of all places? And then stop by to pay me a visit?

"Probably to score," I mutter as I grab a pack of cigarettes from my pocket.

I stay outdoors for a while, smoking and staring at the road until one of my neighbors five doors down from me comes barreling outside. I swear I have some sort of drug radar inside me. Maybe it's all that time I spent living in crackhouses, getting spun out of my mind that's causing the radar to go off. But, for some reason, I can always tell who I can buy drugs from.

Take the guy. He's arguing with the woman who I think is his girlfriend, but that's not the dead giveaway that he's a meth head. It's in the speed he's talking and the rapid tick in his jaw as he shoves her, his sentences so tightly strung together. It's just like Dylan and Delilah had been, and I find myself torn between stepping in and going back inside.

But then, in the snap of a finger, they start kissing passionately. And I feel envious toward them, not just because they're high, but because they're kissing that intensely. I mentally note that if I'm going to break down, that's the place to go. I hate myself for making that note, but it comes more naturally than breathing.

Because this is my life.

My addiction.

After everything I've been through, it feels like it's never fully going to go away and part of me doesn't want it to because what else is there to me?

"Whatcha doing out here?" Nova asks as she steps out of the room and interrupts my drug-addict thoughts. She's changed out of her work clothes and into a dress. Her hair is up, her freckles are showing on her nose. She looks nice, but she always does.

"Just smoking and thinking." I flick my cigarette before getting to my feet and brushing the dirt off the back of my jeans.

I think about letting Nova know that Dylan is back in Star Grove, because she was once friends with Delilah, and I know Delilah's death still haunts her. But I don't want Nova to worry, so I opt to keep my mouth shut, at least until Dylan is found.

"About what?" Insinuation laces her tone but it takes me a minute to catch on to what she's implying.

"I wasn't thinking about Avery," I snap, overly harsh, but it's the truth. I was thinking about Avery when I first got back to the motel, but after my mom called my thoughts centered on my crackhead neighbors and getting a bump. "And you need to stop thinking that anything is going to happen between us."

I need to stop thinking that.

"Jesus, relax." Nova holds up her hands in front of her. "Did I say anything about Avery?"

I flick some ash off my black T-shirt. "No, but you've said it enough over the last few days that I knew where you were going."

"You guys looked pretty chummy working the table saw together today." She crosses her arms. "I thought you said you were going to try to avoid her-that you didn't want to get involved with anyone"-she makes air quotes- "ever."

I had said that, right after the first day I'd run into Avery. But I'm not sure I ever really meant it. It's just something I said to protect myself from getting hurt. And what happened between us today, which wasn't anything really-yet it was-was an accident. An enjoyable accident, but still an accident nonetheless.

"You were watching us?" I ask Nova suspiciously.

"Yeah, I worry about you, being alone so much and also because... Well, you're heart's more fragile than you want people to believe." She looks more guilty than worried.

Nova has never said it, but I think she feels guilty for not being able to reciprocate my feelings when I told her I liked her as more than a friend. I think she blames herself for the fact that I've been off and on drugs ever since I declared my feelings and then kissed her, even though I was a druggie long before that happened. But that's just Nova. She cares way more than anyone else I've ever met, which is part of the reason I fell for her.

"I'm fine with being alone," I tell her, but it's not completely true. I just live in denial to avoid the painful reality. "And trust me, my heart's not fragile. At all."

"Yeah...." Nova mulls over something while twisting a strand of her hair around her finger. "Avery does seem really nice and a lot like you in some ways, don't you think?"

"No one's like me, Nova." I'm offended for Avery. The last thing she needs is to be compared to me. Some of the shit I've done... my sins...I'm not a good person and no one wants to be compared to that or really be with a person who has a fucked-up past like mine.

"Tristan, you're a good person." Nova shields her eyes from the sun with her hand. "And you want to know what? From my observation, I think Avery likes you. I mean, you even said once that the night you two hung out was hard to forget."

I shake my head, acting as if I don't care as much as I really do, pretending the idea of being with Avery isn't intriguing. Trying to ignore the need I feel deep inside me to spend hours with her. Ignoring the fact that earlier when I was showing her how to cut a board, I wanted to pull down her shirt just enough to finally see the rest of that tattoo of a tree that's on her back and perhaps kiss the lines that form the soul-baring words.

"Hard to forget doesn't mean it was a good night," I reply dryly. "Just one that stuck with me."

"So it wasn't a good night?" She's astounded, but Nova also doesn't know the details of what happened with Conner and with the bag of crystal either.

"It both was and wasn't." Confusion masks her face, and I decide to tell her just enough that she'll back off. "You do remember when the cops showed up, right?"

"Yeah. You guys said it was because a guy showed up that Avery had a restraining order for."

"A guy that had a knife."

Her eyes pop wide. "Tristan-"

"And Avery found drugs that I dropped," I cut her off.

Nova's so shocked she looks like she might start crying. I instantly feel like a dick for bringing her to that point just to avoid the truth-that even though I don't like to admit it, that night was so much more than just a night.

"I didn't do the drugs." I blow out a frustrated breath. "See, this is why I can't get serious with her or anyone. I'm a fucking asshole, even to my friends."

"You're not a fucking asshole." She sucks back the tears. "And I'm glad you told me the truth. It shows you've grown."

"Stop looking for the good in the bad I do. Everything I do is bad and if it appears like I've done something good, it's probably for selfish reasons."

She evaluates me closely. "Why didn't you do the drugs that night?"

I shrug, trying not to shy away from her profound assessment of me. "I don't know."

"No, I think you do." She slants back, giving me the room I badly seek. "But that's okay. We don't have to talk about it if you don't want to."

Her insinuation that there is a deeper meaning to me not snorting the bag of crystal that night is bugging the shit out of me. Yeah, I didn't do it that night, nor have I done it since, but still...

I'm an addict. Plain and simple.

And I'll do it again because that's who I am.

The only reason I'm not right now is because.... Well, I'm still trying to figure that out.

"So where are we going tonight?" I sidetrack the conversation.

Nova smiles, her sadness shifting to cheeriness. "It's a surprise."

I frown. "It's not the Vibe, is it?"

She rapidly shakes her head. "Of course not."

I recline against the side of the hotel and fold my arms. "You know you've never been a good liar."

She fiddles with a bracelet on her wrist then shakes her head. "Please, pretty please, just go. If for nothing else, just to check on her and see if she's okay. She seemed really stressed out today."

"She's not going to give up until you agree, man," Quinton remarks as he exits the room. He's changed into a clean pair of jeans and a T-shirt. He immediately lights up the moment he's outside on the patio.

"It's true," Nova agrees with a nod.

I take out my cigarettes. "If I agree to go, you have to promise you won't look too deeply into anything that happens."

"But what do you think is going to happen?" she asks. "Clearly you want something to happen otherwise you wouldn't have said that."

"Nova," I warn and she quickly gives me an I won't do it again look.

Really, she's right, though. I do want something to happen. A lot to happen actually. Have for months. Which is why I should stay away. But I can't stop thinking about how easy it is to talk to Avery and how easy hasn't really been part of my life. And, as always, I end up making the stupid decision and go.

***

The Vibe is way less crowded than the last time I was at it on a Friday night. We had to get wristbands that night just to enter the place and there was a huge line that filed around the building. Tonight, we walk straight in without even getting carded.

On our way in, Nova points at a Help Wanted sign in the window. "Look, Tristan, you could apply here and work with Avery."

My brow arches. "At a bar?"

Her enthusiasm plunges. "Yeah, sorry I wasn't thinking."

"No, you're playing matchmaker." I hold the door open for Nova to walk through. "I'll find a job, okay? But it needs to be one I'm fit for." But what am I even fit for? I have no clue, other than dealing drugs.

One look around at the room and my mood crashes. It reminds me of the bars at home where the only people who hang out there are the older people of the town who look like they've spent decades partying too much. Country music plays from a jukebox and a group of younger people are playing pool in the corner. If I was at home, I'd probably be doing this exact thing, except at the end of the night I'd go back to the party house of the town and get high to escape the depressing reality of my life.

"Look, there she is." Nova points at the bar across the room where Avery is chatting with a girl that is wearing too much makeup and has overly bleached hair.

I put my hand on Nova's arm and push it down to her side. "It's rude to point at people." I'm only half-joking.

"And it's rude to stare," Quinton remarks, distinctly talking about me since I haven't been able to take my eyes off Avery since Nova pointed her out.

I glare at Quinton. "Don't you start on me too. I swear to God, I'll beat your ass."

He rolls his eyes. "No, you won't."

He's right, but still, the two of them trying to play cupid is bugging me.

"Maybe we should go somewhere else," I propose. "The amount of alcohol in here is higher than the people."

"We can go," Nova quickly says then pushes me forward. "But after you say hi."

"I can't just say hi. It's not in my nature, especially around hot women." Especially when it comes to Avery. I can't seem to control myself around her.

"Oh, now you have to go over." Nova shoves me again, causing a scowl on my part as I trip and bash my shin on a nearby chair. "We've been spotted."

I turn around and find Avery staring at us from across the room. She doesn't seem happy that we're here, nor pissed off. It's more like she's worried, yet our appearance is piquing her curiosity.

I huff a breath of aggravation meant for Nova before winding my way around the tables and toward Avery. I try not to do my swagger walk, but it comes too naturally and I can feel it in the way that I move. It only gets worse when I catch Avery's eyes giving me a quick once over. She's checking me out and I'm not going to fucking lie, I love that she is.

"Hey," I greet her when I arrive at the counter lined with high barstools.

"Hey. What are you doing here?" She screws the top back on a bottle of bourbon that I desperately want to down to alleviate my jitteriness. I don't know how Avery works at a bar when she used to be an alcoholic. I about lose my mind just seeing a tweaker.

"We were just hanging out and thought we'd stop by." I cross my arms on the countertop. "Maybe get a drink."

"None of you drink though." She ducks to put the bottle of alcohol below the counter and I lean over to check out her ass and the elegant flower tattoo on the back of her thigh.

"Yeah, but..." I trail off, trying to figure out what to say to her. But it only gets more difficult to come up with something when she stands back up and stares at me with those gorgeous hazel eyes of hers.

"But what?" she finally asks with the smallest hint of amusement. She's still wearing the same purple tank top and jeans she had on at the work site. Her hair is down and slightly damp and it looks like she's scrubbed her makeup off. She's fucking beautiful-that's all there is to it. Way, way more attractive than the women I'm used to hooking up with.

"But nothing." I plant my ass down on a barstool. "So how late do you work tonight?"

"Why? You gonna ask me out on a date when I get off?" She laughs like she just told a funny joke. "Because need I remind you that you still have"-she looks up at the dimly lit ceiling as she mentally calculates-"ninety six more brownie points to earn for that prize."

"Oh? So a date with you is a prize, huh?" I crack a joke and a small smile, but don't find it as comical as she does. I'm pretty sure I've never asked a woman out on a date before except with Avery and the two times I've asked her, she's brushed it off. Yeah, I get that she has the no guy rule, but her amusement over the concept of us going out still stings.

Rejection.

I should just back off. She's not some crack-whore looking for a junkie to hook up and score with so it makes her out of my league. So what am I even doing here? Clearly something, but I can't figure out what exactly.

Her laughter hushes as she notes my humorless expression. Then her lips part in shock. "Tristan, you can't be serious. We can't... date." She seems frightened of the word. "I thought the whole brownie point thing for a date was a joke."

Her words burn for a thousand different reasons, but I play it cool. "Why would I ever joke about something so awesome?"

"Because..." She squirms uneasily then busies herself by wiping down the counter with a dishrag. "Look, Tristan, trust me, even if I broke my rule-which I won't-and agreed to go out with you, you don't want to agree to go out with me."

"Why not?"

"Because... I can give you a million reasons."

"And I can give you a million reasons why someone would want to date you," I say, unable to stop my lips from moving. "Beautiful, funny girl with sexy tattoos and the saddest smile I've ever seen, like the weight of the world is bearing down on her shoulders."

She smiles but out of irritation "Oh, you're good. But the real question is, do you come up with new lines or just recycle them?"

"I'm not feeding you a line," I tell her because I'm really not. Yeah, I'm a flirt but I'm never genuine like I am now. "I swear."

She considers what I said then she sets the rag down, props her elbow on the counter, and rests her chin on her hand, staring me down. "I'll tell you what. I'll let you cash in your four brownie points and go on a date with you if you explain to me what compelled you to write that note on my cupboard that night." She seems so certain I'm not going to.

I scratch at my chin with uneasiness. Explaining why I did it is nearly impossible-even I'm still trying to figure the reason out. "I don't know... I just wanted to make sure you were okay after I left."

"That was the only reason?" Her brow arches in the sexiest way and I wonder if maybe I've met my match. Most of the girls I flirt with totally absorb it and flirt back in an obvious way. Granted they're in a different, lower league than Avery. She does it so naturally that I barely notice before I get caught up in it.

Lost.

I am lost.

And in a different way than I'm used to.

"Or maybe I just wanted to make sure you didn't forget me." I lift my shoulder and shrug. "But the first part's true, too. I just wanted to... I don't know, comfort you, I guess." I wince at my word choice, wondering if my drug-deprived mind has finally broken.

She bites down on her lip and I'm the one who's now starting to squirm. "Comfort me? That's... sweet." She smirks, but she's nervous. "And cute."

"I'm not as sweet as you think I am. I just have my moments, but they're few and far between, so don't get too excited."

"Nah, I don't believe that. I barely know you, yet I've seen quite a few of those moments."

"Then I guess it's just you that brings it out in me."

"I guess so."

We're both stupidly grinning at each other in the kind of way Nova and Quinton do-in the kind of way that drives me crazy in both a good and complicated way.

"And now you owe me a date," I say, watching the smile vanish from her gorgeous lips, causing me to crash back to reality.

Horrified, she lifts her head from her hand and her body straightens. "I can't do that. Sorry."

"But you said you would if I told you why I wrote the note."

Why am I pushing this so hard? I sound so whiney.

Her chest rises and falls as she struggles to breathe regularly. "Yeah, but how do I know you told the truth?"

"I'm not a liar." Except to myself.

"Okay, but I still can't."

"Because of the no guys' thing?"

She gulps and then nods. "I'm sorry. I thought you wouldn't really tell me why you did it. That you'd feed me some cheesy reason or something."

For the briefest, unsteady moment, Avery appears as tense as I feel, like our emotions match each other and I have to wonder...

What is this girl hiding?

What could have possibly happened to her to make her want to stay away from guys this much? It has to have something to do with her ex-husband. I know it does.

"You know what you two should do." The bleach-blonde I saw with Avery when I first entered the bar appears out of nowhere. Or maybe she's been there the entire time and I'm just noticing her now. "You should take your smoke break and have Mr. Hottie Blondie go out back with you," she says to Avery with a very unsubtle wink.

Avery shoots her the darkest scowl ever. "Tristan, this is Charissa and you'll have to excuse her because her mouth doesn't have a filter."

Charissa seems more like the type of women I'm used to hooking up with, blunt and forward and always trying too hard to be sexy and coming after me because I'm easy. But she doesn't seem interested in me, just interested in getting Avery to go out back with me.

"It's nice to meet you, Charissa," I say politely then focus back on Avery. "I actually would love a smoke right now so..."

"So what?" Avery asks lightly, her nervousness still hidden under the surface.

"You're going to make me say it, aren't you?" I'm completely and utterly baffled by this girl. I find myself wanting to know everything about her, ask her all those questions I've been wondering about for months.

Avery nods, playful but edgy as she leans the slightest bit closer. "Oh yeah. I'm going to make you work for whatever you want."

Charissa covers her eyes like she's embarrassed for Avery. Me, I fucking love it.

I reduce the space between us even more as I slant across the counter toward her. "Avery, would you like to go out back and have a smoke with me? It can be a replacement for the date you promised me but aren't going to give me." I feel like I'm back in high school or something, nervously asking a girl out on a date. Only I never dated in high school, just got high and had sex.

"I'm not sure," Avery replies, thrumming her fingers against her lip. "I'd have to ask my boss first."

"Whatever," Charissa says then pokes Avery in the side. "Benny loves you. Now go enjoy ten minutes of your fucking life." She leans in and lowers her voice, but not enough that I can't hear her. "You deserve to after Conner showing up here today."

Avery stiffens at the mention of Conner and my heart misses a beat.

He was here?

Today?

Before I can say anything, Avery reaches under the counter and grabs a pack of cigarettes. "Come on, Pretty Boy, before I change my mind."

It takes me a moment to get up and follow her. When I do rise to my feet, I almost head back in the direction of Nova and Quinton. But like that night three months ago when Conner pulled Avery out back, I end up turning the other way at the last second and following her outside.

Chapter 11

Wake up.

Avery

I'm blaming it on the fact that I haven't had sex in two years. It's got to be my deprived vagina that caused me to flirt and go out back with Tristan to "smoke," Charissa's code word for go get some. She probably thinks I'm back here in a heavy lip lock with Tristan. But nope, the only thing fastened to my lips is a filter. And the stars shining luminously in the sky are my reminder that that's how things should stay.

Of what it took to get here.

Of how easily it could be taken away.

Because Conner was here today.

Looking for me.

And the past and my sins came crashing back to me.

Shit. What am I going to do?

It's starting all over again.

"So I have to ask you a question," Tristan says as he pops a cigarette between his lips and pats his pockets for a lighter.

A cloud of smoke circles my face as I exhale. "Why do I have the feeling I'm not going to like this question?"

He finds his lighter in his back pocket then flicks the top and burns the end of his cigarette. "Because you probably won't. It's a little personal."

I frown as I ash my cigarette on the asphalt. "Do we really have to do this? You know we could always keep tiptoeing around it like we have been."

He stares at the end of the alley. "You don't have to answer it if you don't want to, but I need to ask."

I suck a slow inhale from the cigarette and trap the smoke in my lungs for as long as possible just to avoid answering him. "What do you want to know?"

Smoke swirls through the air as he removes the cigarette from his lips. "I want to know what happened with Conner and why he was here today."

My head slumps forward and I pinch the bridge of my nose. "I knew you were going to ask that."

"You don't have to answer, but that night... Well, it's kind of been haunting me, especially because I never really got to talk to you about what went on and I wasn't sure if you, you know, were in trouble or something."

"Not anymore," I utter quietly.

He pauses. "Is he... I mean, I know he's your ex-husband, but how?"

I keep my eyes fixed on the ground. He's getting too close to the truth. "How what?"

"How did that happened?" he asks. "I mean he seems so... And you seem so..."

I sigh, elevating my head and looking at him through the dark. Streams of light surround us from the nearby lamppost and the moonlight cast shadows across his features. "He wasn't always that way. He's been my ex-husband for a little over two years." I sketch my fingertip along the finger that once had a ring on it. I swear I can still see the tan line there, like it wasn't two years ago when I last wore it. "And he showed up here today, but it was while I wasn't around, so I didn't see him."

"You've been divorced for two years." He's stunned beyond shock. "How old were you when you got married?"

There you go. Be put off. You just made this easier on me.

"Seventeen," I say, staring up at the night sky and the stars. I puff on my cigarette, dragging out time, unwilling to offer him the reason why we got married so young, unwilling to tell him about Mason. The last thing I want to do is get Mason involved in this... whatever this is-I'm not really sure yet.

Tristan restlessly drums his fingers on the side of his leg. "I don't really blame you for divorcing him after what I saw that night."

If only he knew how insignificant that night was compared to the shit that went on. Toward the end was the worst.

Toward the end is when he broke me.

And then I nearly broke myself.

"Yeah, he's kind of an asshole." I smile stiffly. "Which is why I try to avoid him with a restraining order I've had on him for months."

He struggles with what to say next. Pour guy. He walked straight into that mess that night three months ago, not even knowing what he was getting into, just like he's doing now.

"You know, we can go back inside if you want." I give him an out from the seemingly painful conversation.

He stares down at his half-smoked cigarette in his hand, the cherry glowing brightly against the night. When he looks up at me again, something crosses his expression that I don't recognize. "You know it wasn't the first time, right?"

"The first time what?"

"That I've had a knife pulled on me."

I'm not sure if he said it to make me feel better about my dark past or not, but I kind of do and kind of like him for it. Another brownie point for him. Jesus, he's tallying them up quickly.

"When? I mean, when else did you have a knife pulled on you?"

He cups his hand around his side where Conner cut him that night with a knife. "A few times actually... during drug deals and shit."

"How are you doing with that stuff?" When Tristan winces, I add, "Or is that too personal of a question for me to be asking?"

"No... it's okay. I asked you stuff so it's only fair you should get to ask me." He sucks in another lengthy drag from his cigarette then smoke eases from his lips. "I've been clean since that thing with you and I happened. But when I went home..." He shakes his head. "I almost fucked up several times and still feel like I'm going to slip up every single day."

"That's good, though, that you haven't slipped up. And that you're trying to stay sober."

"Don't get too excited. I've tried to stay clean a lot of times already."

"So, at least you try," I tell him because he looks so dejected. It's a side of him I've never witnessed before and I find myself wanting to explore it-to help him feel better. "Some people don't even get that far."

He gives me a blank stare. "How many times did it take you to get clean?"

I shrug, scuffing my boot against the asphalt. "Just once, but I had huge reasons to get my shit together."

He waits for me to explain further, but I'm not going to. The reasons are too personal and honestly I'm kind of ashamed of the person I was two and a half years ago. That weak woman. Unstable. Just like my mother. That for a while I turned out to be everything I never wanted to be.

"You know, I thought about getting your phone number that next morning," he says. "But settled on writing you the note instead. Figured it might be better."

"I'm going to agree with you on that one. It's probably for the best that you didn't find me after that night." I drop my cigarette to the ground and put it out with the tip of my boot. "Because I broke my rule with you and that was the only time I ever have."

He grazes his thumb along the bottom of his cigarette, knocking the ash off. "The no guy rule?"

I nod, inching toward the door with every intention of leaving because this conversation is getting way too heavy and deep. "That kiss was never supposed to happen. And not because I'm hung up on my ex-husband or anything. It's just..." I trail off and then clear my throat, not wanting to go any further. "But, yeah, like I said, I should have never kissed you. It was very wrong of me to kiss you when I've made a vow never to be with any guy again."

He steps toward me, diminishing the space between us. "Ever?" His forehead creases as he angles his head to the side, looking utterly confused and at the same time absolutely intrigued.

I wonder if he's put two and two together.

Two years. It's been two years since a guy touched me or kissed me.

I nonchalantly shrug. "Sometimes being unattached is the best thing for someone."

"Yeah, but forever? That's a really, really long time."

"Yeah... it's... Well, it's forever. And I've been doing well with that rule for two years until you came along," I press and his mouth sinks to a frown. "I'm not saying it was bad. I'm glad you stepped in when you did. No one's ever done that for me, but still that kiss..." I should step back more because he's so close I can barely think straight, but my feet refuse to budge. "It was forbidden."

"Forbidden." The word rolls off his tongue as he dares another step toward me.

I place a hand on his rock solid chest to stop him from getting nearer. "No way. We're not breaking the rule again."

He gives me an innocent look, which I'm starting to learn is his thing. "I'm not trying to break any rules, just heading in the direction of the door like you."

"Yeah, right." I roll my eyes. "If you knew what you were getting into, you'd be running away instead of me holding you back."

His gaze swings to the large dumpster, where he once stopped Conner from hitting me, then he eyes the door over my shoulder. "I highly doubt that," he mumbles then looks back at me. "But if you want me to back off, I will."

Great. Now he's giving me a choice that I'm clearly not capable of making. Repeating my mistakes. Repeating. Repeating. Repeating.

I thought I'd gotten better the second time around.

I have to do better to make up for what I did.

"I mean, it's pretty clear we're attracted to each other," Tristan carries on, but doesn't attempt to come any closer. "Or at least I'm attracted to you," he says with a trace of self-doubt, giving me another glimpse of the side of him hiding under the flirty one. I kind of like this side of him and kind of fear it because it's so...

Real.

As if I've lost my mind, I wet my lips with my tongue, a move I haven't done in years. A slow smile curves at his mouth.

"You did that on purpose," he murmurs while eyeing my mouth and moistening his lips with his tongue.

"No I didn't." I suck my bottom lip in between my teeth.

What the hell am I doing?

Stop leaning in Avery.

But we move like magnets. He leans in a little. I lean in a little. Me. Him. Me. Him. There's hardly any space left between us. I can feel the warmth of his breath. Smell the delicious scent of his cologne. He's still holding the cigarette and smoke circles around us, mingling with the intensity of the moment. Am I going to do this? Let my wall down for another guy?

No.

Yes.

No.

I never fully get to make the decision because Tristan eliminates the last of the space between us and our lips collide. Fire and lust blazes through my veins yet I remain frozen, refusing to take this kiss further. But when his warm tongue brushes against mine, my lips willingly part, as if they'd been eagerly waiting for this moment.

Holy.

Freaking.

Hell.

Two damn years.

I swear to God my body just combusted into flames. The fire inside me only blazes brighter as his hands grip my waist, his fingers delving into my flesh, pulling me closer as he sucks on my tongue, bites at my bottom lip, drowns me in heat. He starts backing me up somewhere... or maybe I'm pulling him with me as I move backward... It's hard to tell. It's hard to tell anything, other than he tastes so good, so warm, so enticing.

I've been so lonely.

And I want him.

God, do I want him.

His kiss is better than I imagined, carrying way more passion and intensity than I thought possible. And the fact that I have imagined kissing Tristan a thousand times becomes painfully aware to me. But I don't have time to dwell on that revelation because he abruptly grasps my thighs and picks me up. My legs hook around his hips and seconds later, my back slams against the brick wall as he presses into me, rocking his hips against mine. My fingers stab through the back of his shirt as I seek something to hold onto, something that will bring me back to reality. Nothing works though and when he rolls his hips again, his hardness presses against me. My nails pierce through the fabric and scratch the flesh of his shoulder blades.

"Avery," he groans, his lips leaving mine and trailing down my jawline to the faint scar on my throat where he licks a path to my collarbone.

This time, I'm the one to moan, a deep, throaty sound that I barely recognize as his teeth graze my sensitive flesh. His hands are wandering all over my body, feeling all of my curves and skin, but when his fingers brush just underneath the hem of my shirt right where my scars are, my eyes shoot open.

My lips stop moving.

My heart stops beating.

My lungs stop fighting.

I'm dying.

Remember why you died, Avery?

Remember what it felt like to be betrayed.

Abandoned.

"Wait, stop," I whisper, sounding breathless, almost choked. "I can't do this." Even though it's just a whisper, it's enough to snap us both back to reality.

Tristan's eyelids lift and our gazes collide. A beat of silence goes by before he releases me and shuffles back. It feels like I should be happier about my decision but I just feel miserable. The misery only amplifies when Tristan moves back into the moonlight and I get a glimpse of internal agony in his eyes. Whether it's because of my rejection or something else, I'll never know. Because he turns away from me and jogs off down the alleyway without saying another word, leaving me in the dark beneath the stars, questioning if I made the right decision. It sure as hell doesn't feel that way. In fact, it feels wrong.

Everything feels wrong.

I glance up at the stars, searching for an answer, but all they seem to say is: Wake up, Avery. Wake up and open your eyes.

The problem is, my eyes are fully open and I can't see a damn thing.

A little over five years earlier....

Chapter 12

Welcome to reality.

Avery

My dad was right. I am a dreamer like him. I used to dream lots of things, when I was asleep, and when I was awake sometimes. The last six months with Conner had felt like a dream. But now, it's starting to feel like a nightmare. And unlike my father, I can't run away from it.

It started out all kisses and touches and passion and love, a wonderful escape from the reality of my life. But I should have been smarter. I knew better than to think life was a dream. And just like all dreams do, mine has come to an end.

I woke up.

"I feel like I'm going to throw up again," I mumble as I sit down on the cold kitchen floor and cradle my stomach with my arm. "And I don't even know how it's possible since my stomach is pretty much empty from the last time I threw up."

Conner peers over his shoulder at me. "Well, at least you got that whole glowing look going for you."

I frown as I slouch back against the cupboard and wipe the sweat from my forehead. "Gee, thanks." I sigh tiredly and shut my eyes, wishing I could just go to sleep.

"So, what do you think?" Conner asks and I hear him shut a cupboard. "Is this place the one?"

I force my eyes open and glance around at the distressed kitchen counters, the chipped tile floor, and the blinding yellow countertops that match the trimming of the entire apartment. "It's kind of old and rundown, don't you think?"

"Yeah, but it's only temporary until I get promoted, which should happen soon." He crouches down in front of me, all smiles and happiness. I don't know how the hell he does it-how he manages to be so happy when everything around us is spinning in chaos and uncertainty. Just under seventeen years old and I'm having a baby. In just over six months, I'll be responsible for another human being yet I won't even be at legal drinking age.

"Maybe you could sell one of your cars," I suggest. I've always dreamed of living in a nice house with walls that weren't stained with the residue of meth, and the rooms untainted with dark memories. I've dreamed of having a house that has a roof that doesn't leak, a place that I could call my own.

But I've also dreamed of going to college when I turned eighteen. Getting a career. Finally being on my own. And that dream is looking pretty bleak right now.

"I can't do that. Those cars mean a lot to me, Avery," he says, his smile fading for the briefest moment, but it happens so quickly I can barely register it, let alone process the meaning behind it.

"I thought I meant everything to you." I blame my weakness on my hormones but really part of it stems from the fear of being alone, pregnant, and living in that God-awful house with my mother.

He sighs. "Look, I promise things will get better just as soon as I get promoted. And if they don't, the cars will go."

"Okay, but"-I slowly inhale as another bout of nausea hits me-"what about Jax? I can't just leave him."

Conner's happiness falters. "Av, as much as I love Jax, I don't think we can have him live with us." When I frown, he cups my face in his hands. "At least not until we get on our own feet. Maybe after the baby comes and we get the balance of being parents."

I'm on the verge of bawling. "But what if I can't?"

"What if you can't what?"

"Find a balance." Hot tears downpour from my eyes. "I mean, I've never had an actual mother to observe and what if... I suck. You're lucky. You have a mom who showed you how the whole parenting thing works."

"You won't suck," he promises as he sits cross-legged on the floor in front of me. "This is all going to work out. Things will be perfect. You'll see."

Sometimes I wonder if he really sees though. Ever since the day I told him I was pregnant, he's been nothing except positive and happy about it to the point where I question if he really understands what's going on, if he can see the bigger picture. That everything is going to change-that the days of having fun and staying out all night are gone.

That our dreamer days are over.

Gone.

"Yeah, okay." Vomit burns at the back of my throat seconds later. I spring to my feet, shoving him out of the way as I rush for the bathroom. I've been this way for the last month and I'm getting sick of it. I did some searching online and found out that it could keep going on like this for the entire first trimester.

I puke my guts out for the next couple of minutes then lie down on the floor and press my overheated cheek to the cool linoleum. I'm not sure how long I stay that way, but it's long enough that I expect Conner to come in and check on me. But after a lot of time drifts by and he doesn't, I finally drag my ass back to the kitchen where he's sitting on the cupboard, texting.

"Hey, are you doing okay?" he asks, preoccupied by his phone.

I nod as I cross the kitchen to him. "Yeah, but I can't wait until this whole morning sickness thing wears off."

He punches a few more buttons then puts the away and hops off the counter. "Me too," he agrees, taking my hand. "I have an idea though, that might get your mind off it."

"Oh yeah?" I ask with interest. "And what's that?"

"There's a party going on at the college that I got invited to. We should go."

I frown and slip my hand out of his. "Conner, I don't want to go to a party. The smell of alcohol alone will make me puke even when I'm not pregnant."

Now he's frowning.

Over the last two months, Conner has made a habit of going to a lot of parties. I try to tell myself that it has nothing to do with the fact that I'm pregnant and that he's trying to grasp on to what little adolescence he has left.

"Come on, Avery," he begs. "We always used to have fun at parties while being sober."

I place my hand on my stomach. "And I used to not be pregnant."

He's livid, maybe more than I've ever seen him. For a second, the sweet boy that talked me into dating him no longer exists. "You say that like it's my fault."

"Well, it does take two people to create a baby."

"You should have been on birth control," he snaps.

"And maybe you should have worn a condom," I retort, backing toward the front door. "Don't pretend like this is my fault-it's both of ours."

"Whatever," he mutters, turning his back on me. "I'm not even sure if it's mine."

I want to shout at him. I should shout at him. Conner is the only guy I've ever had sex with and he knows it. He's acting like a child and it puts even more doubt in my head that we'll be able to handle this whole parent thing.

"Fuck you," I manage to get out before I leave the apartment in tears.

I ride the bus home where a full-blown party is going on. I try to rush up the stairs and ignore the noise, but my mother's still sober enough that she corners me at the stairway.

"Where have you been?" she asks, puffing on a cigarette. She looks twenty years past her age-wrinkly, sagging skin, and a body that's falling apart-yet she dresses like she's my age.

"Out with Conner." I move to step around her, but she sidesteps in front of me and obstructs my path. The bitter scent of tequila flows off her breath and I know I'm in for a world of hurt. As much as I loathe myself for thinking it, I prefer my druggie, passed out mother over the drunk, chatty one.

"That guy friend of yours?" she wonders with a slur to her speech.

"No, my boyfriend for months now."

"Yeah, we'll see how long that lasts." She eyeballs my stomach. "After the baby comes."

I told my mother out of courtesy that I'm pregnant. Her response was to laugh at me and tell me how she's not surprised and good luck with that. That was it. There was no offer to help. No words of encouragement. No nothing. And I hadn't expected any more from her. After all, I've been taking care of myself for as long as I can recollect. But it did make me painfully aware of how alone I really am without Conner. I hate how vulnerable I feel, but can't shut off my emotions as well as I used to.

Maybe I overreacted with the party thing.

"Leave me alone." When I step for the stairs this time, she moves out of my way, but her laughter chases after me as I sprint up the stairway.

Once I lock myself in my bedroom, I try to shake off her words but they linger inside my mind. I decide to send Conner a text before I begin looking for jobs in the newspaper. I already have a job waitressing at Delly's Good Time Diner, although I'm not sure how long that's going to last once I start showing and my feet start swelling. My boss is already having issues with my morning sickness.

The jobs are pretty slim around here but I circle a couple that I'll apply for. It's getting late so I change into my pajamas and climb into bed then check my phone for messages. I try not to be upset that Conner hasn't called or texted, but I end up crying my eyes out with the sound of my mother's stereo tormenting me. It goes on most of the night and somewhere in the late hours, a sleepy Jax wanders into my room and curls up next to me. I should go downstairs and turn off the music-I'm sure everyone's passed out by now anyway. But I'm afraid. Afraid I'll see my future staring back at me in the form of my mother. Single, a druggie/alcoholic, who is incapable of being a mother. All alone and bitter.

I end up pathetically begging for Conner to come back to me, sending him text after text. Then I lie in my bed and bawl soundlessly into my pillow until I pass out from exhaustion. By the time I wake up, the sun has risen, the stars are asleep, and Conner is in my room.

"I love you, Avery," he says as he kneels down beside my bed.

He's still wearing the shirt and shorts he had on yesterday, but I try not to question too much, try to pretend that everything is as okay as it was the day we first met.

"I'm sorry, okay? But I'm going to take better care of you. Way better than what you have." He glances around at the patched up walls of my bedroom and the leaking ceiling before he reaches over a sleeping Jax and places a hand on my stomach. "The both of you."

His reminder of how much I need him makes it easier to ignore the smell of booze and cigarettes on his breath and the fact that I sent him at least ten texts last night, pleading with him to answer me, yet he never did. It makes it simpler for me to take him back. Or maybe it's that I don't want to admit the truth to myself. That I am scared. Not just of being alone or being a mother, but scared of everything ahead of me. That fear blinds me from seeing all the horrible and difficult stuff waiting for me in the future.

My reality.

Not my dreams.

Chapter 13

Welcome to your own personal nightmare.

Tristan

Hit.

After hit.

Drink.

After drink.

Bump.

After bump.

Pain.

And then nothing.

Pain.

Then nothing.

I'm living in my own self-created nightmare. Nothing makes sense anymore, but then again, I'm not sure anything ever did. I haven't even graduated from high school yet and I've been kicked out of my parents' house. I'm going to move into a trailer park and live with Dylan, a guy who sells crack for a living. And I'm helping him, something I was ashamed of at first, but now...

Nothing matters anymore.

And part of me likes it.

Likes the silence.

Likes not caring about anything.

I can't even remember who I am anymore, even when I look in the mirror. And my parents, they're about as disappointed in me as... well, as much as they've ever been. That hasn't changed. In fact, the only thing that has changed is they've banned me from the house. My mother told me the day after Ryder's funeral.

"I want you gone," she'd demanded. "I can't take it anymore."

Take what, Mom, I'd wondered, me or Ryder being gone?

But I haven't gone back to the house since then. After I'd said my goodbyes, I just walked around and ended up where the drugs are.

Now a week later, I've returned home to get my stuff.

"I told you not to come here anymore," my mother says as she dithers in the doorway of the room that once used to be mine. I tried to come when she wasn't home, but she showed up before I could get my shit and go.

"I'm not really here," I explain to her as I rummage in the dresser for clothes to pack. "Just getting some stuff and moving out like you told me to do."

"Well, you can't just show up when no one's home." She tentatively enters the room as if she's scared of me. Then she moves closer and studies my eyes before huffing in frustration. "And you can't be here when you're high."

I stuff a handful of clothes into a duffel bag and narrow my bloodshot eyes at her. "I already told you I'm not really here. Just. Getting. My. Shit." I zip up the bag, feeling sickly gratified by the hurt in her eyes from my angry tone. "Now move out of my way and I'll be gone."

"I wish that were really true!" she shouts after me as I brush by her, slinging the bag over my shoulder filled with the only contents that belong to me now. And the bag is very light. "I wish you were really gone, but we both know you'll be back here! You always come back!"

I bite down on my tongue all the way to the front door... Somewhere beneath being strung out and the lingering alcohol and drugs in my system, I know she has every right to be pissed off at me.

The disappointment.

Their only son.

Who's chosen this life.

A life that isn't a life at all.

"Tristan, just stop," she pleads as I step over the threshold and embark into the cold night air. "Please, just stay for two minutes... I just want to talk."

"About what?" I ask without turning around. "Getting sober? Because I don't want to talk about that." Can't talk about it.

"You need to get clean."

"Why?"

Because you love me?

Because you miss me?

Because it hurts you to see me hurting myself?

"Because it's the right thing to do," she answers, walking up behind me. "You're not supposed to go around doing drugs. You're supposed to be a better person, like..." She starts to choke up. "Like Ryder was. She was such a good person."

"But I'm not Ryder. I'm just... me." I shake my head then jog down the stairs, going farther into the night before calling over my shoulder, "And I'm not so sure of what's right and wrong because everything always feels so wrong."

She doesn't say anything and I walk underneath the stars toward a dark, unknown road. A road that I've been traveling for a long time. When I reach my final destination, I have to question if maybe it's my final destination.

Forever.

By the time I enter the trailer home, I feel lonelier than I ever have before. I have no direction, no focus, no purpose. At least here there are people around me, some who I'd consider friends. Friends that like to get high, spun, and drunk, over and over again.

The entire room smells like pot, bottles of alcohol line the counters and tables, and there are couples making out on the plaid sofas in the living room, none of who notice my presence.

I'm invisible again.

"Hey cutie." A woman at least five years older than me struts up beside me. She has short, bleach blonde hair, massive pupils, and a fake tan. Her boobs are bursting out of her top and her leather skirt barely covers her ass.

"Hey." I force a smile as I drop my bag onto the orange carpet and take a look around at the place that's going to be my new home.

"So what are you doing?" she asks as she follows me into the small kitchen area.

"Just getting a drink." I grab a plastic cup from the yellow countertop and open the nearest bottle of alcohol.

"Oh yeah, I was just going to get one too." She pours herself a drink and then joins me in the living room.

Music booms from the stereo, a porno plays on the television, and the lights are turned down low enough that I can't see exactly what everyone's doing but can hear moaning from somewhere in the room. I haven't had sex yet, not because I don't want to, but because I haven't found anyone who wants to have sex with me. All the people in the living room clearly have the exact opposite problem. For a second, I feel strangely out of place and wonder why I chose to live here. Is this any better than living under a roof with people who don't want me? I still feel just as lonely.

As I'm standing there debating whether to sit down on the sofa, go back to my room, or run out the front door, someone puts a hand on my arm. When I turn my head, I discover the older woman is standing beside me with a joint in her hand and a lazy smile on her face.

"What you looking for, sweetie?" she asks, handing me the joint. She eyes me over, her hungry gaze eating me up. She wants me. I've never been wanted before and I kind of like the feeling. In fact, I'm enthralled by it.

"I have no idea," I say then put the end of the joint up to my mouth and suck in a deep hit. But I start to hack when my lungs burn and realize it's not weed that I just smoked, but something else-something way more potent. "What was that?" I cough, giving her the joint back.

"Something that will relax you." Her grin expands and I blink my eyes as the drug seeps into my body and makes my mind all hazy. "Follow me," she says as her fingers enclose around my arm.

I allow her to lead me down the dimly lit hallway and into my room, either because I'm losing touch with reality, lonely, or because she's noticing me-perhaps all three. When we get back there, she closes the door and locks us in before facing me.

"How old are you sweetie?" she asks, reclining against the door, her glassy eyes fixed on me.

I kick some clothes out of the way as I make my way to the mattress on the floor. "Old enough," I tell her, uncertain where my bold response comes from other than the fact that everything seems to be spinning into something else, including myself.

"You're cute." She stands upright, ambles over to me, and offers me the joint.

I think about asking what drug it is again, but decide I really don't care.

About anything.

I take another hit and the smoke saturates my lungs and soul while the woman strips off her clothes. Then she removes the joint from my hand, sets it aside in an ashtray on my drawerless dresser. She pulls my shirt over my head and undoes the button on my jeans. The way her hands graze across my skin feels so good and the way she's looking at me, with want in her eyes, makes me feel alive in what feels like forever.

She can see me.

Feel me.

Knows I exist.

Maybe even wants me.

After all our clothes are piled on the floor, she inches her lips toward mine. "I'm going to take care of you," she whispers then slips her fingers through mine and guides me to the corner of the room where the mattress is. When she gently shoves me down, I fall onto it.

And keep falling.

And falling.

And falling.

I never stop falling the entire way through it.

Because there's no bottom.

Just like there's no way to get back up.

Even when it's over, I still feel like I'm falling, but I feel like maybe I'm not falling alone, but with her.

Maybe I don't have to be alone all the time.

My mind is racing a thousand miles a minute as I lie on the mattress and watch the woman climb off me and get dressed. I can't think straight, either from the drugs or the sex-I'm not really sure.

"What's your name?" I ask, breathless.

She simply smiles at me as she pulls her shirt over her head. "It doesn't really matter, does it? None of this does." I swear her eyes silently say, 'neither do you.'

Then she bends down to give me a kiss on the forehead. "I had fun." It's all she says before she stands up and walks out of the room.

Using me.

And leaving me.

Alone again.

Present day....

Chapter 14

The Abyss

Tristan

Drink.

After drink.

After drink.

Sitting out on the porch of the motel, I grip a nearly empty bottle of vodka. I've fallen off the cliff again and I'm not even sure what set me off this time. Rejection from Avery? Maybe. Perhaps when she put an end to something we never really had to begin with, it gave me the final push.

Deep down, part of me knew the reason why I've been sober for the last three months has something to do with Avery and what she did for me that night. Because part of me had thought that maybe she is different from everyone else that has floated in and out of my life.

But there's even more to it than just Avery. A bigger reason that is buried under years of rejection and the simple fact that I've never been too good at living life.

Never.

Ever.

Ever.

Not really.

The alcohol is starting to fade and my emotions prickle through, sharp and potent. Finally the agony becomes too great.

I trip to my feet and stagger toward the room five doors down, chucking the bottle on my way, watching it shatter into a thousand pieces across the parking lot. Then I bang on the door. I'm not just looking for drugs. I'm looking for something to numb all the buzzing noise and pain inside me. And when the door swings open, I'm greeted by someone who has something I know will help me.

Bury the pain.

The rejection.

The silence.

The void in my life I can only fill with alcohol and drugs.

And I fall back into the abyss.

And fall.

And fall.

And fall.

To nowhere.

Chapter 15

The epiphany.

Avery

I've regretted a lot of things in my life, some that weren't in my control, though most were made by my own free will. Like the home I lived in for seventeen years. Getting married young. Conner. Every bottle I picked up.

Conner.

Not graduating from high school, but getting my GED. Having a baby so young and not being the best mother I could be.

Conner.

Not being able to provide for Mason like most moms do. Not giving him a good father. Struggling for so many years. Dying.

Conner.

And now I've added one more thing to that list.

Tristan.

I'm not even sure why I regret stopping the kiss, but I do. I regretted it the moment I left the alley and even more so the next day when he doesn't show up to work on the house. The regret festers inside me more and more with each passing day I don't see him. My worry increases when I realize that Nova is avoiding me. Whenever the two of us cross paths, all she does is wave and offer me a friendly smile. No, "Hey, let's go hang out," or "How are you doing?" It's a continuous pattern that I don't like and I hate how much I don't like it because it means so much more than what I want it to.

When day three of no Tristan rolls around, I begin to develop an obsession, knowing something might be wrong. Even with the random, heavy-breathing phone calls I receive every day, I still can't concentrate on anything but Tristan. That night, I have a dream. The kind of dream that seeps deep into your blood and bones, the kind you can't forget or stop thinking about.

In it, I'm burning alive, same old, same old, until Tristan materializes in the middle of the violent flames with me, looking as horrified as he did when I told him to stop kissing me. Instead of running from the fire, he just stands there with me, burning alive. I want to open my mouth and beg him to get out, but my lips remain sealed. I want to push him back toward the door, but my feet stay firmly planted to the floor. I want to stop the fire, but just like when the fire happened in real life, I don't stop everything from igniting into flames. And we both end up burning, watching each other fade away into the smoke and flames. When I wake up, I swear my scars feel charred all over again and I can't shake the feeling that the dream is my subconscious trying to tell me something.

But what?

What are you trying to tell me?

As I lie in bed overanalyzing everything, my phone starts vibrating from the nightstand. I'm instantly wary about the incoming phone call, considering how late it is. The wariness multiplies when the unknown number flickers across the screen. This time, I don't answer it. If it is Conner, I don't want to talk to him or hear his breathing.

Eventually, the caller hangs up without leaving a voicemail, and I attempt to go back to sleep, but between the call and the dream, I'm wide awake and end up climbing out of bed to get a drink.

As I'm pouring a glass of milk, the sliding door glides open. Paranoia seizes me, and I spill milk all over the counter, reaching for a knife in the drawer, ready to fend off whoever is entering my home.

What if it's Conner?

But Jax wanders in from outside, bringing in the faint scent of cigarette smoke with him. He's sporting pajama bottoms and a jacket with the hood over his head. As he shuts the door, he catches sight of the knife in my hand and his jaw drops. "What the fuck, Avery?"

I lower the knife. "Sorry, I heard someone and thought..." I trail off, not wanting to worry him.

"Thought what?" he asks as he draws the hood off and unzips his jacket.

"Nothing." I set the knife on the counter and reach for a roll of paper towels. "What were you doing out there this late at night?"

"Smoking." He shucks off his jacket and drapes it over a table chair. "What are you doing standing in the kitchen in the dark?"

I rip off a paper towel from the roll and then flip on the light. "I couldn't sleep."

"Me neither." He crosses the kitchen and opens the fridge. "What was it about this time?"

I pause, in the middle of wiping up the puddle of milk. "What was what about?"

He grabs a cheese stick then shuts the refrigerator door. "Your nightmare." He faces me as he removes the wrapper. "That is why you can't sleep, right?"

I ball up the wet paper towel and toss it in the trash. "Yeah... but how did you know?"

He peels a thin piece of cheese off. "Because I can hear you sometimes when you wake up crying from them."

I frown as I screw the cap back on the milk. "You were never supposed to hear that."

"I've heard worse."

"I know... but I don't want to be the worse for you."

He sighs as he discards the wrapper into the trash. "You'll never be the worst part of my life, Avery. And you need to stop thinking that."

"I can't help it. I worry all the time."

"I know you do. You need to stop and start having some fun and enjoy the life you have."

"I do have fun," I protest as I put the milk away. "And I enjoy my life all the time."

"When do you ever have fun?" he asks condescendingly.

"Um, how about a week ago when I went to the concert?" I reply lamely as I bump the fridge door shut with my hip.

He rolls his eyes. "Yeah, you looked like you had fun when you came home. You were so tired and you'd been crying."

I gape at him. "You could tell I'd been crying?"

He bites the top of the cheese off. "I'm not blind. Of course I could tell."

"I know you're not blind, but..." I shake my head as I pick up the glass of milk. "I'll do better from now on, I promise. No more crying."

"That sounds nice in theory, but I don't want you to do better for us," he tells me. "I want you to do better for you. I worry about you. Not just with the crying and lack of sleep, but because you always seem lonely."

"Well, I'm not lonely."

"You seem like you are. And the last time you seemed that way you... Well, you know..." He trails off, but I know what he's going to say.

You became an alcoholic.

"I'm fine. I promise." I rotate the cup in my hand, thinking. "Besides, the nightmare wasn't really a nightmare, at least not my normal one. This one was just because... I was thinking too hard about something."

"About what?"

I shrug then swallow a gulp of milk. "Just some person I met at Habitat for Humanity who I'm worried about."

His brows shoot up in surprise. "A guy?"

"What? No." I clear my throat. "Well, okay. Yeah."

"I thought you didn't do guys."

"I don't."

"You sure about that?" He studies me meticulously from the other side of the kitchen island, then his teasing brother demeanor arises. "Because I wouldn't judge you if you did. It's been a long time, and you have to be super hor-"

"Do not finish that sentence." I stride across the kitchen and shove him toward the hallway. "Now go to bed. It's late."

He grins but does what he's told and heads for his bedroom. "Yes, Mother."

Moments later, I'm alone in the kitchen. I check the back door to make sure it's locked then finish off my milk and climb back into bed, my thoughts instantly drifting to Tristan again. Things would be so much easier if I just had his number so I could text him and...

And what?

What would be the point of texting him?

There wouldn't be one unless it was to break my rule for the third time with him.

God, things are getting so complicated. I can't help thinking how much simpler it would be if I had a few drinks in me. Tough situations were always easier when I was intoxicated. Of course, the simplicity was all an illusion that ended in flames.

As the alcoholic side of my brain momentarily takes over, an epiphany slaps me across the face.

Hard.

Three months.

Tristan has been clean for only three months.

And now he's disappeared.

And Nova is mad at me.

I know firsthand how temperamental recovering addicts can be. Whether it has anything to do with how hurt he looked when he walked away or not, I decide that I need to check up on him and make sure he's okay. No rule breaking, just doing what's right. If only I could convince myself that was the only reason.

But there's more to it than that.

Way too much more.

More than I fully understand.

Chapter 16

The irrevocable decision.

Avery

The next morning when I show up at the Habitat for Humanity home, I embark on a mission that is driven by determination and an unseen force and immediately seek out Nova. I find her out back, drinking a bottle of water and standing in the shade from the partial walls that are now up on the house. She's gazing out at the dry field behind the property, looking about as upset as she has been for the last three days.

"Hey," I say as I approach her, drawing my sunglasses off my eyes and dabbing my sweaty eyeliner with my fingertips.

She glances at me then formally smiles. "Oh hey, Avery. How's it going?"

"Good." I join her in the shade and recline against one of the boards. A gap of silence goes by while I try to figure out the best way to word what I need to ask. "So... Is everything okay?"

She nods, twisting the lid back on the bottle. "Yeah, I was just taking a little break from the heat. Where I come from, it probably peaks to about sixty in September. This heat is insane"

"Yeah, it gets really hot here." I pause, itching at my arm as I stare at the ground. "I was actually wondering if everything was all right with... with Tristan."

"Yeah... he's just taking a little break from working." Her voice is tense.

I glance over at her. "Doing what?"

She shrugs, staring at the dry, crisp field again. "I don't know."

I don't want to cross a line, but I need to know. "Is he okay? I mean with... stuff."

Her gaze confronts me. "What kind of stuff are you talking about exactly?"

I shrug. "Recovery stuff."

She clutches the bottle and her expression is anything but friendly. I don't know how to respond to it because she always seems super nice.

"What happened between you two Tuesday night?" she asks.

"Tristan didn't tell you?"

"No. He doesn't tell me a lot of things-he doesn't tell a lot of people things."

I fiddle with a loop on my denim shorts. I'm usually not one for chatting about my personal life but I have a feeling Nova isn't going to give up the information unless I divulge. "We kissed, but I stopped things before they... got too far."

"Aw, shit," Nova sighs in dismay. Then she tips her head back and chugs the rest of the water. "I knew something went wrong and that's why..." She wipes a few drops of water from her lips, crunches the bottle with her hand, then hurries over to a trashcan near the corner of the property.

I skid down the sloped backyard, chasing after her. "And that's why what?"

"Why did you stop the kiss?" she asks accusingly.

I wince at the memory of the kiss. "That's kind of a personal question."

"Yeah, but I need to know."

"Why?"

"Because I've been pushing him toward you for the last week, and I'm starting to wonder just how badly I messed up."

I pull my sunglasses back over my eyes. "Why would you do that? You don't even know me."

She reaches into her pocket for a pack of gum. "Yeah, but you gave off a good vibe."

"You believe people do that?" I ask, moving my ponytail away from my sweaty neck and fanning my damp skin with my hand.

She unwraps a piece of gum. "Yeah, kind of." She pops the piece of gum into her mouth and chews it for a moment. "I'd like to believe I'm a good judge of character, so I need to know."

"Why I stopped the kiss with Tristan?" I check to make sure I'm following her. When she nods, I begrudgingly sigh, knowing I'm going to give her what she's asking for even though I really don't want to. "I did it for a lot of reasons, but the main one was because I don't trust my judge of character when it comes to men." I touch the bottom of my shirt that covers the most severe of my scars.

"Tristan's a good person," she says as she chucks the gum wrapper into the trashcan.

"I think I knew-know that. I just have trust issues." With men. With myself. With life. "But I need to make sure he's okay. I want to... to be his friend. And yours too." I smile so she knows I'm being authentic.

She contemplates what I've said. "You promise you won't hurt him?"

I nod. "I would never hurt anyone intentionally."

She carefully considers my answer before she sticks out her hand. "Give me your phone."

Puzzled, I hand it over. "Why?"

"Because I'm going to type in the address of the motel we're staying at." She swipes her finger across the screen then presses a few buttons before giving me my phone back. "I'm almost positive he'll be there. And I think it would be good for him if you visited, as long as your intentions are good."

I tuck my phone into my pocket, unsure how to react. I wasn't planning on going to visit him, just checking to make sure he's okay. "Okay... but I should probably go finish work first."

She waves me off. "I'll cover for you."

"Are you sure?" Because I'm not.

"Yes. Positive."

"Okay." I apprehensively nod then start toward the parking area out front, baffled, not just because I'm going but because I feel a pull to go... Well, in the direction of my Jeep at least.

"And Avery?" Nova calls out as she rushes after me.

I pause before turning around. "Yeah."

She checks from left to right as she hurries up to me. When she's inches away, she leans in and lowers her voice. "Tristan said that three months ago you found some... stuff on him."

"You mean drugs?" I ask quietly.

She nervously nods. "So you know his problem is more than just alcohol, then?"

Boy, do I.

"I do to an extent. But we don't know each other very well." Which is true. The main thing driving me toward Tristan is this crazy idea that sometimes dreams aren't dreams. And sometimes death isn't just death. That they both have a deeper meaning and purpose. And that Tristan has temporarily become the focus of that meaning and purpose like Jax and Mason usually are. How this happened, I have no idea.

As Nova fiddles with a leather band on her wrist, I notice that she has a tattoo underneath it-Never Forget-along with a scar. "Just know that Tristan slips up a lot and he might have slipped up the last couple of nights, so just be prepared."

I agonizingly recollect all the times I saw my mother doped up and how terrible of a person it made her. "He's high now?"

She swiftly shakes her head. "No, just hung over. Quinton's watching him today, so hopefully he'll be pretty decent by the time you get there."

I almost tell her that maybe I shouldn't go. That I'm in over my head. That, if Quinton's there, Tristan doesn't need me.

I should stay away.

I really should.

Walk away.

But Nova's looking at me with such hope in her eyes, and I swear I hear a silent cry from somewhere.

Help me.

Help him.

Help someone.

Is this what I'm supposed to be doing?

I'm not sure if it's Nova that needs my help, the situation, or if I can even help at all, but regardless I find myself agreeing to go check on Tristan. Then I head for my car, wondering what I've gotten myself into and if I can handle it.

If I want to handle it.

***

I stop at a store and buy some cupcakes on the way to the motel. Why? I have no idea other than I feel the need for procrastinating and sugar. I'm nervous and I almost turn around and drive back home several times, which is saying a lot considering the motel is only a couple of miles away from the construction site. I have so much going on already. School. Work. The Habitat for Humanity house. Mason. Jaxon. Bills. Sobriety. The future. The list is endless, and adding more to it seems ludicrous. But the thing that keeps me from completely turning the car around each time is the feeling that I need to go make sure he's okay, something no one ever did for me in the past. If someone would have, I might not be in this moment right now.

It's strange when I really think about it, how each decision I've made has altered my life in one way or another, taken me on another path. Life is so full of twists and turns that map our future. Some we take on our own and others we're yanked onto. Right now, I feel like I'm taking a new turn toward...

Well, I'm not sure yet.

Nor am I positive if I'm taking it on my own.

But I'm anxious to find out.

After forty-five minutes of procrastination, I pull up to a motel that reminds me of the apartments in The Subs-all worn out, overused, abused, in desperate need of some fixing up. The appearance makes it even more difficult to get out.

I stay in the car for quite a few minutes, unable to climb out, yet unable to drive away. I need advice, or guidance, or something, but all I receive is sunlight, a shitty motel, and the stench of vanilla air freshener.

I end up calling Jax since he's the only other person in my life I talk to anymore besides Charissa, but there's no way I'm telling her any of this.

"Hey," he answers after three rings. "What's wrong?"

I slump back in the seat and pick at a crack in the steering wheel. "Why would you automatically think something's wrong?"

"Because you've never called me while I was in school unless there's something wrong."

"You know me too well." I sigh. "I just... I'm worried. I think I might be in over my head with something and just needed to talk to someone. Or procrastinate doing something."

"Mason will be fine," Jax reassures me. "He'll get past the absent dad thing eventually-we both did."

"I know that." My head falls back against the leather headrest and I wish I was staring at the night sky instead of the cracked ceiling of my vehicle. "That's not what I was talking about though."

"Oh." He pauses. "Is it drinking? Do you feel like you're going to drink?"

My mouth sinks into a frown. "Have I ever had a problem with drinking in the two and a half years I've been sober?"

"I don't know... You never talk about yourself, Avery, at least on a personal level. Just Mason and me, other people, bills, laundry, and school. That's it. So I never know what's going on with you. Fuck, you could be dating someone, and I wouldn't even know it."

After momentarily pondering his words, I realize just how right he is. All that time I spent crying in my car, stressing at night, and unable to sleep, and I thought no one had any idea. And that's how I wanted it. At least, that's what I thought until Jax told me last night that he already knew about the crying.

Maybe it's time to start opening up a little.

"Okay, I'll try to work on that in the future, but right now, I have to ask you a question." I raise my head up and flip down the visor to block the sunlight. "So there's this guy that I've been hanging out with-"

"It's not Conner, is it?" He sounds so disappointed in me. "Because if it is then-"

"What? No! Like I would ever get near that asshole again after what happened."

"Sorry, but I had to check. Sometimes that happens, you know. People go back to people even when they've done unthinkable things to them... like Mom and me. Even I think about going back to her sometimes. I used to go back to her all the time when I was living with her and she begged for my help. I'd always say it was the last time, but it never was until she was gone."

"You think about going back to her still?" I'm shocked and kind of appalled.

"Not to live with her or anything," He quickly says, "just to see if I can find her and see if she's okay. I mean, I know she did a lot of fucked up stuff, but it'd be nice to know if she was dead or alive."

"I know," I agree quietly. "I wish I could find out where she is too, without actually having to talk to her. I wish you never had to go through that stuff with her."

Silence stretches between us. I'm uncertain what Jax is thinking of but I'm remembering that night I got a phone call from him, the one where I decided it was time for him to come live with me. He sounded so broken, so unlike Jax, and I felt so guilty-still do-for the stuff he went through. Stuff he sometimes talks to me about but I'm sure I haven't heard all of it.

I finally clear my throat and break the silence. "Well, I'm not going to go back to Conner. I can promise you that."

"I know you're not," he says. "I just... worry."

"Me too." I touch a small scar on my upper arm. It's so faint that hardly anyone notices it unless they look really hard. I notice it all the time, though, never forgetting. "It's this guy I met at Habitat for Humanity. His name is Tristan and he... Well, I barely know him, yet I feel like I need to help him for reasons I can't explain to you right now."

As a gap of silence passes between us again, I wonder if he thinks I'm crazy. If I worried him even more.

I don't want him to worry.

He should never have to worry.

"Tristan... the guy who wrote on our cupboard?" he finally asks. "Was that the guy you had a dream about last night?"

"Yeah. You know about him and the cupboard?" I'm stunned again by his awareness of what's going on in my life.

"Yeah, just like I know you fall asleep in front of it all the time."

"Oh." I'm not sure how I feel about Jax knowing so much. Just what else does he know? "Well... Yeah, it's the same guy."

"Okay, so what do you need to help him with exactly?" he treads cautiously. "I can't give advice without more details, Av."

"With sobriety stuff. He has some problems."

Silence.

And I wonder what he's thinking again.

Or if he's remembering...

Everything.

"Even though I love you, and you're super good at taking care of stuff," he says. "You're not a sponsor. Nor do I think you have time to be one. You already have too much on your plate."

"Yeah, I know, but..." What am I supposed to say? That I had this dream about Tristan needing my help. That ever since I came back to life, I've felt like I was brought back to help somebody. That I had to in order to pay for what I did. That I'm starting to think Tristan might be that somebody I'm supposed to help. "What if I want to help him? Not just for him, but for myself? Call it selfish, but what if helping him gives me self-gratification?"

"Then I'd say it was a whole different story because you deserve some self-gratification," Jax replies. "But you should make sure."

"Make sure of what exactly?"

"That it's what you want to do. You already do a shitload of stuff for other people. One of these days, I'm worried you're going to fall apart or something."

"I'm never going to fall apart like that again," I promise him in a harsh tone. "I'm not that girl anymore."

"I'm not talking about that night. I'm just talking about life and making sure you take care of yourself before you take care of others."

"I will. I promise. I just need to do this... for whatever the reason may be."

"Then let me know if you need any help."

"I will." I hear someone say something in the background. "I'll let you go. Want to go out to dinner later? I know the cupboards are in desperate need of restocking."

"Sounds like a plan, but only if you let me pay."

"No way-"

"Avery."

"Fine," I grimace. "But next time it's on me. Deal?"

"Deal. See you at home."

"Okay. And Jax?"

"Yeah?"

"Thanks for the talk. You give good advice."

"Anytime." He sounds happy, and I don't feel as bad for spilling my problems to him, but still wish I had someone else, someone older, someone who I didn't mind relying on so much. "I feel like I don't help enough."

"You do. I promise." We say our goodbyes and hang up.

I feel the slightest bit better after the phone conversation, but getting out of the car still proves to be problematic. Somehow though, I manage to get the door open and plant my feet on the ground. Then I grab the box of cupcakes and approach the door to his room. With a deep breath, I straighten my shoulders, then knock.

I can hear someone on the other side and I cross my fingers that no one else is here except Quinton and Tristan, like say, a drug dealer, druggies, or anything else that has to do with drugs.

Seconds later, the curtain on the window next to the door is drawn back and Quinton glances out. After I wave at him, he releases the curtain. Then I hear the chain drag and the door swings open.

"Hey, what are you doing here?" Quinton asks. He's wearing a tank top and I notice a tattoo on his arm that lists names along with: no one.

I wonder what it means.

I shift my attention away from his tattoo when he covers it with his hand, lifting my gaze to him. "I came here to see Tristan," I tell him and then present the box of cupcakes. "And I brought treats."

He glances at the unmade beds behind him then back at me. "I don't think now's a good time, Avery."

I lower the box of cupcakes. "Nova sent me."

His forehead furrows. "She did?" He retrieves his phone and checks the screen. "Yeah, okay. I guess I missed it when she texted me." He peers over his shoulder at the beds again.

I wonder what Nova told him exactly.

"Is Tristan here?" I glance over his shoulder at the empty room.

"He's in the shower." He seems torn over something. "You sure you want to get into this, Avery? I mean, this kind of stuff is hard to deal with for most people."

"You mean drug related stuff?" I ask, and he nods. Here's your out, Avery. Take it and run. "I've never done drugs myself, but my mother's drug of choice was heroin." The words pour out of my mouth under no control of my own. "And crystal. And weed. And anything and everything that you could possibly smoke, shoot up, or snort." I trace my collarbone along the inked words that bring me strength whenever I think about opening a bottle. Never forget the strength it took to free yourself. "And mine was, well it was alcohol." I'm not sure why I'm telling him this other than it seems like the best place to start.

His attention lingers on the tattoo as I lower my fingers from the ink. "You sound a lot like Nova," he says and by the admiration in his voice, I take it as a good thing.

"Nova's had alcohol issues too?" I ask, adjusting the box of cupcakes to my side.

"No, she just has strength." He backs away from the doorway and extends his arm out behind him to turn the television off. "And a lot of determination to help people like..." He trails off, scratching at the back of his neck with uneasiness.

"Like Tristan?"

"Yeah and others."

I think he might be referring to himself, but I tell myself to deal with one person at a time. "So are you going to let me in or what?" I ask in an upbeat tone, attempting to improve the gloomy mood. "I'll let you have one if you let me in." I wiggle the box of cupcakes at him, trying to entice him with frosty goodness. "They even have little heart candies on them."

He cracks a smile then moves back and motions me in. "Sure. Come on in."

My feet feel as heavy as a bag of bricks as I enter the compact room. I can hear the shower running behind a closed door toward the back. Clothes are thrown about the floor and the dresser is cluttered with deodorant, perfume, cologne, and makeup. "Do you and Nova stay here too?" I ask Quinton as he closes the door.

He nods then takes a seat on a table in front of the window, drawing back the curtain, and letting warm sunlight trickle into the room. "Yeah, we bunk up to save money."

"That's pretty smart. Although it probably sucks for a few reasons." I elevate my brows as I glance at the bed.

Quinton chuckles under his breath. "Yeah, just a little bit."

After that, it grows awkwardly quiet, and when I hear the shower shut off, I almost feel thankful. Still, minutes tick by where no one speaks so I finally open the box of cupcakes, take one out for myself, and offer Quinton one. He grabs one then picks off the pink frosting before devouring the cake part.

"You ruined the best part," I remark then lick a mouthful of frosting off mine.

He shrugs, peeling the wrapper down. "It's too sweet..." He drifts off as the bathroom door opens up.

A cloud of steam exits first and then Tristan follows. He's shirtless, all carved muscles and tattoos that are damp from the moisture in the air. His jeans sit low on his hips, and he has a towel in his hand that he's using to dry his hair. He looks exhausted, bags under his bloodshot eyes, his shoulders hunched over. He also seems distracted, his gaze fixed on the brown carpet as he makes his way toward the bed.

"The showerhead fell off again," he mutters before looking up. He immediately stops dead in his tracks, his expression hardening. "What the fuck are you doing here?"

Okay, so maybe this was about me.

"Don't be an asshole, Tristan," Quinton cautions, getting to his feet. "You always get like this after..."

Tristan glares at Quinton. "I'll be whatever I want to be."

Quinton opens his mouth to say something, but I cut him off.

"Can you give us a moment?" I ask Quinton. When he hesitates, I wave my hand at him, signaling for him to get a move on. I can handle this, I mouth.

Quinton wavers at my confidence and I don't blame him. He doesn't know me, so he doesn't understand how familiar I am with hung over assholes.

"Okay, but if you need me, I'll be right outside." Quinton grabs a pack of cigarettes from the table before heading out the door.

Once he's outside, I face Tristan who's now sitting on the bed and scowling at me, hung over and cranky. "So, are you going to glare at me or ask me why I'm here?"

He drops the towel on the bed, crosses his arms, and cocks his head to the side. "Why are you here? I mean, I thought you made it pretty clear you weren't interested the other night."

"No, I made it clear that I wasn't ready to kiss you like that." I set the box of cupcakes down on the empty bed then take a seat beside him. "And then you just disappeared for three days."

"Well, it didn't seem to bother you when I disappeared for three months," he mutters grumpily. He flops down on the bed and drapes his arm over his head, shutting his eyes. "Now go away."

My gaze travels to the door and I contemplate doing what he said.

Instead, I lie down by him.

"So what'd you do?" I ask, resting my arm on my stomach while holding the cupcake in my hand.

He peeks at me from underneath his arm. "What do you mean, what did I do?"

"I mean, did you drink? Get high? Spun? What?"

His lips part as he gapes at me. "Wow, you get right to the fucking point, don't you?"

I shrug. "Sometimes you have to if you want to get anywhere in life."

"How do you even know I was on anything... Quinton told you, didn't he?" He shakes his head as he lifts his arm away from his face. "Or was it Nova?" He sits up and roughly rakes his fingers through his hair. "She sent you here, didn't she? God damn her, always trying to fix me."

"Nova might have mentioned where you were, but I would have figured it out anyway," I say, my gaze roving to his back.

Thin red lines mark his shoulder blades, as if someone scratched him. Oh my God. Did I do that in the alley? I can vaguely remember stabbing my fingernails into his shirt... as we kissed... and touched...

"And how would you have figured it out?" he asks condescendingly. "You think you know me that well?"

"No, but I know the effects of alcohol really well, and you're eyes are bloodshot. And you look worn out from too much partying." I sit up. "You forget I'm a recovering alcoholic. I know the signs of too much partying. Plus, my mother was an alcoholic and a druggie pretty much from the day I was born, so..." I shrug.

"You never told me that," he says with remorse.

"I haven't told you a lot of things about me. I usually don't tell people anything about me, but I must be in a sharing mood today."

"Why, though? Why all of a sudden are you willing to open up?"

"I have no idea, other than you kind of seem like you needed me to."

Silence wraps around us. I start to picture the dream I had last night, the one I saw of him standing in the fire and all I did was watch him burn alive.

Blinking back to reality, I bite a heap of the frosting off the cupcake then move the cakey goodness in Tristan's direction, wiggling it in front of his face. "You want a bite? It's really good."

His gaze flicks from my eyes back to the cupcake before he leans in and takes a bite off the top. "It is really good," he remarks as he licks a glob of pink frosting from his lips.

The sight of his tongue elicits a shiver through my body and creates the tingliest sensations possible.

"I told you it was." I peel the wrapper down to get a taste of the cake buried beneath the pound of frosting, very aware that he's watching my every movement and very, very aware of how wildly my heart is thumping.

"You're not going to press me to tell you?" he says, raising his brow.

I sweep some crumbs off my lap. "Tell me what?"

"About what I've been doing for the last three days."

"If you want to tell me, you can." I swallow a small taste of the cupcake before handing the rest to him. "But only if you want to."

He licks some pink frosting off the cupcake before responding. "What if I told you I did crystal? That those three months just became three hours?"

"Then I'd say at least you have those three hours. And trust me, a lot can change in three hours."

You can die in three hours and be brought back to life.

His tongue slides out of his mouth again, and I notice the frosting is turning it pink.

God, I want to lick his tongue.

"You'd be disappointed in me though," Tristan continues unaware of my dirty thoughts. "If I did do it."

"Yeah, I probably would, but my disappointment would wear off, and then I'd just want to help you get those three hours to four."

He chews on his bottom lip as he reflects on what I've said. Then he opens his mouth and pretty much wolfs the rest of the cupcake before placing the empty wrapper down on the nightstand, his intense blue eyes on me the entire time.

"Why?" he asks, licking a drop of frosting off his thumb.

"Why what?"

"Why did you give me a choice that night?"

I rest back on my hands and stare out the window at the sunlight. "Because giving you a choice made you think about what you really wanted to do."

He reclines back on his elbows and stares out the window with me. "How did you get so wise?"

I shrug, trying not to feel too elated at the fact that I seem to be cheering him up. "Life."

He angles his head to the side and looks at me. "You seem older than twenty-two."

"Gee, thanks," I say dryly. "Looking old. Just what every girl wants to hear."

He shakes his head and then sits up straight. "No, you don't look old. At all..." His attention is locked on me, but I'm not sure if he's looking at me or trying to get a glimpse of what I keep buried inside me. "You just seem like you know more about life than most twenty-two-year-olds do. Most would want to run away from my problems." He narrows his eyes. "Are you here to join me? Is that why you're really here, Avery? To get high? To get fucked? What is it?"

He's being an ass again on purpose-I think to try to push me away-but I maintain his gaze, even though it's tough, knowing that he has to be the first to look away if this is going to work. He's challenging me right now, daring me to give up first, but I'm not going to.

"No, that's not why I'm here," I tell him. "And I look like I know more about life because I probably do."

One...

Two...

Three seconds go by.

His gaze grows more heated.

I grow more uneasy.

Still I don't look away.

Even though with Conner I would have.

But with Tristan I can't.

And finally he gives up.

Something Conner would never do.

"I drank," he admits, looking away from me. "I got shit faced for three nights then went searching for a bump." His head slumps forward and he massages his temples with his fingertips. "I'm honestly not sure what happened but..." He shoves his hand into the pocket of his jeans. When he pulls his hand out, his fingers are wrapped around a bag of tiny white crystals. Meth. Conner's drug of choice and my mother loved it too. "I found this in my pocket the next morning."

I'm shocked. Appalled. Disappointed. Terrified. Worried. "Did you-"

He rapidly shakes his head. "No, I could tell when I woke up I hadn't done it, mainly because I had to fall asleep in order to wake up." He flicks the bag with his finger, staring at it with hunger gleaming in his eyes. "And I couldn't have fallen asleep with this shit in my system."

"Who knows you have that?"

"No one but you knows." He stares at the stained carpet in front of our feet.

"So, why do you have it?" I'm anxious. It's not like being around drugs is new to me, but it's always made me uneasy; the danger, the uncertainty, the instability it brings into one's life.

"I told you, I have no idea. Nor do I have a fucking clue why I didn't do it."

I swallow the massive lump in my throat. "Why do you still have it?"

His expression swarms with uncertainty. "I don't know."

"Do you..." I fidget nervously, plucking at a loose string on the hem of my shorts. "Do you want me to get rid of it for you?"

"I'm a little worried," he admits as he sets the bag down on his knee. "I don't know how I got it, and I'm not missing any money, so I don't know how I paid for it. And I'm afraid..." He winces as he glances down at the bag and then at me again. "But anyway, I don't think... I don't think I want to do it."

I wonder what he's afraid of. Part of me believes I should run away. Right now. In fact, every instinct of mine is begging me not to go down this road again, but Tristan isn't Conner and I've always believed there are two sides to every person. Although very rarely do most people show more than one side.

Right now I think I may be seeing Tristan's other side-vulnerability. I'm not sure what to do with it, or why he's choosing to let me see it. However, the fact that he trusted me enough not to lie to me when he's clearly been lying to Nova and Quinton makes me not want to bail right now, not when this might be why I'm here.

"You have no clue where you got it from?" I ask. "At all?"

"I was pretty drunk," he confesses with a shrug. "But I'm guessing from the neighbors. I saw them spun the other day, and I can vaguely remember being outside the motel for a while."

"You could always go return it just to make sure you won't get into trouble with them."

He chuckles, but his eyes are filled with sadness. "You're cute."

I feel like he's making fun of me for some reason. "What's that supposed to mean?"

"It means I think it's cute you'd believe there was some sort of return policy for drugs." He presses his hands against his eyes. "God, I can't believe this is happening again."

"How many times has this happened?"

"Too many times."

I realize just how little I know about him and also how much I want to learn about him.

"So what do we do?" I ask, glancing out the window as Quinton walks by.

Tristan tips his head to the side and glares at me. "We aren't doing anything. This is my problem."

I open my mouth to protest when he abruptly stands up. My gaze follows him as he walks back into the bathroom. Moments later, I hear the toilet flush, then he returns to the room and throws the now empty bag into the trash can.

"There, problem taken care of." He flops down on the bed across from me. "Now, you can go."

"What if you did get it from your neighbors and they come looking for you? What if you owe them something?" When he glances up at me, confounded, I add, "I know more about this stuff than you think."

He scowls. "That's my problem. Now go."

I shake my head. "I'm not ready to leave yet. And I'm really proud of you, for dumping it."

His scowl hardens. "Well it doesn't mean I won't ever do it again."

"So, it still means you chose not to do it for the second time," I say and if looks could kill, I'd be dead. "What? Am I being too calm for you? You want me to leave instead? Run out of here crying because you messed up? Yell at you? What do you want from me Tristan?"

He sighs, lowering his hands to his lap. "I honestly don't know what I want from you, but you've got me curious." He swallows hard. "You got me curious three months ago too."

I smash my lips together and really consider what I'm about to do with all of this because that's where I've always made my mistakes. Before the fire, I never thought three steps ahead, never thought about the future.

Now I think about it a lot.

All the time, actually.

It's what's made me so cautious with guys and people in general.

Regardless I have a feeling I'm supposed to be here. Even when I blew off the kiss, it felt like I shouldn't have let Tristan walk away. Call it a life purpose. Call it fate. Call it madness. Call it stupid attraction. Call it whatever you like, but in the end I know what I need-want to do. Something that I've needed to do since before I even met him.

When I arrive at my final decision, I rise to my feet. Then I offer Tristan my hand. I'm not saying that I'm going to start dating him or even kiss him. I'm just trying to help him the only way that I can. He has to take it, though.

"What?" he asks, glancing from my hand to my eyes.

I shrug with my hand still extended. "I really have no idea what I'm doing, but I thought we could go somewhere, like maybe to lunch. Let's get you out of this room and get some fresh air."

"What about your no guys rule?" he asks guardedly.

"I'm making an exception right now."

His intense gaze notes every one of my piercings and ink. "Never pegged you for a rule breaker." His voice drips with sarcasm.

"Ha, ha, you're a riot," I retort, equally as sarcastic. "Now come on. And maybe if you're lucky, I'll let you know a thing or two about me."

He stares at me and then my hand. At me. Then my hand. Me. My hand. Torn between what to do, until finally, he decides.

He laces his fingers through mine and for the briefest, most terrifying moment, they kind of feel like they belong in my hand, like I need his hand as well.

I'm not sure what to do with that. Or what to do with how easy this is. Or if I should do anything at all. So I do the only thing I can do.

I take his hand too.

Reminding myself that he'll only be here until the house is finished.

Not forever.

I just hope I'm not making another mistake.

Three years ago....

Chapter 17

Bottom of the bottle.

Avery

Music blares from the living room and cigarette smoke snakes through the air. I'm attempting to curl my hair in the bathroom so I can go to a job interview at the gas station, which is pretty much the only place that would consider hiring me without a diploma or GED. But I end up abandoning my attempt to do my hair when my two-year-old son starts crying from his bedroom, probably because the music woke him up.

"God fucking dammit," I curse as I burn myself while setting the curling iron down on the countertop. I bang my elbow on the wall on the way out of the tiny bathroom then stub my toe on the foot of the bed because there are only about six inches between it and the doorway. "Conner, turn the music down please!" I shout as I hobble down the narrow hallway and into the small and narrow living room.

My already aggravated mood spins out of control as I realize the smoke I've smelled isn't cigarette smoke but a much more pungent substance. Conner is sitting on the shabby sofa with a lit joint in his hand. He looks so unlike the guy I fell in love with; his brown hair cropped to his skull, his muscles thinning, and his body covered in art we can't afford.

"Don't smoke that shit in here!" I call out over the music as I throw open the window. The sounds of the freeway rush into the house as I make my way over to the stereo and turn the music off. "What the hell are you doing?" I ask, snatching the joint from his hand and setting it in the ashtray. "Mason's just down the hallway, for God's sake."

He blinks up at me with bloodshot eyes. "I closed his door."

I shake my head, frustrated. "What was the point of moving clear across the country so you could get away from that shit"-I point at the joint-"and clean up your act if you're not really going to clean yourself up?"

He rolls his eyes as he slumps back in the torn sofa. "Would you chill out? It's just a little pot. Not meth or anything."

It's the same thing he's been saying to me since he lost his job and I found out that he had a drug habit that had been going on for well over a year, starting right after Mason was born. I have no idea how I'd been so blind not to see it, other than maybe I didn't want to.

But I should have seen it.

When he didn't show up for Mason's delivery.

When he'd stay out for nights at a time.

When the cars he loved disappeared.

When money started disappearing.

When he started disappearing.

When he'd love me.

Then hate me.

Love.

Then hate.

But I see it now.

I see too much now and it hurts.

"You're losing weight again," I note as I pick up the ashtray.

He narrows his eyes at me. "Fuck you. I'm not doing crystal again. I told you I can't-that I react to it poorly."

"Yeah, but you say a lot of things." I dump the contents of the ashtray into the trashcan and his eyes widen. "Like you'll get a job."

"What the fuck are you doing?" He springs from the sofa and shoves me out of the way to reach into the trash. "That was half a joint."

"You promised me you wouldn't do it anymore." I set the ashtray down on the armrest of the sofa.

He curses under his breath as he retrieves the joint. "Yeah, but we could get money for this. And we need money."

"We need jobs," I say, aggravated. "And I had an interview tonight but how am I supposed to leave Mason with you when you're high and smoking weed in the house?"

"I'm perfectly capable of watching my son. Besides, you drink while you watch him."

"I have a beer or two," I argue. "To relax."

He rolls his eyes again and I start to get pissed off, but it's nothing new. This is what we do.

All the freaking time.

"Sure. It has nothing to do with the fact that your mother's an alcoholic and you've turned out just like her," Conner snaps hotly, getting in my face.

"Shut the fuck up," I growl in response, leaning back.

"Why? Does the truth hurt?" he seethes maliciously.

I try to remain composed because deep down I know this isn't about who's an alcoholic or who's high right now. It's about the fact that we're broke, jobless, and sleep deprived.

"You're such an asshole," I mutter, turning to walk away from another argument, but anger bites at me. I'm angry because I'm here and I'm not happy and I'm not what I wanted to be. Angry because this wasn't just his fault, it was mine. That anger creates a vile taste in my mouth and words slip out without any forethought about the aftermath.

"How did I ever marry such a loser?" I wince as soon as I say it, knowing I should be better than that. "Sorry," I hurry and say as I twist to face him. "I didn't mean that."

"Fuck you," he snaps, reaching for his jacket on the sofa. "You're such a little cunt."

I ignore his rude remark and step in front of him. "You can't leave. I have to go to this interview."

He slips on his jacket. "Get out of my way, Avery."

I shake my head. "I need you here."

"Why? I'm high, so I'm useless." He zips up his jacket, ready to bail. It's the last year playing all over again, painful, ugly events stuck on repeat.

I shove my hand in his direction. "Then give me your car keys?"

"No fucking way."

"I'm not letting you drive high."

He snorts a laugh. "Like you could really stop me."

I stand my ground, keeping my feet planted to the floor. "Mason needs his father alive." I figure that'll get him but instead it seems to push him further over the edge.

"Avery, I'm warning you, move now before things get ugly."

"Things are already ugly," I say, gesturing around the living room that consists of a torn leather sofa, a broken stereo, a shelf, and a few boxes. That's it. That's all we've managed to accumulate over the last few years. "There's no way things could get worse."

"Bullshit." Shaking his head, he rushes forward and clocks his shoulder into my neck. I wince, but don't budge. "Fuck!" he shouts so hard the veins in his neck and forehead bulge. "I'm in fucking hell!" He looks at me like everything's my fault.

That he never wanted any of this.

That he never wanted me.

Or this life.

This nightmare.

Then he shoves me without warning. Hard.

I stumble and smack the side of my face against a nearby shelf, right on the corner. My head throbs as the world spins around me.

"Dammit, that hurt," I say, clutching my head.

For a fleeting instant, he looks guilty, shocked, and appalled with himself. But all the remorse vanishes from his face and then he's storming out the door, slamming it so hard behind him that the entire trailer rumbles.

After I hear the tires peel away, I sink down on the sofa and cradle my head, staring at the floor while Mason cries from his room. Part of me wants to remain this way and never move again. But a second later, I drag myself to my feet and walk back into the room to comfort Mason. I lie down in his bed and sing him a song, holding onto him for dear life because it feels like I've failed, like I failed Jax when I left him behind in Wyoming.

"I love you, Mama," Mason mutters sleepily right before he drifts off to sleep.

Then I start to sob noiselessly as I hug him closer to me.

That day in the hospital when I had him, I vowed I would take care of him. Vowed I'd do anything for him. Vowed that he'd never have to go through what I went through. But I've broken all those vows and it hurts so god damn bad. I love him more than anything and I'm screwing up.

But how do I fix it?

I finally slip out of his room and into the bathroom to look at my reflection in the mirror. The entire side of my face is red and swollen from where it hit the shelf. I hadn't realized how hard I'd hit it until now, nor did I acknowledge how bad it hurt.

But now it aches.

More than I realized.

Everything aches.

"Jesus," I mutter as I turn away from the mirror.

In the kitchen, I grab a bottle of beer from the fridge and gently press it to the side of my face. Then I try to figure out what to do when Conner comes back home. Get angry? Try to talk about it? Honestly, part of me just wants to leave this shithole and go back. But to where? The Subs and live with my mother? God, I can't do that. Can't subject Mason to that kind of environment? Yet as I glance around the near empty house, collapsing from age, I have to wonder.

Is this life any better?

But what can I do to change it?

Maybe I could try to track down my father and ask him for help. But how would I even go about doing that? All I know about him is his name and the fact that he was as obsessed with the stars as I am. And really, it'd probably only lead to more disappointment. If he wanted to find me he could have over the years.

Disappointment drowns me. How did things get so bad? How could I let things get so bad? How can I fix this? Make things better?

Removing the bottle from my face, I glance out the window and at the stars, just like I used to do all the time when I was younger. When I had dreams. Hope. When I thought my father would come back and save me, but he never did, and now no one can save me.

I'm damned.

Ruined.

Wrecked.

Forever.

So instead of searching for answers in the stars, I pop the cap off the beer.

And search for answers at the bottom of the bottle.

Chapter 18

Not quite rock bottom, but close.

Tristan

Where am I? I don't know. I don't know anything other than the world is spinning. Or maybe it's me that's spinning.

"Tristan, can you hear me?" a woman asks as everything continues to spin and spin.

Round and round.

Out of control.

Just like me.

"What... Who's there?" I moan.

"Baby, look at me," she purrs. "Are you coming back?"

After blinking several times, my surroundings come into focus. A leaky ceiling is the first thing I see before I feel the pain.

"Where am I?" I mutter, cringing as the aching radiates through my head, like my skull is cracked.

"At your house, silly," she giggles.

I rotate my throbbing head. An older woman is sitting on the floor with her shoes and shirt off. She has greasy brown hair, an overly thin body, and sunken-in eyes that I don't recognize.

"Who are you?" I croak, my throat dry as hell.

"That doesn't really matter, does it?" she says then reaches for a shiny object that's on the floor in front of her feet.

I realize it's a spoon and the last several, very blurry months come crashing back to me. I'm in my room in an apartment in Vegas where I've been living for months. I live here with Quinton and a few other people, spending all my time doing and dealing drugs. I'm sprawled out on the floor, and in serious pain, because I screwed over the wrong person and they punched me in the side of the head so hard I think I got a concussion. But instead of going to the hospital, I dragged my ass back to my room because I can't afford a doctor nor do I care enough to fix myself.

I also remember all the other drugs I do.

The asshole I am.

The people I've hurt.

The loneliness.

The self-hatred.

Why did I have to wake up?

"You ready for this?" the woman asks as she positions a lighter below the spoon. "It'll take all the pain away and then you can pay me for it later." She bites her chapped lip as she says it, her glazed eyes drifting from my chest to the top of my jeans.

I think about the path I've taken. About my past or lack of one. I think about my life.

"And how exactly am I going to pay you?" I ask, even though I know it doesn't really matter. That regardless of the cost, I'll do it-always do.

She grins at me with her yellow teeth. "Don't worry. I'll be gentle with you."

I have no attraction to this woman at all. Don't care about her. Only about what she's going to give me, which might make me the worst and shittiest person in the world-might make me... well, me.

When no reason to decline her offer comes to mind, I say, "All right, let's do this." Then I stare at the dripping ceiling as I extend my arm toward her and my addiction.

Moments later, I feel the sting as the needle pierces my flesh.

Then I drift in and out of reality as the woman kisses me, touches me, uses me to please herself. I'm barely coherent by the time she leaves my room. Feeling hollow and dead inside, disgusted with myself, there's nothing left to do, but sink.

Deep into the darkness.

Toward rock bottom.

Not quite reaching it.

But knowing it has to be close.

Present day...

Chapter 19

The no wrecking rules.

Tristan

After that night in the alleyway, I never expected to see Avery again. I'd taken off with big plans of getting high so I could forget all about her. And forget who I was. Instead, I never made it that far and that hesitancy gave Avery just enough time to find me again. She, I'm discovering, is my weakness... strength to drugs.

I'm not sure what to think about the fact that she made the effort to track me down, what it means, other than she's the only person who's ever really looked for me before.

My parents once tried to find me while I was living in Vegas. I thought it was because they cared, but when they'd gotten me home after my overdose, I discovered it was because my mother was having a meltdown, and my father thought me being there would help her. Fix me, and he thought he could fix her. He was wrong. My mom needs more help than just a temporarily mended son. She needs... What she thinks she needs is Ryder back, but that's not ever going to happen.

"So what are you thinking?" Avery asks me from across the table.

She brought me to a restaurant where the tables are outside beneath a canopy. A Pink Floyd song is playing from the stereo and the air smells like salt and sunshine. The freshness of it seems to help my killer headache, caused by binge drinking and thoughts of what's going to happen if my neighbors come looking for the drugs.

I wasn't lying to Avery when I said I have no idea how I got the bag of crystal, but I know enough about myself to understand I could have easily stolen it or promised to do something very bad in order to get it.

I glance down at the menu then back up at her. "That I'm not really a fan of seafood."

She smiles as she reaches across the table and flips over the page of the menu. "Then check this section out." She taps her finger on a heading that reads: For the non-seafood lover.

I can't help smiling. "Seriously?" I scan over the menu. "Chicken. Hamburgers. Fries. Okay, that I can totally handle."

"You should try the burrito," she says. "It's the magical cure for a hangover. I promise after one bite, you'll be happy and smiling."

"But I'm already smiling because of you," I reply. "So wouldn't that make you the magical cure to my hangover?" What the fuck is wrong with me?

She stares at me, unimpressed. "Are you really going to keep that up?"

"Keep what up?"

"That charming, pretty boy, flirty thing."

"I honestly didn't even realize I was doing it." Well, kind of.

"Sure you didn't," she says doubtfully yet she's grinning.

I grin back at her, feeling so much better than I did this morning. I have no clue how that's possible. I've been so upset since I kissed her because it felt like so much more than a kiss to me.

I wanted it to be more.

Then came that thing I'm all too familiar with.

Rejection.

And sober, I can't handle it.

Sober, I can't handle much of anything.

Avery's smile abruptly vanishes, and I feel my own dissipating. But before she can say anything, the waitress interrupts us to jot down our orders. I decide on the chicken, while Avery choses the hamburger and she divulges that she hates seafood too. The waitress jots down the order then turns to leave. She gets two steps away from the table before Avery's attention locks on me.

"All right, we need to set some ground rules." She shuts the menu that's in front of her and folds her arms on top of it.

"Ground rules?" I ask as I reach for my glass of water.

She nods. "Yep, for us being friends."

I restrain a smile. "So we're friends?"

She points a finger at me, all serious and getting down to business. "Yes and this is very important, so pay attention."

I'm trying not to laugh at her, but it's really fucking hard because she looks so sexy being bossy. "All right, I'm all ears."

"Good." She begins to count down on her fingers. "The first and most important rule to our friendship is that what happened in the alleyway can never happen again."

"You mean the kiss?" I aim to sound joking, but my displeasure shows.

"Don't look at me like that," she says with a deep sigh. "It has to be done in order for me to do this."

"But what is this?" My lips wrap around the straw, and I sip my ice water before setting the glass back down. "Because I'm not sure I understand why you're here sitting with me when you really don't want to be."

"No, I want to be. I really, really do. In fact, I think it might be imperative that you and I become good friends." She pauses. "I just can't..."

"Make out with me in dark alleyways," I finish for her, stirring the ice in the cup with the straw.

She frees a trapped breath, nodding. "Yeah, there's that." She starts counting down on her fingers again. "And then there's the no wearing your shirt thing and being all sweaty."

I pick at the piece of gauze on my hand, chuckling. "So are you saying that my sweaty, shirtlessness turns you on too much?"

She nods, her honesty astounding me. "It really, really does."

I protect my eyes from the sun with my hand as I slump back in the chair. "But it's super hot here."

"I know." Her fingers enfold around the dewy glass of water and she picks it up. "How about you just keep your distance whenever you have your shirt off?"

"I guess I could do that," I reply unenthusiastically, unable to stop staring at her mouth as she drinks from the straw. "But what about you?"

"What about me?"

"It's clear that I'm attracted to you, so how are you going to prevent that?"

She rolls her eyes, but she's unmistakably amused and flattered. "You just let me worry about that."

"What are you going to do? Shave your head and wear sweat pants every day? Because I hate to break it to you, but you'd probably still be attractive."

She traces her tongue across her teeth, stifling a smile. "Rule number two," she says, sidetracking the conversation, "no more flirting."

I snort a laugh. "That is never going to happen. It's part of who I am."

She crosses her legs and squares her shoulders. "Well, you're just going to have to find someone else to do that with."

"Sorry, I can't." I give an unapologetic shrug. "I'm fine with rule one but rule two is never going to work."

She sighs, but it's unclear if it's a defeated sigh or an annoyed one. "And rule number three, no drugs or drinking."

I deliberate what she's said, wondering if I can do it and if I even want to. "I'm not sure I can do that, either."

"Then I guess we can't be friends."

"Right now, you're putting a lot of faith in the fact that you assume I want to be friends with you."

She arches her brow. "Don't you?"

I dither. "Maybe."

She examines her fingernails. "Well, it's your choice." She appears unconcerned but if I look close enough I can almost see a wall around her, put there to protect herself. Why can I see it? Maybe I do the same thing.

"No, I want to be your friend," I tell her guardedly. "But I have to ask... Why all the rules all the time? I mean, you're making these rules now and then there's the no guys rule."

Her hand lowers to the table. "Because they'll keep me from getting wrecked again."

My jaw practically hits my knees at the honesty her words carry.

"Look." She leans forward. "You saw the little fight between Conner and me and you know we divorced two years ago. Well, he also got arrested a little over two years ago, so I'm sure you can put two and two together as to why."

Sadly, I can. The fact that Conner almost hit her that night probably means that he used to beat her and that's why they're divorced now.

"Okay, I get it. But can I just ask why?" I ask. "Why would you want to help me after the stuff that you've been through? It seems so much easier just to walk away?"

"Walking away isn't always as easy as it sounds. And I'm helping you because I need to. Not just for you but for me. You remind me so much of myself, lost and confused"-she lifts her shoulder and shrugs like she really doesn't understand it herself-"and in need of some help."

"And what do you need, Avery? Who helps you?"

Her hazel eyes reflect in the sunlight as she stares up at the sky. "I'm still trying to figure that out." A haunting look fills her expression and when she glances back at me all I see is pain. So much agony.

But before I can ask her about it, the waitress delivers our mozzarella sticks. The interruption is kind of an icebreaker and then our conversation drifts back to mundane things.

"I used to work here," Avery tells me as she dunks a mozzarella stick into the bowl of marinara sauce. "As a waitress."

"How long ago was that?" I pluck a mozzarella stick from the plate between us.

"A couple of years ago." Her tongue glides out of her mouth and she licks the marinara off the mozzarella stick.

The sight of her tongue making that movement makes me go rock hard, and I have to adjust.

"I bet you made a good waitress. You have good people skills." And a fucking body that probably makes every guy want to tip her generously.

"I did okay." She pops the mozzarella stick into her mouth then cleans off her fingers on a napkin. "It's definitely not what I want to do with my life, though."

"And bartending is?" I bite the mozzarella stick.

She shakes her head. "No way. Benny's a decent boss but I hate the environment... and some of the stuff I have to do."

"Then why do you do it?"

"Flexible hours. Pays well." She shrugs. "Benny lets me do his books too, so it should help when I graduate. At least I hope it does."

"Books?" I stuff the rest of the mozzarella stick into my mouth. "Like illegal booking?"

She laughs, nearly choking on her food. "No, books as in his records and payroll and stuff." She picks at the napkin. "It's my major-accounting."

"Awe, the boring major." I give her a lopsided grin when her gaze darts up and her eyes narrow at me. "Hey, you said it first."

"Yeah, you're right." The hardness in her eyes diminishes. "I'm getting a minor in astronomy though, for fun."

"You like the stars?"

She presses her lips together and nods. "Yeah, kind of." Her eyes light up, revealing a deep love. "Well, a lot actually," she admits. "Probably way more than is healthy."

"So do you know all the constellations?" My gaze floats to the sky even though it's broad daylight.

"Well, not all of them," she explains. "That's nearly impossible."

"So why don't you do that?" My gaze resides on her. "Do something in Astronomy? If you like it so much."

She sweeps the shredded napkin aside. "Sometimes there's more to life than just loving what you do. Sometimes you have to do things in order to make it through life."

"Yeah, but you only live once, right? And why not do something that makes you happy?"

"It's more complicated than that," she says, scratching her head, giving me a glimpse of the cross and Survivor tattoo on her forearm. "What about you?"

I don't like where this conversation is going. "What about me?"

She props her elbows on the table. "What do you want to do with your life?"

I reach for a mozzarella stick to busy myself and hush the emotions stirring inside me. "Drift."

She's unamused. "I'm being serious, Tristan."

"So am I." I stuff the entire mozzarella stick into my mouth then give her my best grin. "I've always wanted to be a drifter."

"Fine, don't tell me." Her shoulders hunch as she slouches back in the seat. "But everyone wants to be something, Tristan. Now, whether they do that is a whole different story, but everyone wants something."

I want you. "You might be overestimating the human race."

"Nah, I know you want something and sooner or later, you'll discover it yourself if you haven't already, and then you'll tell me."

"You seem so sure of yourself," I say smugly. "And so sure of my trust in you."

She matches my smug grin as she leans over the table and I get a straight view down her shirt. "Oh, I am."

I have the strongest urge to move closer to her, slide my hands across her breasts, feel her soft skin, taste her lips just like the night in the alleyway.

"And P.S.," she says with a cocky grin. "You have cheese on your chin." She reclines back in her seat as she taps her finger against her chin. "Right here."

I dab my chin with a napkin. "Ha, ha, you're a fucking riot. How long have I had it on there?"

"Just a couple of minutes."

I shake my head. "What else aren't you telling me? Do I have sauce on my face? Stuff in my teeth?"

She smiles, but there's a trace of sadness to it. "Actually there's a lot I'm not telling you." Before I can ask her what she means by that, Avery throws a napkin at my face. "The cheese is still on there," she chuckles. "You need me to get it off for you?"

I consider her offer but then decide that her touching me might not be the best idea. "No, I can get it myself."

I wipe the cheese from my chin with the napkin. What is she not telling me? By the look on her face when she said it, I'm guessing a lot of complex and personal stuff. And it stings because she knows more about me than most, even in the short time we've spent together.

She never gives me a chance to try to pry into her life some more though, because she keeps the rest of the conversation light. Talking about school. Asking me questions about Wyoming. Telling me about fun places to go around here. By the time we're pulling back up to the motel, I've almost forgotten why she picked me up in the first place.

"Thanks for this," I tell her as I open the door. "And I mean that. I needed to get out of that motel room and out of my own head."

"Anytime," she replies then genuinely smiles. "And I mean that. If you need me at all Tristan, you can call me. In fact, I think we should exchange numbers."

Our friendship feels official as we trade cellphones to type in our contact information. I smile as I hand her phone back to her and she returns my elation. But I want more. I want to ask her to come inside, stay a little longer, continue talking because it makes everything so much easier. But fearing she'll say no, I climb out of the car.

"See you tomorrow?" she calls out as I'm getting ready to shut the door.

"Yeah, see you tomorrow. I never should have missed so much work in the first place."

The biggest and most beautiful smile I have ever seen graces her face. "Good." She bites on her lip, letting her gaze linger on me before she blinks and shoves the shifter into reverse.

I close the door and watch her as she backs away, unable to look away until she's pulled out onto the road and the Jeep is out of sight. Then I turn to go into the motel room, but slam to a halt when I spot my neighbor hurrying in my direction.

His eyes are glazed over and he keeps scratching at his frail arms. "Hey Tristan, you got that stuff I told you to hold for me?"

I blink at him. "What stuff?"

He stops in front of me, reeking of cigarette smoke, B.O., and ripe garbage. "That stuff that I gave you the other night." His paranoid gaze darts around the parking lot, to the main office, and then to the nearby room doors before landing back on me. "I gave it to you to hold for me because I was worried about the cops. You said you would guard it like it was your life until I needed it again. And I want it back now."

Fucking shit. God dammit. Why? Why? Why? How do I always end up in these messes?

"Yeah, look... about that." I flex my fingers, feeling tense because I know whatever I say isn't going to make the situation any better. "I was pretty drunk that night and I honestly can't remember anything that happened."

He blinks confusedly. "So... Where are my drugs?"

I shrug. "Gone."

His eyelids lower as he narrows his eyes while his hand stops scratching and balls into a tight fist. "Gone where?"

"Probably in the sewer system." I glance at the motel room, wondering if Nova and Quinton are home and if they're watching this scene unfold. If they are, they probably think I'm trying to score drugs, like I used to do all the time.

He inches toward me, and part of me wants to match his move, intimidate his scrawny crackhead ass. Then I remember how many times I nearly got killed over drug disputes. All those months of getting my ass beat and I wasn't happy. And while I'm not necessarily happy right now, I feel decent after spending time with Avery. And I'm not ready to lose that feeling yet, so I decide to try to smooth the situation over, be smart for once.

"I can pay you for it," I tell him, even though I have hardly any money. "How much do I owe you? Like a hundred?" I'm basing my calculations on how much crystal was in that bag.

His expression darkens. "Five hundred."

I laugh in his face. "No way in hell was there five hundred dollars worth of crystal in that bag."

"Call it interest for being a pain in my ass." He smirks, his teeth stained and cracked.

Did I look and smell that disgusting when I was on drugs?

"You know, I'm not afraid of you and your scrawny ass, right?" I gradually inch toward him, deciding it's time to intimidate him because there's no way in hell I'm giving this asshole five hundred dollars. Nor do I have that kind of cash.

"I'm sure you're not," he sneers, "but it's not me that's asking for the drugs back or the money."

"And who the fuck is asking?"

"Ever heard the name Skullman?"

"No, but it sounds like a stupid fucking name."

He laughs cynically. "I'm going to give you three days to give me the money and then I'm going to tell Skullman you have his drugs and to collect from you." With that, he spins on his heels and staggers back to his room.

Part of me wants to chase him down and beat his ass, but I'm too sober to react so irrationally. So I just watch him walk away then lock myself in my motel room, wondering how I get myself into these messes even when I'm blackout drunk.

Chapter 20

When it storms, I want to curl up and cry my eyes out with the rain.

Avery

The evening after I made the weird friendship pact with Tristan, I ride the bus home from work, feeling out of my element. I've spent so much time alone and now I've welcomed someone into my life and I feel... weird. Anger, I can handle. Confused, sure. Stressed, of course-I'm that every day. But weird just baffles me because it isn't even a real emotion. It's like a placeholder for how I really feel.

"What do you do when you feel weird?" I ask Jax as I enter the house and toss my bag onto the end table. It's just after ten o'clock and I reek of beer and hot wings. There is grease in my hair and I have double vision from my drowsiness. It was a long night at work. Really, really long.

Jax looks comfortable as he lounges on the sofa in his pajamas, watching the television. When I shut the door behind me, he picks up the remote and turns down the volume.

"That's a random question," he says as he sets the remote down on the armrest.

"Yeah, I know." I kick off my shoes in the foyer, pick up the small stack of mail from the coffee table, and sink into the armchair across from him. "But I'm feeling weird now and I don't want to feel weird."

"Weird over what?" He yawns as he stretches his arms above his head. "Does it have anything to do with that guy you want to help?"

"Maybe." I sort through the envelopes, frowning when I come across one stamped with a bright red URGENT. I grind my teeth as I tear open the envelope. I already know what it is, but reading it still feels like a kick in the stomach.

During the last few months Conner and I were married, he took out a couple of credit cards in my name and maxed them out. I tried to contact a lawyer about it, but that had gone nowhere and by the time I started paying off the debt, I was already behind. Interest and fees had been tacked on and while I've been on top of paying them off, I missed a payment last month because the Jeep needed new tires. I wince when I see that on top of two twenty-five dollar monthly payments, I now have to pay a thirty-five dollar late fee and the interest has gone up.

"Everything okay?" Jax asks with concern.

I distractedly look up from the bill. "What? Yeah? Huh?"

"You look like you're going to be sick." He points at the papers in my hand. "What is that?"

"Nothing." I tuck the bill back into the envelope and move it to the bottom of the stack. "Just a bill."

"What kind of bill?"

"Just a regular one."

Shaking his head, he slumps back in the sofa. "Avery, I thought we talked about this. I can't help you unless you tell me what it is you need help with."

"Jax, I swear it's nothing," I tell him because I don't want to talk about bills with him.

I sift through the water bill, electric, insurance, and only relax when I reach the last envelope, open it up, and find that it's a birthday card for me. My birthday's not for a week, but this card is probably the only one I'll get.

"Oh, lookie." I wave the card around in the air to be silly. "The dentist sent me a birthday card. I feel so special." I get up and cross the room, placing the birthday card on the shelf next to a portrait of Mason, Jax, and I hanging out at the beach.

"Avery, you know they send those out to all their clients, right?" Jax reaches for a can of soda on the coffee table. "It's almost like getting a flier in the mail."

"Hey, why are you raining on my parade?" I fake frown. "This is probably the only card I'll get and I want to appreciate the fact that someone took the time to send it, even if it was part of their job description."

"You're so weird sometimes." He swallows a gulp of soda then fiddles with the tab. "But while we're talking about birthdays, what do you want to do for yours?"

"Watch television in my pajamas," I reply thoughtfully as I return to the chair, "and eat nothing but ice cream all day."

"Well, you can do that."-he puts the soda can between his legs then sits back-"but Mason and I want to do something for you too."

"Oh, you and Mason have been plotting, huh?"

"Yes, and we've come up with all sorts of ideas, including kidnapping you and forcing you to go out to dinner with us."

"Sounds treacherous," I joke as I glance at the stack of bills on the table. "But honestly, if you want to have dinner, I'd way rather have it here."

He briefly contemplates my awesome, money saving idea. "That's fine as long as I get to cook, and you'll let me cook something other than soup and grilled cheese."

My lip juts out. "But those are my favorite."

"Avery," he warns, sternly pointing at me. "I'm not going to have this. You will have fun on your birthday or you won't get any ice cream."

I heave a dramatic sigh. "Fine, but only because you threatened me with ice cream."

He smiles then stands up. "Now make a list of all the stuff you want so that Mason can pick from it." He starts toward the hallway then halts. "Just make sure it's stuff a five-year-old can give you."

"Yes, boss." I salute him and he rolls his eyes.

"I'm going to go do one of my assignments. If you want to talk about being weird more, you know where to find me."

I nod, but when I do get up from the sofa it's only to go into my room and change into my pajamas. It starts to rain by the time I climb under the covers and settle in bed with my laptop, preparing to do some homework. Raindrops splatter against the window as thunder booms from outside. It reminds me of the many houses I lived in that had leaky ceilings. Every time it would storm, the water would drip inside. It makes it tough to relax and I almost get out of bed to go to the kitchen and read the note on the cupboard. But the idea seems less comforting with what's going on with Tristan and me.

What is going on with and me and Tristan? We're friends. Friends that flirt? Is that what we are? Or is he more than that? My penitence? But what am I even saving him from?

"Why the heck can't I stop thinking about this?" I shake my head at myself, fluff the pillow, and rotate to my side.

Whatever we are, it's messing with my head in both a good and bad way.

***

When I fall asleep, I plummet into a nightmare filled with bright orange flames. I'm in the fire again with Tristan and he's holding out his hand to me. His blue eyes look shadowy as smoke and flames blaze around us, melting the walls, the floor, the ceiling-everything-away.

Help me, he silently pleads.

I want to help him. Badly. But I'm not sure how.

How do I help you?

Please tell me?

Someone please explain.

This time I get as far as reaching for him and our fingers connect before we're engulfed in flames.

I wake up soaked in sweat, weighted down, and the heaviness only increases when I realize the real reason I was startled awake is because someone is banging on the front door. I glance at the alarm clock on my nightstand. It's past midnight, way too late for anyone to be stopping by for a casual visit.

My first thought is something's wrong, maybe there's something happening in the neighborhood, which would explain why a dog is having barking fits.

I stumble out of bed and pad through the hallway into the living room. Rain drizzles against the windows and pitter-patters against the roof. The house is silent, and I start to wonder if I imagined the banging, but then comes another knock. I jump back, startled. That's when I notice the shadow of a figure through the frosted glass on the upper section of the front door.

I remain frozen through three more knocks, freaked out, and hoping whoever it is will go away. But by the seventh knock I arrive at the conclusion that's not happening and I start across the living room, debating whether to turn the light on.

I'm halfway to the front door when I hear it.

Or him anyway.

"Avery, open the door. I know you're in there."

The sound of Conner's voice suffocates the oxygen from of my lungs. Every one of my hairs stands on end as I stop dead in my tracks and gape in horror at the door.

"Avery, I know you're home!" he shouts over the rainstorm. "Your Jeep's in the driveway."

I can't find my voice or the strength to move my feet, and my lungs won't function properly. There's only a door keeping him away from me, and I've seen Conner break down a lot of doors. What if he breaks it down? What if he gets inside? What will he do?

"I just want to talk to you," he says softly. "And maybe Mason."

The mention of our son snaps me out of my trance.

I stride toward the door. "It's late, Conner. Mason's in bed. But even if he was awake, you wouldn't get to talk to him."

He pauses, pressing his face up against the glass. "He's my son, too, Avery."

Thunder rumbles and lightning flashes, illuminating the living room. My heart matches the boom, my pulse pounding as my hands begin to tremble. I tell myself it's from the storm, but I'm lying to myself.

"Only by blood." I grip the doorknob, not because I'm going to open the door, but because my knees are getting wobbly and I'm worried that I'll collapse. "He doesn't even know you."

"Because you won't let me fucking see him," he growls, his palms flattening against the glass, causing me to flinch back. "You're such a fucking cunt, Avery. God dammit!"

I recoil every time his voice goes up a notch and my heart rate quickens, the same reaction I've always had to his yelling. I instantly feel weak because I haven't been able to overcome my fear of him yet.

"You weren't even around when we lived with you, Conner."

"And who the fucks fault was that?" he snaps. "You're such an unstable mom and a dirty little slut. Don't think I don't know what you've been up to. Screwing around with that guy that was stupid enough to get in my way."

Frustration barrels through me. And fear. And cowardice. All the things I felt every day I was married to Conner, at least toward the end.

"It was your fault, you asshole! You have no right to be watching what I do!" I wince at the loudness of my voice and quickly lower my tone. "Now go away before I call the cops."

"Fuck you! You dirty little cunt! You're still the same!" He slams his hands against the glass and I worry he's going to break it. Just like I worry that he might be high or drunk. Sober he's an asshole. Drunk he's a violent asshole that has no control over his temper. "I don't give a shit about the damn cops! Call them! I. Don't. Give. A. Shit. About. ANYTHING!"

"Fine, I will call them." I start to turn to go get my phone from my bedroom.

"I already did," Jax says from behind me.

I whirl around the rest of the way, my eyes sliding to the baseball bat in Jax's hand. "What are you doing with that?"

"What I have to do." He steps toward the door, gripping the bat. "Leave asshole," he says, speaking loudly and firm.

The slamming on the glass ceases. "Who the fuck is that?" Conner growls furiously.

When neither of us responds, he begins pounding his fist against the glass. The entire house shakes. The neighbor's dog barks. Thunder rumbles. Lightning flashes. I fear Mason is going to wake up from all the noise.

Jax takes another step toward the door, ready for a fight. "I'm going to beat his stupid ass."

"You aren't going out there," I hiss, clutching onto his arm. "Just wait until the police show up."

"And if he breaks the door down first, then what?" He wrenches his hand from my hold. "You have to buy a new door. Pay for more because of his shit."

I hug my arms around myself, trembling. "I don't want you to get hurt."

"I'm perfectly capable of taking care of myself," he says. "Remember Lester?"

I tense at the mention of my fifth step-father's name. I wasn't living in the house when my mother married him, but I heard a lot about him later when Jax came to live with me because of what Lester did to him. Well that amongst a long list of things.

"He beat me with a belt every day for three months," Jax reminds me, "until the day I turned fifteen and decided it was enough and hit him back."

"It's didn't stop him though, just caused more fights. And I don't want to bring a Lester into your life." I push him in the direction of the hallway. "I'll handle Conner. You go check on Mason."

Jax dodges around me and pushes in the same direction I just shoved him in. "You go check on Mason, and I'll wait here."

"Jax, I don't-"

"Avery," he warns, "if he breaks that door down, the bat's going to be the first thing that greets him, and I'm going to be the one swinging it."

I squeeze my eyes and take a suffocating deep breath before lifting my eyelids open. "Promise me you won't open that door. Just stand here."

He grinds his teeth. "Fine, I promise."

I know Jax well enough that I don't believe he would lie to me, so I hurry down the hallway to the last door on the left. A trail of light flows out of the crack from the lamp Mason always has to have on whenever he's asleep. As I peek inside, my body goes dead cold and I push the door open the rest of the way.

"Mommy, what is that?" Mason asks, clutching onto his favorite teddy bear, his eyes huge and crammed with fear. "I keep hearing loud banging sounds just like at our old house."

Another clap of thunder roars through the house, and I find myself wanting to curl up in bed and cry with the rain. Just cry and cry and cry until it stops.

"It's just one of the neighbors." I cross Mason's room and sit down on the edge of his bed. "Sorry it woke you up."

"He's being super noisy and sounds like a crazy man," Mason says drowsily with a yawn. "Can't you tell him to be quieter?"

"Jax is talking to him right now." I smoothe my hand over his head. "Give him a few minutes and I'm sure it'll get quiet."

Mason nods as he hugs his bear. "He kind of sounds like Daddy."

My body goes rigid. "That's weird. I don't know why." It's probably one of the worst omissions of truth I've ever done, but there's no way I can let him know that the crazy man outside is his father. He'll want to see him and then he'll really see him, in his true, enraged form. And I promised the night I survived the fire that Mason would never, ever see that side of his father again. Even if it means keeping Conner out of his life forever.

"Do you want me to play you a song to help you fall asleep?" I ask.

Mason nods excitedly, like he does whenever I offer to play. Unlike Jax and me, Mason doesn't associate his mother and music with awful memories and he loves listening to it.

"I'll be right back." I kiss the top of his head then hurry to my bedroom.

I can still hear the banging as I collect my guitar from my closet, which is a relief because it at least means Conner hasn't gotten inside nor has Jax opened the door. With my guitar in hand, I return to Mason's room. He's sitting up in his bed, waiting eagerly for me.

"You have to lie down," I tell him. "Otherwise you won't be able to fall asleep silly and it'll completely defeat the purpose of playing at all."

"I can fall asleep sitting up." He smiles at me. "Please, Mama. I can hear it better when I'm sitting."

I don't really understand his five-year-old logic but what I do understand is that right now his father is outside trying to break the door down. So I let him remain sitting up as I sink down onto the bed and position the guitar in my lap.

"Which one do you want to hear?" I ask, gently grazing my thumb across the strings.

"Play me the quiet song," he says happily, all smiles and sunshine through the rain.

I nod then begin to play, singing only when I spot the blue and red lights flashing outside the window. Then I sing my heart out, drowning out the world around us.

Drowning out the pain for him.

Two years and nine months earlier...

Chapter 21

I think my soul has given up.

Avery

Tears drench my eyes and cheeks as I clutch the nearly empty bottle against my chest and rock back and forth. He's going to be home soon and things are going to get ugly. I could tell by the anger in his tone. I should leave the house, go somewhere, but it's two in the morning and I have no car, no friends, no nothing. If Mason wasn't sleeping in the next room, I'd get up and just walk outside.

I'd walk.

And walk.

Never stopping.

Until I found an end.

But I can't leave Mason. I just prayed to God that he can sleep through the fight, that he won't wake up. Being a heavy sleeper, he usually sleeps through it, which is a gift, I guess.

I almost laugh at my thoughts, but it's not funny. None of this is. The shithole that I live in. The zero dollars we have to our names. The empty cupboards. The screaming. The hitting. The beating down. I think my soul is starting to give up. Either that or the alcohol has numbed it.

I decide to go outside and smoke until Conner gets back. Then maybe the fight will take place outdoors and no one will hear it.

But me.

Chugging the last drops of tequila, I set the bottle down, grab my worn jacket and cigarettes from the mattress on the floor, and head out of the house. The air is chilly and nips at my skin as the wind surrounds me. I slip my jacket on and zip it up before lighting up a cigarette. Then I stare out at the darkness that borders the single wide I've called home for three months.

Over the last few years, Conner and I have packed up and moved more times than I can count, mainly because we get so behind on rent that relocating is our only option. This place is the bottom of the barrel, though. The only thing around is a graveyard of tires, trees, and the sky. I don't look up at it, resenting the stars, resenting everything. Instead, I focus on the highway in the distance, a thin strip of road where headlights move toward our home. Conner is almost here.

I want to run.

Hide.

Disappear.

But to where?

I should have never called him tonight. I didn't even want to talk to him. I was just irritated because he took our last twenty dollars and spent it on either crack or heroin, depending on his mood. I haven't seen him for a day and I was actually pretty content with that, basking in the peace and quiet. But then I'd gone to check our money jar and found it empty. I had lost my shit and am still pissed off.

I work my ass off day and night, taking care of Mason and working at a gas station in town, sometimes walking the three miles to the nearest bus station because Conner takes the car without consulting me first and I need it when I work the nightshift, like I have to in just a few hours.

I'm tired. I hate my job. Hate everything. I just want... something. But it's like I'm drowning in a sea of razor sharp objects that cut at me from all sides. It feels like nothing I do will ever get me out of the water. And the really depressing part is, I jumped in myself.

I'm finishing up my cigarette when the headlights reach the house. I drop the butt on the ground and stomp it out with the tip of my sneaker then just stand there helplessly. I think about running back inside the house, but I know that move will only escalate what's about to happen, so I wait on the porch.

As he turns the headlights off, darkness suffocates me. I hold my breath as he gets out of the car and moves through the dark toward me.

"So"-he pauses at the bottom of the steps-"You think you can just call me up and tell me to come home whenever you want to?"

"I needed the car for work," I argue. "And we need money."

"And how is me being home going to help with that?"

"It's not. But neither is going out and getting high."

He lets out a derisive laugh that echoes across the bare land. "And getting drunk every night is better?"

"That's not what I said." I wrap my arms around myself. "I just think we better figure out what we're going to do since I don't get paid for over a week and we have literally no food. And we have to have food for Mason."

"And how is that my problem?" he asks, stepping onto the bottom stair. The entire porch creaks with his weight like it's going to break apart at any minute.

"Um, because I'm your wife and Mason's your son." I inch back as he moves up another step.

"Yeah, we've yet to prove that he's mine," he says as he reaches the porch.

I step back until my back slams against the door. "Are you really going to start on that shit again? Look at him for crying out loud. He looks so much like you."

He's silent and motionless for a while. I wish I could see his eyes so I could figure out what he's on or if he's strung out. It'd help me get a read on how this conversation is going to end.

"You know, I'm getting tired of your shit," he finally snaps. "I gave up everything to take care of you. Sold my cars. Dropped out of school. I don't have a life anymore."

"Don't kid yourself," I say, even though I know I shouldn't. "You don't take care of me at all. You don't even have a job. And let's face it, even if you wouldn't have met me, you probably still would have ended up right where you are, only you wouldn't have Mason-the one thing that's good in your life, even though you're blind to it."

"Fuck you." In three long strides, he's right in my face. "Fuck you! Fuck you!" He punches the door right beside my head and I flinch, hot tears threatening to pour out. "I'm a good father."

"You're not even here!" I cry out, loathing the quiver in my voice. "You weren't there when he was born. For his first steps. For his birthdays. For anything. You're as bad as my God damn father."

"Take that back." His voice is low and carries a dangerous warning.

I should take it back because I know where this is going to go, but it's my protective side that stops me, wanting him to see just how shitty of a father he is, stupidly hoping he'll finally open his eyes and see it. And change.

"No. It's the truth. You're a terrible father."

His chest rises and crashes as he breathes rabidly in my face. "You. Fucking. Little. Cunt." Before I can react, he grabs me by the hair and jerks me forward, causing me to trip over my feet and bash my hip on the corner of the metal railing.

"Conner, let me go!" I scream as he drags me down the steps and toward the car.

"No. I'm so sick of this shit." He jerks so hard on my hair I swear he's going to rip the strands from my skull. My head aches. My eyes burn. And I'm God damn terrified of what's about to happen. Terrified because, in the end, I know I have no control.

I struggle to keep up with him, tripping over my feet as he swings me around the car. I think he's going to climb in and that frightens me.

"We can't just leave Mason here," I tell him as he yanks open the door.

He drops down in the driver seat, still holding onto my hair, leaving me standing with my head tipped at an awkward angle. I attempt to back away, but he tightens his hold as he opens the glove box and rummages around for something. When he leans back and hops out of the car, I realize it's a knife.

"Conner... no." My eyes snap wide. Yes, he's hit me, pushed me, thrown me into things several times, but he's never used a knife on me. I should have left while I had the chance, just ran until my legs gave out on me without worrying about the tomorrow because now I'm worried I might not have a tomorrow.

He's going to kill me.

"Please," I beg, loathing the pathetic sound of my tone. "God, please, please, please."

"Oh now you want to talk nicely to me," Conner growls as his grasp on my hair constricts. He heads out to the field beside our house, dragging me along with him like a ragdoll.

"I wasn't talking mean to you," I lie as I stumble through the dirt and the dry grass. "I swear. I was just trying to talk to you."

"That's bullshit!" he shouts as he throws me down on the ground, releasing my hair.

My back smacks against the dirt and the wind gets knocked out of me. I gasp for air, my lungs aching to give up, but my feet scream at me.

Move. Avery. Run for your life.

With every ounce of strength I have in me, I flip onto my stomach and stagger to my feet. I make it two steps before I'm knocked in the back of the head. I go down hard, groaning as I slowly turn over, grasping my head. Stars are everywhere and I hate them. Want to scream at them. Want to scream at myself. But I can't find my voice.

Before I know it, Conner steps up to me and blocks the sky from my sight. "You have no respect for me," he says as he flips open the blade.

I want to believe, as he stares down at me with such rage and hatred, that he's high and it's not him but the drugs that want to hurt me. Deep down, though, I know this could be him. That he's hurt me before when he was sober. That I don't know him. That I never knew him.

"Please, just let me go inside the house," I whisper hoarsely, blinking through the pain radiating in my skull. "Mason could be awake."

He ignores me, dropping to his knees. "You know, I never knew my father," he tells me, studying my neck way too intently. "He left before I had any real memories of him, but my mother never told me he was a bad person. She just said that life was hard for him."

"I don't tell Mason that you're a bad father..." I fight for air, but my lungs ache. Everything aches.

His sharp laugh echoes across the field. "Yeah, right. I'm betting that's all you tell him"-he aims the tip of the knife to the base of my throat and slowly cuts my flesh-all the time."

He's going to kill me.

I don't want to die.

Life snaps inside me. I bolt upright, swinging my arm at the knife and moving the blade away from my throat. Then I lift my knee and slam it between his legs. He lets out a groan as he hunches over and I seize the opportunity to run.

I don't make it very far before he has me pinned to the ground, face down, so I'm inhaling dirt. I feel so weak beneath his weight. So small. So helpless. There's nothing I can do and he knows it.

"God dammit, why did I ever go after you?!" he shouts in my ear. At first I think he means tonight, but then he adds, "That night at Zack's, all I was ever looking for was an easy lay. But you fucking intrigued me and I fucked up. My life is ruined because of you!"

Tears pour out of my eyes as he presses me against the ground, grabs a handful of my hair, and starts chopping the strands off. I let out a whimper as my nails dig into the damp earth, desperate to hold onto something, but the dirt keeps slipping through my fingers as he continues slicing away, bit by bit, until there's almost nothing left. Only then does he seem satisfied, as if taking away my hair has evened out the fact that he thinks I've ruined his life.

When he's finished, he pushes away off me and rises to his feet as my body trembles. "You deserved that," he breathes with rage. Then he just stands there as if he's waiting for me to react. Crack apart. Break. Give him the power he desperately seeks.

I remain motionless on my stomach with my cheek pressed against the dirt and tears dripping down my face. My heart is pounding inside my chest as I breathe in and out. In and out. In and out.

"What? You have nothing to say now?" He seems annoyed by my silence.

I don't utter a word. Can't.

"Whatever, Avery."

I hear his footsteps retreating and I hold my breath, counting each one, until the sound stops. I exhale when I hear a car door open and shut. Then the engine turns on and the tires spin as he peels out of the driveway.

Once he's definitely gone, I roll onto my back and stare up at the stars. "You said they'd have the answers! That they'd guide me to a better life!" I cry out in desperation. "You lied to me!"

I cry until my eyes are dry and my heart has settled down. Until I can't feel anything. Until everything is numb.

Until my soul finally gives up.

Chapter 22

The only way is down.

Tristan

I have no idea what day it is or how much time has gone by since I moved out of my house, but it feels like forever ago. I don't know what I look like. Haven't spoken to my mother or father in months. Don't know who I am. I can remember my name. Tristan.

But who is Tristan?

That's the question I keep asking myself as I sit in my room, staring at the wall, as I try to forget what I just did for drugs. The wall has cracks in it, thin lines threatening to spread and take everything out with it. I wish it would break apart and swallow me whole.

"Dude, what are you on?" Quinton asks as he wanders into my bare room. "And where did your mattress go?"

"I have no idea," I mutter perplexedly. "And I have no idea."

"What?"

"I don't know."

He sits down beside me on the floor and crisscrosses his legs, but I can't remove my eyes from the cracks. The cracks I'm almost certain are going grow and collapse the entire house. And the really twisted part is, I want it to happen. Want to crumble with it. Because the only way is down.

"You didn't do a speedball, did you? Tristan, look at me."

I shake my head without blinking. "I can't."

He snaps his fingers in front of my face. "What did you take?"

I glance down at the fresh track marks on my arms. My blood veins map my pale skin that cling to my bones. It's been days since I ate or drank anything, days since I wanted to eat or drink anything.

Maybe I should eat and drink something.

Suddenly, I realize how quickly my heart is racing in my chest. So fast that I need to get up. Now.

I jump to my feet as a surge of energy blasts through me. "I need to get out of here," I say, stumbling for the door. I can hear yelling from inside the house. It's probably Delilah and Dylan going at it again. "Need to go somewhere."

Quinton lunges in front of me, blocking my path out of the room. "We need to figure out how we're going to pay back our debt for those drugs you stole from Trace. Otherwise he's going to kill us. You know his reputation-he doesn't back down."

"Yeah, but does it really matter?" I glance at the tattoos on his arm-Ryder, Lexi, No One. "We're all going to die one day anyway, right?"

"Yeah, but you shouldn't die yet," he says, placing his arm over the tattoo. "You know, you could just walk away from this. Let me handle it. Let me take... the fall."

"Whatever, man. I'm not going anywhere." I reach around him and for the doorknob. "I don't care enough to walk away."

"Tristan, you haven't done anything irreversible yet," he says, refusing to get out of my way. "You can still be... saved."

I look over at the cracks in the wall and then back at him. "No. I can't." I yank open the door and he stumbles out of my way.

I walk out of the room and into the living room where Dylan is shouting at Delilah as she cowers in the corner. The room is littered with pipes, needles, a gun, and drugs.

This is my home. This is my life.

"Dude, you better not be fucking going anywhere." Dylan reels away from Delilah and storms at me. "You owe me money."

"I don't owe you shit," I say, rushing for the front door. "So back off."

"Tristan, get your ass back here!" he shouts, tripping over a lamp as he scurries for his gun on the table. "You will not walk away from me."

It seems like I should be scared. He's holding a gun, all tweaked out, eyes wide, too much adrenaline pumping through him. But there's too much pumping through me as well, and I can barely think straight. I should be afraid, right? I don't have a death wish. I don't have any wishes, just like I have no direction except to take another step, so I do.

"You'll pay for this," he snarls, gripping the gun in his hand.

"I'm sure I will," I utter under my breath then turn away from him and jerk the door open, knowing that death could be waiting on the other side. But it really doesn't matter.

Nothing does.

Present Day...

Chapter 23

If you really knew me then you wouldn't be looking at me like that.

Avery

Some people might say I'm crazy. Some people might think I lost my damn mind in the fire. That the trauma affected me more than I'm letting on. I'm almost positive that the therapy group I used to go to would tell me to walk away. When I go to sleep the night after I make the rules with Tristan, I tell myself the same thing.

I tell myself it over and over again.

Every night for the next week.

Just like every night for the next week I dream about the fire.

Reminding me why I'm here.

And what I need to do to make up for getting a second chance, even after what I did.

The thing that makes it easier is that Tristan will leave my life when the home is finished. That leaves little time to get attached and makes it easier to remain friends.

After the incident with Conner, the days go by slower. The cops never found him because he bailed when they arrived and took off to who knows where. I try not to worry about it, but he's always haunting the back of my mind. He'll show up again eventually. Will there ever be a time when I don't constantly stress about him?

As the days go by, I still keep moving forward. Work. School. Mason. Jax. Building a home. Getting ready to turn twenty-three in just a few days. And then there's Tristan. Just a small change but it feels so epically and horrifyingly gigantic. I'm not breaking my no guys rule or anything. I haven't kissed him or thought about kissing him-okay, well, maybe once or twice. And we don't spend time going out, having fun, and partying like most twenty-two year olds do. No, our time is limited to working on the house and lunch breaks. That's it. And he's been doing well on his part with the rules of our friendship. Well, except for the flirting part. Like he warned, he occasionally slips up with that. All I can do about it is attempt to keep our conversations as light as possible.

The air is extra muggy today. Even with my hair pulled up and a tank top and shorts on, I feel like I'm roasting. Holding true to his word, Tristan has his shirt on, but I can tell he's nearly dying from the excruciating heat. Sweat beads his sunkissed skin and his blonde hair is damp.

"He shaved his back," I announce as I stroll over to where Tristan is stacking plywood and scraps.

It's almost noon and the sun is peaking in the cloudless sky. I've been helping Tristan all morning cutting boards and part of me is almost saddened that I have to leave for the bar soon.

"Huh... What are you talking about?" Tristan grabs a broom that's propped against the wood pile and starts sweeping the sawdust off the table. He seems a little distracted, has all morning.

"Mister Asshole saved his back," I tell him... "I just passed by him and yeah, he's hairless."

Tristan glances up at me, his lips quirking. "Are you being serious?"

I nod. "It's so smooth and his skin reflects in the light now. I'm seriously wondering if he got it waxed."

His nose crinkles as he chuckles, the sight and sound a rare beauty. "Dude, that's so unmanly."

I laugh with him. "And really, really amusing. He's all sexist, but goes to get his body waxed like women get theirs done all the time."

He chuckles again. "You're really adorable when you're being snarky."

My heart skips a beat. It's been a long time since a guy has called me adorable. Years even. My smile withers as I remember the last time a guy complimented me, over five years ago. Five very long and painful years ago.

Tristan must sense my unease because he picks up two boards and says, "Here, help me move these to the front of the house. It'll take your mind off whatever just made you frown like that."

I could kiss him right now if I wasn't so concerned about how much meaning would be behind it. With each passing day we spend together, kissing becomes more and more dangerous. Very, very dangerous.

Nodding, I pick up one of the shorter boards, and tag along behind him toward the front of the house where a work crew is unloading wood from an oversized truck. It's been two weeks since we started building the house and it now has a semblance of walls around the foundation, the skeleton of what will be a home for someone who really needs it.

"You know, if we were in Wyoming, we'd be wearing jackets," Tristan says with a grunt as he adjusts the two boards in his arms. Sweat drips from his brow and his chest is damp, but in the most ridiculously sexy way ever.

"How is good old Wyoming anyway?" I ask and seconds later my phone vibrates from inside my pocket. "You said you went there recently, right?"

"It's the same as it was when you left, I'm sure." His arm muscles ripple as he heaves a board onto the top of a stack. Then he wipes the sweat from his brow before taking the board from my hand.

"I haven't been there in like four years." I glance at the screen of my phone. It's from the unknown number again. After what happened the other night, I'm almost positive it's Conner.

"That's a really long time not to go home, Avery."

I shove my phone into my pocket. "Yeah, I have my reasons."

"Reasons for not going home? Or reasons for asking about home?"

"Both," I admit truthfully. No one's heard anything from my mother in over a year. I have to wonder if maybe Tristan might know something, considering his past kind of crosses over with my mother's. And even though I don't want to look for her personally, Jax's words echo in my mind.

It'd be nice to know if she was dead or alive.

"Well, I'm sure it's the same old same old, since nothing there ever changes," he says as we turn around and start back toward the table saw. "Why did you leave, though? I mean other than the obvious factor."

"And what is the obvious factor?" I ask, knowing full well what he's talking about but I don't want to acknowledge it. That I lived in a place where most people went nowhere, stuck in the rut that continues to repeat through generations. And while I did go somewhere, it wasn't necessarily a good place in the beginning.

"You really don't know the answer to that?" He kicks a rock across the driveway and it skitters toward the outhouses.

I sigh as we arrive at the coolers by the driveway. "Well, I get that you have to leave the state if you want anything to happen in your life," I say, retrieving a mini size bag of licorice from my back pocket.

He brushes strands of his hair out of his eyes then unfastens the tool belt from his waist. "So that's why you left? To make something happen?"

I shrug, not wanting to lie to him, but I can't tell him the truth either. "More or less." I chew on a piece of licorice and offer Tristan one, which he takes. "And I like it here a lot better than in Wyoming." Lifting the lid of the cooler, I grab a bottle of water then sit down on the ground. "It's warmer. And different. And near the ocean."

He places the tool belt on the ground then takes a seat beside me with the licorice hanging from his lips like a cigarette. "Do you go to the ocean a lot?"

I unscrew the cap from the bottle of the water. "Sometimes."

He picks at the scab on the side of his hand. "I've never actually seen the ocean before."

I pour a bit of water down the back of my neck, but it's only lukewarm and isn't as refreshing as I hoped. "Never? Really?"

He rests back on his hands. "I'm not sheltered or anything. I've just spent most of my life doing pointless shit that never took me anywhere." He looks so depressed and perhaps that's why I say what I do next.

"Well, maybe I could take you there sometime," I suggest, practically strangling the water bottle in my hand. "It's only like an hour drive or something, and we're supposed to be friends so... I mean, friends go to the beach right?"

He stares at me then sits up and gently pries the water bottle from my death grip. "You really want to do that? Go to the beach and hang out with me?" He seems doubtful.

"Sure. Why not?" I say indifferently, but my fidgetiness doesn't match my words.

"I can think of a few reasons." He eyes me over as he opens the bottle and pours water all over his neck and down his shirt. The wet fabric clings to his muscles, which is almost as bad as him being shirtless.

I gawk at him, temporarily wishing that I didn't make up that stupid rule.

"Still want me to keep it on?" he asks, grabbing the hem of his damp t-shirt like he's going to tug it over his head.

"Yes." My mouth feels as dry as sand. I snatch the water from him and devour it while he laughs at me. When I finish it, I get up and dust the dirt off my ass. "Now if you'll excuse me, I have to go to work."

He stands up and stretches out his legs. "But I thought you didn't work until later at night?"

"Normally I don't, but it's Friday night and Benny is interviewing for a temporary carder at the front door. Things get a little intense around this time of year so he always hires extra help on the weekends for a couple of months until things taper off when the weather gets cooler. I'm supposed to help with the interviews because he seems to think I have a good sense of people's characters. Although, according to Charissa, it's because he wants to get into my pants."

"I've seen the way he looks at you," Tristan says, annoyed. "I think Charissa might be on to something."

"You sound jealous," I joke over the excruciating truth-that the only reason I still have the job at the bar is because Benny does want to get into my pants. I wish I could quit, but I can't afford to.

"I am." Tristan's expression is dead serious.

A tiny rush of approval shoots through me, but I bury the feeling down. Not going down that road. "But it's a job so it doesn't matter, does it?"

"Tell that to Nova," he mutters in aggravation. "She's been on my case to get a job."

"She seems like a smart girl." I nudge his foot with mine. "What? Pretty Boy doesn't want to work?"

"No, that's not it." His jaw is set tight. "I really, really fucking do. Badly. In fact I'm becoming desperate at this point." He yanks his fingers through his hair, stressed out. "I'm just having a hard time finding a job when I've only worked as a dealer."

"But you're going to school, right?" I wonder why he suddenly appears so stressed out about this. "That has to help."

He shrugs as his arm falls to his side. "Not really. No one wants to take a chance on a twenty-three-year old ex-druggie/dealer, who has no work history and whose major is general studies." He doesn't look at me. "It's pretty clear how much of a waste I am."

"Hey, you're not a waste." This time I kick his foot in a very serious manner. "I hate when people do that-feel sorry for themselves."

"I'm not feeling sorry for myself." He gazes out at the road in front of the house. "It's just the truth."

"No, it's not," I argue persistently. "And whoever told you that is a fucking liar."

He glances at me from the corner of his eye. "Who said anyone told me that? Maybe I arrived at that conclusion all by myself."

"Someone had to have helped," I say, thinking of my mother and Conner and how they helped rip my self-esteem away for a while there, to the point that I sunk so low I gave up. "Yeah, maybe you came to the conclusion yourself, but there's usually outside help that pushes you in that direction... beats you down..." I trail off as my past flashes through my mind, bright and agonizing.

Everything.

Was.

Taken.

Away.

Bit.

By.

Bit.

And then I got it back.

I blink from my thoughts, overlooking the look he's giving me, the one that asks: what's your story? You saw a glimpse of mine and I want to see a glimpse of yours.

I'm not sure what I'm doing but suddenly I'm offering him another chance into my life. "You know what. Come with me. I'm getting you a job."

"And how the hell are you going to do that?" he wonders in puzzlement.

"Hey, I have connections my friend." I wait for him to take my hand, but he just stares at me, waiting for further explanation. "Okay, fine. I'm going to get you the carder job."

He wavers with reluctance. "At the bar? With you?"

I nod, realizing I just gave him more time in my life and he'll get to witness a side of me no one close to me ever sees. Yet I continue, because I want to help him-need to help him. "It's a super easy job, and temporary so it should work out."

"At a bar?" he repeats, astounded.

"Well, it's not technically in the bar, right?" I tuck my hands into the pocket of my red cut-offs. "Just the front door. And besides, I'll keep an eye on you."

"Is that what friends do? Keep an eye on each other?" he asks dubiously.

"I'm not sure, since I don't have a ton of friends." I'm still offering him my hand like I did in the motel. It's beginning to become our thing and I wonder how many times I'll do it. Just like I wonder if he'll ever offer me his hand and if I'll take it. "All I know is that I want to help you."

His gaze deliberately glides up my body and rests on my eyes then he slips his fingers through mine. "Thanks, Avery. And I really mean that. Thank you. For everything. If you only knew how much this was helping me, well... I'm going to pay you back one day. I promise." An abundance of emotions reflect from his blue eyes. Intensity. Gratitude. Confusion. Lust. Fear. Vulnerability. I swear it's like getting some insight into his soul. In return I should be showing him a glimpse of mine, shouldn't I?

But if he really knew stuff about me then he probably wouldn't be looking at me like that to begin with.

Chapter 24

I'm pretty sure I'm fucked.

Tristan

The Vibe appears vacant when we arrive that afternoon. The open sign is off, the parking lot is bare, and sagebrush blows around the side of the brick building.

"Is anyone even here?" I ask Avery as I hop out of the Jeep, the warm air dusting my skin.

She nods as her feet hit the ground, then she slams the car door. "Benny actually pretty much lives in his office. He even has an air mattress in it."

"And how do you know that?" I ask as we veer around the side of the building and toward the front door.

"Because I hang out in his office while I do his books." Her fingers wrap around the door handle and she opens the door.

I follow her inside. "Does he pay you extra for doing that?"

The interior lights are off in the bar, the chairs are turned up on the table, and the cool breeze of the air conditioning feels fantastic.

We actually had to swing by the motel before we came here so I could change out of my sweaty clothes and look presentable.

"No, but it'll help me in the future when I look for a job in accounting," Avery explains as she crosses the bar and winds around the back of the counter, heading toward a hallway with me at her heels.

"That seems pretty unfair for you to do the work and not get paid," I comment as we trot up a slender stairway.

"Well, life really isn't fair, is it?" When she arrives at a shut door at the top of the stairs, she faces me. "You ready for this?"

I shrug, realizing how nervous I feel. My first job interview. Weird. "As ready as I'll ever be."

She offers me an encouraging smile. "Just be your charming self and you'll do fine."

"I'm only charming with the female population." I wink at her. "Dudes don't like me."

"See, charming right there." Then she knocks as she cracks open the door. "Benny, I found you a temporary carder."

"Yeah, bring him in," he calls out, and then Avery inches the door open. She winks at me before she enters the small, disorderly room.

Leaving the door ajar, she takes a seat behind a desk piled with papers and soda cans. Next to her is a guy about a half a decade older than me, give or take a year. He's wearing a nice collared shirt with the sleeves rolled up, and he has an impressive silver watch on his wrist. I remember seeing him at The Vibe three months ago and how he checked out Avery the entire time he was chatting with her.

"Hey, have a seat," he says, motioning me inside the office.

From the fake politeness in his tone, I can tell right away he doesn't like me. Probably because I'm a guy and Avery brought me here. I figure there's no way I'm going to get the job, but I still sit down and answer his questions about my past jobs-none-and my skills-I only have a few. When he's finished, I wait for him to kick me out the door, but instead he turns to Avery.

"So, what do you think?" he asks her, discreetly checking out her tits when she glances over at me.

"Well, my opinion is kind of biased considering I like him." She immediately pulls a whoops face, like she didn't mean to reveal that. "But, yeah, I think you should give him the job." She looks at me again with a twinkle in her hazel eyes. "It'll bring the ladies in."

I softly chuckle. "Yeah, I don't know about that."

"Oh, whatever." As she beams at me, I grin back, unable to help it. "You know it will."

Our little flirting moment is bugging Benny, and I'm sure I'm getting more negative marks with each smile Avery easily throws in my direction.

"So, here's what I'm proposing." She rotates in the chair to look at Benny and crosses her legs. "Hire him. See how he does. If he messes up, it's all on me. In fact, you can fire me."

Shit. I don't like her vouching for me at the risk of her job. It makes the pressure to do well intense, and considering my past, I'm more likely to fuck up than excel.

But Benny actually considers her offer and then sticks out his hand to shake on it. "All right, you're in charge of him. If he messes up, it's on you."

I'm so glad they had this conversation in front of me. Jesus. And the lustful look he gives Avery is enough for me to want to clock him in the face. But I keep my composure, knowing Avery is risking a lot on me right now, and the last thing I should do is pay her back by punching her boss in the face.

"Thanks, Benny." She stands, and Benny checks out her ass when she's not looking.

"Ready to get started?" Avery asks me, scooping up a few pieces of candy from a dish on the desk on her way out.

I nod then say thank you to Benny for the opportunity before following Avery out of the office. She tosses a candy at me while we're heading down the stairway. I catch it, unwrap it, and pop it into my mouth, watching as she does the same. We don't say anything until we reach the bottom floor again. Then I snag her arm and stop her before she continues down the hall. Her back presses against my chest and the vanilla scent of her immediately overwhelms me.

"Why did you do that?" I ask, fleetingly shutting my eyes as I bask in the suppleness of her skin beneath my fingers. "Vouch for me like that and risk getting fired?"

She shivers, but then quickly slips her arm from my hold. "I don't really think Benny is going to fire me-he likes me too much."

"Yeah, clearly," I reply dryly as I open my eyelids. "He was practically undressing you the entire time you were in there."

She shudders, repulsed. "And, also, I know you're going to do well, so I don't have to worry."

I laugh sardonically. "Do you not remember how only a couple of days ago I had a bag of"-I lower my voice as I lean in-"meth in my pocket?"

"Yeah, but you didn't do it, so I'm not worried. You're doing awesome." When she sticks out her hand for a fist bump, I tap my knuckles against hers. "Just like you're going to do awesome with this job."

I want to tell her about the neighbor and his threats just to prove how wrong she is about me, but then I realize that, in doing so, I would make myself look bad. I don't want to look bad to her anymore, not when she just got me a job. So I keep my lips sealed and let my training for my first legal job begin.

***

The training continues for the next three weekdays. Sometimes I'm paired with another waitress, including Charissa, the woman who coaxed Avery into going out back with me the night we kissed. It's a fairly easy job, and the pay is good enough that I should be able to give my neighbor his hundred bucks with my first paycheck. However, when Friday rolls around, Avery warns me that the easiness of the job is about to get intense.

"Are you sure you're ready for this? Because I can ask Benny if I can help you," Avery says as we hike down the dirt driveway toward her Jeep parked on the road with several other vehicles. She's getting ready to go home, leaving a few hours earlier than when I have to leave. Each day we part, I find myself missing her more even though I get to see her at work.

"I'll be fine," I reassure her. "I'm a natural, remember?"

She smiles yet still seems apprehensive. "But it's going to be a super intense night, and I just don't want you to feel... I don't know, overwhelmed."

"Of course I'll be fine." When we reach the Jeep, I open the door for her. "I've been doing well the last three days. The job is actually pretty simple."

"Yeah, but-"

"No buts," I interject. "But it is super cute that you're concerned about me."

"You're such a dorky flirt." Strands of her long, brown and purple hair come loose from her ponytail as the wind gusts from behind her. The sight makes me stupidly breathless.

We're supposed to be friends. Just friends. So stop. She doesn't want you like that.

"Dorky flirt?" I press my hand to my chest, my dank T-shirt sticking to my skin. "How your words wound me."

"Oh, whatever. You totally get off on stuff like that." She combs her fingers through her hair then puts it back into a ponytail. What I wouldn't give to touch her hair, to be allowed to touch her... for her to want to touch me... the things we could touch... But she doesn't want you like that.

I shake the dirty images from my head. "That I do. Although, I get off more when you say stuff like that to me."

She grips the edge of the door and peers up at me through her eyelashes. Whether the move is on purpose or not, I have no idea, but it's sexy as hell and fills me with the all-consuming urge to jerk her against me and devour her with my mouth.

My dirty mind has been running wild lately and only increases when I'm near Avery, like now. She doesn't have a drop of makeup on, her skin bare, eyes flawless, lips utterly perfect. God, what I would give to kiss her again, this time without her stopping me. These thoughts make the friend thing complicated because she's made kissing completely forbidden.

I'm drawn to Avery for so many reasons. The magnetic pull I felt with her in the beginning grows more powerful each time she smiles at me, does something nice for me, or just simply laughs at one of my jokes. I keep telling myself it's a good thing, though, that she has her rules since the last thing I could ever be is a good boyfriend, no matter how much I wish I could be. It's not like learning a job. I can't simply learn to become a guy who loves a woman unconditionally and gives up everything to be with her. That's not the way it works. Well, except for maybe with Nova and Quinton, but those two are weird.

"Tristan, did you hear what I said?" Avery angles her head to the side, her expression tinged with concern.

I dazedly rip my attention away from her mouth. "Nope, not a clue."

Her fingers skim across her lips, as if she knows what I was just imagining doing to her. "I asked you if you were doing anything next Sunday."

"Why? Are you going to ask me out on a date?" I laugh at my joke, the noise getting caught in my throat when she doesn't join in. "Oh, my God, you were, weren't you?" I'm struck speechless.

"Not a date," she hastily says. "Just friends hanging out for my birthday. Well, my birthday's actually this Saturday, but the only day that would work for everyone to get together is next Sunday. It'll just be me, Charissa, and a handful of other people who work at the bar. We're going to the beach. I honestly don't want to go, because I'm not a fan of some of the people who are attending, but Charissa is insisting I need a break from..." She trails off, her eyes widening like she was about to say something she didn't mean. "But anyway, I could really use a friend there with me. Someone who is actually my friend and doesn't know me by association through Charissa and who won't want to get trashed and... Yeah, it'll be later that day. I have a few things I have to do in the morning." She stops rambling and laughs at herself. "Sorry, I don't know why I'm so nervous asking you this."

I would die to find out why she's nervous asking me. I'm not going to push her to tell me, though.

"So, let me get this straight," I say carefully. "You want me to go to the beach with you for a late birthday party. Hangout with you for a non-work thing, so we'll be hanging out somewhere else besides work?"

She shrugs then nods. "Yeah, I guess I do."

"Okay," I say breezily. "I'll go."

"Okay," she echoes me then sputters, "But just as friends. You know that, right?"

"Yeah, you said that twice already, so I get the picture." I kind of enjoy this nervous side of her because it makes her easier to read. Usually, I have no idea what the fuck's going on in her head.

"Okay, then." She releases her grip on the door and swings her leg up to get in the car. "I'll see you next Sunday."

Her nervousness might seriously be the most adorable thing I've ever seen. "Well, you'll see me tonight and almost every other day, too, since we'll be at work together."

"Right, yeah, duh." Her laugh is off-pitch as she hoists herself into the vehicle and plops her ass into the seat. "See you tonight then."

I close the door for her then scoot back as she revs up the engine. She waves at me before she buckles her seatbelt. Then I watch her as she shakes her head and mutters something under her breath, like she's giving herself a stern lecture.

I'm smiling like a stupid, high motherfucker by the time I return to work, despite the voice in the back of my head whispering that I'm not good enough for her. The voice can go fuck itself right now because I don't want to listen to it.

The rest of the day goes by with ease as I continue to think about Avery. It seemed like her nervousness was because she wanted to spend time with me. It's nice to be wanted and really nice to be wanted by Avery, even if it's just as friends.

By the time I get back to the motel and get cleaned up for work, I feel content and confused, so much so that I'm pretty sure Nova thinks I'm stoned.

"Are you sure you're feeling okay?" she asks as I walk out of the bathroom, towel drying my hair.

"Yeah. Why?" I slide my phone out of my pocket then frown at the one missed call and a text message from my mother.

Mom: That Dylan guy came looking for you again. I tried to call you, but apparently you're too good to answer your phone.

"You just seem... happy," Nova remarks as I type my mother a text.

Me: Report him to the police for God's sake. I told you this last time. It's important that u do.

"Is there something wrong with that?" I ask as I put my phone away. I make a mental note to call my dad tomorrow morning when he's off work to have a chat with him about reporting Dylan, since my mother's instability is starting to become more evident.

"No, it's good." She slides the handle of her purse over her shoulder. "Actually, it's really good." The smallest amount of emotion creeps into her voice, and I swear, if I look close enough, that guilt she carries inside her over me has slightly diminished.

"Yeah, I think so, too," I agree, oddly relieved that maybe, just maybe, she might not be feeling so guilty anymore.

While we share a moment of understanding, I remember how much I thought I loved her once, to the point that it felt like my entire world would be destroyed if I couldn't have her. Now, I don't have her and it feels... well, right.

Nova clears her throat. "But anyway," she says. "Are you ready to get this show on the road?"

"Yeah, just as long as you're okay with driving me. It's been a long day for you."

She's giving me a ride to work, then she has to go to work herself, so I feel kind of bad.

Nova beams as she gathers her keys from the table. "Oh, Tristan, don't be ridiculous. I'm ecstatic to be driving you to your first job for the third day in a row," she says. "And you look good, by the way."

I have one of my nicest T-shirts on along with a pair of jeans, and I smell like cologne instead of cigarette smoke. It's probably the best I've looked in a long time because it's the first time in forever I've cared about my appearance.

"Thanks, but it's not my first job." I collect my wallet from the top of the television then follow her out the door and into the humid air. "I've worked before... Well, I guess this is my first legal job, though."

Nova throws a glance over her shoulder at me as she steps outside, her blue eyes sparkling in the dwindling pinkish sunlight. "And you should be very proud that you have a real job now."

I close the door and lock it behind me. "I am, I guess."

"No guessing." She sternly points a finger at me. "You are proud."

"Okay, I am proud." I tuck my wallet into my back pocket as we start toward the cherry red Chevy Nova in the middle of the gravel parking lot. "Although, I have to give Avery almost all the credit. She got me the job by vouching for me."

"She's so nice, although she does seem really stressed out sometimes." She stops just short of her car and turns to me with her brows dipped. "Do you ever wonder why she needed the home?"

"Yeah, all the time." I pause. "Why? Do you know something about it?"

She hurriedly shakes her head. "I'd really like to spend some time with her though, and find out, if nothing else, for you."

"Why would it be for me?"

"Because you have feelings for her. I can tell."

"That's absurd. We're just friends, and I'm kind of okay with that. Happy even. Things feel... good."

"And I'm glad they feel good, but I don't believe for one second you two are just friends, no matter how many times you both say it." She walks backwards, facing me as we continue toward her car. "And even if you are just friends, you kind of remind me of the way Quinton and I were just friends right after he got out of rehab. We'd always just talked-we had the best conversations ever-but the entire time, I kept thinking about how much I wanted more. Eventually, it just happened."

Just the thought of that occurring between Avery and me causes untamed desire to pulsate through my body. My heart crashes against my chest like I just did a line of meth.

I want Avery. I've known that since the day I first met her. But...

"It's not going to happen. We have a rule so that it won't."

Nova lets what I said sink in and then she erupts in laughter. "Okay, well, that pact is going to be broken eventually. I can tell you that right now. You, my friend, are a rule breaker. And I'm guessing by the way Avery looks at you sometimes, she's going to be a rule breaker, too."

"Nova, she doesn't want the rule broken. She's been through stuff... things that..." I shouldn't be talking about this with her, because I'm not sure if Avery would want me to. "But anyway, yeah, we're just friends and that's all she wants from me."

"Fine. You're just friends," she agrees, more to appease me than anything. "It's amazing how much you two have to say that."

Giving up, I sigh and start for the car again. "Come on, or I'm going to be late."

I make it about two steps before I hear my name being called out. My body goes as stiff as a board as I turn to find the neighbor jogging toward me. I have no idea how he figured out my name other than I must have told him when I was drunk. I don't like that he knows it.

"So, do you have the money?" He's out of breath by the time he reaches me, hunched over, gasping for air as he clutches his knees for support.

I tell myself to remain calm, even though my instincts beg me to tell this guy to go fuck himself. "I'll have the hundred by Tuesday." I refuse to look at Nova, because I don't want to see the disappointment in her eyes. "I'm getting paid then."

He straightens up, his face pallid, his pitted cheeks red. "I told you it was five hundred."

My fingers curl inward as I stab my nails into my flesh, fighting to keep my temper under control, something I've rarely done in the past, never thinking ahead. Now I am. I'm thinking about work, about seeing Avery at the bar, about spending time with her on Sunday, getting to see the ocean for the first time.

"And I told you there wasn't five hundred in that bag," I say as coolly as I can. "And you're delusional if you think I'm going to give you extra because you owe this Skullman dude or whatever."

"You're walking a dangerous line," he warns, shooting a harsh glance from Nova to me. Then his bloodshot eyes darken and he inches toward me, lowering his voice. "You better watch it or stuff might happen."

An invisible rubber band snaps inside me and all my restraint flies right out the window. I slam my hands against his chest and shove him back. "You better watch it, or I swear to God-"

"You swear to God what?!" he shouts as he recovers his footing and barrels back at me. I move toward him, too, knowing firsthand that his druggie body is no match for me when I'm sober. When he realizes he's not scaring me, he shifts his direction and backs away toward the motel. "You have no fucking idea who you're messing with. And when you do find out, that pretty little face of yours is going to be fucked up." He spins unsteadily on his heels then makes a crooked path back to his room.

"Fuck," I mutter under my breath as I turn to Nova.

Her eyes are so massive that they magnify all her fear and distress. "What was that about?"

"Nothing." I signal for her to follow me as I stride toward the car, more irritated with myself than anything. I've been doing well and shouldn't be dealing with this crap anymore, but it's like trouble follows me. Always has.

God, what would Avery think of me? I really need to start making better choices. The thought strikes me out of nowhere, and I'm not quite sure what to do with it or where the hell it came from.

"Tristan, don't shut down on me," Nova demands, her sandals scuffing against the gravel as she jogs to catch up with me. "You can't shut down."

"I'm not shutting down." I skid to a stop when I reach the car. What the hell do I tell her? Lie or admit the truth? The truth will reveal my cracks, and Nova will open them up even further because that's what she does.

Lie?

Truth?

Old Tristan?

This weird, new sober one?

Honestly, I kind of like the new one, which is really fucking hard to admit. After years of self-loathing, holding on to everything bad I've done, suddenly I don't want to feel the pain of my past anymore.

I open the passenger door. "Get in and I'll tell you what happened."

I wait until we're driving down the highway toward The Vibe before I spill the truth to her. By the time I'm finished, I feel a bit better about the situation. Not great, because I still have to deal with our neighbor, but okay.

"Do you even know who this Skullman is?" Nova asks after I've finished explaining. We're nearing the edge of town, the trees on the sides of the road shifting into sidewalks and small stores.

"I don't even know the neighbor's name for God's sake. He just showed up out of nowhere, demanding his drugs." My head flops back against the seat, and I close my eyes. "I never should have dumped that bag down the toilet."

She's quiet for a minute, and when she speaks again, her voice is gentle yet firm. "Yes, you should have."

I open my eyes and look at her. "Okay, I don't mean for this to sound rude, but are you crazy?"

Her knuckles whiten as she grips the steering wheel and gives me a sidelong glance. "No. I just know that, the longer you kept that bag, the more likely it would have ended up in your bloodstream than in the sewer system where it belonged."

"I messed up." It's all I can think to say. "Just like I always do."

"Everyone messes up, Tristan. It's how we deal with the mess ups that define us." Her attention returns to the road as she makes a turn down a side street. "You chose to dump the drugs because you knew it was the best thing for you to do."

"And because of Avery," I add without any forethought.

"Yes, with Avery's little push, you did make that choice, and I love her for it. But, in the end, it was your choice, Tristan. You made it. All by yourself."

"Yeah, but now I'm supposed to, what? Just overpay the dumbass neighbor for drugs I didn't even do because he threatened me? Because I don't want to."

"Then don't." She downshifts as she slows down to pull into the packed parking lot of The Vibe. Almost all of the spaces are filled, and there are vehicles even lined up against the curb.

"Jesus, there's a ton of people here tonight," Nova mutters as she cranes the steering wheel, maneuvering the car into a compact space near the back door employees enter the bar through.

After she shifts into park, she revolves in her seat to face me. "Here's what we're going to do. When you get home, we'll all pile in what money we can afford. Then Quinton and you will go over there, give the guy his hundred dollars, and tell him that's all he's getting."

"I don't want you or Quinton involved in this." I unclick my seatbelt and let it unwind. "This is my problem."

"You're our friend, so it's our problem." When I open my mouth to argue with her, she cuts me off. "Tristan, whether you'll admit it or not, you helped out Quinton and me in the past, so now we're going to help you."

I roll my eyes. "More like the other way around." I reach for the door handle to get out, but her fingers enclose around my elbow before I can get anywhere.

"That day on the roof with Quinton, when you forgave him and thanked him for saving your life... You helped save him, Tristan. And you never blamed him for what happened to your sister, and he needed that."

"Yeah, well..." Yeah, well, what, Tristan? What is your arguing point on this one?

"Good, then we have an agreement." As her fingers leave my arm, she sits back in her seat.

"I'm going to pay you guys back every penny." I flip the handle and push the door open. "I promise, Nova. I don't want to be that guy with you two-the one who gets into debt over drugs."

She smiles tolerantly, and I know it's going to be a pain in the ass paying her back, but I will do it because I need to do it, need to be better than the old me.

"I'll pick you up at one."

"Thanks, Nova." I climb out and step into the busy sounds of the people and bustle. Avery was right when she said Friday nights were intense-there are so many people waiting to get in, the line winds around the building. "And I mean that. Thank you."

"You're welcome." She smiles as I close the door then she backs away.

I make my way down the alleyway toward the back door, smoking my last cigarette for the next couple of hours. Once I'm inside, I clock in then stop by the bathroom to splash some cold water on my face, trying to shake off what happened; not just with the neighbor, but with Nova. I wasn't lying when I said I didn't want them getting involved in my problems, but a part of me is grateful I'm not alone in this, like I have been for years.

It's going to be okay. Everything is going to be okay. This isn't like the last time you got yourself into a mess.

I exit the bathroom and start down the hallway, stopping just short of the bar. If I thought the noise outside was intense outside, it's nothing compared to the inside. Music is booming through the stereo system and people are packed from wall to wall. The only gap of space is behind the bar where Avery and Charissa are working like crazy to fill drink orders.

Like magnets, my eyes lock on Avery. She's wearing a tight, white tank top and cut off denim shorts. Purple strands of her hair frame her face while the rest is pulled up into a loose knot on the back of her head. I can see the tip of the tree tattoo peeking out from her shirt. Every time she bends over to grab a beer from the cooler, her shorts ride up and her ass cheeks peek out of the bottom, giving me a good glimpse of that flower tattoo on the back of her thigh. It's a nice ass. A really, really nice ass. Perfect enough to give me an instant hard on. God, the things I could do to that ass.

I probably stand there a little too long, admiring the view, before I push my way through the crowd and toward the front door. I end up taking an unnecessary route behind the bar, so I can stop by and say hi to Avery.

As I move up behind her, I find myself oddly nervous as the desire I felt earlier pours through me like a lethal dose of heroin.

While I'm checking her out, resisting the urge to grab Avery's ass and kiss her neck, Charissa glances over her shoulder at me. She gives me a quick wink and a discreet glance in Avery's direction, as if giving me her approval. For what exactly, I'm not sure, but I have a couple of ideas. Why I react on these ideas, I have no clue. Maybe it's because I'm horny as hell and haven't had any in months. Or perhaps it's that I'm attracted to Avery more than I have been to anyone else. Or maybe it's just the simple fact that I want to touch her, get close to her, breathe her in, just have her anyway she'll let me.

Dipping my mouth close to Avery's ear, my fingers graze the sliver of skin between her shirt and shorts. "Hey," I whisper.

"Holy fucking shit!" She jumps, dropping the bottle opener and spinning around. Her eyes are wide, her lips parted, and she's breathing wildly. "Jesus," she breathes, pressing her hand to her ravenous chest. "You scared the shit out of me."

"Sorry," I apologize, but then I bust up laughing.

She narrows her eyes at me. "You think it's funny?"

"Yeah. You would, too, if you saw the look on your face." My laughter silences as I realize how close we are. Our chests are pressed together and our hips could easily grind against each other's like they did in the alleyway. "I really am sorry. I didn't mean to scare you. I just wanted to say hi."

"Hi," she says then shoos me away. "Now go away. You're throwing me off my game."

I don't budge. "What game?"

"The 'I Am a Sex Goddess' game." She puts her hand on my arm and gives me a gentle shove. "The one where I get a lot of tips."

That's when I realize just how low cut her shirt is, way more revealing than what she wears to the jobsite and weekdays when she's at the bar.

My gaze travels to the cleavage peeking out. "I'm sure you'll get a lot of those." I scratch at my neck as I steal another glance.

"Did you seriously just check out my chest?" She pushes me again, her cheeks flushed. "What the hell, Tristan? That is so breaking the rules." She doesn't seem very upset. In fact, I think she might be flattered.

I grin shamelessly. "Hey, you didn't make a no checking you out rule."

She opens her mouth to object then seals her lips shut. "You're right. I didn't."

My mouth curls to a smug smirk as I recall the sight of her flushed cheeks. "And I think you might secretly kind of like that I was checking you out, which is why you're blushing."

She bites down on her lip, driving my body into a mad frenzy once again. "Whatever." She points her finger at the front door where people are piling inside. "Get to work."

"Yes, boss." I flash her my best sexy grin then turn to walk away.

"Wait," she says, quickly grabbing my arm. "I have to ask you for a favor."

"Whatever you need, I'm game." I twist back around to face her. "You know that."

"Good." She lets me go then does a quick scan of the bar. "Don't judge me later, okay?"

I scratch my head. "Later...? What are you talking about?"

She sighs. "You'll know what I mean soon and, please, just don't think any less of me... I need the money."

"You have me worried. You're not in any trouble, are you?" I can't help thinking of Conner, wondering if this has something to do with him.

"It's not about him," she presses, as if reading my mind. "It's just work stuff. You'll get it later, and I hope it won't change your opinion about me." She returns to the tap, grabbing a glass and dismissing the conversation and me.

And just like that, any inner peace I was feeling dissipates.

I think that's when I know-when I realize Nova is right. I do have deeper feelings for Avery than simply being friends. That everything I feel, the way I act, is greatly affected by her. I've changed over the last couple of weeks in both good and terrifying ways because of her, which pretty much means I'm fucked.

Because, once again, I'm falling for a girl who won't reciprocate my feelings.

And, once again, I know I'm too stupid to walk away, instead heading straight back to that place where I'll be broken again.

Chapter 25

Welcome humiliation.

Avery

Everything was going great until I stupidly asked Tristan to the beach, acting about as nervous as a sixteen-year-old girl who's never been on a date before. And it's Friday night, so my embarrassment is about to go through the roof because Friday night is dance night.

God, I hate dance night.

"He's quite the charmer, isn't he?" Charissa ambles up to me from behind the bar and stuffs a small stack of bills into the register. "I think you like his charm, too, considering you've been staring at him for ten minutes straight."

The Vibe is loud tonight, pop music throbbing from the speakers, and people on the dance floor are getting hot and heavy. The air is muggy and smells like beer and sweat, and I've got a line of impatient costumers waiting for their drinks. I'm moving a little slower than normal thanks to my obsessive need to check on Tristan and make sure he's not getting too overwhelmed. I promised I'd keep an eye on him, and God dammit, that's what I'm going to do.

"I am not." I line five shot glasses onto the countertop, pretending what she's saying is a lie. Because I have been really aware of him-how he's doing, every time he laughs, every time a girl comes in and flirts with him. It's driving me crazier than it should. Getting him a job here seemed like such a grandtastic idea at the time, but with each moment we spend together, we get dangerously closer. And I feel like I'm falling again.

Down.

Down.

Down.

The.

Rabbit.

Hole.

Stupidly returning to dreamland.

Where guys are good.

And don't break me apart.

Where I can give them my heart.

And they won't shatter it.

"Yeah, you are. And I notice how much you smile around him, too." Charissa plants her butt on the counter, her legs dangling over the edge. She's dressed to draw attention-her blonde hair in a high ponytail, her smoky eyes seductive, and her lips a fiery red. Her strapless dress leaves little to the imagination, and her leather stilettos are about six inches high. "I'm pretty sure I've never even seen you smile, like a real smile, until the other night when he showed up here."

"I real smile all the time," I argue. "Tristan just jokes around a lot with me, so it happens more often."

As she crosses her legs, the guy who ordered the shots zeroes in on them. "That's such bullshit. You two so want to rip each other's clothes off. I can tell."

I grab a top shelf tequila, twist the lid off, and tip the bottle to fill each shot glass to the brim. "We're just friends, Charissa. Guys and girls can be just friends."

"Yeah, but friends don't kiss out in the alley."

I place the bottle on the counter and glare at her. "Hey, I told you that under the assumption it would remain confidential."

"I didn't tell anyone," she promises. "I'm just pointing out that you did kiss, and you said it was a hot but forbidden kiss."

"Forbidden being the key word. As in, it never should have happened."

"Forbidden doesn't mean wrong, Avery. It just means you're confused because you liked it."

"I'm getting annoyed by this conversation."

"Fine." She swings her feet onto the counter. "But answer me this. You haven't been with a guy in two years, never shown any interest in anyone until he"-she points in Tristan's direction-"shows up. You have to ask yourself why? Why him?"

There's no way I'll ever tell her about the night I almost died, how greatly it affected me, and how helping Tristan has started to settle that overpowering compulsion to do something greater in this life. "He's just a friend."

"So lame. And a lie." She stands up on the counter, the top of her head grazing the shelf above. "Now get your ass up here and join me."

"I don't want to," I mutter as the guy buying the shots hands me some cash.

Charissa puts her hands on her waist as she juts out her hip. "Avery, you promised Benny you'd do it one time every Friday, Saturday, and Sunday night, and in return, he gave you a raise."

She does it three times a night with the other two waitresses for entertainment purposes, but really, it drives the male population in like moths to a flame. The sales go through the roof. Me, I freaking hate it and refused to do it for a year until Benny offered me the raise. Then I shamefully caved.

"Fine." I pout as I hand the guy his change then grudgingly climb onto the bar. God, I hope Tristan doesn't judge me as much as I judge myself.

"Yeah, let's get this show on the road." Charissa does this lasso gesture with her hand and the music changes to a more upbeat, western song. "Who's ready to party?"

I can't even look in Tristan's direction. I plaster a smile on my face and momentarily transform myself into someone else, someone who is okay with using their body for more money, someone who seems like my mother's daughter.

It's not like I'm a bad dancer. I'm decent. I can shake my ass and move to the rhythm as good as anyone else. I'm dressed way less skanky than the rest of the waitresses, and I refuse to hike up the bottom of my shirt no matter how many times Benny tells me to. Not only to keep my dignity, but because my scarred flesh isn't going to turn anyone on. I do pull the elastic out of my hair and slip it around my wrist before shaking out my hair.

"Fuck yeah, baby!" some guy wearing a red beanie hollers at me from the crowd.

I blow him a kiss in response. Fucking creepy asshole.

Then I move my feet and wiggle my ass as the song rumbles and thumps. My boots mark up the countertop with each step. No one seems to mind or notice, though, all eyes locked on us, enthralled. The majority of the male population salivates and some of the females do too. Other women hate us. Some have envy in their eyes. I wish I could trade places with those women, let them walk in my shoes. They might not want to be me so much after that.

My embarrassment only grows when some guy yells at me, "Yeah, take it off!"

Welcome humiliation.

I've always despised doing it, but with someone I know watching me, I become painfully aware of just how ashamed I am.

Maybe it's time to find a new job. If only it were that easy.

Three and a half painful minutes later, the song comes to an end. I immediately hop down behind the bar again and start collecting the tips off the counter, not allowing myself to look over at Tristan. After I'm done gathering all the money, I sink down behind the bar, knowing all orders are going to be put on hold while the rest of the waitresses finish dancing.

I cover my ears as the music continues, remembering a time when I was six and my mother first started prostituting herself out. She'd taken me to a neglected motel and left me to hold Jax outside of the door in the cold while she went inside. Music similar to the song playing right now had been turned up to muffle the noises from inside the room, but the outside wasn't any better. I could remember being confused, terrified, and freezing, yet all I could do was cover my ears and cradle Jax in my arms.

"You okay?" Tristan drops down on the floor beside me, stretching out his legs in front of him.

My shoulders jolt from his sudden appearance, and my hands drop from my ears to my chest. "Jesus, you're on a roll tonight with the whole startling the shit out of me thing," I say, unable to meet his eyes, but I can feel his gaze on me, begging me to look at him.

"Sorry, I didn't mean to this time. I just came back here to see if everything was okay."

I slump back against the cubbies behind me. "Yeah, just taking a quick break." I have to talk loudly over the music. "People never order when they're doing..." I point at Charissa then lower my hand to my lap. "Well, you know."

"Why were you covering your ears, though? You're not a fan of music? Because I thought you played the guitar."

"I do... but wait. How did you know that?"

"You mentioned something about it to Nova three months ago."

"And you remembered all this time?" I force a light tone, angling my head forward so my hair curtains my face and blocks my expression from him. "I'm kind of flattered."

"I remember a lot from that night," he replies. From out of the corner of my eye, I notice his gaze travel to my shoulder. "Like how you have that tattoo on your back. I never did get to see all of it."

"And you never will see it."

"Why?"

"Because..." Of the scars, both visible and hidden in the inked words. "It's private."

"So you're never planning on showing it to anyone? Ever?"

I swallow the lump in my throat. The idea of letting someone see the ink surrounded by scars created by a tragedy that I caused, is terrifying. "If I really trusted the person, maybe."

He drums his fingers on his knee to the beat of the song. "So trust, huh? That's how it's done. Dammit, I was hoping it could be bought with brownie points."

I focus on my reflection in the stainless steel cooler across from us. I have no idea why he isn't bringing up the dancing for money thing, but I'm extremely grateful he's not.

"Brownie points can be earned because of trust."

"Dually noted. Although, can I just say that you haven't given me one in a few days. I'm running behind to hit a hundred before I leave here."

"I guess you'll have to step up your A game, then." The most awkward chuckle escapes my lips.

"Guess I will." He pauses, and I feel the temperature shift as he scoots closer to me. "Avery, would you please look at me?"

"I don't want to," I whisper, jutting out my lip, sulking like my five-year-old son. "I don't want to see it."

"See what?"

"You know what. That look on your face."

"How do you know what my face looks like when you haven't looked at me since I sat down?"

He's right. I need to quit being a baby because it was my choice to get on that counter-always is-and it's not like I can stop looking at Tristan forever. I don't want to either.

I turn my head toward him. "There. Are you happy?"

A bright smile graces his lips. "Yep, completely happy. And now that I have your undivided attention, I want to ask what I should wear on Sunday."

"That's all you want to ask?" I question skeptically.

He nods. "What else would I ask?"

I momentarily stare at him, waiting for him to mention the slutty dance routine, but he simply waits for me to answer his question. I mentally give him ten brownie points for his silence and briefly consider kissing him-I'm that grateful. Then I return to my senses a split second later.

"You can wear whatever you want," I manage to say through the confusion crowding my thoughts.

"Anything I want," he muses as he rubs his chin. "Even my birthday suit?"

"Hey, it's my birthday," I counter. "So if anyone gets to wear their birthday suit, it's me."

"Oh, I'm down for that." His gaze darkens and lazily drinks me in from head to toe.

I smack his arm. "Hey, no flirting, remember?"

He chuckles as he rubs the spot on his arm where I smacked. "Fine, but at least tell me I can take my shirt off while I'm at the beach because it would suck if I can't."

"Fine, I will make an exception on that rule, but only for beach purposes."

"Thank you, boss," he teases. "And you have my permission to go shirtless, too."

I roll my eyes, but then laugh. "God, you're lucky you're so amusing, otherwise I couldn't be friends with you."

He grins and my heart misses a beat, scaring the crap out of me since I'm pretty sure it's never done that before, at least from a smile. I need a break to clear my mind from all the fogginess he's instilling. Now.

"Tristan, I don't mean for this to come out rude, but what are you doing back here? Shouldn't you be carding people?"

"Worried I'm slacking on my first day?"

"That's not what I meant. I was just-"

His fingers spread across my thigh, causing goosebumps to sprout across my flesh in a good way. "Relax, Avery. I'm just kidding."

My gaze drops to his hand, his palm scorching my flesh, heating places that have been frigid for a very long time. The fogginess I was trying to escape wraps around me and sucks me back in.

He tracks my gaze but doesn't withdraw his hand. "I was told by Benny to take a quick break before eleven and the rush comes in." As his eyes drift up to mine, his tongue slips out to moisten his lips.

I should tell him to remove his hand. I really fucking should. However, I can't get the words to leave my mouth. I start to recollect the kiss out in the alley and can almost feel his lips on mine, his hands on me, how he tasted. I'm thinking very un-friend type things at the moment, and for some reason, I can't find the strength to give a shit that I'm breaking my own rules.

Through my cloudy brain, I manage to smile. "So, how's your first night going?"

"It hasn't been super easy," he admits, glancing at the array of alcohol bottles in front of us while his fingers continue sketching a featherlight path on my thigh. "But honestly, I thought it'd be harder than it is. That might be because it's so fucking busy I barely have time to think of anything else."

"That's what makes it easier for me." I pick at a loose thread on my shorts, glancing at his hand again. Tell him to move it. "Well, that and the fact that I don't want to go back to the person I was when I was drunk all the time."

He considers something carefully while looking at my shoulder then a lopsided grin forms. "I would really like to hear that story one day." The sincerity in his eyes throws me off balance. "That is, if I can earn your trust."

"Maybe one day." Relief washes over me when the music turns off. I jump to my feet and his hand falls off my leg. Suddenly, I can breathe again. "Times up. Let's get our asses back to work."

Nodding, he stands up. "See you next break." Then he does something unexpected and completely against the rules, like the thigh touching, maybe even more so because it feels so intimate.

He lifts his hand and tucks a strand of my hair behind my ear, his fingers grazing my cheekbone before he turns and struts away, leaving me with my mouth agape as I watch him push his way to the front door.

It takes a few seconds for me to jerk my attention away from him. In fact, it takes Charissa smacking my ass to do it. Then I busy myself with orders, making myself focus on only that and not the blonde-haired, blue eyed, sexy guy standing near the entrance door. I do better than I thought I would, but that might be because I never get a break. People continue coming at me with orders all through the night and I struggle to keep up. By the time The Vibe closes, I'm exhausted, reek of booze, and just want to pass out in my bed. Tristan is talking to Benny in the office, and I hope it's not about anything bad.

"See you at the party, if not sooner." Charissa waggles her fingers at me as I lock up the register. "And don't forget that bikini's aren't optional."

I plaster on a sarcastic smile. "Yeah, that ain't happening."

She pulls a face as she slips her hoodie over her dress. "Whatever. Just show up, ready to have fun. No bailing out."

"I promised I would." I put the clean glass down below the register then flip off all the lights except for the front ones near the window and the door.

"You always promise you will," she reminds me, zipping up her hoodie. "But you always bail out early, either because of work, Mason, school, or something else."

"That's because I'm responsible."

"Well, it's your birthday party, so you get exclusive rights to be irresponsible for one night."

"That's not how it works. But I'll try my damn hardest to have fun this time. I'll even pinkie swear on it."

She grins as she walks up to me with her pinkie up. We hitch fingers and then laugh as we pull away.

"I'll see you later, okay?" She starts toward the back door, but briefly pauses before she enters the hallway. "Have fun, Avery."

I figure she's referring to the party again and don't think much of it. I reach under the counter for my purse, and when I stand back upright, Tristan is on the other side of the bar, appearing happy to see me.

"Hey. So I was thinking I could walk you out to your car." He rests his elbows on the counter as I sling my purse handle over my shoulder. "I have to wait for Nova to pick me up anyway. She just texted me to say she's running a few minutes late."

"Actually, I'm taking the bus," I tell him as I dig around in my purse for my bus pass.

"The bus? Why? Where's your car?"

I find my bus pass beneath a sticky piece of candy and a toy car Mason must have put inside there. "A... friend is using it," I lie, having no idea why. I could just tell him about Jax, that he's my brother who lives with me, but I've already told Tristan so much, more than a lot of people.

"Friend?" he questions or more like accuses. "Hmm..."

I round the corner of the bar and head for the main door. "Hmm, what? What are you implying, Tristan?"

He strides after me, his long legs easily keeping up. "I was just wondering if this friend is a friend like me."

"No," I reply without so much as a single thought to what I'm saying. Then I shake my head, flatten my hand against the door, and shove it open, reaching back inside to turn off the last of the lights before walking out into the night.

The crescent moon beams vividly beside the stars that seem to glitter brighter than they have before, as if they're trying to tell me something. Just across the vacant parking lot near the corner of the street is where the bus stop is. It's not far, but the inadequate lighting makes me edgy.

"I guess I'll see you tomorrow night, then?" I skim the parking lot for any sign that Conner could be lurking out there somewhere. I haven't seen or heard from him since the night he banged on the door of my home. But unless he's behind bars, I never feel safe. "What time did Benny schedule you for?"

"Nine." He checks for messages on his phone. "So how long of a bus ride is it?"

"Like forty-five minutes."

"You want a ride?" The pale glow of the screen lights up his face as he reads a text, then his fingers move as he responds to it.

"No, I'm okay." I drag the edge of the bus pass across the palm of my hand, feeling anxious for some reason. "It's late, and I don't want Nova to have to drive fifteen miles out of the way."

"She won't care," he promises, putting his phone away. "She's that way, all do-gooder and everything."

"I can kind of tell. And, really, it's fine. I ride the bus all the time."

"Avery, just let me help. For getting me the job."

"You don't owe me anything for doing that. I like helping you."

"I know you do." The concept seems to acutely puzzle him. "But I want to help you, too, not just take like I used to in the past."

I dither, about to accept his offer because, honestly, I really despise riding the bus, when I notice a familiar car turning off the road and into the parking lot. I remember the day Conner bought the piece of shit and how pissed off I was because we didn't need a second car, especially one that broke down every two seconds. And how he got the money to pay for it made the whole thing even worse.

Two years later, the damn thing still looks like a piece of shit with its mismatching doors, a dented in hood, and an engine that backfires as the car bounces over a speed bump.

"Shit." I skitter back toward the door. "I don't want to fucking deal with this right now."

"Deal with what?" Tristan assesses my expression then tracks my line of vision to the car. "Wait, is that-"

I snatch hold of Tristan's hand and haul him back with me as I hurry inside The Vibe. Darkness blankets the bar, but I don't bother turning the lights on. I drop my purse to the floor, race to the counter, and grab the keys from the drawer near the register. Then I run back for the door, stumbling over a barstool in the process.

"Jesus, Avery," Tristan says in horror as I limp the rest of the way there. "Are you okay?"

I fumble to get the key in the lock, only breathing again when I hear the deadbolt click. Panting, I stare out the door as the car stops in front of the building, backfiring again. The windows are rolled down and the music is cranked up so loudly the window to the side of me vibrates.

"Just go away. Just go away," I chant under my breath.

The driver's side door swings open and then Conner climbs out. He has a cigarette between his lips, is wearing a plaid shirt over a white tank top, and his hair is cropped short. He looks almost like he did toward the end of our marriage except he might be a little bit heavier now. What that means, I have no clue, nor do I care.

My heart slams agonizingly against the inside of my chest as Conner tips his head back and looks up at the neon sign on top of The Vibe. He shuts the door then drops the cigarette to the ground and starts around the car.

"Please get back in your car. Please. Please. Please," I murmur, balling my hands into fists as I begin to shake and shiver.

Tristan suddenly places a hand on my shoulder. Not only do I feel the warmth and calmness, but I drown in it.

"Avery," Tristan utters softly, his fingers drawing a delicate path up and down my arm. "God, you're shivering."

"I'm sorry," I say, like it somehow situation better. My fear of my ex-husband is humiliating, way more than being up on a bar, dancing in front of people.

"Don't be sorry. This isn't your fault. Nothing he does is your fault." His hand glides up to my shoulder, and he gently pulls on me, trying to draw me away from the window. "And he can't get in here, so let's just go back to the bar and wait until he leaves."

"I need to call the police," I mumble as Conner turns away from the building and ducks his head to say something to a guy sitting in the passenger seat. "He's breaking his restraining order again."

Tristan begins tracing soothing circles on the nape of my neck as he steers me away from the door. "We can do that, but after we get you away from the door."

I take one final look at Conner then tear my attention away from him. Not daring to meet Tristan's gaze, I wiggle my arm from his grasp and scurry behind the bar while retrieving my phone from my purse.

"Can you go tell Benny what's up?" I ask as I dial the police. "I want him to know what's going on."

Tristan doesn't say anything, but I hear him retreat toward the stairway to Benny's office. I bite my thumbnail as I quickly tell the operator what's going on, and she says she'll send someone over.

By the time I hang up, Tristan has returned.

"He'll be down in a second," he says, pointing over his shoulder at the hallway. "He went to set the alarm and check all the doors."

I nod, clutching my phone as I pace the floor, listening for yelling, the sounds of glass breaking, threats. However, it remains quiet-too quiet.

"Hey." Tristan circles around to the back of the bar and obstructs my path, causing me to almost run into him. When I slam to a halt, he places his hand over mine and guides my thumb away from my mouth, putting an end to the nail biting. "Everything's going to be okay, Avery. He can't hurt you anymore. And the police will be here soon."

I almost laugh. "The police were at my house the other night, and they couldn't catch him. And even if they did, what would happen? Another short time in jail, if that, then he'd be out, tormenting me again."

"Wait, he was at your house the other night?" Tristan asks, shocked. "Why didn't you say anything?"

A hollow laugh leaves my lips. "Because he's my problem, not yours. You should just walk away now. Go out the back door and don't get involved in this."

"I'm already involved," he says resolutely. "In fact, I got involved three months ago, so I'm not backing out now."

"Tristan, I..." I have no idea what to say to him. Even Jax has never gotten involved like Tristan did that night he stepped in.

For the strangest moment, I feel safe with Conner just yards away, and I have no idea what to do with that. Safeness has never been something that's come easily to me. After my father left, I felt afraid for years while living with my mother. Then Conner came into my life, and for a second, everything felt all right, but it was ephemeral, an illusion.

Could this be another illusion?

Or is it different?

How can I tell?

"I'm not going anywhere," Tristan tells me then pulls over a chair and pats the seat. "Now, sit down and let's talk."

"Talk?" I question, eyeballing the chair with wariness. "About what?"

Tristan sighs as he steps around me and gently sets his hands on my shoulders. Then he steers me toward the chair and lightly pushes me down until I'm sitting. "About anything you want." He takes a seat on the floor in front of the chair.

"I can't think of anything right now," I mutter, my gaze darting to the front door when I hear a sharp bang.

"How about your birthday? Other than the super awesome beach party we're going to, what else are you doing?"

"Um, having cake and ice cream with the family." I can't detach my gaze from the door, deadly afraid that at any moment Conner is going to come storming inside. "And then dinner. We always do dinner... it's a tradition."

"That sounds like fun. It's been a while since I've done the whole cake and ice cream thing."

"I kind of have a sweet tooth," I say, nearly lurching out of the chair when I hear Conner shout my name.

"Yeah, I remember the cupcakes." His voice gets swallowed up by Conner's yelling.

I grip the sides of the chair, my pulse erratic, my breathing shallow.

"Avery."

Oh, my God, he's going to kill me.

Flames.

Fire.

Pain.

I just want it to be over.

"Avery."

When Tristan's fingers graze my chin, the contact jerks me back to him. I realize he's been saying my name over Conner's screams.

"Relax," Tristan says as he kneels up in front of me. "He's not getting to you, even if he gets inside."

"You don't know how violent he is," I whisper as tears sting my eyes. I suck the waterworks back, not wanting to show Tristan my weaknesses. But then I realize he's already seen some of them, so I let the tears fall.

"Avery." The way he says my name, in a solemn whisper, floods my body warmth and erases my fear. The heat only surges greater when he reaches up and begins wiping the tears from my cheeks with his fingertips.

I've never had a guy do this for me before. Usually, they were the ones causing the tears. And it's been so long since someone has taken care of me... so ridiculously long that I have no idea how to react.

"Avery." This time, my name comes out in a husky tone.

I realize I'm leaning toward him. I could stop myself-stop what I'm about to do. There's plenty of time to stop, but I find myself craving the distraction from the banging and yelling going on out front. Wanting the kiss, just wanting it. Plain and simple. It might be the worst timing in the world, but I've had perfectly timed kisses before and that got me nothing other than pain and heartache.

Tristan appears to not be as convinced as I am, because he starts to lean away. Before he can make it too far, I thread my fingers through his hair and pull him toward me again. That's all it takes for his restraint to evaporate.

The moment our lips connect, I realize just how much I've been lying to myself. The kiss is anything but a friend kiss. It has fire. Passion. Heat. It has everything, including the magic ability to erase the pain inside me, to stop my scars from burning each time Conner shouts out my name.

Conner disappears, vanishes somewhere between the first sweep of our tongues and the sound of my whimper as Tristan nibbles at my lip. He rests his hand just under my breast, and my body arches as my nipples harden beneath my shirt.

Good God. I'm coming undone from a simple touch.

Starved.

I am starved.

For him.

"We should probably stop this," he breathes against my mouth as I struggle to get oxygen in my lungs.

Stop?

No, please, no.

Fuck the rules.

Fuck everything.

I respond by scooting forward in the chair and opening my legs so he's between them. He moans in response, his fingers gliding up my thighs. I tense as his hands arrive at the bottom of my shorts. I worry he's going to take this farther than I want to. But instead of trying to feel me up, his fingers delve down into my flesh. With one swift movement, his hands slide up to my hips, and he desperately pulls me closer. Our tongues tangle, slow and sensual as our hands explore each other's bodies.

I grip at his shoulders, pulling him closer, refusing to listen to that inner voice screaming at me to stop this. That I've crossed the point of no return with this friendship and there's no going back. That I need to be able to go back. That I don't want this, at least not under the circumstances.

Before I can respond to my thoughts, Tristan pulls away. His eyes are glazed over, his pupils massive in the darkness covering the bar, his breathing ragged.

"I think I hear sirens," he whispers, tracing the pad of his thumb back and forth across my bottom lip, mesmerized by my mouth.

My chest rapidly rises and falls as I work to catch my breath. "Me, too."

"You'll be safe soon," he promises, still staring at my mouth as if it's the most fascinating thing in the universe.

"Good," I whisper back in a hoarse voice.

What I really want to say is I already feel safe.

Because of you.

Chapter 26

I feel... different.

Tristan

It took a lot of restraint not to walk out that door and beat Conner's ass. The only thing that stopped me was the horrified look on Avery's face. She was one step away from losing it, and I needed to be there to make her stay calm, feel safe.

Then the kiss happened.

The most amazing, terrifying, and poorly timed kiss ever. One I had to end, otherwise I'm not sure I'd be able to ever stop. I needed things not to go that far. Avery needed things not to go that far, whether she realized it or not. And just like that, I realize I've become that guy-the good kind that doesn't put his needs first.

What the hell?

How did that happen?

I'm not supposed to be good. I'm supposed to be bad. Just like I've always been told I was. The screw up. The disappointment. The loser. Junkie. No good bastard.

But maybe they were wrong.

My thoughts sink deep into my bones as the night goes on. The police never catch Conner; he took off the moment he heard the sirens. We file a report, and by the time Nova shows up, Avery looks exhausted. I get her in the car and then hop into the backseat with her. Nova has questions in her eyes as to why there are cop cars everywhere, but I quickly shake my head, warning her not to ask them.

We drive in silence through the faintly lit town, past dark houses and closed stores, up a few narrow side streets, finally arriving at the house Nova and I helped build for Avery. It's in a small, quiet subdivision, and looks peaceful in the darkness of the night.

"Are you sure you're going to be okay?" I ask Avery after Nova pulls up in the driveway. All the interior lights are off and no one looks like they're home. I painfully become aware that I still have no clue who Avery lives with, if anyone.

She nods as I open the door and flip the seat forward to get out of the car. "I'm good... I don't live alone."

"Oh." I step back so she can get out. "Who do you live with?"

"Family," she vaguely replies as she ducks out, clutching her purse.

I want to press her more, but the desperate look she gives me, as if she's silently pleading for me to let her be, silences my questions.

"So you can call me at any time if you need anything," I say.

"Thanks, but I'll be fine." She hurries up the driveway.

I feel the strangest pull to beg her to come back to the motel with me where I know she'll be safe. Instead, I watch as she unlocks the door and rushes inside, flipping on the lights. Then I get back into the car and sigh heavily as Nova backs down the driveway.

"What in the hell happened?" she asks as she drives down the isolated road toward the extended highway that stretches between towns.

"Just a bunch of stuff," I say, strapping on my seatbelt.

"Stuff you can't talk to me about?"

"I'm not sure. And until I am, I'm not going to."

"All right, I get it." She flips on the brights as she changes the topic. "Do you want to go over to the neighbor's tonight or in the morning?"

I check the clock on the dash. "It's kind of late."

"Quinton said they were awake and being obnoxious outside about an hour ago. If they're awake, it'd be good to get it over with."

She's right, so I agree to take care of it if they're still outside when we arrive back to the motel.

For the rest of the drive, the conversation is light. We chat about the documentary she's making and how my classes are going. She asks me about my job, and I ask her the same thing. But the entire time, I'm thinking about Avery.

Avery.

Avery.

Avery.

An echo in my head.

Is she okay after what happened?

God, I hope she's okay.

I feel so different, as if something has altered my life. What makes Avery so different? It's not the same as how I felt with Nova. Yeah, Nova tried to change me, but I half-assed my transformation because I honestly didn't care. With Avery, I want to change, to protect her, to be a better person. But why?

Why?

Why?

Why?

"Oh, good, they're awake," Nova announces with a weary sigh as we park in front of our motel room.

Only a few of the room lights are on, along with the bright green vacancy sign on the billboard next to the main office. Five doors down from ours, the neighbor and his girlfriend are outside, smoking and laughing on the porch. Their room door is open and music and the glow from their lamps filters out into the night.

"Well, at least we can get this over with." When I push open the door to get out, the neighbors instantly look over at me and then frantically start whispering to each other.

I'm a little irked about giving them any money at all because it's just going to go toward drugs and shit. But I don't want to deal with the drama.

I go inside and find Quinton lying in bed, still dressed in jeans and a T-shirt, but his shoes are off and he's drawing in his sketchbook.

"Are you sure you're up for this?" I ask when he sets his pencil down and sits up on the bed, rubbing his eyes.

He nods, understanding my meaning. "What about you?"

"Maybe." I dump the contents of my pockets out onto the table. "You know he's going to be a pain in the ass."

"Yeah, we all were when we were on drugs." He stands up and slips on his shoes then hands me a small stack of money.

"I'm going to pay you guys back," I say lamely as I add my own forty dollars to the stack to make it an even hundred.

"Whatever." He brushes me off. "Let's go deal with the drama."

Quinton tells Nova to stay inside, then we head outside and start toward the neighbors who are still rambling about something in front of their open door.

"I don't even fucking know his name," I mutter as we approach them.

"I think it's Zedd," Quinton replies as he stuffs his hands into his pockets.

"How'd you find that out?"

"I heard his girlfriend screaming at him."

I shake my head. God, it's like I've crossed back into the past. The feeling only amplifies when we reach Zedd and his girlfriend and I hand him the money.

He counts it out then scowls. "This is only a hundred," he tells me with a tick in his jaw.

"Like I told you I was going to pay you," I say, wondering if I was this big of an idiot when I was spun.

Probably more.

Shaking his head, he hands the bills to his girlfriend then crosses his thin arms and stares me down, attempting to be intimidating. "Well, I guess I'm going to have to get Skullman involved."

"Yeah, I have a theory that this Skullman might be a figment of your imagination," Quinton says from beside me.

Zedd's gaze cuts to Quinton. "Who the fuck are you?"

"His backup." Quinton nods his head at me while carrying Zedd's gaze.

"Fuck you both," he says, eyeing us over. Worry flashes across his sunken in face when he notices we're in shape and not strung out, that we could easily beat his ass. "You're going to pay for this. You'll see. Skullman is real." Then he scampers inside and slams the door.

"God, were we that stupid?" I ask as Quinton and I make our way back to our room.

Quinton erupts with laughter. "Oh, yeah. Remember that whole ordeal with Trace?"

"Yeah, but that was caused by my stupidity, not yours." I gaze up at the stars as I reach for my cigarettes in my shirt pocket.

"We both dealt for him," he responds.

I offer him a cigarette and he takes one. We stand out in front of the door in the dark, the night air warm and quiet.

"It seems like such a long time ago," he remarks as he flicks the ash from the cigarette.

I take a drag. "What does?"

He shrugs. "That life. Drugs. All the shittiness."

"Not for me. It seems pretty recent. Although, that feeling has kind of faded over the last couple of weeks."

"I'm not surprised."

"Why?"

He shrugs then relaxes against the door, staring down at the cigarette in his hand. "You seem different lately."

"Yeah, right," I say sarcastically. "Remember, it was just a couple of weeks ago when you had to babysit my drunk ass."

"Yeah, and I also remember how you dumped meth down the toilet instead of snorting it."

"Well, I was confused."

"Are you confused now?" he wonders as he moves the cigarette toward his mouth.

"All the damn time." I stare at the road while cigarette smoke circles my face. "But I do feel different."

"I can tell." He pauses. "And I think I know why."

"If you go there, man, you'll sound just like Nova," I warn as I graze my thumb along the bottom of the cigarette, sprinkling ash everywhere.

"That's a compliment." He flicks the butt to the ground then turns to go inside, but pauses in the doorway. "I don't miss it at all. That life. I think about what we could have been-how Dylan and Delilah turned out-and I'm glad... that I didn't end up like either of them."

I hesitate. He's said this to me before. Usually, I just brush him off, but now, the need to say something back burns at my tongue. Before I can even comprehend what I'm doing, I'm opening my mouth.

"You know what? I'm glad I didn't, either."

Two years and seven months earlier...

Chapter 27

I want to give up.

Avery

I want to give up. That's all I can think anymore. Surrender. Stop breathing. Give Conner what he wants every time he raises his fist.

The kicking.

The yelling.

Getting beaten down.

Sinking into the ground.

Vanishing into a ghost.

Soon, all there'll be left of me is bones.

"I fucking hate you." Conner bashes his fist against my cheek. I almost feel the pain through the alcohol in my system, but not quite. "You are so fucking worthless." Hate burns in his eyes, and his venomous tone conveys the truth. He does loathe me. Blames me.

And now he wants to destroy me.

I used to fight. Used to feel. Used to want to live.

But now...

I can't find the will to care.

So I let him beat me until I'm bloody and battered and curled up on the floor. Only then does he feel satisfied enough to step away and lower his fists.

He takes a good look at me and shakes his head as he wipes my blood from his face. "See what you make me do!" he shouts.

I start to cry, not for myself, but because Mason calls out from his bedroom.

"Great! And now you've woken him up."

I don't utter a word, even as he waits for me to speak. My silence seems to enrage him, and he starts pacing the small space of the living room between the sofa and the bookshelf.

"You are so goddamn annoying. Seriously, I bust my balls for you, trying to give you more money like you asked, but nothing is ever good enough for you." He stops and stares down at me with his bloodshot eyes.

I don't move. Don't breathe. I listen to the sound of my heart thrashing in my chest, hating it.

"Why can't you be grateful?" As he crouches down beside me, I close my eyes. "I'm dealing drugs so you can be happy. Do you know how many husbands will do that?"

I don't answer him. Yes, I hate that he deals drugs, have told him so. But every time I open my mouth, I anger him. And then he hits me and paints his knuckles with my blood. Somehow, it makes him feel better until the next time I open my mouth.

"Fuck you," he finally says, standing back up. "I'm out of here. You're worthless." He storms out the door, and I hear glass shatter, but I don't move-can't move-because I know he's right. I am worthless. I'm broken.

And I don't really care.

About anything anymore.

Chapter 28

I don't care about anything.

Tristan

I'm curled up on the ground with my arms over my head. With each kick, I become more broken. With each hit, I die a little bit more on the inside. The drugs numb the pain, make it easier to take the beating I knew was coming. And this isn't even the worst of it.

"If you don't come up with the money, this is going to be a lot worse," Trace says with another kick to my gut, knocking the wind out of me. "I mean it, Tristan. Tell me you get it, or else I'm going to have to keep beating your dumb ass."

"I get it," I croak, rolling onto my back as blood fills my mouth. I don't focus on him, but the sky, and it makes it easier to pretend I'm somewhere else. But then his face moves into my line of vision and reality creeps back in.

"You only have a few days left to get me the money you owe." He leans over me, massaging his raw knuckles that are coated with my blood. "And if I were you, I'd try to clean up your act. You make a shitty druggie, Tristan."

"I make a shitty everything," I mutter.

He shakes his head before walking away.

As fear surfaces, I realize the meth I did earlier is wearing off. I start to feel. And I hate feeling.

It takes me forever to get up, and when I do, my legs ache so badly I can scarcely walk. Luckily, I'm close to the apartment that I live in and eventually make it there. I should go up to my place and clean up my act like Trace said, but I am a druggie, and I think with my addiction. It guides me to the bottom floor, to a door where I know I can get a hit.

Cami opens the door after two knocks, looking high as a kite, just how I want to look right now, every day, every second, for the rest of my life.

"I knew you'd take me up on my offer," she says, not commenting on the fact that I'm bleeding from my mouth and chin.

She's wearing only a bra and shorts, her skin hanging loosely on her boney body. I'm not attracted to her at all, but then again, I haven't been attracted to any of the women I've slept with. The only one I want is out of my league. Nova. Good, sweet Nova, who never wanted me back.

"I need it first, though," I say, cringing at what I'm about to do. Cami is a crack whore and sells her body for drugs. I've never judged her. I get that sometimes you have to do shameful things to feed the monster living inside you. And now I'm going to fuck Cami, all so I can get a taste of what my mind thinks it needs.

No, I need it.

I really do.

She moves back from the doorway and lets me inside her small apartment that's littered with garbage, pipes, and a few boxes. I stumble to the tattered sofa and anxiously wait as Cami kneels down in front of me, holding a mirror dotted with white powder. When she hands it to me along with a hollow pen, my nose drinks the toxic crystals up.

Suddenly, I feel nothing. No pain. No worry. No shame that I'm here. It makes it easier when she kisses me and then takes off my clothes because I've done this before and it doesn't really matter. As long as I'm high, nothing matters.

Because I don't really care.

About anything anymore.

Even being invisible.

Present Day...

Chapter 29

What, oh what, have I gotten myself into?

Avery

"Happy birthday to you. Happy birthday to you. Happy birthday, dear Mommy, Avery, coolest person ever. Happy birthday to you." Jax and Mason wake me up with a serenade.

After they sing me the birthday song, I sit up in bed and get comfortable. Then Jax presents a tray with bacon, eggs, and toast, setting it on my lap while Mason plants a tiara on my head.

"For your special day," Mason says excitedly. He's cleaned up and dressed, ready to do whatever the two of them have planned for my birthday "And you get to wear it all day."

"Yay!" I clap my hands, excited that he's excited.

Jax giggles like a mean schoolgirl under his breath. When Mason turns around, I flip him the middle finger.

"Oh, my God, you look so adorable," Jax says in a mocking cheerleader voice.

I lean over in the bed and shove him. "Just you wait. I'm going to encourage him to have you wear it on your birthday."

"Good thing I can pull off the princess look," he says with a grin as he ruffles his brown hair into place.

"Whatever." I pick up the fork from the tray. "Thanks for breakfast, though."

"You deserve it," he says easily. "And there's more planned for the day."

"Like what?"

"It's a surprise, so eat up and get dressed."

As he leaves the room, I dive into my breakfast, enjoying my food and the quiet until my phone starts ringing. Then the quietness fills with noise of fires and yelling and shouting.

Even though I think I know who the call is from, I check the screen anyway. And, yep, I'm right-the unknown number. Instead of putting the phone down, I decide to dial the number back, just to see.

It rings three times then someone answers.

"Hello," a woman answers.

"Who is this?" I ask, setting the tray aside on the nightstand.

"Avery," she whispers. "Oh, my God, is that really you?"

"Um... yeah..." What the hell? "Tell me who this is."

"It's... Taylor."

"Who?"

She sighs. "Dammit, I was hoping he told you about me. Now this is just going to be really awkward."

I lean forward in the bed. "Is this Conner's girlfriend? Because, if it is, I don't want to talk to you or him."

She pauses. "Who's Conner?"

Confusion swirls through my mind. "Okay, you have five seconds to explain to me who you are, or I'm hanging up."

"I'm Taylor," she repeats with a weighted exhale. "You're... um... half-sister... God, I had this planned out so much better. It would have been so much better if I could have finally gone through with my call and told you."

My fingers on the phone tighten and my stomach burns. "Come again? You're my... what?"

"My name is Taylor Hensley," she says with uneasiness. "Your father was... well, my father."

"What do you mean was?" I ask, struggling to stay calm. She's my half-sister? God, I never saw this one coming. "Did he ditch you too?"

"No. He, um, died about six months ago," she says quietly. "On his death bed, he told me about you and how sorry he was that he never really got to know you. And I... Well, I wanted to maybe get to know you for him. I've been super nervous over calling you, though, which is why I kept hanging up. I was worried you wouldn't... react well."

"React well?" Anger blazes through me like an untamed fire. "Did he tell you why he didn't get to know me?"

Her breathing quickens. "He mentioned something about not being able to get along with your mother. That she had problems."

"Yeah, and then he left me with her and all her problems," I snap in outrage. How dare he talk about me to his other daughter! How dare she call me! How dare he die without seeing me again!

"I'm so sorry," she sputters. I can hear the sound of her tears. "I never should have called you. It was so wrong of me... God..."

Click.

She hangs up, leaving me stunned. "Fuck." This is the last thing I expected or needed. Some long-lost half-sister wanting to get to know me because her-our-father died, and it was his death wish or whatever. A father who abandoned me and never cared enough to even mention I existed until he died. Fuck him. Fuck her. Fuck, just fuck.

Heaving mad, I turn down the volume on the phone and chuck it onto the floor. "I'm not going to let this ruin my birthday," I mutter to myself, trying to breathe, to calm down. "Let it go."

After about five minutes and some serious deep breaths, I return to my breakfast and force my thoughts to something else that will detour me from the call. Something happy. Something that makes me smile...

Tristan and that kiss. I spent half the night after I got home staring up at the stars, mapping the night sky, begging for a sign of how badly I'd screwed up. That kissing Tristan isn't how I'm supposed to be helping him, that the kiss was wrong. But all I could think about was how safe I'd felt and how I wished I could always feel that safe. Like now, after that call.

"God, I'm getting into such a mess," I mumble as I finish off my toast. "He doesn't even know you have a kid for Christ's sake. And he would probably bail out if he knew. Plus, you're making wishes again, Avery. Not smart at all."

I wolf down the rest of my breakfast then take a shower. I apply a little bit of makeup and put on the one dress I own-a short, flowery one with thin straps-because it's my birthday and an excuse to look nice once a year. I leave my hair down in waves, shutting my eyes for a moment to brush my fingers through the strands, savoring the long length. Then I put the tiara back on my head and leave the bedroom with the empty plate and tray.

When I enter the kitchen, Mason and Jax are playing a board game at the table, dice, pieces, and cards in front of them. For an instant, I consider mentioning the phone call to Jax but decide against it, not wanting to burden him with my life problems. And, honestly, I don't really feel like talking about it yet. Besides, Jax doesn't know who his father is, so the last thing he needs is for me to rub in his face that I do, even if mine's dead.

Oh, my God, he's dead.

"You look so pretty, Mama," Mason says as he turns around in his chair.

I plaster a smile on for him. "Thanks, baby." I kiss his cheek then put the dishes in the sink and sit down in a chair. "So, is this my big birthday present? Do we get to sit around all day and play board games?"

Jax and Mason exchange a secret look, and then they both shake their heads. "Nope, this isn't it," Jax says, scooting back from the table and standing up. He grabs a plaid shirt hanging on the back of the chair and slips it over his red T-shirt. "You can't have your present until after the day is over."

I fake a frown. "So what are we doing all day?"

Mason claps his hands as he springs from his chair and bounces up and down. "It's cake time!"

"Yes! A cake!" I jump from my chair, genuinely excited over frosting. If anything can cheer me up, it's sugar. "Where are we going to get it?"

"Philman's." Jax grabs the car keys from the hook beside the back door. "They have the best cakes. And we can buy stuff for your dinner there too."

"Can I have anything I want?" I ask as I pick up my purse from the counter and start for the front door.

"Of course," Jax says, but he pauses in the entryway, allowing Mason to run out the door. Then he turns to me. "Is everything okay?"

I nod as I slide the handle of my purse over my shoulder. "Yeah, why wouldn't it be?"

"Because I heard you crying last night," he says. "And it seems like you're upset today. More than usual."

"I'm fine," I lie. "Just a little tired."

"Are you worried about bills? Because I can help with that. Avery, you need to start letting me help with stuff more."

"No, it's not bills," I say, being painfully reminded of the credit card debt. "It's just... stuff. And I don't want you helping with money. That's my problem."

"Avery-"

"Conner showed up at work last night." I figure that's the best route to go, staying away from the dad situation.

"What! Are you serious?"

"Shh..." I point outside to where Mason is twirling around on the front lawn. "Don't let him hear you."

"Sorry." He lowers his voice. "But he seriously showed up at your work? God, he's so fucking stupid."

I nod and then, even though I don't want to, I give him a brief rundown of what happened. After I'm finished, he's silent for what feels like an eternity before he speaks again.

"We really need to get him in jail again," he says with a frazzled sigh and I instantly regret telling him. "Things were so much more peaceful then."

"I'm trying to make that happen. I call the police every time he shows up, but he always bails out." I fold my arms around my stomach as the scars begin to smolder. "And besides, you know as well as I do that, unless he does something really bad, they won't do anything."

"I'm not going to let him hurt you just so he can go back to jail." Jax steps out the door and into the warm sunshine. "And you know what? I like this Tristan guy."

"You don't even know him," I point out as I follow him out and close the door behind me, "so how can you like him?"

Jax finds the house key on the chain and locks the door. "Because he made you feel safe, Avery. And I'm pretty sure no one has ever done that for you, even me."

"Conner did once," I mutter as Mason races up to the Jeep and throws the door open. "But that's because I was stupid."

"You weren't stupid," he says as we head down the sidewalk for the driveway. Even though it's nearing the end of September, blossoming crimson and violet flowers border the pathway, making the yard beautiful. I wish it could look that way forever, but I know that the petals will eventually wilt and fade as the seasons change, and life will change with it. "You just wanted to get out. We both wanted that."

Jax is right. Dreamer or not, a part of me was searching for freedom from The Subs when I first went out with Conner. I'm not looking for that in Tristan, though. I'm honestly not even sure what I'm looking for in him other than to help him. And I really enjoy spending time with him.

Whether that's wrong or right, only the stars really know. And I'm not about to die to find out the answers, so I guess I'm left to discover it on my own.

***

Philman's is a grocery store in the same town where the Habitat for Humanity house is being built. They have the best cakes that have ever existed in the whole wide world.

Forty-five minutes later, we're wandering up and down the aisles of the store. My cake was supposed to be ready by noon, but the baker is running behind schedule, so we gather some stuff for my birthday dinner while we wait.

"I want kabobs with my corn," I announce when I spot a bag of skewers on a shelf. "With potatoes and chicken and tomatoes on it."

"You're super demanding," Jax tells me then shoots a grin in my direction, letting me know he's teasing. He chucks a bag of skewers into the cart. "Kabobs it is."

Mason and I high five then Jax steers the cart toward the vegetable section so we can get my vegetable requests. That particular section of the store is right by the deli, which really doesn't matter except for today. Because today, there are people standing at that deli.

At first, I think I'm imagining them, but when I realize I'm not, I feel stupid for thinking I could come to this town without running into Nova, Quinton, and Tristan.

"Shit," I curse under my breath as I duck behind the cart of tomatoes like a coward.

Jax gapes down at me like I've lost my mind. "What the hell are you doing?" he asks with a tomato in his hand.

"Hiding," I hiss, gripping onto the edge of the tomato cart

"I know that." His gaze scans the store while Mason messes around with a basket of tomatoes beside my head. "But from who?"

"People."

"Avery."

"Ugh." I lift my hand without standing up and point toward where I'm pretty sure the deli is. "Tristan is over there."

"And?" he asks in confusion while examining the tomato he's holding, acting like this isn't a big deal.

But it is. A super huge deal. Because I'm here with my family that none of them know about.

"I don't want to see him after last night," I lie, feeling like an ass.

"Why not?"

"Because it's embarrassing."

"Yeah, for Conner, not you." He reaches down with his free hand and pulls me to my feet. "You don't need to hide, Avery. You did nothing wrong." When I open my mouth to protest, he adds, "You have to listen to me. I'm super wise."

"Says the man fondling the tomato," I retort, refusing to look over at the deli. Maybe, just maybe, they'll walk away without noticing me.

He shakes his head as he grabs a plastic bag to put the tomato in. "You're supposed to do this to see if they're ripe." He sniffs the tomato and then drops it into the bag.

Mason mimics Jax, leaning in to smell a tomato, and then he chucks it into the bag. "I think Jax is right," he says. "It does smell ripe."

Jax smirks at me. "See, I'm right."

"You two are such dorks." I select a large tomato and sniff it. "All I smell is dirt."

Jax opens his mouth to say something, and by the humor in his expression, I bet it's another snotty remark, but something I knew was coming interrupts him.

"Avery, what are you doing here?" Nova asks as she winds around the lettuce section toward us. She's alone, which is good. Maybe, if I'm lucky, Quinton and Tristan won't come over.

Says the stupid dreamer side of me.

I seriously think about chucking the tomato at her and running out of the store. Instead, I put the tomato in the bag and plaster on my best smile. "Shopping for food," I tell her casually as I pretend to have a deep fascination with the cucumbers to the right of me.

"It's her birthday," Jax chimes in as Nova reaches us. She has a deli bag in her hand, and the air suddenly smells like chicken. "We're just killing time until her cake is done."

"Oh, right. I forgot it was your birthday," Nova says cheerfully. "Happy birthday, Avery."

"Thanks." I pick up a cucumber and turn it in my hand. I feel like a liar and don't like myself very much at the moment, but I can't bring myself to explain who Jax and Mason are.

Jax has other ideas, though. "Avery"-he clears his throat-"maybe you should introduce us."

I grip the cucumber before tossing it into the basket, and then I face Nova. "This is..." I trail off when I spot Quinton and Tristan walking in our direction. Their eyes are on me in all my birthday tiara glory. I consider removing the crown from my head, but then I'd be pretending to be someone I'm not, and I've already done a lot of that lately.

I hold my breath as I wait for them to reach us, noting how pissed off Tristan looks. Albeit, he still looks sexy. He's wearing a pinstriped shirt over a fitted T-shirt, loose jeans, his face is freshly shaven, and his hair styled in a messily perfect way. My thoughts drift to how amazing it would feel to rip off his shirt and sketch the lines of his carved muscles and colorful ink... lick his abs... kiss his flesh... then his lips... his jaw while my hand slips down to his...

I blink out of my lust-induced dazed. What, oh what, have I gotten myself into?

Quinton is saying something to Tristan in a low tone as they veer around the carts of vegetables, but Tristan isn't looking at Quinton, only me.

He looks so mad.

"Hey, look who I found," Nova says to them when they arrive in front of us. They have deli bags in their hands, too, so I'm guessing they came here for lunch. "Avery is here, picking up her birthday cake."

"Oh, yeah, happy birthday." Quinton tensely massages the back of his neck.

Something is off.

"Yeah." I adjust the crown on my head, unable to bring myself to glance in Tristan's direction and endure his withering death stare that I can feel burning into the side of my head. "Happy twenty-three to me."

Nova's smile is strained. She glances at the tiara on my head before her eyes land on Jax and her brows furrow.

Jax jabs me in the side with his elbow. "Avery, you should probably tell them who I am," he whispers with another prod to my side.

"Oh. Yeah. Right." I shake my head to clear my head. Then I gesture at Jax. "Everyone, this is my brother, Jax."

The sound of breaths easing from everyone's lips is painfully deafening. It takes a second and the sight of relief washing over Tristan's face for me to realize what's going on and why everyone seemed so uneasy just moments ago.

"Wait a minute," I say with an off-pitch laugh. "Did you guys think he was my boyfriend or something?"

Nova nervously laughs. "No way." But then she sighs. "Well, kind of. It's just that you two were standing here, buying food, and I don't know, we kind of jumped to conclusions. We're really sorry."

"No worries." I wave her apology off because it wasn't her fault, but mine, for keeping my family a secret from them. Then I realize I have one more introduction to make-one that will be a lot harder than Jax.

Before I can get to it, though, Tristan sticks out his hand to Jax. "It's nice to meet you, man. I'm Tristan."

Jax's brows elevate. "Aw, Tristan. Yeah, I've heard a lot about you."

I stomp on Jax's foot then smile maliciously when he winces. "Don't be an asshole."

"Hey, I'm only being one to you," Jax states, moving the cart out of the way as a woman tries to squeeze by us. "Chill out, Avery."

He's right. I do need to chill out. While Nova and Quinton introduce themselves, I look down at Mason who has knocked about ten tomatoes on the floor as he struggles to grab some from the top of the cart. I'm not even worried about myself in this situation, but him. It's always about him. Bringing new people into our life is something I haven't really done before, and I'm not sure if I'm ready for that yet and if he is. I've had my rules for a reason along with the walls I've put up-to keep out the world and keep my family safe. But now the walls are starting to crack, and I don't even know how it happened.

Nova must notice I'm looking at Mason because she leans down in his direction. "And who's this handsome guy?"

Mason smiles up at her with a tomato in his hand. "You're pretty."

"Smooth, kiddo, real smooth," Jax says approvingly while I shake my head.

"I'm Mason." He sticks out his hand to Nova, apparently more ready to meet the people in my life than I am.

"Well, hi, Mason. I'm Nova." She shakes his hand, glancing in my direction, waiting for me to explain who Mason is.

"That's a cool name." Mason's grin grows bigger on his little face, then he races up to me, jumps into my arms, and I hold him close. "Mommy, can she come to your birthday party?"

I don't look at any of them, ashamed that I haven't mentioned Mason or Jax before. Ashamed because, while part of me was trying to protect my family, there was a tiny part of me that was doing it for selfish reasons.

"I'm not sure, sweetie," I say, giving Mason the fakest grin I ever have. "She might be busy."

"I'm not-none of us are really." Nova smiles at me while casting a glance in Tristan's direction. "In fact, we're kind of super bored right now and were looking for something to do besides wander around town, filming buildings and locals."

"You guys should totally come over, then," Jax intervenes. "We're having kabobs per the birthday girl's request."

"We're down if you're okay with it, Avery," Quinton says with a discreet glance at Tristan.

I finally dare to look over at Tristan. His expression is neutral, but I can tell he's confused by the little boy I'm holding in my arms. Confused that him and I have chatted about a lot of things for weeks now, yet I never mentioned I had a son. I don't blame him for being confused. In fact, he can be angry at me. I'll understand. I just hope he doesn't stay mad at me forever.

Understanding right then and there that Tristan is important enough that I don't want him out of my life just yet, I return my attention to Nova and do something I never thought I'd do.

"The more the merrier," I tell her. "You guys should totally come over."

And just like that, my wall crumbles and collapses.

Chapter 30

Maybe I can sweat it out.

Tristan

She has a son. She's had a son this entire time. She's had a son this entire time and never said anything to me.

"I'm sure she had her reasons for not telling you," Nova says as if she's read my silence.

We're in the car with the windows rolled down, the salty, muggy air filling up the cab as we drive back to the motel. In a couple of hours, we're supposed to head over to Avery's, and quite honestly, I'm terrified. Because she has a son.

The morning had already started out iffy when I'd tried to call my dad to talk to him about the Dylan thing, and he sent me to voicemail after two rings. I'll admit it, I was hurt. Then I saw Avery at the store with a guy I thought was her boyfriend or something. Then I learned it was her brother, and that she has a son.

Holy shit. I have no clue what to do with this information.

"Honestly, I'm not really surprised," Nova continues on as she flips the visor down to block the glare of the sun. "I mean, that she has a kid."

"How the hell aren't you surprised?" I gape at her from the backseat, flabbergasted. "She's had a kid this entire time and never said anything about it."

"Yeah, but there had to be a reason why we built that house for her," she says, cranking down the volume of the stereo. "And there were a few times I wondered if maybe it's because she has her own family."

"Well, she should have said something." I slump back against the hot leather seat and cross my arms. "I told her a lot of personal shit... and it makes me feel..."

"What?" Nova presses. "Because I'm dying to know what's going on with you two."

"I don't know what I feel." Which is kind of the truth. I feel so many things it's difficult to decipher them all. Confusion. Hurt. Upset. Angry. Worthless, as if I wasn't good enough for Avery to trust me with her private life. Then again, ex-druggie doesn't really scream trust worthy.

Always the same.

Never going anywhere.

I wish I could be different.

Better.

I thought I was.

"I don't necessarily agree with you two." Quinton is the one to speak this time, and it's a strangely rare occurrence, so it throws Nova and I off. Both our heads whip in his direction and he shrugs. "I mean, there's just some things you can't tell people sometimes, at least not in the beginning. And I'm sure Avery was just trying to protect her son until she got to know you enough to trust you. So you should be glad she invited you over today because it probably means she trusts you."

Nova and I exchange a baffled glance in the rearview mirror.

"That's very insightful," she tells Quinton while tapping the brakes as she flips on the blinker to turn off the highway and into the motel parking lot. "If I didn't know any better, I'd guess you had a son."

Quinton shakes his head as he gazes out the side window at the trees and shrubbery bordering the road. "No, but back in the day, I was close with one of my aunts who was a single parent. She would always talk about how she'd never let the guys in her life know about her kid because she was worried they'd turn out bad or the relationship would end ugly and her daughter's heart would get broken."

It grows quiet as I let his words of wisdom sink in. He's probably right. I have no right to be upset with Avery over this. But it's still a lot to take in, confusing, mind-boggling. I'm not sure if I'm even good with kids or if I want to be, never really thought much about it. So what does that mean? That I should walk away?

But I don't want to walk away.

I want her.

More than I've wanted anyone before.

I can't give her up.

Give up what she's given me.

"You know, I think that's the most sentences you've ever said in a row," I tell Quinton. Nova chokes on a laugh as she aligns the car with the front of our room and shuts off the engine.

"Ha, ha, you two fuckers are a riot," he says, but he's grinning as he hops out of the car.

Nova removes the keys from the ignition and opens the door. "You are going to go to her little party thing, right? Because I think I might not like you very much if you blow her off because she has a kid."

"Wow, way to put it out there just how important I am to you." I reach around the side of the seat to lift the lever.

"You are important," Nova promises, meeting my gaze from over the roof of the car as she gets out. "But you're important because you're a nice guy, and if you blow off Avery because she's a mom, then you're not a nice guy anymore." She shuts the door then starts around the car, swinging the grocery bag in her hand. "I'm not saying you have to date her or be her boyfriend. If you're not up for the whole kid thing, then you're not, but don't just leave her hanging. And you can still be her friend. It's what she wanted anyway, right?" With those final substantial words, she goes inside with Quinton, leaving me standing in the blaring heat by myself.

The land encompassing the motel is bare, the neighbors nowhere to be seen, but the door five spaces down from ours is a painful reminder of how unready I am for all of this, especially when the curtain draws back and Zedd peeks out the window. His eyes find me, and he crookedly grins as he draws a line across his neck with his finger.

Shaking my head, I inch closer to the door where I don't have to look at him. I feel disappointed; not only in myself, but because of who I am. I wish I could be a better person, one who doesn't have to stand around and question this-question what kind of person they are. One who doesn't have a twisted past that still haunts him. If I was that kind of person, I wouldn't be here. I'd be at Avery's, talking, listening to her life, joking around with her, all of my favorite things.

"How can I do this when I can't even take care of myself without someone helping me?" I mutter, turning to go inside.

When I enter the room, Nova and Quinton are laying out the food we bought at the deli. The room smells like barbeque sauce and cigarettes.

"Feeling better?" Nova asks as she sets three paper plates onto the table.

"No." I unzip my duffel bag to get my running clothes out.

She opens a box of chicken and steam swirls out into the air. "Well, what can I do to help?"

Quinton chuckles under his breath. "Always wanting to help. You're too sweet, Nova Reed."

"Whatever. So are you." She sticks her tongue out at him then looks expectantly at me.

I don't know what to say to her, what will make me feel better.

"I just need to know I can do this," I say lamely.

"Do what?" she asks, nibbling on the end of a chicken strip.

I shrug. "Be the kind of person that can handle all of this and be good at it."

"Only you know the answer to that," She places the chicken strip down on a plate. "But if you want my opinion, you're a way better person than you used to be, and I think if you want to handle it, you can."

"You're a good person," Quinton chimes as he peels off the top from a condiment of barbeque sauce and plops down in a chair. "The day on the roof proved that."

The three of us grow quiet. I'm sure we're all thinking about that life-changing day on the roof that feels ages ago.

"I need to clear my head," I mumble, going into the bathroom to change into my running clothes, hoping that maybe I can run this out and figure out what to do.

Right and wrong.

Good and bad.

How can I tell the difference?

After I put on my sneakers, I hurry outside and jog down the road. The farther I get, the faster my legs carry me. Maybe I can sweat Avery out of my system. It'd be so much easier if I could. On the contrary, even when I'm breathless, soaking wet, and my lungs ache, I can't stop thinking about how much I want to be with her. I quickly realize it's going to take a lot more than running to forget about Avery.

But I'm not even sure that I want to.

Chapter 31

The best birthday ever.

Avery

"You're going to chop off your finger if you keep attacking the tomatoes like that," Jax advises me for the tenth time. "Seriously, Avery, you need to put the knife down."

We're in the kitchen, preparing to barbeque kabobs. It's nearing time for Nova, Quinton, and Tristan to show up, and I'm basically waiting around to get the text that'll say they're not coming. It wouldn't be the first time I got blown off for my birthday, and the fact that Tristan didn't say anything at the grocery store leads me to believe he's not coming. I shouldn't care-if I'd followed my own rules, I wouldn't care. But I broke every promise I made to myself that day after the fire, and now I'm in the exact same place I was two and a half years ago-caught up in a guy and allowing him to affect my emotions.

"Okay, give me the knife." Jax steps up beside me, pries my hand from the knife, then sets it down on the cutting board next to a demolished pile of chopped up tomatoes. "No more cooking for you."

"Give me something else to do, then," I beg as I wipe the tomato juice off my hands with a paper towel.

"No way." He shoos me away. "Not only is it your birthday, but you're a sucky cook. Besides, I hate help when it comes to food. I'm a one man show."

"But I need to do something," I complain as I back toward the kitchen sink. "Otherwise, I'll go crazy." I turn on the faucet to wash my hands then dry them off with a towel.

"You need to relax." Jax walks over to the cupboard below the sink to grab the trash bin. "They'll show up. I promise."

"Who said I was worried about that?"

"Me and these tomatoes." He nods his head at the mush of tomatoes on the cutting board. "You butchered your worry out on them." He peels off a paper towel from the roll and cleans up the mess off the counter and into the trash. Then he puts the trash away and returns to the bag of tomatoes and the knife. "I know you're nervous"-he selects a tomato-"but everything will be fine."

"Easy for you to say." I sink down onto one of the barstools around the island. "I wasn't ready to introduce Mason to them."

"You mean Tristan?" He peers over his shoulder with accusation. "You know we can handle you having your own life, right? I have my own." He stares out the window at the backyard where Mason is running around on the grass, kicking a ball. "Even Mason has his own life, in his own five-year-old way."

I rest my chin on my hand. "Since when do you have a life? I've never even seen you go out on dates."

"What do you think I do when I'm not here?" he asks, picking up the knife. "I go out on dates all the time and hang out with people at school. What do you think I was doing last Sunday when I left for the entire day? I just don't do it a lot, because I don't have time."

Because he's always helping me.

"You were out with a girl on Sunday?" I ask, elevating my head and my brows. "You should have said something. I wouldn't have bugged you to pick up milk and stuff." I shake my head, upset. "Why didn't you say anything when you're always bugging me to be more open?"

"Because I knew you would react this way, and it's not a big deal. And neither is me being out on a date." He starts slicing the tomato. "I'm eighteen years old. I need to go out, or I'll get sexually frustrated like you are, but that doesn't mean I feel like I need to tell you about every date so you can flip out and think you're burdening me by letting me help you."

I snatch a nearby dishrag and chuck it at him. "First off, I know you should be going out. And second, if you're seeing someone, then I think I should meet her, even if it's just casual. It's my job as your sister to make sure she's good enough for you."

"When it gets serious, then you can meet her, but I don't want to bring anyone into our lives until I know she's a keeper."

"That's what I've been trying to do for years. But now people are coming in, just like that."

"Do me a favor. Give it a try and see how today goes. You might be surprised. I have my fingers crossed that this Tristan guy will sweep you off your feet, and you'll live happily ever after so I don't have to worry about you turning into an old shrew with fifteen cats."

"Happily ever afters don't exist." I push up from the stool. "And I wouldn't have cats. I'm a dog person."

I retreat from the kitchen to get my cigarettes from my bedroom. It's approaching five o'clock, which means, if they are coming, they will be pulling up soon. I decide to smoke while I make a trip to the mailbox, figuring multitasking means less time I'll spend overanalyzing my life.

I regret the trip, though, as I puff on my cigarette and sift through nothing except bills. Water. Power. My tuition is also due. Not that it's high because I qualify for grants, but a few hundred bucks equals a month dancing on the bar counter.

As I trudge back up the driveway, I frown at the envelopes in my hand. I really need to find a new, better job. Need to find Mason a daycare. Need to stop thinking about my dad and this Taylor girl who says she's my sister. Need. Need. Need. So many things.

Pausing when I reach the pavement of the walkway, I take a moment to peer up at the clouds. "What are you trying to tell me with all this?" I ask the sky, even though the stars aren't out. "With the bills. Conner. Taylor. Tristan... Is that why I ran into him today? Because I don't know how that's helping him. I'm a mess right now... The last thing he needs is a mess in his life." Silence is my only response. "You know, I really should stop seeking answers from you. I would have if you wouldn't have showed up when I died."

As someone clears their throat from nearby, I look back down from the sky. My neighbor, Mrs. Felish, is standing at the fence line, staring at me like I've lost my damn mind. And I probably have.

I give her a small smile and a wave, then she tensely waves back before scurrying into her house and probably locking the door.

Great. Now the neighbors think I'm crazy.

Maybe I am.

Sighing, I linger near the driveway while finishing off my cigarette, stuck in my own head. I eventually take out my phone and stare at the call log of the last phone number that called me. Taylor hasn't called me back, although why would she when I made it clear I don't want to talk to her?

A few seconds later, I hear the boom of a radio. I glance down the street to see a bright red Chevy Nova driving up the road. It's a rare enough car that I know who it belongs to. It pulls into my driveway and parks in front of the garage next to my Jeep. The music is cranked up, and Nova is belting out lyrics at the top of her lungs as she flails her arms around. From the passenger seat, Quinton is laughing at her. I can't see into the backseat, so I have no idea if Tristan is in there.

Just chill out. Everything will be okay. It's probably better if he doesn't show up.

The music silences and then Nova gets out of the car, enthusiastically waving. "Hey!" She raises a plastic bag that she's holding. "We brought snacks."

"Awesome." I point over my shoulder at the house as I drop the cigarette in a flowerpot near the garage. "You can take them inside, but I have to warn you that my brother is cooking, and he's super weird about people being in the kitchen with him."

Nova nods as she rounds the back of the Jeep and Quinton hurries up to her and takes her hand. I'm about to head in the house because it doesn't look like anyone else is getting out of the car, but mid-turn Tristan emerges from the passenger side. The sight of him makes me acutely aware that not only am I a liar to other people, but I lie to myself all the time. Because it is better that he showed up, no matter what I've been telling myself.

I want him here.

With me.

Want to let him in.

Inside the walls of my house.

Of me.

His gaze drifts across the lines of my home before his eyes automatically find me and trace the curves of my body. Then that lopsided grin forms as he makes his way up the sidewalk toward me.

"Hey." He's holding something in his hand, still wearing the same black T-shirt he had on at the store, but the over shirt is gone. Faded jeans ride low on his hips and a collection of leather bands is on his wrist. Even with the dark and punkish attire, his bright blue eyes, and blond hair scream sexy, pretty boy charmer.

"Hey." I wave at him, hyperaware that Nova and Quinton have scurried into the house and left us alone outside.

"So..." He stops in front of me then stuffs his hand into his pocket, seeming uncomfortable.

"So..." I say, equally as uncomfortable.

We trade a look, then we both sputter into laughter at the awkwardness.

"Wow, I think this is one of the most awkward greetings we've had." He scratches the back of his neck, glancing over at a little yapping dog in Mrs. Felish's yard.

"Sorry," I tell him, uncertain what I'm even apologizing for.

Apparently he's confused by the apology too, because when his blue eyes return to me, his forehead is creased with puzzlement. "Sorry for what?"

"For... not saying anything about Jax and Mason."

"No, it's okay." He frees a breath as he lowers his arm to his side. "I get why you didn't tell me."

My brows shoot up. "You do? Really?"

He hesitantly nods. "Yeah, thanks to a very long explanation from Quinton, of all people."

"Really?" I ask incredulously. "Quinton explained it to you?"

"I guess his aunt's a single mom," he explains, seeming stiff and tense. "And is super protective of letting people in."

"That's not really what I meant. I was just shocked Quinton talked to you because I'm pretty sure all I've ever heard him say is hi-he's so quiet."

"Yeah, but get a few Red Bulls in him, and he'll talk your head off like a school girl."

I giggle and somehow the noise breaks the tension and Tristan's shoulders loosen.

"I feel like you're telling all his secrets to me," I say, coiling a strand of my hair around my finger.

"I kind of am." He chuckles, but then shakes his head. "Enough about Quinton. This day is about you." He extends his arm and unfolds his fingers around an object. "Happy birthday, Avery."

I stare down at the candy necklace in his palm, oddly touched by the small gesture. "It's the prettiest necklace I've ever seen."

"I don't know about that, but it is made of sugar, and we both know how much you like that. I still can't believe you ate that entire box of cupcakes in a day and still look like you do." His gaze flows over the curve of my hips, lines of my waist, and the swells of my breasts, causing my body temperature to jolt up a notch.

"Hey, you ate some of my cupcakes, too," I say and when he grins, I realize just how dirty it sounded. "I didn't mean it like that."

"I know." With his free hand, he reaches toward me and moves my fingers away from my hair, making a jolt of heat blaze through my body. I swallow hard as he drops the candy necklace into the palm of my hand. Then he casually drapes an arm around my shoulder and pulls me against him. "But if you ever want me to eat your cupcakes, you can just say so. I'm totally down for it."

"You are such a dork." I sweep my hair to the side, slip the candy necklace over my head, and then we start up the stairs for the screen door.

I pause before we enter the house when I spot Mason inside, skipping around in the kitchen. "Hey, so I just want to make sure that you're okay with all of this." I gesture at the door. "Because, if you're not, I totally get it. I just need you to one hundred percent decide before we go in."

"I'm okay with it," he assures me with barely any hesitancy, which makes me question if he really thought about this and what it means.

"Are you sure?" I check again. "Because you seemed a little weird at the store, and I don't want you to feel at all pressured or uncertain. We can just keep our friendship to strictly work, like we originally planned."

"No, you originally planned that. I was trying to rack up enough brownie points so I could hang out with you like this," he throws out there bluntly. "And I was quiet at the store because you shocked the shit out of me. I had no idea... and I thought... Well, I don't know what I thought."

"But what do you think now?" I ask, anxiously chewing on the candy necklace. "Because it's really important. Not for me, but for..." I point over my shoulder through the screen where I know he can see Mason.

He stares at the screen, a small smile touching his lips when Mason belts out a few inappropriate lyrics to a song he shouldn't know.

I groan in disapproval. "I told Jax not to listen to that when he was in the car."

His lips quirk. "It's kind of funny."

"Easy for you to say. You're not the one who's going to get calls from the school when he drops the f-bomb."

Tristan laughs, but the hilarity vanishes when his gaze reunites with mine. "You asked me what I think now, right?" When I nod, a slow breath falters from his lips. Then, with a slow inhale, his expression shifts, and suddenly, he's backing me up against the wall just to the side of the screen door. "Are you sure? Because I need you to be sure before I answer you." He places a hand on each side of my head, trapping me between his arms, almost in desperation.

The intensity pouring off of him makes it difficult to breathe and even harder to look away from him. "Y-yeah, I'm sure," I stammer. I never, ever stammer, so I'm not sure what to make of it. As doubt etches his face, I try again. "Yes, please tell me what you think about all this because I really, really need to know."

He nods, marginally bending his elbows to move closer, and I nervously nibble some more on the candy necklace. "When I got home today," he begins, "I ran, which I've been doing a lot for the last four months, pretty much since the last time I did drugs. Usually, I run because I'm outrunning my addiction, but today, I was trying to outrun something else." Carrying my gaze, he pauses, and I think I understand what he means-me. "But instead of outrunning it, I ended up wanting it more, so I stopped running, and now I'm here with you."

"Is it because of what happened last night with Conner?" I have to ask, needing to fully understand his reason before we walk through that door. "Because I'm okay. I have Jax, so I'm not in this alone. I wouldn't think any less of you if you bailed out. My life is intense, and I'm sure you don't need that."

"You think I'm here because I feel guilty your ex-husband's a fucking douche?" he asks, confounded.

"I don't know what to think. I've never done this before..." I motion between the two of us. "Whatever this is."

"Well, I don't feel guilty. At all. I'm just worried that..." He trails off, deliberating. "Well, are you sure you want me around? Considering... my past."

"You mean your past that's like mine?" I point out. "Because that would be very hypocritical of me."

"Mine's not exactly like yours," he stresses. "I've done a lot of stuff I'm not proud of, that you don't even know about yet. But I want to tell you... when you're... I'm... if we're ever ready."

My fingers drift over the fabric of my dress, right over my stomach and the scars. "Doesn't everyone have a tainted past in a way?" When he frowns, I shake my head. "Look, I'll admit it. I was purposefully keeping my family from you and everyone else because I don't want them getting wrecked, either. I made a promise a long time ago that it would never happen, that I wouldn't let anyone into my life I didn't trust."

"But you're letting me in now?"

"Yeah... I guess I trust you." I shrug, gazing off over his shoulder, my nerves bubbling. "I think it was the kiss last night. It earned you like a hundred brownie points." When I look at him, he's full on grinning. "Don't get all smug. It wasn't just the kiss; it was also what you did for me when you kissed me... how safe you made me feel."

His smile fades. "I did what anyone would."

"No, you didn't. Trust me; I have a lot of memories that prove people would rather let someone get hurt than intervene."

Pity floods his eyes. "Avery-"

"I don't want you to feel sorry for me," I talk over him. "I just want you to understand that you being here is a big deal and means that I think you're a good person."

He stares deeply into my eyes then nods, indecision clearly evident in his features. "One day, I hope you'll tell me all your secrets, though."

I like the idea in theory, although in the end, I know it'll never happen. Not only because I can't even fathom telling him all the shitty stuff that happened to me and about my sins, but because in less than a month, he'll be leaving.

He'll be gone.

And I'll be alone.

Behind my walls.

Wrecked again.

"Now, enough sad talk." I shift to cheerful Avery because I need to be her right now, or I'm going to fall apart. "It's my birthday, and I want to have fun."

A mischievous grin spreads across his face. "I have a few ideas to make that happen." He dips his head and seals his lips to mine to bite on the candy necklace I've been chewing on.

My pulse accelerates as I mentally conjure up my own birthday happiness ideas. "Thief," I say breathlessly as he chomps on a piece of candy.

His breath dances across my cheeks as he pushes back from the wall. "Are you ready to take me inside now?"

I lower the necklace back around my neck. "If you're ready to go in."

"I am," he says as my fingers close around the metal door handle. "But I have to warn you that I haven't spent a lot of time with kids before, so I have no clue what I'm doing."

"You don't have to spend time with him." The screen door creaks as I open it. I'm unsure what to say or do. I mean, I'm letting him into my house for God's sakes. Into my home where my son and I have lived and been protected from the outside world, and I'm both terrified and excited.

"No, I want to." He follows me inside. And just like that, he's in my home. "He's a huge part of your life, right?"

"That he is," I say quietly as I watch Mason bounce around the kitchen, singing the inappropriate song and dancing around the table, putting on a show for Nova and Quinton. "If you really want to impress him, you can play soccer with him. Jax and I have zero sports ability, so we're useless."

"I'm not too great either, but I can do my best," he admits while looking at the collection of photos on my walls. Most are of Mason, but some I'm in, and Jax, too. A map of my new life, out in the open, for Tristan to see. I feel so vulnerable, like I'm standing in front of him, naked and bearing my scars.

He squints at one photo in particular of me at the beach, striking a cheesy pose. "You look adorable in this one."

"I look like a dork." I signal for him to go into the kitchen. I can't take the vulnerability any longer. "Now, come on. Let's get this show on the road."

***

Two hours later, the six of us are playing soccer outside in the backyard. Everyone is laughing, happy, bellies full of good food. Mason seems to adore everyone, including Tristan, who is a lot better with kids than I thought he'd be. All three of them are, really. Even though their time in my life will be brief, I learned through the experience that living a lonely life is unfulfilling.

And right now, I feel... full.

And guilty.

Worried.

Happy.

Confused.

Sad.

Between people being here for my birthday, the call from Taylor, and life in general, I'm verging on an emotional overload.

"So, not so bad, right?" Jax asks as he jogs up to me on the grass, panting from all the running around.

I shrug as I watch Tristan kick the ball to Mason who then punts it to Nova. "I think he might have a crush on Nova," I remark, amused when Mason winks at her. "Five years old, and he's already a flirt. God, I'm going to have my hands full when he becomes a teenager."

"You already do, don't you?" Jax asks as he glances at everyone. "But in a good way, right?"

"Yeah, I think so." I stare at Tristan as he runs around, celebrating with Mason over a point he scored. Then I straighten my shoulders and focus all of my attention on Jax because there's something I need to say. "I think you should stop watching Mason so much," I announce.

He winces like I've kicked him in the face. "What?"

"I don't mean that in a bad way," I hastily add. "I'm just starting to realize how much you probably need your own life."

"Avery, I'm happy to help out," he swears. "You're letting me live with you for crying out loud. It's the least I can do."

"And I'm fine with you helping out, but not so much. You need your own life, too."

"But you can't afford daycare," he presses. "You need me to help you."

"I'll figure something out." I smile optimistically, even though I'm uncertain how I'm going to back up my promise. However, I vowed to myself I'll find a way somehow. It's time.

Before he can argue anymore, I step away from him and toward the wooden deck decorated with cheap patio furniture. "I'm going to go set the ice cream out so it can thaw, and then we can have cake." I slip inside the house and wander over to the freezer, humming under my breath as I dig around for the three different ice cream flavors we picked up at the store. As I'm reaching for the cookie flavored one at the back, the back door slides open.

"I'm not going to argue with you, Jax," I say, elbow deep in freezer food. "Things are going to change whether you like it or not."

"That's really great, but I'm not Jax," Tristan says, causing me to jerk back and drop the two tubs of ice cream I had in my arms.

I whirl around then press back against the fridge when I note how little room Tristan has left between our bodies. "Sorry, I thought you were my brother."

"Yeah, I got that when you called me Jax." His cheeks are tinted pink from the sun, his blond hair unruffled, and he smells manly, like cologne and sweat. "You want me to pass along the message to him?"

Shaking my head, I bend down to scoop up the tub of ice cream. "No. I just thought he followed me to argue about something."

Tristan crouches down to pick up the tub by his feet. "About things changing?"

I nod then straighten my legs and stand up. "Yeah, I was lecturing him that I was going to make him watch Mason less." I set the ice cream down on the counter then shut the freezer door.

"That's an interesting lecture." He puts the tub of ice cream next to the one I just set down.

I shrug then hoist myself up onto the counter of the kitchen, slipping off my flip-flops and letting my legs dangle over the edge. "He watches him all the time, and he doesn't seem to mind. Yet he informed me today that he goes out on dates whenever he can, and it made me realize he doesn't have a lot of free time."

Tristan relaxes back against the fridge and studies me as he folds his arms. "Do you mind if I ask you why he lives with you? Is it for his help?"

I waver, determining what to tell him, then decide to go with the truth. "Remember how I told you my mom was a druggie? Well, I always felt bad after I got married and left Jax behind to live with her. The stuff she did... and the house... It was really bad. I finally came to my senses after I divorced Conner and got him out of there. But I still feel terrible that he had to live in such a shitty place... Some of the stuff we saw"-I shudder-"it was bad."

"I can imagine," Tristan says, swallowing hard. "I'm sure some of my old homes were equally as bad."

"Yeah, but you weren't a parent," I remind him then add, "And neither was my mom really, yet she kept having kids."

"How many brothers and sisters do you have?"

My insides wind into tight knots as I think about the call from Taylor this morning. "I have no idea. Jax was the last one born but occasionally when my mother would get really high she'd talk about other children she had before Jax and I... not sure what happened to them though. My guess is that they're with their fathers or were taken away."

"Avery, that's terrible." He looks horrified, cut deep, like I struck a nerve.

"Yeah it is, but at one point, I wasn't any better." I trace my finger over the letters inked on my collarbone. "I did a lot of stupid shit and almost followed in her footsteps."

"But you're fine now," he says, moving toward me.

"I do my best." I blow out a loud, cringe-worthy breath. "But enough about me. What about you?"

He stops just inches away from me. "What about me?"

"Any brothers or sisters?"

His skin pales. "I used to have a sister."

"Oh, my God, I'm so sorry," I say, feeling like an idiot. "I would have never brought it up if I'd known."

"It's okay," he reassures me. "She died in a car accident when I was seventeen." His gaze flicks to the window. "Quinton was actually driving."

"What?" I whisper in shock. Quinton was responsible for an accident that killed someone? "Quinton is your cousin, right? I think I remember Nova mentioning that the first time we met."

"Yeah. And the car accident was just that-an accident." His eyes lands back on me. "He was sober and everything, just in the wrong place at the wrong time."

"But you're friends now?"

"Yeah, we've been through some tough shit together."

"And you forgave him?" I'm baffled and completely intrigued by the idea-intrigued by Tristan.

"It was an accident," he states again with a modest shrug. "And what good would it have done for me to stay mad at him? Trust me, he paid his penance."

His words remind me of my own penance, something I'm not sure I've paid for yet, since I'm not sure I'm really helping anyone. What am I doing exactly?

"Jeez, you're like a good person." I eye him over, feeling as though I'm seeing him for the first time. "Most people wouldn't forgive like that."

"My parents didn't-still don't. And maybe that's why I did forgive him so easily, because I saw what their hatred did to them." He shakes his head then places his hands on the counter, one on each side of me near my hips. It's not a movement to get close to me, though, more to hold himself up. "My mom's practically lost her mind over it and hates me for forgiving him."

"I'm sure she doesn't hate you."

"Well, she doesn't like me."

"Neither does mine," I say sadly. "She wasn't a very good person."

"It's hard to believe the woman who brought you into the word could be a bad person." His lips quirk.

And just like that, the mood shifts. It happens so rapidly, as if we can't remain depressed for too long when we're around each other.

"Aw, and Pretty Boy is back." I grin at him.

"I guess you bring it out in me." When he smiles at me, I feel all squishy inside that I put the happiness on his face.

"Speaking of which..." He pushes back, and I frown at the distance between us. He rounds the counter, going to the sink and opening the cupboard below, then he crouches down to read the note scrawled on the wood.

"I used to fall asleep reading it," I admit. When he peers up at me in astonishment, I shyly add, "It reminds me of that night you stepped in when Conner tried to hit me." I hop off the counter and amble over to him. "I don't get to feel safe a lot."

He stares up at me in bewilderment. "So you thought about me a lot while I was gone for those three months?"

I nod, feeling anxious and jittery, though not in a negative manner. In fact, if anything, it makes me feel alive, like I'm finally breathing for the first time in years. "Did you think about me at all?"

He hesitates and then nods. "Every day... all the damn time."

We stare at each other, breathing ravenously. Then he slowly places a hand on each of my legs, his fingers splaying across my flesh just above my knees. As he stands up, his palms glide up my legs and all the way up my dress, slipping just under the hem and resting near my ass, the entire time his eyes never wavering from me.

It's been ages since I've allowed someone to touch me like this. The last time it happened, I forced my soul to die so I wouldn't have to feel what was happening to me. What I did.

This time, I feel it, though.

Good God, do I feel it.

A deep, throbbing heat coils up my legs and between my thighs. I bite down on my lip hard as I concentrate on breathing. I have to angle my head to look up into his hungry eyes and he looks down at me, urging me closer as he shuts his eyes, ready to kiss me. My lips part, ready for the kiss. Maybe more ready than I should be.

Then I hear Mason laughing from outside, and it reminds me of my life. I pull back, worried Mason will run inside and catch me kissing my "friend," which is who I told him Tristan is when I introduced him.

"Wait," I breathe out with confliction.

Tristan's eyelids lift open, self-doubt written all over his face as he withdraws his hands from beneath my dress.

I start to panic.

Get confused.

What to do?

Hide behind my walls again?

Go back to being lonely?

Before I can sink too deep into my worries, I lace my fingers through his and make a choice as I guide him across the kitchen, telling myself I can have one fucking day to enjoy myself. It's my birthday and I'm so tired.

Tired of fighting what I want.

"Not out here," I say in a raspy voice.

My heartbeat is erratic as I lead him down the hallway, figuring out where to go. The bedroom seems too intimate and the closet seems too weird. The only choice left is the bathroom, which isn't ideal but is better than the last option, which is to not go through with this.

I pull Tristan inside and kick the door behind us, relieved to see that the bathroom is somewhat cleaned up. "I don't want Mason seeing us kissing or anything... I don't think he's ready for that." I slump against the door, biting my lip when his gaze drifts to my heaving chest. "I'm not sure I'm ready for that, either."

His eyes trail up my neckline, to my lips, finally coming to rest on my eyes. Hunger burns in his expression. He grips the counter to the side of him, like he's afraid he's going to fall.

"Ready for what?" he asks huskily, causing my stomach to flutter.

"For anyone to see me kissing you," I admit, grasping the doorknob to hold myself up.

"Avery, if you don't want to do this, we don't have to. I know you have your rules, and I promised you I'd follow them."

"I know, but it's my birthday and I... I don't know. I just want to do what I want to do for once."

"And what exactly do you want?" His voice is low, deep, his gaze blazing with desire. "Because sometimes I get mixed signals from you."

He's right. I have told him countless times I just want to be friends. I'm sure it's confusing. I bite down on my lip even harder, still unsure what exactly I want, but I guess he takes it as a sign to attack me. And boy, oh, boy does he attack me. One minute, he's halfway across the bathroom near the sink, and the next thing I know, his lips are crushing mine.

And I don't care.

At all.

Because I feel safe.

So safe.

And wanted.

And holy hell, my body craves more.

Our tongues fervently tangle as he presses against me, devouring my mouth with his. There's hardly any room between our bodies, yet he grips at my thigh with his hand, bringing me closer, as if he can't stand the breath of space between us. His fingers start to slide up my dress again, and I arch my back, leaning into his touch, not running from it, even though part of me wants to flee.

"Fuck," he groans, biting my lip as he pulls away panting, but his hand stays put, climbing higher until his fingers graze my stomach. I tense, my breath staggering as I begin to panic.

Not there.

On my scars.

That bare my darkest secrets.

Sensing my panic, he moves his hand away, his fingers moving downward, past my hipbone to the edge of my panties.

Yes.

Oh, God, yes.

He can touch me there.

I can't believe how much my body wants this. I'm already panting, and he hasn't even technically done anything to me yet. He seems hesitant to go further, though, so I try to reassure him how much I want it-want him. Right now. In this moment.

"It's okay," I pant, my chest heaving ravenously, hot need pulsating through my veins. "Tristan, go..." I moan as he slips a finger deep inside me, and my knees give out.

He quickly slips his arm around my back to stop me from falling while he continues to feel me thoroughly with his other hand, driving my body into a frenzy. It's been so long, my body is famished, starving for more-for things I'm not sure my mind is ready for. I should stop him, but I can't. Don't want to. Instead, I relax back, my head banging against the door.

I let him hold me up as I climb higher and higher, about to crash over the edge and break apart. His lips come down hard on mine, scorching hot and needy, consuming to the point that I can't breathe.

But let him steal my breath.

Take what's left.

Break me apart.

Steal my heart.

Because I don't care.

About anything else.

Other than how amazing I feel.

Right now.

How amazing he's making me feel.

In this moment.

How amazing it is that I'm here.

With him.

I continue to fall blindly and willingly into his touches as he trails passionate kisses down my jawline. When he slips another finger inside me, my toes curl, and then I gasp as his mouth reaches the base of my throat, right over the scar that's barely noticeable to most. However, Tristan must have noticed it before because his lips pay extra attention to the old wound, as if he's kissing the memory away.

Unable to keep my knees from buckling, I slide my hands up his shirt and clutch onto his sides. His muscles constrict beneath my fingers, and the hardness only makes me come undone more. Right as I almost reach the top of the fall, he pulls his fingers out of me.

My eyes open and I gasp a protest. "What are you-?"

Without a word, he picks me up and carries me over to the counter. As I catch my breath, he spreads my legs open, and I wait eagerly for him to kiss me again. Instead, he drops to his knees and then...

Oh, my hell. What the hell is happening to me?

My head topples back against the mirror as he pulls my panties aside, and his lips brush the center of my thighs. My knees bend and my hips buck with the first swipe of his tongue. Every single inch of my body throbs. Begs. Screams for more. And he gives it to me, slow and sensual, deep and desperate. Every sweep of his tongue and gentle nip of his mouth causes the inside of me to tighten until I'm so wound up all I can do is let go.

And fall.

Fall.

Fall.

As I leave reality, going to that place I haven't been to in a long time, I don't feel like I'm falling into the unknown. I feel like I'm climbing somewhere, to a different place, one where I feel comfortable and safe, where I feel free. It's amazing how unafraid I am, even after all that's happened, even with all the scars, both visible and unseen.

By the time I return from the haze, Tristan has stood up and positioned himself between my legs. He watches me in wonder and with a bit of worry as I blink back to reality and sit up.

"Are you okay with this?" he asks, placing his hands on top of my knees and massaging my legs.

I nod, still breathless. "More than okay. Are you okay with this, though?"

He nods. "I just want to make sure that I didn't push you or anything." His usual cocky demeanor has cracked apart. A very vulnerable Tristan is standing in front of me now.

Wanting to reassure him that everything is fine, I loop my legs around his waist and tell him the truth. "Best birthday present ever." When I realize how much I mean what I say, something breaks apart.

I start to cry.

Lose it.

Fall apart.

"Oh, my God, Avery... I didn't..." He's horrified by reaction. "I thought you wanted that."

"I did want it. Trust me. That's not why I'm crying." Tears spill from my eyes as I sob, crying because, for the first time in over two years, I don't feel so lonely. Crying because of how much I enjoy Tristan and how afraid I am to lose the safe feeling he gives me. Crying over bills. Crying over Taylor. Crying because everything seems so wrong, yet right. Crying because the last time someone touched me like this, it nearly led me to my grave. And with each tear, some of the pressure releases, and I feel freer.

"Tell me what I can do," Tristan pleads as he watches my pain pour out of me.

"Hold me. Please, just hold me."

Without any hesitancy, his arms wrap around me, and he hugs me against his chest.

And I clutch on to him for dear life.

Chapter 32

I feel like an imposter.

Tristan

The way Avery let me touch her is almost impossible to wrap my head around, and then she cried in front of me in a way that seemed like she truly trusted me. Even almost a week later, it still blows my mind. But I still feel uncertain if our relationship is right-if I'm right for her-when she doesn't even know half the things I've done. I feel like a terrible person, like the old Tristan. I don't want to be him anymore. I fucking hate him, something I painfully become aware of when I receive a call from my mother early in the morning.

The sun hasn't even risen yet, so I think about not answering the call, but I need to talk to her to make sure she reported Dylan.

"Hello?" I answer as I roll over in bed and check the clock on the nightstand.

"Hey, son." It's my dad who answers, which is odd because he never calls me.

I sit up and turn the volume of the television down. Nova and Quinton aren't in their bed, but I hear the shower running, so I'm guessing they're in the bathroom.

"Why are you calling from mom's phone?"

"Because... Well, because I left mine at home, and I really need to talk to you. It's urgent."

"Okay." I reach over and flip the lamp on. "What's up?"

"It's... it's your mom." He struggles to speak as if he's on the verge of crying. "I had to... I had to check her into..."

"Into where?" I ask when he doesn't finish. I think I already know the answer, though.

"Into a... hospital..." He trails off, cursing under his breath. "God dammit, this is so bad, but I didn't know what else to do. She stopped eating and spent all of her time at Ryder's grave. Then she... Well she had a nervous breakdown, and I just think maybe some time... some therapy might help her."

"I'm so sorry, Dad." It's all I can think of to say. I feel bad for being the kind of son that can't comfort him. For being the kind of son who couldn't stand being around his mother enough to help. The kind of son who doesn't feel terribly upset his mother has been hospitalized.

What kind of sick person am I?

"Yeah, me too," my father murmurs, and then he starts to cry.

"It's going to be okay," I tell him, even though I'm not positive it is. I don't know what else to do or say when he's clearly losing it. It's not like when I'm trying to comfort Avery and all these uplifting words spill out. My past with Avery isn't twisted and ugly. "You'll get through this. And I'll come visit if you need me to." I cringe at the idea of going back home again.

"You would do that?" he asks in shock.

I sigh. "Well, I'm not as bad of a kid as I used to be. I do care about you guys." In my own way.

"We care about you too." It's probably the first nice thing he's said to me since I was twelve, and it causes a lump to swell in my throat. "Your mom... she's just been confused lately, but I'm hoping this will help her get to a more mentally stable place."

"Yeah... I hope so too." And I really do. Shitty parents or not, I don't want my mom to suffer.

Someone says something in the background, and then my father tells me, "I have to go. I'm still at the hospital filling out papers, but I wanted to let you know."

"Keep me updated." I start to say goodbye but then remember... "Wait, did Mom ever report that whole Dylan thing like I told her to do?"

"She didn't, but I did," he says. "And Dylan was arrested yesterday. They found him crashing in that trailer park you used to hang out at all the time. I'm not sure about the charges, but I know he's behind bars at the moment. Hopefully, he'll be there for a very long time, for that girl Delilah's sake. Such a sad story, isn't it? I actually ran into her mother the other day, and she looked wrecked."

"Yeah, it's..." I don't know what else to say. After seeing firsthand what went down between Delilah and Dylan, part of me feels guilty about how it ended, even though I did try to stop the abuse. I think of Avery and how Conner is still torturing her, and it makes me want to protect her every second, every hour of every day. "I'm glad he was arrested."

"Yeah, me too," my father says. "Look, I have to go, but I'll call you tomorrow and give you more details about your mother's condition after I talk to the doctor."

"Thanks," I say and then hang up, feeling lost and confused.

The confusion only increases throughout the day, and by the time I arrive at the worksite, I'm beyond unfocused, something Avery instantly notices.

"You seem out of it," she says while we're working to put sheetrock up inside the home. The walls and roof are now up and the windows are in, although the interior is being heavily worked on. The siding also needs to be put on along with the roof shingles, but it's coming along.

"I just have some stuff on my mind." I stick the end a screw into my mouth while pressing the base of another into the drill bit.

"Want to talk about it?" she asks, plucking some sheetrock debris out of her ponytail.

"I don't want to bring you down today." I touch the drill bit to the wall. "You looked so happy when you walked up."

"That's because I felt happy this morning." She bends down to tie her shoelace when I turn on the drill and press the screw into the sheetrock. "But I kind of owe you for the meltdown on my birthday," she continues when I shut off the drill.

"Avery, you don't owe me anything," I promise her as I set the drill on the floor and sit down on a turned over bucket.

She glances around for a seat, hesitating before plopping down on my lap. "Tell me what's bothering you, or I'm going to take away all of your brownie points." She looks puzzled on where to put her arms before she finally just loops them around my neck.

My body is tense underneath her. Things have remained friendly since her birthday, and I was under the impression the kissing and touching was a onetime thing. But, now she's here, sitting on my lap, and the scent of her is so intoxicating I can barely think.

"My dad called this morning... about my mother... being hospitalized."

Her eyes enlarge. "Oh, my God. Is she okay?"

"Yeah, she's not hurt or anything." I summon a deep breath, and before I can stop myself, words pour out of my mouth. I tell her about my mother and father and our rocky past. I tell her how much I let them down. I even find myself telling her about what my mother said to me the day Ryder died. Then I tell her about my mother's meltdown.

By the time I'm done, my chest feels less heavy, like I can finally breathe for the first time in years. If only I could take it one step further and tell her about the darkest part of my past-the things I did for drugs-then maybe I could feel completely weightless.

But I can't get that far.

I fear that Avery won't look at me the same.

Fear she won't look at me at all.

So I stay silent instead.

And Avery speaks first.

"I'm so sorry that happened to you, Tristan," she says after I finish. "Parents can be so... cruel."

"Yeah, they can," I agree then force a small smile. "You're a good mom, though. The way you are with Mason... he's lucky."

She frowns. "He's lucky now, but I've had my moments of fucking up. I worry, you know, that what happened between Conner and I is going to affect him later on in life. I wish I could have walked away from all of that sooner..."

"But the important part is that you did walk away," I say, thinking about Delilah. If only she could have walked away.

"And the important part is you haven't done drugs in over four months, so that bad Tristan you kept describing to me moments ago doesn't exist anymore. And if your parents can't see that, then fuck them." As Avery gets up from my lap, it leaves my body feeling chilly. I almost reach out to grab her and bring her back. "Now, come on. We need some cheering up."

"Where are we going?" I ask as she takes my hand and pulls me to my feet.

"I'm not sure," she says with a shrug. "But does it really matter?"

As I look into her eyes, I realize it doesn't. Nothing really does when I'm with her.

***

A half an hour later, we're eating take out on the side of the house in the shade. Clouds are rolling in, but a faint trickle of sunlight still drifts down on us and heats the air.

"You know, it's been pretty cool helping put this house up," Avery remarks, nibbling on a french fry as she stares at the side of the house. "It's kind of like watching the foundation for a new life get created."

"Yeah, I guess it kind of is," I agree with her insightfulness then take a bite of my burger.

"Does it ever get old?" She adjusts her shorts over the bottom of her ass cheeks before sitting down on the ground beside me. "Building houses, I mean?"

I stretch out my legs, admiring the view of her as I reach for my soda. "I never really found it too exciting in the beginning, but now it's kind of growing on me."

She rests back against the wall as she picks up another fry. "Well, I think it's very fulfilling. You get to get up every day to build something for someone who really needs it. Give them walls to protect them from the storms, the heat, the world. I just think it's so amazing, and trust me, the families who get the houses do too."

I get lost in the sound of her voice as my gaze traces her full lips and the diamond just above, the soft flutter of her eyelashes, the way her hair floats around her face in the breeze. "Well, when you put it that way, it sounds pretty amazing." You're pretty amazing.

"That's because it is amazing." She stuffs the fry into her mouth and then amusedly grins. "Just like you."

Unable to help myself, my hand strays to her leg and my fingers lightly brush across the faint freckles on her upper thigh. I faintly smile when she shivers. "You know, if you were a guy, you'd be the kind who uses cheesy pickup lines on women all the time."

"You mean I'd be you?" Her lips mockingly make an O, then she covers her mouth with her hand.

"Ha, ha." Shaking my head, I slide my hand up to her waist and haul her closer to me.

"Although, it wouldn't be that bad to be like you," she says. "You're one of the good guys."

Her compliment makes me uncomfortable, so I dodge around it. "Speaking of Conner, have you heard from him lately?"

Her features harden at the mention of his name. "No, not since that night at work."

"Good." I dither before I ask my next question. "What about Taylor?"

After Avery stopped crying on her birthday, she broke down and told me about her worries, one that included her half-sister Taylor who contacted her out of the blue. The fact that she's told me all these things makes me feel even worse since I should be telling Avery everything, not just the parts that will allow her to still like me.

"I still haven't decided what I want to do about her." Her mood deflates, and I feel like a dick for bringing it up. "I mean, I haven't seen or heard from my dad in eighteen years, and suddenly, his daughter is contacting me."

"Maybe she just wants to get to know you. That wouldn't be so bad, would it?"

"But I'm not so sure I want to get to know her, especially if my dad's had a relationship with her."

"Yeah, but having a sister could be a good thing."

Her frown deepens, and then her eyes pop wide as she slaps her hand over her mouth. "Oh, my God, I must sound so selfish right now after you've-"

"Lost my sister," I finish for her. "You can say it. I'm not going to break. And that's not what I was getting at. I was merely implying that maybe you should try to look past the father aspect and focus on the sister part."

She nods her head. "Yeah, you're right."

"Of course I am," I joke then sit up straighter when my phone vibrates from inside my pocket. It reminds me that there's something I wanted to give her today, so I set my burger aside. "Oh, I almost forgot. I have something for you. Or for Mason, anyway."

Her eyes light up like she just won the fucking lottery. "Really?"

The look makes me feel guilty because I don't deserve it. Still, I nod then retrieve the miniature toy car that's tucked in my pocket with my phone. "So, while I was there the other day, he made a point to tell me that one day he was going to be a famous race car driver."

"He's such a goof," she says, glowing with pride, the same thing she does every time anyone mentions her son. It shows her love for him, like a mother should have for their son. I like her that much more because of it. "He wants to be everything."

"Maybe he will be everything," I tell her, opening my hand. "I saw this car in the store and thought you could give it to him because it looks like the one he described as what he was going to drive."

She freezes then whispers, "Wow, you really did get him something."

"I said I did." I worry I've done something wrong, like crossed a boundary or something. "But you don't have to give it to him if you don't want to."

"No... I'm just..." She stares at the car with uncertainty. "I don't know what I am, but thank you." She plucks the car from my hand and faintly smiles before putting the toy into her pocket. "He's going to think you're the coolest person ever."

"That's because I am." I nudge her side with my elbow.

"You really are." She stares at me in a way that causes my pulse to quicken in both fear and desire.

Grabbing her by the hips, I drag her closer to me, needing her nearer, worried that at any moment she's going to discover my sins and leave me. "Come here."

Her lips quirk as I zero in on her mouth, and then she surrenders into my pull, our bodies colliding as our lips reunite. We haven't kissed since her birthday, and fuck, we need to start doing it more because it's fucking incredible. So full of want. Heat. Need. Life.

I feel completely alive for the first time in...

Well, forever.

As our kiss deepens, my fingers travel around to the back of her neck, to her tattoo she still has yet to let me see. The moment I brush the inked flesh, she shivers and shifts her neck away from my hand.

"Not yet," she whispers, then continues to explore my mouth, sucking on my bottom lip.

"When?" I ask, gasping for air, completely consumed by her as I tug at her hair, pleading for her to get closer even though our bodies are already melded together.

"I'm not sure," she breathes against my mouth. "Ask me later."

It's the first time she's said not yet, which means she's starting to consider letting me see the tattoo. She's starting to trust me more, and I grow even guiltier for still having secrets.

I want to tell her.

But I can't lose her.

"I'm not as amazing as you think," I whisper helplessly.

"Yes, you are." She swings her leg over me and straddles my lap.

My cock instantly goes hard as she grinds her hips against mine. I respond by gripping her waist and grinding back against her. At any moment, someone could walk around the house and see us, but I don't care.

About anything other than her.

This.

Us.

I just wish I deserved it.

She moans as I bite down on her lip, her head falling back as my hands cup her breasts from the outside of her shirt.

"You're an utterly amazing person who builds houses and makes me feel safe... who lets me cry in front of him... who gives Mason little toy cars... and who has the most amazing tongue ever..."

But I'm not who you think I am.

I wish I could say it aloud and that she'd be okay with it.

With me.

With my past.

But I can't bring myself to tell her, so instead I remain silent, pretending to be someone else, being an imposter.

***

Later that day, I'm back at the motel. It's late and I'm alone, feeling like shit. Avery is at work, and Nova and Quinton are out. Me, I have the night off. So I do some schoolwork then end up watching television and drown in my past sins until Nova walks into the room, looking bushed and bleary eyed, her shirt un-tucked and her shoelaces untied.

"Is everything okay?" I ask as she tosses the keys onto the table.

She nods as she flops down face first on the bed beside mine. "I'm just so tired... and I've been thinking... about Delilah... I just wish things wouldn't have ended that way for her. And sometimes I feel guilty."

I pick up the remote and turn the television off. "Yeah, me too." I sit up and swing my legs over the bed, planting my feet onto the carpet. "But why do you feel guilty?"

She turns her head to look at me. "Because I knew about Dylan and didn't help her. I tried to talk some sense into her a couple of times, but that's it."

"We all did that, Nova. And if anyone should feel guilty, it's me. I lived with her and heard the fighting every day."

"Yeah, but you had your own problems."

"Problems I brought on myself."

"Hey, I've been there, too." She pushes up to sit on the mattress with the comforter tangled around her. "Drugs are easy to sink into. It's the coming out part that's hard."

"Yes, it is," I mutter, glancing out the window. "It still feels like drugs control my life so much."

"Tristan, it's normal to crave them still. And what happened with the neighbor... We've all had slipups."

"I'm not talking about the neighbor," I mutter, looking back at her.

Her brows knit. "Then what are you talking about?"

I shrug, staring at the space of carpet in front of my feet. "Some of the stuff I did... it still haunts me."

"Do you want to talk about it? You used to talk to me about stuff all the time."

"I know." I lift my gaze to her. "But talking to you about it isn't going to solve the problem."

"Then what is?"

"Talking to Avery... because that's the real problem... telling her about some of the things I did."

Nova scoots to the edge of the bed. "You're not a bad person."

"You might not be saying that if you knew the truth," I say miserably. "If you knew some of the stuff I did."

She shakes her head. "You may think that, but trust me, Quinton told me a lot of bad stuff that happened while he was living on the streets. And, while I found a lot of it horrifying, I still wanted to be with him because I love him."

"But Avery and I aren't in love. We're just friends."

She rolls her eyes. "Whatever. Even if that's true, if she was a real friend, she wouldn't think less of you. And from what I know about her, I don't think she will. She has her own shit, too, you know."

"Yeah, I guess," I mutter, still unconvinced.

"I'm just giving you some things to think about." She gets up from the bed and pats my shoulder. "I think, when it all comes down to it, it's really up to you and how close to Avery you want to be. If you care for her and want to be with her, then tell her. If you don't, then don't worry about it. We'll be gone in a month anyway." She walks into the bathroom and shuts the door, leaving her final words to haunt me.

What do I want exactly? Such a small question with a broad answer. I want to be happy-I'm starting to see that now. I want to keep improving. Want to keep going forward instead of backward. Want to go forward with Avery.

I'm scared shitless as I open my phone and compose a text to her.

Me: We need to talk... There's something really important that I need to tell you.

Chapter 33

Maybe it's time to make up my own mind.

Avery

There was an exact moment when I stopped thinking about my past so much. I'm not exactly sure when it occurred or how it happened other than, one day, I realized my nightmares were less frequent. The thing is, I've always thought that, when I'd come back to life, I owed the stars for bringing me back, that I was supposed to help whoever cried out. For a month, I thought that person was Tristan, but now I'm not so sure anymore, because sometimes it feels like he's helping me as much as I'm helping him. I worry I'm doing everything wrong again, yet I can't seem to stop myself from falling for him.

It's been a week since my birthday, a week since that amazing birthday present happened. Tristan and I haven't taken things further, only sharing a few kisses and spending a lot of time laughing. With each smile, touch, exchange, I feel myself getting more lost in him. In us. And, while it's in no way like what I had with Conner, I fear I'll lose myself in someone again.

So I fight the battle.

Of falling too deeply.

But with each breath.

Kiss.

Touch.

I tumble farther.

Into the unknown.

Desperate to hold on.

Yet desperate to let go.

It's Sunday evening. In just an hour, I'll be heading to the beach for my "grownup birthday party" as Charissa put it. I'm nervous. Excited. A cluster fuck of emotions. The mom in me feels guilty for not only leaving Mason for the night, but for making Jax babysit. I did manage to get Mason a spot in daycare three times a week to give Jax a breather and go be an eighteen-year-old. It's going to kill me financially, but after a lot of deliberating, I've decided to ask Benny to start paying me for the accounting work, like Tristan suggested, at least until I get a new job. I have a couple of interviews lined up over the couple of weeks, but I'm nervous, because they're better than the other jobs I've had in the past. One is for a manager position at a restaurant and the other is for a secretary at a local dealership. I'm crossing my fingers that I'm good enough to be considered for the positions and double-crossing my fingers that I'll be able to handle a nine to five job. I figure it won't be any worse than my schedule now; the extra work hours can just replace the time I spend at the Habitat home, which will be finished up in a month.

"So when should I pick you up?" Tristan asks as he strolls over to the bar counter. Sundays are usually a happy medium between weekdays and weekends. Today there's a handful of the rowdier crew playing pool and a small group performing karaoke-just enough customers that the staff doesn't get bored, but also enough we don't have time to chat with each other too much. This is the first opportunity Tristan and I have gotten to converse, so I've yet to ask him what the hell was up with the random text he sent me last night.

"If you want, we can just leave from here," I say as I sweep the floor behind the counter. "I brought my stuff and everything. I just have to chat with Benny before we leave."

He props his elbows on the countertop and leans over to not-so-discreetly check out my ass. "About what?"

"About paying me for the accounting work from now on." I balance the broom against the wall and start stacking the clean cups up on top of each other.

"Good," he says straightforwardly. "You shouldn't be doing that shit for free."

"I know," I wholeheartedly agree. "I just hope he sees it that way."

"Well, if he doesn't, then you shouldn't do it anymore. In fact, I think you should tell him he not only has to pay you extra for the accounting work, but that you're not going to dance on the counter anymore."

"I have to do that." I grab a rag from a drawer below the beer tap. "I need the money... But I did apply for a couple of jobs recently that don't require shaking my ass. I have a few interviews over the next couple of weeks." When he grins, excited for me, I add, "Don't get too excited yet. I still have to get hired for one of them... and I'm a little doubtful that's going to happen."

"Avery, you're a smart girl. Too smart to be doing that shit. In fact, you should have already been working somewhere else, somewhere better, and I'm sure there's a ton of people that will want to hire you-a ton of people that will want you."

I'm no longer sure if he's talking about the job anymore.

My hair veils my face as I wipe the countertop down. "I've done some pretty dumb stuff in my life and working here doesn't even come close to the worst of it. And if I have to keep working at the bar, then I will. It's probably where I belong anyway."

He sighs. "Well, my money is that in a few weeks, you'll be putting all of this behind you." He glances at the clock on the wall behind me and then moves his arms away from the counter. "I brought my swim shorts with me, so whenever you're ready, we can go."

"Wait, what car are we driving?"

"I borrowed Nova's." He grins as he reaches over and tucks a strand of my hair behind my ear. "You didn't think I was going to let you drive on our first official date, did you?"

"We've been on dates," I protest. "A few of them."

He nibbles on his bottom lip, making me think about how amazing those lips are, how many times I've tasted them, how I want to taste them right now. "Hanging out at the motel and your house doesn't count. We're never alone. And as much as I love spending time with Nova and Quinton or Mason and Jax, we technically haven't done the alone thing yet."

"It counts in my book," I say flatly as I put out a few bowls of peanuts onto the countertop. "And I don't have much time for alone time."

"I know." He cups my cheek and gently smoothes his thumb over my cheekbone. "And I'm not saying you have to spend a bunch of time alone with me. I'm only saying I'm driving tonight. It'll give us time to talk."

"About the thing you texted me last night? Because that's been driving me crazy."

The concern in his expression makes my stomach churn. What could he possibly want to talk to me about that has him worried like that?

"I know and I'm sorry." His neck muscles work as he forces a lump down in his throat. "I just needed to text you so I would go through with it... So, please, will you let me drive us?"

I surrender, throwing my hands up in the air. "Fine, let me go back and talk to Benny real quick, and then we can hit the road. Charissa's been texting me like crazy, wondering when we're headed out there. She'll probably only stop when I say we're on our way."

"Okay, see you in a few," he offers me a tired smile before turning on his heels. But he spins back around and shovels a handful of peanuts from the bowl. "And, Avery, good luck." His lips tug to a smile then he stuffs the peanuts in his mouth.

"Thanks," I say with an uneven breath. "I'm going to need it."

Once he's out of the bar, I tell Tammy, the other bartender working today, that I'm getting ready to leave. Then I collect my purse, trudge upstairs, and rap on Benny's office door. I'm super nervous to the point where I worry I'm going to have to use my purse for a barf bag. Before I can empty my stomach, though, Benny calls me in.

I square my shoulders before I enter. "Hey," I greet him with a confident smile, even though I'm a bundle of nerves.

He peers up from the stack of folders and ruffled stack of papers in front of him, a smile curving at his lips. "Hey, Avery. I thought you were leaving for your birthday thing."

"I am." I grip the handle of my purse as I make my way past the metal filing cabinet and to the desk. "But I need to talk to you about something first."

"Of course." He scoots the folders aside and signals for me to have a seat, so I plop my ass down on the leather chair in front of his desk. "You can talk to me about anything."

"I hope that's true." I cough to clear my throat. "I'll just get straight to the point. I think I should start being paid for doing the extra accounting stuff and payroll I've been doing for the last couple of months."

Apparently, when he meant I could talk to him about anything, he meant anything but a raise, because his kind expression promptly turns unfriendly. "I don't think that's possible. The bar's really struggling."

"Well, considering I keep track of your profits, I know that's not true," I tell him, irked that he's flat out lying to me.

"Yeah, but I've got loans to pay off and a lot of debt, and a raise just isn't possible." He reclines in the chair and puts his hands behind his head. "Now, what you could do is dance a little bit more. That always brings in a lot of cash flow for me."

"I don't want to do that." My tone is clipped. "I don't even like doing it three times a week."

"And I find that strange. It didn't seem to bother you until recently, and it's got me wondering why. What's changed that you care so much about simply dancing on a counter? Or why you're suddenly up here asking for more money when you never have before?"

"Nothing's changed... I just feel like I should be paid for the work I do. And I've always hated dancing."

He lowers his hands and sits up in the chair. "You know what I think? I think that all of this might stem from a new guy in your life."

I give him a blank stare. "This isn't about Tristan. He doesn't even care what I do." It's a lie, but Benny doesn't know that.

"I doubt that," he replies, annoyed. "I've seen the way he looks at you."

"I don't want to have this conversation with you. I just came up here to ask if I could have a raise."

"Well, if that's all you want, then the answer is no," he says tersely. "I'm sorry. I really wish I could, but it's out of my hands right now. But perhaps in a few months or so."

"Okay, then." I rise from the chair, wanting to say more, put him in his place, but that would be risking mine and Tristan's jobs so, I keep my mouth zipped.

"Avery."

My muscles ravel into tight knots as I twist back around to face him. "Yes?"

As he stands from his chair and crosses the room in calculated strides, I suddenly feel like a cornered cat. Images of fire flash vividly through my mind.

"I know you're under a lot of stress over money and Conner being out of jail." He halts in front of me and gives my shoulder a squeeze. "I'm here for you. Whether it's to talk or not." He glances at my lips and then he dares a peek at my cleavage before his gaze skates back up to my face again. "I could help take care of you, you know. In fact, I'd love to."

I'm not sure what he's implying or how exactly he'll take care of me, but I don't give a shit. I just want to get out of this damn office so I can breathe again because the walls are closing in, melting away.

Everything was on fire, including me, and I deserved to burn.

"Thanks," I say, thankful my voice is steady. Then I reach behind my back and fumble for the doorknob. "I have to go. I have that party to go to."

He doesn't move away, so I have to squeeze past him to leave. Once I'm out the door, I practically sprint down the stairs, customers gawking at me as I run across the bar toward the front door. Outside, I hunch over and inhale the fresh evening air as tears gush from my eyes.

"God fucking dammit," I curse as I sniffle back the tears.

"Avery, what's wrong?" Tristan asks from somewhere close by.

I stiffen. I should have had my meltdown somewhere where he couldn't see me. "It's nothing." I hurry and rub the tears away with my hand then stand upright.

Tristan's walking across the parking lot, past the parked cars and trucks with his eyes tuned on me. He's changed into a grey T-shirt and black board shorts with a stripe down the side.

"What did he say to you?"

"It doesn't matter." I shake my shoulders out. Shake it off, Avery. Shake it off. "Let's just go to the party."

When he nears me, his gaze deliberately scrolls up my body as if he's checking for visible injuries. "Did he touch you?"

"What!" I cry. "God, no, it wasn't anything like that. I mean, he put a hand on my shoulder, but-"

"I'm going to punch him in the face," Tristan growls, scaring the bejesus out of me. Then he strides past me for the entrance door of The Vibe.

I catch his sleeve and haul him back to me. "Easy, Mr. Testosterone. You don't need to go start a fight so we can both lose our jobs."

"But he made you cry." He gapes at me like that explains his irrational need to punch our boss in the face.

"He's not the first guy to do that, Tristan," I sadly remind him. "And I hate fighting whether it's called for or not."

His hot-blooded gaze simmers down. "I know... but... I just don't want anyone to hurt you. Ever. You've already been hurt enough."

His words strike my heart.

Split it apart.

And my soul ruptures out.

I want to kiss him.

"Kiss me now," I whisper with need so passionately hot I swear I'll burn to death if I can't taste his lips.

His eyes widen in surprise, but he doesn't hesitate, stealing the small space between us with a simple stride. Our bodies connect as our lips weld together with the faint glow of the sunset flowing over us. Tristan drowns me in warmth, and by the time we pull away, I can barely remember what upset me to begin with.

"Ready to go?" I ask, gasping for air as our lips part.

Panting, he glances over at The Vibe then reluctantly looks back at me. "If that's what you want to do."

Nodding, I clasp our fingers together, glad he gave in to what I wanted. "Yes, please."

We get into Nova's car, and then we're driving to the beach. On the way there, we listen to music and talk about light things, which doesn't seem like much, yet it's everything I've always desired. I spent so much time arguing with Conner over bills, drugs, parenting, life that if feels nice to talk about easy stuff. Or maybe it's just that talking to Tristan is easy.

Deep down, I know there's something he wants to talk to me about. From the text he sent me, it might not be good either. I don't bring it up, though, wanting just one more second, minute, hour, day, month, year, decade, lifetime of peace with him.

Jesus Christ. So much for not falling in too deep. I've already plummeted to the bottom and crashed into the unknown.

God, please don't let me break again.

Please, just please, let things stay this good.

By the time we pull up to the sandy shore, the sky is a slate grey and dusted with the kisses of thousands of glowing stars. The ocean is lulling toward the sand, and in the midst of all the beauty is a massive bonfire with people gathered around it, drinking from plastic cups.

"Are you sure you're up for this?" I ask as Tristan parks the Nova beside Charissa's sleek black Mercedes that I have no clue how she affords. "I know being at parties can be hard when you're a newbie to sobriety."

"I'm ready if you're ready," he replies, shutting the headlights and the engine off.

I unfasten my seatbelt. "We could always skip it," I add.

He slides the keys from the ignition. "But it's your birthday party."

"Yeah, but it's only been a month since you stopped drinking, or since you took your last drink anyway... Oh, which reminds me..." I retrieve the quarter from the pocket of my shorts. "This is for you." I stick my hand out with the quarter in my palm.

"Um, thanks?" He picks the coin up and flips it over with perplexity written on his face.

"It's to mark your one month sobriety," I explain, leaning over the console closer to him. "And that quarter is a big deal, my friend. In fact, there's a huge story behind it."

His fingers fold around the coin and he turns his head toward me, appearing moved. "Can you tell me the story?"

I knew he was going to ask this when I gave it to him, so I came prepared... I think. "I can tell you part of it, but only if you promise not to ask for too many details or look at me with pity."

He smashes his lips together and nods. Through the soft stream of moonlight glimmering through the windshield, I can see he's being genuine. "I promise."

"Good." I get comfortable in the seat, pulling my leg up to rest my chin on my knee. "So I'm sure you pretty much have a clear idea of why Conner and I got divorced, right?" He warily nods. "Well, the day I decided it was time to leave him was also the day I decided to stop drinking." I reach over and tap his hand holding the coin. "And that's the quarter that helped me make the call, the one that put an end to all the bad shit in my life."

"Okay...?" He wants more.

And I'll give him just a little because I trust him that much, even though I'm freaking terrified out of my wits.

Falling.

Falling.

Falling.

But it's not a painful fall.

It's almost...

Effortless.

"There was a fire, and we didn't have enough money to afford cell phones, so I had to run to a payphone out in front of our trailer park. I honestly didn't think the payphone would work, but it did, and I was able to call the police and the fire department before..." I suck in a gradual inhale and let the breath ease from my lips, my heart trembling. "And the crazy thing was, it gave me my quarter back after I made the call."

"It sounds like a lucky quarter, then."

"Oh, yeah, very, very lucky."

Silence stretches between us as he studies me then the quarter in his hand. "Thank you, Avery. Not just for the quarter, but for remembering it was my month marker." He puts the coin into his pocket then smiles up at me with something in his eyes that makes my heart miss a beat.

"You're welcome," I say in a shaky voice. "It's an important marker."

As he gives me a nervous smile, I can tell he's going to tell me something soon, something that could potentially wreck me. I still hop out of the car, and he twines his fingers through mine as we hike down to the beach, stopping to take off our sandals when we reach the brim of the sand.

"Oh, I get to take my shirt off now," he says with an evil grin, reaching for the collar of his shirt and lifting it over his head.

I suck my bottom lip between my teeth as I deliberately take in the sight of his lean muscles and intricate tattoo inking his side.

"Your nipples are perky," I say, reaching out and pinching one.

"What the hell?" He laughs as he jumps away from my violating touch.

I laugh too. "Sorry, I couldn't resist."

"Well, it's only fair that I get to pinch yours now." He stalks toward me with his arms out, his fingers eager.

"Oh, no you don't." I cross my arms over my chest as I back away. I have a strapless black shirt on paired with red shorts. Beneath my attire is a bikini that I have no intention of showing anyone. The only reason I'm wearing it is because I don't own another swimsuit.

"Hey, that's not fair." He chases after me as I whirl around and run. "You didn't give me any warning when you decided to fondle me, so I couldn't run."

"That's your own damn fault for flaunting your goodies." Laughter bursts from my lips as I sprint down the shoreline away from the fire and near where the waves embrace the sand.

I don't make it too far before his arms are circling around me, and he spins me around to face him.

"Don't pretend like you don't want me to." His hand curves over my hip, making a path to my stomach. My muscles constrict as he slides his palm up my tank top, his fingers splayed against my flesh as his hand rest just below the bottom of my swimsuit top. He doesn't go any farther, probably because I've panicked before when his hands wander up my shirt. He's never said anything about it aloud, but I know he briefly felt the scars and has to wonder where they came from.

"You're so beautiful," he whispers, almost as if his words confound him.

"Smooth," I joke, but my voice is raspy.

"I'm being serious." Puzzlement sketches deep into his face. "You're the most beautiful woman I've ever touched... wanted to touch."

"Tristan, you don't have to say this kind of stuff to me. I'm not the kind of girl that needs a constant reminder that she's gorgeous. Anyone can tell me I'm beautiful. It's trust that wins me over, and you've been doing good with that."

"I know you think I have," he utters quietly, his fingers softly caressing the skin just below my breast. "But I just wanted you to know... need you to understand that you're different. The past relationships I've been in... Well, there's been none. In fact, I've never even slept with a girl I've been attracted to."

Was this what he needed to talk to me about? It doesn't seem so bad. Shocking, yes. The potential to wreck me, no. "Never? Not once?"

He slowly shakes his head. "I was mostly used for... stuff-drugs... not really wanted by anyone... and sometimes I'd use it to my benefit to get stuff... drugs. I've never been in a relationship, and I honestly don't even know how they're supposed to work."

I battle to suppress the pain, not just his, but my own, because his words remind me of my sins.

"Is that what you wanted to tell me?"

He gulps then nods. "I've done a lot of things... slept with a lot of women... done a lot of drugs... the two coinciding..." A deafening exhale puffs from his lips. "But I'm clean now. From everything. I swear. I've been tested and everything and haven't had sex since that happened."

I contemplate what he's said, what he's really said. This is reality, and it's brutal and ugly and bumpy and doesn't sweep me off my feet. I think of the time I lay under the stars with Conner, and we said I love you before having sex for the first time. I felt like I was in a dream because it was fake. Conner was fake. Tristan is real.

"We've all made stupid choices in our lives," I finally say, thinking about my own choices. "The important thing is you're not doing that stuff anymore and that you're clean now." I smile reassuringly at him.

"Of course I am... I would never do anything while I'm with you. Honestly, I never want to do that stuff again-go back to being that person," he says, almost panicking. "I just felt like I needed to tell you so you know what you're getting into. And, yeah, so you understand just how extremely beautiful you are to me."

He's so flirty all the time, calling me cute and adorable with such ease, but standing here in front of me, being serious when he tells me I'm beautiful, makes him look like a guy that lacks self-confidence.

"I'm not using you," I'm compelled to say, hoping it'll erase the self-doubt in his expression. "Trust me. I haven't let a guy touch me in two years. I'm super picky when it comes to letting people in."

"I know you're picky," he says almost reverently, his fingers brushing against the bottom of my breast. "It confuses me why you let me touch you like this."

"Because I want you to..." I trail off, listening to the sound of the ocean crashing against the shore as the lukewarm water kisses at our bare feet.

I tell myself to just spit it out, my own secrets, now that he's given me his, but the words get stuck in my mouth. So instead, I run my fingers over the defined lines of the half skull, half human tattoo on his chest and ask, "You said once that all your tattoos have meanings, right? So what does this one mean?"

He smiles but it doesn't quite reach his eyes. "It's just one I got after I almost overdosed. I was in a weird state of mind at the time."

"Like you felt half alive and half dead?" I whisper, stretching my fingers across the tattoo.

He nods quizzically. "How did you know?"

I shrug. "Just a guess." I'm such a liar.

I know because I once felt that way to.

Neither of us speaks for quite some time and I start to question if we're going to stand in silence forever. But then an unexpected grin spreads across Tristan's face, and before I can react, his fingers sneak below the band of my swimsuit and enclose around my nipple.

"Payback time." He presses his fingertips together and pinches my nipple with just enough pressure that I yelp. As tingles zealously ripple across my skin, I collapse into his touch.

"Jesus, Avery," he says as he slips an arm around my back and catches me, "that was ridiculously quick."

"What! They're super sensitive, okay?" I bury my feet into the sand to regain my footing.

He cocks his head to the side as Charissa hollers at us from down the beach. "You know, I'd really like to explore that a bit more, see what really gets you riled up."

A rush of excitement flutters deep in my stomach and coils downward. I sigh as I grab his hand, pulling him down the beach. "Come on. We'll pick this up after we go say hi."

***

An hour later, I'm standing in front of the fire talking to Charissa, drinking a cup of soda while staring at Tristan as he chats with a couple of guys I've never met before. Tristan seems oddly at ease with his sobriety, but I still keep an eye on him. The two of us are the only sober ones here tonight, and I'm grateful that he's with me, otherwise it'd be that much more difficult not to drink. I'd give him more brownie points for it, but he has so many already that I've lost count of the grand total.

It seems like such a perfect night, but there's something troubling me. My omission of the truth. There's still so much I need to tell Tristan, but fear is holding me back.

"So I heard a rumor that you applied for a job at the Mercedes dealership," Charissa remarks then swigs a gulp from the plastic cup in her hand.

"Yeah..." I answer absentmindedly as Tristan and mine's eyes connect from across the fire and it's as if we're exchanging a secret. Then he winks at me and I uncontrollably shiver before I dazedly focus back on Charissa, replaying her question in my head. "Wait, how did you know that? The only person I've told is Tristan."

She presses me with an all-knowing look. "I have my ways."

I frown. "Come on, tell me. I'm worried now... that Benny might find out I'm job hunting."

"Well, he's going to find out anyway, if you get the job." She rolls her eyes when I continue to frown. "Oh fine." She scans the beach, then her fingers enfold around my elbow and she steers me away from the fire. "But you have to keep it a secret." She lets me go when we're a safe distance away that no one will hear us.

I nod, peering back at the fire, noting Tristan is watching us. "Fine. I swear I won't tell anyone."

"Good," she says and sips her drink. "My dad owns the dealership."

"What!" I exclaim, my attention whipping to her.

"Not so loud," she hisses in a panic.

"Sorry." I drop my voice a notch. "But how did I not know this?"

She shrugs as she stares off at the dusky parking lot. "We don't really know that much about each other, do we? And besides, I like living my secretive life. It's sometimes fun just to have fun, right?"

"Yeah, I guess so." I don't-can't-fully agree with her about the fun thing. As much as I'd love to have more fun, I wouldn't trade what I have for anything.

"You know, I could put in a good word for you," she suggests as she twists a strand of her hair around her finger.

"At the dealership?

"Yeah, my dad likes me so it might help."

"Thanks, Charissa. That means a lot." I guzzle the rest of my soda then crush the empty plastic cup in my hand. "You know, I never did thank you for throwing me this birthday party. It was really nice of you."

She smiles brightly then she hikes up her shirt so her flat stomach is showing more. "Thank you. I think it turned out great. Lots of cute guys showed up." Her gaze flicks to the fire. "Oh, speaking of cute guys." She nudges me in the side with her elbow then nods her head to our right.

Tristan is emerging from the tipsy and horny mob circled around the bonfire. "Hey," he says as he reaches me. He smiles and I return it wholeheartedly. Then he looks over at Charissa. "Mind if I steal Avery for a minute? I was going to ask her to dance."

"I don't really dance," I confess. "At least when I don't have to."

"Oh, everyone should dance." He holds out his hand to me and pouts out his lip. "Come on. Come dance with me. It'll help take my mind off stuff."

Who can say no to that?

Nodding, I hand the cup to Charissa and place my hand in his. I effortlessly follow him as he escorts me down the sandy path toward the fire. I'm surprised by how fearless I am of the fierce flames, of his warm hand in mine, of the booming music.

Everything.

When we get to the brink of the throng, Tristan circles around me, dragging his fingers across my stomach as he lines his chest with my back.

"Ready?" he whispers in my ear, pressing up against me.

I shiver as I nod. "Ready."

Then we dance.

And I mean really dance.

I get more lost in myself, lost in him, as we sway together, the fire blazing in front of us, embers covering the sand. The moment is intensely perfect and I try not to think about how bad of a person I am that I haven't told Tristan much about me, at least when it comes to my sins. But it's all I can think about.

My pulse twinges with shame, the feeling only intensifying the longer our bodies flawlessly move to the music. Tristan kisses my neck as he rocks his hips and rubs up against me, his hands basking in the softness of my skin. My head is so foggy that even breathing is complicated. I used to hate music, but I suddenly love it. Maybe love it too much.

And just like that, reality slaps me across the face. Cold and harsh.

"Shit." I suddenly break away from Tristan and shove through the crowd of people and past the fire.

"Avery!" Tristan calls out as he chases after me.

I trip down the beach, below the judging stars. I can't tell what's wrong and what's right anymore. Everything feels so backward at the moment, like my feet are carrying me in the wrong direction, yet I continue down the path.

"Avery, please." Tristan grabs my arm as he catches up with me. "What the hell is wrong?"

I wiggle my arm, trying to slip away from him, but he only draws me closer until my cheek is pressed against his firm chest and his lean arms are secured around me.

"I'm just confused," I whisper over the rapid beat of his heart. I clutch his shirt, the rhythm of his pulse soothing, familiar. Too soothing. Too familiar.

He smoothes his hand over my head, his fingers knotting through the strands of my hair. "About what?"

"About you and I." I squeeze my eyes shut. Please, please tell me what to do. I'm scared and confused.

Do I tell him?

Do I run?

What am I supposed to be doing?

His hand pauses in my hair. "What about you and me?"

My eyelids flutter open and I peer up at him, then at the stars, seeking guidance. All I receive is silence, though, nothing more. And suddenly, I know that it's time.

For me to let go.

To decide.

On my own.

What I want.

My lips part. "I think it might be time..."

"For what?" His voice is strained. "Avery, is this because of what I just told you? Because I promise it hasn't happened in a long time. I'm doing better."

I jerk out of his arms, shaking my head. "No, that's not it at all. This is about me..." I glance up at the stars one final time then inch back into the moonlight. With a faltering breath, I reach for the bottom of my shirt and tug it over my head, bearing my scars. "There's something I need to tell you."

Two years, five months, and three days earlier...

Chapter 34

The day I died.

Avery

I'm passed out on the sofa from last night's late shift at the gas station, having little time to react as Conner comes staggering inside the trailer. At first, I think his reddened face is directed at me, that he's angry with me again, but then three men enter behind him. I instantly wonder if something's wrong because they're not just any three men. They're three very large men all packing guns in their hands.

"Where's Mason?" Conner asks carefully as he looks around the small room stacked with boxes. We've lived here for two months, but I'm so sick of moving I haven't bothered to unpack yet.

Sitting up on the sofa, I vigilantly glance from the men to Conner. "He's at the neighbor's on a play date. Why?"

"We need to talk," Conner says as he rushes across the living room and up to me. His mouth is twitching, which means he's high, and the purplish dots on his forearm means he's been doing drugs excessively.

I can sense impending trouble in the air that's been heading at me for a long time, like a train is moments away from wrecking me into a million pieces.

"I thought you were moving out..." I look over at the men in the doorway. The tallest of the three smiles at me, but it's not in politeness. No, it's a warning. "Who are they?"

He throws a panicked glance over his shoulder then kneels down in front of me, putting his hands on top of my knees. "I need to tell you something."

I jolt from his touch and try to squirm my legs out from under his hands, but he pierces his nails into my flesh until he draws blood.

"Conner, let me go," I say, jerking to get free.

He shakes his head, his hands tightening on my legs in desperation. "You need to listen to me. I owe these guys a lot of money, Avery, and it's become a problem."

"Well, I don't know what you want me to do about it." I look over at the men again, noticing one of them is removing his belt. When he catches me staring at him, his lips twist to a grin. My attention zips back to Conner. "We're broke. We don't have any money."

"See, that's the thing... you can help," he explains quietly. "They're going to give me more time to come up with the money on one condition."

Like a horse senses a thunderstorm, I want to flee. "And what's the condition?"

Before he can respond, the guy without the belt steps forward and sets his gun down on top of a stack of boxes near him. "It's you, sweetheart."

My gaze whips from him to Conner, my eyes pleading with him not to do this. When I see his deadened expression, I shove him down and spring from the sofa. I make it three steps before I'm tackled from behind and knocked to the ground. The carpet scrapes my cheek, and my body screams out in pain as Conner bears his weight down on me.

"It'll be over soon," Conner whispers in my ear. The worst part is that he actually sounds sorry. After everything he's done, the motherfucker is sorry.

"Fuck you. I fucking hate you... God, please don't do this." It's the last thing I say before a hand slaps over my mouth and an unfamiliar body pushes down on me.

"The less you fight, the quicker this will be over, sweetheart," the guy says, and then my pants are being yanked down.

I fight back.

Fight like my life depends on it.

But I'm weak.

Helpless.

I fucking hate being helpless.

I hate everything.

The way he touches me.

Uses me.

Breaks me.

That Conner watches me suffer.

That he broke every promise he made to me.

That I broke a thousand promises to myself.

That I broke myself.

That I didn't fight hard enough.

That I let all this happen.

Maybe that's what hurts the most.

That I did this to myself.

I just want to die.

God, let me die.

When it's all over, I'm still alive though, but hollow inside.

I'm still breathing.

I don't want to be breathing.

I remain motionless on the floor until I hear the men leave the house. But there's still someone in the living room.

"Avery, I..." Conner struggles with what to say.

A single tear drips down my face and splatters like blood on the carpet. "Get the fuck out."

Moments later, the door squeaks as he leaves, for the first time doing what I've asked him.

I stay face down on the floor for what feels like an eternity, unable to move, unable to cry, unable to do anything. It's like I've died, yet somehow I'm still breathing and my heart is still beating. All I can think about is all of my wishes and how they never came true, and what I would wish for now if I still believed in dreams.

I'd wish I couldn't feel the pain.

Wish this was all over.

Wish I could get rid of the past, burn it all away.

All of it.

Maybe it's time.

When I finally stand again, it's only to put an end to my misery. My rubbery legs stagger down the hallway to my bedroom and trip over the clothes on the floor to get to the dresser. I open the top drawer, grab the box of matches inside, and then pick up a bottle of tequila from the nightstand before collapsing on the bed.

With the little energy I have left in me, I douse the mattress with alcohol then remove a match. Without much forethought, I strike the tip of it against the side of the box and watch it burn, quickly singeing away the wood, erasing it into nothing.

Right before it can burn out, I drop the match and the mattress engulfs in flames. Then I curl into a ball and watch as the fire spreads around the room and melts the walls. Smoke circles the air as fire hisses at my skin. Heat scorches deep into my bones and erases my sins-erases everything. The smoke detectors siren off, but I barely hear the sound over my own screaming. Pain. So much pain.

The smoke steals the air from my lungs, and my heart withers inside my chest. Death is close. The end is near. Then the pain will finally be gone.

I surrender like I have for years. But right as I can feel the end approaching, the fire closing in on my body, I catch sight of a picture on the dresser. It's of Mason and me during the one trip we took to the beach, one of the rare, happy moments I've been able to give him. As I stare at it, the fire begins to char the edges, ready to melt the photo away with me.

"Oh, my God, what am I doing?" I leap from the bed, snatching up the picture as I bolt out of the room.

Potent smoke floods the entire house, and by the time I reach the front door, my oxygen supply is dwindling. Gasping for air, I stumble outside beneath the night sky and the stars and look back at the damage. Flames swallow the entire back section of the house.

What have I done?

I need to call the fire department, stop what I've done.

I stagger toward a payphone at the front of the trailer park. My bare feet are scalded, and the gravel pierces into the open wounds. Everything hurts, even my soul, broken, battered, beaten down, down, down. So heavy, but I keep running, even as my lungs constrict. I make it to the phone and fumble to retrieve a quarter from my pocket.

"Help," I gasp for air as I tell the operator. "My house is on fire."

"What's the address?" she asks. "Ma'am, I need the address."

I sputter it out, then hang up and the phone spits out my quarter. I pick up the coin before my final breath leaves me and I fall.

Fall.

Fall.

Fall.

Down.

Down.

Down.

Into a blanket of stars.

Leaving the world.

My life.

With a silent cry echoing behind me.

Help me.

Chapter 35

The day I was saved.

Tristan

I've finally done it. Finally pushed the boundaries of life too far. There's no going back now. This is the end.

I'm going to die.

"Tristan, can you hear me?"

I can hear Quinton from somewhere, but it's too dark to see anything. My body is broken, worn out, used and abused to the point of no return. Too many drugs course through my system, and I think I'm ready.

To die.

"Come on!" Quinton cries out. "You can't fucking die on me. I can't lose another fucking person in my life!"

I feel bad for leaving him, but not enough to fight for my life. I'm not scared of death, just tired. So fucking tired of being alive yet never fully breathing. Of always sinking further into despair. Of drifting. Of being lost. Of messing up.

It's time for this pointless journey to end.

I take a final breath as my heart flat lines.

Then I fall.

Fall.

Fall.

Toward something I don't understand.

To the stars.

All I see are stars.

Is this what death looks like?

Am I dead?

The revelation crashes against my chest like a jolt of electricity. Slams into my soul. Jumpstarts it again. I'm dead. Gone. I'll never breathe again.

I don't want to die.

Panic sets in. I stretch my arm out, reaching for something, but I can't feel my hand. I try to breathe air into my lungs, but I'm not even sure I have a body anymore.

Please don't let me die.

Please save me.

Please.

Help me.

Present day...

Chapter 36

I think I'm starting to understand the meaning of life.

Tristan

She looks like a ghost standing in the moonlight, her expression haunted by her past. Scars crisscross the flesh of her stomach and ribs, marks of how badly she was broken. Her anguish stabs at my heart, ruptures my soul, fills me with a helpless need to help her. I just don't know how I can.

"Avery, I'm so sorry that happened to you." My bare feet sink in the sand as I inch cautiously toward her. The entire time she recollected the day of the fire to me, she kept her distance. The space still remains as she stares helplessly at me, her chest rapidly heaving as she fights for air. "But what happened-even the fire-wasn't your fault."

"Yes it was." She doesn't step back as I approach her, but she tenses, gazing over my shoulder at the bonfire down the beach. "I should have walked away from Conner a long time ago... but I didn't. And then..."

"None of that was your fault." I clench my hands into fists. The thought of someone hurting her like that is unbearable. God, I thought I'd been through so much, but it seems unbelievably trivial now, unimportant. She's the one that's important now.

"Some of it was." She angles her chin, her neck arching back as she looks up at the midnight sky as if she's speaking to the stars. "And that's something I'll always have to pay for."

"You don't owe the world anything. You only owe yourself a good life."

Her gaze collides with mine. "I know I do. I didn't understand that for quite a while, but now... I think I'm getting that I deserve to be happy."

I relax as she starts to loosen up. "I'm glad you understand that. You deserve every ounce of happiness there is."

"So do you," she says, inching toward me. "You know, for a while, I thought it was you... that I was supposed to help."

That part of her story really got to me, but I don't-can't-think too much about it. The concept that both of us could have died and crossed over at the same time only to be brought back and reunited is mind-boggling. And, honestly, I don't want this-us-to be about anything other than her and I anymore.

"Even if it wasn't about helping me, you've helped me. A lot." I dare another step toward her, yearning for her closeness, desperately needing to touch each of her scars, feel the realness of her. "You've helped me so much... more than you realize or even I realized until I started to think about it."

"Good, that's what I wanted to hear." She relaxes more, her shoulders unwinding with each even breath. "Whether it was you or not, I still wanted to do something good, you know? With all the bad that's tainted my life, it's been good to have some happiness."

"But what about you?" I have to ask. "You deserve help too. I know you get stressed sometimes."

"I'll be fine," she promises, sweeping her hair over her shoulder. "I survived. I'm thriving, and that's what really matters... that I'm"-she turns her back to me-"alive."

My breath hitches in my throat at the sight of the tattoo I've begged to see for months.

Branches of a half dead, half flourishing tree span from shoulder blade to shoulder blade. The elaborate tree trunk sketches the length of her spine, dark ink embedded into her skin and surrounded by tons of pale, jagged scars. On the blossoming side of the tree is an inscription.

Carry me away.

To where I can breathe.

To where my soul can thrive again.

To where I can be free.

To where I can live again.

Give me life.

The ability to span my wings.

And fly.

Not fall.

I never want to fall again.

So help me survive.

Allow me to flourish.

And then let me forgive.

The second I finish reading it, I know there's no going back. I'm completely captivated by Avery. I might even love her. I'm not even afraid to admit that to myself.

I wonder if I'm starting to understand the meaning of life, so I do the only thing I can do.

I kiss her.

Chapter 37

The stars are fading.

Avery

Showing him my scars was difficult, but telling my story was nearly unbearable. Still, I managed to do it and feel lighter because of it.

Maybe even weightless.

I feel extremely content as Tristan and I settle in the sand with a jacket spread out below us while we share a passionate kiss. His sturdy body is covering mine, his heat blanketing me with safeness. His fingers circle my wrist before he pins my arms above my head as our hips align. I can't stop thinking about what he's said, how he's never been in a relationship and how I'm the only girl he's been with that he wanted. The agony in his expression when he said it makes me want to erase the ache inside him.

I abruptly pull away from his mouth and slip my arms from his hold, leaving him panting as I scoot out from under him.

"What are you doing?" he asks breathless, turning around and sitting up on the jacket.

I hitch my leg over him and straddle his lap. "Something."

He watches me through hooded eyes as I explore his muscles and tats with my fingertips. When I reach his side, though, I pause as I feel a lightly raised bump.

"What is this?" I ask, leaning down to inspect it closer.

He shrugs indifferently. "Just a scar."

I gape at him. "Is it from that night?"

He lifts a shoulder and shrugs again. "It's not that big of a deal, Avery. It could have been worse... way, way worse than me ending up with a tiny scar."

I shake my head, awestruck. "It is a big deal. You took a knife for me."

"It's what anyone would have done."

I lightly comb through the long strands of my hair. "No, it is a huge deal. I've had a knife taken to me more than once and no one stopped it, not even myself."

His body stiffens underneath me. "Is...?" He cups the side of my neck and his thumb delicately brushes across the hollow of my throat. "Is that what this is from? Or was it from the fire?"

I swallow hard, knowing he can feel the movement of my throat. "It was from Conner."

"Avery... I can't stand the thought of how bad he hurt you. It's haunted me ever since the first day I met you."

"I know. It haunts me too, but there's not much I can do about it."

"I wish there was something I could do." His fingertips rest above my racing pulse. "Honestly, part of me wants to kill him."

"Those are some deep words." My voice is uneven along with my heartbeat.

"But I mean them." His fingertips drift down the curve of my neck. "I've felt that way since the first day I met you." His thumb softly strokes the scar one more time before he pulls me toward him and entices me toward his lips.

We start kissing again, my body erupting with heat as he lies back down, wraps his arms around me, and brings me with him. I get lost in every deep stroke of his tongue, the irresistible taste of his lips, the overwhelming rock of his hips. My hands wander all over him, down the front of his carved chest, across his taut stomach, to the top of his jeans. His breathing quickens as I undo the button and then drag down the zipper. He immediately starts to protest, but the words get stuck in his throat as my fingers dip down and brush against his swollen cock.

"Jesus," he gasps, his mouth leaving mine as his head tips back and his eyes drift shut. "That feels so good."

My pulse slams with eagerness as my hand moves up and down and I watch him in wonder. The way his neck muscles move every time he moans my name... the way his lips part when he gasps... the way his chest rises and falls as he struggles to hold on. Finally, his hands find my waist, grasping me as he flips me over on my back.

Warm skin grazes against my scars as my back sinks deeper into the sand. Things grow more heated as he unhooks the clasp of my swimsuit top, and then his mouth covers my nipple. If I thought his fingers were amazing, it's nothing compared to his tongue.

I groan as I thread my fingers through his hair, pulling him closer, my back arching up from the ground. "God, that feels so good..."

His tongue traces circles as he sucks and gently bites my sensitive flesh. Then giving one last gentle tug, his lips find mine again. Nothing else matters at that moment as our chests crash together, our rapid breathing matching as we kiss the life from each other.

I drown in the way he makes me feel, although not in a helpless way. No, I feel safe. Cared for. Tristan has protected me. Has been there for me. Has taken a knife for me. I feel so at peace.

Maybe even in love.

Suddenly, I lean back and push Tristan away.

"What are you doing?" he asks, breathless, his eyes glazed over as he stares down at me in confusion.

Without answering, I slip my shorts down and lie naked before him in the sand. It's my first time since that God awful day, but I feel the exact opposite. I'm not scared, ready for it to end. In fact, I want it to last a very long time, which maybe it will. Or it won't. I can't be sure. That's the thing. I can't be sure about anything really, but shutting down and putting walls up is a lonely life to live.

I don't want to be lonely anymore.

I want him.

"Kiss me," I say as I reach for him.

He willingly returns to me, the kiss smoldering with passion and heat. Minutes later, both of our clothes are stripped off, and he's hovering over me with a condom on, ready to slip inside me.

"Are you sure you want this?" he asks as he supports his weight with his arms. He's breathing profusely, like his lungs can't keep up with his breaths "Because I can wait-"

I cover his mouth with my hand. "No more waiting. I want this-I want you."

His breath falters as he nods. This time, when he kisses me, it's slow, savoring, as if he's memorizing the feel of my lips. While I kiss him back as I lift my hips, he slides inside me. For a brief moment, I feel pain connected to the last time I had sex. However, it quickly vanishes and all that remains is pleasure.

Want.

Need.

Desire.

For him.

"Good God, Avery," he groans as he thrusts deeply into me.

I respond by digging my nails into his shoulder blades, begging him closer.

He gives me what I want, slipping deep inside me.

And our bodies join beneath the night sky.

But the stars seem much more distant, much dimmer.

As if they're fading.

Until they're completely gone.

And there's nothing left.

Except Tristan and me.

Chapter 38

The past isn't quite gone yet.

Avery

It's early morning by the time Tristan and I leave the beach. Thirty minutes later, he's dropping me off at The Vibe where my Jeep is parked. My lips are swollen from all the kissing, my body still tingling everywhere that he touched me, and my mind continues to spin over what happened. Part of me worries it was wrong. However, most of me believes it was right. And I feel so happy, so content, more than I have in a very long time.

"Drive safely," Tristan whispers after he's done kissing me goodbye. "And, please, call me if you need anything. In fact, call me when you get home, just so I know you're safe."

I nod and then get out of the car. He waits until I'm in my vehicle and the engine is started before he drives away with me following him to the exit where we turn in opposite directions. As his taillights fade in my rearview mirror, I suddenly feel so lonely. The loneliness only increases when I realize that, in just a few short weeks, I'll watch him leave permanently.

"This sucks," I mutter as I turn down a side road that is lined with trees and empty land being prepped for development. "Maybe I was wrong to let him in my life." But as soon as I say it, I know I'm wrong. I've regretted a lot of things in my life-big, scarring things-but my time with Tristan isn't now, nor will it ever be, one of those things.

As I make the journey home, smoking a cigarette, I drift into my thoughts over what I'm going to do when it's time for Tristan to go. I'm halfway home, driving on one of the empty back roads, when I hear a rasping noise behind my seat. My hairs stand on end as I realize I'm not alone in the car.

Keep driving. Keep driving. Pretend everything is okay.

I flick the butt of my cigarette out the window, glance over at my phone on the passenger seat, and then reach for it to text Tristan.

"Don't even think about it."

I jerk back at the sound of Conner's voice and almost veer off the road into a tree. Regaining control of the car, I swerve back onto the road, the tires skidding against the asphalt.

"What the fuck are you doing in here?" My knuckles whiten as I grasp the steering wheel. "And how did you get into my car? The doors were locked."

He rises up from the back seat and leans over the console to snatch up my phone. "I think you know me well enough to know locked doors aren't going to stop me."

"If that's true, then why are you just getting to me now? Was it to torture me?"

He rests his heavily tattooed arms on the console, close enough that I can smell the booze flowing off him. "That was part of the reason. I was also being careful." He reaches for a strand of my hair, and I lean my head to the side. "I didn't want to give the cops a reason to put me in jail again."

"You're breaking your restraining order right now," I remind him, "which means jail time."

He waves me off, sitting back in the seat and fiddling around with my phone. "They'll never catch me. Besides, even if they did, I'd get out in a few months and be right back in your life." A dark look crosses his face as he reads something on the screen. "So this is what you've been up to... you dirty, little skank."

What the hell is he looking at?

I desperately want to reach back and snatch my phone away but know it will only make things worse, so I clutch onto the wheel. "I don't want you in my life anymore, Conner. I just want you to leave me alone. That's all I've ever wanted, so give me my phone back and get the hell out of my car."

"All you've ever wanted." He leans forward, getting in my face, his breath burning my cheeks. "What about what I wanted? Like a life not tied down to a family. Or a wife who doesn't nag." He punches the seat beside my head and I flinch, my hands starting to tremble. "All that time I spent with you and for what? To end up in jail."

"You did it to yourself," I say. "You chose to deal drugs and to... well, make me pay back your debt that day."

"I would have never been caught if you hadn't set the place on fire!" he screams in my ear. "Only a psychopath does that!"

My eardrums are ringing, fear slams through my pulse, and I'm gasping so hard my vision is spotting. I should pull over the car, but I'm worried of what he'll do to me if I stop driving.

"Only a psychopath whores out their wife and lets her get raped while he watches," I bite back venomously. It's the first time I've ever gotten a chance to yell at him for what happened, and it feels good. Way fucking good. "Do you know how fucked up that was?"

"You didn't do anything to stop it," he growls. "You just laid there and took it like the whore you are."

I slam on the brakes and the car lurches forward, sending him flying over the console toward the window, but he sticks his arm out and catches himself at the last second.

"You fucking cunt!" he screams as he falls into the passenger seat. "I'm going to make you pay for that so much that you'll regret the day you met me!"

"I regret that already!" I shout, gasping for air, terrified and enraged out of my mind. "For years now, I've wished I could go back and never agree to go out with you!"

"Well, sucks to be you since you can't erase your past." He smirks at me as he opens the door and gets out.

I'd be relieved, but I know him well enough to know it's not over.

He holds up my phone and sneers. "Payback's a bitch." Then he slams the door and strides toward the back of the Jeep.

I wait for him to round it and come at me from the driver's side, but he continues to head down the road toward the highway. I think about going after him, know that whatever reason he has my phone can't be good, but what would I do when I caught him? Regardless of me moving on, in the end, he's still stronger than me and can hurt me if he wants to. No matter what I do-whether I move on, find someone else, or fall in love-he will always be there, never allowing me to let fully go of my past, no matter how much I want to.

Huffing in frustration, I punch the gas and drive forward, ready to get home. But Conner's words echo in my mind.

Payback's a bitch.

What did he mean by that? What could he possibly pay me back with on that phone? I think about what I have on there. Nothing incriminating. Just contacts and texts...

Something else Conner says flashes through my mind.

So this is what you've been up to, you dirty little skank.

Tristan and I have been texting each other off and on, and while our conversations haven't been dirty, they've been flirty enough that it could be clear something's going on between us. Conner might not have Tristan's address, but it's a small town. I'm sure he won't have trouble tracking him down.

What should I do? Call Tristan? I don't know his number other than he's contact number ten on my log. I could wait, but I'm worried it'll be too late by then. I could go home and call the police, but what would I say? My ex-husband stole my phone? It would be about as helpful as the restraining order.

Without any hesitation, I make a decision and turn the car around, heading away from my home and to Tristan.

Chapter 39

It's time for this to end.

Tristan

After I get back to the motel, I spend the next couple of hours standing outside and smoking while watching the sun clip the sky as I reflect on what happened. Avery and I had sex. I had sex for the first time simply because I wanted to. I wasn't high, wasn't searching for anything. I only wanted Avery.

And she wanted me back.

That thought puts a smile on my face as I turn to go inside. The sky is greying with morning. I'll probably get an hour of sleep before I have to get up again, but I don't care. It was worth it.

I'm reaching for the doorknob when my phone vibrates from inside my pocket. I fish it out, a smile touching my lips when I see the message is from Avery. But my elation plummets when I read the text.

Avery: So what's it like sleeping with my wife?

My hand falls from the doorknob. "What the fuck?"

Panic sets in. Conner. The message is from Conner. What the fuck do I do?

Call the police.

"I'm going to fucking kill him if he touched her." I switch to the dialing pad to make a call when I hear someone laugh from beside me. I look to my right and my grip tightens on the phone.

"Easy there," Conner says as he leans against the side of the motel with a phone in his hand. "No need to go killing anyone over a girl."

"What did you do to her?" I inch toward him with my jaw clenched. "If you touched her, I swear-"

"If I touched her?" he snaps, striding toward me. "I have every right to touch her. She's my wife."

"Ex-wife," I remind him as he slams to a stop in front of me. I don't cower back, even when he leans toward my face. I remember the first time we got into a fight like this, only it was because I stepped in front of Avery. Now it's me he wants, and now it's me he'll get. Only this time, he's not going to get the better of me. This time, I'm not some druggie craving a bag of meth more than my feelings for Avery. I'm stronger, both mentally and physically, and I have a clear head. A really, really clear head that lets me remember what he did to Avery and allows me to feel just how badly I want to make him pay for what he did.

For her.

"She may be my ex-wife," he breathes in my face, "but you have no right to touch her."

"No, you have no right to touch her." I lean in closer, my fists balled, my muscles wound tight. "I know what you fucking did to her, you piece of shit, and you're going to pay for everything you did to her."

He lets out a growl and raises his fists, but he stops when the door to the side of us swings open. Zedd stumbles out, blinking his bloodshot eyes. He takes one look at us then a smirk spreads across his face

"Oh, good, I see you've met Skullman," he sneers at me as he starts to shake with excitement, jacked up on something.

"You have got to be fucking kidding me," I mutter, looking back at Conner. "You're the dumbass that calls himself Skullman?"

"And you're the fucking asshole who owes me five hundred bucks." A slow grin twists at his lips, utterly pleased by this bit of news as he spans his arms out to the side and laughs, giving me a good view of fresh track marks on his skin. "Beating you up just got a whole lot better."

Zedd snickers. "Told you you'd pay. And now Skullman is going to kick your ass for the money you owe him for the drugs you stole from me," he says to me then steps back into his room and slams the door.

Fucking crackheads.

Good God, how could I be like that for so long?

Before I can answer my own question, Conner cranes his arm back and takes a swing at me. I easily duck out of the way then skitter around him.

"Fucking coward," he growls and then runs at me.

His head collides into my chest and knocks the wind out of me, but I recover and manage to stay on my feet. Then I shove Conner back, and he slams against the wall. Jesus, I didn't think I had that much strength. Then again, the last time I got into a fight, I was as scrawny and drugged out as Zedd.

I have little time to react though, as Conner charges back at me, his fist colliding with my jaw. Pain erupts up my cheek and into my eye, causing my vision to spot. I blast through the pain and swing my fist at his face. Blood splatters from his mouth as my knuckles bash into his cheek. I step back, watching the blood dribble from his chin as he collapses to the ground.

"Now you're going to leave Avery the fuck alone," I say, looking down at Conner as he lies on his back and fights to catch his breath. "She doesn't want you anymore."

He glances up at me with blood streaming down his chin then starts to laugh. "You think this is over? This is just the beginning. That woman has made my life a living hell. I went to jail for two years because of her." He rolls over and staggers to his feet. Then, hunched over, he scuffs across the parking lot toward the side of the motel, wiping the blood from his chin.

I stride after him as I dial the police, worried he's going to go after Avery. "I need to report a fight..." I trail off as I round the corner of the building.

Because Conner comes at me with a knife, and I have zero time to react as it sinks into my side.

"You fucking asshole." I press my hand to my side, feeling the warmth of blood drip down my fingers.

The God damn motherfucker smiles.

And something snaps inside me.

I think about all the times he hurt Avery.

All the pain he caused her.

All the times he made her bleed.

How he almost killed her.

Scared her.

And how he can't seem to let her go.

To free her from his abuse.

Continuously causing her pain.

Beating her down.

Slowly killing her.

It's time for this to end.

Battling through the pain, I crane my arm back and ram my fist into his face. Caught off guard, he drops the knife and trips back. I keep going at him, throwing punch after punch until my arm and fingers ache, until the pain in my side is gone, until Conner falls onto the ground unconscious, still breathing, but beaten up pretty badly.

I think about going further yet realize that, even with all the bad stuff I've done in my past, I'm not that kind of person. So instead, I stumble over to his car and find what I'm looking for in the glove box. Then, with every ounce of strength I have left in me, I grab Conner's arms and drag him over to the car and hoist him into the driver's seat.

Staggering back to my phone, I call the police again and tell the operator the address of where they can find a major drug dealer. Then I hang up and brace my hand on the wall as I drag my feet and make my way around the motel and back to my room. I manage to bang on the door one time before I crumple to the ground, staining the cement with my blood as I stare up at the sky. I'm not afraid of dying like I was last time. No, this time feels different-I feel different.

Because this time my soul isn't dead.

It's alive.

And full.

Of love.

Chapter 40

I'm wrecked.

Avery

"I'm going to lose my shit if we don't get an update," I mutter, biting on my nails as I pace the length of the quiet waiting room. It's been hours since I pulled up to the motel and saw the ambulance driving away. Hours since I've seen Tristan. Hours since I've kissed him. And now I'm not sure I'll ever get to kiss him again. He's been back in surgery for a while, and I feel like I'm losing my mind.

"Avery, calm down." Nova rises from the chair and touches my arm, stopping me. Quinton is with us, too, but he went to get coffee, and Jax is on his way with Mason. He headed here on the bus despite my protests, more out of worry for me than anything. "Don't get too worked up until we find out what's going on."

"I can't calm down," I tell her with a sigh, flinching when I get a whiff of that stale hospital scent. "I fucking hate hospitals... too much has happened here."

"I hate them, too," she divulges, slumping down in a chair. "Ever since I lost my father."

"I'm so sorry." I sink into a chair beside her. "I didn't know he died."

"No one really knows about it, but being here... It kind of reminds me of the day my mom and I had to go to the hospital because he had a heart attack."

"I've never been in one to for anyone else." I lean back and stretch my legs out in front of me. I still have the same clothes on that I did at the beach and keep finding sand in my pockets. "But I've been admitted to them a lot."

"Do you mind if I ask for what?" She presses her lips together, waiting for my answer.

"Just stuff." Conner stuff. God, he put me in the hospital so many times. And now Tristan's in here because Conner stabbed him and Conner's in here because Tristan beat him unconscious.

This whole thing is such a mess.

I just need to know if he's okay.

Just let him be okay.

I glance over at the police officer standing guard at one of the doors near where Conner is being treated for injuries. Although one good thing came out of it. I just wish he wasn't at this hospital, but the next closest one is over an hour away, so there wasn't much of a choice.

"Quinton Carter?" a nurse asks as she exits through the swinging doors we aren't allowed to go behind yet. She's wearing bright green scrubs with kittens on them, and her hair is pulled up into a messy bun. She's young, about my age, seeming a little too young to be a nurse, but then again, I seem too young to most people to have a five-year-old son.

"Um." Nova stands up and crosses the room and I quickly follow her. "Yeah, he went to get coffee."

"Who are you?" the nurse asks, eyeing Nova over kind of rudely.

"Nova Reed," Nova replies, glancing at me helplessly. "We're his friends."

The nurse sifts through the papers on her clipboard. "Well, Quinton's the only one listed as family for Tristan Morganson, and I can't give updates to anyone other than family."

"Oh, come on, Clara." Jax suddenly appears by my side with a sleeping Mason in his arms. Both of them are still wearing their pajamas, their hair ruffled, and Jax looks as exhausted as I feel. "Can't you bend the rules for once?"

Her glossy lips twitch as if she's trying not to smile. "It's against the rules. Sorry."

"Oh, come on. Can't you at least tell us if he's okay?" He tries to dazzle her with a smile, and I almost laugh when Clara gets a bit flustered. "Cute scrubs by the way."

"Would you knock that off?" she says, nearly fanning herself. "I'm at work." She fights giving in to him-I can tell-but the longer Jax stares at her, the more she begins to cave. I practically gape at him because I've never seen this side of him. "Fine. He's stable, okay? But that's all I'm going to say."

"What does that mean?" I ask. "Is he going to be okay?"

She nods. "He should make a full recovery, but I can't let you go back to see him until he wakes up." She aims a finger at Jax. "And no more updates to non-family members."

Relief washes over me so potently that I nearly collapse to the floor. Moments later, tears cascade from my eyes. I don't even know what's causing them. My guilt, partly. My worry, fuck yes. The fear of loss. The fear of losing someone important.

I can't lose him.

Never.

Ever.

Ever.

Never do I want to lose this.

These feelings.

I can't even begin to describe them, but I'm positive I've never felt anything like this before.

Overwhelmed, I reel around and run out of the hospital, dropping to my knees on the concrete pavement just outside the doors. Then I cry my heart out. For myself. For Tristan. For all the pain I've ever felt. For my past. And my future because I have one now. With each tear shed, I lose a part of myself. But it's not a bad loss. Not at all. By the time I've finished, I've made up my mind.

No more going backwards.

No more running.

No more rules.

Only moving forwards.

With him.

If he'll have me.

Drying my eyes, I walk back inside the waiting room and sit down in one of the chairs with Mason on my lap and Jax and Nova at my side. Quinton eventually returns with coffees, and we sip the caffeine while we wait.

Finally, hours later, Clara pushes through the swinging doors. She shoots Jax a dirty but flirtatious look before she addresses us. "He's awake and can have visitors," she says then she looks at me. "But he asked if he could see Avery first."

I have no clue how she knows who I am other than maybe Jax told her. I glance over at Mason playing with Legos in the corner of the room and Jax motions for me to go.

"Go see him," he says. "Everything's okay out here."

Nodding, I follow Clara across the room and back through the doors.

"He's stable," she says as she leads me down the florescent-lit hallway. "But make sure to keep it short and simple. Stress isn't good for him right now."

"I wasn't going to say anything stressful," I tell her as we stop in the doorway. "Just thank you..." I trail off as I catch sight of Tristan.

The bed he's lying in is elevated so he's sitting up and looking right at the door, right at me. His skin is pallid, he has dark circles under his eyes, and there's an IV tube connected to the back of his hand along with a heart monitor attached to his finger that keeps beeping. He smiles when he sees me. I have no clue how he looks so happy after just getting out of surgery.

But I can't help myself.

I smile back.

"Hey," I say as I tentatively enter the room and Clara leaves us alone.

His smile grows. "Hey, yourself." His happiness falters when I get closer and he studies my face. "Have you been crying?"

"Of course I have." I carefully sit down on the edge of the bed. "I thought I was never going to see you again."

His expression softens as he reaches for me. "Well, I'm okay." As his hand cups my cheek, I feel a quiver in his fingers.

"I know that now." I lean into his touch and breathe in the feel of him. "But for a while there... I thought..." I suck in a sharp breath. "But, anyway, I'm glad you're okay. Although, I'd really like to know what happened. Did he show up at your place and... attack you?"

"No. I mean he showed up to fight, but I could have just walked away. I could have went into the motel room and called the police." He smoothes the pad of his thumb over my cheekbone. "But I kept thinking about how he was never going to leave you alone unless there was a reason he couldn't get to you. I knew after he stabbed me he would go to jail as long as he didn't wake up and bail before the police showed up." He manages another exhausted smile. "And the drugs in his car were an added bonus."

"How did you know about the drugs?" I ask, and the heart monitor beeps faster.

He starts telling me a story.

That starts with the drugs he dumped down the toilet.

A fucked up story that ends with my ex-husband screwing him over and stabbing him.

"Tristan, just relax." I glance worriedly at the racing heart monitor. "There were enough drugs in Conner's car that he's going to go to jail for a very long time."

He appears confused. "But aren't you mad at me?"

"For what?"

"For getting into the drug mess."

"That wasn't your fault." I trail my fingers over the blanket covering his stomach where he got stabbed. "This is my fault."

He desperately shakes his head. "No, it's not. You can't think like that, okay? What I did was because I wanted to do it. Every step, hit, kick, punch was all made by my own choices."

"Yes, it is my fault," I whisper, avoiding eye contact, afraid of what I might see or not see in his eyes. "I was worried about this happening too. That you'd get involved with me, and my messy life would taint yours."

"My life was already a mess," he firmly tells me. "It was pointless, like I was just waiting around for something to happen, and I didn't think anything ever would... But then... Well, I met this girl who drove me fucking crazy in the best possible way."

I smile as I trace circles on the blanket. "Did you use that cheesy line on this girl?"

"No, but I used a lot of others." The humor in his voice causes me to look up, and what I see in his eyes warms me to my very soul.

"Well, here's a cheesy pick up line for you," I tell him. "I think that, despite my silly rules, you ended up wrecking me anyway, but in the best possible way."

"That was smooth." That adorable half-smile appears on his face. "I must be rubbing off on you."

"I could only be so lucky," I tease with a laugh. But his awestruck expression silences my laughter.

"You really mean that?" he utters quietly.

"You know what? I think I do." I summon a breath and then let the rest out. "And I think I might be falling in love with you."

As a massive smile turns up at his lips, the heart monitor springs to life again. "You know what? I think I might be in love with you too."

Chapter 41

The beginning of the new beginning.

One month later...

Avery

"Mason, please be careful, or you're going to hurt yourself," I say, pointing a finger at him as he runs laps around the yard of the newly built home. Finally, after two months of hard work, I get to stand in front of a fully built home, knowing I helped build the foundation for someone to maybe have a better life.

"But Tristan told me I should run around as fast as I can to get my energy out before the car ride," Mason replies as his tiny legs continue to move him around and around the length of the front lawn.

I scowl at Tristan. "Oh, you are so not going to be like Jax and encourage him to do the fun stuff while I have to be the bad guy."

Tristan pulls a whoops face from beside me. "Sorry, but he kind of needs to get it out of his system. We've got a long fucking car ride ahead of us."

It's true. Since it's Thanksgiving break, we're driving to Wyoming to visit his mom, which I'm a little nervous about; not just to meet his parents, but because I'll be so close to The Subs. On our way back home, we'll head downward to Arizona where I'm going to stop by and meet my half-sister Taylor, something I'm still a little unsure about, but Tristan assures me he'll "hold my hand the entire time."

"Yeah, I guess you're right." I sigh, giving up since a part of me wants to spoil Mason too, now that his father is going to be behind bars for a very long time, and he'll probably never see him until maybe when he's older. I hope even then he doesn't, although it'll be his choice. "I'm a little worried about leaving Jax though... he's been acting strange the last few weeks."

"Avery, he's almost nineteen years old," Tristan reminds me. "I'm sure he'll be fine."

"I know." I sigh heavy heartedly. "It's just something he said to me... about our mother actually-that we should stop by the old house and check up on things."

"You think she's back home now?" he asks worriedly.

I shake my head. "No, not that I know of. And the last I heard, the house was going to get foreclosed so I'm not sure what the point of stopping by would be."

"You should be really sure before you do it."

"I'm not sure at all, but I'm going to do it for Jax. I'm just worried he thinks she'll be there and he can relax. I think he's felt guilty ever since she went missing, like somehow it's his fault. Not sure why though, since he won't talk to me about it. "

Tristan reaches over and squeezes my hand. "I'm here for you, whatever you decide to do."

"The same goes for you. You should really make sure you're okay going on this car ride with us. You still have time to back out and avoid dealing"-I point at Mason as he jumps up and down, throwing grass in the air-"with that."

He snorts a laugh as he looks over at Mason, and then he turns and ambles around behind me. "Would you relax? Everything's going to be fine. I know what I'm getting into, and while I'm still discovering your guys' little quirks, the important part is that I want to continue finding out all of them." He wraps his arms around me and pulls me against him, resting his chin on the top of my head. His strong arms instantly make me feel safe, like they have for the last month. "And just think, after this awesome cross country trip, we get to come back and continue discovering each other's little quirks. And we both won't be working at the bar by then which will be an added bonus."

"Well, I have to give all the credit to Charissa for putting in a good word for me at the dealership."

"I'm sure you would have gotten it all on your own."

"Maybe," I say unsurely. "It doesn't really matter though. I'm just glad I got the job. Although, I'm a little nervous to start it. There's so many huge responsibilities to it."

"You'll do great," he reassures me. "Just like you do with everything else."

"We'll both do great," I add then pause. "I still can't believe you're going to move here." I remember when he told me a few days ago that he wasn't leaving North Carolina. That he couldn't leave me-us. He got a job in construction here and plans to finish school living in the same town as me. And he seems very adamant about it. "It just seems crazy. As crazy as-"

"As crazy as what, star girl?" As he embraces me tighter, I naturally give in to his pull, allowing his warmth and scent to encompass and immerse me.

"Yeah, I get your point." There are crazier things than Tristan moving here. Like how he got here. Into my life. How we got to this moment. "And then we can be a super sober, boring couple. Forever and ever and ever."

"And I'm okay with that."

"Me, too." I pull him closer against me and it's the easiest thing to do in the world, standing together, under the clear blue sky.

Because that's the thing. I spent a lot of time fighting my attraction to Tristan, refusing to be his friend, but through our friendship, I got to know him. I mean, really know him. And he got to know me as well, more than anyone has ever gotten to know me because I never trusted anyone enough to let them in. However, he showed me that trust doesn't have to be bad. In fact, it can be really, really good.

And that leaves me wondering something.

About myself.

About Tristan.

About the stars.

About that night I lay dying under them.

I thought I was supposed to help someone, that in the midst of my death someone cried out to me. But maybe I heard it wrong. Maybe it was my own cry, begging someone to help me.

And Tristan was the one who heard it.

