Chapter 1

Just walk away.

"Can I have an iced mocha latte with skim milk and whipped cream?" Yeah,

the whipped cream cancelled out the skim milk, but at least I attempted to be good.

Besides, it had been my breakfast for the past four years of college. "That'll be three dollars and thirteen cents. Please pull around." I loved routines, my life, and the future that I was going to have.

I couldn't believe that I'd finally graduated and was now able to start my life.

After I'd found a job, it was my plan to go back to school and get my bachelors degree. I can't remember a time when I wasn't ambitious. It was in my blood, with my parents both being doctors.

They'd wanted me to follow in their footsteps, but I still wasn't sure that was the right career path for me. The hardest part was the fact that I hadn't been home in years. It wasn't because of my parents and it wasn't even because of my sister, well, not directly because of her. She couldn't have known what was going on inside of my head.

No, there was someone else that I couldn't face; someone that I'd be forced to be around if I went home to visit.

Stoshua Wheeler.

I guess to better understand my reasoning, I'll have to go back to my senior year of high school, the year when everything happened. It was then that I decided that I needed to be as far away from my twin sister, and this town, as I could get.

Growing up, and being just minutes apart, was awesome having a twin. We talked alike, dressed alike, and shared everything. Every memory I ever had as a little girl, my sister was with me. We were inseparable and the best of friends. Imagine having someone that is the mirror image of you. We shared the same friends and even interests.

Then high school happened.

It was the first day of our senior year. My sister, being captain of the cheerleading squad, changed her outfit at least six times. She couldn't decide on putting her hair up or leaving it down.

While she had a nervous breakdown, I straightened my hair and put on the outfit that I'd picked out the night before. I'd already looked up my syllabus and known my schedule, since I volunteered at the school during the summer.

The one thing I hated about high school, was having to share a car with my sister. Sure, it was a BMW, and all of our friends envied us, but my sister had the crazy social life. I was usually stuck bumming a ride with one of my friends.

As usual, I ended up being the first student to arrive in class. Most people wouldn't enjoy AP Chemistry first thing in the morning. I felt it to be invigorating.

The class filled with familiar faces. When you were enrolled in the classes that I was in, you were always stuck with the same people. It was good to have the same friends, even though my studies were more important than any kind of socializing.

I'd been on a mission ever since middle school. My focus was to have the best grade point average that was possible.

I was prepared for the new school year. Nothing could distract me.

Well, that's what I thought.

Five minutes after the bell rang, the most handsome specimen of a man walked into my classroom. His hair was wavy and he was so tan. Even before I saw his blue eyes, I think I knew they were going to make me melt.

The teacher took his schedule and looked out at us. The only empty seat was next to me. I usually preferred sitting alone, so that I could focus.

"What kind of name is Stoshua?"

"Joshua was already taken," he replied sarcastically.

I couldn't help but laugh.

A couple students turned around and gave me a dirty look.

When I looked up at the front of the classroom again, the new guy was looking right at me. I didn't know what to do, so I looked down at my hands and refused to look at him again. My cheeks were rapidly growing hot and my heart was pounding out of my chest.

I wasn't used to feeling so embarrassed, but this guy was so gorgeous. To make matters worse, the teacher had him sit right next to me and assigned him as my lab partner. It was the first day that I didn't want to be in chemistry and also the first time I'd had a panic attack.

As the months went by, my obsession with the new guy, turned into an infatuation. The more I tried to stay focused on school, the more I fantasized about Stoshua. We got to know each other and became close friends. I was too shy to admit that I was interested in him. I'd never dated and I didn't know how to be in a relationship.

He became my second best friend. On the weekends, we'd watch eighties movies and hang out, studying or going places together. We talked about everything and had each other on speed dial. With my sister being so involved in herself, Stosh was my only confidant. Sure, I could never admit how I felt about him, but it didn't matter. All I wanted to do was be with him, every second of every day. I fantasized about changing my last name to Wheeler. I designed my wedding gown in my head and named our first born son.

Don't act like you've never done it before. We all fantasize about being swept away by our own version of prince charming. For me, he was my kryptonite. I lived and breathed to be near him, all in hopes of one day to become Mrs. Stoshua Wheeler.

At the end of the school year, a few weeks before prom, I had this feeling like he was going to ask me. Since we had even more classes together that semester, we were together all of the time. He'd come over to study and stay for dinner, or I'd do the same at his house.

Even though I didn't know for sure, I believed that he liked me as much as I liked him.

I'll never forget practicing over and over what my conversation with Stosh was going to be. At first, I wrote him notes. After going through almost an entire notebook of paper, I decided that it was better if I just came out and said what I was feeling.

Gaining the courage to put myself out there was nerve racking. Once any other logical option was exhausted, I knew I had to go for it. My sister knew I was up to something immediately. This particular year had been harder for me. As focused as I was on school, I felt like she was leaving me out of things. She hung out with her friends more than she spent time with me. Most nights, she snuck in the house after curfew and smelled of booze. Her defiance was associated with her popularity and the type of people that she hung out with. In some ways I was jealous. Ivy was always having fun, where I was always focused on being the best person I could be. Responsibility was important to me, but not my sister.

With prom being so close, it also meant that finals were even closer. I'd studied for weeks and was sure to ace all of my exams. Ivy came to me one day in tears.

"Will, you have to help me. I'm in big trouble."

Only two people called me Will.

Ivy and Stosh.

"What's wrong now? Did you break a nail or something? Did you lose your favorite mini-‐skirt? Is your period due?"

She raised her eyebrow, like I was out of line. "I'm being serious!" She pushed me and sat next to me on my bed. "If I fail my exam, I won't graduate."

"What are you talking about?"

She rolled her eyes and stood up to admire herself in the mirror. "It's Biology. You know I hate that class. The teacher is pissed at me because he'd never have someone like me. He has it out for me, I swear."

I shook my head. My sister could never admit that something was her fault. "So, you want me to help you study?"

She gave me a dirty look. "Are you kidding me, right now? Um, hell to the no. I want you to take the exam for me."

"You're crazy! I'm not doing that! Besides, I would miss my own final to help you." She must be insane if she thought I would be willing to trade places with her and let her take my test. My sister was beautiful and very popular, but she sucked at anything that had to do with academics.

"I am going to hook that day. The makeup exam will be the following day and you'll be all done. Please Will? I don't want to fail my senior year. I'm begging you."

I walked over to my window. Did she even know what she was asking me to do? How could I possibly do something so illegal? How could I chance losing everything that I'd worked for?

I'll tell you how...

I did it for my twin sister; the one who shared the egg that created us. She was my partner, no matter what the sacrifice. I'd do anything to make her happy. In fact, I couldn't be happy unless I knew she was too.

That was my biggest mistake.

I was already disappointed in myself, but it was something that I felt obligated to do, no matter what the risk was. "Fine. You owe me big for this one."

"Anything! You just name it." She wrapped her arms around me. "What would I do without you, sis?"

"Apparently, flunk Biology."

She snickered as she started to walk out of the room. "Now that you've helped me solve my itsy bitsy problem, I can concentrate on getting myself all sexified up for this party tonight. Everyone is going to be there. I'm so excited."

Everyone wasn't going to be there. I'd be catching up on biology, in my room, alone.

I only studied for a few hours before I got bored and my mind went back to Stoshua. I was running out of time to tell him how I felt. It was going to happen.

There was a big end of year assembly for the seniors. We were both on the clean up committee and would have to stay after school. When we were alone, I was going to tell him everything. He would finally find out just how crazy in love with him I was. Since I was so sure he felt the same way, I was excited and optimistic.

The assembly was focused on superlatives, which my sister won a lot of. She was most beautiful, most daring, and most popular. Everyone cheered when she went up to collect her little awards.

I spotted Stosh in the crowd and caught him looking back at me three times. It gave me even more courage.

After the assembly was over, I weeded through the crowd to find him. I should have known when I saw him standing in front of my sister that something was wrong. It just didn't dawn on me that it would go the way it went.

They both saw me heading their way. My smile turned upside down and my heart was beating a thousand times too fast. "What's up?"

They looked at each other and then back at me. "Stoshua just asked me to prom. We are going to be the hottest couple there. I just know it." She put her arm into his and waited for me to reply.

Of all the people on the entire planet, nobody could have hurt me like my sister did at that very moment. I was literally crushed into a million pieces. "I didn't know you guys liked each other."

They both looked at each other and shrugged. After all of this time, I'd thought he was interested in me, when the whole time he'd only been into my sister. She'd probably told him to be nice to me.

I felt like such a fool.

"That's great." I could feel the burning in my throat. I was choking back my own pain to try and be happy for my sister. It was impossible to even look at Stosh. I wanted to die!

The next week was even worse. Ivy drug me all over town, looking for the perfect dress. She said she needed to be the hottest girl there.

When she found her version of a perfect dress, which consisted of it just ending at her ass and showing entirely too much cle**age, she got even more annoying. "You know, you should come to prom. We could get matching dresses, like we did when we were kids."

"No thanks. Prom isn't my kind of scene. I'm just going to catch a movie. You know, the statistics show that drunk driving is heightened during events such as dances. Drug use is even worse. I prefer being home by ten and knowing I will wake up in one piece."

She rolled her eyes at me. "Whatever!" While admiring herself in the mirror, "I seriously wonder what planet you came from sometimes. I mean, do you even hear yourself?"

If she wasn't my sister, I knew we'd never be friends. We had nothing in common except our looks. "I can't help who I am. When I'm out of college and I have a good job, I'll have plenty of time to go out and have fun. I just don't want to make a mistake that could cost me the future that I'm working so hard for. You can't hate me for being responsible."

"You really need to live a little. Your vagina is going to shrivel up like an old lady if you don't use it!"

I rolled my eyes. "My vagina is fine, thank you very much."

"Don't say I didn't warn ya." She continued admiring herself in the mirror.

"Just because I'm saving myself, doesn't mean I'm a prude. I'm happy with my life. One day I can look back and be happy with my decisions. I don't want regrets, Ivy." She was going to have them. Everything my sister did made me wonder what the hell she was thinking.

Since dress shopping had been a nightmare, I avoided my sister until the big day. I'd had my moments and it was a blessing that we didn't share rooms. I'd cried myself to sleep every night and being in school wasn't easier. I had to maintain my friendship with Stosh like nothing had happened. He was into my sister, which meant he had never been into me. It was like a slap in the face to have to put on a smile everyday and pretend that our friendship hadn't been tainted.

When he started asking me questions about my sister, I wanted to scream.

Then they became more than just prom dates. I saw him walking her to class and she kissed him right in front of me. I wanted to cringe. The two people that I loved the most were into each other. I was the odd person out. Nothing was going to be the same.

As upset as I was about their situation, I did switch places with my sister and take her exam. For some reason, I didn't think about having to pretend to be her around Stosh. He found me walking down the hall and grabbed my hand. I'd pictured it for so long and wondered what it would be like to have his large hand holding mine.

He kept looking at me and smiling, but didn't say anything. A few people passed us in the hall and he spoke to them, but not to me. When we arrived at my sister's class, I knew we had to say something. "Thanks for walking with me."

"It was my pleasure." He played with my bangs, causing me to blush. I was so hot for him but, I couldn't tell him.

I bit down on my lip. "Willow isn't here today."

"Really? Where is she?"

"She's not feeling well." It wasn't totally a lie. I felt like I was going to puke.

"Good thing she finished her exams. I just thought we could hang out in the library. Oh well, I guess I'll just take a nap."

I thought he was just going to walk away. I mean, he started to, but all of the sudden he turned around and pulled me into his arms. Butterflies filled my stomach as he closed his eyes and pressed his warm lips on mine. I would have been able to manage with just a peck, but it escalated quickly. His tongue intruded it's way into my mouth and found mine. I just couldn't help myself. I'd dreamed of kissing this fabulous guy for so long. I had to feel what it was like once.

I'd never seen him kiss my sister so intensely. He grabbed the back of the hair on my head and kissed me again and again. I never even noticed that the bell had rang until the teacher cleared his voice. "Do you plan on taking your final exam, Ivy?"

Stoshua pulled away, but not before placing a small kiss on my forehead. "It was worth it," he whispered before walking away.

I walked into the classroom with my heart beating out of my chest. From just one kiss, I'd fallen more in love with him. My sister was never going to forgive me and I didn't even care.

Well, I didn't care about anything Ivy related until I got home and heard her talking about him. She was all excited and trying on her dress for the twentieth time. "I can't wait until tomorrow. We're going to have such a good time. He's going to have a night he will never forget."

I was so jealous that I couldn't help myself. "We kissed today. He thought I was you."

Her eyes got huge and she walked over to me. "That's impossible. I talked to him right before he walked into school and told him I wasn't going to be there."

I was speechless. Stosh knew he was kissing me. Maybe I was wrong about his feelings. Maybe I really had a chance. "But, he..."

"He was probably just playing the part. He kisses me every day before that class. Wow, he is an awesome boyfriend, don't you think?"

She was oblivious to what I was thinking.

I didn't care what Ivy thought had happened. I'd felt the connection between us. It was real, I could have sworn it.

While I retreated to my room to relive the most magical moment of my life, I got a text from Stosh, saying that he missed me at school. It made no sense. Ivy swore he knew it was me the whole time.

Choosing to ignore him, I tried to stay in my room when he came to pick up my sister in the limousine. I didn't even want to peek out the window to see them together. It just hurt too much.

It wasn't until my mother came in and pulled me out to take pictures with them, that things got even more confusing. She positioned me on the opposite side of Stosh. When I felt his arm around my shoulder, the same sensations as before went running through my body. I looked up and saw him looking down at me, with a big smile on his face.

After a few more pictures, and me trying to hold my breath, I ran back into the house and never looked out the window to watch them leave.

My sister never came home that night. I knew what it meant. She's slept with Stoshua. My whole world was shattered. I hated her for being with him and she didn't even know it.

It took three days for them to stop talking to each other. Summer had begun and my sister never had a boyfriend during the season of bathing suits and beach weather. She could have cared less about Stosh and what they'd done at Prom. The pictures came and they were placed on the mantel with all of our other family photos. I hated going into the living room.

About five weeks after school ended, I found my sister in my room sitting on my bed. She was crying and holding something in her hand.

I sat down beside her. "Ivy, what's wrong?"

She sniffled and leaned her head on my shoulder. "I f**ked up. Dad's going to kill me."

"What are you talking about?"

She handed me the pregnancy test. "This is the third one I took. What am I going to do?"

That was the exact moment when I knew I'd lost him forever. I was speechless. All I could do was hug my sister, because my mind was on me never being with the only guy I ever loved.

After the truth came out, Stosh's family insisted on him doing the right thing by Ivy. They were married in a small ceremony at our church a month later. I remember it raining it's ass off and her hair getting messed up. In eighteen years, I'd never wanted my sister to suffer. Something had changed between us. I was done giving up things for her. I needed a new start, away from my sister and her new husband. They were going to have the family that I wanted with him.

I decided to take the scholarship that I'd earned to a college out of state. In fact, I'd already moved in when my mother called to tell me that Ivy lost the baby. Although I felt her pain, our time apart hadn't mended my heart. I had animosity toward my sister and knew that as long as she was with Stosh, I couldn't be around them. He and I stopped talking altogether. It was extremely difficult to be cordial when I heard about them.

In just a few short months, I'd lost my two best friends. I felt saddened and completely alone. Every second of every day, I'd always known that I had someone by my side. My whole life was immediately turned upside down and I couldn't deal with it. I had to get as far away as I could. I didn't care about anything anymore. Why bother, when you can end up losing in the end?

My sister and I kept in touch, but nothing was ever the same as before he came into our lives. She could never know what she'd taken from me. I loved her enough to never hurt her like that.

So I thought...

Chapter 2

The mirror has two faces.

I should probably explain the conversation that put all of this into play.

The call from my sister came around four in the morning. When my cell phone started vibrating across my bedside table, I should have known it was her. Since I'd left for college, she never called unless she needed something, or wanted to brag about her perfect life.

I shared a house with four other girls and our lease was up in one month. Since we'd all graduated, we'd already started packing up our things.

I attempted to reach for my phone with my eyes still closed, but ended up knocking it into a box on the floor.

The vibrating stopped and then started back again.

I finally felt it and pulled it out to see my sister's face displayed on the screen. I doubled checked the time before answering.

Hello?

It's me. I'm in trouble and I need you to come home.

Ivy, it's four in the morning. Call me back in a couple of hours.

I can't. Look I don't have time to explain. I need you to come here. Will, I need you to be me for a couple of days.

I sat up straight. Are you crazy?

No. I'm desperate. Please, Will. Please help me. She started to sob and I immediately felt sorry for her.

I'm not doing anything until you tell me what's wrong. Where's Stosh? Why can't he help you?

He can't know! He can't ever find out. That's why I need you to be me.

You're crazy. He's your husband. He's going to know I'm not you.

No, he really won't. We barely see each other. He is obsessed with work and doesn't pay attention to anything I do.

Ivy, this is insane. I have a life here. I can't just get up and be you. It's not feasible.

Will, I'm begging you. It's life or death.

What? What have you done, Ivy?

How fast can you get here?

She wasn't going to take no for an answer.

I don't know.

Will, please. I wouldn't ask you if it wasn't so important. Please. I have to leave today. I don't have a choice.

Her cryptic reasoning was making me worry. My sister was always an open book.

Ivy, if I drive four hours and this is over a past due electric bill, I am going to kill you.

Meet me at the airport at noon. I will explain everything.

You better!

She was still crying when we hung up. Something was wrong and I hated that I didn't know what it was. I felt like I wanted to call Stosh and ask him what was going on, but Ivy insisted that he couldn't know. I knew it wasn't my parents. She would have told me something like that.

Without knowing what could have been going on, I got out of bed and packed a bag. There was a chance that I'd be heading home once I heard her out.

I sucked down my latte as I headed toward the interstate. It was going to be a long lonely drive. Luckily, my vehicle had satellite radio. I hated commercials and needed my fix of nineties music.

I arrived into town a little before ten. There had been two accidents that caused major delays. Since it had been so long that I'd been home, I was surprised to see that the small town had built up. Convenience stores and fast food restaurants had been added, as well as a Super Walmart.

Since I was so early, I decided to get out at a local park and do my morning run. It usually took about an hour and it was a perfect day. Changing in my car wasn't so hard considering that I was already wearing a pair of yoga pants. I took off my flip-‐flops and put on my tennis shoes. After pulling up my long hair, I headed out to take in the fresh air.

This particular route of my run was a little scenic trail on the one side of our town. I ran past the high school and thought about all of the eventful moments that I'd spent there. It made me run faster, causing me to get out of breath much sooner than I was used to.

After getting myself so upset, I rethought my decision and considered turning around and heading back home. There was nothing left here for me.

Sure, I could move on easily. I'd dated in college and even had one serious relationship. Unfortunately, none of them gave me the same feelings that Stosh had given me when he kissed me. I know it was hard to believe, but I knew I'd been in love with him. My feelings were true and I wasn't sure if they'd ever be able to completely go away.

Now that he'd been married to my sister for four years, I'd spent that time being cordial with him on the phone. He would say hi, but our friendship didn't survive their relationship. I kept our conversations to a minimum and couldn't deal with hearing my sister go on and on about the little things he did that annoyed her.

I hate to say this, but I almost hoped that they would get an annulment just to calm the stake that was permanently being stabbed into my heart. I'd deleted my Facebook page, because I got tired of my sister posting statuses involving places that his parents and my parents were taking them.

Jealousy had gotten the best of me, that's for sure.

By twelve, I'd been sitting in my car, in the airport parking lot, for more than an hour. When I saw my sister pulling up, I knew that I couldn't turn my back on her, even if it was what I should have done.

It was just a couple of days.

What could go wrong?

When I first saw her sitting down, I could tell that she'd been through something. She appeared to have been crying for days. "Spill it, Ivy. I just drove all this way and deserve to hear what the hell is going on."

She covered her face into her hands. "You wouldn't understand. Can't you just take my word for it?"

"You're asking me to be you. Not only is it against the law, but I can't be someone that I haven't been around in years."

She ignored my comment and ran her fingers through my hair. "Our lengths are almost identical."

I pulled away from her. "Ivy, are you freaking serious? I can't believe I was so stupid."

She stood up and put her hands on her hips. "Will, please. I'm begging you."

"Do you even understand what you're asking me to do? I can't be you, Ivy. I can't go and pretend to be married to your husband. I don't know where anything in your house is and I sure don't know how to act around him. He will know."

She smiled, but somehow looked annoyed. "You don't know anything about marriage. Not only will Stosh not notice, but you may not even have to see him. He's playing cards with his friends like he does this same time every week. When he comes home he'll be so drunk he'll pass out on the couch. Tomorrow he has an appointment with a buyer out of town. He usually stays the whole night there and doesn't come home until lunch time the next day. He's got bowling the following night after work, so you'll be fine until I get back."

I hated that she'd planned this all out in her head, knowing I would come running to her rescue. I may not have been with her much in the past four years, but that didn't mean I wasn't bailing her out all of the time. It never failed. My sister was terrible with money. I was forever sending it to her. In fact, I think I'd paid her phone bill three times in the past year. She was so irresponsible. "I don't know..."

"Look, I don't have time to beg, Will. I need you, more than ever before. Just do this for me. I won't ask for anything else."

She sounded like a kid instead of someone who was twenty two. "Fine. I'll do it, but as soon as someone realizes that I'm not you. I'm out of this convoluted plan of yours, got it?"

She hugged me. "Thank you, Will. I knew I could count on you."

A short while later, I watched my sister wave good bye to me. She left me with her keys, her car, her purse, her cell phone and her wedding ring. She'd also called a local salon for me to have my hair cut and colored to match hers.

I should have known that she was going to extreme measures to make me look like her for a reason that wasn't good. She refused to tell me what she was involved in and I figured that the less I knew the better off I would be. As long as I didn't have to be around Stoshua, I knew I could get through the next couple of days and go back to my normal life.

Since I hadn't been in town in so long, it took me a while to find the house. They'd moved three times and were renting the pool house of someone my father worked with. It had a separate entrance and there wasn't anyone at the main house when I pulled in.

Their place was cute for the two of them. When I unlocked the door, the first thing I noticed was that the place was even cuter on the inside. Then I noticed how messy it was.

Ivy wasn't ever the kind of girl to keep her room neat and tidy. Her clothes were always thrown all over the floor and the bathroom that we shared was always a mess. As I walked around the house exploring, I felt like we were back at home. Dishes were in the sink, even though they had a dishwasher. Magazines were all over the living room floor and the couch looked like it was used for a bed instead of a place to sit down and relax. In the bathroom, there were more products than one could possibly use in one day.

There was no way I was going to be able to stay in this house without straightening it up. I started in the bathroom and then worked my way through, until the house was spotless. It also helped me manage some of my frustration for signing onto something so stupid. My sister was a grown woman. I never should have helped her with anything. It wasn't like I owed her. She owed me more than she'd ever be able to pay back.

After I had explored the house, including every closet and drawer, I sat down on the couch and watched television. My sister had assured me that I wouldn't see Stosh, so when I heard keys dropping on the table, I started to panic.

I heard him walk into the kitchen and open the refrigerator. "What the hell happened in here? I know you didn't do all this."

It wasn't how I imagined a husband greeting his wife. I watched him take a swig of beer, before emptying his pockets and walking into the bedroom.

He must have been shocked that I'd put all of his clothes away, because he peeked his head out the door and started to say something. I thought he'd figured it out without me even talking to him. After he gave me a questionable look, he smiled and walked back into the bedroom. I didn't know what to do, so I got up and looked for something to cook. My sister didn't have much. She never could cook anything.

I found a couple steaks, an opened package of bacon, half an onion and a can of beans. In the freezer was a pack of sausage and some frozen green beans. It was enough to work with.

While getting the steaks marinated in some red wine vinegar and Worchester sauce, I cooked the bacon up. After separating some for the beans and some for the green beans, I mixed in onions and sausage to half of it. When the meat was fully cooked and the onions browned, I poured in the can of beans. I fried the green beans in bacon and a few diced pieces of onion, while broiling the steaks.

It took me fifteen minutes to create a nice meal. Stosh came walking out with an empty beer bottle. He had a smile on his face, but still said nothing.

I didn't know what to do when he walked up and put his arms around my waist. I could feel his breath on the back of my neck as he kissed me there. "What's all this for?"

"I figured you'd be hungry. I know I'm starving." I was trying so hard to not look at him, but the more he touched me, the harder it was to attempt to ignore what was happening.

"I missed you." He kissed the side of my head before turning me around and pulling me into his arms.

"I missed you too." It was the truth. I'd missed him every day for four years. I could deny it to myself, but it would have been a lie. In a matter of a half hour, I was right back to being infatuated with him. The problem was that he was my sister's husband. He could never know how I felt or that I wasn't her. This was all pretend. He wasn't telling me that he missed me, he was telling her that.

He pulled away and looked me right in the eye. I tried to think of what my sister would say, except I was speechless.

"What do you want to do tonight?"

I shrugged. "Don't you have cards?"

Stosh ran one of his hands up my back over my shirt. "I could stay home. We could hang out. It's been a while since we've done that."

What was I supposed to say? How could I stand there and tell someone that I wanted to spend every second with, that he should get as far away from me as he could? I swallowed my pride. How bad could it be? It wasn't like I was climbing into bed with him. I didn't want to be second to my sister, but since he thought I was her, I wasn't doing anything wrong. "Okay."

He seemed shocked that I agreed. After taking a green bean out of the pan and popping it into his mouth, he kissed me on the nose. "Go sit down. I'll make our plates and meet you in the living room."

I smiled and made my way over there. A few times, I caught myself looking over at him, admiring how much he'd changed since high school. He was even more handsome as an adult. Stosh's hair had gotten darker and his face had more hair on it. He was still built well, just bigger. When he caught me looking, he winked at me. I turned my head and blushed like I was fourteen again. This wasn't like me to act that way. I was mature and handled my relationships with a keen sense of responsibility. Whatever was happening, I had no control over myself.

When Stosh came over with two plates and the bottle of ranch, I had to laugh. I'd put ranch on everything when I was a kid and so did my sister. My father would always tell me that I was ruining the taste of my meat. He didn't get it.

It was weird how Stosh watched me eat. Who was I kidding, everything was weird. This wasn't my life. Pretending to be my sister was only going to break my heart all over again. He was clearly in love with her. I just wanted to know what that felt like.

I should have got up and walked out of the house. Whatever my sister was involved in, it was her problem, not mine.

Still, after all this time, I couldn't tear myself away from this man. Even if it were only for a couple days, or one night, this was exactly where I wanted to be. I wanted to have my best friend back. I wanted to pretend that he'd never fallen in love with my sister.

I wanted to pretend that he was in love with me instead.

Chapter 3

Truth or Dare

After we ate, Stosh insisted on doing the dishes. I guessed that he was the one who did them every day. In order to keep up with pretending to be Ivy, I sat on the couch and pretended to ignore him. It was difficult. I'd been away for so long that I wanted to know what he'd been up to for the past four years. Surely, he'd have a lot to tell me. Unfortunately, I couldn't ask that, since I was suppose to know.

I'd stopped asking my parents about my sister years ago. When I had done it, hearing about them being so happy literally made me sick. I was so jealous of their life. Perhaps it was immature. I had run away from my problems, instead of facing them. She was my twin sister and I'd abandoned her.

I'd stayed away when they lost their baby. I hated him for not wanting a divorce. I hated them both for falling in love.

For years I'd wondered what she'd had that I didn't. We were identical. Stosh and I were friends, not him and Ivy. Why would he be friends with me if he wanted her the whole time?

Was he that shallow in high school that he had to pick the twin that put out?

It was all I could figure.

The thing was, I would have given him my virginity. I knew it then and I would still have felt that way if I was a virgin now. Them being together didn't just crush me as a teenager. Every relationship I'd had, I found myself comparing them to Stoshua.

When he came over and sat down next to me on the couch, I didn't know what to do. I had to focus on being Ivy. I looked around and thought about what she would do. Would she file or nails, or pounce all over his fine ass?

Knowing that the second choice was probably out of her idea of boundaries I couldn't cross, I decided to grab the fingernail file and start concentrating on them instead of the musky scented man sitting right next to me.

Speaking of his smell, I wanted to reach over and stick my nose right against his freshly showered skin. He smelled divine.

He cleared his voice after flipping through the channels. "Anything you want to watch?"

I shook my head. "Anything is fine."

He cocked his eyebrow and turned on a show on MTV. When he sat the remote down, it took me about five minutes to realize how much I hated the show. "You said anything."

"Well, I thought you'd want to watch something more educational." Maybe my sister had changed him.

He turned on some show on the National Geographic channel and got comfortable. After only seconds, we were both fully involved in the program. I caught him giving me looks every couple of minutes. At least if he figured out I wasn't Ivy, he wouldn't regret his actions too much.

The later the night got the closer his body ended up next to mine. Maybe I was inching my way toward him too. I couldn't help it.

Around ten, my phone vibrated. I leaned over and saw it was a text from Ivy. Of course, it said it was from Willow.

Are you bored out of your mind yet? -‐I

Actually, Stosh stayed home. We had dinner and are watching TV. Are you dealing with things? -‐ W

I may need you to stay longer. Things are bad. Does he know it's you? What is he up to? -‐ I

No, he doesn't know. What do you mean longer? I can't do this for long, Ivy.

He's going to find out. What if he tries to kiss me? I can't sleep next to him in bed. -‐ W

Oh stop! Stosh sleeps on the couch every night. If he kisses you, just kiss him back. He has to think you're me. Please do whatever you have to. My life depends on it. -‐ I

You're insane. I'm not kissing your husband! If you're in trouble, you need to tell me right now! -‐ W

Willow, I'm not saying you can f**k my husband. Just keep him happy. I have to go now. I will try to keep in touch. Love you. -‐ I

Wait! How long? -‐ W

She didn't answer.

"You okay, babe?" Oh, wow, he called me babe. Butterflies filled my stomach and suddenly he had all of my attention.

"Yeah, it was just my sister."

He chuckled. "How is your sister?"

"Same as always." How was I supposed to be?

He played with my ponytail. "Do you have plans for tomorrow?"

"Don't you have to go away for work?"

He shook his head. "Not anymore. I think I want to spend the day with the woman I love. Is that okay with you, or did you make plans?"

This man was so sweet. My sister was an idiot. "Yes."

His lips kissed my chin. I closed my eyes and tried to settle those butterflies again. I didn't know what I was supposed to do. I couldn't do this. I wasn't the kind of person to take advantage of people. She never even knew how I felt about him. Had she known, I wouldn't have been here alone with him.

"I'm getting tired. Maybe I should just get some sleep."

He stood up and grabbed my hand. "We can go to bed."

I looked down at the couch. "Do you need me to get your blankets?"

Immediately, he looked defeated. "I was thinking we could sleep together tonight. I haven't been drinking, so I shouldn't snore. Besides, I wasn't planning on sleeping for a while."

If it were up to me, and a perfect world, I'd have already been naked and in his arms. Except my world was far from perfect. He wasn't mine and I just wasn't willing to lose my sister completely. Sure, he'd already caused a strain in our relationship, but that would end it all. I was supposed to be here helping, not getting them divorced.

"I just started my period." It just blurted out of my mouth. I could feel my face turning a shade of red.

He laughed and brought my hand up to his lips. I watched him watching me. "If you don't feel good, we can just lay together. I just want to spend time with you."

As long as he knew that we weren't having sex, I could handle sleeping next to him. In fact, I was looking forward to it. He was secretly fulfilling a fantasy. As lame as it was, sleeping next to him was like a dream. It had to be enough, because it was all I was going to get.

I knew where my sister kept her pajamas, but unlike mine that covered my whole body, hers left little to the imagination. I felt embarrassed holding up the little bit of fabric. Stoshua pulled off his jeans right in front of me. His shirt was the next item to go. I couldn't help but gaze at his sculpted physique. His body was even more defined than I remembered. Before I even knew what I was doing, I found myself licking my lips.

When he caught me looking, he smiled and started to approach me. I grabbed a couple articles of clothing, without looking, and ran into the bathroom. With my back against the door, I looked down at what I had grabbed. It was just my luck that what I was holding couldn't even begin to be considered clothing. Everything was see-‐through. Panic struck and I didn't know what to do. Stoshua was expecting me to join him in bed. He wanted to wrap his arms around his wife and fall asleep.

I couldn't go out there wearing my clothes and I wasn't sure if I could put on any of the things that I was holding in my hand.

Knowing that I didn't have a choice, unless I wanted to come clean about who I was, I slipped on a tiny white number and stared at my reflection in the mirror.

I was surprised that I actually looked decent. In fact, I let my hair fall down my back and admired myself.

Stoshua knew my sister intimately. He knew every inch of her body. There was no outfit that was going to make him believe that I was his wife.

I was scared.

My sister would never forgive me if I messed things up for her. I had to do my best to convince him that everything was fine. After taking a few more deep breaths, I opened the bathroom door and found him already tucked into bed. He sat up when he saw me walking toward him. "You look so hot!"

I smiled and climbed into bed next to him. This was all so wrong. I knew better than to agree to something so scandalous. Still, I couldn't help myself. I was drawn to him. "Thanks."

I got comfortable on my back, staring at the ceiling, with my hands folded across my chest. Being in bed with Stoshua was harder than I thought it would be. He was right there next to me. I could have reached out and touched his chiseled chest. I could have ran my hands through his dark wavy hair. I could be pressing my lips against his.

But I didn't.

I remained still, just waiting for him to fall asleep.

"Do you love me?"

His words caught me off guard. "Yes." It was the truth. After all this time, after he'd married my sister, I was still in love with him.

I felt his hand running down my arm until it reached my fingertips. He intertwined his with mine and just held it. "Goodnight, beautiful."

Stosh started to snore shortly after that comment. I lay there wide awake, hearing him call me beautiful. I was practically naked in bed with him. We were holding hands and I wasn't about to let go. I had just a few days to be with him. It was important to my sister that I did whatever it took. I just wasn't sure how far I'd have to take things and if it came to being intimate, I didn't know if I'd be able to say no.

I woke up in the middle of the night. His arm was draped around me and his head was nestled into my shoulder. I couldn't help but take my fingers and run them through his dark hair. He didn't flinch, so slowly, I reached over and kissed him right on the lips. I left mine lingering over his. He was warm and I wanted nothing more than to kiss him like he'd kissed me years ago in the hallway at school. I'd spent many nights thinking about that kiss.

It was a good thing he didn't wake up.

I finally let myself fall back to sleep knowing that his body was against mine. It was good that it was dark in the room, because my smile was more than obvious.

I didn't know what my sister had going on. I had no idea where she was, or who she was with. All I knew was that she'd left me to take over her life in her absence. In order to become my sister, I'd have to become Stosh's wife. For some reason, it made what I was doing worth it.

When I woke up the next morning, Stosh was next to me with a smile on his face. He ran his fingertips over my arm, giving me goose bumps. "Good morning."

I smiled. "Hi."

"Are you hungry?"

I shrugged. "A little."

"Let's get dressed and go to breakfast."

It was my favorite meal of the day. "Okay."

"I want some French toast." He sat up in bed and grabbed his pants, before walking into the bathroom. Just when I thought he was getting in the shower, he peeked his head out of the door. "You going to join me, or what?"

Chapter 4

I'm bringing sexy back.

As much as I wanted to stand up and slowly remove my clothes, so that I could join his hot, naked body in the shower, I knew I couldn't. I already felt like I was stabbing my sister right in the back. Granted, she talked about him like he was a piece of crap and only really cared about herself, but he was still her husband. He'd made his choice and it wasn't my place to come between them; not that he would ever want me anyway.

I was just the old friend that he probably felt sorry for.

When he got out of the shower, I was already dressed and ready to leave. I couldn't stay in that bedroom for another minute, hoping to catch a glimpse of the water trickling down his sexy body.

Stosh drove us to a little place that was only around the corner. They served pancakes and pastries. I remembered my sister eating the Bavarian cremes, so I ordered one of those. Stosh smiled when he sat down with our food and coffee. He kept smiling as he watched me eating it. It wasn't bad, but it wasn't as good as the fresh apple critters that I knew they made. I watched Stosh eating one and I almost licked my lips twice.

"So, I was wondering if you'd want to go out on the boat?"

He had a boat? I'd never known that. "Alone?"

He reached over and grabbed my hands. "I just want to spend the whole day alone with you. Is that so bad?"

I shook my head. "No, it's really sweet. I guess I just didn't think you wanted to be around me lately. I, uh, I got the impression that we weren't on the same page." What was I supposed to say? I couldn't tell him that my sister had told me a whole different story.

He squeezed my hands and looked right at me. "The past four years haven't been easy for either of us, but I can assure you, we are definitely on the same page, babe."

Every time he said something nice, I had to remind myself that he was speaking it to my sister and not me. Still, hearing it made me smile. Knowing that I was going to get to spend more time together made me even more happy. "I'd love to go on the boat with you, Stosh."

He seemed so happy as we walked back to his place. For me, well, I was living a fantasy. When they say absence makes the heart grow fonder, I think they meant it. I was every bit in awe of this man, as I was when we were in high school. I wanted to be around him, spending every second watching him smile and enjoy himself. It made me happy to see him happy, even if that happiness wasn't really because of me.

Since I'd not known about the boat, I had no idea what to expect. When he started to tell me about how his dad had repaired some things, I remembered that they'd had a nice size boat. They use to take it out and spend the night on it.

I was going to be alone on the water with Stoshua Wheeler. It was horrifying.

I hadn't signed up for this.

As panicked as I was, I couldn't just jump out of a moving vehicle to avoid the elephant in the room. I had to stay focused and remember that I was Ivy, not Willow. "So, I'm sorry if I've been kind of distant lately."

"Lately? Try the whole time since the wedding." I wondered what he meant.

"Surely, I haven't been that awful to be around. Have I?"

He didn't answer as we pulled into the marina, but I wanted to know what he would have said.

His parents boat was nice. It wasn't huge, but it wasn't small either. When you went down underneath, it had a galley kitchen, with a table. A compact bathroom followed and then there was one bedroom. After looking around, I leaned back on the bed and saw him looking at me. "Did you bring me here to seduce me, Mr. Wheeler?"

He took one step forward, but stopped. "What if I did?"

I was at a loss for words.

What would Ivy say? "Are you hungry? I'm starving."

Yeah, I changed the subject. After I'd sampled his kissing, I knew talking about sex was going to cause me to crumble at his feet. I had to keep my composure.

Stosh made us a picnic top-‐side and we sat on the boat floor facing each other. He leaned over and fed me a grape. "You look so beautiful, sitting there across from me."

I could feel myself blushing. "Maybe it's the new haircut."

"No, you could be bald and still be as beautiful. It's not the hair, I can assure you." I think I saw him blush before he bit down into a sandwich.

"So, should I be worried you're going to throw me overboard in the middle of the night and leave me to the sharks?"

"Babe, there's no sharks in this river. You know I'd never hurt you like that anyway. I love you."

As much as I liked the way it sounded coming from his mouth, I felt repulsed.

He should have loved me. This should be my life and not hers. My next sentence escaped without me being able to rationalize it away. "What ever happened between you and Willow?"

He shook his head and started laughing. "I'm not going to discuss that with you, babe. Not here. Not now." He leaned over and tried to kiss me, but I instinctively pulled away. "What's wrong?"

I shrugged. "I don't know. I guess I just feel like I want you to answer."

"After all this time? What does it matter? Why do you even care?" He seemed like he was getting annoyed.

"Never mind. You're right. It isn't important." Yes it was!

We finished eating in silence and he got up to start the boat's engines. I felt relieved that the conversation was over, but scared that we were going out into the open water alone.

Don't get me wrong, if I died at any second, I'd die a happy girl. He was here with me and not Ivy. Temporary or not, he was mine.

Here was the biggest problem with pretending to be my sister. I envied her life so much, that I was starting to consider what it would be like to take it for myself. I wanted to know what it would feel like to touch his naked skin, to lay naked in bed next to him and to make love with him.

Maybe my time away had changed me from a caring person to the devil himself. At any rate, the more I thought about walking away, the more I wanted to stay.

We spent the day heading out to sea. It wasn't hard considering we lived right outside of Middletown Delaware. We were practically surrounded by bodies of water. It took us about two hours to get to the mouth of the Chesapeake Bay. Large cruise ships and shipping freighters shared the water with us.

We spent the day fishing and bathing in the warm sun. It was the perfect day, and as the sun started to set, he wrapped us up in a blanket and watched it go down with me in his arms.

How could I not be in love with this man? He was damn near perfect.

Did I feel bad for pretending to be my sister?

I was starting not to.

"This is amazing. Thank you for bringing me out here."

"I used to like it when we hung around and watched movies all day. Things were easier back then. There was no work and no drama. Now, I go to work and come home. My days are busy and I spend my nights trying to forget about my days. After a while the monotony drives you insane. I tell you, I just need a damn break from it all. I want to do something different than what I'm doing. I don't want to rent a pool house for the rest of my life. I want a house full of kids and to be able to coach them in sports and take them to Disney World."

I heard everything he said, but only one sentence stuck in my head. I remembered watching movies with him. It hurt to think that my sister took that spot next to him on the couch. She'd taken everything we ever did and made their memories better. I was always pushed to the side, with everything I tried to do. Maybe that was why I took the academic route. It was the only thing she had no interest in. I couldn't blame her for falling for Stoshua. He was an all around amazing guy. He was into sports, but equally into academics. He was brilliant and gorgeous. I couldn't have been the only one to notice.

Shouldn't I be glad that he was somehow always going to be in my life? Had I wasted so many years of being a part of their lives over something that was just an adolescent action?

I looked over at Stosh. He took his arm and pulled me closer. We stared into each other's eyes. As much as I wanted to be the better person, I couldn't imagine not having him for myself. In one selfish move, I leaned up to his mouth and kissed those perfect lips. While our physical contact became downright involved, I had not one single regret. In fact, my sister never even crossed my mind.

After several minutes of tasting every inch of his tongue, I pulled away. We kept looking at each other. It was so intense. "I love kissing you. I love everything about you. I know you want to walk away from this. You think I don't want you, but you're wrong. I want you, babe. You're all I want."

It was too much to hear. I'd switched back to Ivy and realized that he was talking to her. He was so in love with her that this was an attempt to get them to reconnect. I was giving him false hope at reconnecting with his wife. It was wrong on so many levels and it made me feel like shit inside.

I got up, out of his arms. "I need to use the bathroom. Be right back!"

I hurried into the small bathroom and buried my face into my hands. The tears were falling and I didn't know what to do. Ivy was my only sister. I couldn't do this to her. Even if she didn't want to work things out with him. I could never be with him. It would never work.

Knocking caught me off guard. "Babe, are you alright?"

I wiped the remaining tears off of my cheeks. "I'm fine. Just needed to freshen up."

"I'm going to start cooking the chicken. You sure you're alright?"

"Yeah. I'll be out in a second." I leaned over and washed my face, before looking at myself in the mirror. I had to decide whether to be Ivy or my self. Without questioning my sanity, I grabbed my phone out of my pocket and dialed my sister. It went right to voicemail. I called back again and this time she answered.

Hello?

Hey, it's me. Listen, things are getting intense and I don't know what to do. He brought me on his parent's boat to try and work things out with you. What am I supposed to do now?

Great. I can't believe it has taken him this long to admit what he wants.

Ivy, can you please just help me here?

Oh yeah, sorry. I guess you're going to have to keep him happy.

What are you implying?

For Christ sakes Willow, I told you to do whatever you have to. Look, Stosh and I aren't exactly on the same page.

What are you saying?

You're a grown woman. Figure it out! Please don't call me unless it's an emergency. Gotta run!

I found Stosh standing over the stove. He was preparing a nice salad in a large wooden bowl. He heard me walking up behind him and he leaned back to kiss me on the cheek. "There you are. I thought you got lost."

I tried to smile. "I knew where I was."

We both laughed.

"Would you mind setting two places and pouring us a glass of wine?"

I opened the refrigerator and pulled out a bottle of red wine. It was weird how my sister liked the same brands as me. We'd always been that way. I'd once saw a picture of her on Facebook and she was wearing a jacket that I had just bought. Since we didn't even live in the same state, I knew she'd gotten in online.

Once the table was set, I handed Stosh his glass and he tapped it against mine. "To us."

I smiled and thought about what that meant. "To us!"

The night was still young and the elephant in the room was getting restless.

I kept seeing that saying in my mind 'The truth will set you free'. It wasn't setting me free. It was making me go crazy.

Chapter 5

Sexual Chocolate and Rainbows and Sunshine.

After eating dinner, and finishing off two bottles of wine, we were both feeling the effects. I wasn't belligerent. In fact, I knew exactly what I was doing. Things were just way more relaxed.

It was a good thing that I'd never ran out of things to talk about with Stoshua. To keep up with the charade, I sat across from him, discussing the economy and what it would be like to live in another country. I felt comfortable, like nothing was going to happen to jeopardize anyone's relationship. That was until he brought out a bag of chocolate covered strawberries.

"Look what I found in the refrigerator." He smiled, so big that creases on either sides of his cheeks looked like dimples.

"I think you put them there." I grabbed the bag and read that they had been soaked in liquor, before being dipped in chocolate. My eyes got big as I looked up at him.

He put his arms up surrendering. "Maybe I did."

He grabbed the bag and pulled one out, taking a bite, before putting it up to my lips and waiting for me to respond. The way he watched me was so intense. I never took my eyes off of him as he fed me.

He licked his lips, so I licked mine.

His face got closer, but our eyes never closed.

I felt his mouth touching mine.

My eyes closed and he swept me away with his erotic kisses. I felt his hand grabbing the back of my head, so I grabbed his. Our tongues stroked and mingled together. Our warm, wet kisses were just the beginning. His hands went right for my tank top and I didn't stop him. I needed to feel them on my skin. I felt him sliding them up to my ribs and right under my bra. He pulled his lips away from mine, but only to start kissing over my neck. I put my head to the side so I could feel his lips working their way over every part of it.

I grabbed his shirt and balled the fabric into my fist. The more I tugged, the higher his shirt lifted. With little effort, he pulled on it from behind, in between kisses, and removed it over his head.

I paused for a moment and looked at his chest. A little patch of hair sat at the top. I ran two fingers over it, learning how he'd turned from a teenager to a grown man. He wasn't just sexy, he was tantalizing.

I was on fire for this man.

He looked into my eyes as he grabbed the edge of my shirt. Moving as slow as possible, he lifted the tank over my head. I didn't feel shy or embarrassed. All I felt were the butterflies fluttering inside of me. I'd waited and wanted. This was my chance.

I stood up and unhooked my bra, twirling it around in between my fingers. He leaned back, but went right for the button to my shorts. I took a step closer, so he didn't have to reach so far. He pulled both my shorts and my underwear down to my hips and pulled me close enough so that he could kiss me there. I watched his lips trail from one hip, across my abdomen, then to the next hip. I could feel the tingles all the way up to my ni**les. In fact, they hardened immediately.

I bit down on my lips and watched him tug them down another couple of inches. Thank God I'd shaved everything when I grabbed a quick shower before we left. That would have been so embarrassing.

It wasn't like I'd had anyone to impress. It didn't look like I was an Amazon woman, but it was still in need of attention.

My bottoms were just at the base of my pu**y. His tongue licked the skin right above it. I ran my hands through his dark hair and threw my head back. I hadn't been touched like this in a long time.

Actually, I don't know if anything had ever felt this way before. This was different. This was Stoshua.

He pulled my bottoms off of me, allowing me to step out of them, then he pulled me back down to kneel in front of him. He pushed the hair away from my face. "So beautiful."

I was completely naked in front of him, feeling warm and free from the alcohol. He grabbed another strawberry and took a bite before feeding me the rest. Our next kiss tasted of fruit, but was even deeper than the first.

"Tell me you want me." He requested.

I did want him. I wanted him more than I'd ever wanted anything in my life. "I do."

He took my hand and ran it over his trunks. "Feel how much I want you."

He only had to move my hand across it once, before I slid it down the front of his shorts. He was so warm, so smooth, so hard. I gasped as I got my hand around his girth. He groaned when I began to massage it with one hand.

I licked my lips again, salivating at just the idea of having it in my mouth. I wasn't promiscuous, but I wanted this man. I wanted to feel his smooth shaft against my lips as I took him into my mouth. I needed to have him. I wanted him inside of me.

His head leaned close to my ear. He kissed it before speaking. "I'm so in love with you."

Then I just froze.

I was kneeled in front of him, with my hand down his pants and all I could think about was him being married to my sister. They'd said vows. He was in love with her. This whole day was about them working things out.

What kind of person was I?

I stood up and grabbed my clothes, covering myself with them, the best I could. "Oh God! I can't do this."

"Babe, wait! Where are you going?"

"Stosh, I'm so sorry. I never meant for it to go this far. I swear."

He tried to grab my arm, as I began putting on my clothes. I was already crying, desperately trying to figure out how I was going to explain myself to Ivy. I was supposed to be keeping everything in order while she was gone, not seducing my way into her husband's heart, making him think I was her. I hated myself. "Can you just hold on a minute. We're on a boat."

"You need to take me back to shore, Stosh. Trust me, this was a huge mistake."

When I had my shorts up and my bra hooked, he spun me around and held my arms with both hands. "Is this because I said I loved you?"

I shook my head, but continued to cry. "You're never going to forgive me for this. I'm so sorry. I'm an awful person." I pulled out of his hold and started to go down toward the galley. I just wanted to lock myself in the bathroom until we were back.

"Willow, wait!"

I froze, halfway inside and yet still topside. I said nothing, thinking I just imagined it.

I could feel him standing right behind me. "Please don't walk away from me." He sounded like he was about to bawl.

I turned slowly, looking him right in the eyes. He was breathing heavy and his eyes were intensely staring right at me. "I meant everything I said."

"I don't understand." I took one step back.

He took one step forward. "You think I can't tell the difference between you and Ivy? I've been in love with you since the first day I saw you. The two of you may be identical, but there's nothing about you that's the same to me."

I just kept looking at him. I felt like I was in the Twilight Zone. "How long have you known?"

He chuckled. "Since I walked into a clean house." He took one step closer. "Since you cooked me the best home cooked meal that I've had in years." He took another step closer. "Since you sat there watching a channel that your sister can't stand." He took one hand and ran it down my arm. "Since you put ranch on your steak." He brought my hand up to his lips. "Since you ordered that doughnut, when you wanted my fritter."

"You were testing me?" For just a second, I felt played. Sure, I was pretending to be someone else the whole time, but it still rubbed me the wrong way. "Why did you let me keep acting like her?"

"Would you have spent time with me, if you knew I knew? Would you have let me kiss you?"

That tingly feeling overwhelmed me again. I thought about all of the places that his lips had been. "I..."

"Willow, more than anything, I knew it was you the first time I kissed you yesterday. Nobody has ever kissed me like that, except you, in the hallway when we were in high school. I know you remember it."

I didn't know what to say. "I don't understand." I had to sit down, because I was feeling like I was going to pass out. "Please tell me what's going on. You're married to my sister. I can't be with you, Stoshua."

"You want to though, right? You want to be with me?"

I wanted to answer him, but this was wrong in so many more ways than me just pretending to be Ivy. He hadn't even asked about his wife. "Do you know where Ivy is?"

He shrugged. "I don't care." He sat down beside me and leaned in, like he was going to kiss me.

I pushed him away. "I care!"

He laughed at me. "Will, you've been gone for four years. Your sister hasn't changed a damn bit. She's a manipulative bitch. Did you think you were really here to help her?"

"She said she needed my help. She said she was desperate." Now I really wanted to know why she'd asked me to come. What was he not telling me?

"She needs help, but it isn't something you can do. That bitch is mental. She thinks she can control people like they're her puppets." I could hear the hate in his voice.

"Stop saying that! She's your wife. You loved her and you married her. I know it, because I was there!" I pointed right at him. "I won't let you say these lies about her."

He shook his head and looked away. "I should have known you'd act this way." He got up and walked away.

I sat there in the pale moonlight and tried to gather my thoughts. I thought about all the things that he'd been saying since we'd been together. He was talking to me the whole time. For so many years, all I wanted was to be his.

None of this made sense. It was too much to take. I felt like I was in the middle of a web of lies.

I found Stosh sitting on a cushioned bench at the bow of the boat. He had a bottle of liquor in his hand and was looking out at the water. He didn't even look my way as I approached him. "If you came over here to bitch me out, save it! I'm not in the mood, Will. I can say I'm sorry a million times, but you're never going to believe me. I know I f**ked up." He took the bottle and threw it out as far as he could, then put his hands over his head and looked down.

What was I supposed to say when I had no idea what was going on?

I wanted to know the truth.

I wanted to know where my sister was and why she'd asked me to come.

How did he know me so well? Why did he do all of those tests?

Why did he say all of those things?

Why did he say he loved me?

"I think you need to tell me everything."

He looked back at me and I could see the pain in his eyes. "Why? It won't change anything. I'm married to your sister remember? I'm a f**king horrible person!"

"I never said that!" I reached for him, but he pulled away.

"You didn't have to say it, Will. I can see it in your eyes."

I threw my hands up. "I don't get you. You played me for the last twenty four hours. You knew it was me, but let me think I was..."

"You were Ivy. Yeah, I did that. It was only so I could spend time with you. I knew you wouldn't stay if I told you. I knew you wouldn't be here with me right now. You're too good of a person, too good of a sister to be with me. I get it, okay!"

He stood up and started walking away from me, leaving me standing in the same place without any explanation of what was really going on.

I put my hands on my hips. "You don't get to do this! You don't get to be mad at me, Stoshua. I came all this way to help my sister, not be caught up in some game that the two of you are playing." I was getting angrier by the second.

"This isn't a game! Not anymore!"

Chapter 6

Dirty Little Secrets and Liars Unite.

He wasn't going to let me walk this time. I knew it because he grabbed me by the arm and made me look at him. I was so hurt and confused. There couldn't be a reason that I would be able to forgive him. He'd purposely betrayed my sister and so had I. I felt wretched inside.

"Will, I swear that I've thought about you, every minute of every day. I know you don't believe that, but it's the truth."

I shook my head. "This isn't happening. You picked her, Stosh! You picked my sister. I was right there, waiting for you to want me. Your decision crushed me. I left because of it. I left because of you!"

I knew my words were hurtful, but it was the honest truth. I didn't get how he was going to stand there professing his love for me when I'd watched him choose my sister. His put his hands up. "This is so f**ked up!"

"Yeah, it is." I wiped my tears away. "Please, just take me home."

He scrunched up his face and nodded. "If that's what you want."

I refused to look his way. "It is!"

A couple minutes later, I heard the anchor being pulled up. He was cussing under his breath as he walked over and started the engine.

My body was profusely shaking and I had no idea what had just taken place. I wasn't sure whether to drink more wine, or crawl in a ball and cry. I was a wreck.

It was so dark out on the water and after about thirty minutes, we got to an area where there were no other boats. I was randomly watching out the small window.

I saw him coming underneath, even before he spoke. "Will, I can't do this. I can't take you back without you hearing me out."

He sat down across from me and put his hands on his knees.

"What could you possibly say to make any of this better. I almost slept with you. Do you have any idea how bad that could have been?"

He let out an air filled laugh and scratched his head. "Actually, I think it would have been epic."

"Shut up! My God, I can't believe that I've been in love with such a douche for all these years." My eyes went right to him, as we both realized what I had said.

"So you admit it?"

I threw my hands up. "It isn't like it was a big secret."

"Bullshit! That's where this whole thing began. If you would have been honest about it, we wouldn't be sitting here arguing."

I was getting angrier by the second. "Oh yeah? Where would we be?"

He shook his head. "I don't know. I guess married, with a couple of kids. Or maybe we'd be graduating college together. You know I never wanted to be a part of my father's business."

"What did you say?"

"The part about the business?"

I shook my head again. "No, the other thing."

"I said we'd be together. You'd be my wife, because that's how it always should have been. It's always been you, Willow."

I don't know whether the moment was just too intense, or his words melted my heart, but I threw myself at him. My arms flew around his neck and I just hugged him as tight as I could. I couldn't control the tears that were falling down my face and I don't think I even cared. When I felt Stosh's arms wrapping around me, I knew he was telling me the truth.

He grabbed my face and held both hands on my cheeks. "I can't imagine what you must be thinking, but I can assure you that I didn't know. I didn't know how you felt about me, not until recently."

I pulled away. "What do you mean?"

He touched my lips with his fingertips. A single tear fell down on his cheek. "Please kiss me. Even if you hate me, right now. I just need to feel your lips on mine, one more time."

I leaned in slowly and let my lips touch his. I held them there, letting the room fill with emotions. "Talk to me."

He grabbed both of my hands and looked down at them. "I really did fall for you that first day we met. There was just something about you. I mean, you were the whole package. You were beautiful and brilliant. You knew what you wanted in life and I admired that nothing could stop you from getting it."

I was blushing, hearing him put me on a pedestal. "I appreciate that you noticed me. Nobody ever noticed me."

"Are you kidding, Will? Everyone noticed you. They were just too afraid to approach you because you were so out of their league."

"Yeah right." They thought I was a nerd.

"Okay. You weren't the one who had to hear about it every time I went into the locker room. I think the whole football team wanted to nail you." He rolled his eyes, like hearing it annoyed him.

"Yeah right. They made fun of me."

"Who told you that?"

"Who do you think." Ivy told me everything. We were best friends. We talked about everything.

"Yeah, well you can add that to the list of lies." He started picking up and putting the leftovers away in the refrigerator.

I walked over and stuck a plate in the sink. "What are you talking about?"

He turned around and wiped his hands off on a dish cloth. "Your sister is a liar, Willow. If you knew the web she's spun, you'd never be taking up for her."

I put my hands on my hips. "You're just saying that."

"No, I'm not. Sit down and I'll give you a hundred reasons." He was scaring me. Surely he couldn't have a hundred reasons for me to hate my sister. He had to be the liar.

"No! She wouldn't. Ivy's a lot of things, but she's not a liar!"

"Wake up, Willow! She's the f**king Devil!" He picked up a plate and slammed it down so hard it shattered inside of the sink. Then he held on to the edge of the countertop like he was trying to control his anger.

I tried to touch his shoulder, but he pulled away. "Obviously, she's done something to anger you."

"That's not even the half of it." He turned around and looked at me, but didn't touch me. "I could tell you what I know. I'm sure there's more. Hell, I just found out about some of it this past week." He grabbed a beer out of the refrigerator and handed me one. "I don't know if you like beer. I should, but that was taken away from me too."

He walked back up top-‐side. I followed close behind him. As much as I was confused and angry, I was also curious. If my sister was lying, I deserved to know. I had to be there to take up for her when he tried to drag her in the mud behind her back.

We sat down across from each other. He drank half of his beer while never taking his eyes off of me. I played with my bottle, peeling the wrapper off. "I'm listening."

He started laughing. "Have you ever felt sorry for someone, so much that you want to be the one to help them?"

I shrugged. "Yeah, I guess. I mean, I do save my sister whenever she calls."

He made a sound and shook his head. "Not after tonight." He took another drink. "Everything changes tonight!"

I cocked my eyebrow. "Are you going to explain why you think that?"

"Do you remember when you saw me with your sister before Prom?"

When he shattered my heart? Yeah, I remembered it in detail. "I think so."

"She told you we were going together. I never asked her to go with me, Willow. I gave her a letter that I wrote for you. I wanted to ask you to Prom, but I couldn't find the words. You were so determined to stay focused on school. You never talked about Prom or any other dance. So, when your sister laughed in my face and read the note in front of me, I felt like a fool. She said you told her that I'd never be anything more than a friend. She said you weren't attracted to me and that I didn't have a chance with someone like you. She said you didn't like jocks and that dating was the last thing on your mind."

I started shaking my head. A new set of tears filled my eyes. "She wouldn't! I mean, I didn't tell her I liked you, but I didn't want her to know."

"Why?"

"Why what?"

"Tell me why you didn't want her to know. Better yet, let me tell you why I think you didn't tell her. I think you were afraid to tell her because she always had to have what you had. I think you were afraid she'd try to take me for herself."

What a douche. "Do you hear yourself? You're making it sound like you are royalty."

"Would you just listen?" He sat his beer down and grabbed my hands again. I started to pull away, but he held them tighter. "You know I'm right. Trust me, I've lived with her for four years. All she does is take what she wants."

I gritted my teeth. "Fine. Say that was the reason. It still doesn't explain why she would do that. She didn't even know."

"I thought about her motives, too. I guess she could have had two reasons. She could have just wanted to sabotage your chance of happiness before you could have it, or, maybe she knew how you felt without telling her. I think she did it to spite you."

I stood up, pulling my hands away from him. "You're an ass**le!"

He chased me to the front of the boat. When I was cornered, I had to turn around. "Take me home or I swear I will jump and start swimming."

He just stood there. "You wouldn't!"

I climbed up and steadied myself to take the leap. I was so angry at him for accusing her. I couldn't see his sincerity. All I saw was him trying to swoon me into believing she could be so evil.

I felt him grab me and throw me over his shoulder. I kicked and screamed, but he refused to let me down. Once we were in the bedroom, he tossed me down onto the bed and climbed on top of me. He was intent and I was afraid. I'd never seen him look the way he was. He grabbed my arms and put them above my head. He straddled me with his heavy body. I couldn't move.

"Let go of me, Stosh. You're scaring me!"

"I don't have a choice. You won't listen. Why can't you just hear me out, Will?"

I realized he wasn't going to get up unless I agreed to listen to him. I didn't think he was going to physically hurt me, but I was a little concerned about his motives. "I'll listen."

He leaned down and kissed me, holding his lips over mine. I turned to the side to break away. I hated that he was in total control. It was like he brought me here to take advantage of me. I was alone and nobody could help me.

Was this the same man that I had always been in love with? Was he capable of being someone else? Maybe my sister was running from him.

"I never agreed to go to Prom with your sister until she started crying, saying that she didn't have a date. She said we should go as friends. She told me it would make you jealous and make you want me. My stupid ass believed her. I was willing to pretend to be with her, if I had a chance to be with you."

He finally sat up and stopped holding me. I didn't try to move away from him, though. "That kiss outside of Biology?"

"I knew it was you the whole time."

The butterflies were back. Unless he was really a twisted person, his story was making complete sense. I'd always wondered why he'd kissed me. It wasn't to put on a show for the teachers. He wanted a chance to kiss me, not Ivy. "That's why she wasn't mad when I told her?"

"Now you're catching on." He smiled, like he had finally made some ground.

"It doesn't explain how she ended up pregnant. Obviously you liked her enough to sleep with her on Prom night." Saying it out loud was like a nail being slammed into my beating heart.

He scratched his head. "Willow, I don't remember that night. I remember being at the dance and us being invited to the party. I hated being there with her, so I started drinking heavily. The next thing I know, it was morning and she was asleep next to me with no clothes on. I felt horrible for what I'd done. I swear to God that I never wanted to be with her." He started to laugh a little, which was weird, considering we were talking about something so serious. "It turns out, that I never did. She staged the whole thing as another notch in her ultimate betrayal."

Even I started to laugh. "Is this some comic? Ultimate betrayal? I can believe that she did the first things, but this is going a little too far. Are you trying to get me to forgive you or something?"

He got up off the bed and paced. "I knew it would be too hard for you to understand. I didn't want to have to show you this. It's going to hurt and I don't want you to feel that way."

He pulled out a little brown book. I recognized it immediately, because I'd gotten the same one as her one Christmas. "She didn't?"

He slid it over toward me on the bed and sat down on the edge. "Willow, I have never lied to you. I meant what I said earlier. I've never stopped loving you. I can't change the past four years. I am responsible for those years. Had I have known what was really going on, I never would have let it happen. I never would have married her and promised to take care of a child. I would have spent every single second doing whatever I had to do to make you fall in love with me. It was all I wanted. It's all I still want." He kissed me on the top of my head and stood up. "You're going to be reading for a while, so I'll be outside when you're ready to talk. Please keep in mind that I was also a victim in all of this. I hope you don't hate me too much. I'd at least want to be your friend, if that's all I can be. I've missed you like a fat guy misses a hamburger."

I started to laugh. "I missed you, too."

He walked away, leaving me staring at the book.

I traced Ivy's name on the front and the words 'keep out'. Obviously, Stosh wanted me to read it. It felt wrong, but I had to know the truth, no matter what it was.

I took a deep breath and opened it to the first page.

Chapter 7

Back Stabbing Bitch.

We got the little books when we were fourteen, so the first couple pages were her complaining about her hair and talking about crushes she had. It wasn't until I got halfway in when things became apparent.

Jan 26th

Once again my parents praised Willow for her perfect report card. Do they even pay attention to me at all? I kept my room clean for the whole month and they never even walked inside. Of course, little Mrs. Perfect got to go out to a fancy dinner at the country club with dad for getting straight A's. Can't they see that I need help with my school work? I guess they only need one child to make them proud.

Feb 10th

My sister is so oblivious to life. She hides behind those books, like she's too good for everyone else. Now she's all up in that new guy's ass. They make me sick, smiling at each other the way they do. It's so damn obvious they want each other. If that dude thinks the Virgin Mary is going to give it up, he's going to have a shriveled up dick while waiting. PATHETIC. That's what they are!!!

I was already crying after reading just those two. I couldn't believe she was saying those things about me and then acting like we were best friends.

April 15th

Shoot me now! I hooked up with someone at a party and I can't remember which guy it was. Randy is hotter, but Ben is built better. I wouldn't want to date either of them exclusively. Shoot me now!!

Why does this always happen to me? I didn't even drink a lot. Maybe I shouldn't have taken the ecstasy. My period is due in two weeks. Hopefully I get it and this nightmare will be over with. My parents will kill me if I get pregnant. They offered to get my sister an apartment at college, but haven't offered me shit. I can't wait to get out of this Hell hole. I will find a way.

April 27th

I have got to figure out how to get away from this cesspool of ass**les. It's exhausting trying to pretend that I give a damn. Now I know why kids scheme to kill their parents. I'd do it myself if I wasn't scared that they've left everything to Willow. It's apparent who their favorite is, so clearly they'd leave me on the street. The sad part is that Willow would feel sorry for me and share. Why does she have to be so pathetically sweet? Ugh! I hate her so much!

May 20th

I am so sick of hearing about my sister getting into her dream college. Gag me please. The worst part is that she doesn't know if she wants to go. She says she doesn't want to leave me. I just want her gone! I am so sick of living in her shadow. I want my own life.

May 22nd

Something amazing happened today. Willow won't know what hit her. I'm going to get that little bitch for everything she's ever taken from me. When I'm done with her she'll leave and never come back. The best part was that I didn't even have to look for it. It came looking for me.

May 23rd

Can this guy be anymore lame? I mean, who wants a guy that acts like an old man. He actually opened the door for me. We aren't even really dating. He thinks I am letting him date me to make my sister jealous and like him. What an idiot.

I will never forget the look on her face when we told her we were going to Prom. She looked like she was going to throw up.

I hope she did. She deserves it.

I wish she didn't exist.

She gave me some excuse for not wanting to go to Prom, like she was too good to be acting like a teenager. Gag me! I hate her so much.

May24th

Hearing my sister cry herself to sleep, never gets old. That's what she gets for making me cry myself to sleep for years. She doesn't know what it's like to hear her own parents saying that she'd never amount to anything.

She's so upset over this guy. Soon, she will pack her shit and leave. My plan couldn't have worked out better. Only a few more little details and I'll be waving goodbye to that bitch once and for all.

I slammed the book shut and began to bawl. Everything I ever knew about my sister had been a lie. She'd set me up and watched me fall. I'd never felt so much hatred in my entire life.

Stosh must have heard me. He came running in and wrapped me in his arms. "Willow, I'm so sorry, babe. God, I'm so sorry." He rocked me back and forth as I let out all of the pain and frustration. I felt like I'd been abandoned. Everything that I ever thought was true had been a lie.

"How could she do this to me? What did I ever do to deserve this?" I could barely talk, but somehow he understood me.

"I asked myself the same thing."

There was nothing he could say that would help. He just held me and let me cry. We'd both been betrayed by my sister. She'd cost us our future together and we didn't even know it. I couldn't believe that I knew someone that was that vindictive.

A little while later, after I'd cried so many tears that I didn't think I had any left, Stoshua got up and got me a drink. I sipped the water slowly, feeling like I was going to throw up.

"You're going to be okay." He tried to assure me.

"I appreciate that you think that, but everything that I've ever known about my sister has been a lie. I shared everything with her and she pretended to care. I should have known. I should have done something. She blames me for everything."

I looked over at the diary. He saw what I was doing. "How far did you get?"

"The night before Prom." It was hard to talk about it, without getting choked up. A couple more sobs escaped.

"You don't have to read anymore tonight." He grabbed my hand.

"Why didn't you tell me about this when you found out?" He should have called. He should have told me right away.

"I guess I didn't want to try to explain on the phone. You wouldn't have believed me anyway. Besides...," he pulled my hand up to his lips and placed small kisses over my knuckles, "I think it worked out better anyway. You're here, with me. This is where you belong."

As much as I wanted to know more, it was finally sinking in that we'd been kept apart. I was tired of hurting and I knew one thing that would take my mind away from all the pain. I looked up into his eyes, while he kept kissing my hand. "Make love to me, Stosh."

He stopped kissing my hand and slowly sat it back down on the bed. We stared at each other for a few seconds. "What about the diary?"

I grabbed the book and tossed it across the room. "What diary?" I pulled my shirt over my head and watched him do the same. It had only been a couple hours ago that he had me naked. I wanted to be that way again.

This time, we didn't take our time.

I'd waited close to five years to feel his naked body against mine. Nothing was going to keep us from being together. Clothes flew around the room as they were ripped off of our bodies. Our kissing intensified the more naked we became. We rolled around the bed, like we were wresting. His sculpted body felt smooth under the palms of my hands. His ass was a masterpiece to hold. It was both muscular and soft at the same time.

The more I touched, the less I needed to know. I was memorizing every inch of his body like it was a textbook.

He held my hair back with his hand and pulled me forward. I fell on the bed on top of him, while never taking a break from his hot kisses. His tongue was like a drug. The more it teased me the more I craved. I couldn't get enough of him touching me, watching me, seducing me.

He let go of my hair and put both hands on my ass. With slow movements, he started guiding my ass to grind over top of him. We both made sounds as the friction turned us on even more.

I sat up, letting my natural br**sts free for him to see. I ran my hands into my hair as I rocked back and forth. He held my hips and slowed my pace. "I've waited a long time for this. I'm not about to go fast with you, Willow. I want this to last all night. I want you to think about being with me every time we're apart. I want you to need me, like I've needed you."

He didn't know how much I already needed him. I became his puppet and he was my master. He was in control and I wasn't afraid. I knew I was going to love it, because I already loved him.

When Stosh picked me up and carried me top-‐side, I wasn't sure what he was thinking. He sat me back down, on the blanket where we'd been sitting before. The night sky was the only light out on the dark sea.

Stosh kneeled down in front of me, taking my hand and kissing his way up one of my arms. I watched his every move, making sure that I held every single kiss in the most sacred part of my memory. This was real and it was happening. I no longer had to lay in my bed and imagine being with him. I was experiencing it for myself.

He lifted my arm and placed it on his shoulder. I ran my fingers in his wavy hair. He smiled and met my lips halfway between us. While still touching his mouth to mine, I felt him loosen his lips. "I never thought we'd be like this."

"Me either."

He kissed my neck, then down to my br**sts, taking each one into his mouth. With every touch, I felt like my heart was mending. I forgot what had brought us together, because it didn't even matter. We were overwhelmed in each other, soaking up our emotions in our love making.

Every kiss, every touch was euphoric. He made his way down to my waist and continued on his journey until he reached my eagerly waiting pu**y. I gasped when he kissed me there for the first time. His tongue became a tool, never running out of batteries. His rhythmic tongue set a pace as it put just enough pressure on my tiny bud. It didn't take long for me to cry out into the dark of the night.

I grabbed at his hair, holding him against my sex. He continued licking me, even after I'd stopped panting. I'd never had such a powerful orgasm. It made me feel lightheaded and I wasn't even standing. I began to tremble and, as he continued kissing me down there, I cried out even more.

Finally, when I couldn't take it anymore, he wiped away my juices with kisses that trailed up to my mouth. I tasted myself on his lips and it turned me on, knowing where he'd been.

I cleaned off his chin with my tongue, savoring the taste of what he'd done to me. The butterflies were still there, reminding me that this was different than anything I'd ever experienced with another man.

Shortly after my body relaxed, Stosh took his time, sliding inside of me. I would have returned the favor, but he was too involved to stop. I took deep breaths letting my walls adjust to his size. It fit like a glove, sliding the right amount of intensity to feel perfect. Our moans echoed off the still water. He felt so good, going in and out of me.

We changed positions, with me sitting on his lap. I wrapped my arms around his neck and rocked my body around. He seemed to enjoy the way I moved my hips. He grabbed the cheeks of my ass and used his strength to steady a good pace.

My ni**les hardened as they rubbed over his hard chest. I leaned into kiss his lips, and tease him with my tongue. Then I leaned back, showing him the way my own stomach muscles looked as we made love.

There was nothing that could stop us, short of the boat sinking, and that wasn't happening. We were completely alone and together as we should have always been. I finally understood why he'd wanted to bring me out into the middle of the open water. I appreciated the way everything was playing out. It didn't matter what the next day would bring. I wasn't going to be alone anymore. No matter what I had to do, I was going to be with him.

We made love for hours, taking breaks when we became out of breath and going back at it after resting. We couldn't get enough of each other and I think we both knew that as long as we were making love, we didn't have to worry about anything else.

There would be consequences for what she'd done to us.

I was ready for them.

I think we both were.

Chapter 8

You were my idol. I wish you were dead.

I'm not sure exactly what time it was. I woke up wrapped in a blanket, in Stosh's arms, on the floor of the boat. The wind was brisk and the once calm waters were a bit more rough. I sat up and looked around, before standing up and going beneath to use the bathroom.

I hadn't meant to stop in the bedroom, but I wanted to grab our pillows. I made it halfway to the door when I tripped over the diary. My stomach dropped when I thought about the things my sister had said and done to me. I felt betrayed in the worst way.

This was someone that I would have given my life for. I'd given her an organ if she needed it. I would have done anything for her.

How could she hate me the way she did? How could she want to sabotage my life? Who does something like that? Who did she think she was, playing God like she was allowed to?

I didn't even know her.

I certainly didn't like her.

I picked up the little book and opened it where I left off.

May 25th

Prom day baby! I am so excited. There is a killer party tonight. Stoshua won't know what hit him when he wakes up tomorrow. Everything is going as planned. Soon, everyone will think the baby I'm carrying is his. It will not only destroy my sister, but it will kill my parents. This couldn't have worked out better.

I put my hand over my mouth, because her world started to nauseate me.

I couldn't stop reading.

May 26th

Just got home from a night I won't forget.

I could tell Stoshua hated himself when he woke up next to me. That poor guy didn't even realize that nothing happened between us. He believed every word out of my mouth. What a loser!

Soon, I can tell the family that the child I'm carrying is his. I can't wait to give them the horrible news.

It will be the best day of my life.

June 7th

We graduated!

Yay me!

I won't have to share the car anymore, because my dad is planning on getting the princess a new one. She still thinks she wants to stay home. I can see it on her face when she looks at me. She hates that I had him and she didn't. Little does she know, that I didn't even want him.

Her little pathetic pity party is about to begin. I can't wait to watch her fall off her pedestal.

June 20th

I couldn't wait any longer. They all know.

Fake baby daddy told his parents. He wants to do the right thing by me.

I got my ticket out of here and I couldn't be happier.

He's going to take care of me and the baby, while we stay home and pretend to like him. He never has to know the baby isn't his.

My sister is a mess. I heard her crying again. I think she may have thrown up. I stayed on the other side of the door smiling the whole time.

She's finally in Hell, where she belongs.

June 22th

Willow is leaving town. She made the announcement to me in private, but I made sure to pass it along to Stoshua. He seemed equally upset. He's even been drinking. I guess he's trying to numb the pain of losing his chance with her. They'll never be together now. That makes me so happy.

July 2nd

I got married today.

It wasn't perfect or even what I'd imagined. My ass looks fat and I can't stand Stoshua's cologne. He keeps telling me that he'll try to be a good husband. He apologizes for loving her. The irony in that is fantastic.

July 14th

Willow's gone! She's gone off to school and to start her new life. I pretended to be sad, but I was partying inside.

August 27th

Last night I had a miscarriage.

Stoshua stayed by my side.

He seemed broken up about it.

My parents came to the hospital, but the princess never showed. I thought she'd come, but she never did.

I feel alone. I'm stuck in a marriage with someone I loathe. He's my only way out, though. I can't go back to that house. I'll never go back! I guess I need to pretend to love this guy and get knocked up again. The sooner the better.

I heard Stosh clearing his voice and looked up to see him leaning against the doorway. He was completely naked with a concerned look on his face. "I thought we agreed to not deal with this shit until tomorrow?"

I tossed the book to the side with shaky hands. "I couldn't help it. I had to know."

I thought about how he felt when he read that he'd never slept with her. "How far did you get?" He sat down on the bed next to me.

"The miscarriage."

He laughed and shook his head. "Yeah, the jokes on me! I can't believe it. I feel like a f**king fool, Will. I knew I wouldn't have slept with her."

I grabbed his hand and traced the palm with my fingertips. "She needs to pay for this."

"Don't stoop to her level. You're not that person, Willow."

"I, at least, need to tell my parents. They should know what she's capable of. If she has this much animosity towards me, I can't imagine what she's planning on doing to them. They don't deserve it either."

He played with my hand, before looking right at me. "Let me ask you something. She writes about things she overheard your parents saying. Is there a chance that maybe they treated you differently?"

I shrugged. "I guess she could have perceived it that way. I mean, I always got praise for my hard work, but it was only so that I would continue to do well. I think they did it to make her try harder. They'd never pick favorites like she's saying. It's ridiculous."

I didn't know the person that had wrote in that diary. She wasn't the sister that I'd loved since birth.

"We need to head back today."

I nodded. "Okay. I know you have to get back to work."

He smiled and leaned over to kiss me slowly on the lips. "I don't want to go anywhere, but the longer this goes on, the worse it's going to get. She's up to something. She wouldn't have gone to extremes to get you here if she weren't. We need to be prepared, Willow."

"For what? What can she possibly do to us?" I didn't understand. I got that they had to get a divorce, but what wasn't he telling me?

"Willow, I've been married to your sister for four years. At first it was just an arrangement, but at some point, before I knew what she'd done, we tried to build a relationship. We...we did what married people do." He looked so disappointed in himself.

"Stosh, I know. I don't hate you for that. You did what you thought was the right thing." Just the thought of him being intimate with her made me cringe. It wasn't anything new. I'd thought they were together after Prom. For some reason this was a little easier to take. "It doesn't change the way I feel about you. I've been with other people, too. If we're going to be together, we need to live for the future and leave the past behind us."

He stood up and started walking around the room, scratching his head. "I want to be with you. I just don't see it being easy. Have you even considered what our parents are going to say? Ivy will make them all hate us. Are you willing to give up your parents to be with me?"

I opened my mouth to answer, but my cell phone started to ring.

We both looked at each other. "It's her. What do I say?"

"She doesn't know I have the diary. You have to make her think everything is fine. Tell her you're miserable."

I let it ring four times before I picked up.

Hello?

Will, it's me. How are things going?

I guess they're fine. He sat me down last night and talked about us not being on the same page. I guess you were right when you said things weren't good.

Well, what did you say? Did you tell him you still want to be together?

Of course. He drank a few beers and passed out. I guess he didn't want to talk about it anymore.

Stosh was in the corner winking at me. I could hardly contain myself from laughing.

Change of plans, sis. I need you to do whatever it takes to get him back in good graces with me. I don't care how far you have to go. Do you get what I'm saying?

You want me to sleep with your husband? What if he doesn't want to sleep with me?

I had to cover the phone so she couldn't hear me laughing. Stosh got down on his knees and started kissing my inner thighs.

Jesus! When do you guys get back?

Today.

I have hot outfits in my dresser. Seduce him tonight. I can't lose him, do you understand?

Yeah, I get it. I just don't think I can go through with something like that. I can't just sleep with someone for the hell of it.

Please! She started to cry. I wouldn't ask if I wasn't desperate. I am hoping to be back in two days.

Just hurry up. I should have never agreed to this.

I will be back as soon as I can.

I tossed the phone on the bed after she'd hung up. "She thinks we haven't been together, but she wants me to try and sleep with you."

He kissed my neck. "You don't have to try. I'd give you anything."

"Aren't you curious to know where the hell she's at? What kind of wife wants someone else to sleep with their husband? She claims to know how we felt about each other, but she's purposely pushing us together. Do you think she's had a change of heart? Maybe she's trying to make it up to us?"

He stopped kissing me and placed the palm of his hand on my cheek. "I doubt it. You need to read the rest of the diary. You need to know everything, even if parts of it hurt you even more. I don't want secrets between us."

"What are you talking about? Why would I be mad at you?"

He picked up the diary and kissed me on the top of the head. "Just remember that I've only ever truly loved you. The words mean nothing without the actions."

He left me sitting there, wondering what was happening. I was more afraid to open the book than ever before.

Feb 11th

Things have finally calmed down. My friends have gone off to college and I'm stuck in marriage hell. I can tell he's as miserable as me. He puts on a fake smile and pretends to be happy, but I know a liar when I see one.

I can't go back to my parents, so I need to do whatever it takes to make him happy. It's time I started trying to be a real wife.

Feb 14th

I gave Stosh the best night of his life. He's sleeping like a baby next to me. I know he liked it, because he went down on me for a good half hour. He couldn't get enough of my sweet pu**y. At least he's good at something. I wish my stupid sister didn't delete her Facebook page. I'd love to rub that shit right in her face.

She says she met someone and they're serious. Who knows with her? I guess I don't care anymore anyway. I stole the guy. He's eating out of the palm of my hand. As long as he's willing to do what he did last night. I think this arrangement can work out.

March 26th

Stosh took me out to my favorite restaurant. For the past month, we've been a real couple. I think he's really falling for me and maybe I'm falling for him too. I can see why Will loved him. He's kind and generous and well endowed. Good thing he's all mine.

April 7th

We talked about getting pregnant again. I think I'm ready. We've been so happy and I know we can make a beautiful family. I'd never pick favorites with my own children. Stosh will be a great father. I'm so in love with him.

She didn't write anything until that following June.

June 13th

We took the test this morning. He held me in his arms until both lines filled that little stick. It's too soon to tell the family, but I've never been happier. Maybe all I needed was to feel loved. I know I was wrong for the way I stole him away, but I don't regret it. He's everything to me.

I was vomiting in my mouth reading about her devotion to Stosh, so I ignored the next few months.

Sept 1st

We spent the night in the hospital. The doctor said there was nothing he could do. Our baby is gone and my chances of having another baby are slim to none. He suggested we look into other options for conceiving. Maybe this is what I get for being an awful person. Maybe I don't deserve to be a mother.

Stosh is a mess. I saw him crying when I was supposed to be asleep. He wanted that baby. He wanted our baby. My heart is broken. I just wanted us to be able to love something together. I wanted to give him something that nobody else could.

I never even knew she was pregnant again. How sad! I had to skip a few months to read anything worth mentioning.

Dec 24th

I found out that Willow isn't coming home for Christmas. Part of me actually wanted to spend time with her. It's a shame that I don't want her around Stosh. I don't trust her with him. She's had too much time to think about what she wants. What if she wants my husband? I'd kill her before I let her touch him. He's mine! She'll never have him! NEVER!

I had to take a break. I was both disgusted and enraged. My sister didn't know what love was. My heart hurt when I read about her miscarriage, but I didn't feel sorry for her.

I flipped through a few more pages, going almost a year ahead.

Oct 22nd

Stosh didn't come home last night. I think he found out what I was doing at my new job. I could have sworn I saw his car in the parking lot. He doesn't understand that I'm just dancing. I'm not a whore.

His drinking is getting out of hand. Most nights, he passes out on the couch. We barely speak. It's the reason I got the job in the first place. I needed my own money.

I miss him. I just don't know what to do. How do I save my marriage?

The next couple months were all about her trying to be a perfect wife, so I passed through them with just a glance.

Dec 31st

Apparently, the key to my husband's heart starts in his dick. We rung in the new year in bed and vowed to try harder in our marriage. He finally told me he loved me. I haven't heard it in so long. He repeated it over and over, saying I was the best he's ever had. It made me feel whole again. I love that man.

I skipped through them being all happy and in love. It was enough to make me want to puke all over the pages.

April 6th

I can't believe it. How could he do this to me? How could he sleep with that little bitch? He thought I was working. He brought her to our house and f**ked her in my bed. I heard him telling her he loved her. He said she was the best he ever had. I wanted to kill them both. I've never felt so betrayed. My life is over without him.

She didn't write in her diary for a whole month.

May7th

I can't be sure, but Stosh says he ended things with that business associate. He's been coming home on time every night and attending church with me on Sunday's. Maybe I'm trying too hard, but it can't hurt. I just want what we had back. I don't want to lose him.

I skipped through the amazing sex they shared together. That was nothing that I wanted to read about.

Sept 1st

I took Stosh's phone when he was asleep. I found a video of him and that women he'd had the affair with. They were naked in the shower. Doesn't he realize that I depend on him? I have nothing without him. How can I stay in a marriage if I can't trust him? I don't know what to do.

Sept 4th

I slept with my boss last night. He bought me a necklace and told me he would give me the world if he could. He'd been begging me for months. I only did it to get back at Stosh. When I came home the next morning and told him, he begged me for another chance. Maybe the video on his phone was old?

Now I know how to get him to love me.

I skipped through more pages.

Jan 19th

Stosh made me quit my job. He said he would buy me a new car if I stayed home and focused on becoming a mother. I went to the doctor and he told me that I'm never going to be able to carry a baby full term. What am I going to do? How do I tell him that? He's going to want to leave me. I have nothing to offer.

She never talked about anything for two more months.

March 9th

I've devised a plan to have a baby with my husband. It's going to take a couple months to put together, but we'll have a baby. I'm still not sure of the details, but hopefully things will work out. I'm going to have my happily ever after, no matter what I have to do to get it.

That was the last entry. I'd skipped many other entries, but those weren't pivotal. My sister was sick. She needed help.

It took a while for me to take in everything I'd read. Stosh was no longer the innocent man that I'd fallen in love with. He was flawed. He'd cheated and had an affair. He'd told lies and lived a secret life.

It was hard to think about.

I had no choice, but to find him and talk about things. We still didn't know what my sister was up to. I had to know how he felt about her. Was he just with me to get back at her? All these questions filled my mind. I was so confused.

Chapter 9

A large pizza and a slap in the face.

We didn't get home until dinner time. I refused to talk to Stosh about the things that I read, until I had time to think about how I felt. Parts of his past hurt worse than others. He was only doing what he felt was right by my sister. I didn't blame him for having an affair, but I didn't like that he'd said the same things to both girls. It made me question his feelings for me, even though I felt like he was being sincere.

By the time we pulled up at his place, he couldn't take my silence anymore. "Last night was the best night of my life, Willow. I've waited so long to be with you. I know you're disappointed in me. I don't blame you. Please, just don't shut me out." He grabbed my hand and waited for me to respond.

"I'm a grown woman, not a child. I don't regret anything we've done. Last night was perfect. I just need to know...do you still love Ivy?"

He put his hands on the steering wheel. "I never loved her like I love you. I swear to God!"

"It's not a competition. Obviously, she's in love with you. We have no idea what she's up to. I just want to be prepared." I felt like I was in the wrong place at the wrong time. They needed therapy and divorce papers.

"I have no idea what she's up to. I can't believe you asked me that. Do you really think I'd love someone that lied and cheated and kept me away from you? I tried to be married, to do the right thing. It didn't work. I slept with that other chick to get caught. I figured it would get me out of my marriage. Instead, it made her try harder."

"How did you get this diary?" I held it up.

"I paid some kid to break into her car when I took her to the mall. We came out and everything was missing, including her hidden things in the trunk. She has no clue I have it."

I couldn't help but laugh. "What happened to the innocent man I fell in love with?"

"He grew balls. I want out, Will. I need to get away from her. Why do you think I never bought a house? I don't want her name on anything."

"I read the entries about when you were happy together."

He looked down, like he felt ashamed. "There was a time, briefly, when I developed strong feelings for her. It's true. I got to a point where I just wanted to move forward with my life. She loved me and wanted to be with me. It just made sense since we were already married."

I held up my hand. "You don't have to explain. I said I got it and I do. I'm sure it hurt to read all the shitty things she wrote about you. I don't blame you for hating her. As mad as I am, it's hard to imagine hating my sister. I mean, I'm in shock, but I'm not a fool. I see what she's capable of. I just feel like when I was reading the parts about her falling in love with you, they seemed real. It just proved that she still has a heart."

He gave me a strange look. "What are you saying?"

"As much as I want to be with you, I think we should wait. Who knows what she has up her sleeve. Each time she calls, she begs me to do whatever it takes to keep you happy. Why else would she want me to go to extremes?"

He took the keys out of the ignition and looked around, before opening his driver's side door. "Let's finish this inside."

I carried in my own bag and sat it down by the door, while I watched him head into the bedroom. The sound of the shower running let me know what he was doing. I thought about joining him and feeling his warm body making me forget everything again.

I just couldn't shake the feeling that something bad was going to happen.

While Stosh showered, I ordered us a pizza. I knew he'd be done before the delivery man showed up, but I sat in the living room anyway, just in case he drove at the speed of light.

Stosh came out of the bedroom in a pair of shorts and nothing else. He still had a couple drops of water on his chest. "We should order a pizza or something."

"I already did."

He liked the way I was looking at him. He looked down at his chest and then back up to me. "See something you like?"

"I do."

He sat down beside me and played with the collar to my shirt. "You should have joined me in the shower." His lips were cold and wet and I could taste the water from his shower. I pulled away before I lost control. "What's wrong?"

"We need to chill out until I can figure out what she's up to. She asked me here for a reason. What was your schedule like before you knew I was here?"

He shrugged. "I play cards with the guys and I always go out of town for work the next morning. Why?"

"She said that, but when she called and found out you stayed, she changed things. She told me to do whatever I had to do to keep you happy. She told me to sleep with you if I had to."

He leaned in and kissed me again. "That can be arranged."

I pulled away again. "Please stop. I'm worried."

He stood up and walked over to the windows, closing all of the mini-‐blinds. "Is that better?"

"She has a key to the house. Even though she gave me her set, I'm sure she can get in. She probably hid a spare somewhere."

He approached me, breaking the distance between us. I didn't have time to think before his lips were on mine. I didn't fight him, instead, I kissed him back, letting him know that my feelings hadn't changed. It was so hard knowing that they'd made love in this very house. I thought about him whispering sweet nothings to her. I wondered how she responded. Did he ever think of me when he was with her? Did he imagine she was me?

He leaned his forehead against mine. "Let's just leave. We can pack our bags and get out of this town."

"I don't even live in this town. If you weren't married to my sister that might work. I just got a good job where I live. If I work hard I can earn promotions. I can't leave. I start in a week."

"I can come there."

"She'll follow us." I shook my head. "I don't know what's going on, but I don't want to be involved in it. I have a good life."

"What about us?" He looked upset.

"There can't be an us, until you're free of her. You know that."

He sat down on the couch and ran his hands through his hair. "I didn't expect this to be so difficult. Do you even want a future with me?"

I reached over and grabbed his arm. "Of course I do. It's just, too much to handle right now. I just learned that my sister sabotaged my life. She's got a vendetta against me and my parents. I can't worry about my love life until I know what I'm dealing with. Had you not married her, we wouldn't be dealing with this right now."

He walked into the kitchen and grabbed us both a beer. "I'm a victim in all of this, too, Will. You act like I wanted this to happen."

A knock at the door caught us off guard. "It must be the pizza guy." I went for my purse, but Stosh grabbed his wallet and met the guy at the door. He sat the pizza box on the kitchen table. "Pineapple and ham?"

I smiled and met him at the table. "You know it. I never eat a pizza without it."

He opened up the box and grabbed us each a slice. "It's good to know that some things don't change."

I sighed and thought about being with him. Truthfully, it was all I ever wanted. There had to be a way for us to be together. I couldn't give up when my heart wouldn't let me. "If I could stay here with you, I would."

He sat down his pizza and reached over the table. "When is she coming back?"

"As early as tomorrow." It hurt me to say it out loud.

"Then spend the night in my arms, where you belong. She's kept us apart for too long. I'm not willing to let you go yet."

Me leaving was inevitable. We still didn't even know what my sister was doing. She was up to something. I had to know what it was. Stoshua may have wanted to get out of his marriage, but I wanted to figure out how I was involved. Maybe we could both win, if we were patient enough. "I'd love to stay with you tonight, Stoshua, because Joshua was taken."

He shook his head and laughed. "You remember that?"

"I remember everything when it comes to you. I always will."

He got quiet for a second, like he dazed away. "I don't want to have to wait long to be with you everyday. I can work from home. We can live wherever your new job is. Just tell me you'll consider it. Tell me we have a chance."

I picked at my pizza. "I hope we do."

"You don't sound convinced that it could happen." I hated to see him look confused. I can't imagine what the last couple months had been like for him. I understood why he hated her so much. There was just pieces to the puzzle that made no sense.

"Baby steps, Stosh."

We dropped the topic of being together, probably because I was just so unsure. He was sick of hearing me say the wrong things. He didn't understand that my heart had always belonged to him. Something was just off. I needed to figure out what it was.

A little later, after the sun went down, we cuddled up on the couch. He had his arms around me and held me tight. I kissed him with passion and let my lips linger over his. "Make love to me."

He grabbed my face with both of his hands and held them there as he kissed me slowly. "My pleasure."

We went slowly, removing one article of clothing at a time. He carried me into the bedroom and laid me down on his bed. I tried not to think about what he'd done with my sister there. It was hard not to picture it. Of course, it only made me want to try harder. I had this idea that I needed to be the best. I wanted to be unforgettable, so that he never had regrets. I teased him with my tongue, sliding it all the way down to his stiff erection. My palm massaged his balls, while I took his girth into my mouth. He closed his eyes and held onto my head as I used my mouth to pleasure him. My other hand jerked the bottom of his shaft. I got a rhythm going between my hand and my mouth. He started moving his hips as he got closer to exploding. I bobbed my head up and down harder and faster. The more I worked, the louder he moaned. He held my hair and pulled it as he held my head still. I tasted his release on my tongue and swallowed his whole load, before licking my lips and looking into his eyes. I kissed the tip and smiled.

"Wow!"

He pulled me up and kissed me. I backed away, not understanding that he could actually want to kiss me after that. But, he did. He kissed me hard, like he wanted to eat me. I loved how erotic it seemed. I grabbed at his shoulders and dug my nails into his back. He reached down and used his fingers to penetrate me. I could tell how wet I was. Sucking him off turned me on and I was ready to do it again. I enjoyed feeling his soft foreskin against my lips. Our tongues brushed and teased, while his thumb rubbed hard against my clit. My body began to buck. I filled with emotional bliss as I felt myself letting go. He pulled his fingers out of me and licked them while I watched. "Promise me, that whatever happens, you'll come to me for an explanation first. When Ivy finds out that you know, she'll make me look like the bad guy."

"I promise. I won't let her keep you from me, Stosh. Not this time!"

Chapter 10

You are dead to me.

It was hard for me to think about walking away from someone that I'd fantasized about being with my whole adult life. It didn't help that he was everything I imagined and more. Stosh had swept me away in just two short days. There would never be enough time for me to be able to walk away from him and not be a mess over it.

We made love all night, never taking each other for granted. He invaded my soul and I let him. I memorized the musky scent of his skin and the way he felt against my fingers. We laughed together, and even cried together, knowing that I wasn't going to be able to stay. As much as we tried to not think about it, I knew it was on both of our minds. I had to keep telling myself that it wasn't forever. When the smoke cleared, we'd be together again.

Nothing was going to stand in our way this time.

In the middle of the night his phone rang. I knew it must have been important, since he hopped out of bed and went running into the living room.

I tried not to listen, but when he didn't come back for five minutes, I started to worry that something bad happened.

I walked into the living room and saw him sitting there. He was holding his phone with his hands over his face. I rubbed his back while sitting next to him. "Are you alright?"

He shook his head but wouldn't look up.

"Stosh, please talk to me. What is it? Did Ivy call you?"

He shook his head again. "I can't tell you. You won't understand."

I grabbed his hand, but he pulled away and walked into the other room. It was important for me to give him a few minutes to calm down. Whatever happened, had really gotten to him.

I noticed his phone was still on the table. It was wrong for me to grab it. I shouldn't have done it, but I couldn't help myself.

I opened up the newest message. It was from the number that Ivy had been calling me from. My heart started beating so fast that I thought I was going to pass out. I had a feeling in the pit of my stomach that whatever it said was going to devastate me.

I opened up the message and saw a picture. Stosh was between my legs, on his bed. The picture looked like it was taken from the window. I put my hand over my mouth, shocked that she had been watching us.

I hope you enjoyed yourself. Did she taste as good as me? Remember what we agreed upon. See you tomorrow. Xoxo

I dropped the phone on the table, causing a loud bang.

Without even thinking about what I was doing, I ran out of the house in my underwear. To say that I was hysterical would have been an understatement. I was so distraught that I didn't even realize I had made it halfway down the long driveway.

I heard Stoshua calling my name, but I refused to turn around. He'd shattered my heart worse than the first time. Tripping wasn't in the plan, but I fell to the ground hard. Pain ripped through my chin and the palms of my hands stung, as if the skin had been scraped off. I felt strong arms pulling me up. "You're bleeding!"

"Screw you." I flung myself off of him. "I saw the message."

"Let me explain." He tried to grab me again. I pulled away and started running, but I wasn't as fast as he was. He grabbed me again and forced me to stop. "I know you're mad. Just, please, let me at least take you where you want to go. Please, Willow."

Knowing that I wasn't dressed, and I had no vehicle of my own, I agreed to let him drive me to my parents. From there, they could take me to my car that was parked at the airport, in the morning. All I wanted to do was get out of there.

After getting my things together, I met Stosh in the car. I refused to look at him and I was crying too hard to hear what he was blabbing about. I couldn't believe he'd used me.

Thankfully, my parents only lived a couple blocks away, so I didn't have to be with him for very long. He reached for my arm when I was climbing out. "Willow, wait! Please let me explain."

I pulled away from him and slammed the door shut. "I have nothing to say to you. You took something beautiful and turned it to shit. You two deserve each other!"

I walked toward the house and never looked back at him.

By the time I'd made it around back, where my parents always hid the key, I heard him peeling away from the curb. I grabbed the key, but sank down in a chair by the pool. I didn't care if I spent the night out back of my parent's house. I just didn't want to be near him.

How could he have done that to me?

Why did he say those things to me, when he didn't mean them?

Why did he show me the diary, if he was just going to break my heart?

None of it made sense.

I continued crying, losing myself in an emotional breakdown. I never should have come home. I should have ignored her calls.

I should have stayed far away from her husband.

All they'd ever done was hurt me.

I heard laughing and someone approaching me. There was no reason to turn around, because I knew exactly who it was. "I was wondering when you'd show up."

I lunged toward her, shoving us both into my parent's in ground pool.

"I hate you! You took everything from me, you stupid bitch!" I shoved her under the water, but she was just as strong as me and she took me with her.

We wrestled under the water, until we both needed to take a breath. She came up in one direction and I came up at least five feet away.

She kept backing away from me until she reached the ladder. I watched her climb out of the pool. "You deserved it! I've waited forever to see the perfect princess fall. They'll never forgive you now. You'll be forever tainted in their eyes."

I climbed out on the other side. "Who?"

"Mom and Dad. They've been comforting me since I found out you were having an affair with Stoshua. They've known about it for days."

"That's impossible. I never heard from them. Mom would have called."

"I have your phone, remember? It's too bad you ignored her calls. I think she really wanted to let you have it. Don't worry, I saved the messages. I recall one saying that no daughter of hers could ever stoop so low."

I was flabbergasted, enraged, heartbroken and alone. How was I supposed to give up everything. It was bad enough that my sister had betrayed me, but now she'd told my parents a bold faced lie.

I'd only come back to town because she desperately needed my help. Stoshua had nothing to do with it. What happened between him and I wasn't planned. Not on my part. "This is insane. They won't believe you!"

She started laughing. "I assume you saw the photo? Where do you think I got it?" She laughed harder. "Dad hired a PI. He sent dad the text a couple hours ago. That was all the proof they needed, being that I was here with them the whole time, crying because of what the two of you had done to me."

I ran after her, knocking her onto the ground. My hands were wet, so the sting of me smacking her face must have hurt. I didn't care. I kept hitting her, taking out all of my frustrations on her face.

She tried to cover herself. "Stop! You're hurting me!"

"Screw you! Screw you for all those things you said about me. I never did shit to you! How could you ruin my life on purpose? How could you take him away from me?"

I felt someone pulling me off of Ivy. She wiped the blood away from her mouth and laughed again. "I'm glad you know the truth! Take your cunt ass out of here and never come back!"

I didn't know who had me by the arms, but I tried to lunge at her again, failing completely. "I hate you! I wish you were never my sister!"

"I don't care how you feel. I have the life you wanted. Everyday, you're going to want to be me. Take that and shove it up your nerdy little princess ass, Willow!"

At first, I thought it was my father that had a hold of me. I knew it couldn't be my mother, since she was smaller and not as strong. When I turned and saw Stosh, I said nothing. I didn't know why he was there, but I didn't care either.

He and my sister could have each other, for all I cared. They were both dead to me. "I did everything for you! I walked away so you could be happy. I covered for you our whole lives and this is how you repay me?" I was sobbing so hard that I wasn't sure they could even hear me.

"Cut this shit out, Ivy! This has gone too far." Stosh was obviously defending me out of pity.

Her eyes got huge. "Now you're taking up for your little conquest? Does she know how I lured her here so you could f**k her? Does she know that it was all part of my plan to ruin her?"

"Shut up! I've had enough!" I could see the blood boiling inside of him.

It didn't matter that he was attempting to take up for me. Nothing he could say would make me forgive him. He was playing a losing game.

"If you leave, you'll be sorry. Remember what I told you, Stoshua. I meant every word."

His grip loosened and finally he let go. "The keys are in my car. Take it wherever you need to go," he whispered so she couldn't hear.

I didn't thank him for the gesture, instead I hauled ass out of my parents yard. I drove his car straight to the airport, where my car was still parked. I didn't care about my bag of clothes, or my cell phone. I just wanted to get the hell away from all of them.

Before I could drive home, I sat in my car and let out the pain. I cried harder than ever before, only stopping to catch my breath. They betrayed me. My sister had ruined my chance at happiness. Stosh had slept with me, filling my head with false hope. It was too much to handle.

I couldn't even call my parents for support. They thought I was a home wrecker.

I had no one to talk to. I was all alone, just like Ivy wanted.

I pulled her phone out of my pocket and threw it against the ground, smashing it into a million pieces. I didn't care about getting in touch with any of them. If she needed her phone, she could buy a new one. My days of doing her favors were long gone. I no longer had a sister.

When I finally got home, I was so exhausted that I landed in my bed and fell right to sleep. I was glad about it, since I didn't want to have to think about them. The next day, I remained in my room. It took me three days to call the phone company and report my cellphone lost. I received a replacement on the fourth day, but kept it turned off. I didn't want to listen to the messages, or take any phone calls.

My new job had been postponed. I was still weeks away from starting and I wasn't in any condition to do it. I cried all of the time, especially when the animal shelter commercials came on the television.

Even my friends couldn't get me to talk. The less I said the less it hurt. I just wanted to move forward. Talking about it, would only hold me back.

By the forth week, I was a force to be reckoned with. I focused on packing up my things and prepared to move into my new place. It was a big step for me and I needed to do it right.

It wasn't until the night before my big day that someone got in contact with me. It wasn't by phone or email. No, he'd driven all the way to my doorstep for a chance that I would hear him out.

Chapter 11

Nobody puts Princess in the corner.

"If you were smart, you'd turn your ass around and leave." I could smell him from the doorway and as much as I tried not to pay attention, he looked more handsome than ever.

"Well, I guess I'm not smart, because I'm staying until you hear me out!" He put his hands in his pockets and waited for me to reply. I looked him up and down, smiled, then slammed the door in his face.

He didn't knock again, so I went about what I was doing. All of my roommates had already moved out, so I was the one who had to go through and make sure everything was cleaned out and they didn't forget anything hidden in the corner of a closet somewhere. I was so hurt and angry that I couldn't fathom having a conversation with either of them. Why he thought it was okay to just show up on my doorstep was beyond me.

I focused on the task at hand and ignored the fact that he'd come all that way to talk to me. I guess he thought he had some kind of valuable information that would change my mind.

I cleaned and packed my ass off for the rest of the morning.

At about noon, I was hungry and dying of thirst. I grabbed my keys and headed out to grab a bite at the corner deli. When I opened the door, a pizza delivery guy was standing there, about to knock. Since we rented a whole house, I was puzzled how he'd gotten confused about the address. Our number was in large block on the front of the house. "I think you have the wrong address."

He looked down at his paper. "No, it's the right place. Someone called and paid for a ham and pineapple pizza and a two liter of soda. Since it's paid for, do you still want it?"

I grabbed the pizza box and the two liter, while shaking my head. "Yeah, sorry I forgot that I ordered it. My mind is just crazy lately."

Feeling like an idiot, I waved to the delivery guy as he walked away. As soon as his car pulled away, I saw Stosh leaning against his.

Did he really think he could earn his way into my house through my favorite pizza?

Okay, I have to be honest. For a split second I did consider slamming my door and eating the pizza, then throwing the empty box out on the street at his feet. It was just for a second though. Instead, I walked into my house and left the door open.

I'd sat the pizza down on the kitchen counter by the time I heard him approaching. "You have until this pizza is gone to explain yourself. When the box goes out into the trash, you're going with it!" I was as serious as a heart attack. He had about three minutes to explain and then he could leave the same way he came in. We were not friends, and just being in the same room with him was making me uneasy.

He sat down on a stool next to me and we ate at the breakfast bar, since I had no other furniture except in my bedroom.

We were halfway through our first piece before he started to talk. Just hearing his voice was enough to remind me how hot it was to have sex with him. "On a scale of one to ten, how much do you hate me?"

I sat my slice of pizza down and took a deep breath before I looked at him. "Twenty!"

His eyes got big and he shook his head. "I should have told you the truth from the beginning. I just wanted to spend time with you before you found out. I know I kept things from you, but I swear that I meant what I said. I love you. I always have and I always will."

"You don't know what love is. I'd never lie to you, Stosh. I'd never deceive you. I'd do anything to keep you safe. That's what love is. You didn't do any of that for me."

His expression changed. "Are you admitting that you do still love me?"

"How I feel is irrelevant. I'll never forgive you!" I could feel the slow burn in my throat. Tears were coming and I had to hold them back. He couldn't see me in pain over him.

"What if I said that everything I did was for a reason? What if I told you that I have a plan to take down your sister?"

I poked him in the chest when I spoke. "You could have given my parents her diary. Instead, you let her destroy my relationship with them. I don't deserve any of this! I've been a good person. I worked hard for my education, while she f**ked her life away. You could have ended this before any of this occurred."

I was so pissed that he was trying to mend things with me. "You're right. I thought about sitting them down and reading it, but your sister would somehow come out of it smelling like roses. She's not as stupid as everyone thinks. She's been one step ahead of the game this whole time. She still doesn't know I even have the diary."

"What the hell are you waiting for?"

"There's something that I wanted out of her plan, or else I never would have gone through with it. She didn't exactly tell me when you were coming into town. I'd prepared myself to be hurt, by your rejection. After I found the diary, I realized that you had feelings for me the whole time. Then I got selfish."

I slapped his pizza out of his hand. He put his head down. "What do you mean, you got selfish?"

He folded his hands and acted like I hadn't violated his space. "It's been four years. You could have moved on. When I realized you were there, in my house, I couldn't help myself. Maybe Ivy knew I'd be that way about you. I don't really care. From the moment that I knew you were there with me, all I wanted to do was be with you. I even warned you that there were things you didn't know. I wanted to tell you. I would have, if you hadn't have run out. I never wanted things to happen the way they did."

"Great, now I feel more used than before. Thanks for clearing that up!" I tossed my pizza back into the box and shut it.

Stosh put his hand over mine, catching me off guard. I pulled away. "Will, I know it seems that way, but I waited for so long to hear you say you loved me. Do you blame me for wanting to have a couple days of heaven? Didn't you feel happy too?"

I shook my head. "Of course I enjoyed it. I felt like I finally had a chance at being happy. I felt like I had my best friend back."

Try as I may, I couldn't stop the tears this time. He may as well have been ripping my heart out of my chest with his bare hands.

He ran his hands through his hair and then covered his face. "You don't know how much I want that."

I could tell that he was genuinely upset. It was so hard for me, because I could never stop loving him. Sure, I hated what he'd done to me, but my heart and my mind were not on the same page. "Does she know you're here?"

He shook his head. "Hell no! Ever since that night, she's been staying at your parents. I know she's up to something, but I have no idea what it is."

"I wish I could believe that." I started to turn away, but he grabbed my arm and held it tight. "What the..."

"Listen to me." He finally let go of my arm. "If there was a way to make things right, would you give me another chance?"

His face was dead serious. I didn't know whether to follow my mind or my heart. At the end of the day, I couldn't see it happening. "It's not possible."

Stosh started pacing around the kitchen. "Dammit, it is possible. I'm going to do whatever it takes, because those two days with you were the best days of my life. I wasn't lying about that."

"I think you are going to say whatever you can think of to get in my good graces. Do you have any idea how I feel? Do you have a clue about what you've both done to me?"

He looked down at the ground. "Yes. I know exactly what you're going through. I wish I could take it back."

"Why are you here, Stosh? What could you possibly have on my sister that would make everything you've done better?"

He approached me, getting close enough to touch me, except he didn't. "I can't tell you."

"Just leave! Drive back home and forget about ever knowing me. I'm so sick of all of this. I just want to live my life. I'm tired of the drama that comes with being a part of your and my sister's lives."

I walked over and grabbed the pizza box.

He saw what I was doing and grabbed it out of my hands. "You don't mean that!"

I grabbed the box again, ripping it away from his hands. "Yes I do!"

He wouldn't give up. He grabbed the box and tossed it on the floor. "I don't believe you. If you love me half as much as I love you, then I know you're lying."

He was staring right at me, challenging what I'd said to him. I didn't know how to respond. Even as furious as I was, he was right. I was still in love with him. In fact, I couldn't see myself loving anyone else. "Why does it even matter to you, Stosh? We can't be together and you know it."

He reached over and brushed my cheek with the back of his hand. "Ivy thinks she's won. I've been on to her since this all began. That's why I couldn't tell you. I thought I could handle it all without you getting hurt. I have a plan to destroy your sister, but I have to let this all play out for it to work. I need more time. Things have to happen before I can step in. I just need you to trust me."

I shook my head. "I don't think I can."

He grabbed both of my hands and I didn't pull away. "You have to." He brought my hands up to his lips and kissed them. "There's something else you need to know, Will. It has to do with why your sister wanted you to be with me."

"What? What now?"

"Your sister came home one night drunk. She was a crying mess. After she threw up all over herself, she got so belligerent, that she admitted to not being able to have children again. She cried all night about not being able to give me a child of my own."

"And this has what to do with me?"

"You're a smart girl, Willow. Think about it."

"She wanted me to be a surrogate or something?"

"That would have been too easy for your sister. She doesn't want you to carry her baby, she wants to take away yours."

My mouth dropped when it instantly hit me like a ton of bricks. "It's not possible. You can't get pregnant any time of the month. The average woman is only fertile for forty eight hours."

"Two days, right? Yeah, all it took was for you to complain to her about having your period. I guess you talked to her about it ruining some plans you had a while back. Even I could get a calendar and look up when you should be ovulating."

I was already crying. That was taking revenge to a whole different level. "Why would she want me to have your child? Isn't that against everything she's ever wanted?"

He sat down on the carpet flooring and put his hands over his face. "Willow, you're twins. The baby would share the same DNA as if it were her own. She wanted you to get pregnant and then she was going to try to get custody. With your parents being so against you, she knew she had a chance of winning. They see you as a threat. Right now, your parents are all about comforting Ivy. They're going to do whatever it takes to make her happy, since we allegedly stabbed her in the back."

"That is the stupidest plan I ever heard of. How could she have known that I'd sleep with you? Who in the hell would even think they could pull off something like this? Did you think you would just knock me up and steal my kid?" I picked up a piece of packing tape and threw it towards him. "How could you use me, Stosh? How could you rip out my heart like you did?"

I was so angry and hurt. If I had a gun, I could have shot them both.

"She said she knew it would work. I didn't ask her any questions, but somehow she was sure. I wish you knew how much I can't stand her. When she woke up after her drunken confession, I told her only half of what she'd admitted. I knew that when the time came, I'd be able to use the knowledge I had against her. Look, I get that you hate me right now. I know I f**ked up, but I'm going to make it right. I'll wait for you; as long as it takes. I have a plan."

He pulled me into a hug, that I didn't respond to. I just stood there frozen in place. "Is that all you came to say, because I still feel like I'm missing a big part of the puzzle? Granted, learning that my sister thought she could knock me up and then steal my baby was a hell of thing to hear."

I took a couple steps back and leaned against the counter.

He walked over and leaned beside me. "You wouldn't have listened if I tried to call."

He was right.

"So, you're heading back tonight?"

"Unless you want me to stay?" He didn't look up when he said it.

More than anything in the world, I felt like I had nowhere to turn to. I was going through all of it alone, not to mention that I had nothing to do with all of this madness. "I still can't wrap my head around my sister's ridiculous plan. I'm not pregnant and even if I were, I don't think I would have told either of you."

"Did you get your period?"

"No! It's not ... What's today's date?" Suddenly, I felt as if I'd been kicked in the stomach.

"The fifth."

"Oh God! This can't be happening. You have to leave!" I walked over to my front door and opened it, waiting for him to exit.

He stood in the kitchen, adamant to stay. "There's a chance isn't there?"

I shook my head and shut the door, since he obviously wasn't leaving. This wasn't happening to me. It couldn't be happening. I was starting a new job. I had a future ahead of me that I'd worked my whole life for. We'd spent two nights together. Sure, we hadn't used protection, but it was impossible for my sister to know my schedule like she was claiming, unless she'd been calculating it for months. God, I wondered how many times I had complained about being on my period. I thought about how she took everything I had ever told her and used it against me. How manipulative can one human being be? No, it had to be stress. I couldn't be pregnant. "No! I must have gotten the dates confused. The move has got me all messed up."

He didn't believe me, I could see it in his eyes. "If you were, I wouldn't tell her. You're the only person that I want raising my children. I told you that before. I meant every word."

I smiled. "I appreciate that, but I know I'm not pregnant, besides, even if I was, I wouldn't want you to be a part of it's life. Not after everything you've done to me. You lost your chance, buddy."

He was silent for a few moments. Maybe he was thinking of something he could say. I just wanted to be left alone. I think he got the vibe, because he walked over to the door. "Willow, I love you. I've always loved you. No matter what I have to do to fix this, I'm going to do it. I won't give up until we have the life we deserve." He smiled.

I leaned my head on the door as he started to walk out. "Stosh, thanks for taking the time to come here. I'm glad I know what she's up to. I know there's more, but I have a feeling I'm going to find out soon enough."

"So you believe me?" He got closer to me.

"I want to."

He put his hands on my cheeks and looked into my eyes. "I'll make this right. I promise." He kissed me on the forehead before walking out to his car.

I should have packed up my car and left, but I ended up sitting in the empty living room bawling my eyes out again.

I couldn't believe my sister had the nerve to try and do the things she was doing to me. It was like some crazy story you hear about on television. This wasn't a girl who was deprived of nice things. Our parents had money, and a lot of it. They took good care of us and gave us equal gifts.

How she was so different from me, made no sense.

I didn't know if I could trust Stoshua, but I had nothing else to go on.

Now, my only concern was to go out and buy a pregnancy test.

Either way, I had to know.

Chapter 12

When it rains it freaking pours.

I'd reached my breaking point. For my entire life I had trusted my sister. For her whole life, she'd secretly been plotting to ruin me. Aside from the hurt and devastation of it all, I was just so angry.

Stosh's visit hadn't helped. It gave me more reason to be upset. By the time I gotten decent enough to go out to the pharmacy, I was so worked up that I found myself dialing her number.

I was wondering when you'd call. I hated her tone already.

Shut up, Ivy! You need to shut the hell up and listen. I don't know what I ever did to you to make you hate me so much, but I'm done being your little voodoo doll. You want to play dirty, then so am I.

You couldn't hurt a fly. She wasn't going to know what hit her.

It's funny, I used to think that about you. Now I know better.

There's nothing you can do to hurt me. I have everything that I've ever wanted.

Not everything! You don't have a baby. In fact, you're never going to be able to have one.

You bitch!

No! You're a bitch! You took everything from me!

I did and I would do it again. Do you know how long I waited to hear our parents talk bad about you? Do you know how good it feels to be the favorite?

It was never a competition! I never saw our life the way she had.

Maybe not to you, but it was for me.

Did you ever love me, Ivy?

Love is about respect and I lost that by the time we turned ten.

I feel sorry for you. You'll never know what it feels like to have someone love you. I feel sorry for you. You'll die alone, you know that right?

Screw you!

She hung up before I could say anything else. I'd made the first step at getting her upset. I wasn't going to stop until I had everything she'd taken from me. This was war and I wasn't about to lose.

I didn't care about her feelings, and after what she'd done, I didn't even feel bad about it.

While still in a piss poor mood, I grabbed my keys and headed for my car. When I got out to the road it started to pour down rain. I was so distraught, that I dropped my keys twice, trying to find the right one and unlock my door. The kicker was that I had power locks, but the battery on my keypad got wet and I had yet to replace it.

While standing there flipping through keys, someone approached me with an umbrella. Figuring it was just one of my neighbors, I continued to unlock and open my car door. I turned around to say thank you and saw Stosh standing there. It was pouring all around us. "I thought I told you to leave."

"You're an intelligent woman, but I don't have to listen to you."

"I feel like you raped me. You may as well have. The end result was just the same." I had my hands on my hips, as if it made me look more serious.

"That hurts."

"Well, it's the truth! Now you tell me that my sister had some scheme to get me pregnant and you were in on it the whole time? You're sick!"

"I wanted you and you wanted me too. So what if I lied about what brought us together. What we shared was mutual and you know it. I would never do..." He was so damn adamant, but all I wanted to do was wipe the smile off of his face.

"You would never what? Let it happen? You're a day late and a dollar short for that comment. I wish it never happened! I wish I never went back to town and we were never together." I climbed into my car, leaving him standing there. When he never moved, I rolled down the window. He looked like he was going to cry. His eyes were serious and full of pain. "You don't mean that."

"Move out of the way. I have to go."

He just stood there, holding his umbrella, like he hadn't heard me.

"Stosh, please, just go home. Live your life and stop worrying about me. You know if Ivy catches you here, she's going to go all ape-‐shit. I can't take anymore of her antics. I just want to live my life, without all of this bullshit! I want to forget any of it happened."

A single tear fell down his face. "Please...Don't make me leave, Will."

"Goodbye, Stosh."

I started pulling the car away from the curb, before he'd even moved. He backed away quickly and watched me drive away from him. I was a sobbing mess, but I kept driving, knowing that he would follow if I didn't.

When I pulled into the pharmacy, a rush of worry came over me. I didn't have the money or the resources to raise a child on my own. My sister knew that. She and Stosh were legally married. They had a place to live and parents that could help them. If I was pregnant, there was a good chance she could really win custody. I wasn't about to let that happen.

That night, alone in my house, I sat there staring at the box of tests. I was upset with myself for putting myself in this exact predicament. Surely, we should have used protection. Had I not been part of some master plan, maybe I could have prevented all of this.

Still, there I was, sitting on the floor of my empty place, in fear of what would be the result. I took them all just to make sure they all came out the same.

There it was, right in front of me.

I think I was in shock; unable to believe that it was even possible.

I cried and cried, not that it could change anything.

All my life, I'd never considered having to get an abortion. It went against everything that I'd ever believed in. After taking three tests, I was on the phone with the clinic, scheduling something that I didn't want to do.

I couldn't raise a baby.

I couldn't give it up for adoption, because I knew who would be first in line. She'd get wind of my situation and be there to take away my child.

Once again, my sister was ripping my heart out.

Had she thought about this result?

Had she known that I would suffer either way?

My appointment wasn't for two weeks and that just made my decision even harder. As the days went by, my heart broke more by the second. I moved into my new apartment, started my new job early, and tried to get by. Except, starting a new job, when my heart was elsewhere, made for bad first impressions.

I showed no initiative, because I didn't care about anything anymore. All of the countless hours I'd spent studying, all of the things that I'd missed out on, had left me with regret. I just didn't care about anything anymore. If lightening were to strike me, or I'd be hit by a car and die, it would have been a good thing.

Giving up my baby, because it was the only means of protecting it, was the only option.

As the days got closer to my unborn child's horrible fate, I contemplated ending my own life. The idea of living a life and knowing what I'd done was going to consume me forever.

Now that I was out of school, and out on my own, I couldn't expect an allowance from my parents. Not that they were even on speaking terms with me. I'd tried to contact them several instances, one time even pleading, but they refused to listen. My sister had brainwashed them into thinking that I actually had tried to break up her marriage, by having an affair with Stosh.

Since they wouldn't talk to me by phone, I wrote them letters, in which I assume my sister intercepted. It didn't even matter. At the end of the day they were going to believe my grieving sister over me, even if her grieving was all a load of bullshit.

On the morning of my appointment I called a cab and threw up three times before the driver arrived. I was shaking profusely and had no idea how I was going to force myself to walk inside of that clinic.

The waiting room was filled with young girls, seeking the same fate as I was. We were all going to regret it, I was sure of that. One day, we would walk by a mother and child and think about what it would have been like to hold our baby, to kiss our baby, to have our baby.

I only sat there for several minutes before I had to make a mad dash for the ladies room. There, I splashed water on my face and told myself this was the only way. The pain was just too new for me to be able to move on.

When they called my name to go back, I had to meet with a counselor. It was good they had them there, for the girls who were unsure of what they wanted. They wanted all options to be weighed before we took that final step.

Several hours later, I was calling a cab and heading home. I'd made my bed, now I was going to have to lay in it.

I was keeping my baby.

Determined to turn my life around, I decided not to tell Stoshua the truth. If he really loved me, he would want to be with me even if there was no baby.

It took me three days to conjure up the nerve to call him. I don't know why I had to talk to him, but something told me that I just had to know if his feelings were real. I had to know if he was going to destroy my sister.

I called when he was at work, knowing my sister wouldn't be anywhere near him. As far as I knew, they weren't together, but I'd been lied to before, so I had to make sure I was protecting myself.

Willow? Are you alright? I'm surprised to hear from you. I thought you'd written me off.

Not yet.

I started to cry immediately. I don't get why, because talking to him wasn't exactly difficult for me. I guess I just wanted a place to belong. I felt so alone, like there was nobody that could heal my heart. The longer it had been from me hearing from Stosh, the more I realized that I couldn't just get over him. I hated him, but I loved him just as much. Still, I needed to do this. I had to go on with my life and this was the only way to make that happen.

What's wrong, babe? Are you pregnant?

Not anymore.

What does that mean? Did you miscarry?

No!

Tell me you didn't, Will. Please say you didn't do it?

I had no choice!

The line went quiet and then I heard sniffling.

I started to cry harder. Say something.

It hurts. I don't know what to say. I just thought...

You thought what? Did you think we could just run off into the sunset and raise our child? Did you think that we could get away from her and her mind games?

Yeah, I guess I did.

Well, you're wrong, Stosh. Life doesn't work that way. My parents would help her. She has a vendetta and she won't stop until we both have nothing.

She can take away everything I have, but she could never take away my love for you, Willow. I know you don't believe me, but it's true. She kept us apart for too long. What's done is done, but I still want to be with you. I only want to be with you.

He was more serious, while I was still a crying mess. You don't know how badly I want to believe that. I miss my parents. They won't talk to me. She's got them believing all of her lies. I'm so alone.

Text me your new address.

Why?

Because, I'm coming there. I'm tired of this bullshit. She wants to play games, I'll play my own. If she wants everyone believing that we're together, I say we give them a show.

Stosh, you can't!

I'll see you soon, Will. I love you so much.

I didn't get a chance to say it back, and I wasn't sure I was even ready to. He knew how I felt and now I just had to figure out what that meant for us.

I text him my address, but he never text back.

A knock on my door sent me running toward it. Stosh stood there with a suitcase in one hand and a smile on his face.

Chapter 13

Don't stop, won't stop, can't stop.

I don't know how fast it takes the hormones to start working, but I found myself running into his arms. All I wanted to feel was support and understanding. I needed to know that someone still loved me.

I needed him.

"I didn't expect that." He smiled and pulled away far enough to look at me. "I missed you."

I smiled, but remembered that this was a test. "Prove it."

He raised one eyebrow. "Willow, I've spent the last two months kicking myself for what I did to you. I'll prove it to you, I promise."

I grabbed his hand and pulled him into my new apartment. It wasn't extravagant, but I could afford it on my salary. It had two bedrooms and one bathroom. Since I lived by myself, I didn't need a master bathroom to make me happy. The kitchen was galley style with bars on the opposite side, which happened to be in the same space as the living room. It was mine and that was what was important.

Stosh looked around the place. He led me back to my bedroom and sat me down on my bed. He picked up my hands and brought them to his lips. I watched him close his eyes and run one of my hands over his cheek. "I think about the way your skin feels."

I couldn't admit to him that I'd practically memorized everything about him. Instead, I closed my eyes and imagined the way it felt when he kissed me. I felt something touching my mouth and realized it was his fingers.

We were alone, the door locked behind us. Stosh came there to be with me. I know I was supposed to be testing him, but I couldn't hold back my need to touch him. I ran my hands over his shirt, across his chest. Our eyes were on each other and I don't even know if I was blinking. Everything in the room began to spin, when his hands went from my hips to my waist. I felt his fingers sliding under my shirt. Right away, I lifted my arms, giving him the permission to remove it.

Every inch gave me chills, knowing what it was leading to. A moan escaped from his throat and it intensified the situation.

Our mouths met for the first time. Each stroke of his tongue was like I was waking up. I could feel it down to my bones and the magnificent sensations overwhelmed me, just like our first time. We both had so much pent up animosity that it was hard to breathe. Our kisses were ravenous and the room filled with our pure lust for one another. It was impossible to think about anything else except for what was happening between us. I was under his tantric spell and it was intensifying by the second.

His lips were wet as he drug them against mine. Our teeth collided as he climbed on the bed on top of me. I loved feeling his strong body pressed into mine. I reached my hands up his shirt, tugging it off the same way he'd done mine. I wasted no time finding his belt and unhooking it, so I could reach my hand down his pants and touch what I craved to have inside of me again. While I explored, he lifted my legs up, positioning me like he was ready to enter me.

I cried out into the room, feeling his desire matching mine. My mission was to feel his love, but his need was enough to appease me for the moment. The rest of our clothes came off and were thrown all over the room. I didn't care about the mess or finding them later. All I wanted to do was be naked with this man.

When all of our clothes had been removed and the dry humping was enough to pump us up, I was trembling when I felt him teasing my entrance with his hard shaft. The more he rubbed it over my throbbing clit, the more I cried out in pleasure. As much as I wanted him to penetrate me, I was getting off by his touch.

He was so hard, pushing against my soft pu**y. My body arched as the jolt of sensations took effect.

I dug my fingers into his shoulders, using my own strength to grind my body against his. He knew I wanted him and I didn't want to wait much longer to have it all. I moved my hips, hard, causing him to groan loudly. Hearing his course voice making those sounds was so erotic. He kissed me, teasing me with his tongue. "I want you so bad. Tell me I can."

"Please! I need you."

His hard shaft entered me, stretching my tight walls and making me gasp. I cried out, feeling it rip me open, like it had the first time we were together. My legs wrapped around his ass as we got into a steady groove.

He used his strong arms to pull us up to a sitting position. I began to bounce my body up and down overtop of him. The friction caused intense sensations and soon enough, I could feel my body giving out. I let myself lose control, knowing that the euphoria I was feeing was only going to be a temporary high.

Stosh must have gotten off, on watching me. He pushed me back down and put my legs over each of his shoulders. His thrusts were powerful, moving my body across the whole bed each time we smacked together.

It didn't take Stosh long to start convulsing. He held his body still and filled me with his own orgasm. My legs fell down his sides and we held each other on top of the covers.

I felt him playing with the long strands of my hair. "I hate that I hurt you."

"Me too."

He pulled me close so he could kiss the side of my head. "There's never going to be enough time to make up for what's been taken from you. I hate myself for being a part of that pain."

I reached my arm across his chest and sat up to look directly in his eyes. I could see the pain reflected back at me. "I wish I could snap my fingers and forget about all of it, but we both know that isn't how things work. I need time, Stosh. It's all just too recent for me to be able to fully recover. The pain is still new and I need to heal inside before I can begin to forgive. I hope you understand."

He looked even sadder. "I get it. I mean, I don't like it, but I get it."

He just held me for the longest time, there in my bed, without saying another word. Being in his arms made me feel like I wasn't alone anymore. Part of me didn't want him to ever let go.

I wasn't a fool. I knew he'd betrayed me, but the extent of his deception wasn't unforgivable. If Stosh was telling me the truth, and he did do all of that for a chance to be with me, I couldn't exactly hate him. It was almost like a desperate plea. I got that he plotted with my sister, but he was there with me, just me.

Further into the night, we climbed under the covers and slept. As much as I wanted to have hot magical sex with the man, we still needed rest to be able to perform.

I had so much weighing on me, especially the fact that I hadn't gone through with the abortion. Now, I was the one keeping the secrets.

The decision that I'd made was life changing, but the most important part of it was keeping my secret safe until I knew that Stosh could be trusted. I wasn't going to be naive and let my guard down when it came to that.

The next morning, I woke to the smell of coffee. I stretched, went in the bathroom to freshen up, and even made sure my hair was decent, before going out to look for Stosh. I found him watching the sports channel. He had a cup of coffee in one hand and an apple fritter in the other.

"Good morning, beautiful."

I put my hands on my hips. "I bet you say that to all the girls."

"Only the ones that put out." He winked and took another bite of his fritter. "This tastes so good." He was making these faces like it was the best thing he'd ever tasted. "Oh, sorry. Did you want one?"

I walked into the kitchen and found a box from a local bakery. Inside were three more fritters. I peeked out past the breakfast bar and saw him smiling. "Are you trying to earn brownie points?"

"Is it working?"

I grabbed one and took a bite, savoring the taste for a second. "Maybe."

"Your coffee is in the microwave. I wasn't sure how much beauty rest was required to keep up that model like appearance."

I picked up the roll of paper towels and tossed them at him. "I'll have you know that I look like this every day even without sleep!"

He just shook his head and laughed at me. "I bet you do!"

Once I had my coffee heated, I went and cuddled up next to Stosh. I wrapped my arms around his upper body. "This is nice."

"This is how it's supposed to be."

He picked up one of my hands and intertwined our fingers.

I liked seeing them bound together, like we were one, and nothing was ever going to tear us apart.

At around ten in the morning, his phone started blowing up. He finally had to put the thing on silent because we were tired of hearing it ring. "I'm sorry."

I tried to smile. "It's fine. I know this is part of the process."

He kissed me again. "You're worth it!"

I sat up. "Maybe you should answer it. They obviously aren't going to stop. It could be something important. He gave me a dirty look and picked up his phone.

"Hi, Mom... No! I'm not discussing that with you... I don't care what she's says...It doesn't matter where I am...Yes, I understand... I know what's at stake and I don't care. I will explain later. Just know that I'm fine and I have my reasons... Okay, goodbye!"

I didn't want to ask what it was about. It was obvious. My sister had called his parents.

He grabbed my hand and wrapped it around his own body. "Apparently, she's keeping tabs on me. I haven't even heard from her and the day I leave town she's calling my parents. She's like a f**king stalker."

"I assume they're mad?"

"They don't understand. They think I've been unfaithful to a perfect wife. They have no clue that she's a monster, nobody does." He shook his head.

"I do! That monster is doing her best to ruin my life."

He rubbed my cheek. "Good thing your knight in shining armor is here to save the day."

"You're not wearing any metal," I teased.

"Keep joking and I won't be wearing anything" It was a threat that I intended to see through.

"I won't fight you on that decision, you know."

We both began to laugh.

Things got quiet for a little while, but the longer it was like that, the longer I wondered what exactly his mother had said. I wanted to know if I was the whore that Ivy had made me out to be. It crushed me thinking about those people hating me for something that wasn't even true.

"Stosh, do your parents hate me?" I lifted my head off of his chest and looked right at him.

"They don't know the truth, Will. It doesn't matter what they think. When all the truth comes out, they'll love you as much as I do."

His words were reassuring, but they didn't make me feel any better. It was hard to be hated by someone. It was harder to consider that one day, they could possibly be my in-‐laws. I didn't want that kind of animosity between us from the start.

We didn't have time to wait for Ivy to screw up. It was up to me to take her down.

Chapter 14

Twin Envy.

It hadn't taken Ivy long to locate her estranged husband. She should have known she could find him in my bed, where he belonged. I hadn't pitched my plan to Stosh, but after just one night with him, I knew his intentions were real. It wasn't in the way he was acting, or even treating me. Somehow, I just knew it. I could feel it every time we touched.

It wasn't until later that afternoon that I started getting the hateful messages.

He's with you isn't he? - I

Answer me, bitch! - I

He's mine! Just remember that! He always comes running to me. - I

Each message made me more angry. I think Stosh knew it, because he continued reassuring me that she was just blowing smoke. I wanted nothing more than to believe him, but this was still a test. I had to be sure, before I could tell him about my pregnancy.

The threats continued late into the night. The more my phone rang, the more we ignored it. However, she did manage to kill the mood for me. Poor Stosh begged me to go out for a movie, but all I wanted to do was sulk and stay held up in my apartment. I felt like if we stepped out of the building, we weren't going to be safe.

We ordered from a local Chinese delivery and watched movies in the living room while we ate out of the little white boxes. Stosh tried to make me laugh, by attempting to eat using chopsticks. He'd dropped most of his food back into the boxes, by the time it made it to his mouth.

After dinner, his phone started ringing again. Like the first time, he ignored the calls, but after a while, it just got annoying. He took the battery out and tossed the two pieces on the table. "Where were we?"

Our lips met and soon our one kiss became many.

Just like every time something was going good, we were distracted once more. This time, it was my cell phone that was ringing. After three times, I ran into my room, where I'd had it charging, to see what could possibly be so urgent. The number was one that I recognized. I remembered the day that I'd given Stosh that number when we first planned to study together.

It was my parent's house number.

Hello?

Willow, this is your father. I need you to tell me the truth, right now. Do you know where Stoshua is?

I looked toward the doorway and didn't see him anywhere near my bedroom.

No!

Please don't lie to me about this. There's been an accident and he needs to get home. Do you know any other way of getting in touch with him?

Dad, I know you don't believe me, but I didn't have an affair with him.

I saw the pictures. I think I know my own daughter when I see her. This isn't even about that right now. You're sister has just been taken by ambulance. She tried to kill herself, Willow. Do you see what you've done? Do you see what you've caused?

I didn't do anything! This was all her!

Nonsense. If you care about this family at all, you'll find that man and have him come to the hospital.

He hung up on me before I could plead my case.

Maybe, for a split second, I felt concerned about Ivy. She was my blood, and unlike her, I had a conscience and a heart.

Still, whether this was her plan, or her really being that depressed, it was all her own fault. She'd done it to herself. Ivy had made the life she was living.

I sat my phone down and considered not telling him, but when he came into the doorway, I knew I couldn't hide it from him. "That was my father."

"And?"

"Ivy's in the hospital." I looked down, afraid of what his face would look like when he heard the news. "She tried to kill herself."

The room was quiet and it forced me to look up at him. He had his arms crossed over his chest. "I take it she's still alive?"

"Apparently."

He sat down and put his arm around me. "Do you think she's faking it?"

I shrugged. "Who knows. I'm the last one to ask about her actions. She was someone else around me our whole lives."

"Well, you're parents are doctors. I would assume they would be able to tell, don't you?"

"One would think!" I pulled away from him. "Do you have to leave?"

I pushed the hair away from my face. "I won't go anywhere without you by my side. If we go back to town, you're coming with me."

My heart could have beat out of my chest like you see on cartoons. "Seriously? You would show everyone that we're together?"

"You're damn right I would." He froze and then got the biggest smile across his face. "Wait! Did you just say we were together?"

"I guess I did." I felt a little shy about saying it out loud again.

"Hold on a minute. Did you tell them I was here?"

I shook my head.

"They just assumed?"

"Dad asked if you were. I told him that I didn't know where you were."

He kissed me slowly, letting his lips linger over mine, before he pulled away. "The next time they call, I will answer. It's time that everyone knows that I'm here with you and I'm not going anywhere. I have money saved up that Ivy doesn't know about, but I have to be careful. She's smart and she knows her way around a computer. I caught her snooping one night a few years ago. I think it hit her hard when she figured out my password."

I was a little confused. "Why?"

"It was WILLOW."

I was taken back, at first, realizing that even when they were supposed to be at their happiest, I was the one who held his heart. He smiled, knowing that his confession had earned him more of those brownie points.

I literally pounced on him. While pinning him to my bed, I looked down at my willing prisoner. "I want you to f**k me then take me in the shower and wash me."

His eyes opened wide at my request. I felt his strong arms pulling me down against his body. "Yes, ma'am!"

He flipped us over, wasting no time removing my t-‐shirt and shorts. I didn't feel modest being around him. He was my choice , and for that reason, it was easy to be completely naked with him. After finagling his own shorts and shirt off, he pulled me back into his arms. I climbed on top of him, straddling him like I was in position. I reached down and began stroking him, making him even harder than he already was. He ran his hands up to my br**sts and pushed them together, licking them at the same time, while watching the expression on my face. Each time his tongue crossed over the ni**les, I bit down on my lip and had to close my eyes to keep them from rolling in the back of my head. He circled his own saliva around each tip and blew cold air on them. My body tingled and my hand stroked him harder. I began to tease my own pu**y with his shaft, rocking my body over it. I watched the tip of his c**k rubbing against my bud. He moaned and looked down as well. I stroked it faster, getting a groove going with my hand and my body movements. He grabbed my hair and pulled my face close enough to lick my lips with his tongue. I tried to bite him, but he controlled my actions by holding my hair. I liked it when he pulled. It turned me on more. Soon, I was rocking even faster, overwhelmed with pleasure.

He drug his teeth over my neck and bit down as I cried out, "More! Please!"

When he knew that I was at my breaking point, he pushed my hand away and entered me, filling me with his hard cock. Jolts of blissful sensations filled every inch of my body. I arched my back and laid down with my back on his legs. He could see everything and I loved the way it felt with my body in this position. "Oh yeah, babe. I want you to come again. Show me how you love it."

He rubbed my clit, putting enough pressure to send me over the edge. The whole while, he watched himself sliding in and out of me. I saw his face scrunch up and his body tightening. I could feel it pumping and erupting and I knew that he'd reached his happy place. Once he regained enough composure, he pulled me back up and kissed me, slowly, passionately, like we were the only people to exist in the world.

Nothing felt better than him being inside of me.

He abruptly separated us and stood up, his penis still half erect. Without an explanation, he held out his hand for me to take. "Your shower awaits."

I smiled and placed my hand in his. He led me to the hall bathroom and ran our water. I'd fantasized about this and it didn't compare to how it all was playing out. I had to keep pinching myself to prove that I wasn't just dreaming all of this. Stoshua was there, in my apartment. We were together and nobody was going to come between us.

It was perfect.

He washed my hair, massaging it, while he scrubbed. I closed my eyes and felt so relaxed. I guess that's what it took for me to be able to come up with a way out of this mess. As soon as the idea hit me, I knew I had to share it with Stosh, being that he would have to help me make it happen.

Of course, I waited until he was completely done washing us.

Far be it from me to stop a man with lathered up hands from touching me everywhere possible. It was surreal, being there with him, knowing that we were together as a couple. Somehow, being there, was like the memory of my sister never existed. We were caught in the momentary bliss of what was happening between us. I didn't care that he was married, or that it was with my sister. All I cared about was sharing the rest of my life with him. While he washed my back, and kissed my shoulders, I thought about the baby growing inside of me. Even though his intentions weren't the best, we made it out of love. His desperate and selfish attempts to spend a weekend with me had panned out for a lifetime of happiness, with me and his child. All I had to do was make it all happen.

My plan was going to work, because it was something I was good at. I'd worked too hard to give up everything, but even what I was sacrificing would be enough to keep us happy and together.

My sister took everything from me, without any regret. I was going to take it all back, and then some. When I was done with her, she'd have nothing but a ten-‐by-‐ ten padded room.

I was nervous to tell him, at first, but when my plan started making sense, he jumped on board. It was already midnight and we had a long drive ahead of us, so we packed up as much as we could and headed back to our hometown.

We were on a mission and nothing was going to stand in our way. We'd waited too long already to be able to be together. This was our chance to take back everything she'd ever taken from us.

If it all worked out, we'd have our families on our side and a happily ever after.

Stosh held my hand as he drove. We talked about how everything was going to play out. He squeezed my hand when we were half way there. "Are you sure you want to do this? I mean, you realize what we'll be risking?"

"I know I could go to jail, if that's what your implying." I was aware that what I was doing was extremely dangerous. "She took my life Stosh. Now, I'm going to take hers."

Chapter 15

To be or not to be...me.

We made it back to town around four in the morning. After stopping by the house that he shared with Ivy, we made our way to my parent's house. We were only there to make sure they were both home. In order for our plan to work, we had to move while nobody was at the hospital.

Once we knew that no family had spent the night, we headed into the hospital. My sister would be under a watch, since she'd attempted to commit suicide, if that's what she had done at all. Either way, she was right where I needed her to be.

Most hospitals had different wards that they locked down after visiting hours, in which you would need a card to get in. That's where Stosh came into play.

His job was to play the desperate husband, who had been out of town and just found out about his wife's situation. We were afraid it wasn't going to work out, and didn't have another plan in order if that happened. Luckily, Stosh ended up knowing the nurse, so he was able to slide in without a commotion being caused. Once inside, he sent me a message, letting me know he was in the room and she was asleep.

The tricky part was to get me in the room.

I don't know what made him think of it, but he somehow chimed an alarm for one of the other rooms. While the attending nurses went running, he came and opened the locked door to let me in. We slid back into her room, without anyone even noticing.

My sister was asleep and strapped to her bed. I think I actually smiled when I saw her like that. She looked so peaceful, and in that position, she couldn't hurt anyone.

There was never a doubt that I was going to go through with the plan. Taking her down was the objective, and no matter what I had to go through, it was going to happen.

Stosh stood back and let me approach the bed. He shouldn't have been so trusting because without even thinking, I slapped her right in the face.

Her eyes shot open and she tried to sit up, but realized she was strapped down. When she tried to scream, I put my hand over her mouth, so nobody could hear. Stosh pulled out the prescription bottle of sleeping pills and we shoved a few down her throat, forcing her to swallow them. I forced a washrag in her mouth, to prevent her from spitting and making a sound.

Once we knew the pills had dissolved, we had to sit there for a good thirty minutes before they started working. While waiting, she desperately tried to free herself several times. I loved seeing her suffer and watching her realize that her plans to destroy me had gone very wrong. It was almost better than sex to see her scared. This was the pivotal moment when that little bitch realized her fate.

Since Stosh and I had a long drive, we had plenty of time to get our plans in order. We were going to set off the fire alarm, giving us enough time to make the switch. He hugged me and kissed me on the forehead while my sister watched with wide eyes. "You ready for this?"

I looked right at her. "Nothing is going to stop me from being with you, Stoshua. Never again!"

Tears filled her eyes and I knew I'd hit a nerve. I'd finally discovered what it felt like and why she craved it. I felt like I was on top of the world. Revenge was evil and it felt so good.

When her eyes started getting heavy, I leaned over close to her ear. "Did you think you'd win him back by pulling this stunt? You really think I was just going to let you win?" I ran my fingers over her lips. "My lips are the only ones he's ever going to kiss. It will be me he comes home to everyday. We're going to be so happy." I stood up straight at looked at Stosh. "Paybacks are a real bitch, sis. You always said I was the smart one. You never should have messed with someone that could take you down a million times over. I considered lots of ways, but this one will hurt you the most."

Stosh cleared his throat. "I could never hate anyone the way I hate you, Ivy. I never loved anyone like I love Willow. You'll never be her. I played you, like you tried to play me. You led me right to her. So, thanks for that!" He patted her on the leg and winked at me.

I felt chills realizing that he was utterly and completely mine. We just had to tie up loose ends, literally. When Ivy was finally knocked out, we wasted no time switching our clothes. Stosh would have only a certain amount of time to transport her out of the hospital without someone noticing. We put her in a wheelchair, with one of her old purses on her lap. I unfastened her hospital band and attached it to my arm. Stosh strapped me into the bed and kissed me passionately. Once I was secure, I started to panic. "Stosh wait! You wouldn't be double crossing me, would you?"

I would just die if he left me there to rot.

He shook his head and started laughing. "No, Will. This was your idea remember? If you want to back out, we can strap her back up and leave right now."

I laughed it off. "Sorry. I was just wondering if I'd just ended my existence."

He leaned over and kissed me. "I love you. This is going to work. I'll see you in a couple of hours, once I get her secured. It's going to be a long day, babe."

I took a few deep breaths and looked over at my sleeping sister. "I'm ready."

He kissed me one more time before walking out of the room. After a few minutes, I heard the alarm sounding. I took a few deep breaths and watched him come in and grab the wheelchair. "See you in a bit."

He walked out and left me there, waiting and wondering if we were going to get away with it. It all seems easy until we were knee deep in it. Then I started to wonder if I was going to spend the rest of my life in jail when we'd been caught. I wondered if Stosh would be arrested as an accomplice. I could have a child in jail and only be able to communicate with Stosh through letters.

Worry overwhelmed me, to the point where I felt sick. Of course, I was strapped to the bed, unable to change my mind about what I was doing.

Did I really want to, though? I mean, this was what had to happen. I wanted her gone. I loved my sister, but she had to go down. Maybe, I too, had a vindictive side.

A nurse came in and I heard the ruckus outside my room as the emergency people scrambled to look for the fire or what had caused the alarm to go off. Since I couldn't move, I didn't know Stosh had made it out without being detected.

The next few hours were horrible for me. All I could do was cry as I was strapped down to the bed, staring at the ceiling. I couldn't sleep, in fear of the police coming in and taking me away.

It seemed like forever had passed before Stosh came walking into my hospital room. He had a bouquet of fresh roses and had changed his clothes. The smile on his face let me know that everything was okay. He leaned down and kissed me. "I can only stay for a little while. The attending physician is here to evaluate you. You sure you can handle this?"

I nodded. "I'm sure. So, how was it?"

"She slept, up until I got her in the house. Thank God we used those zip-‐ties. She tried to free herself, but there was no way she could overpower me. I got spit on a couple times and she called me every name in the book, not that I haven't heard it all before. She threatened to kill me a few times and that she was going to skin you alive and make me watch. I think that was my favorite threat."

My eyes got wide. "How did you respond?"

"I told her that making love to you was the best thing that had every happened to me." He kissed my lips. "I told her that I was completely in love with you." He kissed me one more time. "I told her that I never loved her."

"I'm sure that hit a nerve."

"She's pissed, not that I care. I actually like seeing her suffer. She deserves it. All the years she kept us apart. I wish I never listened to her. I should have known how you felt the whole damn time. I should have just asked you."

We were cut off when my father came walking into the room. Stosh stood up and faced him. "When did you get here?"

"Last night."

"Son, you and I need to have a man to man."

I couldn't see their faces and it was driving me crazy.

"Sir, no disrespect, but I think Ivy and I have to work things out ourselves."

"And what about Willow?"

"That was a mistake. She acted like Ivy. She said she was Ivy. It happened and I'm sorry. I get that you'll never forget what I've done to your daughter, but I plan on spending the rest of my life making things right." We'd rehearsed that part on the way there. It was all part of the plan.

My dad put his hand on Stosh's shoulder. "I hope you make good on that promise. My daughter loves you very much. I know that she wants nothing more than to work things out. We all make mistakes, but fixing things takes a lot of guts."

He walked over to me, rubbing the hair out of my face. "Did you sleep well, sweetie?"

I missed my parents so much that I began to tear up and eventually started to sob. "I'm sorry for disappointing you, Daddy. Please don't be mad." It was how Ivy would have played him.

"It's going to be alright. Your mother has arranged for her friend to treat you for your depression. Now that Stoshua is here, I'm sure we can get you released out of here. I know the chief of staff and he owes me a few favors."

I was ecstatic that I could get out of the hospital before the allotted time required. Stosh threw me a wink. "If it's alright with you, sir, I'd like to take her straight home."

"I don't know..."

"Dad, please? It's what I want. I want to be with Stosh. I just want things to go back to normal."

He shook his head. "Your mother is going to be upset about this, Ivy. You know how she worries about you."

"I know. What happened last night was a mistake. I won't do it again. I promise. I don't want to die, Daddy. I just want to be happy. I just want to go home." I cried even more.

He rolled his eyes, but walked out of the room, grabbing his cell phone out of his pocket. Stosh came over to the bed. He massaged my wrists. "Are they on too tight?"

I shook my head. "No. They aren't bad."

"It's a good thing your dad is a damn doctor. I don't know if I could handle sleeping without you tonight."

"Well, you're getting pretty good about sneaking people in and out of hospitals. I'm sure we could have figured a way to be together." I couldn't help but feel giddy, thinking about being with Stoshua.

He ran his fingers over my wrist restraints and removed one of them. "Fuck the rules!"

I smiled and waited for my other hand to be free. By the time my father made it back in the room, Stosh was sitting on the bed hugging me. My father looked pleased. He had no clue that I wasn't Ivy. My mother would be the one to convince, but since she hadn't seen me in a while, and my father had seen me strapped to the bed, I didn't think she would question it. I had to put on a show for her and the time had come. She came in carrying a cup of coffee. She was wearing scrubs, and I gathered that she must be performing some kind of procedure here at the hospital. "Honey, I just got out of surgery. How are you feeling?"

"I didn't get much sleep. My stomach hurts."

My mother looked at Stoshua. "You did this to her, you know. You put her in this hospital bed."

He put his head down and I wondered if it was because he secretly wanted to smile. "I know. How many times do I have to apologize for my actions?"

"Mom, stop! I can't deal with any more fighting. I just want to go home and work things out with my husband." Saying that was never going to get old.

"You've been through something traumatic. I've cleared my schedule in order to stay home and care for you." My mother was adamant.

"I want to go to my house. Nothing is going to be solved until Stosh and I can work out our problems. We can't do that if I'm at your house. I appreciate the gesture, but I'm going to be fine."

I was praying she would buy it. The last thing I wanted to do was spend several days under the care of my doctor mother, while Stoshua babysat my restrained sister.

She looked at Stosh. "Are you going to stand by my daughter this time, or run out on her again." The question seemed funny to me, since he was still banging one of her daughters. Me being that person.

"I promise. She's not leaving my side."

She threw her hands up in the air. "This is ridiculous. She needs constant supervision!"

"I'm not a baby!"

"You took a bottle of pain pills and drank them down with a glass of vodka. I hardly think your decision making can be factored into this."

"She's my wife. With all due respect, I'm taking her home." Stosh had the last word. My mother shook her head and gave up.

They all three went out in the hallway to discuss my release, while I dressed into my sister's clothes. By the time, Stosh came back into the room, my parent's had gone home. He smiled when he saw me dressed and ready. "Your dad made a few calls. I already signed your release papers. You're free to go."

I didn't waste any time. "Let's get out of here. We still have a lot of work to do."

He stopped me and reached for my hand. "This should have been on your finger for the last four years." He slipped Ivy's wedding set onto my ring finger. "It's official, you're my wife."

I laughed. "That's funny, I don't even remember our wedding."

"Let's get out of here and talk about renewing those vows. My wife needs to remember important moments like her wedding."

Leaving the hospital was like being freed from a life time sentence in jail. I almost ran out of those double doors. The nurse gave me dirty looks, like my father had bent the rules and I was just his little charity case daughter. I wanted to smack them all. If they only knew what I'd been through.

When we arrived back at his place, he leaned over and pulled me into a deep kiss. "Are you ready for the second part of this plan of yours?"

"I think I might just want to off her instead."

He got this shocked look on his face. "Are you serious?"

I smacked him on the shoulder. "Killing her would be too easy. I want her to suffer." I clapped my hands together and rubbed them like I was some evil witch.

"I'm kind of scared of you right now."

I leaned over close enough to brush my lips against his. "You should be. The demon in me has been awakened and it won't settle until she's paid for what she's done."

"When your skin begins to turn green and you wear ruby slippers, I'm ducking out of this plan."

We both began to laugh.

I needed to breathe and relax before we went inside. It was going to be hard to torture my sister until she broke. I wasn't going to change my mind, but I wasn't exactly cut out for torture.

Chapter 16

May I have this dance?

Stosh was extremely lucky when it came to the property he rented. The main

house was far away from the pool house and the owners only lived in the house for three months out of the year. Part of Stosh's rental agreement called for him to care for the house while they were away.

Even though nobody could hear her, Stosh had still gagged her so she couldn't scream. I don't think she expected to see me walking in the door. She looked afraid and that was exactly how I wanted her to feel. This was about torturing her to the brink of insanity and then repeating the process over and over. Willow was no longer the nice sister. She'd been replaced by someone who was spiteful and wouldn't stop until justice was served.

It was awesome seeing her tied to the bed and struggling to get free. She knew I wasn't screwing around anymore. I walked over and ran my hands up Stosh's chest, making sure she was watching. I grabbed the collar to his shirt and pulled him down to meet my lips.

I liked that our plan was working.

"You like watching his lips on me? Just wait until later. You're going to get the show of your life!" I took Stosh by the hand and we walked out into the living room. I knew she'd be in there, trapped and sobbing.

After I showered and got myself comfortable, we made sure the house was locked up and went out for a movie. It was important for people to see us getting around together, like nothing had ever happened. We didn't have to pretend to be in love, I don't know which one of us was showing it more. Stosh couldn't keep his hands off of me. I couldn't stop looking at him.

It all still felt like a dream. I guess when you fantasize about something for as long as I did, it makes the reality of it hard to believe.

After the movie, we headed out to a coffee shop and talked about our future.

Did I feel wicked?

Maybe a little.

I mean, I wasn't an evil person. I still didn't think I was going to go to hell for my actions. What I was doing wasn't right, but all is fair in love and war, right?

We'd been at the coffee shop for nearly an hour, when I got up to go to the bathroom. Some tall, attractive guy grabbed me at the waist and pulled me into a kiss. I pulled away and slapped him. "What the hell?"

"I've been waiting all week to hear from you again." He had an Italian accent.

"I don't even know you."

He grabbed my hand and I pulled it away quickly. "Cheri, surely you do. I could never forget our nights together."

Had my sister been having some hot affair behind Stosh's back? I wanted to know, but revealing to someone she knew that I wasn't Ivy, could ruin everything. I had to be Ivy, no matter what happened. "I'm just playing. Things have gotten complicated at home. We're trying to work things out."

He raised his eyebrow. "You promised that we'd be together soon. You said it was going brilliantly. Tell me you haven't changed your mind. We've planned this for so long, my love. You said once you ruined your sister and your husband, we could run away together."

This was a devastating blow. I knew there was another piece of the puzzle. Stosh knew it too. This was what he hadn't told me. "Things change. People change. I realized that I needed to try to be a better person. Please understand?"

He looked so sad and I honestly felt bad for him. Like one of her many puppets, she'd strung him along. Maybe she really did want to run away. Maybe after she destroyed both me and Stosh, she could finally move on and be happy. It didn't matter anymore. This couldn't ruin my plan.. We were in too deep to change our game.

"Please don't say this. I've been so patient. Tell me we still have a chance."

I opened my mouth to speak and heard a familiar voice behind me. "Leave her alone, Rafe. You heard her. She said it's over."

He moved in between us, like he was prepared to fight for my honor. It was pretty sexy, even though the situation wasn't ideal for me to be turned on.

Rafe looked at me. "Is this true?"

I looked down, pretending to be upset about it. "Yes. I'm very sorry."

"Me too." He shook his head and walked away without another word.

"That was awkward."

"Sorry about that."

I cocked my eyebrow. "Were you planning on telling me that Ivy was leaving you?"

"Was she?" He scratched his head and smiled. "I didn't know that. I mean, I know she was seeing him. I was having them watched. She was so careful about where they met. I knew she was up to something, but I didn't know what it was, I swear."

"According to him, when she was done destroying us, they were going to run away together."

"Wow! Well, her plan backfired."

"I'll say. I almost feel bad for him."

He grabbed the back of my arms and pulled me close. "I don't. For a long time I wanted her to find someone else."

"Too bad she wanted to ruin our lives before she left. It would have saved us a lot of grief."

He kissed my forehead. "If you weren't such a perfect child, she wouldn't have become the spawn of Satan."

I smacked his chest. "Don't even joke. You know it wasn't like that. She's loony for thinking that.

"Let's get out of here."

I didn't really want to go home and be around my sister. "Can we go somewhere else?"

He grabbed my hand. "I know the perfect place."

He drove us to the parking lot of our high school. "Did you bring me here to make out? That's pretty cliche."

"You love cliche."

He was right about that. I did like a good romantic cliche. "I love you." He leaned over in the seat and smiled. "I like hearing you say it."

"It's nice to be able to. I'm getting worried we aren't going to be able to pull this off. So much can go wrong."

He moved the hair away from my face. "No matter what, we're going to be together. Nothing can keep us apart, Willow. I don't care what we have to go through. Nothing can be as painful as what we'd been through already. I just feel so bad for what you had to do without me. I'd never want you to have to make that decision without me."

He was right about that. I never wanted to feel as alone as I had when my sister had taken me down. He was wrong about the other thing though. Our baby was growing inside of me. I wanted to tell him, more than anything else, but we had to get through all of this crap before that could happen. "I hope one day we can be a family, Stosh."

The pain in his eyes ripped out my soul. I had to keep in mind that I was protecting our baby. In the long run, he would respect my decision. I hoped.

He opened his car door, but not before turning on satellite radio to the Love station. I giggled and watched him run around to my side of the car. He opened the door and held out his hand for me.

I placed my hand in his and let him pull me out of the car. "What are we doing?"

He held me close against his chest and reached our hands out like we were about to dance. "I'm giving you the prom you never had."

We started swaying around his car to a variety of romantic songs that were playing. I wasn't going to argue with his cheesy attempt. I actually loved it.

After a while, we held hands and walked out onto the football field. Well, we almost made it on the field. Stosh pressed me between the concession stand, and his body, for a hot kiss that left me weak in the knees. When he pulled away I was breathless and craving more. I grabbed his shirt and pulled him down to my lips for another one, this time I didn't let our lips part. Our tongues vigorously danced, just as we had done in the parking lot. His hands explored my body, like no other man on the planet could. When he reached my br**sts and guided his fingertips under my bra, I knew what was going to happen. The moment he touched my hardened ni**les, I was his for the taking.

I pulled away from his lips just enough to speak. "Take me."

He didn't hesitate as he lifted my shirt above my head and crouched down to suck on one of my ni**les. I leaned my body back against the building and closed my eyes. Someone could have been watching us, and I didn't even care. In fact, it made me want to do it more.

Slowly, Stosh removed my shorts and my underwear. He kissed the smooth skin over my pu**y and then, without a second to spare, he dove in with his tongue, reaching that most tender spot. His tongue was like a trained machine, offering a steady pace to my tiny bud. I ran my hands through his hair and looked down to watch him enjoying how he was pleasing me. Soft moans were both heard and felt as they vibrated off of my skin. I cried out something that wasn't even a real word as he sent me to the moment of physical bliss.

Once my body relaxed, he remained down there, placing tiny tongue filled kisses all over my lips. My body trembled from desire. He reached up with his hands and spread me open, kissing the most inside part visible. I felt his tongue invading my canal as he moved it in and out. His thumb rubbed my, now throbbing, bud. I couldn't even keep a hold on his hair. The palms of my hands pressed flat against the concrete wall I was leaning on. I cried out again, into the dark night, hearing my voice echo off the long field we were so close to.

Stosh finally stopped. "Mmm, I just can't get enough of you. I love the way you taste, babe."

I grabbed his hair and pulled him back up to my lips, kissing him hard and tasting myself on his tongue. I started unbuckling his pants and used my legs to rip them down. Once he was sprung free, I grabbed his ass and pulled him close to me, so I could feel his hard c**k pressing against me. I pulled away and licked his lips. "Fuck me, Stosh. Fuck me right here, right now."

He picked me up with one swoop and kept me leaning against the wall. I wrapped my legs around his waist and felt him positioning his stiff erection at my entrance. I rocked a little, letting him know I wanted it immediately. He let out a little chuckle and slammed it inside of me. I gasped, feeling pain and pleasure at the same time. Instead of getting to a good pace, he continued to slam it in and then take it completely back out. I begged for more. "Please...Don't stop!"

"You like being f**ked?" He licked my lips. I grabbed him by the hair and kissed him roughly. Feeling his tongue sliding over mine gave me more chills.

With our lips still together, I opened my eyes and looked into his. Our noses were touching and all I could feel was his hot breath against my mouth. "Harder. Mmm, I want it harder."

He slammed into me, shoving my back against the wall violently. I could feel the tingling again, more every time he slammed into me. I hated when it was removed, but I loved it when it slid right back in.

I held onto him, so tight that we almost had to continue kissing. I could feel his sweat and taste it on his skin. His fingernails dug into my ass as he slammed into me one more final time before erupting his load inside of me.

I kept my legs wrapped around him and bit down on my lip, finally letting my head fall back against the building. He buried his head into my neck and tried to catch his breath. "Willow," was all he could say.

It took a while for both of us to be able to walk back to the car. Once our bodies separated and we were able to both stand on our own two feet, we held hands and walked slowly, enjoying the light of the moon as our guide.

I leaned my head against his arm as we walked. "Thanks for taking me to the prom tonight."

"The dance was worth it, considering how well you put out afterwards."

We both laughed.

"You know...I would have put out when we were in high school, too. I thought about it often and had mentally prepared myself for when the time came."

He shook his head and started to laugh again. "Now you tell me. I think I might have beat off to your image as soon as I got home the first day of school."

I pushed him away and began to giggle again. "Shut up! I don't want to know that."

I continued laughing. "You can't even imagine the things I had you doing."

"Stosh! Seriously!"

He came over and put his arm around me. "None of it compared to how it really feels to be with you."

I rolled my eyes and smiled at him as we came up to the car. "You're so lucky I like you."

He turned me around before I could open the car door. "Will, are you sure this is what you want to do? We can think of something else. We don't have to go through with this if you're having doubts."

"I'm sure. I know what I'm risking and I know what I'm giving up." I'd sent my new boss an email, telling him thanks for the opportunity. I let him know that I had a family emergency and I needed to take, at least a month to work it out. Unfortunately, it meant I had to forfeit the job. My apartment manager wasn't happy with my notice, but since I had paid a security deposit and first and last months rent, he had plenty of time to find a new tenant. With the plan that I had in mind, it was important that my place stay the way it was until the time was right.

We were risking so much and I was just praying that it was going to work.

Chapter 17

Didn't see that coming.

Stosh opened my side of the car door and let me in first. I was so fixated on watching him walk around to his side of the car that I didn't notice there was something off. Upon climbing into the driver's seat, Stosh and I were met with a sudden startle. On the steering wheel was a post-‐it note.

I won't let you take her from me.

Stosh crumpled up the piece of paper and threw it out the window. He leaned his head down on the steering wheel.

"Are you going to tell me what's going on?" I was kind of scared.

He looked at me. "This can only be one person."

He climbed out of the car and started pacing around, using profanities.

I jumped out and walked around to where he was flipping out. "Stosh, what are you talking about?"

"Jesus, Will, do I have to spell it out for you? Who would be following us around, trying to get revenge? Who did we run into earlier?"

"That guy Rafe?"

I couldn't believe I hadn't thought about it. Apparently, I was too caught up in what was happening in my own life to consider obstacles weren't going to come into play.

"Yeah. That guy." He shook his head. "I didn't know they were that serious. This could ruin everything!"

I walked up to him and grabbed his arms. He was reluctant at first. "He's just hurt. It will pass. I'm sure he feels used and betrayed."

"You better hope that's all this is. I hardly think that leaving someone a threatening note is harmless." He had a point, but I wasn't about to admit it. This plan had to work. We couldn't risk having someone come into the picture and spoiling it all.

Stosh looked around the empty parking lot. "We need to get out of here."

The ride home lacked any kind of romance, as Stosh continued freaking out in various ways. He was a kind man that had been done wrong too many times. It made it obvious that he didn't want anything coming in the way of us being together. I couldn't blame him for that.

When lies have kept you apart, there is little room to feel confidant about things working out, when conflict comes into play. I got why he was worried, I just chose to stay on task and ignore it.

When we got home, we had to check on Ivy. Feeding her was going to be a task, but I couldn't just let her starve. We'd stopped at a fast food place and got enough food to feed all three of us.

Once we got her food all set out, Stosh brought her out into the living room, while still keeping her hands bound together. There was no way I was just going to let her sit with us any other way. I removed the gag. "So help me God, if you scream this goes back on and you don't eat. Got it?"

She nodded.

I removed the gag and watched her move her jaw around. She looked over at Stosh, but avoided eye contact with me. "What are you planning on doing?"

I grabbed her jaw and turned her head in my direction. "You ask me the questions."

She rolled her eyes. "Fine! What the hell are you doing, Willow? You can't do something like this. You aren't wired for revenge."

I shoved fries into her mouth. "It's amazing how much pent up anger can do for one's soul, my dear sister. I'm not the sister you once thought I was. The new me won't stop until you have nothing left to live for."

"Are you going to kill me?" She seemed afraid.

"I haven't decided." I looked over and saw Stosh trying not to laugh. He knew I could never do something that horrible.

"Willow...Will, please. I'll walk away. I'll let you have him."

I smacked her in the face. "You'll let me? Are you f**king serious? Dear sister, he was never yours to give. He was always mine. You were just the consolation when he thought he could never have the real thing." She looked over at Stosh and he said nothing. She knew it was the truth. I watched her begin to sob. "Awe, what's wrong? Does that hurt your feelings?"

"Please stop!"

I'd taken enough psychology classes to know that someone like my sister couldn't take this kind of mental torture. In fact, it had been that same kind of torment that left her the way she was. This was just a small part of my plan to destroy her. "How does it feel?"

She cried harder. "Please, Willow."

"Don't beg me. You will get no remorse from me. You stripped me of so much. There will never be forgiveness from me. I hate the person that you've become. I hate that I loved you so much, but you didn't give a damn about me. I never did shit to you, Ivy."

"You don't understand."

Her sobbing was exhausting me. I threw my trash in the bag and stood up. While looking at my sister, I leaned down and kissed Stosh. "After you put away the trash, meet me in the shower. There's this spot on my back that I can't reach. It feels so good when you do it."

I headed into the bedroom with a smile on my face, but I didn't close the door; not when I could hear her pleading with him.

"Stosh, please don't do this. You know I love you. Can't you see she is the evil one? All I ever wanted to do was be with you. I just wanted you to love me."

I couldn't see them or what they were doing.

"Ivy, you don't know how to love."

"That's not true."

"You got with me to spite your sister. You told me we were going to make her jealous so that she would want to date me. Now look at what's happened. How can you sit there and say you loved me? Everything you do is some ploy to get what you want." He was getting frustrated. I could hear it in his voice.

"You're wrong. We fell in love. You know it's true."

"Just like the way you fell in love with Rafe?"

It got very quiet.

"I don't know what you're talking about." Was she really going to play that card? I was about to go out there and bitch slap her.

"Spare me the act, Ivy. I ran into your boyfriend today. He approached Willow and wanted to know when they were going to run off together."

"Maybe he's with Willow?"

Seriously? She was going to play that game?

"I was having you followed, you lying bitch! I knew all about him."

I wished I was in the room to see the look on her face. I knew it was priceless.

"Stosh...I."

"Save it, Ivy! Finish eating and I'll be back to check on you. I can't even look at you without feeling sick to my stomach." I was so caught up that I didn't have time to move away from the door before he came walking in. I felt embarrassed about it, but he smiled and kissed me, making it a little less awkward.

She was yelling from the living room. "How do I eat with no hands?"

"Figure it out!" He responded as he started tugging on the bottom of my shirt. I moved my head to the side as his mouth found it's way to the base of my neck. He whispered in my ear, "I want more."

My body became hot and a fire had ignited between my legs. I lifted one, letting my knee rub against his inner thigh. He pushed me down on the bed and fell on top of me, smothering me with hot, wet kisses. I felt his hands pushing up my shirt and lifted my bra so that my br**sts could fall out of the bottom. He licked one of my ni**les, then went and did the same to the other side. His tongue flicked against it, making it wet and slippery when he tried to pinch it.

I arched my back and reached down the front of his pants. When I felt the smooth skin of his c**k against my fingers, I knew I found what I was looking for. My hand wrapped around his shaft and I began stroking him. Our kisses became more aggressive with every one of my strokes.

I couldn't believe he wanted me again, so soon, but I wasn't going to argue. I pulled my hand out and began unbuttoning his pants so that I could get them off. He ran his hand up my shorts and slid my underwear to the side. I felt him rubbing on my lips and then separating them. I was still wet from our encounter just a short time ago. That was the whole purpose of the shower. Still, I couldn't deny what we both wanted. I needed him inside of me and he needed to be there, too.

As soon as his pants came down, so did my shorts. In fact, all of our clothes came off and we were left naked, pretzeled together on his bed. He stood up at the end and pulled me down so that half of my ass was hanging off. My legs were placed over each of his shoulders and he rubbed the underneath of my ass as he positioned himself. I felt him sliding in and watched as he watched himself doing it.

He bit down on his lip and began pumping himself in and out.

Stosh took one of my legs and leaned in, bringing it almost flat against my chest. "I'm close."

With both of my legs now almost touching my chest and Stosh's strong arms holding them there, I felt his body tightening. I opened my eyes and saw his closing as he was overwhelmed with satisfaction.

After a few moments, he finally fell beside me on the bed, allowing my legs to finally relax. My muscles were tired and aching, but I liked knowing why they felt that way.

He leaned over and kissed my lips softly. "We never made it to the shower."

"I forgive you."

"For the shower? I didn't know I was in trouble." He smiled and traced the skin on one of my br**sts.

I shook my head. "Not for the shower, Stosh."

He sat up and got real serious.

I reached up and stroked the side of his face with the back of my hand. "I just want to move forward. If something bad happens to me, I want you to know that I forgive you for your part in Ivy's plan. I can see how she used you, but I also feel flattered that you felt like it was the only way you could ever be with me. I felt our connection. As much as I try to rationalize that forgiving you is a mistake, I can't not do it. What I want is right in front of me and nothing is going to stop me from having it."

He smiled, showing his almost perfect teeth, before letting his head fall down on my chest. He brought my hand up to his lips. "So, I have my best friend back?"

I ran a hand through his dark hair. "Yeah, I guess you do."

He leaned up on his chin and looked at me. "There's just one thing that bothers me."

"What?"

"I hate that I have to call you, Ivy. I want the world to know that I'm with Willow. It's just not very fair, after everything she's put us through."

Shouting started coming from the other room. "I CAN HEAR YOU!"

"WE DON'T CARE!" I yelled back.

"We should probably go put her back in her room. If she can hear us talking, I'm sure she heard us f**king. I HOPE SHE DID!"

We were being rude. Each time I started to feel sorry for being the way we were, I thought about all of the lies upon lies that she made us believe.

We dressed, in order to be able to go out and handle Ivy. We found her on the floor. She'd been trying to get into my purse with her teeth. I rushed over and started putting everything back in. When I picked up her cell phone, I saw it blinking. When I pulled up the messages, I was shocked how many were on there. We left Ivy on the floor, while Stosh and I sat down and looked through them.

What does he have on you, my love? - R

Please answer me. - R

I won't let you do this. We are meant to be together. You, me and the baby. -R

I felt sick reading it. All along Stosh had thought that her plan was to take my baby and raise it with him. This guy was claiming that she had planned to raise the baby with him. Stosh grabbed the phone out of my hand and shoved it in her face. "Is this true?"

She spit in his face. "Screw you! Screw you both!"

He cocked his arm back and I threw myself in between them. "Don't do it. Don't stoop to her level."

He pointed at her. "If it were up to me, you'd be at the bottom of a f**king river, tied to a cinder block, you evil whore!"

She rolled over and tucked her body as she cried.

I looked over at Stosh who shook his head and walked into the bedroom. I think he'd had enough of my sister for the night. He came back out and went into the bathroom. The sound of the water turning on let me know that he was getting a shower.

I grabbed her by the arms and started dragging her into the room. "Get off of me!"

"Shut up! You keep digging yourself into a deeper hole."

Once in the room, I let her slam back down on the floor. Her hands were bound tight, as well as her feet. She couldn't do anything to me. "You're going to pay for this, Willow. Rafe will come for me. We have plans."

"I saw Rafe earlier, as well as Mom and Dad. They all think I'm you. Right now, they think you and Stosh are working on our relationship. Well, I guess me and Stosh are working on our relationship. The new and improved version of you knows how to keep her man happy, since he's loved me the entire time."

"You won't get away with this. They'll figure it out."

"No they won't. You did such a good job making me look like I was crazy that they won't believe anything out of your mouth."

She finally realized what was going on. I don't think she got how I was going to pull it off, but it was happening and there was nothing she could do about it.

"I'll never pretend to be you, Willow. This isn't happening!"

It was, no matter how much she cried. I shoved the gag back in her mouth and smiled as I walked out the door and shut it behind me.

Chapter 18

Tears for Fears.

I went straight toward the bathroom, finding the door to be unlocked. Without hesitation, I found Stosh standing in the shower, letting the water run over his body. He had both arms against the wall and his head against it.

I took off my clothes and he didn't even realize that I'd come into the bathroom. When I slid open the glass door, he saw me and moved over to give me room. I didn't say anything. It was better to just wrap my arms around him.

"Sorry, I just lost it! I've never hit a female in my life. She's just...She's not even human. She's possessed by the devil or something equivalent. She has no soul."

I kissed his wet skin as I pressed my lips on his back. "She knows what to say to get you worked up, that's for sure."

He finally turned around. "I just keep thinking we should run away instead of doing this. I have a bad feeling about it. So much can go wrong."

I looked right into his eyes. "I don't want us to have to give up everything, including both of our family's. Let's just give this plan a chance. She will break. I may not know anything else about her, but I know she can't take what we're doing to her."

He started washing my hair. "If something happens that puts us in danger, we're out of here. I'm not going to stick around and get arrested."

"You're overreacting. I'm not going to jail. So what if I tied up my sister and held her prisoner? She ruined my life."

He put both hands on my cheeks and looked into my eyes. "I'm going to have a back-‐up plan."

I rolled my eyes. "Whatever! You won't need it."

We finished washing but stayed in the shower, realizing that Ivy couldn't hear us talking. "What are we going to do about Rafe? We can't have him bringing attention to us. It has to look like we are working hard at our marriage."

I ran my hands up his wet chest. "I am working hard on my marriage."

We both laughed, even though the conversation was supposed to be serious.

The conversation was dropped when the water began to get cold. We both climbed out of the shower and made it to the bedroom before anything else was said. After putting on a bra and underwear, I climbed in bed next to him. He was sitting up, flipping through channels, looking for something to watch on the television. I leaned over and plugged both phones in to charge. When I did it, I noticed several more messages. Stosh was too busy with the television to pay attention to what I was doing. I leaned over the bed and looked at them.

I need you to call me. - R

Meet me tomorrow at my place. - R

Please? -R

I don't know what came over me, but I replied.

Okay. - I

I rolled back over to see if Stosh had noticed and he hadn't. After realizing that he didn't have a clue, I laid there staring at the ceiling and wondering if I should tell him or not. He was already freaking out about my plan not being a good idea.

I had to do what was best. There was a baby that I had to worry about. Rafe could complicate things and I wasn't about to let that happen.

I rolled over and cuddled with Stosh. "I think you should go into work tomorrow."

He sat down the remote and cuddled up with me. "I told my dad that I had to stay home and take care of you. I can make all my calls and do my invoices from here."

"I was thinking of going over to my parent's house in the morning. The longer I ignore their calls, the more likely they are to come over and check on us. We can't have that happening."

"I'll just go with you. I'm sure they'd rather see us together."

I hated lying to Stosh, but I was protecting him and our future. "Yeah, I guess so." I hoped this next part was believable. "Oh Wait! You need to stay here. What will you do if Rafe shows up and has a key to this place? Ivy could have given him one, you don't know. If he comes in and finds her we're screwed."

I could tell that he felt defeated. "Will you at least hurry home. I mean, I know you're healthy, but I like the idea of taking care of you. Being without you, right now, makes me nervous."

"I will be fine. How about I pick up lunch on the way home?"

He kissed my nose. "Fine. You win."

I was all about cuddling with Stosh, but like all cuddle partners, it gets too hot to sleep like that. Shortly after rolling out of his arms, I laid awake upset with myself for lying to him. So many lies had already been told. I couldn't believe that I was telling so many of my own. It made me uneasy.

The next morning came too fast and I knew that I had to go through with what I had set out to do, so I got dressed and headed out before Stosh could argue about it. I wasn't used to driving my sister's vehicle, but it was necessary. After doing a search on the internet, I had Rafe's address and had plugged it into the GPS.

When I pulled up and saw the size of his house, I was in shock. My sister had picked him for a reason. I wasn't sure what he did for a living, but he definitely had money. His house wasn't a mansion, but it was damn near one.

I knocked on the door several times, before he answered it wearing only a robe and pair of boxers. The smile on his face let me know that I still had him faked out. It amazed me that all these people had no clue the kind of person that my sister really was. She'd told so many lies to so many people.

"Hello, my love. Come in, come in." I hated feeling him put his arm around me and lead me inside. "I'm making your favorite breakfast."

"I can't stay long. I have a doctor's appointment." Maybe I should just be a professional liar. I was getting pretty good at it.

"We must discuss what is happening."

I sat down on the other side of the kitchen table and tried not to look around the house. Ivy would have known where everything was, so I had to make it seem like I was comfortable. "Rafe, I appreciate that you stuck by me when things were at the their worse. I just can't continue this with you. It isn't fair to you or to me."

"But, you were the one who said we had to leave. You told me we were going to be a family. I've already paid for the house in Malta."

Did he say Malta?

Holy shit! "My feelings have changed. I want to work things out with my husband. I owe it to him."

He shook his head and approached me, crouching down on his knees. He grabbed my hands. "Please don't say these things. I love you and you love me."

I pulled my hands away from him, stood up and walked past him. He was still on his knees, waiting for me to say something. I saw the pain in his eyes and I knew he was heartbroken, grasping at straws for something to hold onto. "I'm so sorry, Rafe."

He shook his head and looked down. He really was a gorgeous man. I could see how Ivy would want to be with him. "I won't give up. You'll come back, you always do." He poured himself a drink, even though it was still early in the morning. I could see his hands shaking as he tipped it back and sipped from it. I'd forced a man to be an alcoholic. This was yet another reason that my life was off track.

I wondered how many times my sister had told him it was over. Maybe she didn't know who she wanted to be with. "Look, I came to tell you in person. I'd appreciate it if you let me move on. What we had was great, but it's over."

This guy couldn't take a hint. He ran up behind me and wrapped his arms around my waist, keeping me from going anywhere. I tried to pull way, but he was too strong. "Please. I don't want you to go back to him. He beat you and cheated on you. How could I be okay with that? You deserve to be happy. I can make you happy, Ivy."

I kept my body as still as possible. Fear was overwhelming me. "Please get your hands off of me."

Finally, he let go. I ran out of the door and didn't look back. I have no idea if he'd followed me outside, but I didn't want to take the chance and have him catch me. That man was creepy and obsessed.

I drove out of his private development and finally parked at a nearby grocery store. I needed to relax before I walked back into Stosh's place all worked up. Besides, being stressed couldn't have been good for the baby.

While I was there, I went into a pharmacy. While browsing around, I finally spotted what I'd came there to look for. I grabbed a bottle of prenatal vitamins and a bottle of Tylenol. Once I paid and got back into my car, I emptied the Tylenol into another half empty bottle and filled that bottle with the prenatal vitamins. Then I discarded the prenatal vitamin container so that nobody would ever know that I'd purchased them.

I didn't want to keep the secret much longer, but the timing had to be right for me to finally be able to tell people the news. I kept picturing Stosh's face when I told him that he was going to be a daddy.

It was going to make him more happy than he'd ever been before. I rubbed my stomach and thought about our little bean growing inside of me. I hoped that all of the stress that I was under wasn't harming it. The last thing I wanted was complications. I just wanted he or she to be healthy and have a loving family to belong to. Stosh was a part of that now and I couldn't wait to be able to be free of all of this bullshit that was going on around us.

When I got home, it was nearly twelve. I'd stopped by and grabbed two salads from a local deli. I could have just bought one, considering they were enough to feed a small summer camp full of kids.

I went inside and sat the bag down on the countertop. Stosh wasn't in the living room. I knew he was home because his car was in the driveway. I checked the bedroom and the bathroom, but he wasn't there either.

I walked out to the main house and checked the door. It was locked, so I knew he couldn't be inside. He wasn't out by the pool or anywhere in the yard.

I started to panic, thinking back when I felt like he'd betrayed me in the worst way. There was one more room to check and I was too afraid to open the door. What if they were in on some kind of master plan. What if he'd been lying to me the whole time?

The more I stood on the other side of the door wondering, the more upset I made myself. With my hand on the doorknob, I took a few breaths and opened the door. Nothing could have prepared me for what I saw when it opened. The pain I felt was unbelievable and I didn't know what I was going to do.

Chapter 19

What the...

I just stared for a few moments, trying to picture that what I was seeing wasn't actually happening. Stosh was laying down on his back. His eyes were closed and so were Ivy's. She was laying on top of him, but that wasn't what alarmed me.

Ivy's hands were undone and next to her lay a baseball bat.

I ran over toward them and pushed my sister off of Stosh. She didn't wake up.

"Stosh, can you hear me?" I put my head against his chest and heard his heart beating. That was my first concern. I just needed to know that he was still alive.

Upon further inspecting him, I noticed that he had a gash on the other side of his forehead. It was bleeding down onto the carpet and there was a puddle already there.

I looked around the room and saw that it was in a disarray, like she untied herself and waited for him to come in. What she must not have figured was that he would have fought back.

He started to stir and I leaned in close to his face. "Can you hear me?"

"Yeah," he whispered.

"I was so worried. What happened?"

Before he could respond, I watched his eyes get really big. Just as I turned around, I felt my sister's fist punching me right in the face. I went down hard, landing next to Stosh and right in his pile of blood.

I could see him trying to focus enough to stand up and help me, but it was obvious he had a concussion. He needed to get to a hospital.

I put my hand over my face to block any more blows that were coming my way. "Ivy stop!"

She shoved me out of the way and made a dash for the door. Unfortunately, I was just as fast. I grabbed the leg of her pants and sent her falling face first. She landed hard on the floor and it must have taken her breath away. While I stood up and rushed for the door, she remained still, trying to catch her breath. I grabbed her by the hair and pulled her back in the bedroom. "Get the f**k off of me!"

"Shut up!" I shoved her down in the corner. "What did you do to him?" I was so mad that I threw myself on top of her and started smacking her in the face. She put her hands up to protect herself.

I felt someone pulling me away from her. Stosh had blood running down his face, but he was alert enough to know what was happening. When Ivy saw that he was conscious, her eyes got big and she began to plead. "Stosh, please. I didn't mean to hurt you."

He grabbed her by the hair and shoved her against the wall. "Grab her hands."

I looked down on the floor and grabbed the zip ties, before rushing over and wrapping it around my sister's wrists. Once her hands were bound, it was easy to get her sitting down and attach each of her feet to the chair. It was barbaric, but necessary.

When I knew she couldn't move, I rushed over to Stosh's side and helped him get into the living room. "I feel like I'm going to pass out. That bitch hit me with a bat."

"I saw it." I ran over with a wet towel and started cleaning him up, so that I could assess the injury. "You're going to need stitches, babe. The gash is pretty deep and you've lost a ton of blood. I'm positive you have a concussion."

Even while he was in pain. He managed to smile. "Listen to the doctor's daughter go."

I shook my head. "Stop joking. Are you able to walk to the car?"

I helped him stand up, grabbed a clean shirt for him, and led him to the car. The hospital wasn't that far from the house and we were there in just a few minutes. Stosh kept closing his eyes, dozing off.

"You have to stay awake."

"I can't. My eyes feel heavy."

I was so worried about him. Head injuries were serious. Someone could be talking to you one minute and dead the next. Losing him would crush my soul. I couldn't even let myself imagine it.

I ran into the hospital and got some attendants to come out and get Stosh in a wheelchair. From there, they put him on a gurney and took him right into the emergency room.

It seemed like forever that I had to wait to hear from someone. When the nurse came out to look for me, she had this look on her face like she didn't have good news. My stomach dropped and I felt like I was going to hurl. I covered my mouth and ran toward the ladies room.

She'd followed me in there. "Ma'am are you okay?"

"Just give me a second."

I was beginning to cry and I couldn't get myself calm enough to face her. Finally, after a few minutes, I made my way out of the stall and saw her standing there. I looked her right in the eyes and waited for her bad news.

"You can come back and see him now."

My face lit up. "He's okay?"

"The doctor will explain everything. He has a concussion and we had to give him stitches. He's lucky you were there when he fell. A head injury like that could be fatal."

When he fell?

Stosh told them he fell?

I followed behind her until we got to his room. His head was bandaged up, but he looked alright. His face lit up when he saw me walking in. "There's my girl."

I was so happy to see him. I rushed over and wrapped my arms across his chest.

He struggled to breathe for a second. "Easy now. I'm a little beat up."

"I'm so sorry I left. You don't know how worried I was when I got home and found you like that. I was so scared."

"It could have been worse. I got one blow in as I was going down. I know the hitting a girl rule was broken, but she deserved it."

I laughed and kept holding him. Letting go was not an option. "I wanted to kill her. Seeing you just laying there, looking all lifeless was horrible. I felt like picking up that bat and ending her existence."

He reached his arm up and put it around my back. "That would have messed up the plan."

"Yeah, but at least we have another option to fall back on. Running away with you seems better by the second." It was true. We would be giving up our family, our friends and Stosh's job, but we'd be together. Somehow, that was all I cared about.

"You know, I tried to call you. I wanted you to grab creamer on the way back. When you didn't answer your phone, I called your parent's house. It was disturbing when they said they hadn't seen you."

I felt sick. He'd caught me and I was going to have to tell him that I went against his request and met Rafe. "Stosh, I'm sorry. I was trying to take care of the problem. I thought if I could just talk to him alone, he would back off."

"So, where were you?"

I sat up, seeing that he wanted details. I could understand how he wanted us to be honest with each other. After everything, it was the only way our relationship could work. "Please don't get mad at me, but I went to his house."

"You what?" He tried to sit up, forcing me off the bed and him to fall back down on the bed. "Willow, you're smarter than that. He could have attacked you, or raped you. For Christ sakes, you have got to be more careful."

"I know. I know. I wasn't thinking."

He grabbed my hand and squeezed it. "I'm glad you're okay, Will. I don't know what I'd do if something happened to you."

"It wasn't even worth it anyway. Rafe couldn't take no for an answer. He said he won't give up on our love." I was sarcastic when I said it.

"Great!"

"I told him to leave us alone. He said he'd already bought a house in Malta. They were going to move there and raise our baby, after Ivy stole it from me and took it from you. With her living out of the country, we'd never freaking find her."

He kept holding my hand. "At least there isn't a baby for her to steal. I would really kill her if she tried that shit." He shook his head. "Don't get me wrong. I know why you did what you did, but I do want children. Someday, I guess."

"Yeah, someday." I felt like more of an ass.

He pulled my hand up to his lips. "Just promise me no more lies, Will. I can't keep worrying about you like I did today. It killed me. I think it's why I let my guard up. I couldn't think straight."

I stood up and froze. I had to tell him about the baby. If I waited, he was never going to forgive me. I tried to open my mouth to speak and I started to get dizzy. Before I could even grab the edge of the bed, I went down.

I woke up in a hospital bed. Stosh was sitting beside me and he didn't look happy. The bandage was still on his head and he was also dressed in the same hospital gown as before, which meant it was probably the same day. "What happened?"

He gave me a funny look. "Apparently, when you're pregnant, it is important that you eat breakfast and take vitamins."

I didn't know what to say. I just started to cry.

"Cat got your tongue?"

"I was going to tell you. I just..."

"You let me think you had an abortion. Do you have any idea how much that hurt me?"

"Stosh, it wasn't like that. I went to the clinic, but after talking to the counselor and thinking about what I was doing, I couldn't go through with it. When you came back, I needed to be sure your intentions were good. The timing just never seemed right."

I could talk to him until I was blue in the face. He was hurt and pissed. The more I pleaded the more frustrated he became. "I'm angry at you for lying to me. I've been messed up since you told me what you'd done. The decent thing would have been to tell me the truth. I hope you get that."

"I do." I reached for his hand, but he pulled it away. "Stosh, please. I just wanted our baby to be safe. You have to understand that I had to know you weren't plotting anything with Ivy. She wanted our baby and I couldn't let that happen. I couldn't let her find out."

"The nurse said the baby is fine." He sat the sonogram picture down on my stomach.

"Please, don't be mad."

He stood there for a second, just looking at me. Then, without saying anything, he walked out of the room.

I was still hooked up to the monitors, so it wasn't like I could just get up and follow him. Obviously, he needed time to be upset with me. If my sister hadn't tried to smash his head in earlier, I would have still wondered if he would run and tell her. Now that she'd done that and I'd talked to Rafe, I knew he really was telling me the truth when he said he hated her.

This wasn't how I wanted to tell Stosh about our baby. I'd pictured being in bed and celebrating after everything had calmed down. I thought about showing him a sonogram picture and being happy together.

Now, he'd found out while I wasn't even conscious. How long had I been out of it?

The nurse came in to check my vitals. "How are you feeling?"

"Fine, I guess."

"We are going to give you some fluids and some vitamins. After we monitor you for a couple hours, you'll be free to go. It's best that you make an appointment with your OBGYN. Health care during a pregnancy is very beneficial to both the mother and baby."

"Okay, I will. Thank you."

"Your husband is in the room next to you. He's very happy about the pregnancy. I take it that it was unexpected?"

"You could say that."

"Well, I wouldn't be too worried. He seems over the moon about it."

That was the reassurance I needed. He was mad and I didn't blame him. I deserved that. It was still good to know that while mad, he was just as happy about it as I was.

There was one thing that I knew for sure. That was the last secret I was ever going to keep from him.

Chapter 20

Heart Attack v/s Hurricane.

We were released from the hospital later that night. Neither of us was worried about Ivy, since she was tied to a chair in the middle of a room. I'd locked the doors before we left and not worried if she'd died of starvation. She deserved to suffer.

Stosh didn't say much, during the ride, except that he wanted to stop and get something to eat. I didn't want to mention that I was starving, being that it would go back to me being pregnant and keeping it from him.

I'd had hours to think about what I wanted to say, but I couldn't come up with anything that would make him forgive me. He was hurt and it was directly because of my actions. I almost couldn't forgive myself.

We arrived at the restaurant and got seated. Of course, we got dirty looks with Stosh having stitches in his head. It hadn't bruised that bad around the injury, but it was enough to make it very noticeable. An egg shape could be noticed from the side and it seemed shinier than his other skin.

As for me, well, I looked normal. To everyone else, I was just a regular woman, having a meal with my husband. Only Stosh and I knew that I was impersonating my sister and carrying his child. We belonged on a talk show with big ridiculous reveals.

We'd already ordered our food when Stosh finally began to speak to me again. "Now that I know you're pregnant, we need to talk about changing our plan. What you're doing is too dangerous. Having you in jail is bad enough. I can't sit around knowing my child could be born in a prison."

"If we don't go through with this, Ivy wins."

"Do you know how immature that sounds? We are going to be parents. I think it's time we start making smart decisions. Tell your parents the truth Willow. They deserve to know what's been going on."

Our food came and we started to eat. I considered my options while chewing my first couple bites. "Ivy needs to pay for what she's done. Our baby is in danger if she's set free and you know it."

"I didn't say she should be set free. I said you should tell your parents. I'll be with you the whole time. We'll do it together."

That did make me feel better, however, it wasn't enough to set my mind totally at ease. My sister was smart and manipulative. She would figure out a way to ruin us all over again, if she had the chance.

"Fine!"

"Good. Tonight we'll go over and talk. If they kick us out, we're leaving this town together. I have contacts in every city and I can sell anything. It will be easy for me to get a job."

We finished eating and headed back to his place. I brought a box of leftovers to feed Ivy. She didn't deserve to have a meal ordered for just her.

When we pulled up at the house, everything seemed fine. It wasn't until we walked up to the door that things were suddenly wrong. The door was busted open. Stosh ran in first. I followed behind him, running right for the room my sister was in. Of course, she was gone. Stosh ran up and looked right at me. " Don't panic!"

"She's gone! What are we going to do? She'll tell everyone!"

"Hang on." Stosh ran into the bedroom and came out with the diary and a large manila folder in his hand. "Go put this in the car while I call the police. We're going to treat this like it was a normal break in. "

While waiting for the cops, we hid all of the evidence that my sister had been held hostage. The cops came in and dusted for prints. Whether they would find Rafe's was the million dollar question. I played the part of Ivy, so nothing seemed suspicious.

It was all out of hand. I was shaking so badly, wondering if I was ever going to be safe. We'd just left the restaurant with a different game plan. Now, I was going to have to tell my parents everything. I had to get to them before Ivy could. If she talked to them before me, my life could be destroyed.

The police took forever. They had to fill out a report and then insisted on checking out the main house to see if that too had been burglarized. I was trying to be patient, but every second that went by gave my sister ample time to make her next move. When the police left, we headed over to my parents.

There wasn't anyone home. I tried to call their phones, but neither answered. We knew they weren't working, since Stosh had talked to them earlier. On occasion they would catch a movie, and honestly, I had no idea what else they liked to do since I hadn't been around them in such a long time. They could have belonged to a nudist colony for all I knew.

On the way back to the house, Stosh was quiet. He was still upset with me. I got why he was, but he'd also lied to me and put me through Hell. The only reason I had forgiven him was because he'd done it all out of love for me.

I reached over and grabbed his hand. "I love you."

He looked over and finally smiled. "I love you, too."

"I know you're going to be a good father."

He smiled and looked over at me. "I appreciate you saying that. I hope you know that I would do anything in my power to keep you and our baby safe. Ivy isn't going to hurt us, as long as we stick together."

"You think Rafe helped her, don't you?" I think I had the same feeling. My visit with him must have sent him off the deep end. I don't know how he knew Ivy was inside, but together they were going to be a difficult force to be reckoned with. "I know I do."

"Yeah, it had to be him. He knew where we lived. Maybe Ivy freed herself again. Who the hell knows. Either way, I'm sure they are together. She's going to need someone on her side for when she makes her next attack, if she even gets the chance to do it. Hopefully they will hop on a plane and never look back."

"As long as they don't steal our baby, I could care less."

He let go of my hand and reached over to place his hand on my belly. It was the first time he'd done something like that and I was taken back by his actions. "Nobody is ever going to take our baby. We made that baby out of love. Fuck your sister and her head games. She's just pissed because she'll never have what we have."

"I just want to not have to watch our backs every five seconds. It would be great if she ran off with Rafe and never came back."

"I hope so." He pulled my hand up and kissed it. "I am really happy, Will. I know I lost my temper in the hospital. It just caught me off guard. I knew you couldn't have just gotten pregnant, which could only mean you lied about having the abortion. I don't blame you, though. I was a f**king douche for what I did to you. I should have been honest the whole time. I hate that you even considered that to be your only option."

"At the time, I just wanted to be free from it all. You and Ivy hurt me so much. Everything I ever believed about my sister had been this lie. I couldn't handle it. My parents disowned me and I thought you were just playing with my head. Nothing made sense." That was the lowest time in my life.

"I know. I feel like shit every day. I think I'll spend the rest of my life trying to make things up to you. I know I won't give up until I have your complete trust. It means everything to me. You mean everything to me."

"I feel the same way about you. I just wish there was an easier way for us to be together. I mean, you have to admit that this really sucks. I want to believe that everything is going to be okay, but it's hard when it all just keeps going so wrong. Now my crazy sister is out there somewhere, planning her next move on destroying us. I won't be able to sleep until I know she's put away somewhere. She needs to be put into a mental institution."

"Right now, my main concern is your safety. I want to get you home. We're going to stay in the main house and turn the alarm on tonight. Nobody is going to hurt you."

I liked that he was being so bossy. When it came to me being safe, I needed all the help I could get. "Does she know the code?"

"Hell no! I kept it a secret so I could go somewhere and she couldn't bother me. Besides, the owners change it every time they leave."

I couldn't help but smile. It felt good to know we could go somewhere and be safe from her wrath. "What if she sets the house on fire?"

He shook his head. "The alarm company reports fires. Stop worrying. You'll be fine. If it bothers you this much, tomorrow we can pack a bag and go somewhere. We'll just drive until we get tired. Hell, we can drive until you see a place that you'd love to raise a baby in. We can start over there and never look back."

Selling me on running away wasn't getting old. The more he mentioned it, the more it seemed like a great idea. "Okay."

He pulled over the car. "Seriously?"

I nodded. "Yes, seriously. This has all gotten so out of hand. I wanted my family back, but now I just think we'd be better off if we got out of this place. I hate everything about it."

He leaned over and kissed me. "So, it's settled? Tomorrow morning we're getting the hell out of here and starting our new life together?" He ran his hands through my hair. "I need to stop by the bank and close my accounts. We can live off the cash until I get situated with a new job. If it's okay with you, I want to tell my parents the truth. I know you want to leave everything behind, but I think they'd be on our side. I can show them the diary if I need to. Since I've only worked for my dad, it's important that we are on speaking terms. I need to be able to support us and I can't do that if I don't have a good job. There's a chance that my dad may even let me work remotely and stay with his company. I may still have to travel, but you can always come with me."

I couldn't believe he was just willing to give everything up for me. It was like he had no regrets when it came to our future. I felt the same way, so it made my decision so much easier to make. "I've wanted to be with you since the day you walked into my classroom. I've loved you for almost that long. All I want to do is be with you. I want to raise our baby and spend every single moment knowing we finally got to have the happy ending that we always should have. I know it took us a long time, but we're together and nothing is going to tear us apart. As long as I have your love, I don't need anyone else's approval. You're all I've ever needed, Stoshua Wheeler."

We kissed each other slowly, not paying any mind to the fact that we were pulled over on the side of the road in a little development. People probably thought we were teenagers, making out in the car so our parents wouldn't see.

"When we get home, I'm throwing all my shit in trash bags. We should just leave tonight."

My heart was beating so rapidly. I didn't have to think twice. "Let's do it!"

He pulled away from the curb before I finished the sentence. "The sooner we get out of here, the better!"

Stosh turned the corner to drive down his long driveway and stopped the car. In front of us, surrounding the little pool house, were police officers. He turned off the car and we sat there as they approached.

One officer held up a megaphone. "Stoshua Wheeler and Willow Green, step out of the vehicle with your hands in the air!"

Stosh looked over at me and reached for my hand. I could see the fear in his eyes. "Do what they say. Don't tell them anything."

"I'm scared!" I was already crying.

"It's going to be fine. My parent's will have us out by the end of the night."

We were being surrounded and running out of time. We didn't have a plan for this. In fact, this was the end of the road. My plan had backfired and now I couldn't see that light at the end of the tunnel. All I saw was pain.

Chapter 21

Claustrophobia

The police waited for me and Stosh to climb out of the car before they slammed us against it and handcuffed our hands behind our backs. Stosh kept his eyes on me the whole time they were reading us our rights. I was trying not to cry, but being arrested for the first time wasn't exactly exciting or something that I ever wanted to happen in my life. I was petrified. Neither of us belonged in jail.

Sure, kidnapping my sister and pretending to be her could be construed as illegal, but my intentions weren't. Ivy was the bad person in all of this. Surely, there had to be some kind of justice in it all.

But there wasn't.

Wherever Ivy was, she wasn't handcuffed or looked at like she was a criminal. No, she was probably pretending to be broken up about her husband sleeping with her sister. I'm sure she had everyone eating out of the palm of her hands.

As much as I wanted to focus all of my anger on my sister, I was brought back to reality when I was shoved into a cop car and separated from Stosh. I watched them putting him in a different vehicle. There was no way out of this mess now.

Stosh had been right all along. We should have just left. There wasn't anything left for us in this town except jail time.

Once I was booked, they took me to a temporary holding cell. The particular area I was in was just for women. A couple girls, who looked my age, were in the same cell with me. I could tell from what they were wearing that they were prostitutes. They looked me up and down and started to talk to each other like I hadn't even been there. I sat down on a bench and began to sob.

My life was messed up. I was pregnant and sitting in jail.

My life couldn't get any more complicated.

At least, that was what I thought.

A couple hours after being there, a guard came over and led me to another room. I had hoped that I was being bailed out, until I saw my mother sitting at the table. I sat down across from her. "Hello, Mother."

She looked so furious with me. "What do you have to say for yourself? Do you realize that you've made a mockery of this family?"

"It isn't what you think." How could she think that I could do something so wreckless? I'd always been the responsible one.

"It doesn't even matter what I think. You kidnapped your sister and pretended to be her so that you could steal her husband. What kind of person would do such a terrible thing? What do you have to say for yourself?"

I shrugged and looked down at the table. People had carved all sorts of things in the wooden top. "I have nothing to say."

She tapped her fingernails on the table. "I'm not leaving here until you explain to me why you felt it necessary to do the wreckless things that you've been up to?"

"I didn't do anything that she didn't deserve. He was mine first, Mom. She took him to spite me. She is a liar! Ivy started all of this."

I was so angry at her for not listening to a word I was saying. I needed her support. "Your father and I have discussed your future with our family. We think it would be best if we gave you some money and sent you on your way. I think it's best that you go back to where you were living and have a life there. "

I reached out for her hand, but she pulled away. "Mom, please. Don't abandon me. I never did anything wrong. I'm the one who is being taken advantage of, not Ivy!"

She shook her head and began to rub her temples like she did when she was frustrated. "I just don't know where we went wrong with you. We gave you everything you could possibly ask for. You went to a good college. What could your sister possibly have done to make you this bitter toward her? Do you have any idea how much her marriage means to her?"

"Mom, you're not listening to me. Ivy isn't the person you think she is. She's manipulative and out to destroy me. She doesn't love Stosh. Did you see what she did to his head? She could have killed him."

My mother stood up. "Enough!" She leaned in, but didn't sit back down. "Willow, I came here today to try to reason with you, but you've left me with no other options. I am not posting your bail, because I feel that the best place for you is in here. If and when you do get out, I'd appreciate it if you left town quietly and you stayed away from Stoshua. He doesn't need to be involved with you. Am I making myself clear?"

I was sobbing. My own mother was giving up on me. I couldn't believe it. I looked right up at her and gritted my teeth together as I talked. "I will not give up Stosh! We are in love and nothing you could possibly do would change that."

"We'll just see about that." She waved for the guard and left me sitting there. I felt abandoned. It was disastrous to think that I was sitting in jail while the real psycho was out planning her next path of destruction. I knew what she was going to do next and there was nothing I could do about it.

I spent the night sleeping in a ball on a small cot. The mattress was probably just as hard as the cement floor below it. I tossed and turned and cried most of the night.

For someone that had never been in trouble for anything, having a criminal record just didn't sit well with me.

Still, with both of us behind bars, I highly doubted that some guardian angel was going to swoop in and save the day. I was shit out of luck.

My arraignment was horrible. Not only did my parents attend, but my sister was right there with them. I pleaded not guilty.

Sure, I'd held her against her will, but she'd done just as bad of things to me and was still walking around.

I saw her smiling when they walked me back to jail. I thought my mother was going to bail me out, but I had no such luck. She hadn't had a change of heart and with my psychopath twin standing next to her, I knew I didn't have a chance in Hell at ever being free.

I spent my second night in a cell without sleep. I couldn't understand how I had let myself get so consumed in this plan of mine. Stosh had been right to worry. I was exactly where he'd said I'd be.

I missed my old, carefree, life. I missed my friends and the job that I had to give up.

When people are at their record low, they must consider a lot of things, because that is exactly what I started to do. I considered telling my mom that I would give up Stosh. I could leave town and somehow move on.

Anything was better than a term in a place like I was currently in. I wanted to be free. My baby couldn't be born behind bars. He or she deserved a chance at a good life. I deserved that chance too.

Leaving Stosh would be the hardest thing that I would ever have to do. He'd never stop looking for me. I knew that now. There was no way he was going to give up on me. The more I tried to reason with myself, the more upset I became. The only way out of this jail cell was to leave my heart behind.

I didn't know if it was even possible, or if I really wanted to try. So many people had been hurt. So many hearts were broken. Even though I wasn't directly the main cause, I still played a part in it. I hated myself for it.

At least I didn't have much longer to talk myself out of loving Stosh.

I made bail that evening. Without knowing who had come to my rescue, I grabbed my personal belongings and headed out to meet whoever it was. Stoshua was standing there waiting for me. He had a bouquet of flowers in his hand and looked like he hadn't slept in a week.

I ran up and threw my arms around him. "Thank you!"

He pushed me away and gave me a once over, before pulling me back into his strong arms. "I'm so glad you're okay. You can't imagine how worried I was."

"It wasn't like I was in the penitentiary. I didn't get gang raped or anything." Maybe sarcasm wasn't appropriate, but I was just trying to add a little light to my messed up situation. "When did you get out?"

"Last night. Your parents came and talked to mine. They tried to sit me down and tell me that I wasn't to have any kind of contact with you. They told me that if I bailed you out, I wouldn't have a job."

We'd started walking toward the car. It was dark out, but the smell of fresh air filled my nostrils. "Stosh, I'm so sorry. I never meant to cause this much harm to your life."

He wrapped his arm around me and pulled me close to kiss the side of my head. "Don't even say that. This is where you belong. They might have blinders on right now, but I have a plan to make this all go away."

I stopped walking. "What kind of plan?"

He grabbed my hand and started pulling me along. "Trust me, Will."

I did trust him. In fact, he was the only person in the world that I could trust. "Okay."

He opened the car door for me and drove me to a drive thru, so I could fill my empty stomach. "I need to get you filled up. When we get home you can take your vitamins and start feeling better. You look pale, babe."

"I'm fine. I didn't like the food they served and my stomach was too knotted to think about being hungry."

"I'm so sorry this happened to you." He looked sad as we waited for our food.

"It happened to both of us."

Stosh reached over and massaged my leg. "I won't stop until we nail that bitch to the wall. I promise you that, Willow. She's going to pay for this."

I smiled. "Thanks for loving me."

"Thanks for loving me back."

We ate our food like two heathens. I don't even know if we spoke while we stuffed our faces with greasy goodness. After we were done, Stosh started driving us back to his place. I was a little worried about being there, until he pulled into the main house and parked the car in the garage. "They won't know we're here." He clicked a button and the garage door closed. Then he reached out for my hand. "A large bubble bath awaits you."

The idea of soaking my troubles away sounded like heaven. "Lead the way!"

At that moment, I didn't care what the next day would bring. I didn't care about what my sister was doing or who she was planning on screwing over next. All I cared about was getting into a nice bubbly tub and feeling the touch of the man I loved. He'd come to my rescue and claimed he had a way to make everything better. As much as I wanted to know the details, I also wanted him to know that I trusted him completely. Whatever his idea was, I just hoped it worked, because spending another second without him was never going to be an option for me.

I was too in love to let him go.

Chapter 22

Wet and hot.

I was so exhausted, but Stosh insisted on pampering me in the tub. Far be it from me to deny the man something that made him happy. Since I'd never been in the main house, I took a tour before we retired to the bathroom. The house was beautiful and it was a shame that it wasn't occupied year round. It had six bedrooms and five bathrooms. It also had a full finished basement with a home theater room in it. The owner collected old arcade games and had a wall in the basement designated for them.

Of course, I had to stop and play Pac Man. I used to love playing that game with my parents when I was little. Stosh was no match for me. I got four levels past his high score on my first attempt.

Feeling defeated, I could tell he was ready to get upstairs. He kissed me on the cheek and told me to follow the music. I finished out one more game before I turned everything off and started making my way up two flights of stairs.

Soft music was playing from the far end of the hallway. I had to laugh just thinking of Stosh trying to be romantic. Even though we were both grown ups, my mind always reverted back to being in high school, where we shared a love of pizza and horror movies.

I walked into a candle lit room. Stosh was already in the tub, laying back with his eyes closed. I leaned against the doorframe and admired how handsome he was. His face had stubble from not having time to shave, but I liked it. It made him look more distinguished.

Since he was in the tub and I was just standing there, I knew that every second I wasted was another second that we could be enjoying those bubbles together. Without further ado, I started removing my clothes. Stosh heard me and opened his eyes. I liked having him watch me. I smiled as I removed my bra and panties and walked over to the edge of the tub. The water was nice. In fact, it was the perfect temperature. I took my time climbing in, on account of not wanting to slip and bust my ass.

He smiled when I sat down in front of him and leaned my back up against his chest. Nothing could have been more comfortable than being in that position after sleeping in a jail the night before. "I missed you." My finger wet his arms that were wrapped around me.

"I missed you, too."

"It will be nice when we have our own place to be able to enjoy things like this whenever we want." It would be nice to not have to hide from my lunatic sister and her obsessive boyfriend. God only knew what they were planning on doing to me next. I wouldn't be surprised if I was carjacked and left for dead on the side of the road with a bullet in my gut.

"If everything goes the way I plan, we could stay here and raise the baby."

I turned around and looked right at him. "How the hell would that ever be possible?"

He kissed me quickly and pulled away smiling. "You'll find out soon enough. I don't want to get your hopes up, but it is possible. I promise."

"And I'm supposed to trust you?" I teased.

"Yeah, you are!"

I leaned back against his chest and closed my eyes. "I do trust you, Stosh."

He ran his wet hands up and down my arms. "Good, because I was going to kiss you until you did."

"It's not a threat when it's something I enjoy."

"Maybe I enjoy it, too." He ran his hands under my br**sts and then over my ni**les. I sat up so I could feel the cold air and his hot, wet hands at the same time. My ni**les hardened and I didn't want him to stop. He took one hand and ran it down my abdomen until it was between my legs. Under the water, he began to rub on my sweet spot. I felt his finger penetrating inside of me and I loved the way it felt. As his finger went in and out, the water began to splash as he continued pleasing me. I leaned my head back against his chest and succumbed to an orgasmic release. Once he pulled it back out of me, and left me trembling, I turned around and kissed him slowly, savoring his tongue as it glided back and forth against mine.

He grabbed my hair and pulled it up, away from my neck. Then, like a vampire would, he sunk his teeth against it and bit down lightly. I backed away, but wanted him to do it again. I matched his movements, by doing the same thing to his neck. He grabbed my hair harder and pulled back again. "Straddle me, Willow. I need to be inside of you, right now. My dick is on fire for you, babe."

I reached down and felt his erection. It made me moan and I couldn't wait for it to slide inside of me. All I wanted was to be filled by this man. I wanted to feel the friction as he entered me with his length.

It wasn't just the sex I needed. I craved his touch, more than ever before. Stosh was my kryptonite and without him I knew I wouldn't want to breathe. He made my dark night seem like a bright day and my heart finally feel full.

I lifted my body up enough to position him perfectly. While sitting back down, I felt him filling me. My hands wrapped around his neck and I began moving at a good and steady speed. We kissed again, sharing our tongues before our lips made contact. Every slip of his muscle sent tingles over my skin. "You like it don't you?"

I bit down on my lip and nodded as I looked him in the eyes.

"Fuck me harder, Willow. Ride me like you want to win that race. Rock that pu**y for me, babe. Show me how you come. Tell me how good my dick makes you feel."

Hearing him say those kind of things was so hot. "It feels so good. Don't stop talking."

He pulled my hair again and licked my neck. His lips lingered on my skin. "Oh yeah, your hot pu**y feels so tight. You like it when it hurts don't you?"

I nodded again, still unable to speak words out of my mouth. I was too busy moaning.

"Tighten that pu**y for me. Squeeze me out, babe. Show me how you come."

I bucked around on top of him, making the water splash out of the tub. I didn't care. My body was giving way for the most euphoric release I'd ever experienced. I dug my nails into his shoulders and cried out as my pu**y began to tighten, just like he said it would. My muscles were pushing him out, but he shoved me down and kept moving.

I was still feeling the after effects of what had just happened to me. There was no way I could even consider still going, but Stosh wasn't done. He was still hard as a rock and waiting to rock my world all over again.

We f**ked in the tub until the water was cold. Our bodies were so hot, that we hadn't noticed.

When we climbed out, my legs felt like they were Jell-‐O and our skin was pruned. Stosh wrapped me in a towel and led me into the guest bedroom. There was no sense in me dressing. Neither one of us wanted clothes being in the way of touching each other. If I had it my way, I'd sleep with him still inside of me every night.

For the first time in my life, I didn't argue with staying wrapped in Stosh's arms all night. Being that close to him made me feel safe. He ran his hand over my belly and pulled down the covers to watch himself doing it. "I think it's going to be a girl."

I giggled. "Why?"

He shrugged and put his head on my stomach. "I don't know. I guess I can just picture myself carrying her on my shoulders and her calling me daddy. I imagine her to have your smile and my keen sense of fashion," he joked.

"You hardly match. I wouldn't let you pick out our little girls clothes."

"Sure you would. Especially after a hard day at the office. You could come home and get a kiss from your two favorite people and then sit down to a nice meal that we cooked together. She's going to be my little chef apprentice. I just know it."

"I'll be happy no matter what we have, as long as their healthy. Nothing pleases me more than to know that we're going to be a real family. When I decided to not have the abortion, I wondered how I was going to raise a baby by myself. I mean, I know lots of women do it, but it would be so difficult. I don't have money laying around. My parents had disowned me. I thought you were with Ivy. It was all so much to worry about. Now everything is different. I couldn't be more excited."

He kissed my belly. "Me too. I can't wait until this bullshit is done and we can finally get started."

"Do you have any family names you want to consider?" I ran my fingers through his thick hair.

"Nah, but I do have one I'd like to consider. "Hetero Sexual Jumpsuit."

I sat straight up. "Say what?"

He started laughing and even covered his face. "What.? It's a cool name."

"It's a ridiculous name. It sounds like a garage band. Where did you even come up with that?"

He was still laughing so hard that he had to wait to answer. "I made it up."

"You're sick in the head if you think for one second I would consider something so silly."

"I'm kidding. It was a funny joke name, though."

I shook my head and smacked him lightly. "I'm so glad we have plenty of time to consider other options. I know your name is unusual, but that is absurd."

"That's fine. I'll save that name for our first puppy."

"Poor Dog!"

We both started laughing.

For the next hour I stayed wrapped up in Stosh's arms. We talked about our future and how excited we were to finally be getting one. The only thing that wasn't discussed was my sister. Life couldn't always revolve around Ivy's antics. We deserved a shot to be together, without all of the bullshit that came with it.

Ever since he'd found out that I was having a baby, he seemed to change somehow. It wasn't like he didn't seem devoted before, it was just that it had been heightened. His excitement was obvious and it let me know that he'd do anything for us, as I would do anything for him.

We fell asleep when exhaustion made it impossible to keep our eyes open. We were safe and knowing that made it easy to relax. My body needed sleep and I stopped fighting to stay awake.

In the middle of the night I sat straight up in bed. I could feel that someone was watching me, but nobody was in the room. My heart was racing and Stosh was snoring next to me, like nothing had happened. I got up and walked over to the window. That's when I saw her.

Scientists have proven that twins have some kind of sensing mechanism. They've claimed that in some instances, we can communicate with each other through our minds. She was outside of the pool house, gathering some items and loaded them into a car. I knew she had no way of seeing me. The lights were out and I was peeking through a curtain that was floor to ceiling in length.

Still, she looked right up at the window and I swear I could see her smile. I backed away from the window, like I'd been caught.

A couple minutes after the car pulled away, I got back in bed still totally freaked out. Stosh claimed we would be able to stay there and raise our child. There was no way I was going to do that with my sister anywhere near me. That evil witch wasn't getting near my baby.

Chapter 23

Hit the road Jack.

It took me a long time to fall asleep. I sat in the bed thinking about Ivy taunting us with her antics. I wondered if I'd be looking behind my back for my entire life. The one thing I was sure of was that I just wanted to be as far away from her as physically possible.

When I woke up, Stosh was already out of bed. I could hear him in the bathroom and saw him walking out without any clothes on. I wasn't sure what turned me on more; knowing what we'd done in the tub, or what we could be doing right at that moment.

He climbed onto the bed and leaned over to kiss me. I could taste the toothpaste on his lips. "Good morning, beautiful. Are you up for breakfast with my parents?"

My eyes must have seemed like they were going to pop out of my head. "What? No!"

He laughed and nodded. "Yes! You need to get up. My mom wants us there in a half hour."

I took a pillow and put it over my face, so I could scream in it. "This can't be happening. They're going to hate me, just like my parents. Can't we just stay here, in bed?"

He pulled the pillow away from my face. "As much as I would love to be naked in bed with you, we have other, more important things to do. Besides, I know you're tired of dealing with all of this. This gets us one step closer to being able to be accepted. You said you trusted me last night. I need you to trust me right now."

"I do trust you. I just don't trust anyone else. They're going to hate me. I'm a home wrecker."

"You are not! They will love you because I love you."

I finally stopped fighting to keep the pillow between us. "Fine, since you're so sweet, I will get up and get ready. When they ask me to leave, I hope they are at least polite. I don't want your mother chasing me out of there with a frying pan."

I walked into the bathroom, so he talked louder. "I love how your imagination works, Will. I'm pretty sure my mom has never even considered chasing someone down with a frying pan. I think you watched too many cartoons as a small child. Perhaps we should prevent our child from turning out like their mother."

I had his toothbrush in my mouth when I peeked my head out the door. "Shut up! I learned a lot from Scooby Doo."

"Like how to be stoned?"

"No, smartass! I learned about solving mysteries and being good friends. I also learned what foods I would never mix together to make a sandwich."

We could joke around all we wanted, but the fact was that Stosh was throwing me right into the lion's den. I wasn't sure I could handle more rejection.

As reluctant as I was, I still got myself ready and agreed to give it a chance. Stosh seemed so certain that I wondered if he'd already told them everything. I wanted to ask, but it didn't matter. They were going to hate me if they wanted to.

When we pulled up at his parent's house, it was just like old times. We'd studied in his basement and watched movies in the room off the kitchen. I remember his parents being away and us cranking the music up as loud as it would go. We kept the pizza joint in business that year.

We were sitting in the car outside of his parent's house. He reached over and ran his hand up my thigh. "I have a good feeling about this."

"I'm glad you do. I feel like I'm going to throw up."

He climbed out of the driver's seat and I just sat there. After a few minutes, he shook his head and came over to my side of the vehicle. I pushed the lock down so he couldn't open the door. "Willow, come on."

I shook my head. "Let's just go home."

"No!" He looked so serious. "Open the damn door. You're being ridiculous."

"I am not!" I gritted my teeth. "You're still married to my sister. I'm being reasonable."

There was no way around the weirdness. Nothing could ever change the fact that they were married. Even after time, I'd still be the other sister. It made me feel like shit.

He pressed his head against the window. "I want you to do this for me. If you feel uncomfortable, I promise we can leave. I just need you to try."

I opened the door and got out. "Couldn't this at least wait until things get better? I don't want to be the other woman."

"You're not!" He corrected. "You're THE woman. You always have been; even when we weren't together."

I hated when he said the sweetest things when I wanted to be mad at him. It made it hard to hold a grudge.

He didn't knock on his parent's front door before he opened it and walked right in. I followed behind him like I'd never been in the house before. For the most part every room looked the same. There were new elements that had been added, but not much.

Stosh grabbed my hand and pulled me into the kitchen, where we could hear the clattering of pots.

His mother looked up and smiled. She pointed right at me. "You, come here, right this minute!"

I turned around and looked at Stosh before walking in her direction. From the look on her face, I was sure she was going to smack me. With fast reflexes, she grabbed me and pulled me into a hug. "Willow, I am so sorry for what has been going on. Charles and I have heard all about it from Stoshua. It pains me to say this, but I never did trust your sister. She's never made him truly happy."

I kept my arms around her, feeling like her support was giving me strength. "Thank you."

"I knew my son was hot for you back in high school. It never made sense how he ended up with Ivy. She wasn't his type what so ever. Then when all of this stuff started happening, I had to question my son. Things just weren't adding up. After he was arrested, he sat us down and explained everything. I'm very sorry for believing her, Willow. I do hope that someday you can forgive me for that."

I started sobbing. "I already do. You don't know how much this means to me." I pulled away and wiped my eyes. "I trusted her and all this time she's been living her life with a goal to destroy me. I love your son. I always have."

"Please dry your tears. It's going to be alright, child."

I shook my head. "Everything that I've ever known about my sister has been a lie. I loved her as much as I loved myself and she never cared about me at all. She'd rather see me dead than happy. In fact, she'd do just about anything to see me miserable."

Emotions were pouring out of me at this point. I couldn't control them. So much pent up anxiety had caused me to lose it finally.

"Yesterday, when we got the call that Stoshua needed our help, you can imagine how we wanted answers. Once we brought him home, he told us all about your sister. Forgive me for being blunt with you, Willow, but you've really been dragged in the muck for long enough. I'm not one to use profanity, but that little bitch has messed with the wrong family. We had no idea about any of this. I never would have accepted her into my family, otherwise."

Even though a weight was being lifted off of me, it still didn't change the mess that my sister had managed to make of my life. We'd forever be judged for our relationship. Still, I wrapped my arms around the woman. "Thank you for saying that. It's been difficult to take in, so I can understand how confusing it all must be. Had I known back then, things would have ended up differently."

"And your parents are not angry with her over this?"

I pulled away and looked down at the floor. "They think I'm the bad guy in all of this. In fact, they think I pretended to be my sister to seduce Stosh. She told them lies about me, and about him. Now we're just trying to figure out a way to be together without her finding out about the bab..." I realized what I said and just froze.

She was looking from me to Stosh. "You're pregnant?"

"I..."

Stosh stepped between us. "We're having a baby, Mom."

She put her hands over her mouth and just kept looking at us. Stosh looked at me and winked, but I was scared that everything the woman had told me was going to be retracted. "I'm going to be a grandmother?"

He began to laugh. "Yes, you are. I wanted to tell you yesterday. We just can't let Ivy find out about it."

His mom seemed alarmed by his comment. "Why?"

This time, I didn't care about keeping my feelings bottled in. "Ivy didn't just set me and Stosh up to get caught. She found out she couldn't get pregnant. I guess it also occurred to her that she'd never have Stosh's heart, so she did her research and found out when I'd be ovulating."

I saw that she was lost. "Come again? What are you saying?"

"We're twins, so my baby would be the closest thing she'd ever get to having one of her own. She wanted to steal my baby."

She looked at her son. "You knew about this?"

He held his hands up. "Yeah, I did."

"How could you?" She slapped her son right in the face. "You were raised better!"

He didn't back away from her. "Mom, I can explain."

"You better start!"

Stosh spent the next hour telling his mother the details that he'd left out before. Even I could tell how disappointed she was in him, even if his intentions were out of desperation.

When it was all said and done she turned her attention back to me. "Willow, I am awfully happy about being a grandmother, but I wouldn't blame you for being angry with my son. I don't approve of his actions."

"He wasn't the only one who lied. I told him I aborted the baby. I had gone back to town and just wanted to forget what had happened. Regrettably, I did make the appointment, but the idea of giving up a baby was just too much for me to handle. Besides, I think in my heart, I just wanted to have a part of your son, even if he didn't want that with me."

"So you were never going to tell him?"

I shrugged. "I don't know."

She shook her head. "This is like something I read in my novels. I didn't think this kind of stuff happened in real life."

"Apparently, it does."

She pointed at both of us. "So, where do you stand now?"

He put his arm around me. "We're together; where we should have been all along."

"And Ivy?"

"We don't know where she is." I announced.

"So you could be in danger?"

If you enjoyed this book, please share a comment or review. Let me know what you think of this book by contacting me at the follow:

"I will keep her safe." Stosh informed her.

"You'll stay here with us. I'm not having that girl come anywhere near my grandchild." She was adamant.

The last thing either of us wanted to do was stay at his parent's house, but we knew it was a safe place to be before we could get everything else figured out. The next few weeks were going to be hectic as Stosh would be looking for a new job and a place for us to live.

Since his father wasn't around for the conversation, he had to sit down with him later that night and explain it all again. He was as flabbergasted as his wife, but ended up being just as supportive.

Before bed, Stosh held me tightly in his arms. I felt safer than I had in days. "I'm going to see your mother tomorrow."

I sat up and looked at him. "What?"

"It's time she starts listening, Will. This shit has been going on long enough. Instead of running from Ivy, we're going to fight her. She's going down and I'm going to do my damndest to make sure that it's slow and painful."

"Fine by me."

He kissed me on my nose. "Get some sleep. You're coming with me in the morning."

Chapter 24

Say What?

I didn't want to face my parents, especially since they'd just written me off without hearing my side of the story. I get how things looked, but I still deserved the chance to plead my case, whether I was having an affair or not.

His parents stayed up pretty late, asking a million more questions. I got that they were confused. Hell, I still didn't fully understand the complexity of everything that had been happening. One thing we all knew was that my sister was sick. She needed help.

As much as she'd done to me, there was still this small part of me that felt like I was the only one that could get through to her. Contrary to her accusations of hating me, I felt like she must love me enough to want to be me so badly. Against my better judgment, I walked out onto Stosh's parent's terrace with my cell phone.

Before I changed my mind, I quickly dialed my sister's number.

You have a lot of nerve calling me.

You have a lot of nerve saying that.

What do you want, Willow? Are you calling to brag about how you got the guy, because I don't care anymore. In fact, I'm totally bored with it all.

I'm calling because I want you to tell Mom and Dad the truth.

Fat chance, sis.

You owe me, Ivy. After trying to ruin my life, it's the least you can do.

I owe you nothing!

Ivy, please. We'll leave town and never bother you again.

I'm not giving you the satisfaction of being the favorite again. Mom and Dad are eating out of the palm of my hand. They just gave me a hundred grand to start a new life. You really think I'd f**k that up?

You're using them!

Of course I am. Just because things didn't work out with you, didn't mean that I hadn't come up with a backup plan. Things couldn't be working out better. Mom and Dad are feeling so sorry for me that they are bending over backwards to make me happy. They think you're the worst person on the planet. I love it! I know for a fact that they changed their will. I get everything.

They're going to find out the truth someday, Ivy.

They won't find out. I'm making sure of that.

What are you going to do?

Goodbye, Willow.

The call had been ended.

I was immediately petrified of what was going to happen next. Without regard for what time it was, I dialed my parent's house number.

Hello?

Dad, it's Willow. Listen to me, please. Ivy is up to something and you might be in danger. I need you and Mom to leave town for a couple of days.

Willow, how did you get out of jail? Tell us where you are. You need help, honey.

Dad, no! Please!

Willow, you need to stop this. You need to get help. Your sister has been through enough trauma.

I hung up the phone, realizing that I wasn't going to get anywhere with him. I'd have to prove it to them, somehow.

Looking back, I should have woke up Stosh and asked him to go with me, but I was too worried about what my sister was planning to do. For some reason, I felt like my parents were in serious danger.

There was no time to rationalize with my quick decision. An hour after my phone call, I was already halfway down the road, in a pair of pajama pants. Stosh's car was a stick shift and it was hard for me to get used to it. The gears grinded as I switched from one to another.

The house was dark and it was quiet outside. The lights were all turned out, as well as all the other houses on the block. Nothing seemed out of the ordinary, but I wasn't going to be able to rest until I knew they were both safe. That eerie feeling was overwhelming me more and more by the second.

Unfortunately, the house was locked and the key that had been hidden, had been moved. I checked under every rock, in the mailbox and even the electrical box on the side of the house with no result.

Maybe it was the worst thing I could have done, but I started beating on the back door. My parents may have wanted nothing to do with me, but I couldn't abandon them.

I heard footsteps and someone unlocking the door, albeit the person that answered was not one of my parents.

Rafe stood at the door with a gun pointed at me. "Don't make a scene, Willow."

I immediately threw my hands in the air. "Rafe, please?"

He pointed behind him with the gun. "Get inside!" He closed the door and locked it behind him. I looked around quickly, but didn't see or hear my parents. He turned around. "Where's the boyfriend?"

"He's not here!" I wished he was, but I'd left him sleeping.

"If you're lying, it will be the last thing you ever do." His threat wasn't taken lightly. I said nothing as I backed away from him.

"I swear. I'm all alone. Now tell me where my sister is! Where's Ivy and where are my parents?"

I heard someone walking down the stairs. "Well, I couldn't have planned this any better. Did you come here to say goodbye, Willow?"

"What are you talking about? Are you leaving town? Did you come here for the money?"

She started laughing. "The hundred grand? I can't survive on that."

I was scared with the way she'd said that. "Ivy, what are you planning on doing?"

"Don't be stupid, Will. I think you already know the answer to that."

I shook my head and backed up against the wall as she got to the bottom of the steps. Her boyfriend kept his gun pointed right at me. "Please, Ivy. Please don't do this. They'll give you anything you want. Please don't hurt them."

She reached over and ran her hand through my hair. I pulled away, but didn't make any sudden moves to alert Rafe. "Dear sister, if you only knew how happy I am that you're here. I'd been trying to figure out how I was going to make this go off without a hitch. With you here, everything just got so much easier."

"What are you talking about?"

She laughed at me. "You've already been arrested. The state thinks you're a loose cannon. When they see your lifeless body holding the gun that killed our parents, there won't be anyone to argue it. I've already practiced my part of it all. After a few weeks of grieving, I'll meet with the attorney and collect their entire estate. The life insurance will take about a month to receive. The hundred grand check will hold me over until that comes." She clapped her hands together and reached for Rafe. He walked over to her and kissed her like I wasn't in the room. "Then we can run off and do anything we want, right, baby?"

"You're sick!"

"Fuck you! Do you think I care what you think? Nobody has ever cared what I thought."

"You're wrong! I cared. I would have done anything for you."

She pushed me, sending me falling to the floor. "I didn't want your f**king sympathy. You will never understand, because you had everything I wanted. They were so proud of you. Their sweet Willow got the good grades. She made the right decisions. She fell for the good guy. I'M SICK OF IT! They worshipped you while ignoring me. I hate them!"

"That isn't true, Ivy. They love you. We all did."

She held up her hand. "Just stop, Willow. I'm done feeling like I will never be worthy. I've spent too much time planning this all out to back down now. I want to be happy and the only way that will happen is if they're out of my life for good."

"Murdering your family isn't going to make you feel better."

"Awe, do you think I care what you think of me or how you think I'll feel? I don't!"

"Where are they?" If I was going to die, I wanted them to know that I loved them. It didn't matter if they thought I was the traitor in the family. Nothing mattered when it came to being able to say goodbye when in this extreme of a situation.

I was already crying, in fear of my fate. Stosh was never going to know I was gone until the morning. He'd never get to say goodbye to me, or share in the birth of our baby.

No, this drastic move had sealed my fate. I could feel it in my bones. I wasn't getting out the house alive and neither were my parents.

She turned her head and let out this evil kind of laugh. "You want to say goodbye, don't you?"

There was no love in my sister's eyes. She lost all of her morality. It was replaced with shear hate and nothing I could say or do was going to change that. "Please."

She pointed toward me and looked over at her boyfriend. "Take her ass upstairs with them. Make sure you watch her. She's sneaky."

He grabbed my arm and pulled me to stand up. "Let's go!"

My sister was talking to someone as I was pulled up the steps. I couldn't hear what she was saying, and I really didn't care. I wanted to think that I was going to make it out alive and somehow save my parents, but it wasn't going as planned. Rafe was a big, muscular guy, plus he had a gun pointed at me. Running would end my life sooner.

I saw my parents sitting on their bed. They were tied together and had duct tape over their mouths. I ran toward them, forgetting about the guy that was holding me. He didn't try to pull me away as I freed myself from his grasp.

My parents couldn't say anything, but I ran over and wrapped my arms around both of them. They leaned their heads on me and I knew that they had figured out what was going on. "I love you both! We're going to be fine." I lied.

Rafe got close. "Sit down and shut up!"

I backed myself further onto my parent's bed. "Please, Rafe. Don't be a part of this. You don't have to do this. Ivy is sick. She needs help. You don't want to kill ..."

He slapped me right across the face with the back of his hand. "I said shut the f**k up!"

I pulled my knees up to my chest and cried on the bed, while my parents watched. They were just as afraid as I was and we needed to be. I saw Ivy walk into the room with the diary in her hand. She threw it right at me, hitting me on my ear. The pain was immediate. "How did you get this?"

Stosh was the last person to have the diary. Had she called him?

Oh my God, were they in this scheme together this whole time? Had this all been some master plan? Was he on her side this entire time?

I couldn't help but fear that was the truth.

"Tell me how you got this?" She walked closer to the bed and pointed at the book.

"I found it!" She slapped me again. "Liar!"

"You know where I got it!" I sat up and looked right at her. At that point I had no idea how the diary got into her hands. If I was going to die, I was going to fight.

She seemed shocked that I would get smart with her. "Who else has seen this?"

I started laughing and crossed my hands over my chest. "Enough people to make sure you're put away for whatever happens here tonight."

She grabbed the book and chucked it against the wall, screaming at the top of her lungs. With no regard for her losing control, she ripped the gun away from Rafe and put it against my temple. "You ruined my life!"

I closed my eyes and prepared myself for my fate. It would be a lie if I said I wasn't petrified. There was so much that I needed to say and no time left to be able to do it.

Chapter 25

Open your eyes.

When you feel your life flashing before your eyes, a million thoughts begin to run through your head. I found myself wondering if I was going to feel the bullet as it plummeted through my skull. I thought about how they would find my body and what excuse my sister was going to use to blame everything on me.

Mostly, I wondered about Stosh. For a second I wondered if he was involved somehow, but then I thought about our baby, the one that would never get to be born. Stosh was never going to know them and his dreams of being a father would be gone again.

The gun was pushing into my skin and without regret, I screamed, "I'm pregnant!"

When the pressure of the gun disappeared, I opened my eyes and saw my sister staring at me. She had it pointed at my face. I held my hands in the air. "You're lying!"

I shook my head. "I'm not! I swear!"

She stared at me like she was looking into my soul. I could see how broken she was inside. This wasn't the little girl that I played with and shared my heart with as a child. My sister was broken. She'd lost her mind as a result of jealous rage. That little girl was gone forever.

She put down the gun and looked over at her boyfriend. "Go to the store and buy a test."

"It's the middle of the night!" He argued.

"I don't give a shit! If this bitch is telling the truth, I need to know."

The truth was that I'd rather die than give her my baby. Telling her my most precious news was only to buy me enough time to save my family. I was desperate and grasping at whatever I could.

"I'm not lying. I wasn't going to keep the baby, at first, so I didn't tell anyone."

She tapped the gun on the top of her head and paced around the room. "Who is the father?"

"You know the answer to that, since you planned to get me pregnant so you could steal my baby. Did you really think Stosh would let you do that?"

"I don't give a damn what Stosh was going to do. He was just part of the plan that you messed up for me. That's what you do, though. You mess up everything and come out smelling like roses." I tried to stand up, but she pointed the weapon at me again. "Don't even try it! Stay down."

"You won't hurt the baby. I know you won't!" I was so afraid of her, but admitting that would only make her happy.

She was looking over at my parents and then back to me. "Take her to the car and wait for me there."

Rafe grabbed me by my arm and started pulling me out of the room. "Wait! What about them? Ivy, please don't hurt them. They love you."

"Save it for someone who cares. They lost the chance to be my parents."

I tried to pull my way out of Rafe's hold, but it only sent me falling to the floor. He pulled my hair and got me standing back up as he pulled me down the stairs.

None of the screaming or crying was getting me any pity from my sister's partner in crime.

We got to the bottom of the stairs when I heard one single gun shot. I screamed, loudly and collapsed to the ground. Neither of us knew what had taken place, so Rafe went running back up the stairs. While I watched him, I felt something touching my arm. I screamed again, but was stopped by someone's hand. They picked me up and drug me out of the room. Once we were in the kitchen, the person turned me around. Stosh was standing there with his fingers over my mouth. He leaned in close to my ear. "Don't make a sound."

"Ivy has a gun. She just shot someone. My parents are upstairs!" I was freaking out and he knew it. He ripped the restraint and freed my hands, then brought them up to his mouth and kissed them.

"Stay here. Call the police and hide. No matter what you hear. I need you to promise me that you won't come out."

I shook my head. "I need to know."

We heard someone coming down the stairs. "Promise me, Willow. Please!"

He ran away before I could say anything. I looked down with trembling hands at the phone he'd left with me. Two voices were on the lower level. I could hear Rafe's accent and deep voice as he yelled at my sister. She was arguing back. I heard one thing clear. "Find her!"

I ducked down in the back of my parent's pantry and made sure the door was closed. They were going to find me. I'd hid in there every single time we'd played hide and go seek. With only seconds to spare, I dialed the numbers.

I heard the operator answer and whispered the words "help me!"

When I knew she'd heard me, I whispered the address and sat the phone on the floor. The operator was still trying to talk to me when I heard the door to the pantry opening.

Ivy stood there looking at me with a wicked look on her face. "There you are!"

She reached in and grabbed my hand, pulling me out. "I'm not done with you yet." She gritted her teeth.

"What did you do Ivy? What happened upstairs?"

"Shut your mouth or you'll end up just like he did."

I froze and she finally realized that my hands had been freed. She reached for me, but I backed away quickly, grabbing a bottle of wine and swinging it at her. The first time she ducked out of the way, but the second time I made a direct hit with the side of her jaw. The bottle didn't break like I assumed it would. She grabbed her face and crouched down with overwhelming pain.

Rafe must have heard her crying. He ran into the kitchen to assess what was going on. I made a run for the front door, hoping to make it outside. Another gunshot caused me to freeze in place. I turned around slowly and saw her aiming it right at me. "Get your ass over here, right now!"

"Ivy, don't!"

I saw him coming in out of the corner of my eye. Stosh took Ivy down, sending the gun to the floor. It spun around and landed under an antique table that my father had purchased in France. Rafe dove on top of Stosh and the two of them began to scuffle around, throwing punches. Ivy rushed for the gun, and so did I. We both knew that whoever got to it first was going to determine how all of this played out.

I reached my hand in beside hers, while we struggled to swing our free hands at each other. I managed to climb on top of her and get a couple punches in. She wrapped her legs around me and flung me onto the floor. I felt her fist hitting below my eye. The pain was immediate, but I kept fighting back. My life was at stake.

I knew I had seconds to make a decision. With no regard for my safety, I stopped blocking her and reached for the gun. It was at that very moment that she kneed me right in the stomach. It took my breath away and forced me to clench up in a ball.

It also gave her just enough time to locate the gun and aim it right at me.

I glanced over to look for Stosh and saw him punching on Rafe.

Ivy was still on top of me and I was staring down the barrel of the gun. Slowly, she climbed off of me, never taking her aim off of me. She stood up straight and smiled. "I walked in on you attacking our parents. We fought and struggled over the gun. It went off and then you just stopped breathing."

I heard her c**k it back and closed my eyes. "I always loved you, Ivy. I would have done anything for you."

"It's too late to be my friend. Nothing can save you now!"

I'm really not sure if he was already running toward me, but when I heard the gunfire, I kept my eyes shut and just waited to feel it taking my life away. Instead, I heard someone grunting and a loud crash next to me. I opened my eyes to see Stosh lying against the table. He was holding his stomach and blood was rushing out around his hand.

I ran toward him, while Ivy stood there in shock. She got down on the floor and tried to assess the damage. "Stoshua! Oh no! It wasn't supposed to be you. No! Please, be okay."

She let the gun fall to the floor and I picked it up. Stosh watched me, but said nothing as his eyes became heavy. "Stay with me, Stosh. Don't go to sleep, babe." I pointed the gun at Ivy. "Get your ass away from him! You just shot him and now you want to care? You're done Ivy! You are so done!"

My stomach was on fire and I knew I had to get to a hospital as soon as possible. Not only did I have to worry about me and getting Stosh to a doctor, I also didn't know if my parents were alive.

It was too much to handle for someone in my situation, but I was doing it. I was going to get us out of there.

At least, that's what I thought, until I felt someone taking out my legs. I fell down to the floor in front of my sister. Rafe bent over and grabbed the gun off the floor, I turned on my back to see him lifting and aiming it directly at me.

I'd fought so hard to stay alive. I'd gotten the gun away from my sister and watched my boyfriend take a bullet for me. I heard a gunshot go off and wondered if my parents were even breathing. Now my fate was being sealed. With seconds left to live, I turned and looked over at Stosh. His face was going to be the last thing I saw.

He was reaching for me, his hands dripping with blood from his wound. His eyes were barely open and I could tell he was in terrible pain.

"Willow..." he whispered.

All of the sudden the door burst open and a gun went off. Rafe fell down on top of me. I could actually hear him taking his last breaths. I struggled to get away from him, but he weighed too much.

Loud voices filled the room and I felt someone removing the lifeless body that was keeping me pinned down.

Police officers rushed over and everything started happening so fast. I was carried out of the house. Medical workers ran inside, but I was to weak to talk. My stomach was hurting and I'd just felt someone die on top of me.

After a few minutes, I watched the crew bringing Stosh out on a stretcher. While looking to my left, I watched a helicopter landing on my parent's front lawn. They hopped out and lifted the stretcher into the aircraft before lifting up and flying him away.

I knew he was in serious condition if they were flying him to a bigger hospital. While trying to contain my emotions, I watched two police officers escorting my parents outside. Without regard for my own health, I hopped off the ambulance and went running toward them. I could see them crying even before I made it into their arms.

"Oh Willow, we're so sorry." My mother gave me a once over before hugging me again. "We had no idea what was happening. Stoshua came to the hospital and left the diary in my office. I never opened the envelope until tonight. When I drove home, to show it to your father, your sister was here waiting. I'm so sorry, sweetie."

"I thought she shot you." It was all that would come out.

"We're going to be fine. Your sister aimed the gun at your father, but she couldn't go through with it. She shot the ceiling and ran downstairs." My mother was crying so badly that she couldn't continue speaking. My father pulled her into his arms and just held her.

Shooting pain sent me to my knees. It was the last thing that I could remember before waking up in the hospital.

Chapter 26

I can't lose you.

Waking up in a hospital room and remembering how you got there isn't exactly a peaceful thing to go through. It took me a few seconds to focus on the room. My parents were in a chair together and they were asleep. It was so good to see that they were there with me. Just imagining a life without them in it would be difficult. They'd never be able to meet their...my baby.

I sat up and looked around again, noticing that I had an IV sticking in my arm. A clear drip was being administered and I was desperate to know what was going on.

"Mom?" My voice was raspy. It felt so dry, like I hadn't drank anything in days.

She stirred and rushed over to the bedside. "Willow, are you okay? Are you in any pain? Oh my God, this is all my fault. How could I have not known?" She started crying and buried her head into my father's chest.

I shook my head, but placed my hands on my stomach. Fear overwhelmed me when I thought about my baby. I tried to sit up straight in the bed, but my mother kept me still. "Mom, I..."

"The baby is fine, Willow. Stosh's parents called us from the hospital. They were so worried about you. We ran the tests ourselves and did a sonogram." She lifted up the picture that happened to be in her hand. "I never would have forgiven myself if something bad would have happened to you or your child. We had no idea that Ivy was capable of such horrible things."

I grabbed her hand. "Mom, the pain was horrible. I was sure I was having a miscarriage. You're sure everything's okay?"

"You went through something traumatic and were injured from fighting. I would imagine the pain would be unbearable. I can assure you that the baby is fine. It is still so small and well protected. Fetuses can be so resilient. Women have fallen down stairs and even been in accidents and still carried to term. Hang on a minute and I'll prove it to you." She stood up and messed with the monitor above my head. A thumping sound got louder. It sounded like a heartbeat, but was much faster.

"What is that?"

"That's your baby. Their hearts beat faster than ours. We were afraid it would be too early to hear."

"I'm around nine to ten weeks. I was four or five weeks when I found out. At first I didn't know what I was going to do. You and dad thought I purposely had an affair with Stosh. You couldn't have known that it was all some scheme of Ivy's to steal my baby." She started to turn the volume back down. "No! Please keep it on." I wanted to hear it's little heart beating. It made me think of Stosh and how we were finally going to be a family.

She smiled and kissed my forehead. "You should rest."

"I can't rest. I want to know about Stosh. I watched him get shot." I rubbed my stomach. "He has to be okay. We have to be together. He wants this baby more than anything. We want to be a family."

She looked over at my father and then back to me. "He's in surgery. The bullet became lodged and they are working to get it out."

I started to cry, becoming frantic. "Is he going to die? He can't...I mean, he has to be okay. We can finally be together. He has to be alright." I was crying so badly that the words were hard to get out.

I put my hands over my face and bawled.

My heart rate rapidly increased and my father stood up and came to my bedside. "Sweetheart, you have to relax. Worrying isn't going to help him get better. You have to stay positive." I hated him talking to me like I was one of his patients.

I looked at both of them and felt myself dying inside. Not knowing Stosh's fate was killing me. I couldn't raise a baby without him. He promised to be with me. He told me that nothing could keep us apart again.

"Ivy! Where is she?" I couldn't remember anything. "Tell me they got her."

"Your sister was taken into custody. Her accomplice didn't make it. She isn't going to hurt you anymore, Willow. We promise you that." I could see the pain in my father's eyes. They were so disappointed. Who could blame them? Their own daughter had planned to murder her entire family for money and a baby that wasn't hers.

What kind of human being could be that cold?

My mother patted my leg. "She's being held at the county detention center until her arraignment. When we know where they are going to send her, your father is having her evaluated by someone he works with. Even if your sister would ever get out of jail, she's going to be put away in an institution for a very long time. After talking to Stosh's parents, we have a better idea of everything that's been going on. We're really sorry that we didn't believe you. We just never thought your sister would be capable of such madness."

"She wanted you dead. In fact, she wanted us all dead. I never had any idea how she felt about me. I trusted her and all along she's been trying to ruin my life."

My mother ran her hand through my hair. "Will you ever forgive us?"

I wanted to tell them that I was still angry; that nothing they said or did could make me forget that they'd turned their backs on me, but I just couldn't. All I cared about was Stosh and our baby. "I'm not mad at you guys. We were all a part of Ivy's scheme. None of us could have known she was capable of such horrible things."

"Can we get you anything?" She asked.

"I need Stosh. Please, can you just find out if he's okay? I need to know, Mom. I need to hear his voice. I can't rest until I know he's going to be fine."

She looked over at my father. "We can go make some phone calls. Are you going to be okay here by yourself? I'm so worried about you."

I nodded. "I'll be fine as soon as I know he's okay." I rubbed my abdomen again. "We need to know."

"You really love him don't you?"

"I've loved him since the day he first walked into my life. I was just too afraid to tell him. Ivy took advantage of that and kept us apart. She told him I wasn't interested and seduced him into thinking they slept together after prom. You read the diary. You know the truth." I wiped my eyes again. "I can't lose him, Mom. I just can't, not after everything we've been through to be together."

When my parents walked out of the room, I felt myself losing control of my emotions. My life had been threatened. My unborn child's life had been threatened and their father had been shot. My sister was still ruining our lives, even from behind bars.

While Stosh fought to stay alive, she was probably sitting in a cell gloating about her accomplishments. I imagined bursting into the lock up room and shooting her for the hell of it. She made me sick and, for the first time, I accepted that she was no longer my sister.

I didn't care if she was sick in the head. There were just some things in life that couldn't be forgiven. I'd never forgive her for ripping out my heart and threatening my life and the people that I loved.

When my parents didn't come back right away, I knew something had to be wrong. They didn't want to burden you with bad news.

The problem was that I just had to know. I had to know if he didn't make it.

I had to know if a part of my soul was going to be lost forever.

It hurt even more knowing that we'd missed so much time together. We should have been the ones that were married with little children running around.

All of the little things that Stoshua had done, while helping Ivy, seemed so small in comparison to a lifetime without him. I didn't care that he'd lied to me, or hurt me. He did it to be with me, because he thought it was the only way it could ever happen. I think if the roles were reversed, I would have been desperate enough to do the same. My love for him had only grown stronger and the baby that was growing inside of me helped me to forgive.

The only thing that I wanted was to be able to feel his strong arms wrapping around me. I wanted to see him holding our baby when he or she was born. I wanted to lay in bed with our baby in between us, while looking into each other's eyes.

He was everything to me and, even when we weren't together, he always had been.

I waited another half hour before I sat up and started pushing the button for a nurse.

A woman, a little older than me came walking in. "Can I help you with something?"

"My parents? Have you seen them?"

She shook her head. "I'm afraid my shift just started. I can look around for them."

"Don't worry about it. They probably went to get something to eat."

After she walked away, I grabbed the telephone and dialed Stosh's number. Of course, I should have known that he couldn't answer. Maybe I just wanted to hear his voice when the message thingy came on.

This is Stosh. You know what to do.

I started crying harder, just hearing his recorded voice.

It's me. I know you aren't listening right now, but I need you to know how much I love you. No matter where I was in life, you never left my mind and my heart. It's always been you, Stoshua Wheeler. I don't care about the past or what we've had to go through. I just want our future. I want us to be together. It doesn't matter where we live, or what we do, as long as we're together. We're a family now and I need you so much. Do you hear me, Stosh? I can't lose you, babe. I can't lose the one thing that I've always wanted. We're so close. You have to fight. Please, just be okay. I can't live without you.

If he did hear the message, I wasn't sure he would be able to hear the last parts. I was too emotional. Thinking about the possibility of him not surviving was making it hard to breathe. I needed to know.

I had to call information to get his parent's phone number. I called three times and nobody had answered. I didn't know who else I could call or what I could do. Knowing that they were going to come back at some point, I didn't call my parents. If they were staying away, it was for a legitimate reason.

Unfortunately, only one thing could have kept them away.

My fear of losing Stosh was becoming a reality.

When my parents finally came around the corner, and my mother had tears in her eyes, I knew it couldn't be good. I sat up and immediately started to cry harder. I felt all of my hope leaving my body. My heart was empty.

"No!" I shook my head while continuing to cry.

My parents looked at each other and then back to me. I didn't take my eyes off of them as I waited to hear. I wished I was one of those people that could feel nothing. I wanted to be numb, instead of feeling overwhelmed with pain.

"Just say it. I need to hear you say it."

Chapter 27

I need a Mulligan.

They came over to the bed and my mother grabbed my hand. "Sweetie, Stosh isn't gone. He just may not be able to ever walk again. The bullet was lodged into his spine. He's been in surgery for four hours and they are afraid he has spinal damage."

I didn't hear the part about Stosh being paralyzed. All I heard was that he was going to live. "He's really okay?"

"Your father talked to the surgeon himself." My mother looked over at him and gave him a nudge."

"It's true. I spoke to Malcolm Brodham on the phone. We were colleagues a while back. The bullet entered clean, but became lodged in Stoshua's lower spine. They won't know the extent of his paralysis until he wakes up and can begin physical therapy."

"But, he's alive?"

"Yes, sweetheart, he's alive."

I was so happy. Of course I was afraid of his recovery, but he was going to be able to hold his child. He would be there during the birth and to celebrate birthdays and holidays. "I need to go there. I have to see him."

"Willow, you're in the hospital. Stosh would want you safe," my mother argued.

I shook my head. "Please! He's all I've had for a while now. He needs me there."

"You aren't due to be released until the morning."

I grabbed my IV and ripped it out of my arm. My mother seemed so shocked that she rushed over and tried to grab my arm. "Willow, what are you doing?"

I pulled away. "Take me to Stosh. You both have the pull to get me out of here. I'm fine. You said it yourself. Check me out under your care. You can stay with me the whole time. I just need you to take me to Stosh. I'm not asking you. Now, you can either help me, or I will call a cab and get there myself."

I hated threatening them, but nothing was going to stop me from seeing Stoshua. I had to be there with him. Nothing else mattered in my life at that very moment.

My parents didn't fight me after I threatened to go alone. Within a half hour, we were in the parking lot, headed for their car. They insisted on keeping me in a wheelchair and I didn't even care. As long as we were headed to the other hospital, I was okay with their insisting.

The anticipation of seeing him had me on edge. My parents tried to talk to me during our twenty-‐minute ride, but I could hardly answer them. All I wanted to do was wrap my arms around Stosh and feel that rush of relief. The worst was over and we were going to be able to breathe again.

No matter what he had to go through, we were going to do it together. From now on, we were going to be a team. Nothing could come between us.

So I thought.

We arrived at the hospital and my parents were adamant about me being wheeled in. I imagine running, but just knowing I would get there was fine with me. They had to stop and talk to a couple people, since it was after hours and our situation wasn't ideal. Thank God, both of my parents knew their way around a hospital, and enough physicians to be able to get around the rules.

Stosh's parents were both in his room. They were arguing with him and I didn't understand why that would be happening.

I thought when he saw me; he'd be happy and reach his arms out for me to come into them.

Instead, he turned his head in the opposite direction, like he hadn't even seen me at all. It hurt my feelings, especially considering what I'd done to get there. I looked back at my parents and told them to let me go in alone. Stosh's parents both kissed my head as they walked out of the room to join my parents. He still hadn't turned back around, even as I spoke to his mom and dad.

I wheeled the chair over to his bed and reached out for his hand. He pulled away. "Don't, Will."

"Don't what? I came as fast as I could. I was so worried about you. I thought I lost you."

He put his hands over his face. "We can't be together."

I froze. "What?"

"Look at me, Willow. I'm f**king crippled. I'm never going to walk again. Do you really think I'd be a good father? Hell, I probably can't even have sex. You really want to have to take care of me, too?"

"I will. I'll do whatever I have to." It was the truth.

"You will for the first couple of months, maybe even years, but after a while you'll get so tired of it. Then I'll just be a burden."

I shook my head and pushed him. "Don't tell me what I want, or how things will be. You don't know that. I'd never feel that way."

"That's what they all say. All I am is a charity case. Nothing is ever going to be okay."

I got that he was in shock over his diagnosis, but it was no reason for him to shut me out. "Stosh, please. You don't mean what you're saying. I know you don't feel that way. We're having a baby. You're going to be a father."

He scrunched up his face. "What kind of father would I be? I can't raise a kid. I don't even know if I'll be able to wipe my own ass. Just face it Willow. This dream of ours was over before it ever started. Ivy got what she wanted. She ruined my life."

I started to cry harder. "I won't let you do this, not after everything that has happened. I'm not going to give up on us, not ever." I had to cover my face, not because I was ashamed, but because the pain of it all was too much to take. I hadn't just gone through Hell to be pushed away.

"I'm really sorry, Willow. You know I wanted us to be together."

I let my hands fall to my sides and looked at him. It was so confusing. "You're sorry? You're the one pushing me away. You're the one saying we can't be together. I don't give a damn if you lost your arms and your legs. I'd still want you to be a father to our child. I can't do this without you."

He shook his head. "You can and you will. You were going to do it before we got together. I know you're capable. If it's money you want, then I'll pay child support. Hopefully, in time, you'll find someone that can take you places, that will want to adopt our baby and raise them as their own." I could see that his last sentence had gotten to him. He started to choke up on his last words. "I need you to be happy, Willow. It's all I want."

I walked over to his bed. "I don't believe what your saying. I don't believe you're going to just let me go off and live a life with someone else. I sure as hell don't believe you're going to let someone else raise your child. You can act like a total dick to me. You can tell me to go away, so you can sit there and feel sorry for yourself. I'm not going anywhere, Stosh. I will wait for you. I'll wait as long as I have to, and when you're ready, you'll have that life you always wanted."

I could tell he was fighting his own tears. He was devastated and I couldn't blame him for it. I would have reacted the same way if I thought I wasn't going to ever be able to walk again. It was a terrible tragedy, but it wasn't the end of his life. If anyone could get through it, we could.

He put his hands back over his face. "I can't do this right now. Don't you get it? If you hadn't snuck off on your own, I wouldn't be lying in this f**king bed! Now, just get out of here. You've done enough!"

I reached over and ran the back of my hand down his arm. "I love you. Nothing will ever change that."

It was hard for me to walk out of those doors. All I'd wanted to do was rush in and be with him. I had no idea he'd be sending me away like I meant nothing to him. It not only hurt my feelings, but it made me wonder if a part of him would ever be able to get past having a disability.

My parents were standing with Stosh's. I think they knew that things hadn't gone the way I wanted them to, when I came out of the room in tears. I felt embarrassed because I'd had faith in our love. It didn't make sense that Stosh could just push me away. Did he really think I was that kind of person?

Neither my mother nor father asked questions on the way home. They whispered things to each other, but said nothing about Stosh or Ivy. It wasn't until we pulled up at their house when they both turned around to get my attention. "We can stay at a hotel if it would be easier for you." I was surprised that they wanted to stay there. My mother didn't look too sure when she was asking.

I shook my head. "It's fine. I'm too exhausted to worry about anything else." That was a lie. The only thing I wanted to do was lock myself in my old room and cry myself to sleep. My heart was breaking and, this time, it wasn't because someone had died. It was because he lived, but didn't want to be with me, or our baby.

My sister had stolen my happiness, just like she'd planned. She may have ended up in jail, but in the end, she got exactly what she wanted.

Stosh didn't want to be with me.

Thinking about it made me break down, in the backseat of my parent's car. My mother climbed out of the passenger seat and opened the back door for me. I grabbed her hand and let her pull me out of the car. She wasted no time, pulling me into her comforting arms. "I'm so sorry, honey."

"Why doesn't he want me? What did I do wrong?"

"He's going through something traumatic. Until he can come to grips with his situation, it's better if you stay apart."

"But, I don't want to. I need him." I heard my father getting out of the car and coming around to our side. Her rubbed my back while I cried in their driveway. "All of this was so that we could be together. He blames me for what happened."

"What happened to him was directly due to your sister's antics. Stosh will come around. I see this in all of my patients. They need someone to blame. It will pass." My father tried to say something comforting, but it solved nothing.

"No, you don't understand. It was my fault. I shouldn't have gone there alone. I should have told him. Things could have turned out differently. This is all my fault."

"Honey, this was a terrible accident."

"He took that bullet to save my life and because of it, he's lost his ability to walk."

My mother grabbed me by the arm and led me to the front door. "Let's get you inside and get you to bed. You need to rest. The baby needs you to rest." I think she knew if she mentioned the baby I would snap out of my self-‐inflicted pity party.

When we got into the foyer, the sun was starting to rise. A bloody mess awaited us.

I covered my mouth with my hand and looked around. There was blood spatter on the walls and a puddle of dried blood on the hardwood floor. I dropped down to the floor and put my hand down where Stosh had fallen. With my eyes closed, I thought back to how it all happened. It was still so fresh in my mind.

This time, my parents picked me up and forced me to go upstairs. My mother pulled me up each step. "You need a nice shower and a good night's sleep. I won't take no for an answer. If I have to lay beside you, I will."

She was so kind while getting the water to a good temperature. She helped get the soiled clothes off of me and get me standing in the shower. I wasn't weak from being beat up; I was weak from having a broken heart.

My mother waited in the bathroom until I was finished. Then she proceeded to wrap a towel around me and get me to my old bedroom. Once I was dressed and under the covers, she brought me up a cup of hot tea. "It's decaf."

I sipped at the honey tea and sat it down on my bedside table. "Thank you."

"Sweetie, things are going to be okay. I know he loves you. His mother and I talked about it tonight. He's being stubborn, like every man does when something goes wrong. You just be patient with him. Let him get used to what's happened to him. He's not going to let you walk away. I promise!"

"I wish I could get a do-‐over of the last five years."

She stroked her fingers through my hair. "We all want one of those."

"What if he doesn't want me anymore? How will I be able to raise a baby? I gave up my new apartment and my job to be with him. We were going to run away and raise our baby together."

"You're not alone, Willow. Your father and I will help take care of you and the baby. You can move in with us and find a job locally. Your dad and I have plenty of connections to get you started with something here. Please consider it."

Since I had no other options and I couldn't have a do-‐over, I knew it was my only option. "I'd like that."

She leaned down and kissed me. "I would too. Get some sleep, baby. I'm right down the hall if you need me."

"Mom?" She turned around and looked at me. "Are you okay? You've all been so worried about me. I never thought to ask you."

"Your father and I will be fine. After learning everything that our other daughter had done to you, what she did to us was minimal. I'm just glad we're all safe. Get some sleep."

When she closed the door, I couldn't help but cry a little more.

I found my yearbook in my bedside table where I'd left it. After flipping through a couple pages, I got to the seniors. Under each picture the students listed what they saw for their future. What Stosh wrote finally made sense.

Be successful.

Marry the girl of my dreams.

Start a family.

I traced over his words. That statement had been about me.

A love like that doesn't just go away. I was going to wait for him, like he'd waited for me.

His life with my sister no longer mattered. I couldn't let his past stand in the way of our future. Stosh was mine and I wasn't letting him go without a fight.

Chapter 28

Starting a new life.

My attempts at getting Stosh back fell flat. As unfortunate as it was, I had to keep trying.

For the first couple weeks, my family had so much going on. Between my sister being arraigned and deciding what they were going to do about getting her a lawyer, they were completely on edge. My father wanted her to just magically get better, while my mother thought more rationally. She knew that Ivy needed professional help. Whether it have been in jail or in a mental facility, she wouldn't pose a threat. They argued every single night about posting her million-‐dollar bail.

I think what finally settled the quarrel was the fact that I threatened to leave if she were to come home, even for a temporary stay until her actual trial.

It was hard for them to have to pick which daughter to help. I got that. I just couldn't forgive like they wanted to.

My days of being friends with my sister were very over.

Ever since finding out the whole story, Stosh's mother and I had grown very close. She called every couple of days and kept me optimistic about having a future with her son. I knew part of it was so that they could have a life with their first grandchild, but it didn't matter, because I wanted that, too.

Stosh was having a difficult time. He'd been released from the hospital and had started physical therapy. Unfortunately, since the shooting, he'd not been able to feel anything below the waist.

His mother said that he wasn't even back to work yet. They'd paid his rent, so that he wouldn't lose his place. He was staying there all alone and giving up on everything that ever meant something to him.

It saddened me so much. We could be happy together, but he insisted on being so damn stubborn. I tried calling him. His parents even tried to talk some sense into him.

Nothing was helping.

Finally, sometime during the fourth week, I couldn't take it any longer. Going against everyone's advice, I found myself standing outside of Stosh's place. I could hear the television on, so I knew he was home.

I knocked twice, before I heard him yell, "it's open."

I assume that he figured I was his mom, when he just invited me in. The look on his face confirmed my inclinations. He creased his brow and shook his head. "You shouldn't be here."

I looked around and noticed all of the furniture had been moved to allow a wheelchair to get around. Stosh was sitting on the couch with the chair right next to him. I sat down on the opposite end of the couch. "It was my decision, not yours."

"Why did you come? Did you want to see how awful it is? Are you satisfied, or do you need to see me struggle to get a glass of water, or watch me trying to climb on the toilet to be able to take a shit?"

I wasn't prepared to feel sorry for him, but that was exactly what was happening. Since he had no feeling below the waist, I knew that maneuvering around was extremely difficult. "I can see it's been hard for you."

The room got quiet. I didn't know what to say to him. He was miserable and I couldn't take that pain away. I thought about our baby and instinctively rubbed my stomach. Since I was jobless, all I'd been doing was eating. A little bump was starting to form and in just a few more weeks I would be having a sonogram to see what the sex of our baby was.

Stosh saw me rubbing my bump. "How are you feeling?"

I shrugged. "I'm not getting sick, but it hasn't been easy. I'm not supposed to be stressed and it's all I've been my whole pregnancy. My parents have been helping me. They offered to let me live with them until I can get back on my feet. They think I should just wait until after the baby is born to go back to work."

"Sounds like you have things figured out." He flipped through the channels, refusing to look at me.

"I miss you." Maybe I shouldn't have just come out with it like that. I couldn't sit there any longer without expressing my feelings.

He shook his head and turned off the television. After running his hands over his face, he finally turned to face me. "Will, I'm not going to lie to you. I miss you, too. It's just...I can't see us ever being happy with me in that damn chair."

"Well, I can't see us ever being happy without being together. I want you. I want every part of you. Don't you get that?"

I knew he wanted to stand up and walk away, except he couldn't and it was driving him crazy. "Don't you think I've thought of every possible way for us to be together? Willow, I can't feel anything anymore. Do you get what that means? I may never be able to give you what you need."

My jaw dropped. "Do you seriously think that all I care about is having sex? There are other things that people can do to be intimate with each other. Besides, I want you, not your dick!"

Perhaps he was a bit shocked at what came out of my mouth. He waited a few seconds before answering. "It will get old. I can't take the rejection. Do you understand that I'd rather not be together now, then spend five to ten years together and have you leave me. I don't want to taste happiness, when I know it isn't going to last."

I got down on the floor and positioned myself between his legs. "There are no guarantees in life, Stosh. I could walk out that door and get into an accident. I could be hit by lightning and die. You can sit there and say you don't want to try. You can sit there and act like a little bitch, but I know what I want. I know what we're up against and all of it is worth it, if it lets us be together."

"Did you just call me a bitch?"

I put my hands on his knees and sat up, face to face with him. "Yes, I did. What are you going to do about it?"

He looked hurt as he reached out and touched my face. I closed my eyes, accepting his affectionate gesture. "You're killing me."

I reached up and kept his hand on me. Slowly, while staring into his eyes, I brought his hand down my neck and left it sitting on my breast. "I'm not leaving."

I leaned forward, pushing him back against the couch. It turned me on to be completely in control. I was careful as I climbed up onto his lap. "Willow..."

I kissed his soft lips. At first, he turned his head. I kissed his jaw and then his neck. "Tell me what you want, Stosh." I nibbled on his ear, before kissing it. "Tell me that you want me to walk out that door and never come back. Is that what you really want?" I nudged his face with my nose and felt him bringing his lips toward mine. "Kiss me."

He kissed me slowly, holding back from what I knew he was capable of. I pulled away and ran my fingers over his lips. He reached his hands around my waist and groaned. I swayed my hips back and forth and felt his hands going under my shirt and up my back. "You could have someone else that can walk with you and satisfy you the way I never can."

"They'll never give me what I want. They can't be you, Stosh. They'll never be what I want." I kissed him again, feeling totally satisfied with just being in his arms.

"I have nothing to offer you. I can't be a good father, if I can't even walk around."

"You don't think our son or daughter is going to want to ride around with their cool dad? I don't care about the chair. I don't care about taking walks, or what you may not be able to do. I've loved you for so long and nothing has ever changed that. I'll never be happy unless I'm with you."

He stopped letting me kiss him. I saw fear in his eyes, even before they started to water. "I'm scared."

"Don't be." I tried to kiss him but he pulled away again.

"I'm scared of losing you, Willow. I'm afraid to let you in, because I can't live with watching you leave me. I just want you to be happy, even if it's not with me."

"That is a lie. You will be miserable and you know it. Words can't describe what I feel when I'm with you. I know you feel that way, too. My sister took so much from me, but I won't let her keep us apart. I won't let anything keep us apart, Stosh. You're my best friend and I want to spend the rest of my life with you. I don't care if you can't walk. I don't care about any of that. I love you for so many other reasons. Our baby is going to love you and you are the only father that they'll ever have."

A single tear fell down his cheek. "Please don't say these things to make me happy."

I kissed him on the forehead. "I'm saying these things because they're true. What can I do to prove that to you?" I put my hands on his cheeks and made him look me in the eyes. "Stop pushing me away. Be with me because you want it as much as I do. These past few weeks have been Hell for me. I came here today, because I can't take living another day without you. If you think I'm ever going to want something else, you're totally wrong. You're all I will ever want. I know it, because every time I think of you, I get butterflies in my stomach. Thinking about this baby growing inside of me, and knowing we made it together, makes my heart melt. I want you there when our child is born. I want you there for the first steps, for the first day of school and sitting next to me when they graduate from high school."

He cleared his throat. "You're not asking very much."

I laughed. "I want it all!"

He ran his hands up and down my arms. "I can see that fighting with you only makes you try harder."

"I can sit here forever if I have to." Of course, that was an exaggeration. I already had to use the bathroom and being pregnant wasn't helping.

"I guess there's only one thing left to do then."

"What's that?" I wasn't going to let him push me away this time. I was there for one reason and it wasn't to be rejected. I was fighting for my future, a future for my family.

"I guess I need to hurry up with that divorce."

"Come again?"

"Willow, I talked to my lawyer, when this all started happening. He said that since Ivy and I shared nothing of value, once the separation period was over, we could sign the papers and be done. Ivy will be locked up anyway. She won't be able to hurt us. I won't let her."

"Are you saying what I think you are?" I was afraid to blink.

"The way I see it, I don't have a choice but to give you what you want."

"It's taken you long enough to see that." I was so happy that I couldn't stop smiling.

He sighed. "It's not going to be easy. I may never walk again and I'm having a hard time dealing with that. I'm going to have to move out of here, since I can't take care of the main house, and that was how I got half taken off of my rent. I'll do my best to try to keep you happy and to be a father, but with no legs, it will be difficult. I'm going to need you to have patience, since I know that's something you struggle with."

I put my fingers over his lips. "Stop talking." I laughed. "Just tell me what I want to hear. I want you to say it without all this explaining."

"You were right and I was wrong. I haven't given up on us, because you're all I want. I miss my best friend and being without you is tearing me apart. I never considered that something like this could happen to me. I thought once your sister was caught, we'd finally be together. When I found myself in the hospital, crippled, I just figured you'd be better off without me. I knew you'd fight me on it and it would be difficult. I just couldn't imagine holding you back. I didn't want to ruin your life."

"It was never like that for me. I never even considered walking away. I'd do anything for you, Stosh."

He pulled me into a hug and kept his lips near my ear. "Thank you for giving me the time I needed to see it. I'm sorry I hurt you, Willow. I know I promised I'd never do that again. Why you keep giving me chances is beyond my understanding. I don't deserve you."

"Well, your getting me anyway, because I can't give you up. You're all mine!"

We spent the rest of the afternoon cuddled up on that couch. Sure, I had to get up to use the bathroom and I made us something to eat. I also had to call my parents and let them know that we were working things out and I wouldn't be home. Nothing was going to keep us apart, ever again.

Chapter 29

So long, farewell!

With each passing day, my belly grew and Stosh got used to being in a wheelchair. Days turned into weeks and weeks turned into months. We found a house and my parents helped us put a down payment on it. I think they wanted to help me so much because they felt guilty. At any rate, we needed it.

Stosh finally went back to work for his father. He could do everything from his new home office. Since he was in sales, it wasn't necessary for him to go into the office. All of his coworkers knew his situation and were fine with him working from our house.

We decided that I wasn't going to work until after the baby was born. Stosh made enough to afford the mortgage and our other bills, so we weren't stretched on money.

Once we'd moved in, everything finally settled down. Mine and Stosh's parents insisted on buying us new furniture for our house. They didn't want anything from the past reminding us of what we'd been through. I didn't mind it. I think it made us appreciate each other more.

Normally, Stosh would work from nine to five. Of course, he had plenty of down time to spend with me. We got hooked on soap operas and spent his lunch break in bed or on the couch.

I ate more than ever before and gained double the amount of weight I should have. We were just so happy and so in love. The anticipation of the new baby coming brought on all sorts of late night cravings. Stosh had the delivery places on his speed dial and I was pretty sure they were on a first name basis.

His love for me was so apparent, and the time that we'd been apart, soon was a lost memory. Each day was better than the one before it and I was so grateful for the way things had turned out.

Ivy's trial didn't happen until three months after she'd been arrested. She started in the local county corrections center. My parents had come to us the week before the trial begging me to go see my sister. They said she needed to talk to me before she was sentenced. My now showing belly would reveal my pregnancy. Even though I'd told her I was expecting on that horrible night she'd tried to kill us, I don't think it really sank in as being real.

Stosh and I talked for a long time about me going to see my sister. We owed her nothing, and the last thing I wanted to do was hear her bullshit lies. As the days went by, I started to reconsider. There were things that I'd been dying to say to her. There were things she deserved to hear out of my mouth.

Stosh argued with me over it, saying things were better left unsaid. He said I'd just be stirring the pot and that he didn't feel like giving her another second of our time.

Without his blessing, I found myself sitting outside the gates to the prison. It was visiting day and the last day to see her before the trial. I'd asked my parents to wait until my visit was over to come see her. This was between me and my sister.

The visitation room was a lot like they portray them on television. Large cafeteria type tables were in rows. The prisoner sits on one side while the visitor sits on the other. I showed my I.D. and waited for them to bring her out to see me.

It was weird when she came out from behind the door without makeup. I don't remember seeing my sister like that. Even before bed she would apply some makeup. She used to say that it was just in case the house caught fire. She didn't want a cute fireman seeing her without her face on.

None of that mattered anymore. She couldn't primp around and pick up the new makeup when it came out at the stores. Her excitement was over. Now she'd be trading day old fish sticks for cigarettes. It almost made me want to smile.

The look on her face was unlike one I was used to. She seemed both shocked and amused that I had showed up. I folded my hands on the table as she walked up. My belly was well hidden and I was saving that surprise for the very end of our visit.

She sat down right in front of me. "I didn't think you'd come."

"I wasn't going to." I raised one eyebrow and waited for her to respond. I was ready for anything.

She played with her hands. "I thought a lot about what I wanted to say to you."

"So spill. I don't have all day. Stosh is taking me out to our favorite restaurant and I promised him I wouldn't be late." I loved rubbing it in that we were together. It was almost as good as leaning over the table and gouging both of her eyes out.

"It must be nice."

"Oh, it is. Everything turned out perfectly. I've never been so happy."

She placed her hands flat on the table. "How's he doing without legs?"

"Screw you!" I stood up. "This was a mistake. You aren't worth the time."

She stared at me, but not my face. I could see the tears forming in her eyes.

"What's wrong, Ivy? Cat got your tongue?"

She put her hands over her mouth and shook her head. "I didn't believe it. I thought you were lying."

"We kept it from you the whole time, Ivy. How does it feel to be lied to? How does it feel to know that I have everything you've ever wanted?"

She shook her head and continued to sob. "Stop it!"

I sat back down and got close to her, so nobody else could hear me. "How does it feel to know you will never have my life? You will never feel what it's like to have someone love you and you will never, ever, know what having your own child is like. You reap what you sow, sis." I tapped on the table. "This is where you belong."

I went to stand up and walk away, but she grabbed my hand. "Will, wait!"

I pulled away. "What do you want? Did you think I was going to come here and just forgive you? You're insane! You took everything from me and then tried to end the lives of everyone that ever gave a damn about you. I hope you rot in Hell."

"I'm sorry."

I pointed at her. "You're so lucky the charges against me and Stosh were dropped." The day after she was arrested my father made sure that Stosh and I were out of trouble for what we'd done.

"I said I was sorry," she repeated.

I was so pissed off. "You're not sorry, Ivy. You did it all on purpose. Apologies are for something you didn't mean to happen. You planned all of this. Are you happy with yourself? How does it make you feel to know that Stosh and I bought a house together? We wake up in our bed and make love whenever we want. You think just because he can't walk that we can't make love? My name is the only one he says when he sleeps. It's our baby's room that he's helping decorate. I hope you like your little ten-‐by-‐ten cell. Was that in your plan too?"

She shook her head and hid her face from me. I had gotten to her in the worst way, without guilt.

"I loved you more than anyone for our whole lives. I would have done anything for you. It's a shame you didn't feel that way about me. We could have been a family. You could have been an aunt to my children. I really do hope you're happy with yourself."

I left my sister sitting at the table in tears. Whatever it was she thought she was going to say wasn't ever going to be said. I'd made my peace with it all and it felt damn good.

Stosh was anxiously waiting for me when I returned home. I walked in the door with a smile on my face. Sure, I did feel bad for saying such mean things. I reacted the way I had, because everything was so pent up inside of me. I just needed to get it out, once and for all. He wheeled himself toward the front door. "How'd it go?"

I sat down on his lap and wrapped my arms around his neck. "I said some things."

"What kind of things?"

"Imagine the worst possible things that you could ever say to Ivy, then multiply that by one hundred." I wondered if I'd been too hard on my sister. Maybe that was just because I had a heart and she didn't. I wanted to hate her, but somewhere inside of me, I still cared. I hated being mean.

"How did she take it?"

"She cried."

He kissed me softly on the lips. "Don't tell me you feel guilty now. That bitch deserves whatever is dealt to her."

I traced his lips with my fingertip. "I know."

He popped a wheelie with me on his lap. I screamed and held on tight. "Whoa! What are you doing?"

"I've been practicing. Maybe you can put me on YouTube."

I smacked him on the chest for being silly. "Stop it!" I climbed off and walked over to our open concept kitchen. "Are you hungry, babe?"

"Are you offering to climb on the countertop and spread your legs?" He followed me and cornered me in front of the counter.

"Don't you want to eat a meal?" I wasn't going to be able to resist him much longer, so I held up a box of pasta. "We can order something? We could go out?"

He grabbed the package out of my hand and sat it behind me. "I'm craving one thing. You know what I want. Now, get up there and take off your pants."

"Stoshua Wheeler, what's gotten into you?" While I stood there arguing, he started removing my pants. I walked out of them. He grabbed me and pulled me close to him. His kisses started at my belly button and started trailing down one of my hips. I backed away. "How about we get in the tub? You know I like riding you in there. You can wash me and do whatever you want."

"Really?" He stopped reaching for me. "Anything?"

I nodded and bit down on my lip. "Anything."

He smiled, but didn't think very long about it. "I'll race you there."

Our one story rancher was laid out so he could get around easily. I tried to keep up with him, but his chair kept me from passing. It was a fun game we'd play and seeing him smile made me realize how happy we were. Stosh no longer worried about us breaking up. We were planning our future, a future full of children and hopes and dreams.

When we made it to the bathroom, I helped him undress. We took our time removing each article of clothing in between ravenous kisses. I watched him lift his body up and seat himself in the large soaking tub. I ran the water and started to take off the rest of my clothes.

He licked his lips in anticipation. "Hurry up, babe. I've been waiting all day to kiss those sweet lips."

It gave me chills whenever he talked like that. Since his accident, Stosh had made it a point to satisfy me more than he'd ever done before. It was like it was necessary for him to feel like he was still capable of giving me pleasure. I didn't need sex for that, but I didn't argue when he put in the extra initiative, besides he could still become erect with little stimulation. His doctor said that the spinal injury had nothing to do with the nerve stimulation that came from his brain. It was all beyond my reasonable thinking, but my parents said it made sense. After we internet searched, we found that quite a few men were able to have normal sex, and some had even fathered children, even without being able to feel anything during intercourse.

I thought about what he'd just stated. I couldn't wait, "I know you aren't talking about the lips on my face."

"You're right." He looked down at my naked sex. "You know what I want."

I rubbed myself down there. "This?"

He smiled and shook his head. "It's not nice to tease someone that can't run after you."

"Don't worry, babe. I won't run." I took a step closer to the tub. "Why would I run from something I love so much?"

"Two more steps and my tongue will having you screaming my name."

I climbed into the tub and straddled him. "Show me what you got!"

His upper arm strength increased by the minute and picking me up seemed like it took no effort on his part. My wet body lifted up out of the water. As the brisk air in the room hit my wet body, I felt his tongue flicking my tiny bud. I arched my body as he got into a rhythm. I felt him sucking my entire pu**y into his mouth. He moaned and sucked harder. I ran my hands through his hair and cried out in pleasure. He pulled away and moved his fingers over my wet lips. Then, while looking right at me, he flicked my clit again with his tongue. This time he did it using pressure. While his hands reached up and squeezed my ni**les, his tongue slapped and punished my tiny bud. I cried out again, this time losing control of my body. Stosh held me still and slowly lowered me down into the water. I found his lips and kissed him, teasing him with my tongue.

Chapter 30

Hey hey hey, Goodbye!

Stosh froze in place and held me still. "Don't move!"

I was immediately alarmed. "Why? What's wrong?" Since he was able to get an erection, but not feel anything, I was starting to worry. The first time it happened, we were both in shock. Sex was still the same for me, but he couldn't feel a thing. Just to keep him from feeling bad, we always did other things.

"I can feel pins and needles in my toes."

I was so happy that I backed away. He gave me a look of disappointment, then focused back on his feet.

"Can you really feel something?" I reached down and tickled the underneath.

He smiled. "I can feel you touching me. It's faint, but I can feel the pressure of your touch."

"Babe, do you know what this means?"

"Yeah, but we better call the doctor in the morning, just to be sure."

All of the doctors had told him that if he were to regain feeling, it could take months, but after a year the hope for that happening would dwindle. I was so excited for him. In college, I'd had a friend that was reaching in her backseat. She hit a corner and flipped her car. After being in the hospital for nine months due to a broken back, she was left with no feeling from the waist down. It took her four months to start feeling something, and six more months before she could start therapy to walk again.

Even if Stosh would be able to walk one day, the road to that victory was going to be long and hard for him.

For over an hour, we laid in bed and I continued to tickle his feet. He was so amused by it. I called my dad and told him about what Stosh was experiencing. He thought it was a good sign.

The next morning we went to the doctors. He poked Stosh a zillion times from his feet to his thighs. When we left, we had hope that one day he would be able to walk again, after a lot of physical therapy.

Both of our parents came over to celebrate the good news. Stosh's parents did all of the cooking, while we talked about the baby and plans for the nursery. After much thought, we decided to keep the sex a secret.

Okay, it was Stosh's request and I just wanted to make him happy.

Truth be told, I didn't care what I had, as long as he or she was healthy. I'd been through so much stress, and yet, we were still perfectly healthy. Maybe God was rewarding us for getting through the biggest test of our lives. Whatever the case, we were so thankful.

My sister's trial started on a Tuesday. I told myself I wasn't going to attend, but we were subpoenaed and all had to be there. She looked even worse than when I had visited her. My mother took it harder than my father. She burst into tears when they brought her into the room. It didn't help that she was handcuffed.

After two days, my sister was sentenced to eight years in jail. We knew that meant that she would probably get out in only four. I was glad she was going to be put away, but afraid for what was going to happen when she got out.

The judge ordered her to have another mental health evaluation. She was ordered to spend the first six months in a facility, instead of a normal jail.

I didn't care where she was locked up, as long as she couldn't get out.

Stosh and I had discussed our future plans for when my sister did get out of prison. Our child would be four and we knew that protecting them was our main concern. My parents agreed with our concern. They bought a cabin about three hours from our small town. They pulled out cash to make the purchase and had the deed put in a fake name. Sure, it was illegal, but they wanted us to be safe. It was also a shame that such extreme measures had to be taken, but we all knew what my sister was capable of. If Ivy could retaliate, she was going to.

We weren't sure how long we'd have to live in the cabin, so we spent our weekends fixing it up. I think after the first weekend we fell in love with the place. It was in the woods, on a mountain. The cabin had three bedrooms that were upstairs and the rest of the house was an open floor plan. I imagine that it was built for hunters. When we were done making modifications, it was a cozy home for a little family.

Of course, we turned the little study area into a downstairs bedroom, just in case Stosh couldn't make it up the steps every night. I was willing to sacrifice anything, as long as we were together.

My parents never stopped showering me and Stosh with gifts. I begged them many times to stop trying so hard, even when I knew it wasn't going to change anything.

For the months leading up to the birth of our baby, they visited my sister on weekends. I hated hearing about how sorry she was, so Stosh asked my parents to keep it to themselves. I understood why they longed to have their little girl back, except unlike them, I knew it was just a whole new pack of lies.

Our little house was perfect for us. Stosh started using crutches to get around. The more he struggled, the better he did at succeeding. He stopped complaining about being disabled, which was good for me, considering I was getting ready to pop out a very needy little human.

We'd talked about names, but were still so undecided. We knew that we were going to name the baby, if it was a boy, Marcus Michael. The girl names were a little more tricky. Stosh liked unique names, where I was more into the traditional kind. I was convinced that if it was a girl we'd just call her Little Princess, since we couldn't agree on anything else.

The days before I went into labor were filled will chaos. My mother arranged for my college friends to come to town for a surprise shower. Our little rancher was filled with so many people that one could hardly get around. We'd already bought so much for the baby, so naturally the child had everything you could think of after the party. I was so grateful, considering that for a while I thought that I'd no longer have a family or anyone to lean on. Love had changed everything for me. I had been right to follow my heart, because it led me exactly where I needed to be.

Destiny Faith was born on a Sunday morning, bright and early. Stosh came up with the name one night while talking to my belly, like he frequently did. We fell in love with her before we ever met her, but once she came out, and we saw what our love created, we realized there was no feeling like it.

We were a family, finally after being kept apart for so long.

It's amazing how destiny played part in our story. That's why he wanted her to have that name. He said all we needed was a little faith.

Stosh took his first steps, without crutches, when Destiny was only three months old. We called it a miracle, while my doctor parents said it was just his body healing itself. Whatever the case, he was on his way to a full recovery.

While Stosh worked during the day and went to physical therapy in the evenings, I started a web design business out of our house. There was no way I was going to leave my little princess, so I took my degree and started something that I could do while taking care of her and my family. It was still going slow, but at least I put my degree to use. When Destiny got older I could branch out and do other things. Stosh wasn't in a hurry for me to get back out there. If he had it his way, I'd wear dresses and have dinner on the table at five every evening. He loved me staying home with him.

On the day that he'd been legally separated for a year, Stosh filed for divorce. That following Saturday my parents took the papers to my sister to sign. They said she didn't hesitate. Two months later, we were at the courthouse making things official. For us, it was just a piece of paper, but it was more when it came to our daughter.

It's funny, looking back, I'd never saw a way for us to be together and be accepted by both of our families, but it was happening.

My sister was where she belonged. One could only hope that she'd mess up and not be granted an early release. My life was too perfect to have to worry about her.

Some nights it still hurt, though. I'd had so many memories of us as little girls. I don't know when that exact moment happened where love turned to resentment. It didn't even matter. I had beautiful memories of me and my twin sister. There was a time when we were like one person. I'd never forget that, even after the Hell she put us through. Somewhere in that messed up mind was that little girl that sang songs with me, braided my hair and cuddled under the covers with me during a thunderstorm.

I often wondered if she thought about those moments. Had she forgotten that special bond that only we could have shared? Did she forget that we were always supposed to be best friends?

As much as I hated her, my heart wouldn't let me forget that I still loved that part of Ivy. She'd always be my sister and share my face. It's just a shame she didn't share my heart. Things would have been so different if she had.

At the end of the day, my life was where it was always supposed to be. I was Stosh's wife and we had a beautiful daughter. If everything happens for a reason, like I've always believed, I guess karma played a part in everything.

Just looking at my little girl proved that. She was our world and we'd spend our whole lives keeping her safe.

Epilogue

2 years later

The alarm hadn't gone off yet, but we felt someone climbing into bed with us. Ever since we'd gotten her that big girl bed, our little two year old thought it was fun to wake us up as soon as she saw daylight. As I rubbed my eyes and contemplated looking at the alarm clock, I'd made the decision that I was going to put cardboard on her windows to fool her into thinking it was always nighttime in her room.

Her little smile was up in my face as I opened my eyes. "Mommy, yook!" She pointed her finger. "I got boo boo."

"Show Daddy."

Stosh rolled over and smiled. "Hi, sunshine."

I climbed out of bed and headed to the bathroom. There was no use trying to go back to sleep. Destiny would have our house burned down if we ignored her. She was into everything.

When I came out of the shower, she was completely naked, standing in the bathroom. "Wipe my butt."

With my body as clean as a whistle, I walked over and wiped the poop from my daughter's butt. I had to be thankful she was already potty trained. It helped that we were home with her so much.

Stosh came into the bathroom like he had timed it perfectly. I rolled my eyes as he pulled me into his arms. "Are you ready for today?"

For the past two years, my parents had been begging me to go see my sister. I declined every one of their invites, until Stosh finally suggested that I get it over and done with so it would stop being so annoying. After stewing on his idea for nearly a month, I'd decided to appease them. Stosh's parents were going to watch Des so we didn't have to worry about her. "I guess. I mean, I really don't want to see her. I have nothing to say."

"According to your parents, she has something to say."

I walked away and started getting my clothes on, since I was still in a towel. "I don't even care."

He started brushing his teeth while Des brushed hers. Once he finally spit and rinsed, he leaned against the counter. "Yes, you do. Somewhere inside that sexy body of yours, there's this curious part of you that wants to know."

I shoved him. "Stop it!"

The doorbell rang and Stosh grabbed our daughter off the counter. "Grandma's here!"

He whisked her away while I was still getting on some shorts.

By the time I was decent, they were all ready to head out the door. We kissed them and waved as they got her situated in her car seat. Once Stosh closed the door, I could tell he was in one of his moods. He rubbed his hands together. "I hate what you're wearing." He grabbed me by the hand and pulled me back to our bedroom. Once inside, he started taking off my clothes.

"What are you doing?"

"It's been two days. I have needs." He dropped his shorts and stood there at full attention.

I smiled and reached up to kiss him, but he pulled away and pointed toward the bed. "You're bossy!"

He smacked my ass and followed me to the bed. "I'm horny!"

I climbed up and turned around, just as he was climbing on top of me. I kissed him softly on the lips, letting my tongue make contact with his, before pulling away. "Hi, Horny, I'm Pregnant."

Our kissing halted as I watched the biggest smile come over Stosh's face. He pushed the hair away from my forehead and kissed me on my nose. "Seriously?"

I shrugged and smiled. "We were trying."

"We just started, though. I must have genetically altered super sperm."

I wrapped my legs around his back. "Shut up and tell me how happy you are."

He grabbed my legs, sat up and put them on each of his shoulders, before slowly entering me with his length. I gasped at first, shocked he did it without warning. He scrunched up his face and got a good pace going. "You know I'm happy." My one leg started to fall. "Hold your feet with your hands. I'm going to show you just how happy I am."

This wasn't my idea of expressing happiness, but it sure felt good. Even, after all the time that had gone by, I think Stosh still appreciated what he could do when he used his lower body. Not having it, makes people appreciate what they do have.

Our bodies moved in unison, like they always did. He kissed me deeply, letting me know I belonged to him in body and mind. My hands caressed every muscle on his chest, which was more defined then when we were first together. After his physical therapy ended, he continued to work out at the gym. He thought if he didn't use it, he would lose it.

I ran my fingers down his biceps and admired our daughters name written in script. She was his world and I couldn't wait to share our news with her.

He thrust himself harder and harder, slapping our skin together each time. He played with my br**sts, pinching my ni**les and rubbing them with the palms of his course hands. He loved watching it go in and out of me and I loved watching him doing it.

I arched my body, feeling the intense friction making me hot in all the right places. My breath increased and he slammed into me one last time before tightening up his body.

We both cried out, climaxing together, then collapsing on the bed, drenched in our own sweat.

He grabbed my hand, while I was still trying to breathe normally, and kissed it slowly. "Thanks, babe. I needed that."

I wiped the sweat off of one of his cheeks. "Me too! Are you ready to get dressed and get this over with?"

He sprung off of the bed and started pulling up his shorts. I followed suit and was soon heading back into the bathroom to freshen up enough to be presentable.

Twenty minutes later, we were on the road, headed to the women's prison, where my sister was being held. My palms were sweaty and I didn't say much during the car ride. Stosh knew I was freaking out. He also knew it was best to let me handle it on my own. I was a loose cannon when it came to dealing with anxiety.

After going through the necessary security measures, we were sitting at the long table waiting for her to be brought in. Stosh reached for my hand under the table and winked when he saw I was secretly freaking out. I knew he was there for me, but it didn't make it easier. The animosity that I felt towards my sister couldn't be cured with apologies. If I was ever going to forgive her, it would be after I took a long time for my heart to heal.

I hadn't seen her in so long that I was shocked when she came walking through the door. My eyes must have explained my reaction, because she looked down like I'd broken her heart.

Honestly, I didn't know how to feel. I wanted to hate her. I did hate her, but at the same time, she was still my sister.

Ivy sat down in front of us. She folded her hands and smiled at Stosh and then gave me all of her attention. "Hi, sis."

I squeezed Stosh's hand under the table. "Hello, Ivy."

She fidgeted in her seat. "Thanks for coming. I didn't think it was going to happen."

I looked right into her eyes. "What do you want, Ivy?"

I caught her looking at my wedding rings and then Stosh's. She turned her attention to him. "It's weird seeing you with that on. I used to have to fight with you to get you to wear it."

I cocked my eyebrow. "He never takes it off. Now, explain why we're here, because we have a daughter to take care of."

She looked like she was in pain. "You only have her because of what I did. Can't you appreciate that something good came out of it?"

I stood up, letting go of my husband's hand. "Don't you dare say that! Whether or not you planned for things to happen, she was made out of love. Stosh made love to me on that boat and you know it." I grabbed him by the arm and started to pull him away from the table.

"Wait! Please!" she shook her head and covered her face with her hands. "I'm sorry. Please don't go. It's so lonely here. All I do is read and sit by myself. Nobody wants to be friends in here, and the ones that do, are too crazy to communicate with. Don't you miss the way things used to be? Don't you miss how it was when we were kids?"

I sat back down, but kept my legs on the outside of the table, so it was easier to get up and walk away. Stosh stood behind me, with his hands on my shoulders. "I do miss it, but everything changed when you started deceiving me."

She looked at both of us. "Look at you two now, though. You're together. Will we ever be able to get past all of this?"

I closed my eyes. "I don't know, Ivy. Too much has happened. You tried to kill us. No matter how much I miss the old you, I can never trust the one that's looking at me, right now. Trust is earned and all you've done is stab me in the back." I looked up at Stosh. "We're happy, Ivy, but we would have been happy, had you not kept us apart in high school. You seem to be forgetting that this wasn't just about what landed you in jail. For years, you'd been planning to destroy my life. Yes, it worked out in the end, but that also includes you being locked up."

She started to cry. "I won't be in here forever. Do you think one day I'll get to meet my niece."

I felt nauseous. "I don't think that's possible," Stosh spoke up. "I don't want you near my kids or my wife. If we have to leave the country, we will."

She just sat there, like we'd shattered her soul.

I stood up and reached over, grabbing her hand. "I hope you get better, Ivy. I wish things were different. You could have been an amazing aunt. We could have grown old together. This isn't how I would of wanted to say goodbye to you."

When we walked out of there, she was crying. I held my head high, until we got to the car and then I lost it. Stosh held me and kissed me on top of my head, but never said anything. He knew I had to get it all out.

Finally, after about fifteen minutes of bawling my eyes out, I wiped my eyes and leaned on his shoulder. "Sorry about that."

"You don't have anything to apologize for."

"Why do I feel so guilty?"

He wiped away another set of tears that were falling down my face. "Because you're a beautiful person. You're sister made her own decisions."

"Stosh, she's not going to stop trying to get to us. Hurting her is going to cost us."

He leaned over and kissed me. "She's never going to be able to touch us. I'd die before I ever let her hurt us again. Besides, maybe she's learned her lesson."

I felt content with his words, because, for the time being, we were safe. We had years before we had to worry about Ivy. It was plenty of time for us to be prepared.

"Let's go home."

He kissed me one more time before pulling out of the parking lot. "I thought you'd never ask."

The End!

