Noah

"Come on, Noah. Stay the night with me." A finger trailed over my chest where she'd already unbuttoned my flannel shirt. I couldn't help but watch her lips over-annunciate the words as she spoke to me. "I'll make it worth your while. You know I can. Tell me you don't want me to touch you. We both know you do. Let me give you a reason to stay. I can convince you if you give me the chance."

I knew if I gave myself a second to think about it I'd change my mind. She was stacked in all the right places, and always aimed to please. My girlfriend, Perry, had the biggest heart and she knew just how to play me to get whatever she wanted.

She could also do this thing with her legs, by putting them behind her head and holding them there without using her hands. Thinking about it made my dick buck inside of my jeans. "Per, we talked about this." We'd been dating for a while, and if the circumstances were different, I could have seen myself really settling down with her. She wasn't perfect, but certainly not boring. I'd f**ked that all up a while back and there was no way out of the dilemma I'd made for myself, except to end things. She didn't understand it, but I was trying to protect her, to save her from potentially hating not only me, but someone she cared deeply for.

Disappointment washed over her face while she used her body to try and sway me into a different decision. I could feel her tits pressing on my chest and one of her knees rubbing between the inside of my legs. If I looked down I'd be able to see the crease of her cle**age and maybe even her hardened ni**les poking out of the fabric of her top. Her bottom lip came out as she replied. "I know what you said, but -."

She really thought that she could stop this from happening if we slept together. I had to give her points for confidence, that's for sure. It wasn't like she would have been wrong. Perry knew how I liked it and she never turned down the opportunity of trying out new things.

While concentrating on why I was there, I placed my finger over her lips to make her stop. At first she kissed it softly, but within a few seconds she had a hold of my wrist and was preparing to show me exactly what she was going to do to my c**k if I decided to stay. "But nothin'! This thing between us is over. It was probably over before it even started. You know it just as much as I do." I was full of shit and she wasn't going to accept it. She wanted the real truth; the truth that I wasn't able to give her.

Her eyes began to moisten as a new type of pleading continued. I watched black mascara leave a trail over her cheeks. She wiped it away with her fingers. "I saw this night going differently."

My hands grabbed both of her arms. We made eye contact while I began to try to reassure her. "I told you before why we had to end things. This has nothin' to do with you, Per. You're so god damn sexy, and I'm tellin' you the truth when I say it's goin' to hurt me more than it's goin' to hurt you." Another jolt hit my dick.

"Then don't do it." Her lips had begun to tremble when she spoke.

I did feel bad for what I was doing. None of this was her fault. I certainly could have pretended to work things out just to be able to get a piece whenever I wanted it. All I had to do was say the word and we'd be in bed, having amazing makeup sex.

Instead, I was trying to do the right thing. What she didn't know was what was keeping her from telling me to go to hell. If she'd found out that I'd slept with her sister while she was out of town, she wouldn't be standing in front of me ready to spread her legs.

It wasn't like I planned on cheating at all. It just happened. I'd been out with a couple buddies and she was there, dancing on top of the bar. I let her have fun for a while until she began to take off her clothes. Knowing that she'd more than likely mention to her sister that she'd seen me, I felt obligated to get her home safely.

Unfortunately, once she was alone in my truck things went from innocent to crazy in a matter of seconds. While trying to keep focused on the road, clothes were being removed and thrown out the window. Being that we lived so deep in the country, street lights were non-existent. There was no way that I could get out of the truck and locate everything in the pitch black.

In my defense I did try to fight her off. It was difficult to do that with one arm, while driving with the other. By the time I'd pulled over the truck, she was climbing on top of me shoving her tongue down my throat.

I could have stopped her, forced her off of me, and called her sister to straighten her out, but I didn't. I took one look at her naked body, that dark hair falling over her shoulders and the way her ass felt against the palms of my hands, and I couldn't stop myself.

I took her right there, with no regard for the consequences.

What started in the truck, ended up back at her place. We both felt like shit the next morning, and it was then that I knew I had to end things with Perry. I was raised to be respectful, and accepted that my mistakes would come with sacrifices.

I liked her, but not enough to live with the lie for however long it would last. Plus, I knew that her sister meant the world to her. Losing me was something that she could get over, but losing her sister was something I was trying to avoid from happening. Taking myself out of the equation was the right thing to do.

We'd been arguing about the decision to break up for the past hour. I'd planned on saying my peace and leaving, getting the breakup over with before my parent's big party that was planned for the next day. I may have been a cheating ass**le, but I was decent enough to not put her through a big event with my huge family when I knew all along we were going to break up.

Her cries were louder as she clung to my shirt. "I don't believe you."

"You don't believe what?"

"The reason. We get along fine and you know it. This all started after I got back from Jamaica. Is that it? Are you breaking up with me because I went somewhere with my friends? Is there someone else?"

"Of course not," I defended.

"Then what?" She got close to my face again and stared me in the eyes. I could see the hurt and distrust in them, and honestly felt terrible over it. I knew that while I was with her sister I never once thought about her, but instead enjoyed every minute of it. Sure, my alcohol consumption that night could have helped me get over that guilt hurdle quickly, but I still knew exactly what I was doing while it was happening.

Perry pushed me backwards until my knees caught the back of her couch. Before my ass hit the cushions, she was tugging off her shirt. I wanted her to stop, knowing that my anger was going to blow up shortly if this continued. She watched me while she let her shorts and underwear fall to her ankles.

I should have closed my eyes, looking away from the prize in front of me. Unlike her sister, her golden colored hair shined against the light of the ceiling fan above us. Her light blue eyes were surrounded by redness, and the pain and fear had left her looking desperate and confused. "Don't climb -."

Her body was in front of me, slowly moving onto my lap. She leaned in and kissed me softly on the lips. The taste of her salty mouth only reminded me of how much pain I'd caused her, though I couldn't bring myself to stop. The hunger inside of me increased for her, and as our tongues collided and meshed together, I felt my dick taking control of my decision.

When I pulled away it gave me a few seconds to come to terms with the mistake I was about to make. As much as I wanted to, I knew I couldn't let it happen. I turned my head, rejecting her next attempt for a kiss. I think she knew right then that I wasn't going to let it happen anymore. "Please. I love -."

The mere mention of that word was enough to scare me away from any relationship that I'd had in the past. There hadn't ever been time in my life for love. Perry had been the first woman that I'd considered getting serious with, and my actions had only personified the fact that I wasn't ready.

With a determined look on my face, I pulled away and rested my forehead on hers. "I can't. I'm sorry."

She cupped my cheeks and waited for me to open my eyes and look at her. "One last time? Let me show you what you're giving up. I don't want to lose you."

The constant urge between my legs was giving me the go-ahead, while my mind fought with that decision tooth and nail. I picked Perry's petite body up and sat her back down on the couch beside me. "Jesus, Per. I told you I can't do this. Please don't make this harder than it already is. I care about you, but it ain't goin' to work out. Enough is enough. I've got too much goin' on in my life right now."

"There's always a reason, so if it isn't me then you need to tell me what it is. I know you aren't happy at home, but that has nothing to do with us. You can get another job while we're still together. Just tell me." She waited for me to reply, but I kept quiet. Perry turned, grabbing my shirt and shaking me. "Please, just tell me. Tell me why you don't want me anymore. Give me a reason to let you walk away, because right now it hurts too much to think about."

I covered my face with my hands, realizing that it would have been easier to do all of this over the phone like every other pu**y my age would have done. "Would you just stop? I'm just not into this anymore. It's old and I want out."

I was lying through my teeth, avoiding the real truth to spare her heart for breaking even more. Why couldn't women just let things go? Why did they have to keep digging for answers all of the time?

"You slept with someone else, didn't you?" She sniffled and wiped her tears before continuing. "Who is she, Noah? Do I know her? Is it one of your old girlfriends? Is that why you won't tell me? Did you f**k one of them while I was away? How could you do this to me? How could you?" she repeated.

Before I could deny anything she was saying the front door shut and we turned to see her sister standing there, looking at what was happening. She dropped a bag of groceries and looked to be in some kind of trance. She finally looked over at me and I attempted to shake my head, as a silent plea for her to stay quiet. I could see the words coming out of her mouth before I could hear them.

"Per, I'm so sorry. We didn't mean for it to happen."

And there it was.

She'd walked in hearing half of a sentence, seeing Perry a mess, and thought I'd told her sister that we'd slept together. Her apology was something that neither of us saw coming, and neither was the fist to my face that followed it. I clenched my jaw as I stood up and turned to see her hauling ass toward her sister, knocking her on the foyer floor.

While a cat fight could be considered sexy, this was far from being that. I'd destroyed the friendship between these two sisters, just like I ruined everything else in my life.

Once I had Perry by the back of her hair, I slowly lifted her off of her sister, giving her enough time to grab her purse and leave. When I released my hold on her, Perry fell to the floor and began to sob.

That's probably where I should have walked out the door and changed my cell phone number. Instead, being the man I was, I crouched down and wrapped my arms around her. "I'm sorry, Per. It was an accident and I didn't want it to turn out this way. I was tryin' to avoid this exact thing from happenin', darlin'."

She turned and looked like she was possessed by the devil as she spoke. "Get out! GET THE FUCK OUT OF MY HOUSE!"

I made it to the door before a remote control hit the back of my head. When I turned I noticed her arm cocked back with something else to throw at me. I pointed my finger and then walked out before she could do it.

It took me a while to leave the parking lot of her apartment building, and even longer to call her sister to let her know what a huge mistake she'd made in assuming that I'd confessed our little secret. As much as it was selfish, I was glad that it was no longer my burden to keep. I had enough on my plate to deal with, and the sooner I took care of everything, the sooner I could figure out what I wanted to do with my life, because god knows I didn't want to work on the ranch anymore. I just needed to figure out how to tell my family, without it blowing up in my face, like this had.

After all, at the end of the day I knew family was the most important thing in life. Without them I was nothing, so I had to find a way to break free without destroying my relationship with them.

There had to be a way.

Noah

There's nothing like falling asleep and having a dream about a sexy brunette with her legs wrapped around my waist, naked and ready for what I'm about to give her. I knew I was sleeping, because this particular woman had a knack for talking too much. This moment was too perfect to be real.

In my dream her eyes, a crazy bright blue, were gleaming at me with entice. Her lips still wet from where her own tongue had stroked over them. I could still see the hint of glitter from the gloss she'd been wearing before our kissing rubbed it off. I licked my own and tasted the flavor of strawberry. Highlighted curls hung down to where her tank top met her skin, which happened to be extremely close to her ni**les. I knew from being with her in the past that she had a set of tits worth memorizing, with matching silver dollar ni**les that I'd sucked on more times than I could count.

We were right there, ready to seal the deal when I sat up in my bed and looked around the room.

Pissed, I narrowed in on what had disturbed such an awesome dream.

It only took a few seconds to realize that I'd woken to the sound of someone beating on the door. Ever since I'd decided to stay in the old doublewide at the back of the ranch I never got visitors, especially in the middle of the night.

Until now.

I looked around the room for the brunette, just to make sure that I hadn't been dreaming about the sound. Sure enough, I heard the knocking again. My feet fell to the floor and I wiped my eyes, discovering the clock on the bedside table read three-fifteen. Since I knew my phone was on, I couldn't for the life of me figure out who it was.

Instinct should have told me that there was something wrong. Maybe I should have known that it would be her all-along. Out of anyone in my life, she'd always come running to me first. I'd always been that one person she could count on.

After making my way to the back kitchen door, I flipped on the exterior light. One glance allowed me to verify who'd woken me up. My stomach dropped when she looked up and I saw the makeup smeared over her cheeks. Even in the dim light it was that apparent. I opened the door quickly, moving out of the way as she rushed in. Perhaps I should have not been so blunt, but this wasn't the first time she'd coming running to the ranch. Here lately she'd been calling more, complaining about the same thing each time. "What the hell? Tell me you finally broke up with that piece of shit, Bells?" My cousin wasn't just family, she'd been my best friend for as long as I could remember, probably since before we were old enough to know what that meant. Living in different states never stopped our connection. She knew all of my secrets and I knew hers. She was that one person that nobody else came before. Seeing her in pain broke my heart.

She fell into my chest and wasn't able to answer as her sobs completely overwhelmed her. I held her tight and thought back to the first time she'd called me crying. Even though they'd been a couple for a long time, since their senior year in high school, her boyfriend wasn't as serious as my cousin wanted him to be.

I held her tight in my arms, content with the fact that I'd do just about anything to take away her pain, including beating the shit out of his scrawny ass. He'd cheated and lied so many times, but she never learned. "Bells, you know you can't keep doin' this to yourself."

"I know," she snapped. It was the confirmation that I needed. Her boyfriend was the culprit.

"You also shouldn't be drivin' this late all messed up."

"I couldn't go home to my parents. Besides, they'll all be here in the morning. Do you really think I could ride in a car with them or my grandparents for all that time? Look at me. They'd know and drill me until I told them. I just knew I couldn't do it. There's no way I could deal with Jake or Jax. Mom would know immediately, and she'd tell Dad." She pushed herself out of my arms and walked over to the sink to wash her face. I grabbed some paper towels and handed them to her as she turned off the faucet.

The whole family was coming to the ranch for a surprise anniversary party for my parents. Since the actual date was still months away, they had no idea they were being ambushed with a celebration, instead of a plain old visit.

My cousin continued. "Home is the first place he'll look. Besides, you and I both know that if my dad finds out what he's done, he'll kill him. He just about promised it the last time he caught us fightin'."

I wanted to snicker at the comment. Isabella was my first cousin. We'd grown up being the best of friends. I'd protect her with my life, especially from scumbag boyfriends that didn't have any business getting into her pants. Although she acted like she didn't need it to her parents, I was always the shoulder she could cry on.

"What'd he do this time?"

She sniffled. "I found a ton of messages on his phone from that same girl. Apparently his friend Jeb never even existed. Instead he's been spendin' his nights in bed with Jen. All those nights I felt bad that he was workin' so hard. This whole time he's been bangin' some whore. Let me get my hands on her and I'll shove my foot so far up her snatch that she'll never be able to have sex again."

She took a deep breath while I clenched my jaw to prevent from laughing at her explanation of what she'd like to do to the girl. "I think the blame should be on him, Bells. He's the one who can't keep his dick in his pants."

She shook her head. "They grew up together. She was his first."

Right away I saw her changing her attitude so that she would be able to forgive him again. It pissed me off so much, because I knew things would never change. As long as she was letting him get away with it, he'd keep doing it. In my experience, she was giving him the best of both worlds. Sure, she'd be mad for a time, but then he'd come crying back at the right moment and somehow earn a spot back in her good graces. This wasn't anything recent either. Through college they'd been on again off again, never able to call it quits or settling down. "I just can't believe he did this shit right before the big party. Everyone's goin' to wonder why he's not here. What am I supposed to tell them?"

"The truth. You say he was a loser and you dumped his stupid ass."

She covered her face. "Maybe I'm just a shitty girlfriend. Maybe I smother him."

"Maybe he's just a douche. Look, Bells, you've been a good girlfriend. I think it's time you realized that there's other guys out there that would treat you better."

She pulled her hands away from her face and let out an air-filled laugh. "Don't even go there, cuz. You forget that I know your secrets. If you've taught me anything, it's that you can't trust a man."

"That ain't true." I don't know why it offended me so much. "Just because I don't want a serious relationship don't mean that men can't be faithful. It's a choice. Do you really think your daddy, or even mine would consider strayin'? You know they wouldn't."

"They're old, though. Who knows what they did when they were our age?"

I shook my head and laughed. Knowing for a fact that my dad was crazy about my mom, I knew there was hope for mankind after all. Sure, I was shameless, picking up women for a good time without a single call afterwards. It filled my need and left me without the stress of having to impress someone twenty-four-seven. I needed freedom, and it was for that reason that I was living in an old double-wide instead of with my parents or at the main ranch house on the property with my grandmother.

I wasn't the type of man to deal well with people ordering me around, especially my father. Just because my family thought I'd be the next person in line to run the ranch, didn't mean it was going to happen. Sure, ever since I'd finished college, well the two years that I attended, I'd done nothing else but help run the ranch. There hadn't been a single day that I didn't wonder if there was something else out there that I'd enjoy more. For now I was stuck, and as long as I had my space I'd be all right with it.

"I ain't goin' to argue with you about this right now, Bells. I'm tired and I need to get up early."

"Sorry. I didn't know where else to go."

While following her to the living room, I scratched my head. "Well, you're always welcome to stay here. You know that. Out of anyone alive on this earth you're the only person I'd be okay livin' with." Imagining living with a woman, who I was in a relationship with, was like hitting my own hand with a hammer. I'd avoid it at all costs.

She looked over at me with those big, bright green eyes that we both inherited from our parents. "I was hopin' that you'd say that. I'm tired of North Carolina, Noah. I need to get away from everyone."

"I feel ya. As big as our family is, sometimes they just need to mind their business." I sat down next to my cousin and put my arm around her. "You know, my mom's been tellin' me to get a woman to clean up after me and wash my clothes. Now I don't need to go lookin'."

She shoved me away and finally gave me a hint of a snicker. "Shut up! I'll never be your maid, Noah Mitchell." She over-annunciated my name. "You need to find someone else that is willing to touch your dirty boxers. You keep forgettin' that I know some of the shit you get yourself in to. There ain't no way I'm messin' around with your drawers."

I chuckled. "Well then that might be a deal breaker, Isabella Mitchell." She hated her full name being called out and rolled her eyes immediately.

I always got a kick out of picking on her. While we'd been around the same height as kids, she'd stop growing around the age of fourteen. Being that petite, she wasn't exactly someone that I looked at as strong, both mentally and physically. Since I stood a strong six-four, I towered over her tiny frame.

"Oh shut up. You know you miss me like crazy." The room got quiet for a second. "Now I just have to tell my parents."

I hadn't noticed that I wasn't fully alert until she'd made that statement. "Don't tell me you're doin' it this weekend. Bells, you can't ruin my parent's anniversary party. Please, just wait until the family heads home. Promise me."

She let her head fall against my arm and sadly replied. "Okay. I promise."

As she closed her eyes I stared out into the kitchen. My cousin Bells living with me wouldn't be so bad. Dealing with her drama and my unhappiness with my own life was going to be the deal breaker. "If he shows up I'm kickin' his ass. You know that right?"

"Yeah, I'm countin' on it."

I woke up later with a heavy feel to my arm. My cousin was sound asleep with her feet tucked up on the other end of the couch. I slid myself off of the furniture and covered her up before heading in my room and climbing on my bed, though sleep wouldn't come.

My mind was filled with what ifs. My cousin showing up had only reminded me of how I'd been denying my own happiness. Something had to give. If I didn't respect my parents so much I would have left a long time ago. They couldn't hold me down forever and expect me to marry and raise my family on the farm without other options. Life felt forced. It wasn't fair when I was a kid, and certainly not as an adult. Not one person had ever asked me what I wanted to do with my life.

Not one.

The older I got the more I knew I needed to have a talk with my parents. Obviously I wasn't my father, and the sooner everyone realized that the better my life would become.

Noah

Being an early riser, I woke up before daylight and found my cousin on the couch, exactly where I'd left her only hours before. She'd kicked off the cover and was on her stomach appearing to have been trying to keep warm. After tapping on her back, and waiting for her to sit up, I picked her up and carried her to my bed. There were other rooms, but she'd need to be comfortable. The family would be coming into town, and I knew I could lock my bedroom door and keep them from bothering her, for at least a little while.

Bells smiled at me when I covered her up. "Your sheets better not be crusty, cuz."

I snickered. "Like I would tell you."

"You're sick!" She nestled her head against my goose-down pillow and closed her eyes. "I still love you though."

I grabbed my keys off the dresser and headed out of the room. "Sleep in, Bells. You know where to find us later on. And if I catch you callin' that ass**le, I'm goin' to beat you with a willow switch."

"You wouldn't!"

"You better not find out." A pillow came flying toward me.

"Get out of here!"

I don't know why, but I felt more protective of her sometimes than I did my own sisters. It was probably because Christian never needed me to be a big brother. She was sort of quiet, didn't talk to boys, and spent most of her time buried in a book. Addy was the one that I was soon going to worry about. She'd just had her fifteenth birthday and was already giving our dad indigestion. She was constantly having her phone taken away, and most of the time she deserved a lot worse. A few weeks ago she'd come to me and asked if I could get her and her friends alcohol that they could keep hidden in the barn.

She was pissed at me for saying no, but I knew there would be hell to pay if I'd done it. The thing was, I think if Christian would have asked me, I probably would have been okay with it, as long as I could chaperone. Unlike Addy, she refused to party and socialize, putting all of her focus on education and some big picture.

Christian was the lucky one. She didn't have my dad forcing her into a career that she didn't want. In fact, they'd already gone and looked at colleges far away, in hopes of my sister enrolling in some kind of Marine Biology major. I would have given my left nut to go away to college and do something else with my future.

At least they could say one child made it somewhere big, if she succeeded, because Addy wasn't going anywhere at the rate she was going. Just the weekend before our mom had found out that she'd spent the night where she wasn't supposed to be. Instead of being at her friend's house, she'd gone and stayed with a group of kids, including her boyfriend. My mom had found pictures she'd taken of herself on her computer and had to take that away, too. Then they had to put a password on the WIFI so that she couldn't access the Internet. It was getting worse by the day. Bells and I had a fifty dollar bet going that she'd be pregnant by age sixteen and forced to live with my Grandma.

Maybe she just did it to rebel. My dad was a hard-ass. He'd push us to be our best, but only when it was with something he approved. Either he'd given up, or he was going soft in his older age, because there is no way in all of Hell that he'd allow me to do the things Addy got away with.

I found my dad in the back pasture with a thermos of coffee in his hand. He was reading some kind of blueprint when I walked up and I watched him tip his hat like he was already sweating. "Mornin'."

"Late night?"

I shrugged. "No. Why would you say that?"

"I seen a car parked outside your place this mornin'."

I knew I probably shouldn't have opened the can of worms so early, but I didn't feel like hearing my dad's shit about priorities and weekdays. "Bells is here."

He nudged his head and acknowledged silently that he'd been mistaken. I wasn't hooking up in the middle of the night when I knew I had a heavy day the following morning. "I thought she was comin' with everyone else."

I shrugged. "She said that ridin' in a car with her brothers is like gettin' needles stuck in her eyes."

Jake and Jax were bad. Co-captains of the football team in high school, and even better at baseball, they strived to get on the nerves of anyone around them. Since college I hadn't seen them much. They'd both decided to stay in North Carolina and it was a good thing. My uncle Ty had them working on the ranch on weekends and breaks. I honestly don't know how Bells was able to put up with them the way she did. Maybe she was just immune to their antics.

Surprisingly, Jake had a girlfriend that he obsessed over, while his twin didn't want anything to do with being tied down. He often bragged about getting laid, like it was something he deserved a trophy for. I remembered going through that when I was still in school. For me it was easy. I'd always looked older than I was and the ladies told me that my green eyes drove them nuts. I suppose there were a few times when I used my looks to my advantage. I sure as hell knew I wasn't ugly, so why not?

"Your mom wanted to know if you'd be alright if they stayed with you. We've got a full house. I think Uncle Conner said they are stayin' over at Grandma's house."

"Seriously?"

"Boy, don't act like there's no room. You and I both know there's plenty."

I shook my head and put my hands on my hips as I replied. "It ain't that. I just think Bells wants to be away from them."

"That ain't my problem."

I turned away from him and mumbled something under my breath, "Asshole."

"What did you say?"

"I said nothin'. Are we goin' to work today, or stand around talkin'?"

In the past few years my dad and I had brawled on occasion. It freaked my mom out and I hated to see her so upset. For me, it was like a stress reliever. My dad wasn't the easiest guy to deal with. He was set in his ways and left no room for change, whatsoever. "I heard what you said, Noah."

"You didn't hear shit."

"Boy."

Before he could slam me, I held up my hands. "Seriously, the family is comin'. Let's just get all this done so we can enjoy the weekend."

He sighed and shook his head, finally looking down at the blue prints again.

"I'm thinkin' that we need to tear down the feeding facility in zone one and rebuild closer to zone two. These were drawn up last week. Take a look and tell me what you think?"

I moved closer to him, secretly wondering if he was going to punch me in the arm for getting smart with him. My dad was still strong from working the farm everyday, but he didn't lift weights like me. If I wanted to I knew I could take him. The design was similar to what we already had - another reminder of him keeping things the same. "Looks fine to me. Are we buildin' it or havin' someone come in and do it."

He started putting his work gloves back on. "I think this time I'm goin' to pay to have it done."

That was a relief. He'd wait until the hottest or coldest day of the year and decided that was the time to start. "So, why are you even tellin' me?"

"You know why. This is going to be all your responsibility. Your mother's really gettin' on my ass since I took that fall. When I was your age I was runnin' it all."

"Dad, I -."

"I get that it's a lot bigger, but we got good workers to help you manage. I can still handle the finances of it. All you need to do is focus on the labor."

My head was starting to pound. I knew it was the worst time to mention it again, but something in me was itching and I had to spat it out. "What if this ain't what I want to do?"

"Boy, we've talked about this. Now get your ass out there and do your rounds."

I stood still and looked him right in the eyes. "I'm not you, dad. This ain't my forever."

"The hell it ain't. I've spent my whole life makin' this ranch what it is, and that's what your granddaddy did for me. You'll learn to like it."

"Yeah right," I whispered as I turned around and started walking away.

"Dinner's at six," he yelled.

I clenched my jaw and kept moving, knowing that once again I'd gotten nowhere with him.

By lunchtime my mood hadn't changed. I stopped by my place to grab something to eat and check on Bells. She was fresh out of the shower and on her phone. I could see it on her face that she'd already forgiven the prick.

She gave me a dirty look when I shook my head at her.

"Babe, I got to go. Noah just walked in." She looked right at me. "Yeah, I love you, too. See you tonight."

I didn't care if she hadn't hung up yet. "What the f**k, Bells?"

"Don't start, and don't you dare threaten to beat me with a switch."

"You seriously have a problem. There's a ton of men out there that would treat you right. Why do you keep goin' back and lettin' him mess you up?"

"Because we love each other. You wouldn't understand. When's the last time you've been in love with someone other than yourself?" She hugged her knees after pulling her feet up on the couch. Her blow was low to my ego, but then again Bells knew exactly how to push my buttons.

"You're bein' a bitch!" She was my cousin and I could call her that and not feel bad about it. "I've had a shitty mornin'. You're lucky I give a shit about you enough to still be around. Don't judge me for my relationships when you f**k yours up the way you do."

"How did I f**k things up? I'm a good girlfriend." She stood up and got in my face.

I put my hands on her shoulders and looked down at her. "Just because I don't want to get serious doesn't mean I can't love. After seein' how your relationship works I don't feel the need to be in one."

The door swung open and a cocky voice made us look in the direction of the kitchen. "You two sound like a married couple. Maybe you should just commit incest and get it over with." Jax smiled at his comment. I let go of my cousin's shoulders and walked back out of the house, after nudging my cousin hard into the wall.

"It's good to see you, too," he yelled through the cracked back door.

This weekend was going to test my nerves for sure. Between dealing with my dad, playing counselor to Bells and dealing with the twins in my house, I was going to need to drink, heavily.

Noah

Bells found me near the old willow tree at the far end of the pasture. It was a far walk unless you were on a golf cart or a horse. Even though my father had wanted to sell them, we still had a few horses that my sisters rode on occasion. The biggest one was named Oz. It had been a while since I'd ridden him, but I knew it would get me away from everyone else. With a bottle of whiskey in my satchel, I took him out in hopes for some peace and quiet.

"I knew I'd find you out here. Maybe you should answer your phone from time to time." She climbed off and led the smaller female horse named, Puddles, over to tie her up. "It would have saved me the hassle of saddllin' this one up. She's tough to deal with."

"She doesn't like to be ridden anymore, that's why." I took a swig of my dark colored beverage and looked out at the woods.

My cousin plopped down beside me and grabbed the bottle from my hand. She took a few sips and handed back, while scrunching up her face. "That is awful."

"It does the job."

"So you're tryin' to get drunk? That's real classy with the whole family here."

"If you're here to give me shit you can just turn your little ass around and go back to the house." As much as I missed her, I wasn't in any condition to hear her giving me advice.

"What is your problem? I know it's not just me. You forget I know you better than that."

I covered my head with my hands and closed my eyes. "I don't want to be here anymore, Bells. I need to get the hell off of this ranch."

"You mean tonight? We can go out -."

"Not just tonight." I looked over at her. "For good. I'm so f**kin' sick of it here."

I'd mentioned it to her before, but I don't think she'd ever believed me. Usually it was after some heated discussion with my dad, where I just needed to vent.

"This again?"

I stood up and walked away from her. The rustle of the dried grass let me know she was following behind. "Just stay out of it. I'll wait until you all leave to tell my parents."

Her hand grabbed my arm at the elbow. I turned to face her, feeling disturbed and unwilling to explain my reasoning any further. "Where are you goin' to go?"

Our eyes met and I could see concern in hers. "Bells, no matter where I go you'll always be welcome. I ain't goin' far. I just want more for my life. I'm tired of bein' told what to do. Maybe I want to build houses, or work in an office."

"You're bein' ridiculous, you know you don't want that." She was right. Those jobs sounded horrible.

"Maybe I do. Has anyone ever asked me? No! They haven't. This family is so f**kin' one-sided. I ain't doin' this same old shit anymore." I took off my baseball cap and wiped the sweat off my forehead. "I ain't yellin' at you, Bells."

"I know." Her arms wrapped around me and she let her head fall on my chest. "I'm sorry about earlier though. I guess I've got my own problems too. Ever since college ended all I hear about is what I'm goin' to do next."

"I'd still like the damn opportunity to be able to have a choice. Do you know how hard it is to wake up every day and know that someone has your future planned out for you? I'm sick of it. This shouldn't be up to my dad or even my grandmother. My dad thinks that since he was cool about runnin' the ranch, I will be too. That's bullshit. I'm not him." As the words escaped my lips I realized that I'd raised my voice.

Bells stared at me with wide eyes. "As pissed as we both know he's goin' to be, you can't NOT say anything, Noah."

"Yeah, well, I was tryin' to find the right time to do it."

She let out a sigh. "There's probably not goin' to be a good time to talk to him. I know you're pissed, but you takin' over the ranch means everything to your dad. He's not going to be calm and collected."

There had been plenty of times where I wanted to bring it up. He had to know I was miserable. I hadn't kept it a secret. "Yeah, I'm aware of that. It ain't like there's ever goin' to be a good time."

"Noah, please don't get mad at me for askin, but are you sure this ain't just you rebellin'? I mean, are you goin' to turn around and realize that this is where you belong, after it's too late?"

"Bells, trust me. I know what I'm doin'."

The words were said with confidence as they left my lips, but somewhere inside of me my heart was telling me something completely different. I'd fought with myself over them each and every night. I wasn't exactly sure why, because I knew I wasn't happy. It was just there, buried deep inside where nobody else would ever know.

Bells and I enjoyed the sun setting and the sounds of nature all around us. We'd talked about many things, but finally she asked something that I wasn't sure I had an answer for. I guess I just hadn't thought that far ahead to even consider it.

"Noah, what are you goin' to do if your dad tells you that you have to leave? I know he's your family, but we both get how strict he is. Have you considered that he's goin' to be so pissed that he tells you to leave the ranch?"

"I don't think my mom would let that happen, Bells. If anyone can calm down my dad it's her."

"Just promise me one thing." She looked right at me, as if her question was extremely important. "Promise me that if things get heated you'll walk away and cool down. I don't want to see what happened last time. This weekend is goin' to be so special for your parents. I know you. When you get a plan churning in that head of yours, you take matters into your own hands. I know you're not goin' to wait until after everyone leaves. You rollin' around in the dirt with Jake wasn't cool. You could have avoided it."

It annoyed me that she'd said that about me. If I'd ever been anything in my life it was devoted. "You have a good point, and I will respect it, this time. I won't ruin their party. Contrary to what y'all might think, I do love my parents. It ain't like I look for reasons to sabotage their happiness."

She laughed. "You took that the wrong way, cuz."

I nudged her, knocking her down in the grass. "Well then learn how to say it right, dammit. I don't have time to decipher your English."

With just a crack of sunlight left to see with, we gathered the horses and rode back to the barn. I noticed my little sister, Addy, and my cousins, Josh, and Callie standing behind one of the out buildings. At first glance they weren't doing anything wrong. They were all close enough in age where it wasn't like one was leading the other.

Bells put her hand up for me to stop walking toward them. "Did you see that?" She backed us up behind a large John Deere tractor that was sitting perfectly between the barn and other building. "I saw smoke."

I started to move and she grabbed a hold of my arm. "Wait! Do you remember us smoking for the first time, on this very ranch?"

"That's different."

She pulled me back again. "How so? We were younger then they are, Noah. Stop actin' all big and bad."

That instance the hint of marijuana filled my nostrils. "Son of a bitch!" I easily pulled out of my cousin's hold and headed in their direction. Though still far enough away, I could see my cousin, Josh dropping the joint on the ground and standing on it, hiding the evidence. He was the youngest out of all of the kids, so he definitely had no business sneaking around.

Their faces were priceless, all looking as if they were going to go to jail. Footsteps tromping behind me let me know that Bells was high on my tail. "What are you three doin'?"

Josh put his head down. My sister Addy spoke up, taking the lead like she always did. "We were hangin' out. What's it to you, Noah?" For a teenager, I had to give her points for having lady balls. That kid would stand up to anyone.

I pointed at her face. "Do you have any idea what dad would do if he caught you out here smokin' pot?"

She motioned for me to walk back the way we came from. "Mind your own business, Noah. You ain't dad."

In that moment I felt overcome by anger. I grabbed a chunk of her hair and yanked her away from everyone else. "I may not be your father, but I'm as close to it as you can get. Get your ass back to the house before I tell everyone what you three are back here doin'."

She pulled away from me, getting up in my face the best she could being a foot shorter. "You've got no proof, and besides, you wouldn't dare be a dick like that."

I leaned forward, almost touching her face with mine. "Little girl, don't you dare lie to me. I'm goin' to give you one more chance to walk away, or I'm goin' to kick your little ass myself."

My sister punched me in the gut, then huffed and puffed toward the house. Her fist had done nothing but knock the wind briefly out of me. "You better not let me catch you again, Addy."

She turned with her hand on her hip. "Or what? You goin' to tell on me? I'm so scared," She said as she rolled her eyes.

"What is wrong with you? Are you still pissed about the party I wouldn't let you have?"

"You're the lamest brother on the planet. Get out of my face, Noah." She motioned for me to walk away. "Seriously, give me a freakin' break."

I watched her walk up the porch steps and go into the house. I wasn't a dick. Telling my parents wasn't something I'd do, not unless I had to.

While I'd been privately dealing with my sister, Bells was handling our other cousins. She came back to join me once they'd all left. Afterwards she picked up the joint, brushed it off and smiled, I knew exactly what she was planning on doing.

She lifted it up to her lips and lit it with a lighter. "Where'd you get that?"

"I took it from them. If they don't have a lighter they can't smoke."

She handed me the joint and let the smoke out of her mouth. "You're evil."

I'd always been anti drugs, but marijuana wasn't exactly considered a drug, per se. Plus, I needed something to take the edge off of my stress. I took a hit and passed it back.

"Stop lookin' around. We're adults, Noah. We can do what we want."

I started laughing loudly and coughing at the same time. "No, we really can't."

She hunched over, giggling even harder. We both knew we weren't stoned yet, so this was just us blowing off steam, getting silly because we were both so annoyed with our lives. Suddenly, she stood up and looked at me. "Do you really want me to move in with you?"

I sighed and closed my eyes for a second, wondering what it would be like to live with a woman. I'd wondered about having a live-in girlfriend and never wanted it, but this was different. Bells was my family and I knew that out of anyone in the universe I'd want it to be her. Besides, she'd be cool if I didn't come home, or even if I brought someone home with me. Sure, she'd be opinionated, and probably never like a single female that walked through the door, but that was what she did anyway. "Yeah, it would be cool."

"What the f**k are you two doing?" I recognized both the look of horror on Bells face and the sound of her father's voice. She handed me the joint inconspicuously, but it was obvious what we'd been doing.

"Hey, Dad. When'd you get here?"

My uncle Ty began to laugh. "I came out to bust Josh and his sister, and I find you two instead. We could smell that shit from the front porch. Noah, what the f**k did I tell you about pressuring my little girl into drugs and other illegal activities?"

I looked at Bells and she smiled. "Sorry. We were just reminscin' that's all. Come on, Dad, I know all about your party days. You probably still do it with uncle Conner."

Uncle Ty was a crazy man. Growing up he'd taught me how to be funny, mischievous, and also that no matter what I did, there'd be a time to grow up and be responsible. "Back in the day I did a lot of things. If your mother caught me out here smoking dope with our daughter she'd cut my balls off and grill them as an appetizer. Put that shit away. There's kids here that look up to you. You know better."

Maybe we should have told him that we'd gotten it from the kids, but it seemed stupid to get them in trouble when we were adults.

"Dad, wait up!" Bells went running over toward him. "Don't be mad at me. It was just for fun. Neither of us do it everyday."

I smiled, watching Bells kiss up to her father. Aside from me, he was who she'd always turned to. Their relationship had begun on the day she was born. It didn't matter that he wasn't her biological father. She'd never have another dad, or want one.

I watched her kiss him on the cheek and walk back toward me. "We need to go to the main house and help out. I covered for our ass**le cousins this time."

"I was thinkin' he was going to bend you over his knee and whip your ass."

She rolled her eyes and giggled. "Fat chance. He's never beat me before. I'm his princess."

I put my arm around her. "You really take advantage of that, Bells. It's kind of pathetic."

"Hater!"

"He won't be walkin' away smilin' when you tell him you're movin' to Kentucky."

She stopped walking and looked down at the ground. Instantly her mood had changed. "I know."

"We should tell them our plans together. I know you're goin' to say it's a bad idea, but I think if we're all together as a family it would be safer, for at least a little while."

"Hell no! I'm not makin' a family announcement like that. You're crazy."

"Fine, I'll tell them first and then I'll add your news."

"Don't!"

"We'll be fine. Trust me."

I could tell from the look on her face that trusting me was going to be impossible. Maybe it was the marijuana making me feel brave, or maybe it was just having her by my side to do it. Whatever it was, I was determined that I wasn't going to keep her promise and wait until the party was over. My dad needed to know that I wanted something more with my life. He needed to understand that I was serious this time. I wasn't going to live this way anymore.

Noah

Chaos.

That's what happened when the family got everyone together in one place. Although the kids were now at least teens, it was still loud and unpredictable. While everyone waited for my mom and dad to show up at my grandmother's house, I silently thought about how I was going to approach my dad. This was a long time coming and I was positive that if I did it while everyone was around, I'd at least have a few people on my side, supporting my decision.

Bells was going to be pissed.

The room became silent when my aunt Amy announced that they'd pulled up. Everyone hid in the kitchen and waited for them to appear. Slowly but surely, they walked in, talking to each other the whole time, having no clue that this was actually a surprise for them. Since their anniversary wasn't anywhere near this particular date, they had no inkling.

My dad approached me first. He put his hand on my shoulder and pulled me in for a hug. "This was real nice, Noah. I know you had to help with it."

I nodded as he pulled away. "It was nothin'. I just did what everyone told me."

"Well I appreciate it and everything you do, for that matter." Great, he was making me feel guilty already.

I clenched my jaw and said nothing as he walked away. Of all the times for him to thank me it had to be when I was preparing to tell him that I didn't want this life anymore. I just couldn't bring myself to understand why I was feeling so guilty.

It took a while for my mother to make her way over to where I was standing. She'd been thanking everyone and chatting, while making eye contact with me the whole time. It was weird of her to be so attentive toward me, especially since the whole family was around.

Don't get me wrong, she was a great mother, the best I could have ever asked for. I knew she didn't give birth to me, but that meant nothing, not after everything we'd been through.

After the accident and hospital stay, which I don't really remember, the police took me to this building where a woman from Social Services came and sat with me. I was scared and cried for my birth mother, Krista, over and over again. I was almost four and didn't understand that my birth mother wasn't coming back. I was too young to perceive the concept of death.

All they could tell me was that my mother was in a better place.

There were days when I wished that I couldn't remember; times in my life that I wished I'd forgotten forever. That was definitely one of those times.

I owed Savanna my life, and although I was very young, I remember the day that I met her for the first time, when Social Services brought me to the door of my dad's house. It wasn't his fault that he never knew about me, and I'm sure the adjustment was hard on both of them, my mom especially. She'd been through a terrible ordeal after being abducted, and losing a baby. Yet she still welcomed me with open arms. When I was younger she used to tell me I saved her too. I'll never forget that, or her smile on that first day.

Even though most of it was a blur, meeting my dad and his wife were vivid. I remembered the way her eyes narrowed in on me when I came into her view. I could still recall the way she bent down to be on my level and spoke to me with her angelic voice, giving me so much hope when I felt completely alone and afraid.

We'd had our share of disagreements, but at the end of the day I knew she was meant to raise me and be my mother. It was hard to explain, maybe because I'd been so young. I didn't have memories of my birth mother, so I had nothing to compare Savanna to. All I knew was that she'd been there for me, and I loved her more than I would ever be able to express. I was blood to her, the same as both of my sisters. She never treated me like I didn't belong to her.

Her arms wrapped around me and her words vibrated against my cheek. "I can't believe you kept this from us."

I pulled away and smiled. "You made it hard at times, Mom."

"I had no idea. This was a complete surprise." We both looked around the room at how many of their friends and family had shown up to celebrate their big milestone. "It still feels like I just met your father. I can't believe it's been twenty years." She looked directly at me. "It's still hard to accept that you're a grown man. I still remember when you were that little boy with his father's eyes."

"I was just thinkin' about that, and about the impact that you've had on my life." For some reason just standing there with my mother reminiscing was getting to me. "I'm real glad I've got you in my life, Mom. Thanks for puttin' up with Dad for so long."

We both laughed.

"He's not hard to deal with." I looked over at her wondering why she'd take up for him. Then I noticed her winking and giggle. "Okay, maybe he has his moments. He's still a good man, though. I wouldn't trade a single day with him, or with you for that matter. We are so blessed. I know you don't always see eye to eye, but your dad loves you, Noah. He loves all of you kids."

I looked over at my father, who was laughing about something with my two uncles, Ty and Conner. He'd always lightened up when they were together it seemed. It also could have been that he just wasn't on my back about things while they were around.

I turned to give my attention to my mother, who was watching my aunt Miranda approach. She wrapped her arms around me and I leaned down to let her kiss me on the cheek. "I thought boys were supposed to stop growin' once they reached eighteen."

Her comment was overused, but I still managed to smile and act like it was some kind of compliment, for my mother's sake. "It must be from all Mom's cookin'."

I caught her smile and winked back at my mother. "If you ladies will excuse me, I need to go talk to Bells."

I found my cousin sitting on the couch looking down at her phone. She was texting that ass**le again, I just knew it. "We're supposed to be havin' a good time."

She looked over at me. "If I'm really goin' to consider movin' in here, I need to tell him. He deserves to know that I'm done with him."

I sat down next to her and looked around the room. My cousins were standing in their regular clicks. Christian was by herself, while Josh, Cammie, Callie, Cassie and my sister Addy were all together. Jake and Jax were approaching my sister and I noticed that they were doing it so she wouldn't notice them coming. Before I could realize what was about to happen, I watched a cupcake full of icing smashing into my sister's face. I stood up immediately. "Those little f**kers."

Bells followed behind me as I started hustling toward them. "Noah, hold up. They're just playin' around."

Jake wasn't as close as his brother Jax. I was able to grab him by the shirt and pulled him back towards me. "You think you're funny?"

Out of the corner of my eye I saw a white haired lady coming at me. She grabbed my hand and removed it from my younger cousin. "I'll take care of them, Noah. You go back over there and sit down."

"Gram, they need to apologize to Christian." When I pointed to my sister I noticed she was steady wiping the icing off of her face.

Red and blue icing had already smeared all over her light yellow dress. "It's ruined. They ruined my favorite dress. Assholes!" The look on her face let me know that she wasn't going to be satisfied with any kind of punishment our sweet grandmother could make. They needed to learn a lesson and I was going to teach it to them.

I looked right at my sister. "You want me to take care of them, sis?"

She wiped her dress with a napkin, making the stain worse. "Kick their ass, Noah. Brake their damn legs if you want. I hate them so much."

I kissed my sister on the top of her head. "I got this."

I grabbed Bells and pulled her out on the front porch of my grandmother's house. "What now?"

"Your little prick brothers are about to get their asses beat."

"Seriously, Noah, that ain't goin' to stop them. You can't have a repeat of last time. You promised me." She may have been right, but I wasn't about to deal with her arguing with me. I was sick of them bullying my sister. Of all the people in our family, she was the least to deserve their antics.

"They need to learn a lesson. You're either goin' to help me, or keep quiet about it. Before you decide you need to know that I can't promise this will be easy for you to watch."

She put her hands on her hips and raised an eyebrow. "Noah, you can't just stand there and tell me you're goin' to hurt my brothers and expect me to be cool with it. They may be little dickheads, but I'm their sister. We're supposed to be settin' a good example."

"So you're in?" I taunted her. "Come on, Bells. I need ya."

A smile formed in the corner of her lips on one side. "Fine. What do you want me to do?"

I chuckled as I explained the plan to her while we drove a golf cart to my place. I needed something from the kitchen drawer and I didn't want to have to hunt for it at my grandmother's house.

Bells reconsidered being a part of my plan several times. Finally I had to stop to calm her down. "Jesus, Bells. You were a lot more fun when we were kids. Stop actin' like a mom. It ain't like we're hurtin' anybody."

"I know. I still have a bad feelin' about it, though."

I look at her the same way I always did. She knew me too well to be able to bullshit her. "Would you chill out? It's fine."

Armed with what we needed, we pulled back up at my grandmother's house and went inside to find everyone lined up for dessert. Very carefully, while Bells went over and distracted them, I pulled out the super-glue and spread it across two forks. I grabbed two more and held them in one hand, while holding the spokes of the other two. One at time I handed them to the boys, who'd forgotten to grab one.

My aunt stood up and started giving a speech to my parents. The best part about it was that everyone stood still while she spoke, giving the glue ample time to dry.

It took a couple seconds after that for them to sit down and notice that the forks had adhered to the skin on their hands. One before the other, they began to yell about their dilemma. I leaned down in between them, catching their attention temporarily. "That's what you get for f**kin' with my sister, you little shits."

"Who you calling little?" Jax asked.

Okay, so they were my size, but I was still stronger.

Bells grabbed me by the arm and walked me out of the room, while her mother walked over to attend to her sons.

Once outside, we burst into laughter.

A couple things happened a few moments later.

A car pulled up, and out walked Bella's ass**le boyfriend.

My father and uncle Ty came flying out of the front door pissed, with my cousins coming out behind them. Jake had a paper towel in hands that was soaked with blood, while Jax still had the plastic fork attached to his skin.

My father came up and shoved me against the siding on the house. "I would think that after all of the work put into this party for me and your mother, that you would at least have the decency to set a good example for your younger cousins. You need to go home and cool off."

I could hear a commotion approaching the door near where we stood. My mother appeared, as well as my aunts and my grandmother.

Jake came at me, bloody hands and all. "YOU PIECE OF SHIT! I'VE GOT PRACTICE NEXT WEEK!"

I could tell he was pissed, except it didn't make me want to care. I'd done something that they'd probably done themselves. So what if his hands were bleeding? They deserved it.

I shoved my cousin away. "Get the f**k off of me."

Then all hell broke loose.

He came back at me swinging and I took him down easily, but before I could throw one punch I was being grabbed by two different people and pulled off of my cousin.

"Boy, what is wrong with you?" My father had this look on his face that I recognized right away. "I said cool it."

I held up my hands. "He deserved it. That's all I'm sayin'."

Out of the corner of my eyes I could see my mother covering her face. For the most part our family get-togethers didn't involve fist fights, however trips to the Emergency Room were common. We'd all rolled around in the dirt before, so it wasn't like it was a big shocker.

Another shove from my father slammed me back into the side of the house. "You need to not only apologize to your mother, but also to everyone here."

"Fat chance. I ain't apologizin' for shit they do all the time. Don't sit there and claim you and uncle Ty didn't do the same shit. Do you even want to know why I did it?" I pointed toward Jake. "That little f**ker was messin' with -."

He didn't let me finish. "You know what Noah, it doesn't even matter. Here lately you've been on my last damn nerve, boy. Get your shit straight, son. You hear me?"

"Dad, I'm tryin' to tell you that I was protectin' -."

"Shut your mouth, Noah! There ain't no reason to do somethin' as stupid as you did. You know how important sports are to that kid's future. He's on a scholarship, for Christ sakes. This wasn't the time or place, and you know it. Go home and settle down. Let your mother enjoy the rest of the night without drama for once. By mornin' it will all be calm again and we can enjoy their visit."

I shoved away from him and started walking. "This is why I can't do this shit anymore," I grumbled under my breath.

I felt him pull on the back of my shirt. "What did you say, son?"

And there we were.

Staring each other down like things always ended.

This time I was determined that I wasn't backing down.

"I said I ain't dealing with this SHIT anymore."

I think the shock of me standing up to him caught him off guard. For a moment he stood there contemplating what to do or say to me. After looking around I discovered that the whole family was outside, watching us. I spotted Bells in the crowd and noticed her douche-bag boyfriend with his arm around her. I think it was at that moment when I just snapped.

I was tired of being pushed around by my dad, and expected to live my life a certain way. No matter what I did was never good enough for him. I wanted more out of life and this was my opportunity to let him and everyone else know it. "Speechless? Is that what you are, Dad?" I backed up more so he couldn't hit me. "You heard me right. I'm sick of this place. I'm tired of you bossin' me around and tellin' me all that I do wrong. You want the god damn truth about it, well I'm tired of you. If I had a choice, I'd get the f**k out of here and never come back." In my defense the last comment wasn't true. There's nothing more important to me than my family, and that sentence had guaranteed that I'd never have their support again. Before my father could even say anything, I knew that to be true.

His cock-eyed look let me know that he was officially flabbergasted. He held up his hand and pointed toward the main gate of the ranch. "Pack your shit and get out then. You think you're so much better without this family then go on. There ain't no other place for you out there, Noah. You'll come home cryin' sooner or later."

I walked past him, keeping my eyes on his the whole time. "Yeah, well see about that."

"We certainly will."

My mother came rushing to my side while I was climbing on the golf cart to head back to my place and pack my bags. "Noah, please don't do anything stupid. Your dad is just mad, that's all. He doesn't want you to leave. I don't want you to leave. This is your home. Just go home and sleep it off."

"That's just it, Mom. I don't think I can be here any longer. Before all of this happened I was plannin' on tellin' him that. I ain't happy here."

She pulled on my arm when I started to move forward. I hit the brake and finally looked into her tear-filled eyes. I had to clench my jaw to hold in my emotions. My heart was beating like crazy after having words with my dad, but this was something entirely different. She was pulling at my heartstrings and there was nothing I could do about it.

Acting like a hard-ass came easy, but breaking my mother's heart was something I couldn't handle. I'd promised myself a long time ago that I'd never let it happen again. One look into those blue eyes of hers and I knew it was too late. "Mom, please don't cry. I didn't mean to ruin your party."

"I don't care about that," she cried. "Where will you go?"

I reached out and grabbed her hand, holding it with mine and caressing the skin with my thumb. "I'll find a place to call home. You don't have to worry about me. I'm a grown man. I'll be fine."

She cried harder, so much that I had to look away from her. I couldn't stand seeing her so upset and being the culprit for making it happen. "This is your home," she repeated.

I opened my mouth to speak and saw him coming toward us. Quickly, I glanced over at my mother and lifted her hand to my lips. After kissing it, I still held it while I spoke. "I'll call you as soon as I get settled. I promise."

"Noah, don't -."

"Let him go, Savanna. Just let him go. He'll be back when he realizes how good he has it. You'll see."

I pulled away from them, leaving my mother to cry against my dad's chest. It was difficult to stay collected when my adrenaline was heightened. Still, I kept my focus and knew that after I was packed and off the ranch I could stop and have a drink to calm down.

The worst part was over with. My dad knew the truth and there wasn't a damn thing he could do about it.

Noah

I'd no sooner got back to my house and found a duffle bag when I heard someone coming in the back kitchen door. I didn't stop gathering my things even when I heard the person approaching. "Noah, what the hell just happened?"

I turned to see my cousin standing in the doorway. "You know what was going on."

"You knew this would happen, didn't you? You knew that your dad would go off and you'd have a reason to speak your mind?"

"Not exactly." I probably should have known, but I hadn't considered it to be an option.

"Don't give me that. You forget who you're talkin' to."

"Whatever, Isabella. Don't you have a boyfriend to tend to?"

She shoved me down while my back was turned. When I got to my footing she was standing behind me with her hands on her hips. "Noah Mitchell, are we usin' full names tonight, because I can play that game too."

Nobody except my mother called me by my full name. It wasn't that I hated it. I just didn't particularly like it being used. "Screw you."

"Screw you! What is wrong with you? Did you even consider that I'm not goin' to be able to move in now? My dad's never goin' to be alright with it."

"Bells, I don't give a shit about where you live. Hell, I don't even have a place to live. Just go back to the party and leave me alone. I'm not in the mood for your opinions." I stood up and tried to get past her, but she refused to budge.

"Dude, this is like that time when I called your girlfriend a whore and you didn't talk to me for three months?"

I scrunched up my face. "No. It ain't like that. We ain't kids anymore."

"Well you're actin' just like one." I could almost see her blood boiling.

"Like I said before, you can leave. Where's lover boy?" I hated him so much that mentioning his name pissed me off. "You better go run after him before he tries gettin' into someone's pants at the party. Hell, he's probably already f**ked one of our cousins already."

Her hand made contact with my cheek, and while I put my hand up to coax away the sting, she kneed me right in the balls. I sank down holding myself while pain ripped through me. "What the hell is wrong with you, Noah?"

"He's no good for you, and you know it."

"You've got no room to judge. Your life is pretty f**ked up right now."

I sat up and reached for my cousin. The pain in her eyes let me know that my words were hurting her. Immediately I felt horrible. Of all the people in the world that I'd hurt were the two that were most dear to me. "Damn it. Bells, I'm sorry."

"Save it." She put her hand up. "We need to put our heads together to figure out where we're goin' to go."

"We?"

"Yes, we. You think I'm goin' to let you go without me? I want out too. There's got to be a place out there for us."

I put my hands on her shoulders and looked right at her. "Bells, you ain't goin' with me. Stay here and watch the house. I'll call you when I settle in somewhere."

"You're just goin' to leave me? After everything we've been through? You'd leave me?"

"It ain't like that and you know it." I kissed the top of her head and backed away, grabbing my bag off of the bed. "This is somethin' that I need to do on my own."

"I just don't understand where this is comin' from. You don't have to leave to figure things out. You've got your own house. Your mom and grandparents aren't goin' to let you just ride off into the sunset, Noah. You've got other choices."

I turned and looked right at her. "Bells, you heard my dad. He wants me out, and I'm happy to oblige. I've lived under his rules for too damn long. In fact, if anyone is to blame for all of this, it's him. I'm tired of his shit."

She sat down on the couch and crossed her arms. As soon as I sat down beside her we heard someone coming in through the kitchen. When I saw her boyfriend standing there I lost it. "Get the f**k out of my house."

Not only did he not turn around and leave, but he began to walk towards me. "I came for my girl. She don't need to be around you when you're acting like a tool."

I cocked my brow and turned to look at my cousin. Why she was with such a loser was beyond me.

I got up in his face, looking down to his shorter level. "What did you just say?"

"You heard me." He didn't stand down.

I shoved him, giving him little time to get his footing. He tumbled back onto the kitchen floor. As he started to get up, I could hear Bells coming up from behind me. "Noah don't!"

As soon as I turned to apologize, grab my bag and leave, I felt something hard smashing into the side of my face, just below my eye. I closed it and took the full blow before turning back to look at him. With his arm cocked back prepared for another punch, I caught him off guard, and shoved him with my head. We landed back down on the floor and I took advantage of the situation by ramming my fist directly into his jaw repeatedly. "You're nothin' but a lying cheater. You don't deserve her. You never have and you never will."

Bells was on my back in an instant. "Get off of him, Noah. You'll kill him!"

I kept pounding my fist into his face, getting the release I needed from all of the drama that had conspired earlier. The harder I punched him the more I felt better about what I was doing.

My cousin screaming finally got my attention enough to stop. Her boyfriend's head turned to the side as he fell unconscious. While turning to stand, I felt her smacking me in the chest. Tears ran down her face. "I hate you, Noah. How could you?"

"How could I?" I shook my head and grabbed the bag. "You're just like the rest of them. If defendin' the people I care about is wrong, then I don't f**kin' belong here. It was a f**kin' prank, get over it already."

Before walking out the door I looked back to see her trying to wake him. I was so pissed over it that I refused to say goodbye.

She'd made her choice, just like the rest of my family. I'd never be able to do anything right in their eyes and I was done trying to change that.

The brisk evening air filled the inside of my truck as I approached the main highway out of town. I had the music blaring for several reasons, but mostly to block out the sound of my cell phone constantly ringing.

The past couple of days had taken a toll on me and I was ready to walk away from it all. Between my breakup with Perry, the problems with my dad, and now the drama with Bells, I knew that I had to get as far away from Kentucky as I could get.

Once I'd driven west for a good hour, I pulled the truck over and grabbed a coin out of the ash tray.

"Heads is north. Tails is south."

I flipped the coin in the air and watched as it landed on heads. Then I just sat there staring at it for a long time. I don't know why I was questioning it, but something was telling me that heading north was a bad idea. Since all of my decisions were said to be bad, I figured to go against my better judgment and head there anyway. After all, I had plenty of time on my hands; time that was going to require me to think, which was something I really didn't want to do.

Once I hit the Ohio border I started to feel tired. Since I had my own money, and plenty of it, I knew I could stop and get a room somewhere without having to count the change in my truck.

My phone had died, so asking my cell phone to find me a place to eat wasn't an option. I had to follow the road signs and hope that I ended up at a good place, where I could at least have a beer and a hot meal.

Leave it to me to pick the most abandoned roads to travel on. It took nearly another whole hour before I came to any place that served food. The old roadhouse was located right off the main highway. The dim lit parking lot with only a few cars let me know that I was definitely still in the boonies.

Upon walking into the establishment, I spotted the bar and made my way over to it. A man, looking to be around my age came forward, giving me a once over, before taking my order. He handed me a menu while he went to grab me a beer. After ordering a steak, I took my beverage over to one of the tables located toward the back of the building. I wasn't trying to be inconspicuous, because I knew I didn't know anyone around. It was just that I didn't want to be bothered with conversation.

While waiting for my food, I noticed a young woman arguing with the bartender. She was wearing a baseball cap that kept me from seeing her face. A long ponytail of dark brown hair was pulled through the back of the hat. The man was pointing his fingers in her face, and after a few choice words, she retreated into a back room.

About that same time I realized that I'd left my wallet in the glove compartment of my truck. I approached the bar, at first to let him know that I wasn't skipping out on my bill, and then he had to run his mouth.

"Hey, I'll be right back. My wallet is in the truck."

"Sure, man. Did you hear that bitch just now? I tell ya, women are only good for one thing and that's f**king. Other than that they need to keep their mouths shut."

"We all have our opinions." I wasn't trying to start with the bartender. All I wanted was my meal and a couple drinks to calm me down, but drama always seemed to follow me, no matter where I went.

It only took a second for me to get what I needed from my truck. I'd grabbed my wallet and started making my way back into the restaurant when I saw the same girl leaned against the building. She was crying and had her hands over her face.

I had every intention of walking by her and minding my own business. I was already running from my own problems and had no interest in taking on someone else's. With my hand on the door I heard her calling out to me. "Hey you. Got a light?"

She held a cigarette up to her lips while she waited.

I held up my hands. "No, I don't. Smokin's bad for you anyway, don't you know that?"

"Waking up every morning is apparently bad for me. This little cigarette won't do shit."

"Bad day?" I don't know why I asked, because I sure as hell didn't care. Still, she was a female, and even though she was hiding it under baggy clothes, I could tell she had a nice figure.

She let out an air-filled laugh. "Bad everything."

"Yeah, it's goin' around." I started to turn to go back inside. "You know, don't listen to that dick inside. He's a douche."

"Hold up." She waited for me to look at her before continuing. "You're not from around here are you?"

"Just passin' through. Does it matter?"

I watched her arms cross over her chest. She looked down, denying me a chance to see the color of her eyes. It was funny to me how she was hiding her body with a loose t-shirt and a pair of baggy jeans. "This town sucks. I was just going to tell you to keep on driving. There's nothing here worth stopping for. Trust me, I've been here my whole life."

I should have just walked away. It wasn't like I owed her or anyone else anything. After my meal I'd get in my truck and keep on driving. The highway would lead me to my future, I just knew it. "Sorry your havin' a bad day. Mine hasn't been all that great either. When it rains it f**kin' pours." I kicked a couple rocks around while I spoke, noticing that the music had stopped playing inside as the songs changed. "If you'll excuse me, I've got a dinner to eat."

"Not if I don't bring it out to you." Her snarky words were without emotion.

"Now, why would you go and say that? You don't even know me, so why make me suffer. It ain't like I'm the one that pissed you off. In fact, I just told you that I had a shitty day."

She shook her head. "Forget it! Your order will be out in a few minutes."

She walked inside through the back door leaving me alone outside. I stood there for a few minutes looking at the cigarette on the ground. It wasn't like I wanted one, but more that wanted something to take the edge off of how I was feeling. My temper was still flaring even hours after my altercation with my father. If I remained tense, I knew I wouldn't be able to sleep later on.

As soon as I got back inside I order a couple shots of whiskey, before making my way back to my seat.

Just like she'd promised, my steak dinner was delivered. Even in the poor lit establishment I could finally see her face enough to know that she was cute and maybe not as young as I'd first assumed. While handing me the shots I noticed that she bit her fingernails. It made me think about my sister, Christian. Though extremely beautiful, she never could kick that habit. When I was finally settled somewhere I would call her and have her come visit me.

"Is there anything else I can get ya?" Though the question was directed to me, I couldn't shake that the attitude attached to it wasn't. She kept looking at the guy who was bartending.

"I'm good." I took a bite of my steak and noticed my shot glasses were empty. "How about you bring me a couple more of these?"

She grabbed the glasses and rolled her eyes. "Whatever."

A loud crash at the bar a few seconds later caught my attention. I turned to see the girl and guy having words again, but the music was playing and I couldn't make out what they were saying from so far away. A couple minutes later the guy wiped off his hands and walked out, after saying a few choice words that I was able to make out.

Aside from a few people sitting at the counter drinking, there wasn't anyone else there. The girl walked over to the corner of the bar and leaned on it, putting her head down where nobody could see. When she stood up straight she had this happy look on her face. I'd seen a lot of crazy bitches in my life, but none that acted the way she was.

The smile was still there when she delivered my next two shots. "Here you go. Two shots of whiskey."

I looked down and noticed that there were three. "Um, there's an extra one here."

"Oh that one's for me." She picked it up and held it out in front of me. "Here's to ass**les that hold us back from our dreams."

I almost spit the whiskey across the room. Her toast hit so close to home, but I knew she couldn't possibly know what I was going through. I took the second shot quickly and handed them both to her without another word. As intrigued as I was, I knew I couldn't get involved.

Her advice was for me to keep driving, and that's exactly what I planned on doing.

Shalan

As if my day couldn't get any shittier, my brother had decided that getting a piece of ass was more important than helping me close up the bar. Who knew when he'd come back, if he did at all, though I couldn't blame him for that part.

If the establishment hadn't been my only source of income I would have walked away a long time ago, but since my uncle owned it, we all felt obligated to spend every waking moment making sure it didn't burn to the ground.

It wasn't like tonight was any different than others. My brother often ran out for pu**y, leaving me to wrangle up the town drunks and make sure they couldn't locate where I'd hid their keys, at least until they sobered up.

At least this night had come with an added bonus.

It was rare for us to see travelers, since we were located off the main route. I was surprised to spot a very handsome man walking in, and more shocked to notice that he obviously didn't want to socialize. While he made his way to the farthest seat in the place, I studied his body language, trying to catch a vibe as to why he was there and what for. Not that it even mattered. He'd be gone by morning and the town would be just as boring as it was every other day.

I thought back to a time when my dreams seemed like they could come true; a time when I didn't understand the concept of money, and how much of it I would actually need to make it on my own. This was also before I started dating Rex, and decided that my dreams could wait.

That was one year ago to the day. I remember because it was also the anniversary of the day that my mother died of breast cancer. I'd only been thirteen when it happened, but it had scarred me for life, especially since my good-for-nothing daddy stopped being a parent to me.

Though I still saw him on occasion, I rarely even spoke of the man, more less depended on him to take care of me when times got tough. I'd been taking care of myself since the day she died, and probably even before that.

My dad was bitter, and withdrawn. He'd given up on himself, which in turn trickled down to my older brother and then to me. I wish I could say that my brother was around to help guide me in the right direction, but being that he's six years older than me, he was already in college on a scholarship that wouldn't allow him to take time off, or care for a kid sister that he had nothing in common with except for a little blood.

You see, we may have shared DNA, but that's about all it was. My dad wasn't his father, and after being reminded of it a thousand times, my brother was adamant about cutting him off completely.

That left me alone with him.

The picture is even less pretty when I admit to the many times my dad came home drunk and confused that I was my mother. A stiff kick in the balls would free me from what was about to take place, but it didn't help with the fear I had of living under the same roof with a monster.

Throughout high school I kept my problems bottled up so that no one would see. I knew that my father was a bad man, albeit feared what kind of person I'd have to live with if the state put me in foster care.

It wasn't until my senior year that my brother showed up at my door. After so long thinking that I had nobody, he told me that we had an uncle, who happened to be living in our town. He'd cut off our mother from the family when she'd run off and eloped with my father. It was also the reason why he'd never come looking for me. He didn't know I existed. He'd moved out of state and since come home to manage his wife's father's saloon. When my brother came back he stopped in for a drink and recognized my uncle after so many long years of not knowing him.

One would think that living in the same small town would provide little to no secrets. Our town was the exception. My father kept my mom at home, first caring for me, and then to take care of herself when she started to get sick, when I was around the age of seven. She never once mentioned her brother, or had pictures to prove that a sibling existed.

I don't know if she ever reached out to him, and he's never mentioned if she did.

After we met I had a million questions; the first being could I come live with them. I was almost eighteen and wanted to get away from my dad. With no money, and nothing lined up, I knew I was stuck.

Not only did my uncle let me move in, but he also offered me a job. I'll never forget the day I packed my things and walked out of my house. I never said goodbye, or told him where I was going. In fact, I still don't think he knows my uncle is back, and that we are in touch with each other.

The last time I saw my dad was this morning at the graveyard. He tried to hug me, but I pulled away before we connected. The older I got the more disgusted with him I became. What man drinks so much that he thinks his daughter is his dead wife? It repulses me.

Thinking about my dad brought me back to why I was so pissed off. Not only had my boyfriend forgot about the importance of the day, but he'd blown me off to hang out with friends.

I should have known he was bad news when we got together, because that's all I've ever been attracted to. I want a guy that I work hard to get; one that treats me like shit, but keeps expecting more.

It was my nature by fault, and I didn't know how to change it. The only good thing that came out of it was that I never expected a man to save me from myself. I knew how I was and I'd accepted it.

The only real downfall to setting my standards so low was that at times like these I needed support. I needed a shoulder to cry on, and the reminder that I wasn't alone in the world. Sure, I had friends and even some family, but they'd walk away from my problems for their own petty needs without a single ounce of guilt.

That's what ripped me apart inside.

It was probably a bad idea to feed a complete stranger so many shots. Usually I wasn't so negligent when it came to patrons. Going to jail for serving someone alcohol and them getting in a wreck wasn't my idea of a good time. After the seventh shot for him, and second for myself, I'd decided that he'd drank enough.

We'd spoke briefly, and both times I was sure I wasn't exactly friendly. My mood was tampered by my shitty life, and knowing that I'd never get out of this town to pursue what I really wanted to do.

I approached the customer and noticed that his eyes were drooping. Where he'd worn a frown before was now replaced with a cool smile. His white teeth were perfect, and I almost wondered if they were fake. Though he was wearing a hat, I could tell he had thick dark hair. Then there were those eyes. My god, I'd never seen green eyes like his before. "You comin' over for another round, darlin'?"

His words...

That accent...

He gave me butterflies when he spoke to me, which was so unusual. I dealt with men every day, and not even my boyfriend could get a response like that. "Actually, I was coming to give you your bill. I think you've had enough to drink."

He grabbed my arm before I got a hold of the shot glasses that were empty on the table. "Just a couple more and then I'll be on my way."

I pulled away from him as a natural reflex. Too often I was being approached with random drunks from town. They reminded me of my dad and I always got nauseous.

Except this was different. His focused eyes stayed on mine. "You're already way over the legal limit. I think it's best for both of us if you had a couple glasses of water."

"You got any Doritos? I love eatin' those f**kin' things after I've been out partyin'."

He wiped his face, so awkwardly that he almost missed it completely. He definitely couldn't pass a sobriety test.

"I've got pretzels and water." I turned to walk away and he grabbed the back pocket to my jeans, pulling me back towards him. When I fell down on his lap, after losing my balance, I shot up and was prepared to smack him. He covered his face with his hands. "I'm sorry," he slurred. "I just need a minute to think."

I placed my hands on my hips and waited for him to say something else. Instead, he stood up and then fell back down in the chair. "Did you put drugs in my drink? I don't do drugs. What's a pretty girl like you doin' wearin' such crap? I bet you're beautiful without a disguise," he slurred.

It was funny to me how this drunk stranger somehow understood why I dressed that way for work. The less skin and figure that I showed, the safer I was around a bunch of intoxicated, belligerent fools. It wasn't like my brother cared if I was abducted and sexually assaulted. He'd made that obvious when he started leaving me to close up shop without him.

"Water and pretzels would be nice." Finally he relaxed in the chair again.

When I got back to the bar I noticed that money had been left on the counter and all of the other customers had gone. The clock was nearing midnight and I felt comfortable that nobody else would be stopping by for a drink. After locking the outside door from people coming in, I served the drunk guy pretzels and a bottle of water, and started cleaning up.

After a while I forgot that he was still there. I mean, in the back of my mind I knew I wasn't alone, but he was so out of it that it wasn't like I had good company.

The jukebox had stopped playing a mixed variety of music for a while, and I hated the quiet, so I started to do what I did best; what I did every night that I closed out the bar.

I sang a song that I wrote for my mother. I'd sang it earlier in the cemetery and every year on the same day. She was my angel, the one person who understood what I was put on the earth to do. She made me promise that I'd never stop singing, and I couldn't let her down, no matter how hard life got, I couldn't stop.

"Why'd you have to leave me,

Out in the cold so alone and afraid.

I've done my best with what I've been given,

I'll never feel ashamed.

I know you're out there watching,

Making sure that I don't fall.

Life without you, Momma,

Feels like no life at all."

Clapping made me jump and stop singing.

The stranger was standing, well leaning, on a stool on the other side of the bar from me. "That was amazin'. Do it again."

My cheeks caught fire as I became aware that he'd been listening. Since I was no good at performing in front of people, this had made me uncomfortable. "I -"

"What's a little thing like you doin' with pipes like that?"

I couldn't help but smile. When I was a little girl I sang in the choir. Back then it was easy for me to perform. It wasn't until my mother died that everything had changed. Maybe it was after she died, when my father came home and blamed all of my singing on her cancer. He said my voice was from the devil and that I'd made her sick.

I kept my promise to my mother, but somewhere deep inside I often wondered about what he'd said. I knew it wasn't possible, but it still kept me from being confident about it.

"It's just something I do to pass the time I guess."

"So no encore performance?"

"Nope," I answered while feeling embarrassed.

He pulled out his wallet and tossed a hundred dollar bill across the counter. "This should cover my meal, drinks and your tip. Thanks for the song, darlin'."

I watched him walk out, and after swooning over his words again, I went after him. "Wait! You can't tip me this much. You'll come back hunting for your change in the morning."

"Doubt that!" He pulled out his keys and touched the keypad on the actual door to unlock his truck. I couldn't help but notice that it was extremely nice. It was a four-door, obviously brand new and fully loaded. He leaned in and started the truck with just a push of a button. "Which way is north?" he asked.

I started to lift my finger in the direction, but knew he was in no shape to drive. "Your truck is really nice. Can I see what the new keys look like?"

Since he was drunk I knew he'd fall for it. As soon as he handed me the key ring, I tossed it as far as I could into the grass. "Please don't hate me for this, mister, but I can't go home with a clear conscience if you're out there driving. Sleep it off and when the sun rises you will find your keys."

"My truck won't let me drive it without the keys. I need to get out of here. What the f**k?" He looked like a kid that lost his puppy.

I started to walk away, but he somehow caught up to me and came walking into the bar.

I turned around to realize he was a lot closer than I thought. Our eyes met and I got that warm feeling again. "Nothing is more important than your life. You may hate me right now, but you'll thank me tomorrow. If not, you know where to find me to chew me out."

"Shiiit! Fuuuuck!" He stomped back outside and things got quiet.

Not wanting to deal with the stranger for any longer, I hurried and turned out the lights after locking away the money in the safe.

I locked the front door again, so that he couldn't come back in, and exited out the back. Quietly, I crept to my car and tried to start it. Unlike his fancy machine, my vehicle was twenty years old and didn't always want to start. I tried a dozen more times and finally realized that I'd not only flooded the engine, but the battery had also died. My head fell against the steering wheel. "What else can go wrong today? Come on, Momma, help me out here."

Three attempts to call my boyfriend turned out with three voice messages. His house was too far to walk and there wasn't exactly any place inside to lay my head down, unless it was the dirty floor. I couldn't call my uncle for two reasons. The first was that the bar was supposed to stay open until at least one. The second was that I'd been staying with my boyfriend for the past four months, and I knew he'd be pissed since he hated him so much.

Deciding that my car was the best option, I reclined my seat and closed my eyes. This night couldn't possibly get any worse, and this was going to guarantee it.

Shalan

A knock on the window scared me to death. There he was, the stranger with the perfect teeth and southern drawl. "You need some help?"

I kept the window rolled up. "I'm fine. Just waiting for the tow truck," I lied.

"I can give you a ride if you help me find my keys."

His ploy to get his keys back wasn't going to work on me. "I don't get into cars with strangers, especially ones that have been drinking."

"Come on. I need to get on the road. I'll pay you. Would that change your mind?"

I rolled over in my seat, trying to pretend he wasn't right outside begging me to help him. I hated that I'd put myself in this situation, again. At least this time I wouldn't have to see this guy ever again. By morning he'd have those keys and be gone.

For a little while it got quiet, so silent that it made me wonder if he'd passed out in his truck. I sat up when I heard someone curse. In the field next to the parking lot I saw him crawling around searching for those keys. One dim light lit the back of the lot, and I saw the shimmer of metal about four feet from where he was searching. Though it was far away, I had a feeling that it was his keys and he was getting way too close to finding them. I exited my car quietly, focusing on the keys and not the man. I kept my eyes on the item shining in the overgrown grass and recovered them before he could see what I was doing.

"Hey, you found 'em."

I put them behind my back. "I can't let you drive. Now, I don't know you, and you certainly don't know me. Let's keep this as cordial as possible for the sake of my sanity. I'm really trying to do a good thing here."

He put both hands in the air. "You're the boss, but I can promise you that my truck has workin' heat and a comfortable ride home. I mean you no harm, just tryin' to do my part for someone in trouble. Where I come from we help out our neighbors."

"We aren't neighbors, sir. You could be a criminal for all I know."

He chuckled and shook his head, as if my comment were the funniest thing he'd heard in ages. "Look here, I just want to get out of this town and move on. We don't have to be neighbors or even friends. I'm offerin' you a ride home on a chilly night. That's all. Either way, I'm goin' to get my keys and be on my way."

I felt like he was invading my space as he took a step in my direction. I held my hand up for him to not come any closer. "Hold up! I'm starting to feel uncomfortable being out here all alone. If you come any closer I may have to scream."

He cocked his right eyebrow and looked around. "Like anyone would hear you."

"They would. Noise travels," I lied. We happened to be in the quietest town that existed on the planet.

He took another step closer to me. My breathing increased. It scared and excited me at the same time. Sure, being alone in the back of the bar parking lot with a stranger was a terrible move on my part, but at least if he was a murderer or worse, I'd die by the hands of someone that was as hot as a man could ever be. "Just give me my keys. I'm not as drunk as you think I am. It's been over an hour since I had that first bottle of water. Trust me, I've driven home way worse than this."

I held the keys behind my back, still not convinced. This situation wasn't going to end well, and as depressed as I was, I certainly didn't want life to end this suddenly. "What if I drove?"

Again, he laughed at me. "Women don't drive my truck. It's a rule."

When he stepped toward me again, I panicked and dropped the keys down the front of my t-shirt. I have absolutely no explanation for it.

"Do you think that will keep me from gettin' them?" He continued laughing at me.

"You can try, but you will be ball-less when I'm through with you," I promised.

He finally crossed his arms. "So you're tellin' me that I'm supposed to trust someone that I don't even know with my baby?"

"Oh my god. You did not just say that." I rolled my eyes. "Men are all the same. It's like you were all made from the same broken mold." I laughed. "It's a truck. It doesn't live and breathe. It's not a damn person."

"You're brutal, woman. Just give me my keys and this broken man will be out of your face forever."

I turned to reach in my car and grab my purse. He stayed where he was standing, and it was good he did. My key ring was equipped with a bottle of mace and I wasn't afraid to finally be able to use it.

I started walking toward the front of the building. The sound of his boots behind me let me know he was following.

When I got to his truck I used the pad and opened the door. Without looking back at his expression, I climbed in. "What the f**k? Are you tryin' to steal my vehicle right in front of me?"

"I'm tired and we're not getting anywhere arguing. I want to get home. Get in. When I get to my house, I'll give you directions."

He walked around the other side of the truck and climbed in. "This is criminal. You can't do what you're doin'."

"That's funny, because I AM doing it." I started to back out of the parking spot. "Buckle your seatbelt. I haven't driven something this big before."

The truck filled with his laughter. "I get that all the time."

I scrunched up my face. "Eww, please don't talk bullshit to me while I'm trying to focus on the road."

"Bullshit?"

"Yeah," I replied. "Every man thinks he's got the biggest thickest cock. I'm so tired of hearing it. The truth is that none of you have anything to brag about. In my experience it's the ones that talk that are the smallest."

He continued laughing. "Darlin', you just keep thinkin' that."

I kept focused on the road instead of telling him that the size of his junk meant nothing to me. The sooner I pulled up in my boyfriend's driveway the sooner we could part ways.

I would have liked to be able to bid him goodbye and finally feel the comfort of being home. It would have been great to hug my boyfriend and cuddle up next to him in bed after such a horrible day.

In just a few seconds all of that changed. In fact, everything changed.

If I hadn't wanted just one more look at the gorgeous man next to me I never would have seen it. That one peek ruined everything.

We were driving past this parking lot where a grocery store sat towards the back. Now, normally one wouldn't notice two cars pulled next to each other, not unless one of those cars had about five grand in aftermarket parts and was painted a neon green. Nobody else in town owned a vehicle like Rex's. I veered off the road and into the parking lot, causing the strangers weight to shift and fall against me. He sat up quickly. "What the hell are you doin'? Are you crazy?"

I couldn't answer him, because I recognized the car sitting next to my boyfriend's. It was my best friend Kim's car.

I pulled up around the back of the building and hopped out without explaining. At that point I didn't care if he pulled away and left me there. The last thing I wanted to have to talk about was finding the two people closest to me together. Sneaking up on them was definitely a mistake I wish I could have taken back.

I knew it before I even got close enough. Not only were my fears becoming a reality, but the car shaking let me know that things between them had gone even further than just talking behind my back.

I pulled the door open and watched two wide-eyed people in the back seat peering at me. "Shalan? Oh my god. Please just listen to -."

I couldn't look at Kim, and I definitely didn't want to see Rex. They were naked and it took them a second to climb out of the back decent. Rex came to my side first, while Kim continued to cry, as if I could feel bad for what she'd done.

"You're a skanky bitch!" I yelled. "I'm going to kill you."

"Baby, calm down. It meant nothing. She means nothing to me." His excuse was worthless, just like he was.

"You didn't say that five minutes ago, Rex." Kim didn't seem happy with his choice of words. "Shalan, he came on to me."

He started walking toward me. "Get the f**k out of my face, Rex. I'm done with you and your lies. While the two of you were f**king each other, I was dealing with the anniversary of my momma's death. You two common bastards didn't even remember. How could you do this to me? How could you do it on this day?" I looked toward Rex. "Do you have no compassion at all?"

He came toward me and I backed up. "Don't you dare. So help me God, I will hurt you. You stay away from me, you hear? Both of you, stay away from me."

Kim rushed over towards her car and then climbed in it, apparently afraid I was coming after her. I laughed and turned my attention to Rex again. "We're done. For real this time."

"Baby -"

I shoved him away from me and he came back for more.

I have no idea what made me do it except for feeling completely insane, but I jumped into his car, locked the door and started the engine. While he banged on the window, I hit the gas and drove away.

He followed behind me, screaming and flailing his hands around. As pissed and hurt as I felt, it was an amazing feeling to have him by the balls. When I knew he wasn't following me anymore, I slowed down. Then I did something even more stupid than stealing the car.

I pulled over and drove it face first into a pond.

My head hit the steering wheel and as the pain became noticeable, I saw headlights heading down the road behind me. Knowing he'd probably jumped into Kim's car, I climbed out, trudging through the muddy water to get to the patch of woods on the other side where I could hide.

When the vehicle honked I turned to see that it wasn't Kim's, but the stranger from the bar. He was obviously in the driver's seat, waving to me. "You look like you could use a ride."

I ran for that truck like my life depended on it, and once inside I kept quiet as he continued to drive.

A few minutes later he pulled over. "You alright?"

I wasn't crying. That was the first thing I noticed.

I nodded. "Yeah, I'm fine. Just take this next left up here."

I gave him directions to a place where I knew Rex couldn't find me. It was a place that my uncle owned. On the property was a little thirteen foot camper that he went to when he was hunting geese. On the far side of the property was a huge part of the river where he had a goose blind set up.

I think the stranger must have thought I was crazy when we pulled down the deserted road and arrived in front of the dark and dingy trailer. "This where you live?"

I opened the door. "Of course not! It's just a safe place that nobody knows about. Listen, I'm sorry for getting you involved in that. Just go back out the way you came and make a right. The main highway headed north is about ten miles down that road. Good luck with everything." I closed the door and walked up to the trailer to go inside.

Once inside, I noticed how gross the place was. I'd only been there once to jumpstart my uncle's car when the battery went dead. When you walked in there was a small bathroom to the left. A kitchen straight ahead and a queen size bed at the other end. The kitchen table turned into a bed, but it had never been used for one.

I sighed and sat down at the kitchen table, finally letting what had just happened sink in.

A knock at the metal door startled me, and the stranger opening it made me even more concerned. "Sorry, you forgot your purse."

I jumped up and met him at the door. "Thanks."

He just stood there staring at me. "I'm just goin' to sleep out in my truck, if it's alright with you. I'd rather wait until daylight to get on the road, and since I didn't see any hotels anywhere around here, I reckon this is my only option. Plus, this pretty lady told me that I had too much to drink, so it's best I sit tight for a bit."

He started to walk out. "Wait!" I ran and got him a blanket. "It's cold. Take this."

"Do you need it?"

I shook my head. "There's plenty."

"Thanks. Well," he paused. "Goodnight then."

"Yeah, goodnight."

I closed the trailer door and walked over to the bed. After plopping down on it I let the tears fall. I'd been saving my money slowly in a jar that was at Rex's house. He knew where I kept it, and I was aware that after the incident tonight, I wasn't getting it back. Not only was I losing my place to live, but every ounce of money that I had to my name. That money was my only way out of this god forsaken town, and now it's gone.

I cried so hard that I could feel the trailer shaking. I didn't care if there was a guy outside who could hear. Nothing mattered. I just wanted to disappear.

A few hours later, after my sobbing became the second priority to getting warm, I sat up and started looking for an extra blanket. Realizing that I'd given it to the strange man that was out in his truck, I considered what I could do to get warm without it.

The trailer ran on propane, but I didn't know how to turn it on. I knew the power didn't work from all of the matches and candles laying around.

A knock at the door scared me for the second time. I opened it to find the stranger standing there. "I saw you movin' around. It's none of my business, but I can't help but wonder if you need help with somethin'."

"I don't know how to work the propane. I'm freezing."

He walked over to the truck and grabbed the blanket, bringing it inside and handing it to me. "Here, take this while I check out the propane tank."

As cold as I was, I couldn't hide my excitement as I followed behind him.

Ten minutes later he'd got the heat on and hooked the battery up to the one in his truck. The small camper immediately started to heat up.

He stepped inside again. "I just want you to know I'll be turnin' the truck off in a bit. The battery might be charged enough to run for the rest of the night. I can't be real sure."

"Thank you. Seriously, I'm sorry for calling you a creep. Obviously, you saved my ass and now you're stuck here with me."

He shook his head. "Yeah, I might still be a creep. Never let your guard down."

He started to leave, and I called out for him to stop. "Wait. The table turns into a bed. We can both stay in here and be warm tonight. It's the least I can do for ruining your night." The truth was that I didn't want to be alone. "If you decide to cut me up into a million pieces I swear to god I will come back and haunt your ass until you die.

He stood there looking at me, scratching his head. "Yeah, I don't know if that's a good idea. My parents taught me to never spend the night with strangers."

As much pain as I was in, I felt like smiling. It always gave me comfort. This guy wasn't out to hurt me. He'd done nothing but help me. If he wanted to rape or murder me, he wouldn't have gone out of his way to save me, and provide me with heat. "The amenities suck, but at least you can stretch your legs out."

The man went out and turned off his truck. When he came back in I had to admit that I felt a little uncomfortable. He could hurt me and nobody would find me. He must have seen the look of fear on my face. "You sure this is alright? I'm fine in the truck. It ain't like I haven't slept off a buzz before."

"Yes. I'm sure. It's fine."

We got the second bed set up and were both laying down in a matter of minutes. I kept my eyes open, staring at the ceiling. He thanked me a couple more times and then started to quietly snore.

That is when I finally let myself cry. I didn't want the stranger to see me weak. He had to think I was in control of my emotions and I wasn't a helpless, vulnerable woman, all alone with him in a camper.

No matter how much it hurt me to find Rex and Kim together, I had to be brave until this guy was out of my life, and I could figure out my next move.

I looked over at the sleeping man. He wore a pair of jeans and a nice button up shirt. His cologne smelled expensive, and I knew the boots he had on had to cost a pretty penny. After riding in his truck I could tell he liked nice things and took care of them. It allowed me to feel comfortable enough to close my eyes.

It was reassuring knowing he was there with me. I felt sleep finally coming. There I was, alone in a tiny camper with this stranger, and yet I couldn't remember a time where I felt so protected. It was either a gift from my mother, or a reminder of how pathetic my life was. Whichever it was would have to wait until the morning for me to figure out.

Noah

This bitch was crazy with a capital C. I couldn't wait for daylight to come so I could get the hell away from her. I think she thought I hadn't noticed that she'd stolen a car and drove it into a body of water. I suppose it was my stupid fault for offering to give her a ride. Before I knew what I was doing, I was lying down in a tiny-ass camper right across from her.

Sleep came easy for me, as it always did when I drank whiskey. It never failed either. The moment that liquor hit my tongue it got to me. I could drink beer after beer and never feel a buzz.

The sound of birds let me know that the sun was getting ready to rise. Since I was used to getting up before daylight, I sat up and looked around. The shitty conditions made me cringe and realize how afraid this girl must have been last night. I turned and looked at her, seeing her for the first time without a hat. Her eyes were still closed, but the smooth skin of her face was more desirable than I could have imagined. Her lips weren't small, but they weren't too big either. Brown wavy hair covered her pillow. Her eyelashes were long and dark, and the sound of a car coming down the lane cause her to open her blue eyes. She rushed to the window, peeking out to see who was coming. "Shit!"

I sat up and looked out too. "Who is it?"

"My uncle. Just sit there and be quiet. I'll get rid of him."

She walked over and opened the door. The first thing I noticed was that sometime in the middle of the night she'd removed her jeans. Her legs were short, but sexy, especially the shape of her thighs. I couldn't see much from the extra large t-shirt hanging down, but I knew they led to her ass, which I could only imagine was just as pleasing to look at.

"Uncle Paul. What brings you out here?" She held the door opened enough to where he couldn't see me inside.

"Cut the shit, Shalan. What the hell happened last night? The police came to the house lookin for you around two. I've been trying to call since then."

She began to stutter, possibly from the fear of what the police wanted. As fast as I could move I stood up and removed my pants and my shirt. Standing in just my boxers, I walked over to the door where she stood and opened it all the way. "That's probably my fault. We left our phones in the truck last night."

I don't know what shocked her more, the fact that I was covering for her, or me standing behind her almost naked. I avoided eye contact with her in case the older man came at me for sleeping with his niece, or at least thinking I did.

It wasn't like the man was any match for me. I could take him down easily if I needed to.

He looked at his niece, and then back to me. "This is my friend Mitch. Sorry I didn't tell you about him. We dated in high school and he stopped back in town to see me last night."

He still didn't seem convinced, so I reached my arms around her waist and kissed the inside of her neck. Part of me wanted to laugh, because I knew she was going to kick my ass once the man left. In my defense I was only trying to help.

"What time did you close the bar?" he asked.

"Midnight. I closed up a little after midnight. My car wouldn't start, so Mitch gave me a ride back here, why are you asking?"

He looked up at me, disgusted and concerned. "Is that the truth? She was with you all night?"

This was where I should have walked away. I knew I was involving myself in a crime. My father would have killed me for doing it, and maybe that's why I did, but I decided that I didn't care. I had nothing to lose. "Yes, sir. We were together since nine or ten in the evenin'."

"Where are you from, kid?"

It was funny that he called me kid. According to everyone else, I looked much older than I was. "Kentucky."

"And you say you know my niece?"

I scratched my head and laughed. After this was all over I WAS going to know her better. She owed it to me. "Yes, I most certainly do."

He turned and looked outside. "The police came by saying that you stole Rex's car and drove it into the Perkins Pond. When I saw your car at the bar, I swore it was true."

She looked at me and shot a fake smile. "Well, as you can see, he's lying. He's probably just mad that we broke up. Obviously, I found someone much better to spend my time with."

"Get yourself dressed and come home, Shalan. I don't want to find you out here again. This ain't a place for you to come to sleep with men. You hear me?"

"Yes, sir. I hear you."

He didn't say goodbye to me, not that I expected him to. As soon as his tires started moving she turned around and shoved me. "Don't ever touch me again!"

I put my hands up. "He believed me, didn't he?"

"Just put your pants back on. I'm going to need a ride back to my car."

She leaned forward to grab her pants off the bed and I got a straight view of her perfect ass. It was almost enough to make my dick hard just looking at it. "I get why you hide behind all those clothes."

She turned and discovered that I'd been checking her out. "You weren't so creepy last night. I think I like you better drunk."

"Hey, at least you admit you like me. We did just spend the whole night in bed together." I pulled my jeans up and started to fasten them. A pillow hit me in the head and I couldn't help but laugh. "A simple thanks will be good."

"Thanks for helping me last night, Mitch."

"Why do you keep callin' me that?"

"It's your name, right? It's on your arm." She pointed to my Mitchell tattoo. For some reason, I'd been stupid and followed the lead of my father and uncle and had our last name tattooed on my arm.

A smiled formed at the corner of my mouth. "Sort of."

"What's that mean?" She was getting annoyed and I enjoyed watching the way her expressions kept changing. Plus I kept thinking about when I'd just been close to her and got a whiff of her hair products. "It's either your name or it's not."

"Well, Miss Shalan, it's easy. Mitchell is my last name, not my first. Some would call it my sir name."

She bit down on her lips when I talked and I saw her glancing at my chest. The more she tried to act savvy and in control, the more I could tell that she was liking what she saw. "Yeah, you heard my uncle. Whatever. So what's your first name?" She asked after finally looking back up at my face.

"Noah."

"From the bible? What's a man with that strong name doing in this town?"

"Apparently I was sent to save you from a flood of bad decisions."

She shoved past me, muttering something I couldn't make out. I grabbed my shirt off the bed and walked outside. The sunlight was bright, but it was still chilly. I watched as she tucked her hair through the hole in her hat and situated it. "I don't have time for your sarcasm. If you don't want to answer then don't."

"Does it even matter why I was there? I'm obviously not a murderer. I'm just someone passin' through." I climbed in the truck and started it up. "I'll be out of here as soon as you tell me where I'm takin' you."

"I already told you to take me back to my car. Get your mind out of the gutter, Noah Mitchell."

I looked right at her and smiled. "Darlin', my mind ain't in the gutter."

"Sorry. I'm used to my ass**le boyfriend, or I guess ex boyfriend now."

"If that was your boyfriend then I'd suggest you get your eyes checked. I only saw him from afar, but he wasn't nothin' to write home about. And that car... don't even get me started on that piece of shit."

"Not everyone can afford something like this," she snapped.

"I saved up for this truck. There's a lot of blood, sweat and tears that went into payin' for it. Maybe you shouldn't judge people so quickly."

"Whatever!" She kept her eyes focused out of the window. "You'll be free of me in a few short minutes."

Her phone started ringing and it must have startled her. She jumped before putting it up to her ear. "Hello? You can't do that. Please. You did this, not me. Rex, don't!" She put the phone back in her purse. "Do me a favor. Keep driving."

Her sobs were loud, but since I was a stranger there was little I could do to comfort her. After driving for nearly thirty minutes I pulled over the truck at a gas station. After hopping out and filling the tank I got back into the vehicle. She'd calmed down a little. "I need to know where I'm takin' you."

"I'm sorry. I know you probably have somewhere else to be. It's just that he said he's taking my phone messages to the police and that they prove you're a stranger. I left them last night before we took your truck. It's enough to incriminate me in the theft. I don't want to go to jail. What was I thinking?" She covered her face and sobbed harder.

"What do you want to do, Shalan? You got any friends you could call?"

"My friend was the girl who was naked in the back of Rex's car last night." My thoughts went right to Perry and how she was forever damaged after finding out that I'd slept with her sister. Though it was the other side of the equation, I understood what this girl was going through. "I think you should let me come with you. I need time to let Rex cool down. If I'm out of the picture he'll move on and forget about what I did to his car. Besides, he's got access to my money and all of my belongings. By now he's taken everything and made sure I'll never see it again."

She started crying again, and I honestly felt bad for her. I didn't know this girl's whole story, but from what I'd already gathered, she'd had a terrible time, and nowhere to turn.

It was probably a huge mistake, and I'd get nothing out of it except aiding a potential criminal, "If I let you come with me then you're goin' to have to cut that shit out. I can't stand to see a woman cry."

She wiped the tears away and tried to smile. "So I can go? I promise I won't get on your nerves. You won't even know I'm here."

"What if I decide that I don't want to go back to Kentucky? Will you be able to find a way home?"

She shrugged. "I'll figure something out."

"Whatever. Just know, you ain't gettin' into my pants on this trip. I'm tryin' to get focused and pu**y will just mess me up."

"Did you really just say that?" She looked appalled.

"Yeah. I know how women look at me. Stop actin' like you're so shocked. It's human nature. It's like how you were given a beautiful voice. I was given this face. Don't act like you haven't noticed." I was cocky. Some may say that I was being an ass**le. This trip was important to me, and I wasn't about to ruin it on some chick I picked up at a bar. It wasn't going to happen.

"You are sadly mistaken if you think I'd ever sleep with you, Noah. I'm in no shape to get involved with any man, especially one that I barely know. You keep that thing in your pants and I'll keep mine on."

I clenched my jaw, wondering if she meant those words. It wasn't that I wanted her, it was the fact of knowing that I could have her. That last statement came across as if it could never happen, making me interested immediately. "Then I guess we can agree on somethin'."

She looked at me as if I'd been the one to insult her. "I guess we can."

Women were so unpredictable. I'd come to believe that I'd probably never understand them completely.

So there we were, two strangers on a road trip with no idea where we were headed. I was battling my own demons, facing the idea of living my life without the support of my family; something I wasn't sure I could live without, since I'd never had to go about it before. I was scared, in a not knowing what was next sort of way. The idea of having some company was almost reassuring. Sure, she'd probably end up being a pain in my ass, but at least I'd have someone to sit with when I stopped for a meal. If it didn't work out I'd drop her off at a bus station and send her on her way.

It would all work out, because I was determined to prove my dad wrong, no matter how hard things got.

Shalan fell asleep shortly after our talk. I knew she was tired, probably petrified to be in the same room as me the whole night. The fact that she'd asked to come with me told me that she was over the distrust. While she rested I thought about my life, and future.

First I needed to find a place that I could call home. Then I had to figure out what I wanted to do. At some point I'd get rid of the woman in my truck and be able to get serious. For the time being we were just two people running away from our lives.

It was then that I realized it was time to let loose a little bit. I was out on my own, with nobody telling me what to do. If I wanted to get wild and party I could.

It was time to live the way I'd never been able to before; to do everything that I knew my dad wouldn't approve of, just because I could.

Even thinking about it made me smile.

Shalan

His muscular arms held me tightly, making me feel safer than I had in a long time. The smell of his cologne filled my nostrils, making my desire for him heighten. He'd removed his backwards hat and was lingering over my naked body, ready to fill me completely. I ran my hands over his tattoos that I was able to see, while his lips made contact with my collarbone, slowly traveling my body until he reached my most sensitive private of areas. His eyes looked up into mine as his mouth brushed over my sex. I could feel myself trembling beneath him. I wanted his tongue to drive inside of me, and give me pleasures that I'd never felt before. I wanted to get lost in this strange man that made me hot between the legs.

Then I opened my eyes.

I woke up and it was dark outside. Country music played from the radio and Noah was humming instead of singing the words. He was too focused on the road to notice that I'd opened my eyes. Though feeling blushed, I decided to do whatever I could to not think about the dream I'd clearly just had.

Who could have blamed me for it, after taking one look at him? I couldn't remember ever being so turned on by a stranger in my life, and it was all because of the way he looked. Though young, probably my age, he was so well-defined. Even his large hands were muscular.

I swallowed the sexual thoughts and remained quiet for a bit, determined to not let him see my predicament.

We'd stopped for lunch when we made it to Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. One would think it would be weird traveling with someone I didn't know, but Noah was easy to be around. He didn't ask a ton of questions, and he didn't seem to mind all mine. I still hadn't asked him anything really personal. We talked about music and things we both liked to do, but that was about it.

After we drove around the town for a while, stopped by the Salvation Army, and a Walmart so I could buy some cheap clothes to wear, we got back on the road. Noah was determined to get as far North as he could before the day was over. Since this was his trip, and I was only tagging along, I couldn't complain about his schedule, as long as I was as far away from my old life as possible.

Though still worried about the repercussions of my actions from the night before, I felt safe for some reason. It was weird because I'd never been in a situation with a stranger, yet at the moment he was as close to a friend as I had.

I sat up and stretched the best I could in the truck. "How long was I asleep?"

"I don't know. A few hours maybe."

"Really?" I'd never been able to sleep in a car, which only let me know how tired I must have been. "So where are we?"

"Almost to New York City. I figured we could grab a bite to eat and find a place to stay tonight. Is that cool with you?"

I'd explained to Noah that the only money I had was his tip from the night before. For some reason, and it better not have been because he thought it would get him access to my panties, he'd offered to pay for my room and food, until I could figure something out, or it was time for me to go home. I felt bad, especially since I knew he was probably limited with how much money he'd brought with him. He wasn't exactly frugal the night before with his money, so I didn't want him running out because of me. When I suggested that, he just laughed and told me not to worry about him. "Sounds good. Just remember that places in the city are more expensive. We might want to find something on the outskirts to save a couple dollars."

"And get bedbugs." He laughed. "Shalan, I'm not risking the chance of bugs crawlin' on me while I sleep."

Just thinking about it gave me the heebie-jeebies. "Okay. Since you put it that way."

A little later Noah parked in front of a hotel that only offered Valet. A man came and took the keys from him, while we grabbed our things and headed into the lobby.

My parents never had money for us to go on trips or take vacations. The marble floors were extravagant and I felt out of place immediately, especially with a ball cap on my head.

Noah walked right up to the front desk and got our rooms, so I thought. He came back over and handed me a card. "This is for you."

"What room number am I in?" I needed a shower so bad. When we'd stopped earlier I'd brushed my teeth with only my fingers. I'd bought a travel toothbrush at one of the gas stations that we'd stopped at, but knew Noah had probably been smelling my stank breath all day.

"You're in three fourteen." He started walking towards the elevator with me.

"Cool. What room are you in?"

He smiled, giving me this look that almost seemed ornery. "Three fourteen."

It took a second for me to interpret that it was the same room number he'd given me. "But -."

"It has two beds, Shalan. I'm not tryin' to take advantage of you, if that's what you think."

I put my head down, feeling a little overwhelmed for getting myself into this situation. "It's fine." I had to keep reminding myself that he was doing me a huge favor. I couldn't be picky about the accommodations. "What if you meet someone and need to be alone?"

"I'll make you hide in the bathroom until I'm done."

I turned my face so he couldn't see my shocked reaction. There was no way I was going to stand in a bathroom listening to him get it on with a stranger. He was sick.

He burst into a chuckle. "Seriously, woman, you're so easy to mess with."

"What's that supposed to mean?" I took offense to his comment. He didn't know me.

"Don't believe everythin' you hear. I ain't always serious." He laughed more. "I ain't plannin' on bringin' anyone back to our room, unless you're into three-ways."

I shoved him, realizing he was definitely joking. "No! I'm definitely not the type of person that shares."

"Yeah, most girls feel that way." He looked up at the moving numbers on the elevator. "It's a damn shame."

I shook my head and prayed that the doors would open so I could get some distance between us. When they did open I hauled ass down the long hallway until I reached the number on the door that I'd been searching for. Noah was right behind me, but he'd stopped joking about threesomes.

Thank God!

Our room was immaculate.

I walked right in and plopped down on the soft bed. Noah took the bed nearest to the window and kicked off his boots before sitting down and grabbing a folding brochure.

"Do you want to order in, or go downstairs to the restaurant. It's the same food either way."

"How do you know that? Does it say that on that paper?"

He handed it to me. "Probably somewhere, but I've been here plenty of times with my grandmother."

"You've been in this same hotel before?" I needed a second confirmation on that.

"Yes. My family always stays at this chain anyway, no matter where we travel to. We earn points for stayin' with them."

"And you're farmers?"

He sat up and leaned forward so he was facing me. "Yeah, why?"

"I don't know," I shrugged. "I guess I thought farmers were poor."

Noah laughed and put his hands behind his head. "We do alright." He was quiet for a second before he asked, "So, room service or restaurant?"

"Can I shower first?"

He motioned towards the bathroom and rested his head back on the pillow. "Go for it. Wake me up when you're done and we can go."

The bathroom was even more gorgeous than the lobby. Marble was from floor to ceiling and the tub had actual jets in it. The shower had one of those waterfall heads and the pressure was intense compared to what I was used to. On the sink was little samples of different shampoos and lotions. I was beside myself with excitement over the whole ordeal. It was also difficult to decide whether I wanted a bath or a shower.

I chose a shower since I knew that Noah was waiting for me. The hot water felt so good against my tender skin. I was sore from sleeping in the camper and then the truck. While washing my body, I thought about the man that was sitting right in the next room. I imagined what it would be like for him to slip into the shower with me. It was so wrong, but I couldn't stop doing it. By the time I turned the water off, I'd gotten myself so flustered that I almost needed to take a cold shower.

It wasn't until I hopped out that I realized I didn't have a brush, or my bag that had my underwear and toothbrush in it. I wrapped in one of the large white towels and opened the door to retrieve them. Noah sat up and smiled when he saw me standing there and I just froze.

It wasn't that I felt vulnerable or violated. His eyes were fixed on my body, and the skin that was exposed. I bit my lip and thought about what it would be like to drop the towel. I wondered what would happen, running different scenarios through my mind while standing there. "You need somethin'?" His question made me snap out of my trance.

"Um, no, I can get it myself." I grabbed the bag and hurried into the bathroom, completely embarrassed.

I hadn't tried on any of the clothes I bought, so trying everything on was making me nervous. It wasn't like me to wear a skirt, or a dress, but I'd picked up one of each. I'd also managed to grab a couple pair of jeans that were from a fancy store I never could have afforded on my salary. The jeans were worn in certain spots, with custom rips down the front of each thigh. On the back pockets were just enough bling to make them snap and take away from my hips, that I felt were too wide.

The shirt was a little tight and way too low. I considered putting on a plain t-shirt and calling it a night. Then I thought about Noah, and how he looked without a shirt on. I wasn't expecting anything from him, but having someone that looked like him staring me down made me feel good about myself. I refused to allow myself another moment to consider changing.

The blow dryer on the wall took forever to dry my hair, but it worked and that I could be thankful for. After applying makeup to my eyes and a light layer of gloss to my lips, I stood back and looked at myself.

It was weird that I barely recognized the reflection in the mirror. It had been forever since I'd gotten dressed up and worn makeup. I wasn't even sure why I kept it in my purse for so long.

Since I knew I'd taken forever, I put my hand on the doorknob and slowly opened it. Noah was sleeping with the remote to the television in his hand. I walked over and leaned down to take it from him, to give him time to rest before we went out. My touch was enough to startle him awake. He grabbed my hand that had a hold of the remote and looked around the room, before stopping on me. I watched his eyes traveling from my legs then up to my br**sts. It should have made me angry that he was being so blatantly obvious about it, but it didn't. He let go of my hand and it fell to my side. I couldn't move. I just stood there letting him take me in. My breathing increased as his focus finally made it to my face. When he started to sit up I moved backwards. He was a good ten inches taller than me, so once he was standing I had to look up to see his face. "You ready to eat?" He walked past me as if the past four minutes hadn't happened.

As much as I should have felt ashamed for wanting a rise out of him, I felt saddened that I hadn't gotten the reaction I wanted. "Yeah. I'm ready."

Noah took ten minutes to shower and change, before we headed downstairs to eat. I sat on the bed waiting for him to walk out in only a towel, but he'd been smart and taken his clothes into the bathroom with him.

The elevator ride was just as awkward as the ride to our room earlier. I could feel his eyes on me, but refused to turn around and call him out on it.

For the life of me I couldn't figure out why I was so worried about him being interested in me. I'd just caught my boyfriend cheating on me with my best friend, and ran off with a complete stranger to escape life. I had no right to flirt or even hang out with the guy. Everything about the last twenty-four hours of my life were insane and reckless.

The restaurant was crowded and we were finally seated after having to wait several minutes. Our table was located against a wall. I took the back booth seat, while Noah sat in the chair across from me. While looking at the menu I noticed our waitress had come over and take in Noah. It gave me butterflies to watch him smile and speak respectfully to our server.

I didn't know her, but I hated her. Wasn't that ridiculous?

After we ordered, and got a round of beers, Noah took a swig and looked right at me. "You haven't said much. What's up with you? Havin' second thoughts about taggin' along?"

I raised my brow. Was he trying to get rid of me so he could slip our waitress his room key? "Are you?"

He seemed amused by my question. "Why would you ask me that? I haven't complained." I caught him looking at my cle**age for a split second before looking into my eyes again.

"I saw the way that waitress checked you out. I guess I'm wondering if you regret telling me that you weren't interested in bringing someone back to the room."

"Are all women jealous?"

"Are all men pigs?"

He took another sip of his beer and waved down the waitress. I sank down in my seat when I thought about how bad he could embarrass me. "Can I help you, hun?"

He put his hand on her back as he spoke. "I'm goin' to need some shots. Bring us two rounds of whiskey."

She backed up and smiled. "Coming right up!"

He purposely watched her walk away before turning his attention back to me. "Is that what you meant about bein' a pig?"

"Pretty much." I crossed my arms over my chest and looked in another direction.

He laughed and finished off his beer. "This could go a lot more easier if you'd relax."

"What could?"

"This ploy to get my attention. You think I haven't noticed, but darlin', I've been around long enough to know how this turns out."

I couldn't take my eyes off of him. Then, out of complete panic, I laughed at him. "Are you kidding me? You think I'm trying to what...sleep with you? Is that what you think?"

"Isn't it?"

Our shots were being sat down on the table. The waitress cut into our conversation. "Do you need anything else?" I hated how she directed her question to Noah and not me, as if I wasn't even sitting at the table with him.

Noah said something in her ear. She smiled and walked away gracefully.

I stood up and got ready to leave. He stood up with me. "Where are you goin'?"

"Back to the room. I lost my appetite."

He grabbed the back of my shirt as I tried to walk past him. "Hold up! Don't get all mad." I finally sighed and looked at him, annoyed and ready to punch my way free if I needed to. He leaned forward while peering directly into my eyes. As pissed as I was, I was taken back by the way he could make me pant for more. This guy was experienced. He knew what buttons to push and I hated him for it. He was dangerous and I knew I needed to get away from him.

He picked up a shot glass and lifted it to my mouth, running the smooth glass over my lips. "You look thirsty."

I lifted my hand and took the glass away from him. "I am." I downed the first shot and then the second, never taking my eyes off of him. "I didn't come here to play games with you, Noah. I don't sleep with strangers just because they look good. Is that going to be a problem?"

He sat back down and motioned for me to do the same. "Not at all. You can't blame me for testin' out the waters, not when the person looks like you."

"What's that supposed to mean?"

"You really want to know what I said to her?"

Of course I did. I wanted to know why he thought he could pick on me and tease me by flirting with other women. What was his purpose of pissing me off so that I wanted to knee him in the balls?

Before he could answer a loud announcement came over the speaker sitting near our table. "Welcome to Karaoke night at the Grasshopper. I see a lot of familiar faces out there tonight, but some new people as well. In fact, I've already gotten a volunteer to start things off for us tonight."

Noah started to smile as he finished off his final shot. He winked at me at the same time I heard the announcer's next words.

"Can Shalan come up to the stage?"

I kicked him from underneath the table. "What did you do?"

"I told the waitress that you'd just been signed in Nashville and was here visitin'."

I wanted to puke. "Why would you do that?"

"Woman, we're in a town where nobody knows us. We can do whatever we want. We can be crazy and nobody will ever hear about it. Get your ass up there and sing somethin'." I appreciated that he thought I could sing, but I hadn't done it publicly in a very long time.

"I can't."

He leaned over the table. "I promise not to mess with your head anymore if you get up there and sing one song. I'll be a perfect gentlemen."

My eyes widened when I realized that this had been his plan all along. "You're an ass**le."

"Fuck this!" He stood up and walked away, leaving me at the table all alone.

A few seconds later, after I'd assumed he'd gone back to the room, I heard something that shocked me.

"This song goes out to my friend. She knows who she is."

He sang an old Johnny Cash song and I was utterly surprised by his voice. What shocked me even more was when he walked off the stage and came over to serenade me. He grabbed my hand and winked at me as he very gracefully belted out the lyrics. When the song ended there were a bunch of whistles. Noah returned to our table with a face full of smile. "That's how it's done, darlin'. Go on if you think you can top that."

He didn't know me, yet he knew how to push me in ways that would make me do something I wouldn't normally do. I stood up and pulled my shirt down so it covered my navel. "I can definitely do better than that."

It took me a second to find the song I wanted, but once I had it I knew I'd blow them all away. My mother used to sing it at the top of her lungs. It was one of her favorites.

"Busted flat in Baton Rouge, waitin' for the train..."

The crowd started screaming when they heard me begin. Janis Joplin was the ultimate karaoke song if you could pull it off, and I certainly could.

I sang with enthusiasm, and after the first verse the crowd disappeared to me. All but one person that is.

His eyes were fixed on mine as I continued to show him up. The smile never left his lips either. If I wanted his attention, I'd finally figured out how to get it undivided. I swayed my body with the rhythm of the music, and exasperated myself when it got toward the end. I wanted the song to end with raw emotion, and I nailed it.

The whole restaurant stood up and applauded. I could feel my body shaking, but only felt absolute satisfaction.

Then I did something without thinking about the message it was sending. "I'd like to sing another song, if that's okay?"

The crowd got loud.

"Take another little piece of my heart now baby..."

By the time the song ended I felt high. I found my seat and noticed that our food had been brought out. Noah hadn't started eating. He was too busy staring at me, shocked and in awe.

I grabbed a fry and popped it in my mouth. "How'd I do?" I already knew the answer, but I wanted him to admit it.

"This taggin' along shit ain't goin' to work."

"What do you mean?" My buzz was fading.

"It's takin' all of my willpower not to take you upstairs right now and f**k the shit out of you, woman. I ain't even goin' to lie about it. That right there just made my dick hard."

I took a drink of a new beer, but never stopped looking at him. This was bazaar. It wasn't possible for me to be so attracted to this man. I'd never had a one-night stand before. I wasn't that kind of girl.

I couldn't be feeling this way about a stranger, yet it was happening and I couldn't stop it. The heat between my legs increased and although we were in a very public place, all I could do was imagine what it would be like to be naked with him.

I thought of a million things I could say to him. I even imagined turning him down and singing some more songs.

"Do they have to-go bags?"

Noah

We were traveling together, staying in the same room. Was it so wrong for two people that had chemistry to go for it? I mean, this girl was stacked in all the right places. It was only natural to be completely attracted to her, especially when I saw her come out of that bathroom in a towel. Then to top that her little outfit had me going crazy. The jeans fit her plump ass like a glove. It almost made my mouth water when I walked behind her. Her shirt was short, and I kept getting glimpses of the creamy skin on her waist.

I'd had a couple one-night stands, but couldn't remember either of them having this kind of impact on me. Those words she sang, they were for me. I had to get out of that restaurant, whether she came with me or not. My adrenaline was wired and it wasn't because I was mad. I was so damn turned on that I couldn't control myself. If there was a corner I could see myself taking her in it.

We waited for the waitress to come back and get the check. I watched her fidgeting with her fingers. "What's taking her so long?"

"Havin' second thoughts?"

"Are you?" She cocked her brow. "Honestly, I'm trying not think about it."

I could tell from the way she wouldn't look at me that she was full of shit. She was nervous. "How about we grab a couple more shots?" I waved and signaled to the waitress for another round. She obliged and brought the final bill at the same time.

We shoved everything into one box and down the shots at the same time.

I watched her watching me. The food wasn't going to get eaten as long as my hunger was for something completely different.

I'd be given the go-ahead and nothing could stop me.

So I thought.

Before we could make it out of the restaurant the waitress came running toward us, with a man who looked to be her boss. The man held out his hand. "I'm Jerrod Adkins, manager here. Listen, I don't normally do this, but my band for tomorrow night is in a bind, on account of the singer getting his tonsils out. I've made calls all day and nobody can do it on such short notice. We all heard how amazing the two of you were tonight. I don't know how long you're staying, or if you've ever sang together, but we could use someone to fill in, if you're interested."

I looked at Shalan, knowing she had stage fright before her performance earlier. "Can you give us a minute to talk about it?" I was trying to not ruin my chances of getting laid. If I said yes without discussing it, all of my efforts would have been for nothing.

"We don't need to talk about it. We'll be honored to do it?"

"The band we use leaves their stuff here. It's my brother-in-law's group. They usually perform here three nights a week," he explained. "He went to the doctor this morning for a sore throat and ended up having surgery. It's crazy. But anyway, I can see if one of the guys can provide you with a song list. They mostly do covers, and all are popular songs, both new and old."

"Sounds good to me," she announced.

I raised my brow, still wondering where her courage was coming from. "Yeah, sounds easy enough."

"Just leave me your information, so I can get you that playlist. You can pick and choose whatever songs you want. I'm sure they'll play just about anything."

We shook hands and he handed me his card. I gave him my number and let him know the room we were staying in, before we walked out of the restaurant.

Shalan made it to the elevator before she started jumping up and down, talking like a crazy person. To say she was excited was an understatement. "Oh my god. Do you have any idea how long I've dreamed of something like this happening to me? This is terrific, Noah. I can't believe it. Am I dreaming? Is this really happening?"

I smiled and looked down at the floor realizing that she'd forgotten all about our plans to end up in bed. "It's real. We're performin' tomorrow night in front of a shit ton of people. I think we might even get paid."

She put her hands in the air and screamed loudly, causing my ears to hurt. Then she walked up and hugged me before realizing she'd done it. I watched her back away from me but never take those blue eyes off of mine. "Do you know that this is all I've ever wanted to do? This is my dream, Noah."

I laughed. "Really? I hadn't noticed."

"Seriously, isn't this an opportunity of a lifetime?"

I couldn't tell her how I'd been against the music industry for a long time. My uncle Zeke, the leader of a very popular rock band had used me for a publicity scam and never talked to me again. I had hard feelings when it came to him and other singers in the business. It was wrong to judge them all, but it was all I'd ever known. The man had humiliated my family and caused me to lose the last link I had to ever knowing more about my birth mother.

I'd read somewhere that he owned a record label . I had a feeling if Shalan found out about it, she'd use me as her ticket to fame.

I didn't leave my family to get tangled up with my uncle. I was doing this for myself. If I could have some fun and make a little bit of money while trying to find my way I was going to do it.

Knowing how excited she was, I decided to not damper the mood with my concerns. If Shalan wanted to be a singer I couldn't talk her out of it. It wasn't my place, and with the talent she carried, she could make it really far. "Looks like we got ourselves a reason to celebrate."

She pressed her lips together and smiled. "Hold on, cowboy. I know what I said earlier, but this gig is WAY more important than a romp in the sheets. I need to prepare song choices and we should work on harmonization. We've got less than a day to get this perfect."

I wiped my face and tried to relax enough to be kind. It wasn't like I could convince my dick to calm down. It was ready for action, which clearly wasn't happening now.

"It's just sex. We're two adults seeking pleasure from each other. I'm attracted to you, and you're obviously attracted to me. We don't have to make this more than it is."

Her quirky reaction gave me hope, for maybe a second. "Yeah, that's not going to happen. You should probably take a cold shower before we start working."

"You're definitely goin' to want to put that old ball cap back on your head, and maybe even some dirty clothes. I can't look at you for another minute with what you've got on."

The look of disgust was apparent. Seemingly annoyed, she shook her head and walked into the room without replying. The cold shower wouldn't have helped my balls recover, so I decided to ignore the need and take care of other things. While Shalan stood in front of the bathroom mirror, I sat in a chair on the other side of the hotel room and turned on my cell phone. The vibration was constant as all of the messages loaded. It had been two days since I talked to anyone in my family, and I knew they were going to give me shit about it.

I started the text messages first.

I can't believe how you're acting! - Bella

Next time I see you, I'm f**king you up, you honky-tonk bitch! - Jake

Noah, you can't run away from your problems. You and your dad need to sit down and talk about this. You have responsibilities to this family. - Mom

I forgot to tell you to be safe and that I love you. We all do. - Mom

Shutting off your phone doesn't solve anything, Noah. Call me back or I'm going to hate you forever. - Bella

Baby, it's me. I kicked my sister out of the house. She told me she seduced you. I want to talk about this. Please call me, Noah. I'm still in love with you. - Perry

Dad and I are getting worried. Please at least check in with us. - Mom

You're freaking me out. Don't do something stupid. Call me back. - Bella

This is your aunt. You need to call home. Your mother is a mess, kid. Your uncle and I know the boys provoked you. Christian came to us after you left. Call your mother. - Miranda

So this is your plan? Are you cutting all of us off from your life? - Bella

It's Mom checking in. Please call me or Dad. Love you. - Mom

As pissed as I was at my family, my heart ached when I thought about my mother being upset. I knew I probably had thirty voicemails waiting, and certainly didn't want to hear my ex calling over a dozen times, but decided to just call and let a certain someone know I was alive.

It rang twice before she answered. "Hello?"

"Hey, Gram, it's me. I'm just callin' to let you know I'm fine."

"Noah, do you know what time it is?"

I hadn't even noticed that it was after midnight. "Sorry. I just checked my messages."

"Anyway, I know where you are." I could hear her shuffling around, like she'd been up walking when she answered the phone. Then I realized that she'd been in bed and the phone wasn't near her. "The hotel called and verified your stay with me."

Shocked. I thought that they wouldn't know where I'd been until the credit card bill came in, which I'd pay. "What? Since when do they do that?"

"Since people started stealing credit cards and banking information, smarty pants. Did you really think that running away was going to solve things with your dad?"

"No, but I needed some air, Grandma. He doesn't let up."

"Noah, if you two learned to communicate with each other life would be a lot easier. You wouldn't have to go to such extremes to make your point."

I looked toward the bathroom and saw Shalan spinning around, obviously planning some choreographed routine. She was going to every extreme for one little performance at a hotel lounge. "Listen, it is what it is. Can you just do me a favor and tell everyone I'm fine. Don't tell Dad where I'm at."

"I could cut off the card and force you to come home."

"Come on, Grandma. Don't do that. I just need a couple days to cool off. Besides, you can't cut me off from the company account, when it's all goin' to be mine anyway, right?" I knew if I added that tidbit she'd be cool with my little vacation. My grandmother may have wanted me to take over the business even more than my father wanted me to.

"Be safe in that city, Noah. I'll let your mother know you called. If you had any sense you'd call and tell her yourself."

I made a face knowing she'd never see it. "Yeah, I don't really feel like hearin' her upset."

"She's your mother. Of course this upset her."

"Well my call would only make it harder. Just tell her I'm fine. Please."

"Okay."

"Great. I'll see you in a few days then."

"Noah, hang on. Have you heard from your cousin? From Isabella? Her mother called last night asking if I'd seen her. I thought maybe she was with you."

"I haven't seen her, Gram, but I'll definitely give her a call."

"Love you, kiddo."

"Yeah," I smiled knowing damn well I wasn't a child. "Love you too."

When I hung up Shalan came walking up in front of me. "Are you ready to go over a couple songs? We need to make sure we know all the words. I've selected a couple older songs we could sing together. The people really liked your rendition of Johnny tonight, so maybe you could do that again."

I rubbed my face and avoided looking up at her. "I need to sleep before I can deal with all that. You should rest too."

"I can't I'm too excited. We should go out to celebrate. Want to hit a bar or something?"

"No! I just told you that I'm beat. I'm hitting the sack. You want to go out and party, I ain't goin' to stop you." Her hyper mood was annoying.

"I'm too wired to stay in." She started pacing around.

I plopped down on the bed and watched her lurking. "I know a way to tire you out."

A shoe. She tossed a shoe at me. "Stop it with that mess. It's not happening."

I put a pillow over my head. "Goodnight then."

I waited until she walked out of the room before calling my cousin. I didn't want her hearing the two of us get into it, if it came to that.

It rang five times before the voicemail picked up. "Hey, it's me. I just turned my phone back on. Call me."

With no success and a day's worth of driving and then everything else I was too tired to do anything else. Sleep came easy.

Shalan

I was in the big city, a place I'd only dreamed of visiting. It was bright and busy, just like I'd always pictured it to be. Cabs lined the road, which was strange in itself. We didn't have cabs in my town, and the sound of car horns after midnight was astounding to me.

It was a shame that Noah was being such a party-pooper. Obviously he didn't appreciate what being in New York City meant to me. Not to mention the fact that we'd nail ourselves a gig without even trying.

It amazed me how easily I'd agreed to do it, almost like my mother was pushing the decision because she knew I was too scared. At any rate I knew it was my only chance. I had one shot to make an impression and it had to be the best one I'd ever make.

I still couldn't believe it.

One day ago I'd been living with my cheating-piece-of-shit boyfriend, believing every word that came out of his mouth. One day ago I'd met Noah, the handsome man who'd come in for a meal and gotten so much more. I didn't mean to be such a burden on him. He hadn't told me much about himself, but I knew he was running from his family for some reason, and I wish he knew me enough to tell me why.

It was just like a man to want to sleep with me without expecting to get to know me first. I often wondered if I had some invisible sign that only men could see, offering them a free piece of ass.

Then again, Noah seemed different. All sexual innuendos aside, he'd saved my ass more than once, and also paid for my meals, and had given me a place to sleep. I had to be grateful, even if he was trying to get into my pants. It didn't hurt that he was so damn fine. I mean, the guy was all country, born and bred to wear dungarees and boots. I wouldn't have been surprised if he didn't own a cowboy hat.

Still, if that manager hadn't pulled us aside I don't know what would have happened. In that moment I wanted him. I wanted to know what it felt like to have his lips on mine, and his hand touching parts of me that I reserved only for very few people. The invite to sing had been a wake-up call for me. I needed to stay focused. Noah and I were still strangers. In a few days he'd move on, and I'd be left with my piss-poor excuse for a life. Singing anywhere in New York was an opportunity. It was probably going to be the only one I ever got, so I was determined to make sure it was perfect.

After walking for only five minutes I'd been approached for loose change twice. The further I got from the hotel, the more shady people seemed.

Most of the businesses were closed, since it was so late. The ones that were open were filled to capacity with drunk and obnoxious people.

Since I had less than ten bucks left from Noah's tip, I didn't have many options as to where to go. What sealed my decision to head back to the hotel was a guy running out of a building, followed by three cops with batons out. I looked around at all of the people around me and they seemed to not even be fazed. It scared the hell out of me, so much so that I turned right around and walked back to the hotel.

I found Noah sleeping soundly on the bed next to mine. He'd taken off his shirt, and even one glance made me feel hot and bothered. I couldn't stop looking at his sculpted chest and wondering what it would be like to crawl on top of him and start something.

From his advances earlier, and the way he'd picked on me, I knew he'd go for it. It was my conscience keeping it from happening. Even though I'd never have to tell anyone that I'd hooked up with a stranger, I'd still know it happened, and it wasn't something I thought I could live with.

Then I thought about that word - stranger. Was he a stranger, or a new friend that I happened to meet at one of the lowest points in my life? That question intrigued me. I was certain of one particular fact about it. If our circumstances were different I would have been doing anything to be with him. Pickings were slim in my town, and he was unlike any other man I'd ever laid eyes on.

When he opened his eyes it startled me. I turned away even though I knew he'd caught me. "You still up?" He stood and walked into the bathroom, not even closing the door when he started to urinate.

"I went out." I started removing my shoes and watched as he walked back to the bed.

"Guess you didn't get mugged. That's always a good thing."

Right in front of me, in between the two beds, he dropped his jeans. Standing there in only his boxers, he let me take him in before smiling and climbing back into bed.

"Yeah, it was pretty scary. I'm not used to it."

"Well, if you get scared again, you can always climb in here with me." He chuckled and rolled over, letting me know he was going back to sleep, even without giving me a second to reply.

I wasn't sure if I hated when he was cocky, or loved it. The sweet side of me wanted to feel violated when he made those comments. The other wanted to crawl under those covers and make him forget about every other woman he'd ever been with.

"Goodnight, Noah. Thanks again for this."

I tugged down my jeans, since his back was turned to me. We were both adults and he'd obviously seen a woman before. Being in my underwear was exactly like wearing a bathing suit. I had nothing to feel ashamed of.

Well, that's how I felt before he turned around and got an eyeful. "I wasn't kiddin' about sharin' a bed."

I climbed into the cold bed next to his. "You and I both know what will happen if I get into that bed with you."

He sat up, leaning on his elbow. "What's that exactly?"

"Oh, you're funny. Like you don't know already. Do you really think I'd just throw caution to the wind and sleep with you after one day?"

"You almost did a few hours ago."

He was right and I hated that he knew it. "I would have stopped you."

"Darlin', after one kiss you'd be beggin' me for more."

His huge ego annoyed me, but it also made me hot between my legs. I could close my eyes and picture him being between them, satisfying the growing craving I had for him. "Have I mentioned how much I hate cocky men?"

"Maybe you just hate cock. Are you into cleanin' carpets? Is that how you roll?" He must have thought his comment was funny, because he rolled on his back and cackled at himself. "You like the taste of pu**y?"

I pulled a pillow over my face and screamed into it. The bantering between us was making me crazy. I finally removed the pillow, put my hand on the lamp switch, and spoke. "Wouldn't you like to know?" I shut off the light and rolled over promising myself that I wouldn't listen to anything else he had to say.

The room stayed quiet and I finally fell fast asleep.

The next morning I woke up and noticed two things.

Noah was already in the shower.

It was still dark outside.

I went to pull the pillow over my head and go back to sleep when I caught a glimpse of his naked body in my peripheral vision. Though his package wasn't in view, the rest of his body was. His ass, so fine and muscular. I couldn't stop looking at him, running that small towel over his tall body. His hair was a mess on the top of his head, and even sexier than when it was dry.

Of course he knew I was looking. It was proven when he put that tiny towel over the front of his junk and came walking out in front of me. "Oh, good mornin'. I didn't know you were up."

I couldn't even speak. Aside from probably having to go into the bathroom and change my underwear, I was completely embarrassed for getting caught staring.

I kept my head turned until I could hear the zipper on his jeans being pulled up. "I'm goin' to grab some breakfast. You want to get up and join me?"

"Has it occurred to you that it's still dark out?"

"It will be light soon enough. Come on, we've got a big day ahead of us."

"What do you mean? I thought we were going to practice all day."

"Woman, I don't need practice. Besides, all eyes are goin' to be on you anyway."

I stood up, not realizing that I was in only my underwear. I turned to see him looking, without regret. He seemed very pleased for me to know he was checking me out. I hurried up and grabbed my clothes before shutting the bathroom door and making sure it was locked.

Then I proceeded to calm myself down enough to be able to get ready for God only knew what he had planned for me. I dressed in my second pair of jeans I'd purchased and a t-shirt that was a little more tight than I was used to.

After putting my hair up in a loose ponytail, I brushed my teeth and put on some makeup. Given the little resources I had, I was happy with my appearance. Plus I assumed he'd been joking about the long day.

We sat down at the restaurant downstairs and he paid attention to his menu instead of me. I kept glancing at him, seeing if he was checking me out. He never once looked at me, and it was driving me insane.

An older woman approached the table, pouring us two cups of coffee and sitting tiny creamer cups in between them. "My name's Flo. What can I get ya this morning?"

"Good morning, ma'am. I'd like the pancakes with bacon, a little on the crispy side, a large orange juice and a cup of home fries."

I giggled about all of the food he'd ordered. "I'll just have a bagel with cream cheese, toasted please."

She closed her little book and left us to put the order in. "Do you always eat that much for breakfast?"

"Depends if my mom makes breakfast or not." He sipped at his coffee and then started adding sugar. "On the weekends I probably eat more than this. I burn it all off by lunchtime, though."

"So you live at home?" It seemed like a good time to ask him something personal about his life.

"No. I have my own place."

"You drive to your parent's house every day for work?"

He took another sip of hot coffee. "We live on the same ranch. It's hundreds of acres. So - no, I don't drive to my parent's house. My mom cooks for everyone. She's been gettin' up with my dad and taken care of him since they got together."

I rolled my eyes, imagining a life like I only saw on television. "She sounds like Joan Cleaver. I didn't know women still tended to men like that. It's kind of crazy to me. I mean, what could your dad ever give her that would equal the amount of work she's put into that kind of life?"

He cocked his brow. "For starters, three kids, a beautiful home, anything she's ever asked for, and his undyin' love."

He'd taken offense to my comment and it shocked me. "Sorry if I upset you, Noah. You just seem like you were trying to get away from them, yet clearly you care deeply for your family."

"My dad and I don't see eye to eye. His idea for my future ain't what I want."

I understood why he hadn't mentioned it when we talked the day before. "Coming from someone whose family is a cluster-fuck, I'd say your lucky to have them, even if they drive you crazy. There isn't anything I wouldn't give to have my mom back."

I shouldn't have mentioned it knowing that he'd want to know more. "What happened?"

"She died when I was thirteen. She'd been sick for a while and stopped responding to treatments."

"Treatments for what?" It puzzled me why he seemed so interested.

"Breast Cancer. Well, it started with that. Eventually the cancer spread to other places and that's what killed her."

Noah looked down at his coffee and got real quiet. "Hey, it's okay. You didn't upset me. She's been gone a long time." I reached over and tapped on his hand, but he stood up and walked away. I watched him head out of the restaurant and pulled out his phone. He spoke for a couple of minutes and came back in and sat down.

"Sorry about that."

"Are you alright?"

He still refused to look at me. "When I was around eleven my mother was diagnosed. She went through hell, but made it through remission. Every year she gets checked, and I can't imagine how scary it is for her."

I'd never met anyone that was my age when their mother had cancer. It was a horrible thing to have in common with someone, but for some reason I felt connected to him because of it. Then I was almost jealous knowing that he'd got to keep his mother and I didn't. "Is that who you just called?"

He nodded. "I left her a message."

"That was thoughtful of you. You're very lucky, Noah. There's nothing that I wouldn't give to have my mother back, even if it were only for one day. After she died my whole life pretty much ended. It hasn't been the same since. In fact, I can't remember the last time I had a day where I felt completely happy. It's pathetic isn't it?"

Noah shot me a half-smile. "No. It's sad, but you're not pathetic. You're human."

"Yeah, the last time I checked I was." I grabbed a ton of sugar and added it to the black coffee. "Although, I think I may have sealed my fate by driving my boyf - I mean my ex's car into a pond. That might qualify me as crazy."

"Don't go back there. You said you got nothin' there holdin' you back. You're lucky that people don't depend on you. My life was set in stone before I was born. My dad knew his son would take over the business. I've never been allowed to voice my opinion, or even have one."

I felt bad for Noah, and was finally understanding why he'd left. "I've got ten bucks to my name, since all of my money was left at my ex's. I'm sure he's already found it. If it weren't for you, I'd still be in the same clothes."

"About that," he paused and took a drink. "We need to get you somethin' else to wear tonight. If you want to be remembered, you should dress the part."

"Ugh, don't even talk about shopping, especially since I know ten bucks isn't going to get me shit in this town."

"I'm buyin'."

I shook my head. "Absolutely not. Noah, you've done enough. I feel bad enough already. I'm going to be mailing you I.O.U.'s for the next ten years."

He laughed at me. "You don't owe me nothin'. All sexual jokes aside, you're nice company. I don't expect money, or nothin' else. I get that you're in a bad way. If it was goin' to be a problem I wouldn't have let you come with me."

Settled on the fact that he wasn't going to let me say no, I smiled and accepted that maybe Noah was meant to come into my life, to give me at least a couple days of happiness. After all, in a little while I'd be on stage, doing something I'd only dreamed of. "Okay."

Our food came, and as I picked at my bagel, I watched Noah devour every bite on his plate except for one. "What?"

"Where do you put it?"

"Woman, you've obviously never experienced pancakes before." With a fork full of pancakes, he aimed it at my mouth. "Take a bite."

"I don't know where your mouth has been." I turned my face away, but he didn't move the fork. "I'm sure you won't die. Just take a bite."

I opened my mouth and let him feed me his last bite. The maple flavor of the syrup hit my taste buds first. Then the perfection of pancake filled my senses. Satisfied that I'd done what he asked, he finished his coffee and wiped his face with a napkin.

"My mom used to make these when I was little. I guess I forgot how much I liked them."

"We'll get more tonight after our show. I know this place that serves them all day and all night."

"It's a date." I said the words without the loaded pun behind them. It was a simple saying, that came with a certain assumption.

Noah didn't argue or correct me. "Sounds good."

We paid for our check and headed outside where Noah hailed us a cab. I had no idea where he was taking me, but somehow I knew he'd keep me safe. It was very reassuring to feel that way, but it came with a price.

The longer I hung out with Noah, the harder it was to resist my growing desire to know more about him. I liked him, and time was only going to intensify that feeling.

Where I should have been a mess over a breakup, I'd hardly thought about my ex. I didn't know whether to thank Noah, or runaway, because it could only mean that he was replacing all of the negative in my life. Since I knew we'd part ways that really scared me. Once he'd gone home to his family, I'd feel even more alone than ever.

Determined not to think about it, I climbed into a cab with Noah. I wasn't going to think about what was going to happen. I was just going to have fun while it lasted and hope a friendship could come out of it.

Noah

Breakfast had been a real eye-opener for me, after hearing how Shalan's mother died. I could feel the pain of it, as if it were my own mother's fate. As sad as it made me feel, it had given me reason to call home and make things right.

My message was short, and I was glad she didn't answer, so I had time to prepare exactly how I was going to apologize. I just knew I had to make peace, because one could never determine when our time on earth was up.

To Shalan, my helping her was definitely out of pity. I'm sure that had something to do with it, but I was being honest about liking her company. She was so easy on the eyes, and behind that attitude was someone I wanted to get to know. Of course, I wasn't about to admit that to her, especially when she was giving me such a hard time about certain things. Plus I liked teasing her, making her think I was an ass**le.

With the exception of my major f**k-up a couple weeks back, I wasn't a terrible boyfriend. Time was always my downfall, because my job was so sporadic. Like a plumber, I was always on call. If the cattle broke a fence in the middle of the night, I'd be out fixing it. Committing to someone and being reliable wasn't a promise that I could keep.

After breakfast I decided that I'd take Shalan around the city. She'd obviously never been and there was some special places to see.

The key to sightseeing in the city was to get there before all the tour buses arrived. Shalan had no idea where we were going until the cab dropped us off at the long entrance for the ferry to see the Statue of Liberty. The smile on her face definitely told me that she was excited.

After we'd gotten through security, and finally made it on the boat, I saw another side of her. She looked green immediately. "You alright?"

"I've never been on a boat before. Is it supposed to rock this much?"

I look over and noticed that her once flush face was now turning green. She was motion sick. "Maybe you should sit down and try to relax."

Crowds of people filled in and the seats disappeared before she could grab one. I took her hand and led her up the stairs to one of the two open levels. The crisp morning air hit us immediately as we made our way to an open seat. We sat near the front of the boat and I wrapped my arm around her to provide her with some warmth. "The ride is just a few more minutes. Keep your eyes open. It will help with the dizziness."

She tucked her head in between my arm and chest and looked forward. "I might have to throw up." I started to move away, but she pulled me back. "I'll get up if I have to. Please just sit still."

By only luck, an older woman with a man near her same age approached us. "Is she sick?"

"The water doesn't agree with her."

She reached in her purse. "My daughter used to get seasick all of the time. Here take one of these pills for motion sickness. It might take some time, but it will help."

"Used to?" It wasn't our business, but Shalan was just trying to be nice after the woman's kind assistance. "Did she get used to it?"

The woman smiled and looked back at the man. "She passed away a few years ago, love."

"I'm so sorry," Shalan replied.

"She was sick a long time, dear. She's at peace now with the Lord. We come here every year on her birthday. It was one of her favorite places when she was little. When I saw you sitting there with that familiar hue to your face, it felt like it was a sign that she's still with us, in spirit at least."

"It's very nice of you to offer. I'm sorry about your daughter. She was lucky to have two parents that cared so much for her. I lost my mom when I was a child. I too hope she's somehow watching out for me."

"You take care of yourself, you hear? As for us, well, we've taken up enough of your time. You might want to start making your way downstairs, or else they'll drive you all the way to Ellis Island."

"I'd like to see that place anyway. I've never been here before. It's all so amazing." Shalan excitedly announced.

I met eyes with the man, who was clearly the dad in the equation. He put his hand on his wife's back and held it there for a moment, offering her acknowledgement that they'd gone through such a tragedy together, as parents and a couple.

I had to look away. Being young, I'd already made a ton of mistakes with relationships, but not my parents. They were still so in love with each other, and I guess for a moment I pictured them losing me or one of my sisters, and it was painful to imagine. I shot the guy a nod and turned the other way, clenching my jaw and burying those emotions deep inside where no woman would ever see.

By the time we walked off of the boat, Shalan had thanked the woman plenty of times. I don't know why I did it, but I kept my arm around her as we walked out. I suppose maybe in the back of my mind I wanted the older parents to think that we were a young couple in hopes that, for just a little while, they could see themselves in our shoes. Maybe it was a terrible idea, it still made me feel better.

Once we'd gotten to the entrance for the Statue of Liberty, Shalan managed to get the color back in her face. I ran into a shop and grabbed her a fresh bottle of water and some crackers.

Shalan sipped on the water and looked up at the tall monument. "It's so big. To be honest, I never knew it was actually on an island. I mean, I heard it was, but I never understood it."

"You want to go inside? We can take the elevator if it's easier for you." I didn't bring her all this way for her not to get the whole tour, but I wasn't going to push if she didn't feel up to it.

"Yeah, let's go."

We walked slowly, side by side, eager to get to the elevator and view New York in a different perspective. After waiting in line, we finally made it to the first level. Since I hadn't bought tickets for the very top, I was hoping that Shalan was satisfied with where we could go. She seemed amazed when we walked outside, circling around the Statue, surrounded by chest height block wall. Shalan looked up first, getting a glimpse of it up close. Then she leaned over the ledge and looked all around at the city. "This is amazing, Noah. Thank you for bringing me here."

I smiled and looked over at her. "I thought you might like to see it. You can't come to this city and not see somethin' like this." I pointed across the water. "That there is Ellis Island. It's where the immigrants came first. The original family names are all listed inside of the main museum part. Would you like to take the ferry there next?"

She nodded. "Yes."

I'd begun to turn around when I felt her grabbing my hand. I turned, noticing the look on her face immediately. I didn't wait for her to ask for it, nor did I take a breath before I acted on it.

Our lips met, slow and steady. I closed my eyes, willing to accept that this was her thank you. Right as I was about to slip my tongue in her mouth, she pulled away, staring at me the whole time.

I started to say something, but she stuck her finger over my lips. "That was for allowing me to come on this trip with you, even when you didn't know me at all. It's for spending money on me and taking me places that I never thought I'd be able to go. It's for being so sweet to me on that boat when I thought I was going to puke my guts up. This trip - well, it means more to me than you'll probably ever know."

I smiled and kissed her hand before she could pull it away. "It's been my pleasure, darlin'."

"Good, now let's go to the next place so we can get back and practice for tonight. I know I'm acting crazy, but this performance means everything to me, Noah. I just want a real chance to sing for people with a real band. I never thought something like this would ever happen."

I smiled, understanding her excitement, but not really feeling the same kind of thrill over it. "It's all good. Let's head out."

We spent the rest of the morning walking around or taking rides in cabs. After our talk at breakfast, it seemed easier to open up to her about my life. I told her about my crazy family, and how we'd always done everything together. I also explained the fight with my parents, including every detail that happened the night I left. By two in the afternoon we were both pretty exhausted. Knowing how important the gig was to her, I decided to take us both back to the hotel so we could go over song choices and rest.

Shalan plopped down on the bed just as her phone began to ring on the nightstand. She reached over and looked at the number, rolling her eyes, before placing it back down. "Leave it to him to screw up my mood."

"Who? Your ex?"

"Yeah."

I grabbed the phone and answered the call before she could say anything. It was none of my business, but I knew from experience that the relationship was over. She was fragile, and would probably take him back as soon as she got home. Feeling somewhat protective of my new friend, I decided to take matters into my own hands.

While she struggled to take the phone from me, I started to talk.

"Hello?"

"Who the f**k is this?"

"The name's Noah, not that it's any of your business. You lost the right to ask when you f**ked Shalan's friend."

"Screw you. You don't know shit. Put her on the phone, before this gets ugly."

She was still trying to get the phone from me. I rolled my eyes and put him on speaker, thinking she'd say something, but she didn't.

"Give me one reason why she would want to hear a single word out of your mouth."

"You tell that bitch to get on the phone or I'll make sure she goes to jail for what she's done."

Shalan started to cry. My patience was wearing thin before, but hearing his threats sent me over the edge. "Listen here. You're goin' to lose this number if you know what's good for you. Shalan didn't do nothin' that you didn't deserve. If you press charges against her, you best watch your back from now until eternity, because if I f**kin' find you, you'll wish you were never born."

"Give me a break. Are you for real? I will -."

I hung up before he could say anything else. Shalan fell down on the bed and began to cry harder. It made me regret doing it. "I'm sorry. I just couldn't let you listen to anything that dick had to say. You deserve better." I sat down beside her and looked toward the other bed. "You're too good for someone like him. Hell, you're too good for me, even."

I turned to look in her direction and saw that she was looking right at me. "Don't say that. You've done nothing but be nice to me since we met. I wouldn't even be in this hotel room if it wasn't for you. No matter what you've done in the past doesn't matter to me. You're a good man, Noah. You're so lucky. You come from a good family and you have so much to be thankful for. I've got nothing to show for. I'm all alone, and somehow this gig is the most important thing in my life. How pathetic is that? I'm not crying because of him. I'm crying because there's nothing left for me to live for."

I wiped her tears and refused to allow her to belittle herself. "Don't even say that. Look at me, Shalan." I waited for her to do as I told her. "Don't ever say that again. If I hadn't met you, I'd be well into Canada right now, refusing to speak to my family still. I didn't just bring you along for company. I suppose I did it because I wanted to protect you, even when I knew nothin' about you. Now I don't know much about women, but I know myself. I wouldn't do that, if I didn't think you were special. Now, dry those eyes and stop feelin' sorry for yourself. You and I are going to get out on that stage tonight and make sure everyone there sees what I see when I look into those eyes, and when I hear that voice of yours."

Through her tears she smiled and reached her hand over to put it on top of mine. "Thank you."

"I mean it about those tears. Don't let me see them again. You're too damn pretty to be upset."

She put her head back down on the pillow, constantly sniffling while she calmed down. I started to pull my hand away and get up, but she grabbed it and pulled me back down on the bed. "Don't go."

I knew what I was doing. It had become apparent when I'd saved her, brought her with me, took her around town, and then protected her. I liked Shalan and I wanted to be close to her. I didn't leave my life behind to start up some relationship. Sex was expected, but this was something else. I climbed under the covers with her and wrapped my arm around her body, pulling her onto my chest. As much as I wanted to lean forward and kiss her, I knew it wasn't the right place or time. She needed a friend and so did I. Everything else was going to have to wait.

Noah

When I woke up and realized that we'd both fallen asleep, I turned and checked the window to make sure it was still light outside. If we'd slept through our gig, Shalan would have freaked out. Feeling like I had time to relax, I turned my attention to the beautiful woman asleep against my chest. A couple of days was all we'd known each other, but I knew more about her than I had my last two girlfriends.

I think getting away from the ranch had given me some space to live for myself instead of what everyone else expected out of me. I had time to take in new things, especially when it was a woman as gorgeous as Shalan.

Her life had been so filled with pain, and I'd never be able to understand how being kind to someone would spark what was happening between us. Maybe it was the fact that our mother's had both suffered from cancer. Perhaps I felt sorry because mine lived while her mother didn't. Maybe I felt connected to her because my birth mother had also died. It was even possible that I felt so sorry for her that treating her kind was the least I could do.

All I knew was that I wanted her to feel safe, even if it were a temporary thing. She didn't need to worry about where she was going to rest her head, or if she'd had enough money to get something to eat. Her hardships could be ignored while she was with me and it was certainly my pleasure to do it. The more time I spent with Shalan, the less I thought about my problems at home, and how they were still going to be waiting for me when I got back.

Then of course there was that urge to have her. There was no denying how attracted I was to her, but it was more than that. While we'd been together I'd gotten so caught up in her that I'd forgotten about everything else. Sure, it was still on my mind, but not like it should have been. While my parents thought I was out learning a lesson, I was in the city, fooling around with a woman that I'd just met.

To make matters worse, I couldn't remember feeling so free and alive. Sure, she was running from something, and maybe I was too, but together we were good.

Shalan stirred and looked over at me. "How long were we asleep?"

"I don't know. It's still light out."

She nestled herself closer to me and closed her eyes again. "Good, because I'm not ready to get up."

She felt so good in my arms, like she was supposed to fit like she did. It had started out as support, but the longer I held her, the more it was beginning to feel like something other than a shoulder to cry on. I actually wanted to hold her, to feel her close to me.

I leaned forward, brushing my lips over hers. Maybe I should have kept things on a friend level, but I couldn't help want what I'd never had. I couldn't look at those lips and not want to kiss them more than a peck. I let my mouth linger over hers, waiting for some kind of response before I could continue.

First I saw those eyes, and then I watched her inching her way toward me. This kiss wasn't slow. I simply needed to ravage her lips and experience what I'd been thinking about for too long. I don't know whose tongue did what first, because it happened so quickly. While our mouths satiated the immediate need, it left me with a response less easily managed. My hunger for her increased, and as she moved her body ever so slowly over top of mine, it was obvious that only one thing could fulfill me. I felt her knee rising between my legs. Her hands held still on both of my shoulders, while her leg rubbed against my dick, which happened to be growing at a rapid rate.

While I was fully aware of what was taking place with other parts of my body, my attention went back to kissing Shalan. While debauched, it gave me an idea of how amazing it would be to have her completely. Both of my hands wrapped around her back, slowly making their way to her ass. I cupped both cheeks and pulled her body forward. She backed away and sat up, giving me the impression that she was ready to take things to the next level. Without hesitation, I reached for her shirt in order to lift it over her head. I was ready to get the party started and spend the rest of the afternoon naked in bed, showing her how I'd been right about everything I'd said.

Then she froze. She took her hands and put them over mine, blocking me from moving further. "Noah, wait. We shouldn't." She shook her head. "I mean, we can't do this."

I sighed. "Yeah, you keep sayin' that. I'm just not real sure it's what you really want."

She leaned forward, kissing me gently on the lips. "How about we practice for a little while?"

A smile formed in the corner of my lips and I didn't fight it. I reached around and held onto her waist. "I've got a better idea of what we can practice, darlin'."

I saw her smile, briefly, before she hopped off of me, distancing herself from my touch. "Be serious. Don't you want to do a good job tonight?"

"It ain't like they throw tomatoes. We'll do fine. It's cover songs, just like karaoke." I leaned forward and watched her repositioning her clothes. "You wouldn't have to do all that if you got back up in this bed with me. I promise that I can make those nerves you're feelin' disappear."

Shalan rolled her eyes and walked over to the dresser, grabbing the piece of paper that had been delivered to our room, and slipped under the door sometime overnight. It contained the song list that the band played. I watched her reach into her purse and grab a pen. She stuck the cap in her mouth and sat down at the chair without saying a single word to me about what had just happened between us.

That fast she'd moved on, while my dick, and the lack of action left a bad taste in my mouth, and an excruciating ache in my pants.

"So it says here that they play the Stones, Marley, Joplin, The Who. I love their taste."

I sat up, finally coming to grips with another shut down. "Nothin' new?"

"They've got new stuff on here, too. I'm just thinking it would be better if we stuck to songs that were familiar. Besides, people like the oldies, especially when I'm singing them." She giggled and looked over at me, consciously waiting for me to notice that she'd given herself such a compliment.

I knew better than to ruin the mood by hitting on her again. "You've got nice pipes, that's for sure. I'm just wonderin' if someone as small as you can keep up with someone like me."

"I can keep up. You heard me last night."

"I meant on the guitar. Can you play an instrument or are you all vocal?" I was taunting her with my talents, trying to get a rise out of her, just to see the way she shot back at me. I liked it when she got feisty.

"We have a band already, Noah."

"That ain't what I asked you. Can you play or not?"

She put down the paper and stood up, walking directly over to where I was sitting. I watched closely as she took her hand and grabbed my chin, forcing me to look into her eyes. "Oh, I can play, Noah. But that's something I only share with certain people."

"You're full of shit." More taunting definitely got a rise out of her.

Her brow arose and she smiled with this evil grin I hadn't seen before. It was almost vengeful. "If I'm lying then I'll do whatever you want tonight after the show."

"Whatever I want?" I kissed the base of her neck, letting my lips sit there while I spoke. "I can think of a dozen things right now."

I heard her gasp, so I kept kissing her there, running my hand over the back of her neck as if I was going to take control. "You heard what I said."

I pulled away, leaving her panting for more. "Now, I just hope you can't play a lick, because you're not going to want to miss out on the things I want to do to you once this show is finished. You see, I've already thought, long and hard about it, and I've got a feelin' so have you."

She brought her lips forward and let the plump bottom one drag over my mine. If she thought she could beat me at my own game she had another thing coming. "Maybe I have. That doesn't mean it's going to happen. We all have desires, Noah. Not everyone has to act on them."

She started to walk away, but my throbbing c**k wouldn't allow me to let her get far. I approached her from behind and pressed her against the wall on the other side of the bed. Her face turned to the side as I cupped both of her br**sts and held my hands there. I wasn't being forceful enough to hurt her, just to show her that I wasn't playing games. I was going to f**k her, and it was going to happen sooner than later.

My lips touched her ear while I spoke. "When you're up there singing your heart out tonight, I want you to close your eyes and picture me between those petite thighs of yours, suckin' on that pu**y. You think about me savorin' that sweet spot while you're beggin' me for more. Every time you turn around and look at me, I want to see that fire in your eyes, because you know it's goin' to happen later on. Stop fightin' it, Shalan. That heat between your legs is for me. It's only a matter of time before I get it."

I flipped her around so she was facing me. Her eyes, filled with both fear and excitement, glistened as the sunset came through the window. "Like I said, if I can't play."

I laughed and walked away, leaving her standing there vulnerable.

I tugged off my shirt, kicked off my jeans, and removed my boxers before I walked in the bathroom to take a shower. Shalan, who could only see the back of me, said nothing in response. If she wanted to keep playing hard to get, I was going to make her suffer.

The water beat down on my face. It was refreshing, but also a reminder of what I could be getting in the next room. I looked down at my rock hard c**k and knew I was going to have to take care of the problem myself. It wasn't like I could ask her for assistance and expect it to get done.

I took matters into my own hands, literally, and closed my eyes, imagined the way her lips felt to kiss. I pictured them around me, sucking me off so hard. My release came faster than usual, probably because I was so pent up, or more so because the women in the next room was something I was eager to have. The truth was that women didn't turn me down often, and I wasn't about to let this one slip away without a fight.

What kept me motivated was knowing that, given the chance, I'd rock her world, and not just with a song, but with something I was sure she'd never experienced before with her ex. I was prepared to satisfy her first; to give her the best f**k of her life, if and when the time came.

The only problem with that plan, was the wait.

Noah

She looked gorgeous in the dress.

I'd purchased it after I took her out for dinner. It was difficult to convince her that she should dress the part. Finally she agreed, but only if I let her pay me back, whenever she could afford it.

I purposely hid the tag, knowing she never would have let me buy the dress if she knew it was a hundred bucks. It was just a little gesture, probably with less fabric than one of my fifteen dollar shirts. The whole thing was covered in this red shiny shit that I knew would shine from the lights above the stage. As soon as she put it on she began to sparkle.

Her hair was down for a change, and natural curls covered the ends. Her makeup, on the heavier side, still looked like perfection, contrasting those blue eyes. Now more than ever, I wanted what she hadn't given me.

The place was jam-packed with people. Most had a table full of beverages, and seemed to be enjoying the environment. We'd walked in together, and after taking one look at her I knew she was freaking out. "Hey, cut it out. We'll do fine."

She grabbed my hand and continued looking forward. "It's more crowded than it was yesterday."

"Focus on me if you have to, darlin'. I'll keep you straight." I squeezed her hand.

"You're just trying to get into my pants."

When she turned to look at me I smiled. "I really don't need to try, Shalan. Lets not kid ourselves. You're stallin' the inevitable. After this show tonight I'm goin' to have you, whether you're ready to admit it or not."

"Keep telling yourself that, cowboy. I'm not as easy as you're assuming."

"You don't have to be easy to wrestle in the sheets with me. I'll take you places that you ain't ever been before."

She gave me these big, beady eyes. "Stop it. I need to focus on singing."

The band members who had introduced themselves one at time previously, approached us. Shalan put on a professional face and started going over the song choices. I almost laughed at some of the things she'd decided for us to sing together, but noticed that the band thought her selections were spot on. For the most part, I'd sing backup, allowing her to take center stage.

We started about thirty minutes after meeting them, and the first song was an easy one. The music started to play, but Shalan didn't budge. She was frozen on the stage, petrified to open her mouth in front of the new crowd of people.

I got up from the stool and approached her from behind. My hands slipped around her waist and I put my lips up to her ear, mostly so she could hear me over the loud background music playing. "Breathe, woman. You've got this."

She looked back at me and I shot her a wink. With a smile and a prayer, she started swaying to the beat. Then she sang Joplin, like she'd sung the night before. Her voice, as angelic as the first time I'd heard it, did things to me. Every time I caught her looking my way I made sure to give her a nod. She was doing great, and deep inside that scared persona, she knew she was putting on a perfect performance.

After that things fell into place. Song after song she loosened up, even at one point getting the crowd to participate. I was in awe over her, suddenly noticing that no woman had ever captivated me the way she was doing.

After our first set, we all walked outside to cool off. The band members seemed pleased with our performance, but spoke amongst themselves about someone we didn't know. Shalan, who was standing away from everyone, caught my stare. She smiled as I walked in the direction of where she was standing. "You alright?"

"Yeah," she answered. "It's a little overwhelming. I didn't know it would feel like this."

I leaned against the brick building right next to her. "You're doin' great. The crowd loves you. You're a natural, you know that?"

She shrugged. "That's what my mom always said."

"She knew what she was talkin' about."

I looked toward her, spotting the sweat that was running between her cle**age. My mouth watered and I licked my lips, feeling a jump in my dick immediately. I faced her and ran one finger over the outside of her arm. Our eyes met, and her lips parted. "We need to get back inside, Noah."

I pinned her against the brick and leaned my face forward until our lips gently grazed. "Not until I get what I want."

She wasn't scared of my acknowledgement. In fact, she kissed me without fuss.

I checked the street and noticed that everyone had gone inside except for us. Knowing that we were alone, I took my hands and ran them down her hips, lifting her dress until I felt her panties. I gripped her ass and pulled her against me, letting her feel what she was already doing to me. "You feel that?"

She nodded and looked me right in the eyes.

I lifted her with both hands still on her ass. "Tell me you want me, Shalan. I'm tired of playin' games. We need to f**k so I can calm down. You've got me wired."

We kissed again, this time allowing our tongues to slip around together. I grabbed at the back of her panties and started pulling them up, tugging so that they'd go between her lips and rub on her clit. She gasped against my mouth and opened her eyes. Her breathing was heavy, and if we didn't have people waiting I was pretty sure she'd let me continue what I was doing.

I let her down, allowing her feet to touch the ground again. Before she could push her dress back down, I reached my hand between her legs, adjusting the panties and getting a slight feel of her skin, which felt very smooth. I groaned against her mouth and rubbed the fabric that covered her pu**y. "I'm going to make you cum until you can't walk straight. You hear me?"

She nodded against my mouth and allowed me to keep rubbing that warm, welcoming spot. I swear for a second I even thought she spread her legs, allowing me easier access. My lips ran over the base of her neck and up to her ear, while I slipped her panties aside with two fingers. I needed to feel it, to feel what her pu**y was going to be like. As soon as I separated those lips and inched my way in between, I knew I was in for something dangerous. She was wet, unbelievably soaked and ready. I groaned again, picturing the way my dick could slide right inside with a simple push. "Oh, baby, there's no denyin' it now." I pushed my fingers inside of her more and then started moving them back and forth. "Tonight this is mine, you hear me? Oh f**k, darlin', I want this right now."

She kissed me and spoke at the same time. "We need to get back inside."

I f**ked her with my fingers harder. "You want me to stop?"

She shook her head. "No!"

I kissed her so hard that her head fell back against the building. I picked up one leg and held it up, while continuing to please her with my other hand. My thumb began a vigorous circular motion over her clit and I felt her body begin to buckle. Her face tightened and she let out this cry that sounded of pleasure and pain mixed together.

I pulled my fingers out before she was finished, and her eyes sparked open. I lifted my two fingers up to her mouth and dragged them across her lips. "When you lick your lips up there on that stage, I'll know you're thinkin' about me f**kin' you later. Do it, Shalan. Taste your pu**y and try to deny that it's proof you want me."

She licked her top lip lightly and closed her eyes.

There wasn't need for a response. I could see it from her body language. In just a couple hours she'd be in my bed, naked and giving me what I craved.

I slid her panties back over and pushed down her dress, before walking back inside and leaving her breathless.

The next set went better. I sang along side of her as backup, while she continued belting out songs that I'd never tried to sing before. Each time I caught her stare she was wetting those lips. It didn't matter if the taste was gone. I knew she was ready, and that's all that I wanted.

Our last song choice was supposed to be an old song by Fleetwood Mac. Once again, I wasn't going to have to sing. At the very last minute she changed it up. Shalan pulled me off the stool and started singing.

She started the song with the chorus, I guess so the band and I would catch on.

"I want to kiss you all over.

And over again.

I want to kiss you all over.

Until the night closes in."

Then I chimed in.

"Until the night closes in."

The band started to play and the crowd got rowdy. Loud whistles could be heard over the music.

Shalan smiled and approached me, singing the song to me instead of the crowd.

"When I get home, babe, going to light your fire.

All day I have been thinkin about you, babe.

You are my one desire."

She left the next verse to me and I prayed I knew all the words. After all, it was an old ass song.

"Going to wrap my arms around you.

Hold you close to me.

Oh, babe I want to taste your lips.

I want to be your fantasy, yea."

I thought about those lips and how they tasted, and I'm pretty sure it was what she expected me to do. She ran the back of her body up and down me, and I played into her little show, acting surprised to the crowd.

"Dont know what I would do without you, babe.

Dont know where I would be.

You are not just another lover.

No, you are everything to me."

I knew it was song, but she was still singing it to me. I kept singing, while running my free hand over the front of her abdomen. The crowd of people seemed to like to show, and I wasn't about to back down.

"Evrytime I am with you, baby.

I cannot believe it is true.

When you are layin in my arms.

And you do the things you do."

Then together we sang,

"You can see it in my eyes.

I can feel it in your touch.

You do not have to say a thing.

Just let me show how much.

I love you, I need you, yea.

I want to kiss you all over.

And over again.

I want to kiss you all over.

Until the night closes in.

Until the night closes in."

We sang the whole song together, secretly knowing that it was foreplay between the two of us. Nobody had to know what I wanted to do to her, and it turned me on more knowing we were starting it in front of them.

When the song ended our lips were inches apart. Her eyes were fixed on me, and a huge smile was across her face. She knew she'd done well. Shalan didn't need me to tell her. The crowd of cheering people were going crazy for her.

As the band began to clean up and we started helping them, that's when the base player approached us. "So tonight was awesome, you guys. Listen, we wanted to wait and see how things went before we asked you again, but based on tonight's performance I'd say you both know what you're doing. Me and the guys are in a real bind. Without a lead singer we're going to have to cancel our gigs for the next two weeks. I know you're just here visiting, but we'll take whatever we can get. Of course, you'll be paid for your time."

"We'll do it." Shalan didn't wait for me to respond.

"Perfect." He turned to face the other members. "They'll do it." I nodded when they did, kind of a man's way to say thanks.

He paid us a hundred bucks each for the gig, and Shalan handed it over to me. "This is for the dress."

I closed her hands with the money inside. "It's yours. All I did was help out."

"I can't take your money, Noah."

I leaned against her ear. "You can and you will. It ain't the money that I want."

When I pulled away I saw the look in her eyes. She was telling me yes, and I wasn't about to waste another second.

We say goodnight to the band, knowing that a bed waited for us a few floors up.

Noah

We practically ran toward the elevators. I held her hand and led the way, saying nothing as we passed by a few folks standing around in the lobby.

All I wanted was to be alone with her, but that didn't happen in the elevator, at first. A pile of people came in right after us. Shalan stood on the opposite side of the elevator staring at me. I couldn't take my eyes off of her body, and thinking how good it was going to feel having her naked in my bed. I'd sampled so much already, and knew what I was in for, but nothing was like experiencing the real deal, and we were about to go to that level; the level she'd been denying me.

The people trickled off the elevator onto the second floor, leaving one more for us to conquer before we could get to the room. As soon as we were alone I took the few steps I needed to get to her. I could feel her breath on my face, and closed my eyes imagining that sweet voice singing to me. When I opened them back up she hadn't moved. I ran my nose over the skin of her neck as the elevator began to go up. She smelled like the hotel soap, but even the familiar scent made my mouth water being on her skin.

I was obsessing over touching her, but knew if I placed my hands on her in the elevator we weren't coming out until I was finished. I neared her lips with mine. "Just one kiss. I need to taste those sweet lips."

She closed her eyes and let her lips touch mine. They were so soft, so welcoming. By the time the doors opened I'd slipped my tongue into her mouth and had begun savoring the way hers played with mine.

We pulled apart when the doors started to close with us still inside. I grabbed her hand and led her down the long hall until we reached the door to our room. Before I could grab the card out of my back pocket she'd shoved me against it. I picked her up and spun her around until her back was flat, leaning on the door..

She sucked on my bottom lip until it started to hurt and then pulled away. I looked at her as I went in for another kiss. Her eyes got heavy and finally closed as our tongues meshed together. All I could think about was her voice singing those songs. She'd given me chills with the lyrics and the way her voice carried every word. I felt like I'd been put into a sexual trance; one I didn't want to wake up from.

Without looking, I stuck the card inside of the door and opened it. Before it even closed I'd lifted the dress over her ass. She'd grabbed the buckle to my belt and ripped the whole thing out of the loops of my pants.

Shalan stood up straight and I watched her mosey her way out of the dress, while never taking her eyes off of mine. The way she bit her lip sent jolts to my cock. I wanted those puffy things around it, sucking it until my load was spent. Then I'd turn her around and f**k her, because she'd be begging for it.

We were in the little entrance area of the room. She was leaning against one wall, as I did the same to the other. In only a bra and her panties she put her hands flat against the wall and raised her chin. Her eyes so tantalizing, where communicating with me without having to speak.

My jeans fell to the floor. I stepped out of my boots and then the pants, freeing my legs completely. I could tell she was nervous about taking off the remainder of her clothes. To me, she may have well already been naked. That curvy figure told me everything I needed to know. I stuck my thumbs on the inside of my boxers and looked at how she was watching me. A smile formed across my mouth, knowing she was about to be proven wrong again.

Now I wasn't the type of guy to brag to other guys about having a big dick. Honestly, I only spoke from being told so many times that I was a nice size. I'd seen plenty of giant cocks in vulgar emails from my cousins and uncles. Obviously there were a variety of sizes out there in the world. She certainly could have seen bigger, but from the look on her face, I was pretty sure she hadn't.

"See somethin' you like?"

She kept her top teeth on that bottom lip and shook her head. "No." A smile formed in the corner of her mouth. "I see something that I want."

If this girl was nervous she wasn't showing it, because she motioned with her fingers for me to get closer. I took a couple steps forward until my hands were pressed on the wall above her head. I looked down into those seducing eyes and licked my lips. "Now's the time to back out."

She shook her head. "Why would I do that?"

If I didn't get her into bed soon, I was going to have to take her right against the wall. She wanted to know why. I was confident in myself enough to know she was going to like it. "Because it might be the best you've ever had. Then what will you do?"

"I was about to ask you the same question, cowboy. What are you going to do if I'm the best you've ever had? Have you considered that?"

I leaned in and kissed her. "Maybe I should."

Her lips slipped off of mine while she spoke. "You definitely should." I backed away and yanked down the front of her bra, causing her tits to pop out of the top. She lifted her hands above her head. I pressed her body harder as I slipped down and licked one of her soft ni**les. As I pulled away it had already begun to harden.

Shalan ran her hand through my hair, grabbing it and leading me back down to repeat what I'd just done.

I could feel the course texture of her nipple crossing the top of my tongue again. A sound escaped her lips, almost a gentle cry, as I suckled on it and then finally let it go. My wet saliva glistened over it, reminding me of where it had just been. I found her mouth easily, without even paying attention. Her kisses were ravenous, much like mine. I was hungry for her, and everything that was about to happen between us.

This wasn't just the excitement of sexual tension building between us. It was a sporadic mutual decision, fueled by lust and unsettled nerves. We both needed some kind of release and we'd found a way to handle it together.

This was a woman that didn't know my past. She didn't know I'd cheated on my girlfriend with her sister, or had problems being in a committed relationship. Everything about this was new, and refreshing. I could be whoever I wanted, and so could she.

I picked Shalan up and carried her over to the first bed. When her ass hit the mattress she backed up, tossing off her bra as she went. I slid between her legs and spread them without asking. My hands held both of them apart while my eyes focused on the prize that only a thin pair of panties kept me from.

Shalan giggled when she saw me stop and take in every inch of her body. "What are you waiting for?"

I studied her beautiful face, her perfect tits, the navel ring that sparkled against her skin, and then those panties. My thumbs got a hold of the elastic on the sides and slowly I pulled them down over her hips. I looked up and saw her mouth open just enough. Her sweet lips were still wet from our last kiss and I didn't know whether to look down at what I was doing, or pause for another one of her sensual kisses.

She leaned up on her elbows and long, dark strands of hair fell down over her br**sts. She wanted me to taste her, but I wasn't ready to give her what she desired. There was too many other things I wanted to do first.

"Stand up." She did as I requested, standing on the bed and looking down at me. Gradually, inch by inch, I pulled down the panties and got my first look at her pu**y. She wasn't acting like my staring at her was making her uncomfortable. For someone that hid the way she looked, she wasn't at all ashamed to be naked in front of me.

A reminder of how she affected me was making me want to react immediately to the way she was standing, so close I could kiss her pu**y if I just leaned a few inches closer. My dick caused me to take a second and rethink my decision. Instead of plunging right in, I kissed her inner thigh, licking up until my hair teased her sex. She ran her fingers through mine, while I pulled her back down on the bed. I crawled forward, dangling my body over the top of that sexy figure to kiss her again. Our tongues collided and teased until the intensity overwhelmed us. As I pulled away she grabbed my hand and stuck my middle finger in her mouth, sucking it with her eyes fixed on me. I watched her little tongue flick the tip and then take it back in again. My dick beat like a pulse and I imagined it in her mouth, being surrounded by her own slippery saliva.

"Yeah, I like that show." I moved her hair away from her face. "How about you do that same thing somewhere else."

She giggled and removed my finger, displaying these wild eyes that I'd never seen before. She took ahold of my erection and pulled me up so that it was close to her. I watched as she ran my tip over the smooth skin of her chin. "You'd like me to suck it, wouldn't you?" She licked her lips and stared at it. I watched her bite down on her own lip and suck it. "Mmm, I bet I could make you feel you so good."

"Don't mess around, Shalan. This goes both ways."

She licked the tip quickly. "Exactly." Then she spit on it, coasting the saliva around and then licking it back off. She held me at the base and teased the tip with her mouth. Gently making contact with her tongue, and then moving it away. I started moving my body forward to provoke her to go on with it, but she was determined to make me beg.

The room was blistering hot, and I thought about pulling her into the bathroom and grabbing a shower. Shalan had other plans for us. She shook my cock, slapping it against her lips as it moved around. Then her lips wrapped around the tip and she sucked hard. "Whoa!" I needed her to stop. What she was doing was uncomfortable. And then I understood.

She spit on my c**k again and used her bottom lip to spread it over my shaft. Her eyes stayed on me as she took as much of me in her mouth as she could. Her lips, stretched out as far as they could go, were full of cock.

My cock.

And she wasn't backing away.

No, Shalan sucked on my c**k like she was going to win a prize. She was skilled and used her free hand to massage my balls. She kept pulling away, sucking on her free fingers, and then using the saliva as lubrication to play with skin between my balls and my ass, while she was sucking me off. I listened to her lips lapping up my dick. Her pace was rapid, but not tame. Instead she moved from side to side, making it both uncomfortable and exciting.

Then she pushed me away.

I fell to the side of her on the bed, stiff and wondering what she was doing. Shalan stood overtop of me. She straddled my body and ran her fingers over her hardened ni**les. I watched her turn around and smack both of the cheeks on her ass. She wiggled them around and looked down at me. I saw her separate her cheeks and bend over, giving me the sexiest display of pu**y I'd ever seen close up. She was spread and ready, and about to be filled.

I sat up on my knees and ran my hand over one of her ass cheeks. Shalan leaned forward more, pressing her face flat on the bed. She reached between her legs and ran her fingers in between her pu**y lips. She moved her fingers back and forth to bring them back to her lips.

She flipped over and spread her legs wide open, leaving me in between them. I watched her reach down and trace those fingertips around her pu**y. "See something you want, Noah?"

I scooted forward and slapped that hot muff with my hard erection. "I see something that's about to be mine."

Shalan

"Don't keep me waiting, Noah. Show me what you can do with it." I was almost laughing as I said it, knowing that it wasn't the way I normally spoke. In fact, I'd never talked dirty before. As far as sex went, I was pretty predictable. I'd lay there, or climb on top, never really saying anything during the whole episode.

This was different. Noah was so attentive. He was gentle when he needed to be, and to the point at other times.

He was larger than I expected, just like he'd promised. For a moment I wanted to roll my eyes at the fact that he'd warned me, and I hadn't taken him seriously.

I could feel him there, pressing his erect shaft right at the base of my opening. My mind was in a million places, but I could tell he was completely focused. I was giving him a part of me that I considered precious. Many men had tried to get me into their beds, with no result. I refused to lower my standards and become the girl who had her number on the wall of every gas station bathroom for a fifty mile radius of where I lived. My ex had been the exception. I'd made him wait months before he could cop a feel, and even longer before I agreed to have sex.

With Noah it was somehow easy. I wanted to be with him. The attraction to him had even started that first night at the bar. He was so handsome, and I thought that someone like me would never have an opportunity with someone like him.

Then I fought with my own conscience about that attraction. I think in some ways I was punishing myself for being curious, when all the while my boyfriend was sleeping with my best friend behind my back.

I should have been heartbroken over it. Instead, I was watching the tip of Noah's c**k glide inside of me, as if he'd done it a hundred times before. I'm not going to lie and say that it wasn't uncomfortable. I tried to relax, and prepare for what was happening, but honestly I hadn't given myself a second to think about what we were doing. I mean, I knew we were having sex, but this was with Noah, my hero, the man I never thought would ever want someone as damaged as me. I know he'd come on to me, but I hadn't considered his intentions genuine.

He shoved it all the way in and held still. "When I tell you to stop movin' you need to listen. I don't have protection, and I ain't ready to be a daddy yet. Hell, I don't even know what I'm ready to be. Your pu**y feels too damn good to be able to last a long time, darlin'. It's been a real long time since anything has felt this good."

I appreciated the compliment so much that I felt myself blushing. He was telling me that my pu**y was tight and I was turning red.

I was pathetic.

Noah leaned down and kissed me so passionately that I forgot how aggressive we'd done it just moments before. This time when our tongues met they moved gracefully together. I savored his passion and felt him start to move in and out of me. I know I'd come on strong, but it had all been an act. I had no idea how to be sexy, and most certainly no experience with seduction. All of my actions in the past couple of days I'd learned from watching late night Skinemax with my ex, who never seemed to notice that they weren't really having sex at all.

I for one, couldn't help but notice that the man was always humping the woman's belly button.

"Look at me, darlin'. Doesn't it feel good?"

I nodded, unable to still accept that I was having sex with Noah. It was really happening and it felt so darn good. "Yes. Don't stop. Just keep going."

He kissed me again, and I ran both of my hands through his dark hair. Noah sucked hard on my lip, while moving his hips at a steady pace. He grabbed my legs and wrapped them around his back before sitting up and holding onto my hips. "Yeah, that's it. Relax, Shalan. I can feel that pu**y respondin' to me."

I could feel the walls of my vagina contracting as he trudged deep and then pulled back out. His thumb rubbed on my clit, like he'd done outside earlier. Tiny cries escaped me as my legs began to shake. Noah held them up and smiled, obviously knowing that I was going into sudden convulsions for a reason. "I'm coming!" I screamed loudly, not caring if the person in the next room could hear me.

I closed my eyes and focused on what was happening. It was almost like I was having an out-of-body experience. I knew it was happening, but it was as if I was watching it happen from the ceiling. My body tightened and I let go, allowing the waves of pleasure to take control of my mind, body and soul.

I'd had orgasms before, but only the ones I'd given to myself. I'd never had one from plain intercourse alone, or any other way with a man.

Noah continued rubbing my clit, causing my body to jerk each time with new waves of enjoyment. He kept his eyes fixed on mine, even when I struggled to keep them open. I watched him licking his lips and getting off on the euphoria he was taking me to.

How could someone like him, so strong and loyal, want someone like me, so pitiful and hopeless?

Why was I thinking about all of these things while this amazing specimen of a man was having sex with me?

He caught on quick, stopping in place and looking down at me. Then I did something that ruined the night completely.

I started to cry.

"I'm so sorry. I don't mean to -"

"Shh." He wiped my eyes and kissed me softly, while pulling out of me and resting his head next to me on the same pillow. "Don't do this, Shalan. Don't regret tonight."

I reached up and touched his face. "I wouldn't ever."

He kissed me again, letting his lips linger once more. "Then what?"

"I'm nothing, Noah. Tonight won't change that. I can pretend to be sexy, and give you the best night of my life, but it isn't me. All of that stuff from earlier was just a show. I've never been with someone like you, someone so experienced."

"Jesus, woman. It ain't like I wrote the book on all things sex. Sure I've had a few partners. That don't mean I can't experience new things. You think I care about that?" He rolled over and wiped his face, and then turned his attention to me. "I've been with my share of women, that much is true, but never have any of them made me want them the way that I want you. Maybe it's because we're away from home, and for once there ain't any rules. Does it really matter why I want you, and why you want me? Does it matter when I can make you feel as good as you felt a couple seconds ago?"

I shrugged and sniffled, knowing he was being nice when I was a blubbering mess. "I feel like a whore. I mean, I just broke up with my boyfriend and now I'm here, in bed with you. We barely know one another. I don't want you to think I'm doing this so I can stay with you."

He took both of my hands and brought them to his lips. "Are you sleepin' with me so you can stick around?"

I shook my head. "Of course not."

"I want you, and I don't give a damn if this is your first time, or your ten-thousandth. I still want you. Now climb back on top of me and quit that cryin'. The only time you should be cryin' is when you're callin' out my name."

"What if I suck?"

He laughed again. "Can I tell you a secret?"

"Yes."

"You give head like a champion, and act or not, that thing you did with your pu**y was the f**kin' hottest damn thing I've ever seen. I don't want you to pretend, Shalan. I want you to spread those legs and let me f**k you, because you want me as bad as I want you. It's your decision. I'll take a cold shower and try again tomorrow if I need to. Say the word and I'll get out of this bed."

I knew what I was doing was wrong, but I couldn't help myself. Noah wasn't just a sexy man. He'd given me more in two days than anyone I could even remember, or have known longer. In some ways he was like an angel, a dark one of course, to take me to the brink of ecstasy and leave me with fulfillment.

I tried to deny my attraction, though it seemed like every time I did he was doing something else that made me want him more.

Knowing that he could walk out of my life at any moment, I decided to throw caution to the wind and give him my all, even if it were only for this one night. Though he'd promised to stick around to fill in for the band member that was sick, he and I both knew he could still walk away at any time. Nothing was keeping a man like him put in this city. I could only assume that he was sticking around to make sure I had enough cash to get by on my own. I didn't know everything about him, but I knew that much.

Before I could answer, I felt my body being lifted and placed perfectly over his so that my pu**y was right smack in his face. "Close your eyes and let me show you what it's like to be with a real man."

He kissed my inner thigh and ran his tongue up the inside of my leg, until he reached the base of my sex. "Oh my god."

I felt him licking me, his warm tongue sliding between my folds. My clit, so swollen and ready, responded to his touch. Noah picked me up and guided me over his mouth. My reaction to his lips kissing and suckling on such a sensitive area caused me to gasp in horror. He pulled me towards him, forcing my pu**y against his face as if he wanted it badly. My head fell back as I felt him sucking my clitoris in between his lips and holding it there, filling that tiny spot with blood. The harder he sucked, the more I felt the rush of release coming over me again. Noah let go and used his chin whiskers to excite me even more.

He was right about one thing.

I cried out his name like I'd never said before, knowing that the neighbors definitely heard me that time around. "I knew you'd scream my name, darlin'. It was only a matter of time before I got to taste that pu**y I've been thinkin' about for days."

His words gave my chills, as if I wasn't already experiencing every feeling possible.

When he finally released his hold on me, I had a new outlook on what I wanted out of this night. Noah was right. I had to stop worrying about everything and enjoy the now. I got on my knees and stuck my ass in the air like I'd done earlier. He wasted no time getting behind me and rubbing his fingers around my ass**le. I reached under and touched my swollen bud lightly, knowing he was watching.

I could feel his c**k at my entrance, slapping it and preparing me for insertion. This time I accepted all of him. My canal, soaked from his hard work, graciously endured his whole mass. He pulled my hair back, as if I was his stallion and he was riding me bareback. Waves of pleasure excited me when I thought about him f**king me the way he was. Noah tugged on my hair for a second time, pulling me all the way up until my back was against his chest. He let go of my hair and cupped my br**sts into his hands, squeezing my ni**les in between his fingernails. I reached down and played with my clit, determined to orgasm one more time before Noah could finish. I reached back with my face, longing to feel his lips kissing mine again. He met me halfway, devouring my mouth with his own. His hot breath reminded me that he was working hard. I reached up and placed my hands over his that were still holding onto my tits.

Noah pulled out, seemingly ready to blow his load anywhere but inside of me. So I thought.

As quick as he'd removed himself, he spun me around and lifted me on top of him again. Within seconds he was back inside of me, this time expecting me to do most of the work. I started hopping at a rapid pace, almost getting high enough that he was all the way out of me, and then sitting back down again. Our bodies, from the sweat, slapped together each time they made contact. He reached up and grabbed my ni**les again, this time pulling down enough to where he could stick one in his mouth. I watched him sucking it as if I had milk to drink, all the while watching me watch him.

Noah spun my body around again, reverse cowgirl this time. It felt like the tip of his c**k was all the way up in my stomach, even though I knew that couldn't be possible. This position felt different, especially where my G-spot was concerned. After hitting it two times I felt a gush and then immediately lost control over myself. To be honest, I thought I peed myself. The pleasure didn't stop. Noah kept hitting it and he forced my body back down again and again. I cried out into the room and accepted the most amazing sensation I'd ever felt before.

Then he pulled out.

He didn't need to explain as he grabbed his shirt off the floor and blew his load, while still staring at my pu**y. "Damn, I wanted to last longer."

"It was long."

He smiled and shook his head, but didn't elaborate. "The question is, how was it?"

I could still feel butterflies in my stomach, and I didn't know if my pu**y would ever recuperate, not that I wanted it to. Noah being inside of me, giving me that kind of release was something I never wanted to forget, even if he walked out and I never saw him again.

I still hadn't fully caught my breath, but I knew exactly how to answer him. "How long until we can do it again?"

Shalan

We didn't leave the room for the next eighteen hours. Between room service and the sex, we were both too satiated to consider going anywhere. After an afternoon nap I climbed out of bed and started the shower. Unlike other times, I left the door open to the bathroom, knowing that I was naked and Noah had already seen everything I had.

The water was hot beating down on my face. I closed my eyes and replayed the last night's events in my head. As excited as I was to perform again, and be able to share my talent with more people, I couldn't stop thinking about Noah. Even the mere image of him in my mind got me hot and bothered again.

Then it hit me again; that constant reminder that this was only temporary. I couldn't keep Noah in a hotel, holding him as some sexual hostage for me during the day, and song partner at night.

It made me sad.

I'd never been lucky, but since meeting him it seemed like everything I'd ever wanted was happening. I'd been able to sing and feel the comforts of luxury, plus reap the benefits of how a real woman should be treated by a man. How could I not fear for the moment when it would all come to a crashing halt?

I didn't move when I heard the shower curtain pulling to the side. His presence was no secret as strong hands came down over my shoulders. His lips found my ear first. "You ready to perform tonight?"

I turned around and reached up to wrap my arms around his neck. "At the club, or back here in bed?"

He got this sly look of orneriness on his face. "Loaded question."

"Yeah." I bit down on my lip. "The answer is yes, to both."

Our lips met, and once again I was blown away by how sensual it was. He grabbed my chin and pecked my bottom lips before responding. "I know I already said it, but I'm real glad I met you in that bar that night. The past couple of days have been great."

"Is this where you tell me you're going to call me and you never do?" I turned my head to the side and let my hands start falling down his chest. I couldn't keep him, so it wasn't worth getting upset over, and that's exactly what was happening.

"You're not goin' to get all weird now are you? I mean, this is just two people havin' a good time, right?"

And there it was...

"Of course. I know that." I turned quickly and grabbed the bar of soap, for the first time since being intimate feeling completely like a stranger to him. I'd gone ahead and slept with a man that wanted nothing from me. The reality hit me hard, and being naked in the shower with him wasn't as sexy as it first seemed.

He took the shampoo and started washing my hair. I had my back turned to him and felt the tears welling up. This temporary fix was inevitably going to end.

Noah took his time, washing and rinsing my hair, then washing my body, one area at a time. He paid close attention to certain areas, and made sure he kissed every inch of me as he went. I almost wanted him to stop, on account of loving it so much and knowing it was a temporary high.

I finally turned around and looked at Noah, who was busy washing his own hair. His body, so perfectly sculpted was something that I would never be able to forget, another was the way he touched me. It was impossible to be falling for someone so soon. I knew it had to be an infatuation, based on the fact that I'd never been with anyone even remotely like him.

He climbed out of the shower, pushing the curtain all the way open and lifting me out. My ass hit the cold marble on the vanity as he sat me on it. He grabbed a towel and wrapped it around my back before kissing me on the tip of the nose. "We need to get dressed and find you something as sexy as last night to wear."

"I can't keep buying clothes with what I earn, Noah. I've got to save up. God knows I can't go home. I'll be sleeping in a cell if I did that."

He cocked his brow. "Seriously, you think he'd do that?"

I nodded. He didn't know how crazy my ex could get. Yes, I'd driven his car into a pond, but he could be vindictive. After my actions I was sure he was plotting against me to see how he could destroy what I had left to my name. "Unfortunately, yes. I can't go back there. I'm just going to save up my money and take a bus somewhere. I've got bartender and waitressing skills. I'm sure I can find a job and a cheap motel that rents by the month."

I watched as his jaw clenched. He took a strand of wet hair and pushed it out of my face. "I don't like hearin' you talk that way, Shalan. There's nobody you can call?"

I shook my head and looked down at the floor. It was embarrassing to admit that I had nothing. "Nobody. Hell, by now my uncle knows I lied. His wife won't let me go back there. She's probably furious that I walked out on my job with no notice. I already told you that I don't talk to my dad, so that's out of the question."

"There's got to be somethin'."

I shrugged again. "I could always strip."

"Yeah right. You wouldn't?" I could tell he seemed offended about it.

"Why not? If it paid the bills, I'd do it. I mean, it's not like I'd have to sleep with anybody."

He leaned on the counter and looked down, ignoring the fact that we were both standing in the bathroom naked. I grabbed one of his arms and made him look at me. "Noah, this is my problem. Stop trying to help me with it. Regardless of my meeting you, this would be my fate. We're just people that met in passing. I never expected to be saved from my life, and I'd never ask it either."

He stood up and pulled me against his chest. "That's the problem, Shalan. I was raised better than to turn my back on someone that needs help."

"Don't you dare ask me to go with you out of pity. I won't have you feeling sorry for me, not after last -"

His cell phone started ringing. It rang three times and stopped, but then started right up again. "Don't move. I'll be right back."

Noah picked up his phone with his back to me. "Yeah?"

"Dad, I ain't comin' home." He paused, probably listening to what his father was saying. "We discussed this the night I left. I don't want your life." Another pause. "How do you know where I am?" I could hear his father yelling from in the other room. His words weren't clear, but it was very obvious. "Tell Mom I'm fine. I'm sure you'll figure somethin' out when I don't show up. I'm not a kid! Yeah you too, you ignorant prick."

He tossed the phone on the bed and sat down. I hopped off the sink and walked over to where he was standing. After running my hands through his wet hair, I pulled it back enough to kiss him on the lips.

Noah pulled away and looked at me in a weird way. His eyes were scary.

Suddenly, he hopped up and shoved me against the wall. His left hand had one of mine pinned above my head, while his right hand grabbed the skin of my pu**y and pulled. "I need this."

I let out a cry, wondering what was going to happen. To be honest, I was pretty freaked out. "Noah, please don't hurt me."

He shoved his lips on mine and then his tongue in my mouth. His kisses, once again ravenous with no tempo. Fingers plunged inside of me with force, over and over. His mouth separated from mine, but only to bite down on my collarbone. I cried out and felt my body being thrown onto the bed. Those eyes were the same, more black showing than the green. I crawled from one end of the bed to the other to distance us. He climbed on too. "Don't f**kin' run from me, Shalan."

"You're making me scared. I don't want you to hurt me."

He sighed and held out his hand, gritting his teeth while he spoke. "Come on, woman. You know what I want. Why don't you get over here and give it to me? Don't you want to practice with me, before you start that job dancin'?"

I wasn't going to take him treating me like that because he was pissed off. I had nothing to do with it. "Why are you acting so mean? I don't understand. What happened? Did your dad piss you off?"

"My dad won't control me. Nobody can."

"It was just a call. Calm down. I'm not sleeping with you right now, not when you're being ridiculous. We've got to get ready."

"The only f**kin' thing you need to be ready for is this." He motioned towards his crotch. "Now bend your ass over and give me what I want, or get the f**k out of my hotel room." He shook his head and started laughing. "Ain't this why you're here? Don't you want to work for money? It's why all the women want to be with me, Shalan. Nothin' changes." Instead of having me bend over and put my ass in the air, he turned me around so that I was lying on my back. "Let me teach you how they're goin' to treat you at the strip club." He positioned himself to where he could enter me as he continued speaking. I should have said no, but I was feeling so powerless, and utterly shocked that he'd treat me with such disrespect. I covered my br**sts with my arms and was prepared to protect my face, need be. Noah was acting as if he could inflict bodily harm and I was petrified. Tears started falling down my cheeks. I didn't know this man that was on top of me. "I'm going to teach you how to like it rough, woman. Say you like it. Tell me. Tell me you like bein' told what to do."

This side of him, this awful side, only showed me how messed up he was over whatever his father had said. I didn't know whether I pitied him or was completely upset with him. He was the stranger that I never should have ended up in bed with. I couldn't hold the pain of this mistake in any longer.

It took one look; one moment to meet my stare, for him to stop. "Shit." He reached for my hands and pulled me into a sitting position across from him. His head turned as he looked away, disappointed. "God damn it." When he looked back at me I could see that he was sorry. He pulled me into a hug and held me there, kissing the side of my head every few seconds, but never explaining what the hell had just happened, or the fact that he was still holding me. "Look at me, Shalan. Please."

I refused. "I thought you were going to hit me."

He kept his hold on me. "I'd never hurt you like that. Don't even say that."

"Noah, you practically slammed me into a wall and forced yourself on me. Just get off of me. I'll pack my things and leave, and then you won't have to see me ever again, because my life is none of your f**king business."

He wouldn't move.

I slapped his arms, trying to free myself. "Let go of me, Noah. I'm not kidding."

"I said I was sorry."

"For which part? You're sorry for scaring me, or for telling me that I'm the same as a common whore?" I was devastated, especially after feeling like something was developing between us. He was wrong about accusing me of being that kind of woman. I'd never sell my body for money, not to mention that he'd made a comment about me using him like all the other women he'd been with.

"You don't get it. You never could." He scrunched up his face, but still didn't move from above me. "My dad makes me so mad. It makes me say things I don't mean. I take my anger out on the people around me. I meant nothin' by it. I don't think of you that way, I swear. I'd never hurt a woman, especially you, Shalan. You've got to believe me. I don't want you to leave." The feeling in the room changed just as fast as it had before, but not soon enough for me to feel any better. In a matter of seconds everything I'd felt for Noah was destroyed. He was just like every other man, and it made me sick.

It took all my might, but I managed to push him off of me. I slid off the bed and ran into the bathroom, closing the door before he could get to it. "It's too late. I'm not into forgiving people. They'll just end up hurting me again anyway."

The room suddenly became quiet. I stood on the other side of the door and listened for his reply. After a couple minutes I heard the door to the hall open and close. Quietly I opened the door to find Noah gone.

Without getting dressed I sat down on the edge of the bed and started to bawl. He wasn't my Prince Charming after all, because there wasn't such a thing.

Since I didn't have much to choose from, I pulled on a pair of jeans and a tight top that I'd purchased between the second-hand store and Walmart. Two times I went out into the hallway and looked for Noah. He hadn't called, not that I even knew his number anyway.

By the time I heard him come in I'd just finished putting on my makeup. My hair was styled and I was actually ready to walk out the door to go to the gig without him. From the moment I saw his face I could tell he was broken up about what had happened. As much as I wanted to run right into those strong arms, I knew I couldn't.

In his hands were bags, and one of them smelled delicious. "I know you're mad at me. I was a dick. If you want me to get my own room, I will, but I don't want you to leave. I know how important singin' is to you. I grabbed this food, because I thought you might be hungry. Also, I picked you up something for you to wear tonight."

He handed me the bags, but kept standing as if he was going to leave if I asked him to. I pulled out Italian food, enough for four people and sat it on the small table in our room. After motioning for him to sit in the chair across from me, I looked in the other smaller bag.

There had been this dress that I noticed in a window of a store outside of our hotel. It wasn't glitzy like the one I'd worn the night before. This one was all sex. It was see-thru black everywhere except for the ass and crotch area. Obviously I'd have to wear a bra for the top, but it was definitely something unlike anything I'd ever worn in my life. Basically it was like I was wearing only a bikini out on the stage to perform.

I held the small amount of fabric in my hands and looked at him. "Peace offering?"

He took a bite of bread. "Is it helpin' at all?"

"You can't just buy people things when you piss them off. In order to be forgiven you need to prove that what you did wasn't meant. As much as I appreciate the dress and even dinner, I'd rather know that you won't ever treat me like that again. Noah, you went psycho and I didn't like it at all. I don't sleep with strangers, so being with you went against all of the rules I had made for myself. I thought you were sweet, and you made me feel safe. Right now, I don't think I'll ever feel that way about you again. I hope you can accept that."

He nodded, but seemed defeated. "Yeah, I get it."

"What did your dad say to make you so mad?" I was so curious as to what caused him to freak out. More importantly, why had he taken it out on me?

"He said that if I don't come home in three days he's takin' my name off of the business completely, throwin' all my belongin's in the dumpster, and forbiddin' me to come back to the ranch. He said that if I don't come home, I'm not a part of the family anymore and I ain't welcome. He claims that the ranch is my birthright, and that I never had a choice."

Noah had told me all about his struggles to live his own life and find his future without his parent's guidance. I knew that he'd been dealt an ultimatum he wasn't prepared to handle. If he didn't go home, he'd lose everything.

In the big picture I was nothing. No wonder he thought he could take out his anger on me. Still, it didn't change the fact that I'd been scared of him, even if it were only for a few minutes out of the whole time I'd known him.

"What are you going to do?"

He looked down at his plate. "Hell if I know."

We ate in silence, neither of us really having much to say to each other. I was still mad, and he was literally too messed up to have a rational discussion.

I put my new dress on and walked out of the bathroom just moments before we were due down stairs. Noah smiled, letting me know that I looked hot in it, but I didn't allow him to see my amusement in catching his attention. What had happened between us was going to help me say goodbye to him, and I was okay with it.

So I thought.

Noah

I really messed up. Leave it to me to take out my anger on Shalan, who hadn't done a damn thing to deserve it. I think what bothered me the most was knowing that when she looked at me there was fear in her eyes.

I realized that I didn't owe her anything. Soon we'd part ways and she'd forget all about our time together.

Still, I couldn't help but try to convince her that my actions weren't how I acted normally. Leave it to my dad to get to me even when I wasn't anywhere near him. Shalan looked beautiful in the dress. Let me rephrase that, she looked appetizing, and I didn't want to let her leave the room. I think it was that exact moment where I started to feel protective over her. I didn't want anyone seeing her the way I did. I knew they'd be eyeing her up, imagining what it would be like to be inside of her. She stood by the door and put her hands on her hips. "Are you sure I look good?"

I got this vibe from her question like she was asking because she knew she looked hot. How could she not? The woman was exquisite.

"You know the answer already. Does my opinion matter?"

She smiled. "Maybe."

I approached her, breaking the small distance between us. I looked down, directly into her eyes. "I should have never bought you this dress."

"Why? You said I looked good."

"Because I don't want anyone seein' you in it."

"You're not making any sense."

I licked my lips. I couldn't help it, being so close to her and not doing anything. I placed my hands on her shoulders and noticed immediately that she didn't pull away from me. "The way you look right now should be a crime. I may have bought you that dress, but I definitely have a problem with you wearin' it."

"I don't understand. Illegal? What are you talking about?"

"Damn it, woman." I paused and shook my head. "Never mind."

I turned, attempting to walk away and bite my tongue about the way she was making me feel. After all, I had no right to tell her what to do. She liked the dress and I'd bought it for her. End of discussion.

Shalan grabbed my arm and made me turn back around. "Why can't you say what you mean?"

"Because my opinion doesn't matter. Why would it? We're just friends, if that. Right?"

Her expression went from curious to disappointed, and I couldn't figure out why. What kind of woman would want a man that she barely knew to boss her around? "Yeah. Your right. Just keep your thoughts to yourself next time." Shalan grabbed her purse and went out of the room, leaving me standing there alone.

I ran after her, making it to the elevators just in time to catch a ride with her. "Will you hold up? We're both goin' to the same place."

"I don't want to be late." She hit the button for the lower floor and the elevator doors closed. "Besides, I figured you need to change or something before you came down."

I walked over to the corner she was standing in and pressed my body against hers. Our eyes met and her lips parted. There was no hesitation as I planted a long awaited kiss over her lips. I kept my eyes open until hers closed. At first she didn't respond to me, but after two attempts she allowed my tongue access to her own. I held the sides of her cheek while she reached up and grabbed the collar to my shirt, pulling me into the kiss more.

We only broke apart when the elevator doors opened and it was time to get out. Shalan said nothing as I grabbed her hand and led her toward the lounge area. This was going to be our second night performing, and I felt like we had done a great job the night before.

Of course my mind wasn't on performing on stage with Shalan, it was what we could do after the show was over. Before we walked inside, I pulled her by the hand and led her to a corner where I could talk to her in private. "Listen to me. I know you're mad. You've got every right to be. There's just somethin' I want you to know before we go in there tonight."

She seemed interested enough in knowing what it was. "Okay."

"No matter how pissed you are, or what you might be thinkin', I want you to come back to the room with me tonight, Shalan."

"Where else am I going to go?" If she thought nobody was going to approach her in that outfit she was blind and pretty naive.

"Just say you'll be with me tonight, even if it ain't in my bed."

We were still holding hands and Shalan looked down at them as she spoke. "I have nowhere else to go, Noah."

"That's not really what I mean. Suppose someone hits on you. What will you do then?"

She pulled away and got this nasty look on her face. "Obviously you haven't listened to a word I said, Noah. I get that I slept with you without knowing you for a while, but I don't sleep with strangers. I can assure you that I'll be back in the room with you tonight, sleeping in the other queen bed."

I rolled my eyes and walked away, knowing that I'd pissed her off again and it was only a matter of time before we were having words and she'd be telling me she hated me. It wasn't the time or place for either and I didn't really like the idea of drawing more attention to how hot she looked in the dress.

Like the night before, we met the band members inside and started our first set a little while after setting up. Shalan was determined to get through the whole night without looking at me, or even saying anything directly to me. She sang her songs as beautiful as ever, giving me those familiar chills down my spine each time.

I sat on the stool next to her, harmonizing the melody, matching her keys, and trying my best to gain her attention. Unfortunately, the only people getting that were the slew of people in the audience watching her perform. At the end of each song she got cheers, and I knew damn-well they weren't for me. In between sets we all went out for air and drinks. Like the night before, the band stuck together, having a few smokes and mingling amongst themselves. Shalan and I stood off to the side, completely alone. She had her arms crossed over her chest and wouldn't look in my direction. I moved closer to taunt her, but noticed a couple approaching us quickly. The man, dressed more high class than I was used to seeing at home, held out his hand for me to shake. "I'm Tony Mangalo, and this is my wife Shelly. We have dinner here once a week and noticed that the usual band had some new members, and I've got to tell you," he turned and directed his next words to Shalan. "You have a set of pipes that shouldn't be ignored, and your friend here isn't so bad himself. The band members told us to talk to you tonight, if we were still interested. I had to call and make sure it was alright with them to approach you first, since we're not looking for a whole group. We like to find our own band for our singers and find it works best on a more professional level." His wife reached into her small handbag and pulled out a card. "This is our company," she started explaining. "We record and produce music. You may have heard of us. If not, you can go on the website listed and see all of the people we've worked with, or are still working with. Are you two a couple? Do you do this act together?"

Shalan and I looked at one another, and I think we were both wondering the same thing. Was this really happening. Were we being approached by a record producer after two nights of filling in at a hotel lounge?

"Yes," I answered, feeling protective of Shalan. The music business could be harsh and I felt a strong pull to protect her.

"We sing together, and are just friends, is what he means. We aren't a couple." It was a low blow to my ego and punch to my balls, but I understood why she'd said it. Shalan wanted to be able to have a future, with or without me. It was only natural for her to let them know that she had no ties to me, but for some reason it hurt hearing it.

The gentleman replied, "I think what my wife is trying to ask is if you'd be interested in coming in and letting us work with those voices. I can't make any promises, but I've got some big clients that would love to have you on their team, even if things didn't work out with the two of you together, which I'm pretty positive that I can make something happen." They both had New York accents, wore lots of jewelry, and had styled their hair with a ton of hairspray. I wanted to laugh when I took in their fancy appearances, and then thought about what I wore to work everyday.

Shalan started jumping up and down, forgetting the dress that she'd pulled off wearing up until that moment. She put her hands over her mouth, as if she was at a loss for words, but then started speaking. "We'll do it, won't we, Noah?"

I nodded. "Yeah, I reckon we can check it out." I grabbed her and started pulling her to the side. "Darlin', can I talk to you for a minute?"

I motioned to the couple as I pulled Shalan away enough to talk without them hearing. "I know this is a big break for you, but I can't commit to somethin' like that, not when all hell is about to reign down on me at home. This could be the answer to all your prayers. If it's legitimate, I think you should go for it without me. You and I both know you can sing your heart out whether I'm around or not. Go in there and sing them that song you wrote for your mom. They'll have you on the radio before you know it."

"Will you at least go with me? Come on, Noah. Say you will. Please." She put her hands up like she was praying.

I kissed the top of her head, knowing that I wasn't about to leave her side. "Yeah, I'll be there, darlin'."

She ran over and started talking to the couple again herself, setting up a good time to meet at their studio. While she was busy I turned on my phone and checked for a signal before dialing my cousin, Bella's number. I'd tried to call her when I was out getting the dress and food for Shalan, but she still wasn't answering. I got that she was mad at me, but she would usually send me a text letting me know I was an ass**le, and that we could talk once she was over it. This time felt different and I didn't like it. When her voicemail answered I hung up without leaving a message.

That's when I noticed I had missed text messages that were starting to come through.

Call me when you can. Dad said you talked today. I just want to know when you'll be home. - Mom

I stopped by your house today, but you weren't there. I miss you. We need to talk. - Perry

I heard you were in New York. Can you stop by Tiffany's and get me this pair of sunglasses? I will pay you when you get home. - Addy (There was a picture attached)

I rolled my eyes and laughed, knowing how my sister was.

Noah, please call me. I have to tell you something. - Perry

Shalan had come up on me without me realizing. I quickly turned off my phone without replying to anyone and stuck it back in my pocket. The first thing I noticed was that the couple had already gone back inside, leaving the two of us alone in the alley. "So, what did they say?"

"They want us to come in at one tomorrow afternoon. I don't know why you walked away. They were asking if you weren't interested at all."

One of the band guys opened the back door and peeked out. "It's time to start again, you two."

"Alright, we're coming."

Shalan shot me another look. "We'll talk about this after the show."

I grabbed her arm before she could go inside. "You and I both know I've got to go home, Shalan. I'm goin' to be there for you tomorrow, but it will also be because I'm tellin' them that I'm not interested. This is all for you, not me. This is your dream."

She shoved me. "You say you want to find your own way, but you're running right back home, Noah. I thought you were a brave man when I met you, but now all I see is a coward with a bunch of issues. Just go home to your family where you obviously belong. There's nothing here for you anyway."

That was a low blow. More than anything I wanted to make my own future. Now I had this chick, that not only drove me crazy, but seemed to know me better than I was able to know myself at the moment.

She left me outside for a few seconds alone, before I walked back in to join her. As much as I wanted to say she was wrong, I knew she wasn't.

Noah

It would have been nice if my night turned out like the one before it, with Shalan in my bed and not a care in the world. The crowd may not have noticed it, but Shalan was rushing through her performance. Her excitement for the next day was quite apparent. After we were done, she hugged the band members for giving her the opportunity, even though she knew she'd see them again the next day. Surprisingly enough she waited for me to walk back up to our room.

I'd been so focused on the chance for her to be able to make her dream come true that I forgot to think about how f**king sexy she looked in her dress. It wasn't until we were back in the elevator that I took in her slender, but yet curvy body. I clenched my jaw and remembered the way her skin felt to touch, and the way she tasted when I was between her legs.

Shalan checked her phone and looked up at me. "What's wrong with you, tonight? You've been weird ever since we met that couple."

I ran my hands through my hair and thought about what I should say to her. "You're lucky. You don't have nothin' holdin' you back, Shalan. I do. I can stand here and tell you that my family doesn't matter, but it would be a lie." The doors opened to our floor and we started walking toward the room. "I can go with you tomorrow, but there ain't no way I'm puttin' myself out there for somethin' else."

I unlocked the door and let her walk inside first. She kept standing, waiting for me to close the door behind me. "So you're just going to give up on what you want? You're going to settle for a life that you don't want?" She leaned against the dresser, while I sat down on the bed facing her. "I just don't understand how you can be so selfless. It's very commendable. I'll give you that. I just don't understand how you can live out your whole life for the benefit of everyone besides yourself. One would think that you'd at least want to try something else before you settled."

I placed my hands on my knees and looked up at her. "How do you even know there's somethin' out there that's better? Maybe this is all I'm good at?" This was my decision, not hers.

"I've heard your voice. Don't tell me that there's no talent there, Noah. Have you even considered how good we could be together? I just know I wouldn't even be here right now if it wasn't for you. It seems unfair that I'd take this chance without you."

"You need to. You said this is what you've always wanted."

She walked closer to me, breaking the distance between us, and making it hard for me to concentrate on anything other than her body; and too close to not want to touch. "Don't make me beg, Noah." Shalan took her finger and raised my chin, obviously seeing that I was focused on her chest. "Please."

In those beautiful eyes I saw fear, and I hated that I was considering leaving her all alone in the big city that she wasn't familiar with. Still, I had to think about my family, and the fact that they'd have my back for the rest of my life, which was something that someone I just met couldn't guarantee. In the end my decision had to be the right one for me. I wasn't willing to run off on some whim to try and make it big singing, after two nights of filling in for someone. Shalan had a real chance at making it big. I couldn't remember the last time I'd ever heard a more beautiful voice.

When I didn't answer she moved back a couple steps and turned around. "While you're thinking, can you help me out of this dress? The zipper is difficult."

While my hand started pulling down the zipper, I couldn't help but to look at the skin that was there underneath of the sheer fabric. I moved her hair to the side and leaned down to kiss the back of her neck. Shalan leaned to the side, allowing me even more room for my lips to explore.

The moment my tongue made contact with her sultry skin I knew I was in trouble. The urge for more was apparent as a jolt from my dick reminded me what it wanted. Shalan turned around, wrapping her arms around my neck, and leaning up to place her lips against mine. Kissing her wasn't like any other women I'd messed around with. Something about her made the experience toxic for me. I knew that she was seducing me with her silky skin and sexy eyes, and so did she.

There's only so much a man can take before he loses himself. There's an extent we get to where we know when to walk away. I was crossing that line with Shalan, and I wanted to keep on going. She wasn't a stranger any longer, which meant that she was becoming something else to me; something more.

I'd left Kentucky to find my place, and instead found her. I knew I had to go home, but the mere thought of walking away from such a woman was making me go crazy.

Our kissing became intense, both of us knowing where it was leading. Her dress fell to the floor, leaving me with only black panties and a bra to remove. Shalan tugged on the edge of my shirt and lifted it up to where I could pull it easily over my head. In between kisses, I fought with her bra until finally freeing her br**sts from it. She backed away and leaned on the dresser, motioning for me to come closer. I did as I was ordered and was swiftly flipped around and shoved against the piece of furniture. Shalan dropped to her knees and began tugging down my jeans. Once she had them down to my ankles I stepped out of them. With no warning she pulled the elastic of my boxers and freed my cock. The erection that faced her caused her to lick her lips. I licked mine knowing that she was about to suck me off. Instead, she ran her hands up my thighs until they wouldn't go any higher. The back of her hand rubbed over my balls, soft enough where I could barely feel it. I felt her tongue rolling over the inside of my left leg. She lapped over the other side, focusing on only what she was doing. Her eyes came up to meet my c**k and I watched how focused she was on the tip. She pretended to lick it, not once but three times. I jerked it, causing a smile to cross over her face. I dug into her dark hair and yanked her back away from her next attempt to lick my skin. "Stop playin' around, darlin'."

"I can do what I want, darlin'," she mocked me, reaching in for another attempt.

Someone knocking on the door broke our focus. I walked over to the door wearing nothing, and not really caring who it was. No one was going to screw up my night.

A hotel employee stood on the other side. "Excuse the intrusion sir. I was told to deliver this to your room tonight." He started to push a cart with champagne and two glasses in the room. I grabbed the thing away from him and maneuvered my body behind the door. "I got this, man. Hang on, I'll get you a tip."

All of a sudden the guy turned crimson red and stared at something behind me. Shalan had gotten up and started to walk to the bathroom as the cart was being wheeled in. She couldn't have known that the door would open so far, especially since I wasn't dressed. Just as quick as she'd appeared, I watched her vanish. The kid backed away from the door and put up his hands. "Don't worry about it, sir. Have a good night." I couldn't help but notice a smile across his face when he turned to walk away.

Shalan came out of the bathroom just as I wheeled in the cart. She picked up the card and read it, while I focused on nothing but her naked body. "It's from the guys. They said congratulations, and that we better drink the whole bottle because it cost them a ton."

I started laughing and picked up the bottle of champagne, opening it easily. Shalan sat down on the bed with her hands folded in her lap. The bubbly drink started pouring out of the top and I slurped it up enough to where it wouldn't fall to the floor. Shalan giggled and I turned my attention back to her. Instead of using a glass, I put the bottle to her lips and lifted it to allow an easy sip. She licked her lips as I pulled it away. "I guess everyone wants us to celebrate."

I sat down next to her and took another drink, all the while knowing I wasn't being classy, whatsoever. "Seems so. It all just seems so unreal to me. I haven't wanted to do anything in the music business since I was a kid."

"You didn't tell me that. You wanted to be a singer?"

I chuckled and thought back to the moment I found out about my uncle. "Well, my uncle was in this band. It was pretty popular back in the day, and I thought nothin' was cooler. I even learned to play the guitar so I could be like him."

"Did he teach you?"

I shook my head. "Nah. My dad did. It was something we used to do on the porch of our house after dinner. I haven't played for a long time."

"Why? Where is your uncle now?"

I didn't want to tell her. For better words, I couldn't bring myself to. "It doesn't matter. He used me for a publicity stunt and ruined a chance of ever bein' somethin' to me. He got into drugs, and alcohol, lost his wife, and any chance of ever livin' a normal life. The business did that to him. I've hated him ever since, but I know being famous was the real culprit." I paused for a moment and took another sip of champagne. "Besides, it was when my mom was sick. We've all tried to put that part of our lives behind us."

Shalan leaned her head on me. "So, that's why you don't care whether you're a part of this or not? You think that fame will make you like him?"

I shrugged. "Maybe. I just know it ain't somethin' I'll like doin'. I know I walked away from the ranch, but that don't mean I won't want to settle down one day. I don't want to be in some kind of spotlight. I just want to make my own decisions. Does that make sense?"

"All I've ever wanted to be was a famous singer. I think I wanted it because I never thought it was going to happen. Who would have thought that running away from a crime would land me here, with this opportunity," she turned and faced me. "And with you, Noah."

I could feel our connection, so I knew exactly what she was talking about. Though it had come by surprise, with both of us getting out of relationships, there was definitely something happening between us. I moved in and kissed her slowly on the lips, slowly allowing it to intensify as we sat there. When I pulled away her eyes remain closed. "Does this mean you forgive me for losin' my shit earlier?"

Her lips answered when she reached in for another kiss. "Maybe."

"I gotta tell ya, darlin', it's gettin' real hard to sit here and have this conversation, when all I want to do is be inside of you."

She backed up on the bed and let her arms fall over her head. I had a full view of that body and I couldn't decide where to start.

Shalan

I couldn't hold my excitement in.

How many people run away from something horrible and fall into their dream situation? I didn't want to jump the gun, but I'd been given a real chance at something that I'd wanted my whole life. Noah was the reason for it all, and I couldn't stay angry with him for his earlier rant.

The truth was that I already cared more for him than I should, more than I thought possible after only a few days.

It was possible that my attraction was out of thanks. I mean, he'd saved my ass, brought me to this wonderful place, where we'd been given this opportunity. It could have been all of those things. Still, when we were alone, something else was there.

I lusted for him, felt jealous when other women looked at him, and was drawn to him every way possible.

Champagne.

I'd never really been a fan until I watched it saturate Noah's lips. Somehow, he'd made it less nasty to taste, almost like it was liquid sex, filling me with confidence to give him a night he'd always remember.

I wasn't trying to seduce him into staying, and if it seemed that way, I didn't mean it. Noah was a grown man, who'd obviously carried an opinion about the music industry for a long time. Since I had to appreciate his feelings in the matter, the only thing left to do was satiate each other with what we did best together.

Sex.

Noah brought the bottle to my lips again, filling my mouth with the bubbling concoction. He kissed me, using his slow moving tongue to get a rise out of me. "Lay down, darlin'."

I followed his direction, lying on my back, but never taking my eyes off of his. Butterflies traveled from the tips of my hardened ni**les to my toes, centralizing right between my legs. I gasped when I felt the chilled liquid being poured into my belly button.

Noah reached down and slurped it out, lapping up the residual amount that had run over onto my sides.

The champagne was cold, which in turn made my pu**y become hotter. It was crying for attention and Noah was about to take care of that dilemma. He took the outside of the bottle and rubbed it between my legs over my sex. The freezing cold glass made me jump when it hit my sensitive skin. I took a deep, shocking breath and looked down at what he was doing. A smile formed across his face while he played with the tip of the bottle, as if he were going to stick it inside of me. "Don't." It was freaking me out.

He chuckled. "Darlin', I won't hurt you. Close your eyes and relax."

"Don't you dare stick that bottle inside of me. I will kick the shit out of you."

I put one of my feet onto his shoulder. The bottle moved away from my pu**y as one of his hands grabbed ahold of my leg. He tickled my ankle with his stubby face before kissing it. Then he made his way up to my calves. I took my other foot and ran it underneath his balls, letting him know two could tease.

His hand pressed firmly over my skin as it worked it's way to my inner thigh. I could sense his fingers so close to where I wanted them to be. My breathing intensified and I panted knowing it was about to be touched again.

Noah sat up and tilted the bottle, letting the champagne drip over my hot muff. The cold liquid caused me to jerk my body. Noah leaned down and licked it away. He moaned something as he did it, causing the sound to vibrate off of my skin. When he sat back up, I felt my lower folds being separated. He smiled and bit down on his lip while watching himself pour a few more drips in between my folds.

I felt so turned on that I reached up and began touching my br**sts, watching myself doing it.

While he focused on the lower part of my body, I massaged and gave the top equal attention. It didn't take him long to notice what I was doing. Within seconds he was all about watching me. I stopped what I was doing and arched my body. He brought the bottle to my lips, pouring out so much that it trickled down the front of my chest. Before I could complain for him to be more careful, he was licking from my stomach up, paying close attention to my ni**les that hadn't been exposed to champagne.

Obviously he liked what he was doing, because he took the bottle and poured it directly over one breast. With his whole mouth, he sucked on my tit. When he finally released his hold on my skin it was a darker color. I wanted him to do it again. Our lips met and I wrapped my arms around his neck. I wanted to be close to him, albeit he wanted to keep playing.

He pulled out of my hold and backed up enough to sit the bottle down. He then grabbed my legs and spread them apart, so far that I was almost doing a split. He got up on his knees perfectly positioned to enter me easily.

Except he didn't.

Noah slapped his c**k over my pu**y, making a clapping sound. Then he grabbed the bottle and poured it over his c**k in turn rubbing the liquid over my sex. I reached my hands up and dug into the pillows above my head, feeling like I was going to explode with desire.

I could feel my pu**y responding to every single action, but had no control of what happened next.

He held his c**k and spoke as he rubbed the wetness over my clit. I leaned up on my elbows and watched him touching me there. "I'm goin' to f**k you so good, woman."

I was ready. He could do whatever he wanted and I would have been okay with it. "Yes. Do it." I sucked on my bottom lip. "Show me."

He pulled away and laughed. "Nah, you're not ready enough."

I had no idea what he meant.

I was ready to beg.

Noah took that bottle and downed a good bit of it without stopping to breathe. He handed it to me and stood up off the bed, holding his hand out for me to take. "Stand up."

I did as I was told and got up. He was still too tall for my pu**y to be directly in his face, but it was certainly close. After taking the bottle and sitting it back down on the cart, he put both hands on my ass and cupped them. I could feel his little tug and my sex being shoved against his mouth.

Air.

I felt it being blown against my clitoris. The sensations traveled from my pu**y to my ni**les. Noah watched me, relentlessly, while touching my br**sts. I reached into my mouth and wet two fingers before running them over the brown of my hardened buds. His eyes became heavy as he watched.

My pu**y was still crying for attention, and he knew it. He reached between my folds and felt the result of his teasing. "This is what I want. You're so wet for me." He rubbed my clit with his thumb. "I'm goin' to f**k you so hard, Shalan."

Waves of anxious pleasure overwhelmed me. I was ready to lose it and we hadn't even begun. He buried his face into my hot, wet sex, causing me to cry out loudly. I felt my feet and body being lifted off the bed, but I couldn't hold my eyes open to be sure. The next thing I knew the hard dresser was pressing into my ass cheeks. Noah pulled away, only for a second so I could adjust. He stood up straight and got into position, slapping me with it again.

The tip of him sat where it needed to be. I wrapped my legs around his waist and reached for his neck. He pulled my hair from the back, giving him an ample view of my neck.

I could feel his teeth dragging up my skin, and the heat of his breath against it. He made his way to my mouth and devoured my lips with his. I could taste myself, which only turned me on more knowing where they'd been.

He reached up and pinched both of my ni**les with his fingernails while our tongues continued to mingle, finding a common pattern of movement.

He then entered me, shoving his thick shaft deep into the walls of my pu**y. I pulled away from his kiss to take a deep breath. He jerked inside of me harder, reaching for my lips again. I didn't fight him, instead feeling completely lost in what was happening. I was too turned on to fight with the size of him. I needed this to be happening.

Noah started grinding into me harder, slamming the dresser against the wall to the next room. He got into a pace, and the knocking sound was quite obvious of what we were doing. I knew the people in the next room could hear us, and it turned me on.

I cried out, "Don't stop. Harder," all while trying to catch my breath.

Noah kept pinching me, so hard that I swore he was breaking the skin on my ni**les. The more he did it, the better I liked it. I started bucking my body against his. The moment I heard his manly moans I about lost it. Just hearing him react to how good it felt sent shivers down my spine, and heat everywhere else. Our lips kept meeting in rough kisses where our teeth clanked together. I reached my hands underneath Noah's arms and dug my fingers into the skin on his shoulders, while feeling his teeth biting on one of my ears. The warm air filled the canal, giving me goose-bumps. I cried out and lost myself. The sheer pressure and speed of what he was doing was too much to withstand. My body lost all control and my toes curled. He knew I was in my own frenzy, but kept going, possibly even faster. The slapping, the banging on the wall, and the way it felt to be f**ked so hard was more than I could handle. I screamed as waves of pleasure showered me.

Noah followed behind, finally tightening up and leaning his head against mine as he caught his own breath. Our lips met in a slow kiss that felt more filled with emotion than the whole encounter. While he began to relax, my body trembled beneath his. I'd never had orgasms like he'd given me, and my body didn't know how to react to them.

Noah carried me over to the bed, just as the phone to our room started ringing. He sat me down before picking it up. "Hello?"

"It won't happen again."

He hung up and fell onto the bed next to me, not even addressing the call.

I sat up and ran my fingers over his skin. "What was that about?"

He wiped his face with his hands and turned to face me. Like mine, his fingers traveled over the tips of my breast. "Apparently our neighbors want to get some sleep."

I smiled and leaned in to feel his lips on mine. "Oops."

"Don't regret it, Shalan." He took my hand and kissed my fingertips, one at a time. "I could get used to havin' you in my bed."

"So don't leave. Stay here with me. Ride this wave with me. Let's see how far we can get together."

"You and I both know they don't want me. They want you."

"I'll make sure that we're a package deal." I knew we had so much to learn about each other, and that I wanted to have the time to see where we could go. Even with his temper, Noah was the best man I'd ever known. I hated the idea of doing all of this without him, even when I'd always done it before. If being with him felt so natural, I could only imagine how amazing we could be with time under our belt. "I'm not asking you for your hand in marriage, Noah. I'm asking you to see where we could get if we went into this business together."

"It's not that easy, you know, leavin' my family. I thought it would be when I left. Now I'm wonderin' if they're all right. What if I'm meant to be a rancher for the rest of my life? Shalan, my parents are happy with their lives. They want for nothin' and we don't have to worry about anything either. I just don't know if becomin' a singer is somethin' I could get used to. I'm just a country boy."

"We could be the next Sugarland or Thompson Square." I was pulling out names, in hopes that he would change his mind. "Please."

He had no reason to owe me anything. All along I knew we were two people in passing. I never expected anything more, until now.

Noah pulled me into his arms and held me there. I lifted one leg and let it fall over his. "We'll talk about it tomorrow, okay?"

I closed my eyes, feeling content with having him so close to me. "Okay."

It had to be, because there was nothing else I could do about it.

Noah

I woke up in the middle of the night to take a piss and noticed my phone was vibrating across the floor. It must have fallen out of my pocket when I'd taken off my jeans.

The number was familiar, so I walked into the bathroom to answer it. "Bells?"

"Noah," she was crying. "Where are you?"

"I'm in New York. Why? What's goin' on?" I was freaking out that something bad had happened to my grandmother or someone else in the family.

"We had a fight." She began to sob so hard I couldn't hear what she was saying.

"Bells, calm down. Are you home?"

"I can't go home like this, Noah. I can't let them see."

"See what?" Now I needed to know. I could feel my fists clenching before she even confirmed it.

"They can't see my face. They'll call the police."

I wanted to raise my voice, but knew Shalan was sound asleep in the other room. "Where the f**k are you, Bells?"

"I'm in my car at the state line. I started to drive to Kentucky but didn't want the family to see me like this. I don't know what to do. He didn't mean it, Noah. I swear he didn't. I made him so mad at me. That's all. He just lost his temper. I went there to piss him off. He didn't know it was me. It's my fault."

"Send me your damn location. I'm leavin' now. It's goin' to take me a while to get to you. Is there a hotel you can stay in for the night? Does he know how to find you?"

She cried harder again. "No."

"Can he search your phone? Don't lie to me either." I was going to kill that mother f**ker for hurting her.

"I don't know."

"Send me the address of the hotel and the room number. Stay put and don't turn your damn phone back on after that. Do you hear me?"

"Please don't yell at me."

"I'm not yellin'." I couldn't or else I'd wake up Shalan. "Just do what I say for once."

She agreed and we hung up. When I walked back out into the room, I saw her lying there, so innocent and beautiful. Shalan wasn't some woman I'd picked up for a good time. We'd shared so much in such a little time.

When she woke and found me gone it would end anything we'd started. She'd never forgive me for abandoning her, and I didn't have time to explain how important my cousin was to me, or that I was the only person she could turn to. My family needed me, and it was at that moment when I knew where I had to be.

I gathered my things quietly, and wrote a note that I left on the small table in the room. She'd never forgive me, but at least I wouldn't have to see her face when she realized I wasn't coming back. Not only did I need to take care of Bells, but my dad had given me an ultimatum. As much as I didn't like the idea, I knew I was obligated to return to the ranch, and everything that came with it.

It took the valet around twenty minutes to find my truck and bring it out front, and in that time I swore she was going to come downstairs and find me. I think a part of me wanted her to. I longed to see that beautiful woman again, smiling and touching me in any way possible. I knew it was just an infatuation, but I liked her, probably more than I ever should have let myself.

Once I was on the road, I checked my phone, got the address from Bells text, and set my GPS. It was going to take me a good seven hours to get to where she was, and without a proper night's sleep it was going to take everything I had to stay awake.

I made it about four hours before I couldn't keep my eyes open any longer. Unfortunately, for the first time in her life, Bella had listened to what I'd told her and turned off her phone. Since I couldn't get a hold of her, I called the hotel that she'd gotten a room at. The phone rang four times after they'd patched me through to the number.

"Hello?"

"It's me. I need to stop and sleep for a bit. I'm dog tired and I can't make it without rest. You alright there until I get to you?"

"Yeah. I'm probably just going to sleep all day."

"Keep your phone off. If anyone calls from the family I'll let them know you're fine."

"Okay."

I started to hang up when I heard her talking. "Thank you, Noah. I know you're pissed at me."

"You're damn right I'm pissed. This shit has got to stop, and if you're not willin' to do somethin' about it, then I'm goin' to take matters into my own hands."

"Please don't."

"I'm takin' a nap at this rest stop. I'll be there later tonight. Stay put."

"Love you."

I sighed, unable to be mad enough to not say it back. "Yeah, love you too."

We hung up and I turned off my truck, leaving the windows cracked enough that a cool breeze would travel inside while I slept. After getting as comfortable as the truck would allow, I put my hat over my face and closed my eyes.

It would have been nice if I could think of other things aside from killing my cousins ex, or Shalan waking up to an empty hotel room. At least I'd left her with everything I had in my wallet, as well as the room paid for the rest of the week. I'd left my number, but knew she wouldn't bother calling. I'd let her down, money aside. She wouldn't have wanted it if I'd asked. In fact, I was pretty sure she'd hate me more for leaving it behind.

I woke a few hours later. The sun was bright coming in through the windshield. My mouth felt dry and my skin was sticky when I wiped it, reminding me of the champagne I'd consumed from Shalan's body. I stared at my phone, knowing damn well she'd found the note and my number that was written on it. If she was going to call and ream me out, she would have done it already.

She hated me.

It aggravated me so much that I knew I'd be able to begin driving again without falling asleep. I started on my way, blaring the music so loud to hide my own anger from myself.

Every song that played reminded me of Shalan. It didn't matter if it was Country, or Rock. The words came out of the speakers as if they were meant to hurt me. Then I heard the beginning of one of the songs she'd sang by Joplin. It was unusual to hear such an old song playing on the radio, so of course it was like someone was sending me a sign of my wrong-doing. I turned down the volume and beat on the dashboard, taking out my frustrations on the truck. I cursed and cut myself down, accepting that I'd made a huge mistake I could never take back.

Today was going to be the biggest day of her life, and I walked away. She'd begged me to be there and I'd given her my word.

I spent the rest of the day driving in silence, or listening to sports networks. By the time I pulled into the dilapidated hotel, I was exhausted and extremely irritated. I'd attempted to call Shalan twice and hung up before the hotel could ring to her room. There was no message I could leave for her that would make things good between us. She'd been abandoned again, and this time I was the culprit.

Not only had I cheated on my girlfriend with her sister, but now I'd taken an innocent girl and given her hope, only to leave her all alone after spending two nights taking away any trace of innocence she had left.

I didn't deserve to have a relationship, and neither did my cousin's ass**le boyfriend. Maybe in same ways we were the same.

I was already feeling punished, while his was going to come from the top of my fist, that I was certain of, even before I saw my cousin.

Nothing could have prepared me for how she looked. Sure, her face had time to swell up from the blows it had taken. She opened the door and looked away, ashamed of what I'd say. I grabbed her chin and forced her to look at me. Tears rolled down her cheeks and she fell against my chest. I held her there in my arms for a long time, letting her get a good cry in. She knew she was safe, and that as long as I was with her nothing would happen.

Her eye was swollen shut and the other was black all the way around. On that same side, her cheek was doubled in size. Purple and blue bruises covered it, from multiple blows hitting the same area.

"You're okay now, Bells."

She cried harder.

"When I find that f**ker, he's dead. I don't care if you never talk to me again. I'm goin' to break his f**kin' neck."

My cousin couldn't respond. She was too hurt both mentally and physically to take up for him any longer. After getting her to lay back down in bed, I sat down beside her and flipped through my phone.

It only took one ring for him to answer, and I didn't leave him time to ask questions. "Noah, -."

"I'll be home tomorrow mornin'. I'm takin' care of somethin' for Bells first and then she's comin' to stay with me for a while. I just wanted you to know before I did it."

My dad didn't argue. Maybe he could hear how serious I was, or that he valued my relationship with my cousin. "Is she alright, son?"

"She will be. Listen, I know you don't owe me any favors, and that we're goin' to have to talk when I get home, but I'd appreciate it if you didn't call her parents. Just let her tell them herself."

"It ain't my business. I'll tell your mother you'll be home for dinner."

I hung up before I even agreed to eating with them. After seeing my cousin's face, nothing mattered except getting her home. She needed to be comfortable and recover in the comfort of being in a familiar place, not in some shit-bag hotel room.

I checked my phone one more time for messages from Shalan, before I put my arm around Bells and closed my eyes. The two of us were pretty messed up. At least we'd be able to recover from our mistakes together, just like we did when we were kids. After all, if you don't have your family, who do you have?

My mind went straight to Shalan.

She was all alone.

She'd never know what a real family felt like.

I hated knowing that.

Shalan

I couldn't remember the last time I'd slept all the way through the night without waking up. Surely I thought it had to be because I was with Noah.

That's when I opened my eyes and saw that he wasn't in the room. I walked into the bathroom and noticed that his toothbrush was gone first. I then rushed back out into the room to discover that all of his things were gone.

I spotted the note on the table, but didn't rush over to read what it said. I knew he was gone, and I'd never felt so alone.

For a while I sat on the edge of the bed and stared at the piece of paper on the table. I didn't want to see his handwriting, and read the words that would definitely crush my soul. For some reason I'd thought of Noah as my protector, feeling that as long as he was with me, I'd be safe from anything bad happening.

Courage was something that I'd never been very good with. It took a lot of it to reach across that table and unfold the note. There was a wad of cash inside of it.

I traced my name that had been written in his handwriting.

The tears began.

Shalan,

The past few days have been great. I can't remember the last time I enjoyed someone's company as much as I've enjoyed being with you. You'll never know how much you being around helped me.

I know you're pissed at me for leaving without explaining. I had a good reason, but none of that is enough to make you understand that it was the right thing to do. I have a life back home, and I can't keep running away from it.

I'll never regret meeting you, and sharing my time with you. I'll never forget what it felt like to hear you sing for the first time, and every time after that. You're so beautiful and so damn talented. Big things are going to happen for you. I hope you know that.

I've paid for the room for the rest of the week, and left you money for any expenses you may encounter to get where you're going. Please don't be angry with me too long. I didn't leave because of you.

I know you won't call me right now, but I'm enclosing my number in hopes that we will see each other again.

One day I'm going to hear that voice of yours on the radio, and it's going to remind me of the way you felt when you were in my arms.

Don't take your talents for granted. You have nothing to worry about with the gift you hold.

Noah Mitchell

I folded the paper back up as I wept. Not even my ex-boyfriend had ever affected me like this. I don't know whether I felt more betrayed or abandoned. He'd promised to go with me, to stand by my side at my meeting, and instead he'd snuck out in the middle of the night, so he didn't have to tell me in person.

He was a coward, and if he thought for one single second I was going to call him, he was very mistaken.

Two hours later I picked myself up off the bed and showered. I knew my eyes were puffy, and that I wouldn't look good, even if I caked makeup all over my face. My heart was broken, because I'd opened it up to a complete stranger. Honestly, I don't know what I expected from him. He owed me nothing.

It wasn't like he'd left me a bill for everything he'd purchased for me. No, Noah had not only treated me to those three days, but he'd left with me enough to get by. I didn't know how I was going to do it, but I'd find a way to repay him, no matter how long it took me.

I'd never hailed a cab myself. While flailing my arms in the air, looking ridiculous, a handsome man in a business suit approached me. "Allow me." He whistled and waved one time. A cab pulled up and he held the door open for me.

"Thank you," I said with a smile.

"It was my pleasure." Even with his quick grin I got this creepy vibe from him, as if he just wanted to watch me bend over and climb in the cab. It was probably a good thing that the driver took off even before I could spat out an address.

Traffic was horrendous, forcing our drive to last a half hour instead of ten minutes. I was positive that I could have walked to the location faster than the ride took. After paying my fare, I climbed out and stared at the tall building. The business information was listed in the foyer and I took an elevator up to the level they were located on. Before walking inside I had to take a couple of breaths. I probably should have practiced while in the shower, but I was too distracted to stay focused.

A young blonde, looking to be my age sat at a large desk when I first walked inside. "Welcome. Do you have an appointment?"

I told her my name and was led into a huge conference room that overlooked the city. I suppose I should have sat down, but nerves were making it difficult to do anything that required thought.

The couple from the previous night came in, causing me to sit quickly. "Shalan. So glad you could meet with us today." Tony and Shelly both shook my hand as he greeted me.

Once we were done, I smiled and folded my hands together on the table. "Thanks for having me."

"Where's your partner?"

Even though I knew the question was coming, I couldn't have prepared how it affected me. I clenched my jaws together like Noah always did and answered with as much composure as I could conjure up. "He decided that he wasn't interested. He's got family drama back in Kentucky and knew he wouldn't be able to commit to something."

The secretary from before opened the door and let an older man inside. He shook hands with the couple and reached over to do the same to me. "My name is Howard Schwartz. I've heard so much about you in the last twenty-four hours that I decided to come across town and meet you myself."

I smiled, unable to say anything else.

"Shalan, I'm sure you already know why you're here. Mr. Schwartz happens to be one of our partners. When we find new talent, we always make sure he agrees with us before any ink is exchanged." The wife, Shelly, explained.

"Okay. What would you like me to do? Do I need to submit a demo or something?" I hadn't prepared myself for this meeting in any way. It also sucked that I was wearing jeans and a t-shirt when they were all three clearly in business attire.

The old man folded his hands together and smiled. I was pretty sure he had false teeth, because his lower jaw kept adjusting, as if he were holding something in his mouth. "Just stand up and sing something."

"Anything?"

"Anything is fine," he agreed.

I looked at the three of them before standing up. I kept my hands folded in front of me and closed my eyes, knowing that if I messed this up I'd be on the first bus home, to face possible jail time.

I was going to perform the song I'd written for my mother, but instead decided to sing the one that I'd made up on the car ride over. It seemed fitting after the day I'd had, and the way I was missing Noah. I also knew that I could sing it with emotion, and with meaning. It would pack a punch.

I started humming to get a good melody going to go off of. I'd never done a song like this before, not that I doubted my ability. With my eyes still closed, I pat on my leg to keep my rhythm and just let go.

"Our eyes met in vain,

and I knew nothing would ever be the same.

You took my breath away that night you asked me to stay.

It was lust then, just like it's lust now.

Give me one last try, give me one more goodbye.

Let me show you. Let me know you.

I'll make you feel it. I'll make you mean it.

That's the power of sex

It's the reason we're so wrecked."

I opened my eyes and looked at the three people staring back at me. The old man got up from his chair and whispered in the woman's ear. She nodded and they all three started clapping.

"You're even better than they explained. Did you write that?"

"Sort of. I made it up on the car ride here."

"Can you do it with an edge to it? I'd like to hear your range."

I tapped on my thigh and sang it again, this time with a more raspy edge. I sang the last bit with power, making sure he could hear how high and low I could get.

"Impressive." He motioned for me to sit back down. "Okay, sweetheart, this is what I'm prepared to offer you, just based on that." He slid over a contract and I almost felt like I was going to pass out. "Now, this is just a temporary agreement stating that you can't sign with anyone else while we are drawing up the final paperwork. That just means that we will represent you solely."

He flipped the page and pointed to another document. "I'm not sure where you're from, but this is typically the schedule you will have for the first year. As you can see, we'll start you out on tour with another musician that we rep. This will allow you to work with our voice coaches, get familiar with the business, and also be making cash while we're preparing you for the recording studio." He pointed to a list of steps. "As you can see here it isn't just walking into a business, singing a couple of songs and being on the radio. We work with several companies that provide us with prewritten music. I can tell that you are capable of writing your own material. For right now I'm going to ask that you stick with what we have until you can familiarize yourself with the business. Once we've got a couple singles under your belt, we can talk about those songs."

I smiled to acknowledge that I was following him.

"It's going to take about a week for the final paperwork to get drawn up. Take that time to gather the items you will need from your home to bring here. We own a few apartments that we provide for our musicians to live out of while they are starting out. You'll have your own space, as long as you follow the rules. These apartments are for our new artists during their probationary period the first six months. You'll have daily voice classes, a personal trainer, and also a dietician. All of these are required as stated on the contract. Tour weeks are normally five to seven days. During that time you'll be on the road. Are you able to do that?"

I nodded. "I have nothing to go home to." It was pathetic and not meant to make them feel sorry for me.

"That's very unfortunate, but I can tell you from experience that you've just gained yourself a very large family, my dear."

"I will work hard. I promise. It's all I've ever wanted to do."

He nodded. "If you sign these papers we can go ahead and do the background check, and have you sent off for the physical. We need the people we represent to be healthy and not in any kind of trouble."

I held my smile, knowing that if there were charges against me, all of this would have been for nothing. "I understand."

"This is a long process and you're going to have to be willing to work for it."

"I will take whatever I can get. I'll start at the very bottom." I was rambling and they knew it. I must have sounded like every other desperate musician that walked in their door.

I suppose I should have paid for a lawyer, or someone to read over the contract, but I knew no one with that kind of background that I could trust. Besides, having nothing to start with meant I had nothing to lose.

I signed on the dotted line, on the line that was going to change my life forever.

Riding back to the hotel in the cab to get my things was empowering. My dreams were coming true and I had one person to thank. My only problem was finding all of the words that I wanted to say to him and bringing myself to actually do it.

All I knew was that, at some point, I was going to find a way to see him again.

Noah

My cousin Isabella didn't like to be told what to do. A lot like her mother, my aunt, she thought she knew everything, and also what was best for everyone. Sometimes I valued her opinions, because I knew she'd tell it to me straight. This, however, was not one of those times.

My cousin was beaten badly, and it was taking every ounce of self-control to not find the bastard that did this to her and make him pay for what he'd done. Surely anyone in their right mind would want justice after seeing her in the condition she was in.

I slept for only a little while, having too much on my mind to be able to relax completely. Not only was I worried about my family, but there was a little woman out there in a big city, all alone because of me. I hated knowing that.

It occurred to me when I left New York that I should have retrieved her number off of my phone, to ensure that I could talk to her again.

Since I knew she was singing with the band again, I gathered that I could reach her at the restaurant later in the evening.

Bells woke up in pain, not that I was surprised. Her face looked even worse, if that was even possible. "Hey. How long was I asleep?"

"A few hours. You need your rest." I ran the back of my hand over her cheek. "We need to talk, Bells."

She got up and walked into the bathroom. "Yeah, I know. Just let me pee in peace first."

I heard the toilet flush and her come back into the room. She sat at the little round table near the window and brought her knees to her chest. "What were you doin' in New York. You don't even like that city."

"It was the last place they'd look, so I thought."

She laughed. "Who found you?"

"Gram. Well, she didn't call me. I called her to check in and she told me she knew where I was. That's the shit that pisses me off the most. This family has their f**kin' hands in everything. We get no privacy."

"Bitch much. Jesus, Noah, you act like you were trying to wine and dine a woman and got cock-blocked."

I lowered my head and wiped my face with my hands. The mere mention of Shalan and I was becoming unhinged.

Bells sat up. "Who was she? You better tell me. I tell you everything, so start talkin'."

I fell back onto the bed and laughed. "It's nothin'."

Bells jumped off the chair and collided into me on the bed. She cuddled her head up next to my arm and gave me a sad face. "Please tell me. I need to hear about something hot and fun."

I laughed, knowing Shalan was both of those things. "We met the night I left Kentucky. She was workin' at some bar off of the beaten path a bit. She was my waitress, and I guess bartender too, since she was the only one there at the end. Anyway, first she took my keys, because I'd had too many shots. Then her car wouldn't start, so we were stuck ridin' together. Actually, let me rephrase that. She found my keys that she'd thrown into a field and proceeded to drive my truck. We're halfway to where she needs to get dropped off and she sees her f**kin' boyfriend and her best girlfriend gettin' it on in a parking lot. This crazy cat jumps out of my truck and proceeds to steal his car, while he's indisposed. Then she drives it into a pond and runs from the scene."

Bells started to laugh. "I'm sure you're leavin' out details, but can I ask what this has to do with New York, or that smile you got on your face the moment I mentioned a woman." She nestled herself up next to me and waited for my reply. I had to admit, knowing she was safe made me happy.

"Bells, she's beautiful. I knew it even when she had a ball cap on when I first laid eyes on her. She's got real dark hair, that's almost down to her ass. It curls up at the ends when it starts to dry." I had to close my eyes for a second, because my mind went straight to being naked with her in the shower. Since I was hanging out with my cousin, I certainly didn't want to get aroused. That would be disgusting and very weird.

"Anyway, she's got these bright blue eyes that you can't stop lookin' at. Did I mention her body? She's just a petite little thing, with curves in all the right places."

Bells rolled over and stretched her arms above her head. "You're describing your perfect woman, Noah. She sounds too good to be true, if you ask me. Are you sure the liquor wasn't makin' you see somethin' that wasn't there?"

Bells propped herself up on her elbow and watched me turn to face her. "She was real, cuz. That's not even the best part."

"Did you steal a horse and rescue her from an old time jail with a skeleton key that you stole from the sleeping deputy?" Her sarcasm was annoying, but creative.

"No. She never went to jail."

"If I were her boyfriend, I would have pressed charges, even if I was a cheatin' douche."

"Well, we don't know if he did, how's that?"

"Don't tell me you fled with a criminal."

"She's not a criminal. She's a nice girl, who's had it f**kin' bad, Bells. Her mom died of cancer and -."

She put her hands up. "Say no more. That right there is why you're connected to her, and don't try to deny it."

I laughed. "It's more than that. I know what you're thinkin' and you're wrong. It's not just the cancer thing. I like her. She's a little spitfire, and her voice is the prettiest thing I've ever heard."

"So she has a sexy voice? You mean she talks sexy all the time?" My cousin would think that.

I flipped a strand of her blonde hair. "Such an airhead."

"Shut up."

"No, she doesn't talk sexy to me. I meant she can sing. You should have heard her. She's f**kin' awesome."

Bells smacked me hard on the chest. "Did she sing for you before or after you took her to New York and got her into bed?"

We both laughed. Okay, in my defense I didn't have a good track record. I was too busy for relationships, and besides Perry, I'd only hooked up with women when I felt like having company. "Before and after, but not like you're thinkin'. I didn't know where I was headed, and she just wanted to get out of town. I let her tag along and things happened. It's no big deal."

"If it's no big deal then why can't you get that grin off of your face? It's more and you know it. I'm pretty surprised, since you just dumped that chick Perry not even a week ago."

She was right. Mentioning Perry, who I thought I cared about, did nothing for me. Though just talking about Shalan got my blood boiling. I could picture every inch of her skin, the way she smelled, and even tasted. I had her lips memorized and the way she walked. "Fine. I like her. It doesn't matter now. She'll never talk to me again."

"Because of me?" Bells put her head down and started to cry. "I'm sorry, Noah. I didn't know."

I reached for her and pulled her into a hug. "Nothin' could have prevented me from coming to protect you, Bells. No matter what, you can always count on me."

"I don't want to ruin your life, because I've f**ked mine up."

"Our first night in New York we sang karaoke. The place we were at had this band that performed three nights a week. Anyway their singer had his tonsils removed and they asked us if we wanted to fill in."

"No shit? For real?"

"Yeah. So for two nights we sang with a band in front of a real crowd. Anyway that isn't even the best part. After the second night a producer and his wife came to eat at the restaurant and heard us. He set up an appointment for us to come in and talk about a contract."

"What? Oh my God. When do you go?" She looked so happy for me, and it only reminded me of what I'd walked away from.

"I don't." I looked down at the bed and creased my brow out of frustration. "Dad called and gave me an ultimatum. I knew I couldn't go from the beginnin'."

"Noah, you have to go. This is huge. Do you have any idea how hard it is to get discovered like that? You weren't even tryin'."

"The meeting happened earlier today, Bells. It's over."

Her excitement diminished. "Because of me? You missed it because of me?"

"No. I told you why."

"And she isn't goin' to talk to you again because you left. Oh my God, this is ALL my fault. I'm so sorry, Noah."

I put my hands on her shoulders and looked into her eyes. "Bells, it ain't your fault. I was already leavin' anyway. You just gave me a reason to do it sooner. My decision was mine to make."

"Did she still go?"

I shrugged. "I hope so. She deserves it more than anyone I've ever heard sing."

Bells stood up and walked over to the window. She peeked outside like she was worried someone was coming for her. "You should call her, Noah. Let her know you care."

"I just met her."

She turned around and put her hands on her hips. "Don't make me steal your phone and call her myself."

"I don't have her number."

She threw her hands up. "You're hopeless."

I pursed my lips together, feeling annoyed with her now knowing that I'd f**ked up another chance with a nice woman.

"Now it's your turn. Get your ass over here and tell me what happened, before I get in my truck and sight in my rifle on your ex's ass."

She crossed her arms and took in a deep breath. "It's a long story."

I motioned toward the chair. "We've got plenty of time."

An hour later I'd been well informed of the situation, not that it helped with my feelings about the guy. I still wanted to kill him.

Apparently my cousin had taken it upon herself to catch her ex with the woman he'd been cheating on her with. She followed them to the chick's house, and proceeded to climb through one of her windows. She'd cut her arm before she even made it inside.

She explained that she started to panic when she realized that she was breaking the law, so she darted for the door. Well, in that small amount of time the woman had grabbed a shovel out of the garage to defend herself. Apparently her ex was already in the shower, unaware of an intruder. Bells said she was hit with the shovel on the side of the face before she even saw the first blow coming. Then the chick hit her several more times until the guy came running out of the shower and turned on the lights. Bells said she got up and ran out of there as fast as she could, knowing he'd come after her. She said that he'd gotten into his car and started calling a few minutes later. That's when she kept driving and called me. She told me that he said when he found her she was going to be sorry.

What was with women and cheating exes? Did they really feel it was necessary to break the law?

I didn't get it.

We checked out of the hotel a little later on, and my cousin followed me back to Kentucky. She knew she'd be safe on the ranch, since you couldn't enter without a code from the front gate. Besides, he knew he'd have to get through me to see her, and that wasn't ever going to happen.

On top of having to worry about her, I still had to deal with my dad, and what happened at the party. Prank or not, I'd pissed him off enough to send him over the edge. I had no idea what I was driving back to, and had to consider that things weren't going to smooth themselves over.

Lastly, I thought about Shalan. I wanted to know she was safe, and how the meeting went. I wanted to hear her voice again, not just to tell me off, but because when she spoke to me I felt like the only man on the planet.

It was going to take me a while to get over her, so it was a good thing that I had all the time in the world on my hands.

Noah

The house was dark when we pulled in. Bells got out of her car and walked behind me to the kitchen entrance. Mail sat on the kitchen table, courtesy of someone in the family bringing it from the road. There were no dishes in the sink, and a basket of clean clothes sat on the couch, folded.

"I think my mom's been here."

"I can't believe she still does your laundry."

"She doesn't anymore." I laughed. "Ain't that why you're here?"

Bells shoved me to the side and walked into the living room. "Fat chance. Be nice, or I'll purposely dye all your whites pink."

I took my bag and sat it on top of the washing machine, and then walked into my room to get a change of clothes. I needed a shower, because I still hadn't washed off the champagne residue.

The back door opening and Bells running into my room stopped me dead in my tracks. "Someone's here."

I sat her down on my bed. "Stay here."

Shirtless, I walked out toward the kitchen to see who had come in without knocking. Before I saw them, I knew it was family, otherwise we would have heard a car pulling down the gravel driveway.

My mother was standing at the table, talking to my father. It was hard to look at him, when silently I was preparing myself for him to go off on me.

My mom rushed over and grabbed my cheeks with one hand. "You had me worried." She hugged me and I wrapped my arms around her, taking in the familiar scent of how her hair had smelled for as long as I could remember.

"I missed you too, but I am a grown man. I can take a couple days off from time to time."

"Next time make sure it's a planned vacation, son."

My mother pulled away and shot my dad a look. I knew she was in control of this meet, and not him. Like plenty other times she's gotten me out of trouble, my dad knew she was the real one in control of us kids.

"Okay. I will."

"Where's Isabella?" He started looking past me.

"Dad, she's fine. I'll explain later."

Mom looked at dad and then back to me. "Sorry, Noah. I know you're trying to protect her, but her parents are freaking out. Apparently they've been getting threats at the house, pertaining to Bella. We just need to know she's alright."

"For once I need you to trust me. She's fine. She just doesn't want to talk to anyone, that's all."

My dad, being my dad, pushed past me and went toward the first bedroom, which happened to be mine. We followed him and watched him push open the door. Before I could say anything I knew he'd seen her face. "God damn it, Bella. Who did this to you?"

My mom walked in next, gasping and rushing to my cousin's side. "Sweetie, are you okay? Does it hurt?"

"I'm okay," Bells started to cry. I knew she was so embarrassed.

Right away my dad was on his phone. "Yeah, it's me. She's here and -."

I started waving my hands in front of him, shaking my head and pleading with him to not tell them how bad it was.

"And she's fine." He paused for a moment, probably listening to my aunt or uncle. "Hang on." He handed Bells the phone. "They need to know you're alright, darlin'."

Bells stood up and took the phone into the other room. We could hear her crying as she spoke.

I looked at my dad. "Thanks. She doesn't want them to worry."

"Noah, I don't know what's goin' on, but that shit ain't right. Is she in trouble?"

"Sweetie, is there anything we need to know?" My mother knew how to ask to keep the peace, while my dad used his stature to be in control of the situation. He was also too familiar with Bella and the drama that followed her.

"I found her like this at a hotel. I don't know much," I lied. "My first priority was to get her here safely. She looks like hell, but seems to be managing alright."

My dad whispered, "Did that kid do this to her? I never liked him. He reminds me too much of someone her mother used to date."

"I don't think it was him, but to be honest, I'm not sure she'd tell me if it was. I believe her when she tells me it wasn't him. Still, I think he's capable of a lot worse."

My dad shocked me. He put his hand on my shoulder. "We've got to have a talk about what happened between us, but you did the right thing by your cousin. I'm glad you know what's important to this family."

"I'd never let anything happen to her, you know that."

Bells came back into the room, only to meet my mother's open arms. Even as adults, I think we still needed our family the same as we always had. Perhaps it was weird, and most grown people didn't stay close. After three days away from my family, I took notice of the way it felt to know they were there for us, no matter what. Even my dad, who was being pretty tame about the whole ordeal, in light of my cousin's situation.

"Thanks for not tellin' my dad, Uncle Colt."

"Bella, I don't know what's goin' on with you, but you're safe here. I'm sure Noah's told you to stay as long as you need to."

Bells looked over at me. "Actually, he asked me to move in last week. I hope it's okay. I haven't told my parents yet, but I will, I promise."

My parents looked at each other with matching concerned faces. My dad cleared his throat and spoke up first. "Make sure they know sooner than later. I don't want to know more than they do about their only daughter."

My parents started walking out of the bedroom. "Dinner will be ready in about a half hour. Gram's eatin' with us, so make sure you both show up. She's been worried about both of you."

"She knew where I was," I blurted out.

My dad got this look on his face like he wasn't surprised. "Figures."

"What about my face?" Bells asked.

"What about it?" I joked.

She rolled her eyes and looked to my mom for a serious answer. "Just come to dinner. Get some ice on that cheek from now until then. You shouldn't be that swollen still."

"Thanks, Aunt Van."

She winked and kissed her on the other side of her face. "You're welcome, honey." Then my mom turned towards me. "Put a shirt on before you come over. I think your sister is having company."

"Like a guy? Addy?"

My mom smiled. "No, Christian."

She may as well have kicked me in the balls, and I think she saw it on my face.

"Noah, behave. I'm not kidding. She deserves to have a boyfriend. She's in college."

"He better be a gentleman, that's all I'm goin' to say."

My dad patted my shoulder and walked out the door. I knew he was smiling, probably thinking the same damn thing I was.

Once my parents were gone I turned to look at Bells. She was laughing as she reached into the freezer and pulled out a bag of peas that looked to be ten years old. "You're ridiculous. One day she's goin' to get married. What will you do then?"

"I'll kill him and bury him in the woods before I let that happen." I clenched my jaw. Even the thought of a guy touching my sister made my skin crawl.

Bells shoved me. "You big dummy. She's an adult. You don't see anyone killing all the woman you've slept with."

"She's sleepin' with him?"

Bells hunched over laughing so hard at me. "Oh my god. Listen to you."

I got ready to say something, but knew I'd be sounding like an overprotective brother, so I walked back to my bathroom and closed the door. The hot water felt good falling down over my face once I climbed in the shower. Not only was I trying to keep my composure about my sister possibly having sex, Bells moving in, and my parents being too nice to not notice, my mind kept reverting back to Shalan. I couldn't remember ever feeling so bad about walking away from a woman that I hardly knew. It was driving me crazy.

I climbed out with no real resolve to my feelings. Knowing that nothing was going to help me besides seeing her again, I wrapped a towel around my waist and located my cell phone. After plopping down on my bed, I dialed the hotel and asked to be connected with her room.

It rang four times, and I was just about to hang up when I heard that voice I longed to hear.

"Hello?"

At first I couldn't talk. I swore she'd hang up.

"Hello? Is anyone there?"

"It's me," was all I could manage to get out.

"Noah?" The line got quiet. Had she hung up on me?

"You still there?"

"What do you want?"

"How did it go today?"

"Like you care?" I could tell she didn't want to talk to me.

"I'm sorry I couldn't stay. I swear I can explain."

"Don't. Just don't bother, Noah. It's probably for the best anyway. Everything happens for a reason, right?"

When she said that I knew there was nothing I could say to her to convince her that I was truly sorry. If circumstances were different I'd be lying in that bed next to her, promising to see the music thing through. "Yeah. You're right."

"You're lucky you caught me here. I get my place tomorrow, courtesy of the management company. They're going to put me up while they prepare me for the first few months. I signed this temporary thing today insuring that I won't sign with anyone else."

"Do you need a lawyer? I've got a good one in New York."

"No. I don't need anything from you, Noah. Though I appreciate all you've done, I plan on paying you back once I start receiving checks."

"You don't need to. It was my pleasure."

"No. I'm paying you back, otherwise I'll feel like you paid me to be with you. I can't live like that. The sooner I owe you nothing, the better."

"Don't say that, Shalan. You and I both know that ain't what happened." Yes, I'd gotten mad and accused her of becoming a whore to make money. I never should have said it, but I was pissed off and it just came out. Unfortunately, women never forget the bad things guys say. They only forget about all the compliments that we give them. "You obviously made your choice and went back home, so clearly I meant little to you. All I asked was for you to accompany me. How hard would that have been?"

"You don't understand. Somethin' happened. I had to go home."

"It was a few hours of your time. You promised. I've never told anyone things that I told you. I should have never trusted someone that I just met."

I pinched the bridge of my nose. "Darlin', I -."

"Don't you dare darlin' me, Noah. I'm not your darlin', or anything else. We had a good time together, and then you went home. Leave it at that, so we can both move on and forget it ever happened. Okay?"

"That's how you want it to be? You want to pretend you never met me?"

"Yes. Get it through your damn head. It was a fling and now it's over. It's like you said, we were just two adults that enjoyed each other's company. It was never anything more. I heard you the first time, Noah. Stop trying to convince me otherwise. I've got to go. My cab will be here any minute. Have a good life, ranch boy."

"Shalan, wait."

I heard the phone hang up, and knew that was her goodbye. I'd blown it, and there wasn't anything I could do to make things right. We lived two different lives. It wouldn't have worked anyway, so I needed to get over it and move on.

Bells stood in the doorway. "Hey. Was that the girl?"

"It was."

"That bad?"

I ran my hands over my face. "Yup. Another one bites the dust."

"You're doomed with women, Noah. Just face it." She smiled. "So anyway, your sister just text me. She said there's no way she's bringin' a guy home for dinner when you're around, so you can chill out about that at least."

"Good. I might have actually killed him."

She pointed at me. "This is the reason that you can't keep a woman. You have issues."

"Screw you. That's comin' from someone that got the shit beat out of her because of what?" I waited a couple seconds.

"Fuck off."

"Yeah, exactly. You're lucky we're family, or else I'd tell you how much of a bitch you can be."

"That's never stopped you before," she yelled from the empty bedroom across the hall.

I refused to keep going with her. She'd fight with me all night, just to avoid talkin about her problems. I had enough of my own.

As I stood up to get dressed, I saw my phone blinking, like I'd gotten a text, but it hadn't rang.

A number I didn't recognize was displayed.

I need an address to send the checks to. - Shalan

I wrote back quickly.

The only reason I'd ever give you my address is if you were coming to see me. It's only a matter of time before you miss me, Shalan. - Noah

You are the most cocky, irritating man I've ever met. I guess you won't be getting the money back after all. Have a nice life. - Shalan

For someone so bitter, I bet you've thought about me all day. - Noah

Why would you assume that? - Shalan

Because all I can think about is how good it felt to be inside of you. I miss it already. - Noah

Sorry about your luck, cowboy. - Shalan

Fine. Play hard to get. You have my number when you come to your senses and come down off that high horse. When you show up at my door, don't say I didn't tell you so. - Noah

I hate you, Noah Mitchell. I regret getting in that truck with you that night. - Shalan

Yeah, right. Keep telling yourself that. Ain't nobody ever going to make you cum like I did. Who is full of shit now? - Noah

I'm done talking to you. -Shalan

You're probably touching yourself right now. I can see those little fingers pinching your caramel ni**les. I made you so wet. Don't deny it. - Noah

I knew I was irritating her, but I couldn't help myself. I didn't want to stop talking to her.

It shocked me when my phone started to ring in my hands and I saw it was her.

I walked over and closed the door to my room, locking it so my cousin couldn't bust in.

"Are you ready to admit that you're still hot for me?"

Shalan

I shouldn't have been calling him, but just reading his words was making me insanely horny. No matter how hard I tried to stay mad at him, I couldn't stop myself from wanting to feel his touch again.

"Are you ready to admit that you're still hot for me?"

Of course he'd ask something like that. "Will it get you to stop messaging me?"

"That depends." I could hear him adjusting, and thought about where he was, and what he was doing.

"Did you make it home?"

He laughed. "Changin' the subject?"

"No. I just wanted to know."

"Yeah. I had to go get my cousin first. We got home a while ago."

"Where was your cousin?" I was stalling, and he probably knew it. My call was something I was going to regret. I'd never been one to have a sexy conversation over the phone. This was awkward.

"North Carolina. If you would have let me explain earlier you'd know."

Since I didn't want to talk about sex, I figured I could hear why he'd left me. "Tell me now. I'm listening."

"Promise you'll forgive me first."

I closed my eyes and all I could think about was his lips traveling down my skin. My lips parted and I thought about him exploring the hot spot between my legs. "Yes. I promise."

"She called me in the middle of the night. You need to understand that Bells is like my sister. When she said she was in trouble I knew I had to get to her. It wasn't about leavin' you, or walkin' out without explainin'. She needed me, Shalan. She still does."

I felt jealous; not because he'd picked another female over me, but because his family sounded like they were perfect. I'd longed to have that kind of family, and knew it would never happen. "Is she okay?"

"She's beaten up pretty bad. I'm not sure I know everything, but she's here with me, and I won't let nothin' happen to her."

I closed my eyes and felt bad about being mean to him. There were plenty of times where I'd wished my brother cared about me. I could have f**ked a serial killer in front of him and he wouldn't have stopped it. I could have been running for my life and he'd still be worried about his next lay. "I'm sorry, Noah." I started to cry. He'd helped me tremendously, and because he had other obligations I'd treated him terrible. "I didn't mean what I said before."

"Yeah, I know. It's okay to be mad. I know how much today meant to you. So it went well?"

I nodded, even though he couldn't see me. "Yeah. It went great. Like I said, I signed a temporary contract. They made me sing in front of them. It was scary."

"I bet you sounded like an angel. What did you sing?"

I couldn't possibly tell him what I sang. I'd made up the song when I thought he'd left me. It was clearly about him, and he'd know it. "Just something I wrote. Nothing special."

"Darlin', if you're singin' it's special."

"You just want to have phone sex."

The mention of the word sent a rush of heat between my legs.

"If it's with you, then yes, I do want to have any kind of sex I can get, but I meant what I said. You're gifted, and you know it."

"Thank you."

"Welcome." He was quiet for a couple minutes. "So when can you come see me?"

Hearing him invite me to visit was exciting. Then I realized that I was obligated under a contract to be committed to the business and nothing else for the next several months. "I'm not going to be free for a long time. I didn't realize how much work goes into all of this."

"That sucks. I'd like to have a proper goodbye, that way you can have good thoughts when you're alone thinkin' about me."

"Which you assume is all of the time?"

He chuckled. "How many times have you thought about me today, Shalan?"

I blushed, feeling embarrassed to admit it. "A few."

"Yeah, I bet it is a little more than that."

"What about you? Have you thought about me?" Curiosity had gotten the best of me. I needed to hear that he'd thought of me. I wanted to touch myself and pretend he was doing the same thing.

"I'll answer that when you tell me what you're wearin'."

I giggled, like it was a preposterous question. "Seriously?"

"I'll start." I could hear him shuffling around. "I'm naked, lyin' in my bed. I just got out of the shower."

It was so clear in my mind, still so new that I could imagine every detail of his sculpted body. "I don't believe you." Another attempt to avoid answering.

"Hang on." I heard his phone make a couple noises. "I don't know if you can get messages while you're talkin', but I sent you a picture. Feel free to look at it whenever you're thinkin' about me."

"Like I would do that. You're crazy."

"The answer is yes, by the way."

For a second I thought I'd missed something he said. "Yes?"

"Darlin', I can't get you out of my head."

All of a sudden I got so hot. It was like my body had been set on fire. He wasn't anywhere near me, yet I was burning up hearing him say that I'd been on his mind. He still wanted me, which told me that if he could have, he would have stayed. "Same here."

"It sounds like you and I have unfinished business."

I closed my eyes and imagined him being in bed next to me. I knew he'd be touching me, kissing me until I responded. "Talking to you only makes this worse."

"What worse?"

I bit down on my lip and decided that I just didn't care anymore. "How bad I want you, Noah."

He moaned in my ear. "Tell me again."

I reached my hand into my panties and touched myself as I spoke. I felt so dirty doing it, yet so heated knowing it was happening. "I want you so bad."

"Touch yourself and say it again." His voice, so deep, sent shivers down my skin.

"I am," I whispered. "I wish it was you."

He was getting into it, more than I was prepared for. "Close your eyes and tell me what you want me to touch next."

I didn't know how many times he'd done this with other women, and frankly I didn't care. I followed his instructions, only stopping when I realized that I needed to make some adjustments. "Hold on. I'm going to put you on speaker so I can use both hands."

"That sounds so f**kin' sexy, Shalan."

I sat the phone down next to my pillow and removed my shirt first. I then jumped out of the bed and took off my underwear and bra. I climbed back on and closed my eyes. "I can't believe I'm doing this. It's so embarrassing."

"Just go with it. It's just me and you."

"Can you just hop on a plane and come back for a few hours?"

"If I need to."

"I was kidding." As much as I assumed he was kidding, something about his tone told me he was very serious. It made me wonder just how much money he had lying around for afternoon delights.

"Where were we? Oh yes, you were touching yourself. Close your eyes."

"They are."

"Can you feel me kissing the skin behind your ear? Can you feel my tongue sliding across the lobe? Are you getting goose-bumps over your arms?"

I kept my eyes closed and pictured him doing what he was telling me. Sure enough tiny little bumps formed on my arms and I could feel my ni**les hardening. I reached up and pinched both of them, never opening my eyes and spoiling what was happening. "Keep talking."

"Tell me what it feels like when I'm inside of you."

Seriously, this was almost hotter than actually being in a room with him. As long as I had my eyes closed and he was talking to me, I could picture him touching me. I thought about him entering me. "It's so tight. I feel full." My breathing was increasing, and I couldn't stop running my fingers over my clitoris as I spoke. "You're kissing me to distract the pain at first." I leaned my head back as I spoke. "Oh yeah, right there. I don't want it to stop."

"Why?"

"Because I want to come and I know you can make it happen." My admission made me open my eyes for a second, realizing I was telling him things I would usually keep to myself.

"How do you want to come, Shalan? Tell me what you want me to do."

I cried out, forcing myself to orgasm against my fingers. "I want you to f**k me," I spat out. "Please don't stop."

Noah chuckled quietly against the phone. "You're so f**kin' sexy when you come."

He knew. He'd heard me doing it, and I felt so ashamed. "I didn't."

"Yes you did. Don't stop now, woman. I'm about to bust this load. Keep talkin'."

Hearing him admit to doing the same thing was shocking. I'd thought he was playing around. Suddenly I was swept away again, feeling overwhelmed with sexual desire. I ran my hand up and tasted myself. I made a sucking sound I was sure he could hear. "Mmm, you should taste it."

"Darlin', I won't ever forget it. What else are you doin'?"

I ran my hands over my ni**les, rubbing my palms over the hardened tips. "I'm touching my br**sts."

"Sit up and spit on one of them."

I did as ordered. "Okay." Saliva started running down the brown area.

"Rub it slowly with your fingers, and watch yourself. Describe it to me. Tell me how it makes you feel to watch yourself."

I moaned and bit down on my lip. "I'm so turned on. It's slippery and I can feel my pu**y throbbing. I want to touch it so bad. I want to make myself come again thinking about you."

"Are you looking at your pu**y?"

I propped myself up for a perfect view. "Yes."

"Good girl. Touch those lips. Slide your fingers inside and get them wet."

I was about to explode the moment I touched down there. Trying to focus, and knowing what I was doing was dirty was making it hard to concentrate. "I am."

"Now rub that sweet juice all over your clit. Use your thumb like I do it. Pretend it's me touching you there. Can you come again for me?"

"Yes," I cried, feeling waves of pleasure take over my entire body.

Then I heard it. I heard him making funny sounds against the phone, and then finally letting out a sigh. "Well, that made a mess."

I laughed. "Guess you're going to have to get another shower." I rolled over on my stomach and rested my head down next to the phone.

"I'll think about you while I cleanin' up."

"I can't believe we just did that."

"You still mad at me?"

"No." Even though I already missed his company, I admired his decision to be loyal to his family. "If I had a family, I'd have done the same thing."

"I'm goin' to need to see you again."

"It's probably going to be a while before I can go anywhere. Can you come here? I'll be settled by next week. I don't know the rules, but I'm sure we can have visitors. It's not like I'm in prison. I mean, it's not like we're a couple or anything."

"Yeah, I don't know what you'd call this. I just know I need to see you. So, let me see what I can work out. I'll call you later, if that's alright?"

"Yes. You can text me if you don't feel like talking." I was trying to not sound so needy. He obviously didn't want a girlfriend.

"I like hearin' your voice."

"Okay."

I got ready to hang up and then heard him start talking. "Don't forget about my picture."

I had. "I won't."

I hung up the phone before he could keep me any longer. Once I knew the line was dead I let my arms fall above my head. I wasn't used to being naked, but I felt totally exhausted. Dinner was going to have to wait. I needed a nap.

Just before letting my eyes close, I grabbed my phone and opened up the message.

A picture of Noah lying on a bed, in nothing at all was staring back at me, and all I could do was laugh, because he'd been telling the truth the whole time.

Noah

Dinner with my parents felt like I'd been away for months, instead of just days. At first they didn't ask me about my trip, but after we ate, and I went outside on the porch, it was the first thing my dad wanted to know. "How was New York?"

I leaned over the railing next to him. It wasn't uncommon for him to act like we'd never had it out. "It was fine."

"Accordin' to the credit card receipt, you weren't alone, at least for part of your trip."

I didn't look at him when I spoke. "You know, it really bothers me that I can't get an ounce of privacy. Does it matter who I was with?"

"I was just curious. Did you take Perry? Your mom was disappointed that she didn't come to the party."

I rolled my eyes, realizing he was never going to change. No matter what I did, he'd know about. It made me want to keep Shalan a secret forever. "We broke up."

He looked over at me. "Is there a good reason?"

"Probably not one you would want to hear."

"Is there someone else?"

I had to be short with my dad, because the last thing I wanted to do was tell him my business. I guess, in a way, he was trying to smooth things out with me. To me, he was just trying to interfere even more in my life. "Dad, do you really want to know who I'm takin' to bed, or are you just askin' just to avoid what needs to be said?"

He stood up straight and crossed his arms. "Are you here for good, or do you plan on takin' a lot more of these trips?"

I turned and leaned my back against the porch railing. Like him, I crossed my arms in front of me. "Do I have a choice?"

"You always have a choice, Noah. You just don't like the options you're given." Of course I didn't. It was his way or the highway.

"Yeah, that's what I thought." I shook my head. "You know, there's a chance that I would have ended up workin' this ranch my whole life anyway, but bein' pushed into the position ain't exactly considerate. I need space. You hoverin' over me all the time is redundant. I can do the job without you houndin' me. It ain't like I don't know what I'm doin'. You just look for things to bitch about, because I'm your son."

"Watch your mouth, son." He took a long breath before continuing. "You want to discuss this now?" I could tell he was irritated, but not as much as me.

If I was going to be stuck with this life, he was going to listen to me bitch about it, at least once. "I want you to know where I'm comin' from."

My youngest sister came into view. "That's goin' to have to wait. Mom said get your butts inside for dessert. Gram's goin' to need a ride home afterwards, Noah." Addy held the door open, not giving us a second to hash out our concerns any more.

My grandmother was spending extra time with Bells. We knew she was worried about her, and more so what her parents were going to say when she told them that she'd decided to move to the ranch with me.

I think in some ways they always knew we'd grow up and want to live closer to each other. Summers were never enough time to spend with my best friend, girl or not. We used to count down the days until we could hang out with each other again. When we both entered into college it got even harder. Her jackass boyfriend kept her away from family get-togethers, and I was starting to feel like we were losing that bond we'd always shared.

It wasn't until their first big blow up that I knew she still needed me just as much as I needed her. After that, we never kept anything from each other.

My gram winked at me as I walked in and sat down across from them. Bells smiled, but kept her head low. My dad had pulled her aside three times asking for details. My mom just asked me when nobody was around. I think that even though she knew she was safe, Bells felt uncomfortable being around everyone.

My sister, Christian, was playing with her phone. I snatched it out of her hand and read the message she was replying to.

Tonight. My place. Wear something black, with lace. - Kev

She yanked the phone out of my hand and gave me this look like she could kick my ass. "Dick."

I got close to her ear, so our parents wouldn't hear us. "If this Kev wants to live to see another day, he'll keep his f**kin' hands off of you. Make sure you tell him that."

She punched me in my stomach. "You can't control me, Noah."

I took her phone again, this time holding it up so she couldn't reach it. I liked to antagonize my sisters whenever I got a chance. "Hey, Mom, did you know Chris plans to meet up with some guy tonight after dinner?"

She was carrying in a cake she'd made. "Leave her alone, Noah. She's a grown woman."

"What is with this family?"

My father put his hand on my shoulder. "It's okay. Noah and I can always give him a lesson in gun cleanin' the next time he comes over."

I even laughed at my dad's joke. For once he'd been funny. My uncle would have been impressed.

"Don't worry, Christian," Bells cut in. "My dad tried that same crap with me. Just ignore them and they'll finally give up."

After that we all dropped it and ate dessert. Bells and I helped my grandmother onto the golf cart and we drove her to the main ranch house. Once we knew she was settled, we headed back to my place.

Bells plopped down on the couch and immediately turned on some ridiculous reality television show. "You got any popcorn?"

"We just ate. Isn't that bad for your ass?"

She lifted the remote like she was going to throw it at me. "Screw you. My ass is fine."

"If you want somethin', you can get it yourself." I started walking back towards my bedroom when I heard her saying something smart.

"You goin' to go call your girlfriend?"

"There is no girlfriend."

She began to giggle. "Noah, the walls in this house are thin. I could hear you earlier on the phone. Now, you either called some sex line, which is totally disgustin', or you've got a secret girlfriend. So which is it?"

"Mind your own business, creeper." I shut my door before I had to answer any questions. Within seconds I was sending Shalan a message. She'd be getting ready to perform with the band, and I didn't want to bother her.

Hope your night goes well. Wish I could be there to hear those pipes. - Noah

I got a reply almost immediately.

It's not the same without you. - Shalan

Call me tonight? - Noah

Are you sure? - Shalan

Positive. - Noah

I waited up that night to talk to Shalan, and the next night, and the one after that. Not only did we talk every night, but there were even times that we would send messages throughout the day.

After two weeks she'd settled into her new apartment and started the next venture with her new management company. It was exciting to live vicariously through her process, but most of all I enjoyed talking to her, hearing from her, and wishing she was in my arms.

My cousin made my evenings easier, even though she was going through hell. After her parents calmed down about her moving in with me, she went out and got a full-time job at one of the companies that transported our chickens when they were ready for pickup and slaughter. Bells had majored in Business and was now working the operations department underneath only one other person. She'd gotten the job because my grandmother conveniently knew every person in the state of Kentucky.

On the weekends we'd go out and have some drinks to unwind. I had to admit it was nice having her around. Women at the bar left me alone, because they just assumed we were a couple. Bells seemed to be the only one annoyed over it. I think she missed being in a relationship, but she also knew that it wasn't going to happen on my watch.

After changing her phone number, the calls finally stopped. She's closed out of all her social media sites and changed her email, just to get away from her ex. I got that it was hard, albeit it was the best decision she'd ever made.

Almost a month after meeting Shalan I'd bought a plane ticket to New York on a whim to see her. Even though we'd talked every night it still didn't calm the craving I had to be with her again. I suppose somewhere in the back of my mind I knew something was happening between us that we were both aware of, though I was still fighting with myself over making it official. We lived two separate lives and being a couple was never going to work. I couldn't expect her to give up her dream and live on a ranch with me. It just wasn't meant to be, and I had to accept it, and try to have fun while it lasted.

Shalan's apartment was in between Manhattan and Little Italy. It was just an old building that had been converted to one bedroom apartments, nothing fancy. After paying the cabby, I walked up to the door and buzzed her number. I waited, for what felt like forever, but the door never buzzed to let me in. I backed up and started to pull out my phone when I heard the door open.

There she was, standing in the doorway with the biggest smile on her face. Shalan was in my arms in less than a second, showering me with sweet kisses. I held onto her as we entered the building, and I carried her up the flight of stairs to her apartment.

With her legs still wrapped around my waist, I reached for the door and then closed it behind us after we'd entered. My hand was already up her loose shirt, feeling nothing but skin beneath my fingers. I leaned against the door and felt her dropping to her feet. She tugged on my t-shirt and pulled it over my head, taking my ball cap with it. I started unbuckling my belt, while watching her slip the shirt off. Now shirtless, she wiggled out of her shorts and was exactly how I remembered her. She saw me eyeing her up and bit down on her lip. "Stop doing that."

"What?" I acted innocent.

"Looking at me like you've never seen me before. It makes me nervous."

I stepped forward, breaking the distance between us. "Woman, I could never forget how beautiful you are."

She wrapped her arms around me and kissed me gently on the lips. "This is nice."

"Standin' naked at the door to your apartment? Am I allowed to come inside, or is this as far as I'm goin' to get?"

She started laughing. "Well, I was a little caught up in the moment, if you hadn't noticed." She grabbed my hand and started walking us around. "This is the living room and kitchen. There's a bathroom right there." Then she stopped when we got to the last door. "And this is my bedroom, where this tour ends."

She pulled me, walking backwards herself until we reached her bed. Shalan had hung sheets on the windows to make it darker in the room. There was no need for us to remove our clothes, since they were already gone. She turned us around and pushed me down on the mattress. I propped myself up on my elbows and felt her climbing on top of me. She straddled me, her pu**y in full view. I bit down on my bottom lip and thought about the way she sounded when I made her come. "I take it you missed me."

She shoved me down and pinned my arms. I could easily break free, but had no inkling to do so. "You wouldn't be here if I didn't."

"I need a kiss, darlin'."

She leaned down and pressed her mouth to mine. As she pulled away I started to laugh. "I wasn't talkin' about those lips." I freed my hands and grabbed her ass, pulling it up over my chest. Shalan looked down and watched me inching my way toward her pu**y. She cupped both of her br**sts and licked over her front teeth before I looked back at what I'd waited almost four weeks to have again. "I wonder how many times I can make you come in three days?"

She moaned. "Mmm, I can't wait to find out."

Shalan

Noah wasn't the type of guy that was easy to talk about relationships with. What we had was definitely something, but we hadn't labeled it. Honestly, I was too afraid to talk about it, at all. The countless hours of getting to know him more on the phone, and sending messages had left me completely infatuated with him, and as much as I wanted more, I knew our worlds were too different to try.

My life was changing, for the better of course, but with one sacrifice. Having time to spend doing my own thing was going to become difficult. The busier I got the less I knew I'd be able to have those phone calls, and personal relationships. It scared me, knowing that I was about to be thrown into a lifestyle that I knew literally nothing about. People read the tabloids. We hear about all the negative, but was that all there was? Couldn't someone just sing and be happy? Did it have to come with such baggage?

My mind went to Noah, and how happy I was when he was near me. This visit from him had only made it more apparent. I'd missed him, more than I cared to admit, and it scared me. All we had were our visits, and as excited as I was to be with him again, I knew it would be over sooner than later.

That made me so sad, knowing that I couldn't keep him with me every day. I didn't mean it in a clingy way. It was more to the point of being able to wake up and know he was next to me. It was the companionship of being together that I longed for.

After a morning of sex, we lie naked together in my bed. I'd worked a full week with a voice coach in preparation for my first real event. Monday morning I'd be flying out with a very popular band to sing backup. It wasn't the same as having my own concert, but certainly enough to feel like my dreams were coming true.

I nestled my body into Noah's. "I still can't believe you came."

He kissed the top of my head. "You were the one who came; five times from what I can recall."

"You know what I meant." I giggled and smacked his chest lightly.

Noah looked me straight in the eyes. He ran his hands through my hair as he spoke. "Did you think I wouldn't show?"

I shrugged. "I don't know. I guess I felt like seeing you was too good to be true. I guess I'm not used to having good things happen to me."

Noah pulled my leg over his body and sat me on top of him. I let my chest fall down over his and kissed him slowly. When I pulled away I kept my lips close and could feel his moving as he spoke, in between little pecks. "I needed to see my little rock star before she gets famous and forgets about me."

I ran my fingers through his thick, dark hair. "That's not possible, especially after what you just did with your tongue. What was that?"

We both laughed while I waited for an answer.

"I told you over the phone we had more to explore."

"Yeah, but that was...My God, I don't even know how to explain it." Just thinking about it was making me hot and bothered, all over again.

"Stop talkin', you're makin' my head grow."

My eyes got huge and a cackle escaped my lips. "Which one?"

He rolled us over, so that he was on top. "Both."

Being with Noah was like nothing I'd ever experienced before. It wasn't just that he was so tentative, or that his focus was always on pleasing me. It was the way he touched me, and more importantly, the way he looked at me.

I'd never felt so desired before, and I think he knew that. No matter what we were doing, his focus was always on me and he took the time to stop and ask for permission, as if I'd ever say no.

Noah entered me with ease since I was still aroused from our last encounter. My muscles accepted his girth, but still it was uncomfortable at first. He went slow, watching my face change from irritated to pleased, before he increased the tempo. His tongue entered my mouth and matched the way mine moved. I could feel his whiskers brushing over my cheeks as we kissed. His large hand took ahold of one of my br**sts and began massaging it. Then very maneuvered, it slid down over my navel until he hit the base of my sex. I could feel the muscles in his arm working as he rubbed over my clit. My knees raised to his sides almost by themselves.

Noah noticed my adjustment and decided to make some himself. He took my already lifted knees and pushed them up until they pressed on my chest. Still inside of me, he looked down at my very stretched pu**y. I felt his hand rubbing over my lips and holding them apart with one hand while he lightly slapped on my most sensitive bud, causing me to jerk each time. The more reaction he got the faster he started pumping himself inside of me again. Our bodies slapped together from me becoming so wet, and I trembled feeling overcome again by another wave of bliss.

Noah kept watching my pu**y, licking his lips and touching on my clit, as he f**ked me. It was too much for me to keep my eyes open. I wanted to call out his name and explode with passion.

"Come on, Shalan. I want to watch this pu**y go wild."

That was it. He could have said that he liked the color yellow and I would have gone crazy. Hearing his voice set me off and I couldn't hold back. I cried out as he held my legs up above my head. My muscles were contracting so much that I could feel him fighting to stay inside of me.

That's when he really went to town, vigorously pounding into me as I wallowed in bliss. My legs were freed as his body arched back, his eyes closing and loud sounds being spoken under his breath. I could feel his release inside of me, and accepted that he was completely spent.

Noah fell down and pulled me on top of him. Our bodies remained connected, yet exhausted. I kissed him then, so passionately that I had to wonder how I was going to be able to say goodbye when it was time for him to leave.

All of our late night talks had only increased my feelings. I knew I couldn't talk about them, because there would never be an opportunity for more to happen between us. Noah and I were two friends that enjoyed spending time together. We knew we lived in two different worlds, and I had to accept that, no matter how badly I wondered what we could be.

We spent the remainder of the night in bed, tangled together. When we became famished we ate, and then went right back to sex again.

In the wee hours of the night I felt Noah moving his hands lightly over my body. He thought I was sleeping when he placed gentle kisses on my shoulder. I kept my eyes closed, content with having his attention.

"I can't get you out of my head, darlin'. The more I'm with you, the more I want."

I turned and faced Noah, finding his eyes even in the dark room. "I know," I whispered. "We have to enjoy the time we have. It's not like we won't talk. I mean, you are my only real friend."

He brushed the side of my face. "Until you meet someone else."

I saw pain in Noah's eyes, and for maybe the first time, I knew it was about me. "Don't say that. I've never connected with anyone like this."

He let out an air-filled laugh. "Shalan, you're about to be famous, and don't say you're not. I know how good you are. It's only a matter of time before everyone hears it for themselves. There ain't nothin' a ranch hand like me could ever offer you. Hell, I'm probably holdin' you back from some fancy rock star party as it is."

"First of all, you're not a ranch hand; at least from what you've told me. Secondly, I don't fit in at those parties. I don't even know anyone, and the people that I do recognize are hardly approachable." It sort of hurt me to hear him say that I was basically too good to be with someone like him. Didn't he understand that I'd be forever grateful to him?

Noah closed his eyes and looked away for a second. "It figures, I'd find someone that I enjoy this much, and I can't even bring her home."

This time I grabbed his face and made him look in my direction. "Noah, all you have to do is ask. I'd love to see where you live."

This hint of a smile formed on the corner of his lips. "Consider that your invitation."

"Fine," I replied sarcastically, as if it were a burden.

"Good."

A moment of silence was followed by him tickling the sides of my waist. I whipped around uncontrolled begging him to stop. As uncomfortable as it was, I appreciated that Noah could be serious one minute and playful the next. It was just another reason why I knew he was special.

He finally stopped to let me catch my breath. "So when did you want to come to the ranch?"

I shrugged. "I can probably come in two weeks. I've got to do this tour fill-in for one week and then I know I will at least have a weekend to spare. How does that sound?"

"A weekend is never enough time, woman. We're talkin' hundreds of acres. There's five houses on the property. We've got thirteen pole buildings. I need to take you horseback ridin'."

I cut him off. "You have horses?"

"Yes. It's a ranch. How do you think we gather the cattle?"

I felt like an idiot. "I never thought about it."

He started laughing. "I'm kiddin'. Sure, we can do it the old fashioned way. Nowadays we use the ATV's. It's easier and works a little faster. Now my daddy still messes around with the horses. The ones I was talkin' about are strictly for ridin'."

"I've never ridden a horse," I confessed.

Honestly, I'd always been afraid of horses. They were so big, and I felt like I was going to die if I ever fell off.

He ran the back of his hand between my br**sts. I inhaled and closed my eyes, getting turned on again from a single touch. "It's goin' to take me a good week to show you every inch."

I snickered and opened my eyes. "Are we talking about land or something entirely different?"

"Listen to you, gettin' all dirty. You're so damn sexy, woman. That's why I can't get enough." He pinned my arms down over the sheets. "What am I goin' to do with you?"

I don't know why, but for some reason all I wanted to do was say 'love me', even though I knew it wasn't possible. The idea of that popping in my head immediately caused me to flush. I felt embarrassed and he would never know why. "I guess you're going to have to ravage me until I can't move a single muscle on my body."

He leaned down and kissed me so beautifully, that sounds escaped me from somewhere inside. I was falling for this man, this perfect man that I knew I wouldn't ever be able to keep.

As painful as that reality was, I knew I had to savor every single moment I got with him. When my schedule became too hectic he'd move on to someone new, and I'd just be another notch in his bedpost.

I hated that.

Noah

Sunday came too fast. I felt like I'd just arrived and now we were having to say goodbye. My trip was well worth it, being able to spend time with Shalan without interruptions. We even managed to get out of bed and got out for a night on the town.

Still, standing in front of the cab that was going to take me back to the airport was extremely difficult, especially when I knew what I was saying goodbye to.

"I guess this is it."

"I don't want you to go." Shalan held me tight, leaning her head against my chest. I let my head fall and kissed her on the top of her head.

"I'll call you as soon as I land." There was no reason to talk about it anymore and get us both in a bad mood. I had to go home and she had to get her rest for her trip in the morning. "I'll see you in a couple weeks. It won't be so bad. You can still call me like you always do." I knew what I was saying wasn't making things better, because I didn't want to leave either. The idea of walking away from something that felt so good, to go back to my shitty life was ridiculous.

"I wish things were different," she murmured.

"No you don't." I grabbed her face with my hands. "Your dreams are comin' true, darlin'. You're about to start this new chapter in your life. We're still goin' to be friends, Shalan. I promise."

The cab driver was getting impatient and we both noticed it. "You say that, but guys like you don't stay single for long. It's only a matter of time before you start seeing someone and forget all about me. I'm fully aware of how this works, Noah. The friends thing is just a temporary fix."

Did she not know that something more was happening between us? Believe me when I say that I'd tried to fight it. At the end of the day there was no denying our chemistry. Walking away from this girl was hard, and I was getting tired of having to do it.

Shalan

I could feel tears forming in my eyes, and refused to let him see. Maybe I was being selfish, wanting Noah and the opportunity to become a famous singer. All I knew was that the mere thought of him walking away was making me feel like I was losing possibly the most real relationship that I would ever have.

Noah pulled me close and spoke with his mouth in my hair. "You know we can't be nothin' more than we already are, Shalan. It won't work. Now, I ain't sayin' that I'm goin' to go out lookin' for somethin' else. I'm just tryin' to be fair, to both of us. I don't want to hurt you."

Finally I looked up at him, and it took that one moment for him to see just how much I cared about losing him. I could feel the tear falling down my cheek. "I'm sorry. I'm not trying to make you mad."

"Mad?" He looked at me like I was insane. "Shalan, I'm not mad at you. I'm just tryin' to understand how you think this could ever be somethin' more. We've determined that I can't leave Kentucky, and you sure as shit don't want to settle down and give up your career. You're just startin', darlin'. You've got so much to look forward to."

I agreed by nodding my head. "I know. I just...after all those nights talking to you, after feeling what it's like to wake up in your arms, I can't help but be scared that it's never going to happen again."

His thumb wiped away the remnants of new tears that had fallen, then he placed his forehead against mine. "You're scared. I get that. You've got this whole new life that you're tryin' to find a place in. I promise you that nothin' is goin' to change. You're goin' to come back in a week and plan your trip to Kentucky. For as long as you can stay, I'm goin' to hold you every night, and make sure you leave satisfied knowin' that I like our arrangement. I'm not out lookin' for pu**y. Besides the fact that my cousin lives with me, I just don't have the time or energy. My town is small, and there ain't a single woman that could ever hold a candle to you."

I tried to smile, even though I knew I must have been doing the exact opposite. Noah leaned forward and kissed me on the lips, holding his mouth against mine extra long before he pulled away. "I'll call you when I land."

I couldn't answer, so I just moved my head around to acknowledge him.

From the moment he turned his back to me I started to really lose it. My emotions were going crazy. In my heart I knew he was being fair, but in my mind I understood that at any moment he could decide that he never wanted to see or talk to me again.

I watched him get in the cab without looking back at me, and the car starting to pull away. For a moment I couldn't move. I just stood there watching them drive into the distance. Then I saw brake lights. He was far away, but I knew when that door opened and a figured climbed out with a duffle bag, it was Noah. He started walking toward me, and I couldn't help but run in his direction. While the cab started to drive away, Noah scooped me up in his arms and kissed me in the middle of the street. He carried me all the way to the sidewalk before he sat me down. "What are you doing?"

"I'll take a later flight."

"You don't have to. I'll be fine. It's just hormones or something." I felt like an idiot for making him feel like he had to come back and take care of me.

"Do you want me to leave?" He eyes were fixed on mine, waiting for an answer.

"You know I don't."

Noah ran his fingers over my pouty lips. "Then give me a reason to stay, darlin'."

So I did.

After carrying me upstairs, while showering me with new kisses, Noah wasted no time undressing me and leaving a trail of our clothes from the front door to my bedroom. He was so passionate, taking his time as if he didn't care when or if he ever returned home. We didn't talk, but instead were consumed in each other both mentally and physically. Our sex was slowly turning into something more, it was what some would call making love. This time in particular it was about taking our time, and appreciating what it felt like to be intimate with one another. To be honest, I could have never left my bed and died a happy woman.

Later, when neither of us could move any longer, Noah lay next to me, keeping his eyes on mine. "Are you glad I stayed?"

"I'm more than glad."

"It's goin' to be a hard two weeks until I can see you again."

"Are you getting emotional on me now?" I teased.

He reached over and played with a strand of my hair. "Let's just say that sometimes I wish life wasn't so damn hard."

"Well, that makes absolutely no sense to me."

"I'll explain it when your in my bed in a couple weeks."

I hated that he wasn't going to explain, but the idea of him inviting me to his home was so exciting. I couldn't wait to meet his cousin and the rest of his family, that I'd heard so much about. "Deal."

Noah left before the sun came up the next day. I'd wanted to ride to the airport with him since my flight was also in the morning, but since he'd stayed an extra night I hadn't had time to pack.

I think that actually made it easier when we had to say goodbye. Not only was I half asleep, but I knew I had a ton to keep me occupied. By the time I'd made it to the airport, Noah had called to let me know that his flight landed safely. We talked for about fifteen minutes until I had to start boarding for my flight. Noah also made me feel better about flying alone, since I really felt uncomfortable doing it.

The long flight gave me ample time to think about our weekend that we'd spent together. Every time I thought about Noah I got chills all over my body and felt hot between my legs. That man could do things to me that I never knew were real, and he knew it too. On the plane I sat next to this couple. They were on a connecting flight just coming back from their honeymoon. I tried not to stare, but just hearing them talk about their love for each other was the sweetest thing. My mind went to Noah immediately and I pictured him settled down, having kids, and being married. It was like a fantasy that I knew would never happen. As much as I wanted to believe that I could keep him, I knew it wasn't possible. I was headed for big things, and soon he'd tell me that he'd found someone else. I knew I had to prepare for when that time came, but it would crush me when it did.

Noah

When Shalan got to her first destination she called me every morning and afternoon. It wasn't until the second day when the calls started to taper off. She was filling in for a backup singer that was having surgery. Shalan, being focused on learning all that she could, lost track of time most nights. By the seventh day I wondered if she'd forgotten all about me.

Since I knew when her return flight came in, I decided that I'd wait to see if she called me before telling my parents that she was coming for a visit. I couldn't take the chance of making a fool out of myself when she didn't show.

I waited all night for her to call, and heard nothing.

It hurt, especially since we'd connected the way we had. I felt like I knew her enough to trust that what we were feeling about each other was mutual.

The next morning I headed over to my parents to have breakfast. Bells was already gone for work, and it happened to be just me and my parents. Right away my mother noticed something was wrong. "Does the look on your face have something to do with who you went to see last weekend?"

"What look?" I tried to play it off, even though I knew I wasn't fooling them.

My father took a drink of his coffee and sat the cup back down on the table. "She got a name, son?"

"Does it matter? I mean, I'm pretty sure I'm never goin' to see her again."

"Why's that?" He asked.

"We live in two different worlds. She's got big plans, and I've -," I stopped before I could say something that would piss him off.

"You've what?" Of course he would still want to know.

I put my silverware down on my plate and placed my hands on my knees under the table as I spoke. "I'm stuck here."

My mother walked over and put her hands on my dad's shoulders. He reached up and touched one of them, turning to give her a reassuring smile. "It's fine, darlin'."

When he called her that it made me think of Shalan. At first she'd hated when I called her that, but I'd learned it from my father. He'd always called my mom that, out of respect and love.

"Son, I know you don't believe this, but I was once in your shoes. You think I always wanted this life? Noah, I could have played football, hell, I could have done anything I wanted to. I finished college with a business degree. I could have been an accountant makin' mediocre money anywhere in the state."

"What stopped you? Was it your dad?" He never talked about his father, mostly because it upset him so much. My mom told me once that they'd fought all of the time, and my dad hated that they'd not been on great terms when he passed away.

"Yeah, I guess in a way. I can't really explain it. All I know is that I woke up one mornin' and knew it was where I belonged. I realized that above all, my family was the most important thing in my life. I've never regretted my choice." He cleared his voice before continuing. "You know, I can be a pain in the ass, I get it. You need to understand that I've lived your life, son. I see you makin' the same mistake that I did. The grass ain't always greener on the other side. That sayin' stands true in every aspect."

"I get it. I'm here and I'm not leavin'."

"Noah, the happiest day of my life was findin' out I had a son. I'm hard on you because I want you to be better than I was. No matter what you decide in your life, I'm still goin' to be your father."

I smiled and nodded my head at the same time. "I appreciate that. You don't have to worry. Even if I thought about leavin' before, I know there ain't nothin' for me anywhere else."

Okay, in my defense I knew I was being dramatic. Shalan didn't have an inkling about how I felt about her. Feeling sorry for myself wasn't going to get her to call me, but it sure as hell made me feel better about coming home to the ranch. At the end of the day, it would always be there for me.

"Did Bella tell you her parents are comin' to visit next weekend?" My mother asked as she grabbed my dish and put it in the sink.

"No."

"They aren't bringing the boys," she added. "They're staying home this time."

"Good. I don't feel like seein' those little pricks."

"I know what you mean. At least when I was younger there was only one of them." My father and my uncle Ty had a love-hate relationship when they were younger. Nowadays they were the best of friends. I think it mostly had something to do with my mom dating uncle Ty before she got with my dad. Even though he'd won the girl, he still held it against my uncle whenever he got the chance.

"How's his hand, by the way?" I hadn't asked since the fight at the anniversary party.

"He was fine the next day. Miranda said it scabbed over and he never mentioned it again. You know how they are."

"I wasn't stickin' around to deal with it."

"For the record, son, I didn't know about your sister until after you left."

"Water under the bridge, dad." I put up my hands hoping that he'd drop the subject. My mind was elsewhere and the sooner I got out of the kitchen, the better I was going to feel.

My dad and I headed out to start our day a little later. Once we'd separated, I took my time with my daily routine. By noon I was sweating up a storm and needed to cool off and get a drink. I'd no sooner walked into my kitchen when my phone started ringing.

I looked down and saw the person who was calling, and definitely regretted hitting the answer button.

"Perry. What's up?" I hadn't talked to my ex since I left her in shambles, and honestly, I hadn't thought about her since I'd hooked up with Shalan.

"I just missed you, Noah. I thought you'd have called me by now to talk about things, or maybe even check on me."

I cleared my throat before I answered, really because I was stalling. As bad as I felt about what I did, I knew I probably wouldn't have met Shalan. Even if she chose to never call me again, I couldn't regret the time that I had with her, because being together made me forget about everything else. "Sorry. I figured I'd be the last person you'd want to hear from."

"She told me what happened. I know she came on to you."

"I still did it, Per. It takes two people."

"Yeah." The line got quiet. "It happened and I can't change that, but I want to move forward. I want you back, and I'll do whatever it takes."

I sat down at my kitchen table and took off my hat. I didn't know how to tell her that I wasn't interested without sounding like a complete dick. "Listen, I know this is hard, but maybe it's just for the best."

"How can you say that?" I could hear her beginning to sob. "You're the one for me, Noah. I get that you don't like talking about your feelings, but it's the truth. I love you, and I know that somewhere deep inside, you love me too."

I closed my eyes, as if it would make the words come out easier. "Per, I'm sorry. It's not goin' to happen."

"Why? Besides cheating, tell me one reason why we can't be together?"

"I don't love you." It was stern and to the point. I wasn't saying it to hurt her more. It was the damn truth, and she needed to know it so she could move on.

"I don't believe you."

What was there not to believe? I didn't love her, and even if I thought that's what it was before, I knew it wasn't now. She couldn't begin to compare to the way I connected with Shalan. It wasn't her fault. Perry was such a nice girl, but she wasn't the one for me. "What do you want me to say? You want me to lie to you? Do you really think that I'll just wake up and change my mind one day? It don't work that way, woman. You and I both know that. Now, I said I was sorry. There ain't nothin' else to be discussed."

"What happened to you?" She was crying so hard it was difficult to understand her. "You used to be so sweet. I admired the man you were. Now you're just cold and heartless. Did you want my sister, Noah? Is that the truth?"

"Seriously? Now you're makin' up fake ass reasons to make yourself feel worse?" I shook my head, unable to believe that she just wouldn't take no for an answer. "I'm done talkin'."

I hung up the phone and sat there staring at it. She was going to call back, I just knew it.

When it rang again, I picked up the call before the information even registered on my screen. "I said I was done talkin' to you. Get it through your head."

"It's me, Noah."

Shalan's voice shocked me.

"Who's me?" I played like I didn't know her, because obviously I didn't want her to know I was arguing with my ex.

"Noah, come on. It's Shalan."

"Shalan who?"

The line got quiet. Maybe I'd taken the joke too far. I opened my mouth to speak, but she started talking.

"I'm sorry I haven't called. Things got crazy and then I dropped my phone in the airplane toilet, as it was flushing. That blue dye got inside of every crack, and it wasn't salvageable. I had to wait to get a new phone, and then look at my last bill to get your number. I thought you'd check your email, but obviously you never did."

I closed my eyes and thought about the last time I'd checked my email. It had probably been two weeks. I knew I needed to link it to my phone, but all that was on there was bills and advertisements. "Sorry."

"No, I'm sorry," she murmured. I could tell she seemed sad. "I told you I'd call you back and you didn't hear from me for days."

"Darlin', I missed hearin' your voice." After my discussion with Perry, I figured I'd be in a bad mood all day, but the truth was that this one phone call had calmed my nerves.

"Me too. So guess what I'm doing?"

I shrugged, even though she couldn't see me. "What?"

"I'm booking my flight for Friday. I got the go-ahead from Shelly that I can have the next whole week off. What time did you want to pick me up, morning or afternoon?"

I had to admit that hearing she was coming, after I thought she'd written me off had me speechless. All I wanted to do was tell her to hop on the next flight and forget about waiting. "Mornin' is fine. I'll have someone cover for me so we can spend the day doin' whatever you want."

"There's one thing in particular that I really want."

I laughed. "My huge cock?"

She giggled. "I should have known you'd say that."

"It's been a shitty day, up until now."

She ignored the question. "Are you excited to see me? Do I need to bring anything special? Should I wear a cowboy hat and boots?"

I sighed and let out an air-filled laugh. "No. You can dress normal. I wear a baseball cap just about every day. The last time I saw a cowboy hat, it was on some schmuck at the airport in New York."

"I got you something while I was away."

"You did?" I wondered if I should run out and get her a gift. "What?"

"It's a surprise." She paused. "Okay, I'm booked for Friday. I can't wait to see you, and meet your family. Did you tell them about me?"

I felt bad. Bells knew about Shalan, but I hadn't told my family. Now I knew I had to prepare them. "Yeah, they all know you're comin'," I lied.

"I miss you, Noah. I mean, I was really busy this week, but once I lost my phone, I felt lost not being able to talk to you."

"Me too. I honestly thought you wrote me off. I thought you found some rich old man with wrinkling balls to bide your time."

"Eww. You're sick."

"And you're beautiful."

"I get that a lot," she teased.

"I sure hope you don't. This cowboy might have to start kickin' asses."

"I can't wait to see you. Promise me that we can spend the first night alone."

"Definitely."

"Okay. I need to go. I've got an appointment in a half hour. Call me tonight, alright?"

"Sure thing."

When we hung up it felt like all of my problems had gone away.

I think that's when I finally came to grips with what was happening.

Shalan wasn't just some chick I'd met and started sleeping with. She'd become a whole lot more. In fact, I was pretty sure that I was falling for her, and I didn't know what I was going to do about it.

Shalan

Being on the road with a real band was like a dream come true. I kept busy, working on their songs and even writing some of my own. Noah was never far from my thoughts. In fact, every single song that I'd been working on had something to do with either him, or the way he made me feel.

That also made things hard.

As much as I knew I was moving toward a career as a musician, I wondered how I could keep Noah, knowing I wouldn't be around much. A man like him needed the attention of a good woman, especially being raised by one who did nothing but take care of her man. Noah didn't seem old-fashioned, but I had this feeling that when he was ready to settle down, it would be forever.

I couldn't wait to meet his parents and the rest of his family, especially his sisters and Bella, who he always called Bells. We'd spoke on the phone a couple times, when he was giving me a hard time and she'd snatched the phone to let me know he was pulling my leg. She seemed nice, and most of all, I knew he was important to her.

That also meant that meeting her was a little scary. If she didn't like me then she'd tell Noah. It was freaking me out thinking that he might respect her feelings enough to stop seeing me.

I started filling my new suitcase with clothes for my trip to Kentucky. I'd bought new underwear that I couldn't wait to share with Noah, and even some jeans that looked like something a country chick would wear. Honestly, I had no clue how they dressed or lived, and making an impression was my top priority.

Then I grabbed Noah's gift, a handmade crocodile skin belt from Australia, with a decorative buckle. A man had a whole case of them he was selling in the town we were in. It looked so cool, and had cost me almost half of what my first check was. Since I owed him money, which he refused to talk about, I'd decided that a gift would be acceptable. I'd seen him wear a belt before, so I knew he'd at least consider liking it.

My phone started to ring and I smiled when I saw it was him calling. "Did you forget to tell me something?"

"Yeah. Don't pack underwear. You won't need them."

"I'll have you know that I bought some new ones that I was going to bring."

"I can't stop picturin' you naked. It's makin' my dick hard, and I've got a ton to do today."

"Are you alone?" I fell back down on my bed and traced the skin between my br**sts. "Do you want to play?"

"I've got a better idea."

"What's that?"

"Change your flight to tonight. I want you here, and waitin' is goin' to kick my ass."

Aside from my afternoon appointment I had nothing going on. Sure, I wanted to get my hair trimmed, and I definitely needed to polish my nails, and shave my legs and any other appendages that needed it. "What if I come tomorrow?"

"Call me later and give me a time."

"Are you sure? Don't you have to work?"

"You can spend the day relaxin'. There's plenty to do."

"Okay. I will get online and change my flight."

"I can't wait to see that sexy ass."

We hung up and I looked around the apartment. It was tiny, but all that I needed. Besides being grateful, I had a couple other people that lived in the building with me. One was about to cut her first album. She'd been doing recording sessions for the past two weeks and they were finally thinking that they had enough material.

I called Shelly, who seemed to be my go-to with all things work related. Reluctantly, I asked her if it was okay if I skipped my voice classes for a few extra days. At first she didn't like the idea. She even made a point to remind me that I was under a contract, and the importance of sticking to a schedule. So I pulled out the tears and told her that Noah and I needed to take care of some personal matters. I told her that he needed me for a few extra days, and promised to be back promptly that following Sunday.

Finally she said yes.

I threw as much as I could fit into my suitcase, and got online, finding that the only flights available were not only totally booked for the next day, but every day until my original flight. My only option was to catch the last one for the day, which was in less than two hours.

Without looking in the mirror, applying makeup, or shaving my legs, I grabbed my suitcase and jetted to the airport. After security and checking my bag, I made it just in time to board the plane. Then I realized that when I was going through security I'd stuck my cell phone in my carry-on that was packed above my head. I stood up to grab it, but a person came and sat on the end seat. I sat down realizing that I was flying to Kentucky and Noah had no clue about it. He was either going to be very excited, or extremely overwhelmed.

The flight, being only about an hour, went by so fast, mostly because I was so nervous. I looked like I'd just woken up, and wasn't even dressed decently. It was a good thing that the airport had bathrooms. After going to luggage claim I rushed into a handicapped stall and opened it up, looking for the most appropriate outfit.

Once I was dressed, I walked over to the mirror, brushed my hair and applied makeup. It wasn't bad for a rush job, and my clothes, aside from needing a good ironing, covered every part of my body.

With shaky hands I called Noah, hoping and praying that this hadn't been a huge mistake.

"Hello?"

A female voice answered and my stomach dropped. "Is Noah there?"

"Um, I'm not sure. Hang on." I could hear her calling out for him a couple times. "I guess he left his phone when he went back out. Can I take a message?"

I didn't know what to do. "Is this Bella?"

"This is Noah's mother. Bella is still at work. Can I leave them a message?"

What was I supposed to do? Noah said they knew I was coming, so I figured it wouldn't be a big deal to get his mom in on the surprise. "Actually, this is Shalan, his...friend. I know my flight wasn't supposed to come in until this weekend, but I switched it to surprise Noah, so now I'm at the airport without an address to the tell the shuttle person."

She said nothing for a second. "What did you say your name was?"

"Shalan."

"That's a pretty name. Noah didn't tell me about a friend coming in, but I'm sure he'll appreciate the surprise. A taxi, or even airport transport will cost you an arm and a leg. How about I come and get you instead? I'm obviously going to need to grab some more food, because you don't want to eat anything he prepares."

We both laughed, and then I was reminded that she didn't have a clue who I was. "Is it much trouble?"

"None at all. It's going to take me about an hour to get there. Can you hang tight until then?"

"Sure." I didn't have a choice.

She told me where to wait for her, and gave me a number, then we hung up. After the call I literally sat down and bit off all my fingernails. My knee rattled my seat and I felt like I was going to vomit.

This wasn't just Noah's mother, but a woman that has survived breast cancer. I know it was silly, but thinking about her made me think of my own mother. I missed her so much, and the idea of being around a real family was overwhelming. I'd been so caught up in seeing Noah that I hadn't considered what it would feel like to be around the rest of them.

I spotted the SUV exactly where she said she'd be. I kept my head down low as I approached the vehicle. I don't know why I expected some old lady to get out of the vehicle. I certainly didn't expect a woman with long brown hair and a beautiful smile climbing out. She was wearing a pair of khaki's and a form fitted polo shirt, with jewelry that accented the color. One of the pieces was a charm bracelet that I'd seen on commercials. You could buy different charms for all of your favorite events in life. "You must be Shalan. I'm Savanna."

I shook her hand, still in awe that she was Noah's mother. "Nice to meet you."

"Let's get your stuff loaded so we can head back to the ranch. You must be exhausted after flying. I know I hate the whole process of being in an airport. Noah's dad and I try to drive whenever we can."

"The flight wasn't that long, but I get what you mean."

We started driving before she asked another question. "So, where did you fly in from?"

"New York."

"Ahh, you're the reason Noah's been going to New York."

So they knew about his trips, but not me. "I have to ask this, and forgive me if I seem a little outspoken, but did you really not know about me? Noah told me that he's talked about me. I never would have just shown up if I knew that."

Noah's mom kept her focus on the road as she talked. "Noah doesn't tell us a lot of things. Don't take it personal. He and his father have a difficult relationship. It's really because they're just alike, but you can't tell Noah that without getting into it with him."

"I've seen it, firsthand." I thought about that time he'd taken out his anger on me. I got chills thinking about it.

She clearly didn't feel comfortable talking to me about it. "So my son invited you to the ranch?"

"Yes," I looked out the window, admiring the fact that we were out of the city and driving down a country road. "I was supposed to come this weekend, but he asked if I could get an earlier flight. I've been away for work, and decided to surprise him. I guess it was a terrible idea."

"Nonsense. If Noah invited you, then you're are very welcome, no matter when you arrive. That boy doesn't invite his friends over, especially women. He keeps his life private, which is probably why we've never heard about you. I'm sure it has nothing to do with how he feels about you."

How he feels about me? Obviously he felt something, but now I wanted to know what. If I was invited and that was such a privilege, was Noah falling in love with me? "Thanks for saying that."

"Can I ask you something, Shalan?"

"Sure." I turned to face her.

"Are you the reason that Noah broke up with Perry?"

It was like a stab to my heart. I had to keep my composure until I was alone and could rationalize with what the woman had just said to me. Did Noah have a girlfriend this whole time, only breaking up with her recently when we'd become something more than just acquaintances? "Not that I know of."

"That break-up was just so sudden. I thought maybe he'd told you about it. I'm sorry for asking. Obviously they aren't together now, and I just wondered if you knew."

Already this woman thought I was some floosy that had stolen a man from another woman. This trip was a mistake and I was half tempted to tell her to turn around an take me back to the airport.

She must have noticed that I was silently freaking out. "It's good to meet you, Shalan. Any guest of my son's is a guest of mine."

We drove for a ways talking about Kentucky and the town I was originally from in Ohio. Then she asked another question I wasn't prepared for. "So does your family still live in Ohio?"

Did I lie, or tell her the truth? "I don't have any family, not anymore. It's just me and the great big world."

"I'm sorry to hear that. Noah's probably mentioned how big our family is. You do know that some are coming to visit this weekend, right?"

Another thing he hadn't told me about that was going to get him a swift kick in the balls when I saw him. "Of course. I'm excited to meet everyone. I've never been around such a large family before."

That made her laugh. "Honey, you picked the wrong family to test it out with. We get a little crazy from time to time. Don't judge us too harshly."

I let out a little laugh. "It can't be that bad. You all love each other, right?"

"Yes, that we do. When our family loves, we love big, and we love forever."

She was so kind. Even when she spoke, her voice was sweet. I was already amazed by her.

Then I got the shock of my life.

We pulled up to a large white security gate. I'd noticed it as we were driving. It had been over a mile long in the direction that we'd come from. For as long as I could see in the opposite direction I could see white. The main gate had a keyed entry, and a tremendous sign hung over the top of both gates, saying Mitchell Family Ranch.

This wasn't a farm, it was a fortress.

Driving down the paved driveway we passed by several large barns, and plenty of equipment sitting outside. A giant mansion faced us, and my heart started beating out of my chest. "Oh my God. Is this your home?"

She laughed. "It's my mother-in-laws house. She lives here with her housekeeper, and an occasional straggler family member. It's too big for me, if you want my opinion."

I stared at the beautiful white house as we pulled in. "Wait here for a second. I need to run this inside."

I sat there admiring the beautiful home, and wondering why Noah had been so modest. I suppose he didn't want me to know where he came from. It certainly wasn't what I suspected. I actually felt like I was dreaming.

When his mom got back into the vehicle we started driving down a more narrow driveway. It went through a patch of woods on both sides. "If you don't mind, I need to get these groceries in the freezer before they thaw."

We pulled up to another home, this one made of logs. It was a beautiful golden brown in color, and had a wrap around porch that was to die for. We climbed out and I heard a horse neigh from somewhere close. It startled me and I turned around ready to run.

"The horses are in their stables. They just sound closer than they are." She handed me a bag. "You've never been on a farm before, have you?"

"No."

"Noah's going to have to show you around. Come on, let's get these inside so I can take you to his house."

We walked inside and I almost passed out.

First there was the smell of maple syrup and bacon. I could feel my mouth watering as we headed in the direction of the kitchen. Then I noticed the cathedral ceilings, where the animals hung on the walls, and the beautiful lodge decor everywhere. That wasn't all that caught my attention. On every wall were pictures, and I recognized Noah as a child right away. "He's so little."

"He was a cutie pie."

A girl that looked around my age came walking out of the kitchen. "Oh hey. I didn't know we were havin' company."

Mrs. Savanna turned around. "Christian, this is Noah's friend, Shalan."

She smiled. "Really? Noah's been hidin' a girlfriend?" She looked me up and down before turning her attention back to my eyes. That's when I saw them; Noah's exact green eyes on a female version of him. "You're really pretty."

"So are you."

She shook her head, like I'd embarrassed her. "Yeah right. You don't have to be nice to me on my brother's account."

"Christian, say thank you."

"Sorry," She smiled. "I appreciate the compliment. It was nice to meet you."

She left us standing in the kitchen, and Noah's mother turned around to address what was wrong with her daughter. "Don't mind her. She's shy and has never believed it when people compliment her. Don't ask, because I don't have the faintest."

"I meant it. She's gorgeous."

"Thank you. I know what you're thinking though. They aren't twins."

"Does everyone ask that?"

"Usually. Noah's almost five years older than his sister. She's in college. His other sister also looks identical to them. You'll know the difference right away. Addison is the polar opposite of her sister. She'll tell someone what she thinks of them without hesitation."

"I'll keep that in mind."

She put her hand on my shoulder. "Come on, let's go find the boys."

We no sooner walked onto the front porch when I saw a very sweaty man approaching. I did a double take because I couldn't believe what I was seeing. This man wasn't Noah, he was too old to be him, but he looked just like him. I watched him walk up to his wife and kiss her. "Hey, darlin' You got back quick."

Darlin'. I knew it had to be something that he heard growing up.

The older Noah turned his attention to me. "Who do we have here? Are you friends with Christian?"

I couldn't answer, because I heard him saying my name. "Shalan?"

Noah walked across the driveway, as grubby as his father. His shirt was over his shoulder and his chest was dripping with either sweat or something he'd poured over himself to cool off. "What are you doin' here?"

I walked down the steps and stood face to face with him, waiting for a kiss or something to welcome me there. "I wanted to surprise you."

He looked over at his parents before turning his attention back to me. "I can explain."

Noah could tell I was pissed. He knew that I knew he hadn't told his parents about me. "I hope so."

"Dad, this is Shalan, my -." He paused and winked at me, as if it were going to make me forget why I was mad at him. "My girlfriend."

My stomach dropped and I felt dizzy. He'd said no labels, but yet he'd just given me a big one, and I didn't know how to respond.

Noah

For a moment I thought my mind was playing tricks on me, and that the heat had gotten to my head. There she was, standing with my parents, who knew nothing about her. I could tell from the look on her face that I was going to have to kiss up her ass before she gave me any affection. Figuring that I had to explain, I said the first thing that came to mind.

Shalan's eyes widened as the word girlfriend came out of my mouth.

We hadn't labeled ourselves, for more reasons than just living in two different places. We both knew that eventually she'd be too busy to be in a committed relationship. I hadn't even considered talking to her about it, because I knew the end result.

Shalan smiled and looked toward my dad. "It's very nice to meet you. I've heard a ton about your family from Noah."

My dad gave her another once over, and then cocked an eyebrow. "How long have you been seein' my son?"

"Dad, really? I'm pretty sure it doesn't matter."

My dad backed off. "Sorry. I was just askin' the lady how long she's had to put up with you." His joke was his attempt at keeping his opinions to himself.

"Did you just get here?" I asked.

"Your mom had groceries to take in. She was getting ready to bring me to your place."

I held out my arm for her to take. "How about we get you settled and we come back for dinner. "Is that alright, Mom?"

"Of course. Oh, Shalan, I forgot to mention this. If the house is a mess, which it very well might be, please ignore it. I can't get over there until tomorrow to clean it."

"I'd be happy to help," Shalan offered.

"You're a guest," all three of us said in unison.

My mom laughed. "I will take care of whatever Bella doesn't get to. Her parents are coming to see her this weekend and I don't want them seeing how those two live. You'd think they never did a chore in their life."

"Thanks, Mom. Can we go now, or are you goin' to tell her about somethin' else embarassin'?"

"We'll save some for dinner," my dad added.

I waved as I pulled Shalan along, grabbing her bags and putting them on the golf cart.

She said nothing as we started our trek to my place. Once I knew we were away from my parents, I stopped and turned to her, leaning my head on the steering wheel. "I know you're pissed."

"You're damn right I'm pissed. Do you have any idea how embarrassing that was? She didn't know me at all. I am coming to sleep with her son, and she's never even heard my name before. Don't get me started on your dad. He may as well have told me to leave with that stare."

"Darlin' I -."

"Don't you dare darlin' me, Noah. I want to be mad for a minute."

I ran my hand up her leg and she swatted it away. "Stop!"

"My mom likes you."

"Really, because all I saw was a woman that thinks I broke up your last relationship. I know you aren't together, but when exactly did you break up with her? Did you sleep with me in New York and then go home and end things? Noah, you know how I feel about cheaters."

I placed my hand over her mouth. "Shut up and listen for a minute, you hard-headed woman. I broke up with Perry before my parent's anniversary party. We weren't together when I came to New York, I swear it."

She started to cry. I could tell because her bottom lip had begun to quiver and she looked away. Gently, I pulled her chin towards me and looked into those watery eyes. "I shouldn't have come."

I leaned in and appreciated that she let me kiss her. "Yes, you definitely made the right decision."

The next kiss was deeper, with a hint of pent up anger attached. She pulled away and let her eyes slowly open. "I'm still mad at you."

I chuckled and started driving. "Yeah, you'll get over it."

"Don't be so sure. I was half-tempted to ask your mom to take me back to the airport."

"Before you leave, you should probably let me take you on a real tour of the place. There's this spot I want to take you to."

"Does it require me being naked, because right now you're totally cut off."

This got me laughing again. The idea of having her close to me and not being able to have what I wanted was hilarious. "You can't say no to me, Shalan. Mad or not, I'm gettin' you naked before the night's over."

She turned her body and gave me this look. She didn't even have to say what she was feeling, because I could read it from her body language. She was ready to punch me. "I bet you a hundred dollars that you don't get any tonight."

I stuck out my hand and shook hers. "That's a deal."

"Good," she scooted to face forward again. "You stink anyway."

I put my arm around her and pulled her against my sweaty body. "You know you like it."

Shalan screamed and fussed, up until we pulled up next to my truck and she realized that we had arrived at my house. "This is all yours?"

"Well, considerin' that you've seen my parent's house and even my grandmother's, I figured this would be disappointin'."

"It's perfect." She grabbed her small bag and left the larger one for me to get. I led her up the stairs and inside of the house. "Did you decorate?"

Through the years, after my aunt Karen had moved out, the house had been used by a lot of family members. Honestly, I'd planned on building a house on the property, but I wasn't ever ready to make the commitment. Since the property would eventually be mine and my sisters I figured I had plenty of time to figure it out. "No. The only personal touches I added were the deer heads in the living room. Oh, and the curtains. My grandmother gave them to me last Christmas."

"When you said you lived on a farm, I had no idea it was like this. You have your own town here, Noah. It's insane."

I grabbed Shalan's hand and pulled her into the living room. She cringed at the deer heads. "You shot them?"

"Yeah, and I ate them too. Is that a problem?"

"Are you going to make me eat them?"

Her question was funny. "You never know what you're goin' to eat here at the ranch. I mean, sometimes we just go out and cut a hog's throat, then cook him up on an open fire. I bet you never had fresh bacon like that before."

She sat down on the couch. "I think I'm going to be sick."

I pulled her up. "Come on. I want to show you the best room in the house."

Shalan knew I was leading her to the bedroom, but she didn't fight me. I tossed her bag down on the floor and pulled her on the bed with me. She squealed and then froze with her lips almost touching mine. I held her tight just in case she'd try to get away. "Thank you for comin' to surprise me."

"Are you happy about it, or freaked out?"

I pressed my lips against hers, not once, but several times, pulling away only to speak. "Let me show you how happy I am."

Shalan backed her head away. "Hold up. I'm still mad." She let me kiss her again, and this time I drug my tongue over her lips. "You can't seduce me. It won't work."

"I should get points for callin' you my girlfriend, don't ya think?" I knew we needed to address it, and felt like a simple bit of sarcasm could help.

Shalan froze, and it made me wonder if it was something she didn't want.

"Noah, I-."

"Don't say it. I shouldn't have mentioned it. My parents want labels and I thought that if I told them you were my girlfriend that they'd shut up and leave me alone."

"So what am I then? I mean, if I'm not your girlfriend what is this?"

I sat up in the bed and she mimicked me. I knew she was waiting for an explanation. "Is this a trick question? Is it one of those questions where there's no right answer?"

She shook her head. "Nope."

"Fine. I'm goin' to get a shower, and think about it. When I get out, I'll let you know." I stood up and walked into the bathroom, leaving her sitting on the bed waiting. "Unless you want to join me. Then we can talk while we're naked, washing each other's wet bodies."

I heard her murmur something under her breath before I started the water. To me, Shalan was my girlfriend, whether she accepted it or not. I had a week to convince her that I'd try my best to make her as happy as possible for as long as she'd let me. Temporary or not, I wanted her, and I was going to make sure she felt the same way about me.

I heard the door swing open after I'd climbed into the shower. Through the glass shower doors I could see her standing there on the other side. Even though it was foggy I watched her unbuttoning her shirt. It fell open, and she unfastened her bra. Both articles of clothing fell to the floor. I opened the door and waited for her to remove her shorts and underwear and join me. "Change your mind?"

She entered slowly, watching me watching her the whole time. I handed her a bar of soap and held up my arms. "Do me first." There was pun intended in the comment and she knew it. She smiled and shook her head, while letting the hot water fall over her hair. I watched those beautiful lips separate just enough to picture how she did it when I was inside of her. I put my arms on either side of her waist. "I knew you'd get naked."

"I'm not paying you money."

"You can work it off with other ways," I teased while pushing her against the shower wall. Her dark hair stuck to the wall as I leaned in and savored her lips again. "It's goin' to be a long night, darlin'. I hope you're up for it."

Shalan

It took less than five seconds for me to forget all about being mad at Noah. Still, for some reason I needed to know what he was thinking. Here was this man, standing naked in front of me in the shower. He was beautiful, caring, and above all, wanting to spend his time with me. I knew a label was dangerous, but I was ready to face it head on. "Am I your girlfriend, Noah?"

"You know the answer to that already. I don't have to tell you."

"Yes you do. Just say it. Tell me what you think I already know." My body was beginning to shake as I awaited his reply.

"Fine. If you must hear me say it, then yes, you're my girlfriend. Now what?"

"You know this isn't going to work." I felt the tears welling up. "As much as I want this, I know it's only a matter of time before the distance is too much for us. What if I get the call that they want me for an international tour? Are you really going to be okay with not seeing me for months, or hearing from me? I've heard rumors about it happening. I'm not trying to spoil this visit Noah, but meeting your family, and being your girlfriend, it's not fair for either of us."

"Don't talk like that. Shalan, I'm not tryin' to push this on you. You brought it up."

"Because I need to know where we stand. I need you to know that no matter how much I want to be with you, I just know it can't work. You live here and I'm under a contract to live in New York for at least six months. I can't ask you to hang around while I'm trying to figure out my life. It's no fair to either of us." Tears were falling again, and this time it was because I was potentially breaking my own heart. "I'm just trying to be realistic."

He started laughing - actually laughing at me, like my serious words meant nothing to him. "You think you can just push me away and I'll go quietly? Woman, I don't care what you say. I'm tellin' you right now that you're my girlfriend, whether it's for seven damn days or seven years. I'm tellin' you that I want whatever I can get for as long as it lasts. I'm not makin' promises, but keepin' it bottled up ain't doin' neither of us any good. Don't you dare sit there and tell me that you don't want to be with me. I'm not talkin' about sex either. You were the one to hop on a plane to get to me today. This hasn't been about sex since I left you in that hotel room. I've had a ton of failed relationships, most of them being my fault. I ain't perfect, but I can be that shoulder that you need, whenever you need it. I ain't goin' anywhere."

I wrapped my arms around him and placed my head against his chest. "Okay." It was all I could get out before my sobbing got too intense. Noah held me close, saying nothing else for a few moments.

I kept telling myself that people have long distance relationships all of the time. Just because Noah and I lived two very different lives didn't mean we couldn't be together as a couple, right?

"For the record I didn't mean to throw it out there like I did. I just figured since you met my parents it would be the right thing to do. Besides, after a few days with just a couple of my family members, you may decide that you made a huge mistake coming at all. Can we please enjoy the fact that we're together again? I miss you when you're not around."

I let go of Noah and backed up against the wall to the shower. "How long do we have before dinner?"

"A couple hours at least." He got closer to me, breaking the distance that I'd just made. "Why? What do you have in mind?"

"First I need to apologize for freaking out." I sunk down to my knees and stared at his already erect penis. The water beat down on my hands as they traveled up his wet legs. I pressed firmly when I got to his thighs, and started feeling the hair getting thicker on his legs. In front of my eyes, level with my mouth was what I wanted. Noah grabbed all of my hair and held it away from my face as I focused on nothing but pleasing him.

He filled my mouth while my lips coasted back and forth over his shaft. I could hear the tiniest of moans coming from above. I kept my focus, and concentrated on picking up the pace. One hand gripped the cheek of his ass while the other massaged his soft balls. Noah leaned his arm on the wall above me and looked down, watching what I was doing to him. The faster my lips moved, the louder his moans became.

While I was away I'd fantasized about him every second I got a chance. I dreamed of being able to please him and be more than we were before.

This was my gift to him, the least that I could do for everything he'd given me in return. Usually, I'd take my time, playing around so that it lasted longer and I could rest my cheeks. This time I went full-force. I wanted to hold the advantage, and the pleasure of what I was giving him.

His body tensed, he tugged on my hair, and then my mouth filled with his salty release. I held my lips there, fixed on making sure he was satiated before I removed them.

Finally, I pulled away from Noah's spent c**k and rinsed out my mouth. He pulled me up and shoved me into the tile wall. His lips were on my neck and then finally worked their way down my body. Noah didn't waste time kissing me like he usually did. His face plowed right into my pu**y as if he was starved for it. I gasped and held onto his shoulders. His whiskers tickled when they came in contact with my tender skin. Noah didn't kiss me gently, or lick the outside of my sensitive skin. He stuck his tongue inside of me and started f**king me with it. His strong arms lifted me up off the shower floor and held me in the air while he worked me with his skills. "You like that?" His voice vibrated off of my sex.

"Yes. Oh...wow." It felt so good, unlike anything I'd felt him do down there before. That was until he stuck his finger in my ass. Without warning I felt it going in, hurting at first and then turning to extreme euphoria. I screamed and my thighs tightened around his head as I climaxed. Noah didn't stop though. He kissed his way up my abdomen and then ended up at my breast. His beautiful eyes fixed on mine the whole time he nibbled on my ni**les. "More. I want more," I could barely manage to say.

His lips brushed over mine. "Not yet, sweet Shalan. Tonight, when I bring you home, I'm going to make love to you until you can't f**kin' move. Until then," He kissed me once more. "I want you to picture my mouth on your pu**y. Think about how you could have that every night when you come to visit me."

He'd left me breathless and I couldn't respond, even if I had something worth saying it wouldn't have come out.

After washing me, he wrapped me in a towel and carried me to his bed. I watched him walk around his bedroom, getting dressed, and finally hopping on the bed next to me. "You ready to get dressed and go for a ride?"

"A ride? Where?"

Noah ran his hand between my legs when he spoke. "Get some clothes on and you'll find out."

"I can't get dressed when your fingers are inside of me." He'd slipped them in as he spoke, not that I minded. I was fully prepared for the next round of anything he wanted to give me.

Noah laughed and removed his fingers, only to stick them in his mouth and suck on them. "Bet you never had your pu**y licked like that before."

"Well, one time my girlfriend spent the night and seduced me," I lied.

Noah's eyes got huge. "For real? I'm in love. I need details."

I froze. Noah didn't even realize he'd said it, at first. Then I shook it off, taking it as a joke, just like my comment had been. He was a guy, who was strong and opinionated. Just because I was his girlfriend didn't mean it was that serious. Sure, we'd shared so many countless hours talking on the phone, and a whole lot of time getting to know each other physically. For me, the question was easy to answer. Still, I didn't want that word ruining our happy time together. "I'm kidding, you perv, but if I wasn't, I probably wouldn't tell you anyway."

He started to tickle me, and then suddenly he stopped. "That ain't right. I'm an open book. It's only fair that I get every detail from you."

I slapped his hand away. "Fat chance. Let me get dressed so we can go on this ride."

He backed away and reached for my feet, pulling me almost all the way off the bed. "Hurry up. No primpin'."

I took my things into his bathroom and got dressed as quick as possible. When I opened the door to head back in the bedroom I noticed he wasn't in there, so I walked out to find him. Sitting on the couch was a beautiful blonde with her legs crossed. Noah was standing in front of her. They both turned when they heard me. "There she is. Tell her what you just told me."

Bella stood up and walked over to me. "Oh my goodness, it's so good to meet you finally. Don't listen to my cousin. He's just tryin' to make us hate each other, so he doesn't have to be jealous."

I laughed with her, but was being pulled out of the room. "I guess I need to go with him."

She waved. "Have fun. We'll chat later."

We got to the golf cart and he started backing away from the house. "What was that about?"

"She was pissed that she came home and heard us in the shower. Don't pay her any attention. My cousin has major problems with relationships. As of this week she's against anyone that is happy. Next week she might hate puppies. We never know."

"Aren't you best friends?"

"Yes, and no. I will always have her back, except for when she's on her period, or just being a bitch for no reason. Today is one of those days. She's pissed her parents are coming this weekend and she's goin' to take it out on me. I'm used to it." Noah pulled me close to him, putting his hat on my head, and then his arm around my shoulder. "I've got my hands full for the next several days, so she can bitch to someone else for all I care."

I hadn't realized where we were headed until we pulled up at the giant white mansion. "What are we doing here?"

"There's someone I want you to meet. Hopefully she's back from her shopping trip."

He hopped off the golf cart and held out his hand for me to take. I'd been to two mansions since signing on the dotted line with the music company. Both were mind blowing, but this was so much more personal. This was where Noah grew up. He was used to this giant house, and the woman who lived inside of it.

I don't know what I was expecting, but we walked through a foyer, then a pretty large family room, and finally into an extremely large kitchen. An old lady with almost all white hair was kneading dough. She looked up when Noah walked over and kissed her on the cheek. "What are you doing in here, kiddo?"

"I wanted you to meet someone, Gram. This is Shalan."

The woman, who'd never met me before, walked up and put her flour filled hands on my cheeks. She stared into my eyes and then looked over at Noah. "I approve. You have my permission to marry her."

They both started laughing while I stood there amazed that it had happened.

"Do I get a say in this? We've only been dating for a little over a month."

Noah walked over and started wiping off my face. "We're teasin' you, darlin'."

"Oh." My face turned as red as an apple. "How was I supposed to know that?"

His grandmother washed her hands while she spoke. "If this one gives you a hard time, you let me know. He's never too old to put over my knee."

"Gram." Noah seemed embarrassed by her comment. "Just be respectful, boy. Don't forget, I raised your father."

He kissed her on top of the head. "Yeah. I know."

"How long are you staying, honey?"

"Until next week. I was able to get a couple days off and surprised Noah."

She smiled and wiped her hands to dry them off. "Have you met Colt and Savanna?"

"Yes, ma'am. They're very kind."

"Don't let this family overwhelm you, Shalan, and certainly don't let this one take advantage of you. I've taught him to be a gentlemen, so he better respect that."

"He does." I wanted to giggle. She obviously thought the world of Noah, and so did I.

"We better get goin'. Mom's makin' dinner."

We started to leave, but his grandmother grabbed the back of my shirt and pulled me to the side. "Can I have a minute alone with this young lady?"

I felt nervous from the get go. She grabbed my hands and held them as she spoke. "Noah doesn't bring beautiful women here to meet me, Shalan. That boy means the world to me, and I can tell he's smitten over you."

"We haven't been talking very long. Only since his first visit to New York."

"His daddy fell in love with his mother in less than a month. Don't think it can't happen. I've never seen two people more in love than I do when I see them together. That kind of love isn't based on time. Just do me a favor and don't hurt him. Okay?"

I nodded, afraid to say anything that would make her hate me. I surely didn't want to tell the old woman that there was no way Noah could love me. He cared for me, but knew better than to give me his heart, when he knew our relationship was temporary.

"Go on and enjoy your night. Don't keep him waiting."

I found Noah sitting on the golf cart. He smiled as I climbed on. "I can't get used to the fact that you're here, but then my dick reminds me of what happened in the shower."

I smacked him on the arm. "Noah, wait until we leave her house before you talk like that."

"What did she want to tell you?"

"She asked me not to hurt you."

He grabbed my hand and put it up to his lips. "So don't."

His comment made me rethink what the old woman had said. Was Noah in love with me? Had all of our time talking and being away from each other made what we had stronger? "Noah, I-."

"Don't ruin the moment, Shalan. You're about to see something as beautiful as you are." We came up over this hill and I knew right away what he was talking about. The sun was setting and the sky was different hues of red and orange. Noah pulled me closer to him and kissed the side of my head. "What do you think?"

"It's perfect."

"Just like you. I knew you'd like it."

Waves of anxiety overwhelmed me. This was a side of Noah that I wasn't used to, and although it was even better than I ever could have imagined in my head, it reminded me that I had to leave it behind and go back to New York.

I watched the sun disappear in the horizon, and appreciated the arms that were around me. Every second I spent with Noah was making me wonder if the life I'd always wanted was as good as what he already had. He was so lucky, and I was sure that he didn't even know it. There was nothing I wouldn't have given for a family like his. In my eyes, he was the luckiest man I'd ever met.

"Thank you for inviting me here, Noah. I know I just arrived, but it's wonderful."

"I thought you'd like it."

"I may never want to leave."

Noah turned his head and leaned forward to kiss me. When our lips met he held his over mine. After pulling away, he said something that I will never forget. "I may never let you."

Noah

Something was seriously wrong with me. From the minute I saw her on my parent's porch I'd started acting like a sap. Since it was so out of character I wasn't sure how to approach Shalan about anything else. She and I both knew that even a label couldn't stop the inevitable, yet every moment I spent with her made me want to keep her as close to me as possible.

Right now she was singing backup for artists that were on tour, but once she got her own opportunity to shine, a country boy like me would be the last thing she needed in her life.

Shalan was going to be famous. She had this gift that deserved to be shared with the world. As lucky as I was to meet her in that bar, I felt torn because I wished I'd never heard her sing. Who would have known that one night at a karaoke bar would change her life like it had?

As nervous as I knew she'd been, Shalan survived dinner with my parents. I'd never seen her scarf down food like she did when she tasted my mother's cooking. Now I think she understood why I still ate there so much. After dinner we all sat around talking, and Shalan told my parents about her pending record deal. While she helped my mother do the dishes, I walked out on the porch with my dad, who had his own concerns about my girlfriend.

"Son, I'm not tryin' to start with you, but have you considered the lifestyle that girl's goin' to be livin' in? I don't know if you were too young to remember, but the music industry ain't all as glamorous as it's cracked up to be."

"I remember just fine. Look, I know you just met her. There's a lot that you don't know. Maybe I shouldn't tell you this, but her mother died of breast cancer when she was a kid."

My dad looked away, seemingly still affected by that disease.

"Shalan's dad became a drunk. There were nights when he thought she was his dead wife." My dad turned toward me shocked. I held up my hands. "Nothin' happened, but she knew she had to get out of the house, so after graduation she went to stay with her uncle who owned a bar. They treated her like she wasn't a real part of the family. In the meantime she was datin' this loser that cheated on her with pretty much her only friend. You see, when I met Shalan her whole world was crumblin' at her feet. You probably don't understand this, but I felt like I had to save her."

My dad cleared his throat, which he did when he was thinking of how to reply to something. "Son, I do understand. My concern is that now that she's in a better place, what are you goin' to do when she moves on and forgets all about you? I'm not sayin' it's goin' to happen, but you need to prepare yourself. Shalan is a beautiful girl. If she can sing half as good as you're tellin' me then she's got a real shot at getting far in the industry. I don't have a right to ask you this, because you're a grown man who can make his own decisions, but please don't get involved in that lifestyle. I don't want to see you turn out like your uncle."

I put my arm on his back. "You don't need to worry about that. I turned down the offer to sing as partners when they first approached us."

"What?" He turned to face me. "They wanted to sign you?"

I shrugged. "That's what they said. I'm sure it was a ploy to get Shalan."

"And you turned it down?"

"It's kind of a long story, that has to do with Bells, and it doesn't even matter. I don't regret not goin'. I just regret not bein' there for Shalan. She's always been alone, and I hate knowin' that."

"You really care about this girl?" He leaned on the railing to the porch and looked out into the dark yard.

"Yeah, I really do."

My dad looked over at the door to make sure nobody was coming. "Could she be the one?"

"I don't know. I've never connected with anyone like I have her, that's for sure. I mean, we talk all the time, and I miss her like crazy when we're not together."

"Could you see yourself with her in the future? Could you see her here?"

"Seriously, I don't know. We haven't been datin' that long."

"Noah, I'm goin' to tell you a little story, and hopefully you'll understand where I'm comin' from." He turned toward me and crossed his arms over his chest. "When your uncle Ty was injured in that car wreck, I went to go help out in North Carolina at their farm. Now I'd seen your mother through the years, but this time was different. She'd become a woman, and I couldn't take my eyes off of her. The problem was that she was with your uncle Ty, and had been for some time. I tell ya, I did my best to ignore what I was feelin' for her, but she was fragile, and something in my bones made me want to help her. I felt drawn to her in a way I'd never felt before. After only a short time things started happening between us that neither of us could stop. We started sneakin' around, spendin' all of our time together. Then your uncle woke up. I'll give it to your mom for being a good person, because your uncle didn't deserve her. The hardest thing I ever did was watch her with him. Did you know they were engaged?"

I shook my head. "No. You never told me that."

"It was only for one night. He'd asked her in front of everyone they knew and she felt obligated to accept. During the party some things happened and she found me. I couldn't watch them, so I'd taken a drink and went out to a combine in the field to be alone. I'd lost the girl, and there wasn't a damn thing I could do about it, so I thought. Then she was there, standin' in that field in the pourin' rain. She told me she loved me, and I told her the same. In that moment time stopped, I swear it did."

"So you brought her home and married her?"

"Nope. Your uncle Ty caught us the next night in his daddy's truck. We started to roll around until your mother broke things up. I was fully prepared to take her home with me, but she was feelin' guilty about Ty and I got the call that your granddaddy had fallen off the ladder. I rushed home to say goodbye and missed it by only a little bit of time. You see, Noah, at that point in my life I didn't have my priorities straight. I thought I did, but there always felt like somethin' was missin'. I pushed your mom away, but she came running right to me, and the rest is history."

"I don't get what this has to do with me." The story was nice to hear, especially since my dad was always a hard-ass, but it had nothing to do with me or Shalan.

"That's where you're wrong. The way you look at her, the way you kept her a secret, that's love. You can fight it all you want, but it's for real, and it's goin' to rip out your heart if you let it."

"I think I can handle my relationships."

"Noah, I'm tellin' you this because I've been in your shoes, son. This ranch ain't for everyone to love. I get that. It takes a strong woman to want this kind of life, so if you think she's worth it, and you're willin' to lose every fight from now until your last dyin' day, you make sure she knows how you feel. Don't let her slip away."

"Why are you bein' so nice to me? You don't even know her."

"Boy, how do you think my mother felt when I brought my cousin's long-term girlfriend home with me to stay?"

I'd never even considered that she'd met my family before. "She probably thought you were hardheaded and that it was a terrible mistake."

"Exactly. Does that remind you of someone?"

I smiled, finally understanding how alike we were. Though I hated to admit it, my dad had a point. My feelings weren't about a time or a place. They didn't have anything to do with how long we'd been seeing each other. There was something there that I'd never felt before, and if I didn't make my move I could lose it forever.

I reached out for my dad's hand. "Thanks for the talk."

He placed both hands on mine. "Noah, I know I'm hard on you, but you're my son and I just want you to have what I have. I've never regretted this life, and you kids. You're the reason I wake up with a smile every day. Life means nothin' to me if I don't have my family, even the ones I'd love to trade in sometimes. Together we're better."

My dad walked back inside after our talk, and for the first time in as long as I could remember I felt closer to him. It felt like he really did know what I was going through.

Shalan came outside almost immediately after, and found me still standing on the porch. She put her hand into mine and leaned the other on the railing. Though I'd never seen her wearing the dress before, the white long flowing fabric looked beautiful against her naturally tanned skin. "It's so quiet here, Noah."

The sound of creatures was all that could be heard. Crickets sang in the background, while frogs were also very apparent. "I wouldn't say it's quiet."

"I mean there's no traffic horns, sirens, or people fighting in the streets. It's peaceful."

"So, you like it so far?"

"What's not to like? It's overwhelmingly huge, but still the most beautiful thing I've ever laid eyes on."

I chuckled. "I was talking about Kentucky, Shalan, not my dick."

She slapped me. "You would say that. You're so sick."

"Now you're rhyming."

"I'm not going to talk to you if you keep it up."

I rushed forward, throwing her over my shoulder. She kicked her feet and beat on my back, but I kept moving. Once she was on the golf cart, I drove us out by the old willow tree to show her something even more spectacular.

I didn't have a blanket, so the grass was going to have to suffice. Shalan took my hand and let me guide her to where I wanted to sit. "It's so dark out here. Aren't you scared something is going to get us?"

"Nah. I'm bigger." I sat down and she sat between my legs with her head rested on my thigh. "Look up, beautiful."

The sky, so full of stars, was the most breathtaking view each night at our ranch. I knew that she couldn't see them this good in New York. "This is amazing, Noah."

"Yeah, so are you."

Her attention turned to me. "You're different here."

"Maybe it's you that's makin' me different."

"What do you mean? Are you trying to impress me, because you don't have to try, Noah, I like you no matter what."

"You like me?" For once I was starting to hate the word.

"Of course I do." Shalan sat up and straddled me. I held her there, making sure she was as close to me as possible. She smelled like my soap, only reminding me that I'd washed her earlier.

"I'm not real good at this, so forgive me for bein' blunt, but I don't want you to like me, Shalan. I don't want that at all."

Her smile, noticeable against the pale moonlight, turned into a frown. "I don't understand. I thought we -."

I had to kiss her so I had time to think about what I wanted to say. She pulled away, looking more concerned than ever. "Noah, I-"

I placed my finger over her lips and went for it. "I don't want you to just like me, Shalan, I want you to love me." Her eyes doubled in size as I released my finger from her lips. "Havin' you here, feelin' you close to me, I don't want it to end."

"Don't do this right now, Noah. Please, I'm begging you. Just hold this conversation until I get things sorted out."

Right then and there was when I knew she was going to break my heart, and what was about to come next would end it all.

Shalan

I'd gotten the call when I was helping his mother with dishes. Shelly rang me to offer me a spot on a tour of Europe with a popular country band, who had a back up singer quit on them. She'd explained that this was common, especially during long tours where people were away from their families. For me it was easy. The tour would last for two months, with breaks in between cities. I was so excited that I'd accepted immediately. This was my chance to travel the world, and sing my heart out. If I impressed the company enough, I could speed up the process on my own album.

There was just one problem standing in my way.

Noah.

Since I'd arrived at the ranch he'd been amazing. I fell in love with his family, and treasured the perfect life that they had together. It was a life that I'd only ever dreamed of having.

I'd planned on telling Noah my news when we left dinner, but then he took me out to see that beautiful sky, and I got lost in the moment. The only thing more exciting than a record label was being in Noah's arms. I know the two have nothing to do with one another, but in my eyes it felt equally as fulfilling.

Everything was fine until he started talking. Then I knew that my decision was going to tear him apart.

We'd talked about this. He knew this could happen for me. This was why we didn't do labels. It just sucked that the moment we took that leap I'd get the chance of a lifetime.

"What do you have to sort out, darlin'? I thought we established things earlier."

His smile had dissipated and I could see that his hope was failing. "Can we go back to your place? There's something I need to tell you."

"Tell me here. We're all alone."

"Please." I needed the couple minutes it would take us to get back to decide how to tell him that I wasn't staying. He's planned our weekend out and I knew he was going to already be pissed. Now, on top of everything, I was going to be in another country for a long period of time. Shelly had told me on the phone that they didn't just choose me for my singing. She said she needed someone they could count on to be gone for long periods of time. Since I told her I had no attachments, she assumed I was the perfect candidate.

Noah walked us back to the golf cart and we started driving back to his house. "You're really not goin' to talk to me until we get back?"

I wrapped my arm under his and nestled my head next to him. More than anything I wanted to tell him that I was in love with him. I'd known it for a while, but life got in the way. I was being selfish, I knew I was. Still, I couldn't stop wanting to be with him. "It's not about what you said in the field, Noah. I just need to tell you something important."

He stopped the golf cart and turned toward me. "Are you pregnant?"

"What?" Shocked, I backed away. "Why would you think that?"

"We don't exactly use protection anymore. I just assumed."

"I'm not pregnant, at least I wasn't the last time I checked. It's not that at all, I promise."

It was strange seeing such concern in Noah's eyes. He was truly a strong man, and I hated that I was hurting him. It made me want to pack my bags and run away, just to avoid seeing the look in his eyes when he found out.

We pulled up to the house, but we weren't alone. A strange car was in the driveway. Bella was standing on the porch yelling at a blonde who stood in front of the steps.

"You need to leave, Perry. I ain't goin' to tell you again. If I come down there, I'm goin' to kick your pretty little ass."

"You can't tell me what to do. Noah needs to talk to me. He can't keep doing this."

"Fuck my life," Noah mumbled. "Stay here. It's dark enough she won't see you."

I grabbed his arm. "That's your ex?"

"Unfortunately."

Noah approached the woman, and talked low so I couldn't hear what he was saying. For someone that had been cheated on and lied to, it rubbed me the wrong way. After Bella went back inside, I was just sitting there not knowing what was being said. When I couldn't take it anymore I climbed off the golf cart and headed for the house. I just wanted to start packing my things up to go home. This was the last thing I needed in my life.

I reached the porch when I heard her speaking louder. "That's her? That's who you're f**kin' now? Did you just come from the willow tree?" She turned her attention to me. "Let me guess, he took you to see the stars? You aren't the first, darlin'." She mocked Noah.

"Cut it out, Per."

"No, I'm done here." She pointed to me. "You can have him. All he'll do is make you fall in love with him while he's f**king your sister. Good luck with that."

I felt like all of the food I'd consumed was going to come rushing back up. Before she got into her car, I was already running inside of the house. Bella said something as I passed her and made a beeline for the bathroom, locking the door so that he couldn't come in after me.

Noah was a liar and a cheater, just like the rest of them. It was probably why he didn't tell his family about me. He kept secrets and I couldn't handle that, especially after my last relationship.

The knock on the door startled me. "Shalan, let me in."

"Go away, Noah. I don't have anything nice to say to you."

"Please. I can explain. I swear it. It's not what you're thinkin', darlin'."

I put my face against the door as I screamed, "I'm not your f**king darlin'. This thing between us is over. You can either call me a cab or drive me to the airport yourself. Right now I don't even care. I just want to get the hell away from you."

I looked in the mirror and saw the makeup running down my face. Up until this moment I hadn't even noticed that I was crying.

"Shalan, please. I don't want you to leave."

After my face was free of makeup I took a few deep breaths and opened the door. Noah was standing there looking as if he'd lost his best friend. For a moment I felt sorry for him, until I remembered what had just happened. "Save your story for the next girl you bring around. I refuse to deal with men like you, Noah. I'm just done."

He grabbed my arm and I snatched it back away from him. "Don't you f**king touch me. Don't you ever touch me again."

"You don't mean this." He grabbed my bag before I could reach for it. "I know you don't. Shalan, you love me. I can feel it when we're together."

"Your dick can't sense love, Noah. Give me my bag and let me go."

He stared at me for a second, as if I was going to breakdown and change my mind. Then the bag fell free. I opened it and shoved my dirty clothes inside, feeling the belt that I hadn't yet given him. I pulled it out and threw it towards him. "Here's something to remember me by."

I don't know why I thought it was smart to walk out the door and head for the gates. It would take me days to get to the airport on foot, and Noah knew it. I heard his truck start up before I'd made it a quarter of a ways down the lane. He rolled down the window as he pulled up beside me. "I didn't tell you about her sister because I knew you'd get mad. It's not like you think. I would never do that to you. You're different."

I turned to look at him. "Do you know how many times I've heard that, Noah? I'm different? Well, I don't really care what I am, because you know what? I'm done. I'm done with you and every other man on the planet. I'm tired of secrets. All this time I thought I'd learned everything about you. We said no secrets, and you held a huge one from me. How could I ever love someone like you?"

Noah put the truck in park and flew out the door. He chased me a good ways before he caught me and held me from behind. "I'm not lettin' go until you calm the hell down and listen to me. Nothin' has to change. Perry is an overdramatic bitch. She said that thing about the stars to get you angry. It's not a secret place that I take women to. My whole family goes up there to watch the stars. Ask Bella if you don't believe me. I just wanted to take you somewhere quiet to talk to you, that's all."

"Even if that part is the truth, there are still lies. You kept me from your family, and you slept with your girlfriend's sister. What kind of man does that? Did you really not think about what that would do to their relationship?"

I was crying again, just imagining having a sister and my boyfriend sleeping with her. I thought my best friend was bad, but that tops it all.

"She came on to me. We were drinkin' and it happened. I can't take it back. It's why I ended things with Perry. I couldn't live with what I did. You have to believe me, Shalan."

"I'm sorry, Noah. I just can't." Noah kissed the top of my head and finally let me go. I couldn't look him in the eyes and show him how destroyed I felt. "Please, just take me to the airport. The sooner I'm home the better I'll feel."

Noah climbed into his truck and waited for me to get in. We drove the long trek in silence, and I said nothing as I hopped out and grabbed my bag. As I was walking away I could see the reflection of his truck in the glass door as I approached it. Noah had his head against the steering wheel like he was upset. Even if he was, it didn't compare to the hurt I was feeling.

I sat alone in the airport all night long thinking about him. His touch, his smell, and the way he held me made it hurt so much worse. Noah had made me feel so good about myself. He'd given me hope when I thought I had nothing left. As much as I was mad at him, I felt devastated that this was our goodbye.

I would have liked to know what we could have been if the circumstances were different. I guessed now I never would.

Noah

How could things go from being so right to so damn wrong?

I sat in my truck for a long time wondering how this had all came to be. I had her right where I wanted her. I could taste our future, and in the blink of an eye it was all gone. Shalan wanted nothing to do with me, and I didn't know how I was going to fix it.

After I left her several messages unanswered, I headed home. My cousin shot out of her seat and wrapped her arms around me. "I'm so sorry, cuz. I tried to get her ass to leave before you got back."

"It ain't your fault, Bells. It's mine for not bein' honest about a few things."

Bella pulled away and looked me right in the eyes. I wasn't in the mood to have her trying to figure out what was going on in my head. "You're in love with that girl, Noah. I can see it in your eyes. What the hell just happened?"

"I f**ked up before I met her, and it's somethin' she'll never be able to look past. My feelin's don't matter to her, not anymore. It's over. It ain't like it would have worked out anyway. I'm stuck on this f**king farm, and she's got a fancy future ahead of her. Who would ever want to give up a chance to be famous to be here?"

Bells cocked her brow and shoved me. "Men are so stupid."

"What's that supposed to mean?" I watched her walk into the kitchen and grab a bottle of whiskey.

"Here. Drink this and you'll be able to sleep tonight without thinkin' about it."

I shoved the bottle back into her hand. "No. I'm fine."

"Yeah," she said sarcastically. "You look fine."

"She's just a girl. It was pu**y. There's plenty more where that came from." I started to walk in the direction of my room, hoping that she'd shut up and leave it be.

"You keep tellin' yourself that, but I know it's not how you feel, Noah."

A knock at the door made my stomach rattle. I rushed past my cousin to see if Shalan had somehow found her way back to me. That's when I knew I was in bad shape.

My mother came in the kitchen. "Hey, Shalan forgot her sweater. I just found it tucked into the couch cushions. I thought she might need it in the morning in case it's chilly."

I grabbed the sweater and felt the fabric with my fingers. "She's gone."

"What? I thought she was staying until next week. We talked about her going to church with us in the morning and singing a song."

I assumed she'd talked to my mother about church when they were cleaning up dinner. My cousin walked toward the kitchen door. "I'm just goin' to go check on Gram and Lucy for a bit."

My mother sat down and waited for me to do the same. "Noah, talk to me. I can tell something happened."

This was probably where I should have told her everything was fine and it was my choice, but every single time I looked into my mom's blue eyes I saw a woman that would give her own life for my happiness. She was my angel, and I couldn't lie to her, especially about Shalan. "She's gone."

"Is this about the call she got when you were outside?"

"The call?" I shook my head. "She never mentioned it."

My mom reached over and rubbed my arm. "Sweetie, I can tell you care a lot about her. Did you have a fight?"

I shrugged. "No. Not exactly. It was more like she had a revelation."

"Noah, you can tell me anything. I'm not going to ever stop being your mother. You know that. We've been through enough for you to be able to trust that." I had to stop looking into her eyes. She made me weak when I needed to be strong.

"I messed up with Perry. That's where it all started. Things were alright between us. I mean, we were a good couple. When she went on that trip with her friends I went out and found her sister drunk. I tried to do the right thing by takin' her home before she did somethin' stupid. I meant well, I promise you I did."

My mom covered her face with her hands. "Oh, Noah, tell me you didn't sleep with her sister?"

I placed my palms up in the air. "It was a mistake, but it was one I couldn't take back." I looked away, knowing she was sitting in front of me judging the shit out of me. "I know you're disappointed, because you didn't raise me to be that kind of man."

My mom had tears forming in her eyes. She nodded. "You're right, you definitely know better, but-," she paused for a minute. "We all make mistakes."

"I tried to do the right thing with Perry after that. To spare her relationship with her sister, I ended things. I figured if I walked away then they could go on livin' and bein' sisters. I'd done enough harm." I scratched my head and almost chuckled when I thought back to her sister walking in blabbing that night. "Her sister came in during our breakup. I was mid-sentence and she thought I was confessin' about us. Then she proceeded to stand there and apologize for sleepin' with me."

"You're kidding?" My mom kept her hands over her mouth.

"Nope." I let out an air-filled laugh imagining my piss-poor luck. "How about that for Karma?"

"Noah, I'm sorry that happened the way it did, but I don't understand how any of this has to do with Shalan."

"The night I met her, after ruinin' your anniversary party, I basically had to rescue her from a terrible situation. She'd caught her boyfriend that she lived with, and her best friend havin' sex. Her opinion regardin' cheatin' was pretty clear, so as we got to know one another on our first trip to New York, I kept what I'd done from her. Then tonight, when we got back from dinner, Perry showed up and proceeded to let Shalan know that I'd slept with her sister, and that there was no end to who'd I'd cheat with. That was it. She packed her things and told me she never wanted to see me again. I don't blame her, really I don't. It just sucks, because I'm pretty sure she was the one. Before you say somethin', I already know we couldn't have ever worked out. Her life is out on the road, while mine is here. Even if I left, all my roads end up back here. I'm tired of fightin' dad on that. It just sucks knowin' she hates me. I would have been good to her."

My mom sat there, I guess trying to figure out what to say to me. She rattled her nails on the tabletop. "I wish she knew you the way that I do. She'd know that one man's mistake doesn't represent who he's going to become. We live and learn, Noah. I can see that you're sorry for what you did, and it's a shame that Shalan had to catch her boyfriend like that. I've been in her situation and know what that feels like. It takes a long time to get over that."

"Like I said, it's over with. She's done, and I'm in no position to change her mind."

My mother meant well, but talking about it was only making me more upset. I needed to be alone, so I could figure out the best way to get her out of my head. With the exception of her last trip we'd been talking every day, sometimes more than once. She'd become part of my normal routine, and it was going to be hard to get through the day without worrying about her, or wondering what she was doing. I was going to miss her sweet voice like crazy, and even the way she could say something so mundane and have me begging for more.

"Sometimes when you love something you have to let it go."

"That's a dumb sayin' someone made up to make a person feel better."

"No. It's the truth. If Shalan didn't care deeply for you, she wouldn't have left so upset. She's hurt and she needs time to heal. Just let her know that you're not going anywhere."

"Mom, I appreciate this talk, but I'm not givin' up my man-card anymore than I already have today. I'm not goin' to beg her. It ain't happenin'."

She raised her brow. "Just like your father."

"Whatever. I am who I am."

She stood up and looked down at me. "Noah, sometimes it takes a man's sensitivity to win back the woman he loves. The sooner you accept that, the better your life will be. I've never felt more in love with your father then the few times I've seen him cry. I know you say she's moving on, but you've got this small window to make things right. Don't wait until it's too late for that." She started to walk toward the door. "Oh, and about leaving the farm...It will be here when you get back, whenever that may be."

She winked and left me sitting in the kitchen alone as she exited.

I just sat there for a while, thinking about the situation. Shalan didn't trust me, and that hurt, but her writing me off was inconceivably hard. Even if she didn't want to be with me, I at least needed her to know how I felt. She needed to know that I'd do anything to make it up to her.

An hour later, after a long shower to try to make myself feel better, I tried to call her. When she didn't answer I just hung up, knowing a voicemail wasn't going to help my case.

I sent her a message instead; one she could read whenever she was ready.

I'm already a mess without you, Shalan. Please call me so we can work this out. What happened was a terrible mistake. I'd never do that to you. - Noah

Two days went by before she responded.

How do you know that you'd never do that to me? I can't trust you, and I feel like I don't even know you. It's best if we stop talking. It was fun, but I've got to focus on my career now. - Shalan

They weren't the words that I wanted to hear. She was definitely done with me, and I hated knowing it. All of my feelings were a jumbled up mess. I wasn't sleeping, and even my mother's food couldn't make me want to eat. This woman had me messed up in ways I never thought possible.

I knew it was going to be a mistake, but after waiting a whole day to respond, I sent her one last message figuring she wouldn't reply.

I wish you the best with your career. I know you'll be a star. You deserve happiness, and I hope you find it. I can't wait to hear that beautiful voice on the radio. It's going to happen for you. - Noah

Immediately she responded back.

Thank you. I'll never forget how I got here, even if it didn't go the way I wanted it to. I'm glad I met you, Noah Mitchell. Take care of yourself. - Shalan

I traced her words on my phone, knowing this was her final goodbye. It got me so upset that I had to go duck into a pole building to calm down. I didn't want anyone seeing me so discombobulated over a woman. I'd never hear the end of it.

After a full days work I still wasn't able to come to grips with Shalan's goodbye. Once I got cleaned up I laid on my bed and thought about the way her skin felt to touch, and the way her smile always made me smile back. I thought about that voice of hers that got me every time.

Knowing that I had to make peace with the situation and move on with my life, I picked up my phone and did something I knew I'd probably come to regret.

I love you. - Noah

After hitting send I tossed my phone across the room and it shattered into pieces. Those three words were only going to piss her off, and at this point it wasn't going to do me any good. We'd met unexpectedly and ended the same way. I had to live with that now, and there wasn't a damn thing I could do to change it.

Shalan

I had to stay focused, because it was the only way that I could handle losing Noah. His last message was a constant reminder of how much I wished things could have been different. I'd never set out to have him come into my life and save me from myself, but he had. I hadn't been lying when I said I'd be forever grateful to him.

The next week went by so slowly. I'd packed and prepared for my big trip way too soon. Since my housing was only temporary, it wasn't like I was leaving behind anything of value while I was gone. My stay there was only until my album was cut, and then I'd be on my own, making plenty of money to have means to find a place to stay.

On the day that we left for the tour, I felt overwhelmed with guilt about Noah. Even though I knew I couldn't trust him, a part of me longed to be in his arms again. To be honest, it was the only place I'd ever felt completely safe.

My flight overseas was long, and for the most part I knew nobody that I was traveling with. I found myself having too much time on my hands to think about my life, and all of the decisions that had gotten me to this point.

I knew I was lucky. Who gets a record deal after performing karaoke at a hotel bar? It was insane, but for sure happening to me. As blessed as I felt, I couldn't have gotten there without the one person I'd written off.

It hurt so much, and I cried until I couldn't see straight too many times over it.

The only thing left to do was take my emotions and write. It helped me say goodbye to my mother, and it was going to help me get over Noah. After all, how could I have fallen for him so hard so soon? Sure plenty of time had passed, but I was certainly in love, knowing that no man had every gotten to me the way he had.

In the time it took us to fly from New York to England, I'd written two songs. I'd cried through parts of them, and smiled in others. In all of the songs that I'd ever written, I never felt such a pull when I read them over. I knew I'd never be able to sing them, because they were the only thing holding me together, and if I shared them with the world it would make me vulnerable. I'd overcome that part of me, and I was determined to never show it again.

Our time overseas lasted a whole extra month, and none of us knew who to blame for the late notice. Three months is a long time to be away from the only world I'd ever known. During the day we would travel, and at night we would perform, only having a few days of the week for ourselves. Mostly, I traveled with the rest of the backup singers and got to know them. Of course, they wanted to know my story and I refused to open up about it. This is my new life, and Noah, as well as everything else, was my past.

Things started to get better as the days went by, but there was never one that I hadn't thought about Noah, his family, and their beautiful life that he'd never appreciated.

When our tour was over I was asked to continue after a months rest back in the states. I was over-the-moon excited for the opportunity and accepted without a second of thought.

Once I was home, settled into my apartment, and preparing for my first studio session it all came crashing down on me.

I'd received an email regarding the schedule of the cities that we would be performing in, and one was in Kentucky, near the airport that I'd flown into. Noah hadn't really told me all of his favorite band names, but I knew he liked country music and wondered if he ever went to concerts. As quick as I had the idea to send him tickets, I shook off the idea knowing that I couldn't reach out to him. We were over, and as much as a friendship would have made me feel better, I knew I'd always want more.

When I went to my session I sat down with the band and we went over melodies and brakes, practicing how we wanted to do the chorus until we all agreed it was perfect. Shelly had arranged for the music, and while she and her husband sat in the control room, looking down at all of my songs that they'd chosen, I knew this was do or die. I had to make an impression that would stand out.

We got through our first day with little problems. Five songs were in the bag and the next six were going to be just as easy. I'd practiced them for two months, and it helped that the music had already been added with the lyrics. All I had to do was memorize and make it my own.

On the third and final day Shelly got a call half-way in and asked if we could take a couple minutes to break until she got back. I stood around for a second, whispering the next song chorus to myself. Then I turned around and looked at the band. The box was empty and besides them, who'd heard me sing for the past three days, I was without an audience.

I closed my eyes and started thinking about Noah, and the words to one of my songs just started coming out. With my eyes still closed I heard the band beginning to play, giving me a rhythm to go off of. Every instrument added depth, and even more emotion to my lyrics, until suddenly I started to cry and couldn't continue. When I opened my eyes Shelly was standing up in the control room staring at me with shocked eyes.

I ran out of the booth as fast as I could making it to the bathroom before I lost it. All of my hidden feelings had come out and attacked me at the very moment I needed to be at my strongest.

Shelly found me leaning against the sink wiping my eyes. "I'm sorry, Shelly. I just-." She shushed me.

"I'm going to ask you something, Shalan, and you need to be honest with me."

I shook my head, ready to answer any questions about the breakup I'd told no one about.

"Do you think once you calm down you could sing that song again?"

I was shocked. "What?"

"Those words, that song, it was beautiful. That song needs to be your first single."

I shook my head. "No. It can't. There's no way I could record it."

"Shalan, honey I can see that song is dear to your heart, but people want to feel that emotion when you sing. Trust me, I deal with this every single day. I get that it's hard for you, but I'm telling you right now, that is the song."

When I wasn't able to answer, Shelly hugged me again and left me to calm down on my own. I couldn't believe that I'd let them hear the words I'd written Noah. It was such a mistake, but if it could be my first single, if I could make the charts, wasn't it worth it? Wouldn't Noah want me to go as far as I could?

It took me a while, but I walked out into the booth with a fresh face and half of a smile. I looked into the control room and gave Shelly a nod. "I'm ready for that song now."

"Okay guys, that song you were working on, let's work with that for a while. We need to change when the base comes in at first. I think Shalan should start without music, and then that third line you can come in strong." Shelly announced as she winked at me.

This was my chance. Being a backup singer was an amazing opportunity, but this was my dream. I was doing this for my mother, and everyone out there that thought I'd amount to nothing. It was for my brother, who'd never called me one time since I'd left town. It was for my father, who'd never been one to begin with. Lastly, it was for Noah, who got me to where I was now, even if it was by accident.

It was the hardest performance of my life, especially having to do it over and over again until we had enough recorded to piece it all together.

That night Shelly took me out to dinner to celebrate finishing all twelve tracks in three days. She said that it was rare and I was extremely talented. The feeling was overwhelming, and I broke down a couple times for different reasons. On our way home in the cab we passed the hotel where it all started. My mind went to Noah, and thankfully I was able to contain myself until I got inside of my apartment.

It wasn't just that I missed him, or our beautiful time we spent together. I think I was just so anxious about my album and my life that I couldn't take it all coming at me at the same time.

After grabbing a glass of wine, and curling up on the couch I stared at my phone. It had been months since I talked to Noah. For sure he'd moved on and forgotten all about those three last words he'd messaged me. Still, I just wanted to hear his voice. I needed to know he was out there somewhere.

So I called.

He answered on the first ring. "Shalan?"

His voice, that drawl, made me immediately begin to cry harder.

I couldn't reply. I just hung up the phone without saying anything. I knew he could see it was me calling, but I still hung up anyway.

The phone rang at least ten times after that until I turned it off. I couldn't talk to him and I knew why. I'd get lost in his voice and do whatever I could to see him. It would be a mistake that I couldn't risk making.

I had to let him go forever, even if I didn't know how.

Noah

I'd come to grips with things, and kept busy enough that it was now just a dull ache when I thought about her. At night her face was always the last person I pictured, but I was certain I'd never see her again. Shalan was gone, and she was much better off.

Then, after three months I got that late night call. I'd been lying in my bed trying to fall asleep and my phone rang. I could hear her crying, but she wouldn't speak. After she hung up I tried to call. If she was in trouble I would have found her and been with her in a heartbeat.

I waited days for a call back, but never got one. Those days turned into weeks and then months.

In that time my cousin and I had gone out a few times on the weekends. She was a good companion, because people just assumed we were a couple. When annoying men or women peaked an interest, we'd talk closer to each other, or I'd put my arm around her, making it look like we were an item. We thought it was funny, and honestly it wasn't anything we hadn't done before.

My cousin especially was always a one man kind of woman. When she was in college and came to visit me, I'd always have to pretend she was my girlfriend so guys wouldn't bother hitting on her.

Bells wasn't just my plus one though. She was there for me, even more than my mom could be. She was my go-to, who knew every detail about my past. In the months she'd been living with me, I'd confided in her, as she'd done the same to me. In all of my life she'd been that one person that always had my back, and I loved her for it.

Still, Bells could get annoying when I didn't live my life the way she wanted me to. Often she'd tell me what I was doing wrong, and become so pushy that I had to get away from her.

It had been six months since she'd walked out of my life. I remember it because it was the day that my heart shattered into pieces. My dad had finally come around and decided that it was time to give me more control over the ranch. I'm sure my mom was tired of me moping, but at the same time, I was ready for the challenge.

With him out of the picture for most of the day-to-day jobs, I felt that pent up anger going away. I also realized that the ranch was where I belonged. I knew it like the back of my hand, and my dad had instilled everything he knew in me since I was three years old.

I'd become grateful, and for that our relationship changed.

My mom was just happy that we could be in the same room with each other and talk shop without it becoming a world war.

On that night, exactly six months after my heart had been torn to pieces, and I'd written off women, my dad stopped by my place unannounced. He didn't knock before he came walking inside.

"What's up, dad? I have my phone on. You could have called."

"Your mom sent me. We got some tickets from a friend to see that band your mother likes. You know the one with the guy and girl singer?"

"I don't pay attention to what she likes."

"Anyway, we've got four. She wants you and Bella to go with us."

I sat up in the recliner and leaned my elbows on my knees. "Seriously? A concert with you two old folks. It sounds like a terrible time."

My dad took off his John Deere ball cap and threw it at me. "We ain't old. Your mother and I can party like you kids any day of the week."

"What do I have to do to get out of this?" I was willing to do anything.

Bella came walking out of her bedroom. She had ear buds in, and was startled to see my dad in the living room, bent over to pick up his hat. "Hey, uncle Colt. I didn't know you were here."

"I came to ask you two to come to a concert with us tonight. It's that band your aunt likes with the two singers."

Bella laughed. "Oh my gosh, seriously? The one that sings that song about fishing in the pond with the mosquitos?"

He chuckled. "Yeah." Turning his attention all to me. "See, she knows."

"Whatever." I shook my head.

"Noah, we're totally going. Come on. Get your butt up and get ready."

"It starts at eight, so we should leave here in about an hour. I'll just give you the tickets when we get there. I think your mom stuck them in her purse." My dad left without waiting to hear me agree to go. I was outnumbered.

"Thanks a lot, cuz."

"Shut up and get ready. You need a night out. It's a concert. You used to love going to them."

I stood up and stretched. "Yeah, without my parents. I won't even be able to drink a few beers without them givin' me dirty looks. This night is goin' to suck. Mark my word."

"Just get ready. Hey, do you think I should wear my boots? You should wear your cowboy hat."

I walked into my room ignoring the fact that she was even trying to dress me. She was worse than a wife.

An hour later my parents were picking us up. My dad was wearing a damn cowboy hat, and my mother was smitten over him already. I knew they were still so in love, but it grossed me out all the same. My cousin hopped in the truck after me, still trying to slide on her other boot.

The drive there consisted of Bella and my mother going over the lyrics to every song that this band sang. By the time we pulled into a parking spot I even knew them. My dad was quiet when we walked up to the gates. My mom handed the person our tickets and he let us all in, after stamping our hands and giving us backstage lanyards.

The night couldn't get any worse. Not only were they dragging me to a concert with them, but I had to watch my mom and Bells fan-girl over some band afterwards.

Front row. How could my dad have not mentioned that the tickets were at the very front against the stage? The sold out crowd left for little room to stand straight, and my mother and cousin jumping up and down with excitement made the atmosphere even more unbearable.

An announcer finally came onto the stage when the first opening band was about to come on. Since I had no idea who was performing, I decide it was a good time to grab a couple beers. My dad went with me, eager to get some breathing room himself.

"It's crowded," he said once we got in line.

"Yeah. Why'd I let you talk me into this."

"You'll have a good time, Noah. Just get a beer and ignore your mom. She doesn't get out much like this. I think having you here means a lot to her."

He was right, and I knew I needed to stop complaining. I had my family and my health. I'd been in a six month rut and needed to wake up and realize that the only person in control of my future was myself.

I looked around the lines of people to see if I spotted any single females. It was time to get my game back on, even if I had to push myself to do it. Just as my eyes had finished coasting the first line, I heard something over the intercom that froze me in place.

"Thanks for having me here tonight. I'm a little nervous because it's my first time opening up." The crowds of people started screaming, and my heart began to beat a million miles a minute. I looked at my dad who was only smiling, as if he knew what I was thinking.

I handed him a twenty and ran back towards our seats. I had to know. I had to see.

"I'm going to start tonight off with a song dear to my heart. It's my single off of my new album, titled, Broken Love Darlin'." She looked down at the stage and closed her eyes. "Noah, if you're out there tonight listening, this is for you."

In the moment that I saw her standing on that stage the crowds of people surrounding me disappeared. I ran my hands through my hair and thought about jumping up there and having her in my arms again. She was so close to me, and I wondered if she knew I was out in the crowd, hearing her sing again.

She started without any background music.

It's been six days since I felt your kiss

Sweet bliss.

You gave me nothing but my dreams come true

I owe you.

Your touch keeps on haunting me,

I need your arms again holding thee.

I've tried to let you go,

but there's just something that keeps on telling me no.

Broken Love Darlin'.

I wish there was a way to make things right.

I think I'm dying deep inside.

I need those arms to hold me tight.

Broken Love Darlin'.

I can't ever forget.

It's my biggest regret.

There's no future... unless you're in it.

In front of all those people, my parents and cousin included, I felt my eyes watering up. She was singing her song to me, and my body went numb. Words could not begin to describe what it felt like knowing that the words were written about me. She didn't owe me, I owed her, for showing me what love felt like.

I stared up at that stage praying to God that she'd find me out of all those faces staring back at her.

It's been six months since I felt your kiss

Sweet bliss.

Now my dreams are all coming true

I still owe you.

Your touch still haunts me,

I need those arms to once more hold thee.

I've finally let you go,

but there's just something that keeps on telling me no.

Broken Love Darlin'.

I wish there was a way to make things right.

I think I've already died deep inside.

I need you back to hold me tight.

Broken Love Darlin'.

I will never forget.

It's my biggest regret.

There's no future... unless you're in it.

Broken Love Darlin'.

It's been six years since I felt that kiss

Sweet bliss.

I thought my dreams had all come true,

But they're nothing without you.

Your touch will always haunt me,

I wish I could feel what your arms felt like to hold thee.

I've tried so hard to let you go,

but there's still something that keeps on telling me no.

Broken Love Darlin'.

I wish there was a way to make things right.

I think I'm dead deep inside.

I want you back to hold me tight.

Broken Love Darlin'.

I will never forget.

You are my biggest regret.

I don't want a future... unless you're in it.

It's my Broken Love Darlin'.

I Love You, Darlin'.

Finally as the song finished, like she knew where I was all along, her eyes met mine. Her smiled never wavered as she went into the next tune, but her eyes never left mine.

Bella grabbed my arm and started shaking me. "Noah, can you believe it? I think your parents knew. They watched you that whole time. Oh my god this is crazy. She's freaking on stage singin' to you. TO YOU! Holy shit!"

I heard my cousin, but I couldn't respond. My heart was so full that I didn't want to move. Life stood still.

Shalan

My decision wasn't easy. I knew what I was risking. Being fully aware that he could have already moved on, I still made that call.

I had to.

I couldn't look in the mirror every single day and wonder if I'd made the biggest mistake of my life. What if I was different? What if he never would have hurt me? Did I just walk away from something people wait their whole lives for?

Every single time I had to sing that song I thought of what could have been. I was tired of wondering. Being alone wasn't a life, not one for me, not when I knew how good it felt to be loved.

My six months probationary period was over in my contract, and it was time for me to get my own place. I could live anywhere I wanted to, so I knew the deciding factor was going to fall on my plan. If it worked out, I'd be with Noah. If it didn't, I'd find somewhere to call home, and do my best at being happy with what I had.

His mother was very kind when I contacted her. I don't know what I expected. I guess knowing how much I hurt her son I figured she'd hate me. Instead she offered to do whatever it took. Since I already knew I had to perform the song, it was just a matter of getting him there to hear it.

The rest would be up to him.

Noah would decide if I could have another chance. He'd decide if we could make it work.

In the six months that we'd been apart I'd done a lot of soul searching. My single was set to drop in another week, and as nervous as I was about showing the world my talent, I longed for stability. The traveling was hard on me, maybe because I'd never done it when I was a child. Unfamiliar places made me uneasy, and even though I had friends in the business, they never made me feel whole.

I needed Noah, because no one had ever made me feel so complete.

Right before the show my nerves got the best of me. My hands started tingling and I felt as if I was going to pass out as soon as I walked out on the stage. Since I'd given them the tickets I'd memorized where I shouldn't look until I was fully prepared to see him again, after so long.

I'd waited for what felt like forever, and I had to peek. I had to see those green eyes looking up at me, telling me whether this was the worst mistake of my life, or the beginning of my future.

God, he was still such a beautiful man.

It was difficult to get through my next few songs without sitting down the mic and running into his waiting arms. When I finally finished, I noticed he was gone. Fear swept over me and I wondered if at some point I'd made him angry. Did he hate me for waiting so long? His mother had told me that he hadn't moved on, so I knew there wasn't anyone else.

I rushed through all of the people congratulating me on my performance, desperately searching for that one man that would repair my soul. Just when I'd given up hope that he was back there, I spotted his mother and father. Then there, sitting on a bench with his head looking down, I spotted him.

I froze.

His mother leaned down, and the next thing I knew he was turning in my direction, standing up and taking his first step toward me. I wanted to run, but I kept my composure and matched his strides. We met, face to face with so much to say to each other.

"I'm so glad you came." He was so much taller than me, even with my heels on.

"What am I doin' here, Shalan? Was that song about us? Did you write that to try to get me back?" His eyes were so serious. My face changed from excited to afraid. These weren't the questions that I expected. This wasn't how I saw it all working out.

"Well, yes. Sort of."

He let out an air-filled laugh. "Do you have any idea how hard it's been gettin' over you?"

"Noah, I-."

"You what? After six months you thought you could just walk back into my life and I'd be alright with that?"

My eyes felt hot as the tears began to fall. "I'm so sorry, but yes. I was so stupid."

I turned around to run away, so embarrassed that I'd made a fool out of myself.

"No you're not." He grabbed my arm and swung me back around. "It took you long enough."

I thought I misheard him. "What?"

He laughed. "I said, it took you long enough."

Noah pulled me closer and our lips met, finally after so long. He lifted me up into his arms mid kiss, ignoring the fact that we had an audience. Nothing mattered except what we were both feeling. Just like he'd always done, I felt complete, and I knew it was right.

Noah's parents and Bella decided to stay for the rest of the concert, while we left immediately after that. The cab fair to his house was nothing to either of us, for a chance to be alone. We never let go of each other the whole ride, even to catch our breath after long amounts of intense kisses.

Noah paid the cab driver and as soon as he was on his way, he picked me up and carried me inside of his house. We made it to the bed before he let me down. "Tell me again."

I giggled. I'd said it already on our walk to catch the cab, and several times while in the car. "I love you."

"Damn, that has a nice ring to it."

"It better. It's taking me months to practice it."

Noah and I sat up, slowly brushing our mouths together again. I couldn't get enough of him, and how just little things made me feel. He tugged on my dress and finally got it over my head. Within seconds his shirt was gone and I ran my hands over his hard, bare chest. "Tell me how this is goin' to work, again."

I continued to place pecks over his lips as I spoke and unhooked my bra. "The tours run four days a week for the next three months. Most of the cities are on the east coast, so I can catch a flight same day if I need to."

"And on weekends I can come with you," He added as he kissed the inside of my shoulder.

"Exactly," I closed my eyes and savored the way his lips felt as they slid over my skin toward my breast. "Then once the tour's done I'll be off for a while to work on new material."

He licked my already hardened nipple. "We'll make it work."

My head fell back when his touch became overwhelming. "Yes," I purred.

Noah stopped what he was doing and looked up into my eyes. I felt scared seeing him like that. "You're sure you want to live here?"

"I'm very sure."

"And you're not goin' to wake up one day and tell me to take you to the airport?" He was still struggling with the idea of having me back. It only reminded me how important I was to him.

"Not unless you really piss me off," I teased.

"I love it when you threaten me. It makes my dick hard."

"I think we can do something about that." I reached down his pants and took a hold of his warm, hard erection. I'd thought about him when I was alone in my bed at night. I'd imagined him being inside of me, bringing me both pain and pleasure at the same time. I'd longed for this reconnect, in hopes that it would happen.

I'd forgiven his wrongdoings, and gotten past my own. We had a fresh start, a clean slate, to rewrite what had gone wrong. I wasn't going to ruin it, and I knew Noah wouldn't either.

Noah didn't take his time ripping off my panties, nor did he hesitate when I unfastened the belt that I'd bought for him. Though I did smile when I noticed he was wearing it. Once we were naked in his bed, he hovered over me, taking me in like it was our first time together. He ran his hand between my br**sts and watched himself doing it. I spread my legs when he made his way past my belly button. One finger slid in between my lips, rubbing over my sensitive clit. I jumped, having gone so long without being touched by another. I started moving my hand over his shaft again, working him with the same pace his fingers were going. Noah stopped what he was doing and scrunched up his face. "You're goin' to have to stop that. It's been too long for me, darlin'. I need to be inside of you."

"Darlin'," I mocked.

"I forgot you hate that."

"I've never missed being called a name so much in my life."

"Good, because I didn't plan on stoppin'." We kissed tenderly with so much feeling. "I love you, darlin'."

When I heard that I started to giggle. I'd sang those words so many times practicing. Hearing them from the man who'd been the inspiration to that song seemed so unreal. I couldn't get over the fact that I was in his bed again, planning our future, as if no time had passed. We had a ton to sort through, but we could do it together. If things didn't work out for us it wouldn't be because we didn't try. I was going to give Noah my all, and if my career got in the way, I'd give it up in a heartbeat to make it right. He might not have known it, but he was my dream come true, and I knew my mother had given him to me. She was out there, watching me, and leading me in the right direction.

Noah

Six months later

I could hear the roosters sounding, but I couldn't get out of bed. There was a naked body on top of me that I refused to wake up. She'd been on the road for the past week, and after her travels home, and making love all night long, she was exhausted.

Then my cousin came barging into the room without knocking. "Guys, geesh, do you ever wear clothes?"

"This is our room, you know?" I said as I pulled the covers over Shalan.

"I just checked the charts. Guess what?"

I rubbed the sleep out of my eyes while I spoke, and felt Shalan moving over to the side. "What?"

"Broken Love Darlin' is number one."

The room filled with screams and suddenly my already filled bed had another body in it. Bella jumped on and wrapped her arms around Shalan as they both began to wail in excitement. "Oh.My.God.Number.One."

They rocked back and forth repeating it over and over again.

Not paying my cousin any mind, I climbed out of the bed, naked, and walked to the bathroom. She could only see my ass for a second, but that didn't stop her from making a comment. "Eww. You need to shave. The next time I see that hairy ass I'm callin' the zoo to come groom you."

They went back to screaming while I emptied my bladder. After wrapping a towel around my body, I walked out and stood over my bed. "Am I allowed to celebrate with my girlfriend now, or are you just going to stay in bed and watch us?"

She hopped up. "Sick. I'm out of here. Hurry up, though. We need to tell your parents before they hear it on the radio."

For weeks we'd been following the Billboard charts, hoping and praying that her song would get farther down. Never in a million years did any of us, especially Shalan, think she'd make it to number one. By the time Bells left the room her screams had turned into tears. "I'm sorry I'm crying. I can't believe this is happening."

"It's amazin', darlin'. You deserve this. I'm so proud of you." She'd been so busy, promoting and performing and now it was all worth it. I wiped away her tears. "Don't cry."

"I just never thought I'd be this happy, Noah. It's not even all about the number one. It's you. It's this life we have. I know it's hard when I'm away, but knowing that I have this home to come home to makes it all worth it. I wouldn't be where I am without you."

"This calls for a celebration. What do you say to Mama Savanna's pancakes," I kissed her on the lips. "With bacon and potatoes, and hot coffee?"

Shalan smiled and wrapped her arms tightly around my neck. "There's only one thing that sounds better than that."

I knew what it was, even before she said it.

"Sex in the shower?"

I stood up, letting the towel fall, and held out my hand. Shalan was easy to pull out of bed. She followed me into the bathroom and we closed the door behind us. Once the water was at the right temperature, we both climbed in. I was gentle washing Shalan's hair, while she brushed her teeth. It was funny how used to be couple we were. Being with her when she did every day things was never going to get old with me. It was the times like this that I treasured the most. People could buy tickets to hear her sing. They could read about her life on a Kentucky ranch, and how her boyfriend raised cattle, but they'd never know her; not like I did.

She was mine, and I hers. Nothing could take that away from us, not money, not fame, and certainly not another person.

Shalan took her toothbrush and rinsed it before sticking mine into my mouth. "I need some kisses without the morning breath."

I brushed my teeth and watched as she lathered up her hands and started washing me, from my neck all the way down to my feet. While she was on her knees, she took a handful of me and giggled before taking me into her mouth. I leaned back against the shower and let her work her lips for a bit. Knowing that a blow job was never going to be enough, I grabbed her hair and lifted until she let go. I kept her hair in my hands as I leaned in and kissed her hungrily.

Her arms wrapped around my back and her br**sts smacked into my chest. I turned her around after we pulled away and pushed on her back, causing her to bend over. My hands covered the circumference of her wet ass as I gripped both cheeks. I played with her opening, teasing her with the tip of my dick. Shalan moved her ass just enough to let me know she was ready. Her tight pu**y accepted all of me, and with little effort I maintained a rhythm. She held onto the faucet as we smacked together and then pulled apart. I watched my c**k going in and out of her. A sensation started deep inside and traveled down my shaft. We'd spent the last night making up for lost time, so this was just an added bonus. My hands held her hips firmly as I rammed into her even harder than before. Shalan cried out at the same time as me, my body filling her with my release.

Once I was able to move, I swung her around and pulled her in for a kiss. She responded eagerly, running her hands down my chest as our tongues meshed together. I knew what she wanted and I was happy to oblige. This day was for celebration, and I wasn't about to leave any stone unturned. I reached down between her legs, feeling the remnants of my load. Using it as a resource, I rubbed on her clit, applying just enough force to make her knees immediately buckle. Shalan dug into the skin on my waist as she cried out in ecstasy. Afterwards she brought her lips to meet mine. "Good morning, cowboy."

We both laughed. "Yeah, it sure is."

Celebrations in the Mitchell family were never small ordeals. From the moment that my mother found out about Shalan the whole family knew about it. By the time breakfast had ended Bells, my gram, my other grandparents and my mom had planned a huge party, where everyone was going to come to town and show their support.

Shalan was taken back by the way my family had accepted her, and even more amazed with how we all stayed so close. I literally had both sets of grandparents within a mile from the house. The ranch was becoming more like a private community than a family farm. I think in some ways we were the first family she'd ever had, since her mother had been sick when she was so young. We were a lot to take in, but she'd done great. From the moment she'd met them all during our first holiday together, she'd fit in. I couldn't have felt more pleased.

A celebration was a good time for us, but I was going to make it even more special. With all of her traveling around, and being in the spotlight, Shalan was missing something. I wasn't insecure, but I knew I'd feel a hell of a lot better if she was wearing a ring on her finger. I wasn't in any rush to get married, but I was certainly alright with being engaged.

I was so nervous the night of the party. The whole family had been getting on my nerves all day making a fuss out of every little detail they wanted done. Shalan wasn't allowed to help decorate, nor was she allowed to come into the party until everyone was there. All of our houses were full of guests, even my younger cousins that I would have loved to have left out. With so many people around, all of them family, I knew it was now or never.

Shalan was waiting on the porch of our house when I pulled up on the golf cart to get her. She was wearing this white dress, that we'd purchased in Texas a few months back. Her hair blew in the wind, and she looked stunning. "Hey, beautiful. You need a ride?"

She walked over, climbing on quickly. "I thought you'd never ask."

I got halfway to my gram's house before stopping and turning toward her. "I can't do this."

"Do what?" Of course she had no clue was I was talking about.

"I need to ask you somethin', right here and right now."

"Okay." She giggled and looked around. "Why here?"

We were in this small patch of woods, completely alone. "Because. Just come with me."

I grabbed her hand and led her into the woods, having her sit down an a fallen tree. "I was going to ask you this later, but -."

"Ask me what? Is it about the party?"

I got down on my knee and her eyes got huge. "Shalan, I ain't sayin' right now, but someday will you be my wife, darlin'?"

She started to answer but I cut her off. "Even if you say no, will you at least wear the ring, so the whole world knows you're taken?"

Shalan giggled. "Are you going to open the ring box, or do I not get to see it unless I answer yes?"

I laughed and noticed that I hadn't even opened the box. "Oh shit."

I went to lift it and Shalan put her hands over it. "Wait. Either way my answer is yes. Yes, I will wear the ring, and yes I'll be your wife, whenever we both feel ready."

I kissed her so quickly that she almost lost her balance and fell into the fallen leaves. We both laughed as I held her close. "Sorry, I got a little excited."

She grabbed my face and pulled me in for another kiss. "You never have to worry about the world Noah. My life is here with you."

I stood up and reached out for her hand. She cleared her throat. "Are you ever going to show me the ring I'm supposed to be wearing?"

I stood in my tracks and handed her the box. "You got me all messed up, woman. Here, you open it."

Bells had helped me pick it out, and after more money than I cared to admit spending, I watched my girlfriend gasping in shock. "Oh my God. It's huge."

"I get that a lot," I teased.

She pushed me. "You know what I'm talking about. Noah, you didn't have to. I would have been fine with anything you bought me."

"I wanted you to have the best. Besides, ain't nobody goin' to overlook that on any red carpet."

Shalan rolled her eyes. "You do realize that when I have red carpet events your ass will be in a tux escorting me?"

I frowned thinking about getting dressed up. "Is that what I'm signed on for?" I grabbed the box. "Here, let me take that back."

She snatched it away from me and put the ring on her finger. "You're never getting it back now."

I stopped fighting and grabbed both of her arms. Her smile went away as I pulled her closer to me. "Fine, I'll wear the tux, but only if you put out after every event."

I leaned in to kiss her again as she began to laugh. "Deal," she said mid-kiss.

With the family expecting us, I was content on spending the whole night hidden in the woods with Shalan.

Until my phone started to ring.

She grabbed it out of my pants pocket and answered, "We're on our way."

I chased her out of the woods and onto the golf cart. Once we were driving again, she rested her head on my shoulder and held up her hand. "I wonder if they'll notice?"

"Well, bein' that your ring cost more than my dad's new tractor, I'd say they'll notice."

The idea of my dad's reaction wasn't the highest on my list. I was going to get a lecture, whether it was right away, or after he'd had weeks to let it simmer. My frugal dad wasn't too keen on money being spent in vain.

"I don't have to keep this ring, Noah. We can get something smaller."

"Woman, I had to sell my left nut for that ring. You're keepin' it."

"I saw your left nut this morning, you big fat liar." She started to laugh and shake her head. "You're not going to tell anyone are you?" She knew me too well.

I chuckled. "Nope."

She put her foot onto the brake pedal. "Did you ask me in the woods because they think it's going to happen at the party? Did you do this so you didn't have to do it in front of everyone?"

"Maybe." I pressed on the gas and we started moving again. In just a few short minutes we were out front of my gram's house. "You ready, darlin'?" I asked as if nothing had happened.

Shalan hopped off the golf cart and walked into the house, not waiting for me. I followed behind her, knowing she was up to something. Sure enough, she waved her hands around. "We're here." She turned to flash me a smile. "And we're engaged."

I placed my hand on the small of her back and leaned in toward her ear. "Now they're not goin' to leave us alone."

She laughed as the family approached to congratulate the both of us. "Think of this as practice for the red carpet. We have an event in two weeks, darlin'."

Of course we did. "Can't wait." I winked and waited to be bombarded with hugs. This was my life, and for some amazing reason, she wanted to be a part of it. I looked over to see that smile and realized that I'd wear a monkey suit, and do anything she asked, just to be able to see that everyday.

No longer did I feel like I needed to leave the ranch to find happiness, because I already had more than any man could ever ask for. I turned to find my dad in the crowd of family members. Next to my uncles, he stood, nodding his head in approval. At the end of the day I never thought I'd care what he thought, but I had been very wrong. I'd become the man he'd always wanted me to be. I'd accepted my birthright, and the fact that there was nothing out there in the world that could bring me more joy than the people in this room could.

That there is my happy ending.

