Chapter 1

Heather

"Mommy, I don't want to go. Can't I stay with Daddy?"

I looked down at Jacob, who didn't understand the concept of death. The news was still too fresh in my mind to be able to talk about it without crying, and I couldn't let him see me upset, yet again. My child had seen enough of that in his short five years of life.

I kneeled down and brushed a piece of hair that was sticking up. "Buddy, you know we have to go."

He looked sad. "Can't we just go to heaven and visit Nana there?"

I could feel the burn forming in my eyes as I attempted once again to choke back the tears. My mother had suffered from cancer and tried all treatments that were offered, but it was too progressive. In a matter of months it had spread into her bones and several organs.

She died at the hospital, all alone, because I couldn't get Jacob's father to watch him and drive there in time.

She had no one there to hold her hand and tell her she was going to a better place. She didn't have a single family member there assuring her that her loved ones would be okay without her.

I hated myself, but more, I hated him. He was never there for me, and I couldn't blame him. We'd met under false pretenses and I'd pretended to be a complete stranger when I knew more secrets about his family than he did.

Jessie was everything that I'd been looking for. He knew I was in danger and made sure that I was safe. He cared about me like no other man ever had. He became my world.

It just so happened that when he found out the truth about me, his father, and everything I'd done, he made sure that I was removed from his life. Too bad the damage had already been done. I was already carrying his child.

I have to give it to him for trying. When he found out I was pregnant, he did make an effort. He was there when Jacob was born, pitched in with expenses, and showered him with love.

The only thing he showered me with was heartbreak and an occasional late night f**k. He continuously hurt me, by ignoring my calls and distancing himself from the life we could have had.

For the next five years, our relationship was on again off again. Sure, I'd considered going to drastic measures to win his heart, but we all know how that worked out for me in the past. Instead, I prayed and tried to be the best mother possible, no matter how much my heart was breaking.

When my mother got sick, Jessie and I were on terrible terms. His parents were a big part of it. Since they'd sheltered him from his biological father, you can imagine how unaccepting they were of me, intruding in their perfect life.

His mom came around when I had Jacob, but she wasn't pressing her son to be with me either. She just wanted us to get along for our son's sake.

When I heard Jacob running out of the bedroom, I applied the last of my eye makeup, knowing it was going to run all over my face probably before I got to the funeral home to check and make sure everything was a go for in the morning.

All of this still felt like a bad dream. Even with visiting as much as I could, I still had to take care of my son and work a full time job to support us. One thing I could appreciate was that my mother, in the midst of being sick, paid for me to finish up my nursing degree. I'd attended a four year college and attained a degree, but didn't follow through with the nursing program. After Jacob came along, I knew I needed a real career to be able to provide for the both of us, in case my baby-daddy wanted nothing more to do with us.

I'd been a nurse for nearly four years and I loved my job. After all of the bad things that I'd been responsible for, I'd found peace in helping the sick and needy. Of course, I worked in the Oncology ward, dealing with patients of all ages suffering from cancer. Some days were hard, but I knew I was helping and refused to give up, no matter how emotional the job got.

Knowing that I needed to get on the road, I sprayed my hair one more time and went out to gather up my kid and get going.

I'd no sooner walked out into the small kitchen, when I saw my son flying out the door toward the dirt driveway. Pulling in was his father in his big red truck. I grabbed my purse, wondering how bad this was all going to go since he refused to help me out just a day before. Once I took one more look at myself in the powder room mirror, I headed out to greet him.

Jacob was on his shoulders as we met in the driveway. I looked up into his father's blue eyes that still made me crazy in love with him. "I didn't expect you here."

He shrugged, but right away I noticed he was carrying a newly pressed suit wrapped in plastic. It was rare for him to be dressed in something other than jeans and a t-shirt. In fact, I'd only seen it twice. "Don't push it Heather. I thought about it and I know Jacob would want me there."

I wanted him there, but I wasn't about to piss him off by saying it. "I appreciate that. I was just about to leave. Do you need to get anything out of your truck? You do know I have to stay there for the next week?"

"Yeah, I get it. Actually, I plan on seeing my sister while I'm there." It was the one thing that he didn't hate me for. Since neither of them knew about each other, they were ecstatic to find out they weren't only children. After the big reveal, they'd visited quite a few times and kept in touch.

Unfortunately, his sister filled him in on my involvement with his father, even more than I had come clean about. That made him hate me more. In fact, we'd been split up since the last time he'd visited with her and I didn't have my hopes up for us getting back together.

I'd done my share of crying and pleading with him to forgive me. After all that I'd done to other people, I was getting it back ten times worse. I didn't deserve to be happy and nobody knew it more than me.

I tried to smile. "Good! I bet she's happy about that."

"Yep!" He was always so short with me. Every time he spoke, it was harsh and without emotion.

Once we got on the road Jacob filled the quiet car with ridiculous nonsense. "Dad, when I grow up I'm going to hunt sharks and be friends with dolphins and when I jump in the water, I'll be so fast that they won't catch me."

We both laughed, but I refused to look at Jessie. I couldn't piss him off in any way. Even if he wasn't going to touch me, or hold my hand as I buried my mother, him just being there was enough support. I couldn't exactly lean on my brother, since he was doing sixteen years in prison for bank fraud. It seems that his computer hacking skills landed him in with the wrong group of people. I'm not exactly sure of all the details, because it happened when I was pregnant and having my own problems, but the FBI got involved and my brother was basically caught red-handed.

The saddest part was that he didn't even know our mother was sick, and finding out she'd died in a letter couldn't have been easy for him. He'd called me last night, and I could hear the pain in his voice. My brother wasn't a bad guy, he was just too smart for his own good and people took advantage of what he could do for them.

"Can we stop at McDonalds?" My son's little voice asked loudly from the backseat.

"Jacob, we just started driving. How about you play your game and wait a little while?" Jessie had a way with Jacob. He could get him to listen when it was damn near impossible for me.

"Okay, Daddy."

Jessie looked at me and I could see him doing it out of the corner of my eye. "I can drive whenever you want to take a break. You should probably rest up as much as possible. It's going to be a long couple of days."

I looked at him and smiled. "You sure you don't mind?"

"Yeah, I wouldn't have offered if I wasn't sure about it!" He was short again. It hurt so much that he hated me.

We switched places at the next bridge and I got as comfortable as possible in the passenger seat. Jacob had already fallen asleep, so it was easy for me to doze off.

With my head pressed against the window, I opened my eyes. It was dark out and I could hear Jacob talking, so I knew a bit of time had passed. What came out of my son's mouth shocked me, so I didn't turn around.

"How come you don't love Mommy anymore?"

Jessie cleared his throat and spoke low, trying not to wake me. "It's complicated, buddy."

"What does complicated mean?"

"It means that things have happened that caused problems for us."

"You can fix problems. Why don't you just move back home? Mom will let you. She says you don't love her anymore."

"Jacob, your mother doesn't know how I feel. I never said that I didn't love her. Right now isn't the time to talk about this."

"So, you still love her, right?"

The car was quiet and I prepared myself to hear him admitting it to our young son. He'd made it quite clear that I was the devil incarnate on several occasions. "Yes, now can we drop it?"

"Okay!"

I didn't want to get too overexcited, considering that he could be telling Jacob a lie to make him feel better. God knows I lied to people that I loved in the past. A parent would do anything for their child, even if it's stretching the truth to keep them from being sad.

I waited a couple minutes before sitting up and pretending that I'd been sleeping. "How long did I sleep?"

"About two hours. We're almost there."

I looked in the backseat. "You need to get a bath as soon as we get to Nana's house." As soon as I said it I realized that Nana would never be there again to greet us at the door. She'd never spoil Jacob, her only grandson, with hundreds of kisses. She wouldn't see him grown up to be a handsome man. She was gone.

I covered my face and started to sob. A warm hand touched my shoulder briefly and then pulled away. "Jacob, I'll help you get your bath and get settled. Your mom has some things to do when we get there."

I reached for his hand, but he lifted it and put it on the steering wheel, clenching his jaw to prevent saying something he would regret. I looked out the passenger side window, trying to hide the pain of rejection in my eyes. At least he was there with me. That's what I needed. It had to be enough.

When Jessie pulled up at my mother's house, it took my breath away. My chest felt heavy and I could feel my heart pounding at a rapid rate. I tucked my head between my knees and tried to regain composure. "Jess, I can't breathe."

He turned off the car and reached over, touching my back and holding his hand there. "It's just anxiety. You knew this was going to be hard. That's why I came. You're in no condition to go through the motions of burying your mom and being able to take care of yourself and Jacob. I'll carry everything inside. You just take a couple minutes and come in when you're ready."

Jessie and Jacob climbed out of the car and carried their bags with them, leaving me sitting in my mother's dark driveway all alone. I was so depressed that I couldn't look out into the yard. I didn't want to think about all the times that she'd been there waiting for us. I didn't want to think about her hugging me and telling me that someday I would be happy. It was too bad she never got to see that day.

My tears flooded out of my eyes and I gave up trying to hold them in. I wanted my mother back. I wanted her to be able to see that I wasn't just a selfish bitch that hurt people to get what I wanted.

More than anything, I wanted a do-over of the last ten years of my life. There was so much that I would have done differently. I could have made her proud of me. Instead, I fell in love with the wrong guy and let that love for him destroy all the potential that I ever had of being a good person. I had no friends, my boyfriend hated me and my mother was dead.

How much worse could my life get?

Chapter 2

Jessie

What kind of person would I be if I wasn't there for her during the lowest time of her life? She was the mother of my child and, as much as I was pissed at her, I still cared.

When she came into my life, walking into my parent's Bed and Breakfast, I saw a girl who was running and afraid. It was in my nature to reach out and do whatever I could to help her. She was beautiful and so fragile.

How was I supposed to know how damaged she was?

I fell in love with her faster than I'd fallen for any another woman. Each day she smiled more and as I prepared to make a life for myself, I began wondering if I could make a spot for her in it. We were so happy, at first, feeling free and being together.

When I found out she was having my baby, nothing could have made me happier. We were going to be a family. I went out and bought a ring, trying to come up with the best time to pop the question. It was all going to be perfect.

She told me the truth on the night I was asking her to marry me. I promised to hear her out, but it was too much to take. Maybe I shouldn't have said the things that I said to her that night. Maybe I should have slept on it all.

She left immediately, stating that she'd give me time.

I miss those days; the days before I knew who she really was and why she'd really come into my life.

It wasn't just the fact that she'd lied. She'd held life altering information from me. I didn't know about my father. My aunt and uncle were the people who raised me after my mother passed away. I guess I was just too young to remember everything.

When I heard from Heather again, she'd been to Kentucky and was held hostage in some mansion that belonged to her ex boyfriend's family. My biological father lost his life that day. I can't say that he didn't have it coming. My family is pretty sure that he was involved in my mother's death.

Heather had a broken arm when she arrived on my doorstep and a broken heart when I sent her packing.

Since she had no place to go, my parent's put her up in one of their rentals in town. She started working as a waitress while taking night classes to finish her nursing hours. I missed out on the first few months of her pregnancy, because I wasn't even sure I wanted to be a part of raising a child with her. I hated her and her lies.

It was my mother that reached out to me, begging me to not give up on my own child. Against my better judgment, I forced myself to let her back into my life. We went to the doctor's appointments together and started preparing my place for our son's home coming. Heather moved back in during her eighth month of pregnancy.

For the most part, we appeared to be happy. On the inside I had built up this wall that kept her out of my heart. She'd lied before and she'd do it again. I was so sure of it.

Jacob Nicholas was born on a Tuesday. He came out with a head full of hair and big gray eyes. I loved him from that very moment. I named him after my uncle that had been the only father I'd ever known. Heather argued with me about the name, but wouldn't tell me the reason. At the end of the day, I won out on the argument.

We were filled with excitement and hope, but unfortunately, Heather's postpartum depression got the best of her. Since I already had so much pent up animosity towards her, it only took a couple of rough days to send me over the edge.

I went out one night and hooked up with an old classmate. I knew what I was doing. It was an ass**le move, except I didn't care. I was so pissed at her; so hurt that she could destroy me and expect me to forgive her. I wanted her to pay, even if it meant that I'd have to share custody instead of living with my son.

When I finally went home, three days later, all I wanted to do was make her feel the pain that I felt when she broke my heart, so I told her what I did.

At first she got really quiet and retreated to our bedroom. When I went to check on her moments later, she was in a ball in the corner of the room, sobbing so hard that I was wondering if she could catch her breath at all.

I'd done what I set out to do, but also, I'd set in motion a life that would never be fixable.

I thought hurting her would make me feel better. Instead, it made me feel worse. Then of course, I put up a stronger wall. It actually pissed me off that she was willing to forgive what I'd done. I wondered if she was forgiving me, so I would forgive her.

For the past five years, our on again off again relationship was like dangling off a cliff on one toe. It was no longer about forgiveness, it was about letting go of the past.

Apparently, Heather had her own demons to tend to, but fixing me was her favorite thing to do. She wanted me to be this perfect guy and I just couldn't handle it.

Her constant phone calls annoyed me so much that I avoided them. I was finally getting her out of my system and I felt okay with that decision.

Still, when I heard that her mother died, I knew she couldn't handle it on her own. She was already too broken to manage it by herself, so I had my dad fill in for me at the Bed and Breakfast, packed a bag and showed up in her driveway. It was the right thing to do.

The ride was uncomfortable. We had been split up for a good six months this time. I'd kept myself busy at work and only talked to her when I picked up Jacob. I was pretty positive that she didn't know how to take me just showing up like I did. Then of course, Jacob wanted to know if I still loved his mother. It was a question that I asked myself everyday.

I still cared about Heather, but as far as loving her, I wasn't sure I'd ever be able to use those words again. Too much time had passed. Too much hurt.

I could tell she was a wreck when we got to her moms. That woman did everything for her daughter. I could only imagine how hard it was for Heather to lose the one adult that loved her unconditionally. It had to be devastating.

I'd gotten Jacob situated in the guest room, after letting him get a quick shower. When I noticed that Heather hadn't comeback inside, I went out looking for her.

The poor woman was still in a ball, in the passenger seat of the car. I approached the window, noticing that she was too busy crying to have noticed me standing there.

She jumped, startled, as I opened the door and offered my hand to her. "Why don't you come inside?"

"I don't think I can," She sobbed. "It hurts so much, Jessie. I just want her back. I miss her so much."

"I know, babe. Come one. I'll help you." I reached in the car and came out with Heather rested against my shoulder. With my arm around her, I walked her into the house where her mother had raised her. I couldn't be positive, but I think she kept her eyes closed until we walked into her old room. When I closed the door behind us, she wrapped her arms around me and I didn't pull away. I held her close. "Jacob's in the spare room. I brought your clothes in here already. Is there anything else you need?"

She looked up at me with swollen eyes. "Don't leave."

"I told you that I'm staying with you the whole time to take care of Jacob."

Heather shook her head, while her bottom lip quivered. "No. Stay with me tonight. Please, just hold me until I fall asleep. I can go and talk to the pastor in the morning. I just can't do it tonight. I don't want to be alone."

Her head was pressed against my chest again. I felt so sorry for her, but kept my guard up. "I'll stay in here until you fall asleep, but nothing has changed between us. We can't be together, Heather."

She nodded, agreeing with my terms. "Okay."

I could tell she was sad about it, but too upset to argue with me. I was staying with her, which was exactly what she wanted me to do.

I held Heather in my arms, the whole time wishing that there was something I could say to make the pain go away. As much as I pretended to hate her guts, I still hated that she was torn up like she was. The problem was that Heather fed on false hope. I could say one thing and she would think it meant so much more.

It took her about an hour to stop sniffling and fall asleep. After tucking her in, I snuck out of the room and looked for the number to the funeral home. I wasn't sure if they were expecting her to make an appearance, but it was too late for her to go over there anyway. I wasn't surprised when the machine came on and it said that they were closed and would reopen in the morning.

I shook my head and hung up, thinking about Heather beating on their door and begging to go in and see her mother in her casket a day early. That woman made me crazy. I needed to help her through this and move on. Being with Heather was nothing but a bad decision that I didn't want to make again.

After checking on both of them, I headed into the living room and pulled a blanket off of the back of the couch. There was no need for me to find the remote, because my ass was too tired to stay awake. It was going to be a long week and I needed to be rested to tolerate it all.

Chapter 3

Heather

I woke up alone in my room, knowing that Jessie had done exactly what he said he was going to do. He'd waited until I'd fallen asleep to leave me in my room alone.

I don't know why I even got my hopes up when clearly he was done being with me that way. Jessie was doing his fatherly duty and that was all it was. He wasn't trying to get into my good graces. I don't even think he cared about me. He was just here to make sure I remembered to feed and bathe our son, like I would forget that kind of stuff.

It was still dark outside, but the clock read five in the morning, so I decided to stay awake. It wasn't like I was going to be able to rest for a few more hours with all that was on my mind.

Since my mother had been sick for a long time, she'd made all of her own arrangements, so all I needed to do was finalize them. Not only had she done that, but she'd marked certain items in her house for who she wanted to have them. It was disturbing, at first, when I picked up a vase and someone's name was on a sticker on the bottom. I was in shock, but the reality of it hit me hard. My mother knew she was dying, and as much as she tried to pretend everything was going to be fine, she knew her time was running out.

It took a while for me to be able to accept it. She sat me down and explained that she didn't want me to have to do anything when she was gone. She'd wanted me to keep the house, hoping that one day I would raise Jacob in it, or use the money to get a place close to where we lived now. The only thing holding me back from moving was Jessie.

I found him on the couch, sprawled out with his leg on the floor. The blanket had fallen off and he was snoring loudly, with his mouth open. It should have been annoying, but after being without him, I missed it.

I walked over and picked up the covers, spreading them evenly over his body. He stirred and opened his eyes, seeing me standing there. "What time is it?"

"It's five. I didn't mean to wake you. I just wanted to cover you back up."

He closed his eyes again. "Thanks, babe."

I knew he was half asleep, but it still gave me butterflies. It was good to smile about something in the midst of being in so much emotional distress. My day was going to be long and awful. It wasn't just about burying my mother. It wasn't just about having to explain to my son that heaven isn't a place that we can visit, or seeing my mother's friends from church and work and having to hear their stories about her. It was all of that bunched together. I suppose that people get through it every day. My circumstance isn't special, but she was all I had as far as support.

Now, when something went wrong, or I just wanted to hear her voice, she wouldn't be there. For the first time since the third grade, I wished that I had a father.

All I could remember was that day he left for work and never came back. I remember crying because my mother was crying. I remember the police coming to our house and my mother crying some more.

After a while, my brother and I just stopped asking about him.

When I turned twenty-four and realized that I'd almost cost Tyler Mitchell and his wife their children, I had a nervous breakdown and had to be hospitalized for anxiety attacks. Every single time I went out in public, I would freak out and think I couldn't breathe and that I was dying.

Upon further examination of my mental stability, my doctor claimed that I was bi-polar and put me on medication to control my compulsive behavior. He didn't want to hear that I'd loved the same man since I was a young girl. He didn't want to hear that he'd promised me things and never followed through with them. He just wanted to fill me with drugs and show me the door. It was kind of a pattern for me.

Men just wanted to use me and then throw me away. I couldn't get away from it.

Once again I felt alone, with nothing to look forward to.

My mother saw what was happening to me. One night, after a long shift from work, she sat me down and told me a story about a miserable man that beat his wife and tried to touch his eight year-old daughter. As sickening as it was for me to hear, I knew she was telling me the truth.

My father was the first of many.

He didn't leave us like I'd believed. My mother filed a report and had him picked up at work. She testified, along with one of his coworkers that they'd seen him touching me inappropriately. He died in jail at the age of forty-six. By that time, my mother had given us a good life and long but forgotten about the torture that she'd endured herself.

I had to see a therapist more often after I found out. Even though I couldn't remember it, I still couldn't shake the feeling of being molested by my father. My mother assured me that it never went far. She claimed that my brother told on him right away and she confronted him. When he attempted it at work and got caught, that was the end of the road for him. It still made me feel dirty.

What kind of father touches his own children? What kind of sick bastard would do something like that? I didn't have to hate him. For the life of me, I can't even remember what he looked like and that doesn't bother me. The less I can remember about that the better.

I thought about finding his extended family, but what good would that have done? They'd probably say we were liars and make me feel even worse about myself, not that I needed more reasons.

Something else pivotal happened in my life when all of that madness was going on. I remember being in the third grade and being sad. My dad was gone and my mother was always crying. I was having bad dreams and having accidents in my pants.

Third grade is too old for that to be happening. I remember that we went on a field trip to the circus. All the kids had their moms there, but mine had to work. I got upset and went into the corner and peed my pants.

When I came back to sit down, the children noticed and began to make fun of me. One kid, out of the whole class, came walking over and grabbed my hand. That one kid whispered in my ear that it was going to be okay.

That kid's name was Tyler Mitchell and it was that day that I fell completely in love with him.

Sadly, he would never return the same feelings and after years of desperate attempts to win him over, I'd managed to f**k up my life and reputation, so bad that nobody would ever forgive me.

I was a bitch, tearing through relationships like they meant nothing, because none of them could give me the one thing I really wanted. I suppose that's why I went off the deep end and got involved with Rick. I stopped caring about my life. I just wanted to give up. I didn't care about myself enough to realize that I was well on my way to putting myself six feet into the ground.

Jessie saved me from myself, even when I wasn't expecting it. I think that's what was so beautiful about my love for him. It was a surprise. He didn't know about the things that I'd done, so for the first time, I wasn't being judged. He loved me for the person I was trying so hard to be.

Of course, it was short lived. Once he got a glimpse of my past, he was out the door, getting as far away from me as he could. I couldn't blame him or fight him over it. Nothing was ever going to change. If I wanted Jessie at all, I had to take the little bit that he was offering. I just wasn't meant to walk down an aisle in a white dress and say beautiful vows to a man that I loved more than life itself. I was never the type of person to get a happily ever after. That fantasy was shattered the moment I tried to sabotage someone else's life, for my own gain.

It was a shame that I was sitting in my mother's kitchen, feeling sorry for my life, when in a few hours I'd be putting my mother into the cold ground. This was her day, not mine. It was a day to celebrate a strong woman who died too soon. She'd want me to hug my son and be happy for what I had in life and I was determined to try to do that for her.

Jessie startled me when he walked into the kitchen and grabbed a coffee cup. "How are you feeling?"

I shrugged and leaned against the cabinets. "I guess as good as I can be. Sorry I woke you."

He added cream and sugar and took his first sip of coffee. "I didn't sleep good either."

I looked at the floor. "You could have stayed in bed with me. It isn't like we've never slept together before."

He cleared his voice, sat his coffee down and pinned me to the kitchen cabinets. His mouth was so close to mine. "I could have, but you and I both know what happens when we're in bed together. That's not happening anymore, Heather. We need to stop doing this shit to each other." He walked away, leaving me feeling so empty.

"I love you, Jessie. I know you don't want to hear it, but I need you to know it. One day we're here and the next we may not be. I don't want to leave this world without you knowing that."

"You're being dramatic. Nothing is going to happen to you. Our relationship problems have nothing to do with love. It's about trust. Without that, we can't make it work. I'm done trying. Now, I came here to support you, but you need to know that's all it is. Do you understand?" I was crying and he knew he'd hurt my feelings. He grabbed my arm and pulled me into a hug. "Heather, I'm sorry. I'm not trying to be a dick. I just want you to know that I'm not here to work things out. I'm here to support you because you don't have anyone else. Just because I don't want to be with you, doesn't mean I don't care."

I let him hug me, but it didn't make me feel better. It wasn't like I didn't already know our fate. I just couldn't rehash it while trying to cope with everything else. I knew I was being super emotional, but how was I supposed to act? "I know. I just wish it could be different. I'm so glad you're here. As complicated as we are, I don't know what I would do if you hadn't come."

He grabbed my arms and pushed me away from his chest. "You'll get through this week. You're a lot stronger than you think you are. One of the things I always loved about you was how resilient you were."

"That was before I lost the man I loved."

He said something as he walked out of the room shaking his head.

Why couldn't I just keep my mouth shut, for once?

Getting through this in one piece was going to be difficult.

Chapter 4

Jessie

Every damn time we were alone, this shit happened. You'd think I'd learn my lesson, but no, I was always putting myself right back where we were before. Our road to a nowhere relationship was exhausting. I was so sick of the back and forth. That's why I wanted out.

Heather's sobbing continued throughout the morning. I tried to avoid her, consuming myself in all things Jacob. It worked for the first two hours he was awake, but a kid can only stay occupied for so long before he wants to get into something else.

When he heard his mother crying, he went running toward the sound.

We found Heather sitting on her mother's bed. She was holding a picture of herself at graduation. Her mother was kissing her on the cheek. Jacob climbed on the bed as I sat beside her, taking the picture and looking at it closely. "You still look the same."

She did a fake air filled laugh. "Yeah right!"

"Tell Mommy she's still beautiful." I meant it. Heather was stunning. She had no flaws when it came to her looks. Her hair always flowed and shined. She has the sweetest little lips and prettiest eyes. I loved her ass and the size of her tits, especially when she got pregnant. If I could have drawn up my dream girl in high school, it would have looked just like her.

"Mommy, you are beautiful!" he laughed.

"I don't feel very beautiful, buddy. I feel worn out and sad."

Jacob leaned over my legs and set his head down on his mother's. "Don't be sad Mommy. Me and Daddy will take care of you."

I felt upset, thinking about how I was going to walk away from them, in hopes of finding something else with a less complicated relationship. I was sick of coming home and worrying about what, if anything, she could be keeping from me. I needed someone I could trust and Heather wasn't it.

After we were all up for a while, we headed out to the grocery store to buy everything that was needed for the wake that was going to be held at the church. Heather knew the congregation would bring dishes, but she insisted on making sure they had a nice spread. We had just walked into the store and got Jacob in a cart, when I heard Heather gasp. A guy, my height came walking toward her. Since she was from this town, I figured it was someone she knew from school. That was, until she said his name.

"Conner?"

Hmm, this was "the" Conner.

He smiled and stuck a box of cereal inside of a cart with a little girl sitting in it.

"Heather. I heard about your mother. It's a damn shame. I didn't know her long, but she was a kind lady. The kids liked it when she worked in the nursery durin' service on Sundays." His accent was annoying. I hated how girls got all giddy over that shit.

"Thanks. So, how is the family?" I could tell that she felt uncomfortable. I didn't know how I felt about this guy.

It took Heather a long time to tell me about the events leading to when she got involved with my sperm donor father. The Conner part rubbed me the wrong way, not to mention that there was a whole lot of cheating going on. The way that it had been explained to me was that Conner used her to get information out of her for something she did to sabotage his sister's marriage to that guy Tyler she'd been involved with. It all made my head spin really, but the idea of him using her pissed me off. No matter how rotten she may have been, I couldn't see the logic in it.

Heather looked over at me and could sense my anger. "Conner, this is Jessie."

He held out his hand. "It's nice to meet you, man. So are you finally makin' a honest girl out of her?"

I got ready to same something smart back to him, except Heather cut in. "We aren't together. Jessie is just helping me take care of things."

Conner creased his brow. "I better get this little one home. I forgot to bring a diaper and she weighs an extra five pounds."

"It was good seeing you. Tell Amy I said hello."

He was already walking away. "You should stop by the shop. My sister's got the flu, so she won't be there." I watched him wink at her before he turned and walked down the next aisle.

Heather stayed quiet for the next few moments as she shopped. Jacob was busy playing with his handheld game, so he wasn't noticing anything that was going on. "So, that was Conner?"

She nodded and grabbed a box of crackers off the shelf. "Yep. That was him."

"He was weird. Didn't you say he hated you?"

"He does. They all do, for obvious reasons. I told you all about it." Heather wasn't understanding me.

"He acted friendly. Isn't he married to the woman that was married to my father? That is the same Conner, right?" I was thinking that I was confused.

"Yes, he's married to Rick's ex and yes, he's the one that I... well you know the rest."

I walked up close to her, so Jacob couldn't hear. "He didn't act like he hated you."

"Trust me, they all do, especially his sister."

I tried to think about the mangled mess of family that she'd explained to me. "His sister is Tyler's wife, right?"

"Yes, and Amy's best friend. Can we just finish shopping before I run into someone else? This whole town hates my guts. The sooner we take care of things the sooner we can get out of here."

I dropped the subject and pushed the cart as she filled it. I could tell she was hurt by how the people in this town, especially the ones that were related to the Mitchell's, felt about her. As sad as it was, I also wanted to know more about it. Once we loaded the groceries into the car, we stopped by the church and the funeral home to double check that everything was in order. Feeling satisfied, we set out for her mom's house with our agenda planned out.

Heather was wired and determined to get through the day without a breakdown. I could see that she was keeping herself busy to avoid having time to sit down and think. Jacob was getting bored, so I decided to take him out and get a haircut. There was this place that I wanted to check out, without Heather being around.

It wasn't hard to figure out where that girl Amy's shop was, but I had no idea it was at her actual house.

When I pulled up out front, I recognized Conner right away. He was squirting a bunch of kids with a hose, while washing a John Deere mower. They were all running around screaming. Jacob took it as an invitation and jumped out of the car before I could say anything. Conner stopped squirting and looked right at him. "Hey, kiddo."

"I'm Jacob."

"That's my name, except everybody calls me Jake!" A little boy, older than my Jacob, came walking over.

When I looked around, I saw he had a brother that was identical to him, a twin. Then it hit me. I finally understood why Heather didn't want to use that name. Why she couldn't tell me the truth, I had to know.

Conner approached me, breaking my stare on the kid. "You're Jessie right?"

I reached out my hand and shook his. "Yeah, I uh, I came for a haircut, but I can see this is your house. We didn't mean to intrude."

He shook his head. "Amy's shop is around the side. I had to take the sign down last week because my nephews shot it with pellets." He looked over at the twins.

"Are they Tyler Mitchell's boys?"

He laughed. "Can you see the resemblance?"

I shook my head. "No, I've never seen Tyler."

"You ain't missin' much. My brother-in-law thinks he's all that, but he doesn't hold a candle to me." I could tell he was joking, so I let out a laugh.

"You don't mind me coming here, do you? Heather didn't send me. Actually, I wanted to ask your wife some questions, if it's alright with you?"

We started walking around the back. "I don't complain when my wife gets new clients. I have to warn you though, if it's about your father, she ain't goin' to want to go there. That part of her life is in the past and I'd appreciate it if we keep it that way. I get that you never knew him, but you have to understand he wasn't a good man. My wife went through Hell and back."

I put my hands up. "I'm not here about Rick. He's never been my dad and I don't need answers to prove that. You probably think I'm crazy, but Heather's been through a lot, some of which she refuses to tell me about. I was hoping that your wife would be able to help me fill in the blanks."

He cocked an eyebrow and scratched his head. "You want answers about Heather?"

"Yeah, I really do. I can't keep living the way I am. I need closure and to know that moving on is the right thing to do. I want the damn truth for once."

"I can do you one better." He seemed to be intrigued that I was in the dark about some things.

"How so?"

"You go on in and get that haircut. Leave your number with me and I'll call you tomorrow. If you really want the truth, I'll let you hear all of it. My cousin is comin' into town in a few hours, so I need to pick her up from the airport, but I will get back at you." He looked over at Jacob. "He's welcome to play out here until you're finished. My niece will keep an eye on him." He looked over at a girl playing with a phone, who was sitting on the porch. "Bells, can you make sure your brothers don't give this kid any grief?"

The girl rolled her eyes but agreed.

"Ty's daughter?" I asked.

"She's his world, man. He would walk through fire for that kid, for all his kids, but she's the princess."

I shook his hand again and gave him my number. "Thanks again." Honestly, from the way he acted, I could tell that I wasn't going to like what they had to say, but if it helped me move on I was willing to hear them out.

Amy was sweeping some hair off of the floor when I walked in. I knew it had to be her, since she was the only one in the little salon. She looked up at me and smiled. "Can I help you?"

I ran my hands through my hair. "I was hoping to get a trim."

"Sit down here and let me see what I can do." She started playing with my hair, getting right to business. "Are you new in town?"

"Here for a funeral." She spun my chair around and looked at me. "There's only one funeral in town today." When she noticed me crack a curious grin she explained. "It's a small town and Conner reads the paper every morning with his coffee. He likes pretending he's some old farmer, or something. Anyway, he told me and then someone from church called and let us know. So, were you related to Miss Kat?"

I sighed, knowing she was going to freak out. "I'm Je..."

"I know who you are. I was just hoping you weren't." She put down her scissors and looked right at me. "You're Jessie. I can tell now, seeing the resemblance."

I put up my hand. "I didn't come here to talk about that man. He's a stranger, and I can assure you, I have no interest in knowing anything about him."

"So, you came here for a simple trim?" She didn't seem like she believed that.

"I came here for answers and a trim. You see, I'm not with Heather. I mean, I'm here with her for support, but we are not together."

"I'm sorry to hear that." She picked up the scissors and started trimming my hair again.

"Why are you sorry? From what I know, you have a bunch of reasons to hate her."

I could hear an air filled laugh. "Yeah, well I don't feel the same way that my sister-in-law does. Granted, they went through a lot more than me. At the end of the day, I wouldn't be standing here if it wasn't for Heather saving my life. After that horrible day, I wiped the slate clean. That's just my feelings though. My family has their own opinions about her."

"She's a good mother. I just feel like she's a stranger to me. It's like I don't know the person that I had a relationship with."

"Does she know you're here?"

"No!"

She spun me around to face her again. "Look, I've had issues with Heather and some of her actions, but at the end of the day, I've watched a broken girl do drastic things out of desperation. Her biggest mistake was loving someone that didn't love her back. She was so determined to change his mind that she did crazy things. She was also young and naive. People can change." She cut more of my hair while I remained silent. "I think you're the person who made her want to be better."

"That's crazy. I was just a kid, being seduced by her lies."

She sighed and stopped cutting again. "When Rick had me at gunpoint and was going to kill me, Heather saved me. We talked briefly, but she told me how she'd fallen in love with you. She wanted to be real with you. That's the truth."

"She had a terrible way of showing it then. Our relationship was built on lies, but thanks for telling me that."

She finished cutting my hair and I stood up to grab my wallet. "No charge. It was good to finally meet you. I've wondered about you, but I never wanted to ask Krista about it."

I smiled hearing my sister's name. "She's a pretty cool girl. I'm taking Jacob to visit her while I'm in town."

"Jacob, huh? Do you know that..."

"Yeah, I just figured it out. Heather wouldn't tell me why she didn't want that name. I get it now."

She just laughed. "I guess I'll see you later today?"

Her question caught me off guard. Had she heard me talking to her husband? "Later?"

"Kat was a member of our church. I'm going to the funeral with my cousin. She's a cancer survivor. She and her mother are flying in today for the service."

Heather was going to shit a brick. I was taken back by how forgiving a family could be towards someone they once hated. It made me feel like a real ass**le. "Amy, I better get going. Thanks for the haircut."

We said our goodbyes and I pried my son away from the other kids. The whole time I was driving home, I reconsidered my feelings for Heather. Maybe she really had changed. Maybe it was time for me to learn to forgive her. If other people could forgive her, why couldn't I?

Chapter 5

Heather

Jessie didn't tell me where he'd taken Jacob, but I had too much to do to worry about the two of them. For all I knew he was visiting his sister. It wasn't like he had to tell me his every move. We weren't together anymore.

I'd finished getting all of the food prepared for the wake. My dress was ironed and hanging in the bedroom, along with my slip and underwear. I took my long hair out of the ponytail and walked into my bathroom. After getting the water just right, and removing my clothes, I stepped under the showerhead and closed my eyes. The spray of the warm water wet my body and I tried to stand there, relaxing the best I could.

I had plenty of time to just stand there and gather myself, so that's what I did. I let the water wash away my falling tears. When I felt a hand touching my shoulder, I jumped and opened my eyes. Jessie was standing in the shower, he was naked and looking right into my eyes. "What are you doing?"

He wiped the water from my face. "Shh, don't talk." I felt his lips on mine and couldn't argue with him. All I wanted was this. I wanted to feel his hands touching me, his mouth exploring my skin.

So I said nothing.

I let Jessie take total control. His kisses sent me back against the wall, while his hands held me close to his bare, wet chest. He was ravenous, taking his large hand and wrapping it around my neck, forcing me to look right into his eye. With his other hand, he reached between my legs, shoving a couple fingers inside of me. A low growl escaped his mouth while our tongues continued mingling.

I could feel his erection pressing against my stomach. It had been so long since we'd been like this. I needed him inside of me, filling me and making me feel like I meant something more than nothing to him. I wasn't a fool, sex was sex, but in my mind, a moment with Jessie was different than any moment I spent with any other man.

Nobody ever looked at me the way he used to. They never touched me the way he did. They never said they loved me. He was the first. He was the only one.

I panted unable to fully conceive that this was really happening.

Tears fell down my face, but they weren't from pain or suffering. For once, they were from joy. He removed his finger and lifted me up, pressing me back against the wall again. Jessie's face was buried in my chest, where he suckled my ni**les and bit them, making me cry out. He was being aggressive and I refused to fight him. Pain was pleasure, as far as I was concerned.

After adjusting he entered me. A smile formed on the corner of my mouth, just knowing he was inside of me again. His hands dug into my arms as he held me there, up in the air. I wrapped my legs around him, letting my feet sit just above his tight ass. My arms reached underneath his and I held on to the back of his shoulders with my fingernails dug deep into his skin.

His first thrust took my breath away, making me anxious for the next. Our skin slapped together from the water falling in between our close bodies. He pressed his mouth into mine, shoving my head back in the wall. I could feel the air leaving as he forced himself in and out of me, while holding the weight of my body. I used my legs to pump my hips. The way we were positioned was causing his hard c**k to rub against my clit each time it moved in and out. The constant tingle created a fire between my legs, forcing me to concentrate on keeping my legs wrapped around him. I was barely holding on, feeling the pressure of him infusing me with such force.

As his face pressed into mine, I licked his lips, pulling them with my teeth. A rush of elation overwhelmed me when my legs began to give from my own body losing control. I dug into his shoulders harder as I held onto the rapture that was upon me.

He tightened his body, forcing me still while closing his eyes and losing the ability to kiss me back. I could feel his c**k throbbing as he released his load into me.

Jessie continued holding me, kissing me, as he caught his breath. As my feet came down, I wrapped my arms around his neck and stood on my toes, kissing him slowly, leaving him with a thank you. I pressed my cheek against his as he held me there. "I love you."

He didn't answer back, but with his arms placed securely around my back, I was content enough. Being with Jessie again wasn't just about sex for me. It was the emotional connection I got when he opened up to me that way.

He kissed me on the top of my head. "Jacob is going to be looking for us soon."

My eyes got big and I jumped out of the shower, grabbing a towel and heading for the door. "Oh my God! Where is he?"

He started laughing as he tugged on the curtain, opening it for me to see him standing there, naked and half hard. "He's fine. That show was on that he likes. I gave him a freezer pop and he didn't even notice me walking away."

I was relieved. "Shew!"

He climbed out and walked up to me again. "You're beautiful."

I could feel my skin getting red. Sure, there were times where I thought I was attractive, but when he said it, it meant so much more. "Are you going to tell me what brought this on?"

He pulled away. "Can we just not talk about us today?"

I felt him pulling away and became anxious. I needed him to stay like he was. His support was going to get me through the day. I couldn't make him upset with me. My hand reached out and grabbed his. "You're right. We don't have to talk about it."

He smiled before grabbing a towel and walking out of the bathroom.

The next hour was spent getting myself ready. I wanted to look my best, considering the element of what was happening. I wanted to be beautiful for my mother and her memory. These people that knew about my past, her co-workers and church friends, they'd all be wondering about me. I had to be strong on the outside, no matter how weak I was on the inside. I couldn't let their whispers get to me, not while I was burying my beloved mother.

Jacob looked cute in his little dress pants and tie. He was holding his father's hand as we walked to the car. When he climbed in and got buckled, I turned around to check on him. "You okay, buddy?"

"Are they gonna put Nana in the ground now?"

"First we have a viewing, where people come and say goodbye to her."

He got excited. "She'll be there? I can talk to her?"

Jessie reached over and grabbed my hand. He looked in the rearview mirror. "Buddy, Nana's body is still here with us, but her spirit has already gone to heaven."

"Is she empty?"

How do you explain this to a child? "How about we just show you when we get there?" I didn't have the energy to explain it all.

Things were different since our shower encounter. Jessie drove, but kept quiet. He didn't offer his hand, but didn't pull away when I attempted to hold his. I couldn't worry about him regretting what happened. I had a big day to get through.

We arrived at the funeral home an hour early. Jacob jumped out of the car like we were going to an amusement park. Jessie grabbed his hand and calmed him down before we went inside.

The director creeped me out. He was extremely tall and reminded me of Lurch from the Addams Family. Since I'd never met him in person, I was taken back by his height. Jacob looked up and stared at him like he was a freak show. I put my body in front of his. "Is everything in order for my mother's viewing?"

"Yes. The flowers have been set up around the casket. About ten minutes before the start of the viewing, I'll open the casket. You're free to go inside now, if you'd like."

Three days ago my mother died at the hospital. Since she's made her own arrangements, she was transported to the mortician here at the funeral home. I hadn't yet seen her and I was petrified of it. "Okay, thank you."

Jessie grabbed my hand and walked with me toward the double doors. I reached out and opened the door, immediately feeling as if I were going to pass out. The dizziness got worse when I looked up and saw the casket surrounded by flowers.

Jessie squeezed my hand. I looked up at him and started crying. He pulled me into his arms. "Mom, don't cry."

I looked down at Jacob. "I'm just sad."

"Where's Nana? Can I see her body now?"

Jessie let go of my hand and squatted down to be the same height as our son. "Buddy, you know how people get sad when someone dies?"

"Yeah, like Mommy is right now?"

"Exactly. You see, some people want to have the opportunity to say goodbye, even after the person has gone to Heaven. So special people take the body and they make the person look how they did before they died. Then their friends and loved ones can come and say their last goodbyes. Do you understand?"

"Her body is dead?"

"Nana is in Heaven. Only her old body is here. She's not in it anymore." Jessie was so patient with him.

"Then why should we talk to it? She can't hear us anymore." He was so confused.

He was being logical. "Sweetie, Nana can still hear us in heaven. Some people just like to say goodbye to her body. Do you understand?"

"Nope. How long do we have to stay here?"

Jessie and I stood up, looking at each other with concern over our son. He wasn't going to be good. I could just see it coming.

As much as I would have liked the courage to walk up to the front, I waited until the manager came back in to open the casket. Even then I couldn't make myself look. Of course, Jacob was curious. He wanted to see his Nana's body.

I think Jessie could see the fear in my eyes. He grabbed Jacob and took him to the side, saying something that I couldn't hear. He just looked up at his father and shook his head. Knowing Jessie, he was probably bribing him with ice-cream.

While they were talking, I glanced over at the casket. The flower arrangements were beautiful and I wanted to see who had been so thoughtful. It wasn't surprising that there were so many. My mother was a wonderful woman. She worked in the hospital all of her adult life. Church was her second home, where she ran the nursery up until she got sick. Some of her best friends were members of the congregation.

I hadn't been to church with my mother in a long time. Even when I visited, I stayed away. It wasn't because I didn't want to attend Sunday service. I just didn't want to run into Ty and his family. Miranda hated me. I'd had nightmares of her shooting me in the back of the church. I deserved to fear her, for obvious reasons, but I never meant to put her life in danger. I'd never physically harm a child. It made me sick to think about.

Jessie caught my attention, breaking my train of thought and getting me out of my pity party. I'd made my bed and I was going to have to live in it, alone.

Jacob walked up to me and grabbed my hand. "Mommy, can I say goodbye to Nana now?"

I looked up and saw that the casket was being opened. My heart stopped when I saw the top of my mother's face peeking out. I had to be strong, except I didn't know how to do it. I didn't know how to say goodbye.

Chapter 6

Jessie

Heather was in rare form. She couldn't even take the steps up there to see her mother's body. People were starting to arrive, Jacob was getting antsy, and she just stood there like a statue. I tried my best to be supportive, but had no idea what I was supposed to say to her.

I'd let my better judgment go out the door and had sex with her, after I'd promised myself that it was never going to happen again. One minute I was sure I was done with her then the next I was right back in it. Obviously, my attraction to her hadn't gone away. Her beauty was a drug that I couldn't get off of.

Her being so emotional didn't help with my wanted to severe ties. It made me feel guilty, like I was abandoning her when she legitimately needed me the most.

As the room started filling with people, I realized that I was going to have to do something, otherwise they'd be approaching Heather, who refused to speak. I leaned in and whispered in her ear. "Babe, they're starting to come in. I'm not going to leave you, but you're going to have to talk to people."

She gave me the look of fear, like I was asking her to cut off her leg. I didn't know what I was going to do. Since I didn't know any of these people, I had no clue what to say or do.

Thankfully, a nice looking brunette came walking up to us. She smiled at me and tapped on Heather's shoulder. She turned around and just looked at her for a second, before starting to cry again. The brunette hugged her and patted her on the back. "I know it's hard. I'm so sorry for you, Heather."

Heather finally pulled away and looked at the brunette. "Thank you for coming, Van. I never expected it."

She grabbed Heather's hand. "Last year, you gave me advice about cancer. I told you about it before I even told my husband. I didn't know how I was going to make it through those treatments, but I did it. Your mother was a wonderful woman who fought a long battle. You have to know that she's no longer in pain."

Heather nodded. I was still in disbelief that another member of the Mitchell family was being nice to her. "I know. I feel horrible for not being here when it happened. She was all alone. I will never forgive myself for that."

I stood there watching the two of them talk as if they were longtime friends. Finally I couldn't stand being left out. I interrupted them mid-sentence. "Excuse me, I don't think we've met. I'm Jessie."

The girl named Van looked at me and smiled. "Oh Amy told me she met you earlier today."

Heather's mouth dropped and I could tell that I was going to have to explain. I almost wished that I hadn't butted in on their conversation. "Yeah. She's was nice. So, do you live here in town?" I tried to play it off like I didn't know she lived in Kentucky.

"No, I flew in with my family this morning. My mother and Heather's mother have known each other for years. Heather and I have known each other since we were little girls. When something tragic like this happens, it makes all of the adolescent drama not so important. Miss Kat was a member of our community and church. Being a cancer survivor myself, it's important that I'm here to celebrate her life."

"I never expected you to come, Van. You didn't have to."

"It's the twins birthday this weekend, so it wasn't like we weren't coming anyway. I just changed my flight to a couple days sooner. Besides, my mother was already planning on coming." Van looked up at the alter. "How did they do with her makeup?"

Heather shrugged. "I haven't been able to go look. It will make it real and I don't think I'm ready to face that yet. I don't want to say goodbye to her. She hasn't even been gone that long and I feel like I can't go on without her." She started bawling, burying her face into my chest. I held her close and looked over at Van.

She looked like she honestly felt bad for Heather. A woman, with some resemblance to her, came up behind her. I could tell it was her mother. She stood there and finally reached out to touch Heather on the arm. "Are you okay?"

"Not really. I always hated these things." Heather admitted.

"Focus on the people that are here, instead of what's in the casket. Mingle and chat with your mom's friends, keeping your mind off of it. When you're ready, you'll know it. It will get easier." Her mother was very assuring.

Heather managed to smile. "Thanks, Mrs. Tate."

The woman led Heather over to a bunch of ladies that were there from church, leaving me standing there with Jacob and Van. She crouched down and looked at my son. "Hey, kiddo. Do you remember me?"

He ducked back behind my leg.

"You were at the church picnic with your mom and my little girl played with you."

He slowly walked out and stared at her. "I'm Jacob."

"I know." She smiled. "How are you doing?"

"My Nana is dead. Her body is here, but she moved to Heaven. We can't go see her though. I'm not allowed there. That's so stupid. I should be allowed to see my Nana, but now I can't." He stuck out his bottom lip and just stood there waiting for her to reply.

"You know, I heard that when Nana's go to Heaven, they become angels."

"Can she fly?" He seemed excited. Van looked up at me and smiled before answering him.

"Maybe. Angels watch over us and keep us safe. I bet she's watching over you right now."

"But I can't see her." He actually looked around the room for her.

"That's because angels are so special that we can't ever see them, but we can still talk to them. Whatever you want to say to her, she'll be able to hear you."

"Really?"

"Yep," she assured him.

Jacob went running over to tell his mother. Van stood up and looked at me. "I hope I helped. Kids are hard to read. I know explaining death is complicated."

"Yeah, thanks for doing that. Heather's been having a real hard time. I'm doing my best to help out, but we're not exactly together anymore."

"Amy told me earlier. I'm sorry to hear that. When I saw Heather at the church picnic she seemed like she wanted things to be better. I can tell she's changed."

I was too confused to keep my mouth shut. "Why are you being so nice to her? I mean, didn't she try to ruin your life? She said your family hates her."

"My issues with Heather were back when I was dating Tyler. It wasn't her fault that she fell in love with the same person that I did. He was the one who strung her along. I think she kept hoping that someday they would be together. Shoot, knowing Ty the way I do, I wouldn't be surprised if he actually told her it was going to happen. He had a way with charming people to think he was great. I was one of the people that believed everything out of his mouth. We were young and stupid, with no regard for what a meaningful relationship was all about. My qualms with Heather are in the past. Because of her actions, I fell in love with my husband. I don't think we would be together had she not been around. In some ways I'm actually grateful to her. I'm married to a wonderful man and we have three beautiful children."

This chick seemed like she appreciated Heather for sleeping with her boyfriend. I was at a loss for words. "So, you don't hold hard feelings toward her?"

"Heather has done her share of bad things. I feel blessed enough with my life to forgive people for their actions. Unfortunately, my cousin doesn't feel the same way. Heather almost cost them their lives. They'll never get over that, no matter what happened."

"But you don't hate her?"

She shook her head. "Not anymore. I've come to understand that love can make someone do drastic things. Heather was a victim before she became vindictive. Had she been treated fairly, I have to believe that things would have turned out very different. Although, that would also mean that you would have never met her. Can you really say that you wouldn't want to have known her and made a beautiful son together? Maybe all of this happened for a reason?"

When she put things into perspective like that, it was hard to wish I'd never met her. My son was everything to me. I couldn't imagine not being his father. "Maybe you're right."

"Amy told me that you want to talk to our family. I think it's good that you want to know everything, but you need to know that once you do know, there is no going back. If Heather has changed like I think she has then why would it even matter what happened in her past?"

"Are you a counselor or something?" This chick was like Dr. Phil.

She laughed. "Hardly. I'm just a mom who has seen my fair share of tragedy. I live every day like it is my last. I've forgiving people for their mistakes and learned to love myself and be grateful for what God has given me. Not all people get to have second chances. I don't want to disappoint the man upstairs for mine." She pointed up, like she knew God personally. My mother would have loved this girl and everything she stood for. She was like a living angel herself.

"I get it. I really do. Still, I think I need to know who she was before I can move forward. I just want to know the whole story from the beginning. She's told me that she has issues with everyone in your family. I want to know why. I need to know how she got involved with Rick and why Conner used her the way he did, then acted cordial to her this morning. None of it makes sense and I can't stand it anymore. I'm ready to walk away and see my son on weekends because I can't trust his mother. Please. I just want to know the truth."

She reached out and grabbed my arm. "I hope you find what you're looking for. My family can be trying, but I'm sure they will shed some light on whatever questions you may still have. I just hope that when you know, you still let her explain her side."

"I have a feeling that I'm not going to like what I find out."

She cocked her eyebrow. "I've said too much. This isn't the time or place. I'm here because I know what it's like to have cancer. Her mother fought for her life. She left behind a daughter struggling with the person she needs to be. I'm not a counselor, or even someone that gives people advice, but I am a mother. Heather loves her son and she loves you." She paused and looked around the room. "Six years ago Heather was young and desperate. If I were in her place, maybe I would have done the same thing. I know that I'd die for my husband and he'd do the same for me."

"I guess when I find everything out I can decide for myself then?"

She smiled. "It was nice meeting you in person, Jessie. If you'll excuse me, I need to say hello to some people from church."

I watched her walk away and knew it wasn't to talk to some old ladies. She wanted to get as far away from me as possible. After looking around the room, I spotted Heather talking amongst a group of women. They were smiling and she seemed to be more relaxed.

I really hoped that I'd be able to forgive her, because walking away from her was going to be hard when I still loved her. Maybe I was trying to find reasons to stop loving her, if that was even possible. I wondered if I could hate and love someone at the same time.

Only time would tell.

Chapter 7

Heather

So many people had showed up to pay their respects to my mother. They were friendly to me, even giving me hugs and asking how I was doing. I started to feel a little braver halfway through the viewing. Since we lived in a small town, and my mother knew the funeral home director and her pastor, her service had all been arranged to be held back at the church at four. The viewing was supposed to go until three, but most people cleared out around two.

I was surprised to see that Van and her mother had stuck around. They were mingling amongst the other members of the congregation. Jessie had taken Jacob out to get a snack, since he was getting antsy again.

Slowly, but surely, I made my way up to where my mother's body was. My hands felt clammy and the dizziness from before had come back. As much as I wanted to be brave, knowing that I had to do this, I took those final steps up there.

To prevent myself from passing out, I put both hands on the casket. My eyes opened slowly, focusing on her hands first. Like other deceased bodies, her hands were together. She was holding a cross and wearing her mother's ring that I'd given her the Christmas before.

Without even thinking about what I was doing, I reached over and touched her hands. Tears filled my eyes and eventually started falling down my face, dripping onto my mom's beautiful pink dress. I knew it well, since my grandmother had made it for her years ago. After she passed, my mother dabbled in sewing. She made all kinds of things, even my prom dress.

Just thinking of prom made me reminisce about that night. Since I couldn't be Ty's date, I ended up going with Mike, a guy we all grew up with. He was nice, and we even dated for a while, but it was just to try and make Ty jealous. When he and Van would fight, he would call me and take me out to this place near the football field. Most times, we would end up screwing in the back of his pickup truck.

I remembered passing him near the bathroom that night. He looked so good dressed up in a tux. My heart beat out of my chest when he whispered in my ear how hot I looked. I asked him what he was doing once the after party was over, but he said he was spending the night at the barn with Van. It broke my heart, even when I was used to being 'the other' girl. Ty only used me, I know that now. He never cared about me or how he affected me. He didn't understand that I lived and breathed to feel him touching me.

I was a fool to think that he cared about me, yet I kept being drawn to him, no matter how happy he was with Van.

I closed my eyes and shook off that memory. Van was here and that was all in the past. I wasn't that girl anymore and Ty was just someone I once cared deeply for. Jessie was the one I wanted. He was who I wanted to share my future with.

I felt a hand on my shoulder and turned to see that Van was standing there beside me. "I see you made it up here."

"Yeah. I can't look at her face though. I've just been staring at this dress, thinking about the one she made me for prom." I looked down at the dress again and traced the fabric with my fingertips.

"Your dress was gorgeous. I didn't know she made it."

"I guess we weren't exactly friends back then."

"If it means anything, you should have dated Ty, not me. You were the cheerleader and he was the football player. I was just the nerdy girl he always wanted to rescue. For all I know, he probably even told you that himself."

I looked at her taking my eyes off of my mother's dress. "He never did. How pathetic is that? I kept trying even though I knew the whole time that he'd never love me. I let it ruin my life." I wiped away my tears. "I wish we would have been friends instead. I've never met anyone like you, Van. You put yourself down back then, but you didn't know how jealous I was of you. My God you're gorgeous, you had a great boyfriend and got good grades. I was so envious of your life."

She smiled. "You were the popular one. I could count my friends on one hand. When we got to college, after his accident, I didn't have any friends." Her smiled faded and she looked saddened.

"I blamed you, but I was the biggest part of that night going down the way it did."

She sort of laughed and shook her head. "Well, for the first time Ty was single. I would have jumped on that too. My temper was what landed him in that hospital. I was jealous."

We both smiled. "He's an ass!"

"Yeah, he certainly is. Nothing has changed either. He still gets on my nerves daily. Although, I couldn't have gotten through the past year without him. You probably don't know this, but he knew about the cancer before anyone else. He actually flew to Kentucky to take me to the doctors when Colt was away. He held my hand and was the best friend to me."

I must have looked shocked, because she kept going, like she wanted to explain.

"We're best friends; nothing more. He's my family now and I love him dearly, but there's nothing going on with us besides that. He's different now and devoted to his family. Miranda keeps him in check and to be honest, without hurting your feelings, he's never been in love like he is with her. The way he looks at her and protects her is intense. His kids are the same. You saw firsthand what he went through to protect Bella. Now they have the twins and as crazy as they are, they make him proud. He's happy."

If she could say that without getting offended than I could certainly hear it and be alright. "I'm glad he finally was able to find happiness." Sensing that I needed to change the subject, I turned and finally looked at my mother's face. I was shocked that I'd done it, but I couldn't take my eyes off of her. "Oh God."

"Take a couple deep breaths." She stood there with me as I looked at my mother. The mortician had done a great job, making her look beautiful. I was glad he knew her personally. "Breathe, Heather."

I swallowed the lump in my throat, while staring at my mother's closed eyes. "She looks peaceful."

"She does." Van stood close to me, looking at my mother, while supporting me from freaking out.

"Thank you for being here, Van. You talk about not having friends, but it seems that we've switched places. I'm the one who has no friends and your life is full of them. My mother probably wishes that I was like you. I feel like I've failed her."

"My mom said she talked about you and Jacob all the time. You're her daughter, Heather. Of course she was proud of you." Van was trying to make me feel better. It made me feel uneasy, considering it was coming from someone that should despise me. If I were her, I would have.

"Thank you. Not just for saying such nice things to me, but for being here. I don't know how I could have gotten through today without the support."

She smiled. "Like I said before, your kind words helped me when I had no idea what was happening. I think I'm just doing you the same favor."

I looked at my mother, finally taking in her beauty. She'd been through so much and it had aged her, but she was still stunning for her age. With Van still standing at my side, I reached over and touched my mother's cold hands. It was just another reminder that she was gone. Around the casket were items that people had put inside. Cards, letters and even jewelry was tucked into the sides. I appreciated how much she was loved by her community. I envied her ability to find the good in people and put up with my antics. She died too young.

Van didn't stand up there with me the whole time. She said her goodbyes and left me to stand there with my mother. At first, I didn't think I wanted to say anything out loud. Standing there and being close to her was enough. When I knew that it was almost time for the casket to be closed, I knew it was then or never. This was the last time I was ever going to be able to touch my mother. Death was a vicious thing, taking our hearts with it as our loved ones passed away. I'm sure if anyone was listening they wouldn't have been able to make out what I was saying, because my sobbing was out of control. It didn't stop me though. "Mom, there's so much that I want to say to you. I guess I should have said it all while you were still here with us. You can add it to the list of reasons that made me such a handful. I'm so sorry for disappointing you, over and over. I never meant to make your life so hard. If I'd known that our time was limited, maybe I could have done things differently; maybe it would have made me want to make you proud. Instead, I ran around, causing trouble for people who didn't deserve it. I was selfish and didn't consider that my actions would result the way they did. I hope that you can forgive me, Mom. I need to know you forgive me. I promise that I'm going to be the best mother I can be. Jacob will be my first priority. I'll make you proud, even if I have to die trying. I love you more than I can even put into words. Thank you for never giving up on me. Thank you for being my mom. Rest now. You're not in pain anymore. Goodbye, Mom." I leaned down and kissed my mother's cold cheek, keeping my lips on her skin for a brief moment. When I lifted my head, I saw my tears causing her face makeup to run.

Hands were on my shoulders and I turned around and buried myself in Jessie's chest. I wasn't sure how long he'd been standing there, but I knew it was him who was holding me. "I can't believe she's really gone," I cried.

"Shh, you need to calm down. I know it's hard, but with time, it will get easier. I promise, babe. The funeral director needs to close things up here, so they can transport your mom's body to the church. Are you ready to leave, or do you want some more time alone with her? I can take Jacob outside again and wait for you."

I looked into those blue eyes of his and tried my best to smile. "I don't want you to leave." I grabbed his hand and turned to face my mother again. "She always liked you."

"She was a nice woman. I think she liked everyone."

I shook my head, but never took my eyes away from my mom. "No, she didn't like everyone. You were the first. She said you were the fresh start that I needed. She said I needed to get far away from this town to be happy. She was right."

He squeezed my hand, forcing me to look his way. A half smile formed on his mouth as he tried to get me to smile. "I've always loved you, Heather."

"But like you said before, it's not enough, right?"

Chapter 8

Jessie

Heather had me in a corner, asking me something like that when we were standing there in that situation. How could I hurt her feelings as she was standing next to her dead mother's body? I wasn't that much of a douche.

Sure, I was confused about my feelings toward her. One day I knew her and the next she was someone completely different. That wasn't even touching on the surface of her involvement with Rick. That's why I wanted to hear the truth from someone else. I felt like in order to give it another go, or call it quits forever, the truth was going to give me that answer. I'd spent too much time already deliberating with myself on what to do. Loving Heather came with complications from the beginning, but I wasn't about to have my whole life revolve around lies that I was unable to wrap my head around.

So apparently, that girl Van had suffered from cancer. At some point, Heather had given her advice and it had helped her.

Good for Heather.

Van was a kind and attractive woman, it'd be a damn shame if she was taken away too soon from her family and friends. I could see the twinkle in Heather's eyes when Van showed up at that funeral home. I think she'd given up on having any peaceful interactions with the people from her hometown.

Once we got to the church, after a ten minute ride of Jacob asking all about dead people, which I might add did not go over with his mother, Heather seemed to be in better shape. She said that she was happy so many people showed up and she was finally able to walk up and say her goodbyes. Of course, I saw how hard it was for her. Imagining that it was my own mother made me sad too. My aunt may not have been my real mother, but in my heart she was the only one I had.

Miss Kat was Heather's lifeline. She kept her daughter safe, no matter what she'd done. She guided her to be a better person and then she became a grandmother, providing the guidance that Heather needed to be a good mother herself. Now, she didn't have that person to call when she was upset or worried about her son, which meant, like it or not, she was going to rely on me more.

As sneaky as it was, I had to know the truth about her. I had to know that she was someone that I could trust with my heart and my life. Right now, I just felt like I'd been kept in the dark when all I really wanted was the truth.

The church filled quickly with many of the same people that attended the viewing. Right on time they brought in the closed casket and put it up at the alter. Heather and I sat in the front pew. Jacob was being on his best behavior because we stopped on the way and got him chicken nuggets and fries. He swung his feet, seated next me, nibbling on them quietly.

In the years that I'd been with Heather, I'd never come to church with her and her mother since Heather never wanted to go. When we visited we stayed at her mother's house, never going out to dinner or to shop. The pastor was an older man. He seemed kind enough and his wife and kids were the same way; super friendly and generous. They were making sure the downstairs was set up for the wake while the pastor was doing the service. It already felt like a long day, but it was really just beginning.

Heather had made it through the first difficult step. Now she just needed to get through the rest of the day. Trying as it may be, I knew she could do it. If anyone was strong willed, it was going to be her.

After sitting for more than fifteen minutes, the organist started playing a song and everyone got quiet. I reached over and held Heather's hand through the service. She needed the support. There was no way I could be a dick to her when she was going through such a trying time.

A couple people that she knew stood up and said something nice. I never expected to see Heather stand, but she did. She walked up to the podium and closed her eyes for a second before beginning to speak.

"Thank you all for coming. I'm sure my mom would be pleased with how many people cared about her." She paused for a moment and I could tell she was choking up. "My mom was my best friend; my only friend at times. When I was a little girl, she worked two jobs to give me and my brother a good life. I remember one Christmas, when I was five years old, that I can never forget. You see, we'd had to move into my grandmother's house, after losing ours. My mother was wreck. We did everything we could to behave to try to make her smile, but again, I was five and my brother was seven. Neither of us knew the meaning of a dollar, or what bills were. So one night she sat us down, while in tears herself, and told us that she wasn't going to be able to give us a Christmas. She said that one of her jobs had fired her and she couldn't afford to buy us presents."

Heather smiled through her tears. "Of course, my grandmother bought us a few gifts, but she was living off of my grandfather's social security. We didn't have any other family, so it wasn't like they could make up for what my mother couldn't do. She cried for weeks leading up to that day, but when we woke up Christmas morning, there were presents from Santa under the tree."

She wiped her eyes with a tissue. "I didn't understand about Santa until I was older. She acted like it was Santa who had given us Christmas, but it was really her."

Heather smiled again and looked down at Jacob. "Last year my mother told me that she'd gone out and pawned her jewelry to get money to buy us presents. One of the pieces was my great grandmother's wedding ring. It was priceless to her, but she gave it up for us."

She looked out into the audience and froze. I looked back but it was too crowded to see what she was looking at. Finally, she smiled another fake smile and kept going. "She gave up a lot more for us, too. My brother couldn't be here and I'm sure most of you know why. I wasn't exactly the easiest child to raise either. Through it all, she stuck by us. I can't tell you how hard it is for me to lose her. Sometimes I feel like she's all I've ever had. I'm going to miss her so much."

Heather covered her face with her hands and moved away from the podium. I looked around and saw people watching, so I rushed to her side and helped her come back down to sit.

The pastor walked over to the podium again and said his final blessing before the service was over.

We stayed sitting as the people cleared out of the church. Heather didn't say anything. Instead, she rested her head on my shoulder and stared at the closed casket as the men stood up and approached it. I'd volunteered to be a pall bearer, so I scooted away from her and headed up myself.

While waiting for everyone to get into position, I noticed a few ladies trying to console her. The thought was nice, but she was going to be hurting emotionally for a while. She said it herself; her mother was her best friend.

The cemetery was located on the back part of the church grounds. One good thing was that the mortuary drove the casket over to the plot and then we just had to carry it a few more feet. Since I was involved in that, I wouldn't be with Heather as she made her way out to the site. I was a little concerned that she wasn't going to be able to do it, but in the distance I saw her and Jacob holding hands. She needed that kid, now more than ever.

Once everyone was there, I sat down in the front next to Heather. She found my hand before I could offer her one to hold. I squeezed it, giving her some support without saying anything.

The final prayers were made and the service was over, leaving us sitting there to make our final goodbyes. People walked up and dropped flowers on the casket, before walking away. Heather was sobbing again. I leaned over and whispered in her ear. "Jacob and I will be waiting for whenever you're ready."

She grabbed my hand. "Please, don't go."

"Okay." I helped her stand up and the three of us walked over to the casket.

"Is Nana's body in there?" Jacob asked.

Heather nodded.

"But she's in Heaven with the other angels, right?"

"Yep, she is," I answered.

"Can we go inside now? I'm thirsty and I have to pee."

I leaned over and kissed Heather on her cheek. "When your mom is ready we will go in. Just give her a second."

She turned and looked at me. "I don't want to say goodbye."

I put my arm around her. "She's at peace, babe. I know that you know that."

She nodded. "I don't know how to live without her. She was the only person that I had to talk to. I feel empty."

I wanted to tell her that she could talk to me, Hell I wanted to be that person, but I wasn't making promises I couldn't keep. "You're going to be okay. You're so much stronger than you know."

A few moments later, we were walking back inside the church. We had to make a pit stop for Jacob to use the lavatory and then headed to where the voices were coming from. The fellowship hall was full of people. As we walked in, I saw Heather get that look from before. She froze in place and I followed her eyes. Conner was standing with his wife, Amy and Van. "It looks like more people came to the service. Is that what had you so shocked?"

"I guess I never expected them to be here."

We didn't have to walk over to them, because they were making their way toward us. Heather seemed to be uptight about talking to them, maybe because I'd given her such a hard time about Conner earlier. Of course, she had no idea that I'd stopped by and seen him and his wife, wanting answers she wasn't willing to give.

Conner was holding his wife's hand, while Van walked beside them.

Heather smiled. "Thank you for coming. I know you all liked my mother."

"How are you holding up?" Amy asked.

Heather shook her head. "Not good." She rubbed Jacob's head. "It's just been hard for us. We're really going to miss her."

"My dad died when I was a teenager. It was real hard for me and my sister. I know what you're goin' through." Conner was being cordial with Heather, but she refused to look him in the eyes while he was standing with Amy. This was the first time that I'd seen her react that way.

Amy reached out and touched Heather's arm. "Are you planning on staying in town?"

Heather looked at me and then back to Amy. "Not long. I need to talk to my mother's attorney and make sure her estate is in order. Then we're heading home."

"Oh, I figured you would move into the house." Van seemed surprised.

"I can't live here. I mean, I think it's amazing that you three came to say goodbye to my mother, but I know how this town feels about me. You don't have to be nice to me. I know I don't deserve it." I didn't get it. What wasn't she telling me that she'd done? I knew sleeping with people could be construed as awful, but she hadn't been with that many guys, not that I knew of.

"Heather, this town doesn't hate you. The things that happened were years ago. I certainly owe my life to you." Amy replied. She seemed like a nice girl. From what I'd seen, she'd been busy since she'd married Conner. It appeared that they had a slew of kids running around.

"You know why I can't come back. I can't run into them." Heather was obviously holding something back from me.

"The twins are turning six. It's been a while. I know you won't ever be friends, but I'm sure you can manage to live in the same town without there being a problem." Van seemed like she was trying her hardest to make Heather feel better.

She smiled, but shook her head. "I'd never take Jacob away from his grandparents, anyway. Jessie's home and business are where we live now. We're happy there."

"We don't even live with Daddy," Jacob interrupted.

I could tell that it made Heather feel horrible, so I put my arm around her. "We're still a family, buddy. You know that."

Heather tried to change the subject, not realizing that it was going to cause us to be at a loss for words. "I'm sorry. Jessie, this is Amy. I forgot that you've never met."

Amy's eyes got real big as she looked at me. I shook my head, trying to convince her to not say anything about me coming to them. I didn't want Heather to know I was snooping around. Thankfully, the little lady reached out and shook my hand. "It's nice to meet you. Krista has told me nice things about you."

"Same here!"

This meeting thing needed to happen, because I wasn't about keeping secrets like Heather. It was bothering me, having to pretend and sneak around behind her back. Like it or not, the future with my family depended on the truth.

Chapter 9

Heather

I was in awe. The outpouring of support for my mother's life was downright amazing. I never expected so many people to have been touched by her acts of kindness. It made me more envious of the person that I needed to be.

The most shocking part was seeing Amy, Conner and Van there. I had to remember that they were there for my mother, not me. Van had been so thoughtful, like she always was, when it came to comforting me. I don't know how I would have been able to find the courage to say goodbye without her there. In all the years I'd been jealous of her, I never considered that it was her nature that made everyone fall in love with her. She was always worried about the people around her, putting herself second.

I didn't expect us to ever be friends, but it made me smile knowing that if we passed on the road, she wouldn't be cussing me out. In fact, so many people were kind to me during the service. I appreciated it, even if it were all a show to keep the peace at such a sad time.

Jessie socialized with the Mitchell family while I made my rounds thanking the people that had attended. Jacob, being the only child there, was getting bored and anxious. I knew he was going to start bouncing off the walls at any moment. He'd asked to go outside and play over ten times.

I think, for the most part, I was running on autopilot. With the events of the day overwhelming me, I knew I was going to break down again later, after it all sank in. One good thing was that I had Jessie with me. For some reason, knowing that he was by my side made everything a little easier.

I was still pretty confused with his actions earlier in the shower, but who was I to complain about being able to be close to him like that again. It had been a while and I hadn't realized just how much I missed that intimate touch.

He was the perfect guy; grounded, responsible, caring. It was all great except for the fact that I had tainted his reputation. Being with me was what his parents feared. They wanted him with a perfect career woman, who waited until her thirties to conceive their planned child

Jessie helped clean the hall up before we left to head back to my mother's. Jacob complained the whole way that he was hungry, bored and wanted to go home. He was officially over the events necessary to bury and say goodbye to his grandmother. I felt mad, but tried to understand that he was only five. He just wasn't old enough to understand the complexity of the situation.

I don't know what I expected when we pulled up at my moms. Maybe I thought it was all a dream and she was going to come walking out to greet us. Whatever the case, I just sat there, staring at the front door that wasn't going to open.

Jessie climbed out and stuck his head back in. "Heather, are you coming?"

I don't know why I put him on the spot, but that's exactly what I did. "Tell me you love me, Jess."

He took his head out for a second and shook it. "I'm not playing this game with you tonight. It's been a long day and we're all tired."

It made me mad that he couldn't even say those simple words to me. "Are you going to sleep in my bed tonight?"

"Dammit, Heather. Just come in whenever the hell you feel like it. I'm not doing this with you."

I watched him walk to the front door, letting him and Jacob in, before closing it behind them.

Why couldn't he talk to me about feelings? I hated not knowing what was going to happen, especially since he was the only person that I had left, besides my own son. I needed his support and understanding. I wanted us to be together again.

After a couple minutes, I started getting mad about his actions. He was being supportive, but where had he gotten the idea that sleeping with me was going to be okay? He took it to that level, in my most emotional state ever, with no regard for how it would affect me later on.

I stomped up the stairs and found him sitting on the couch, reading something on his phone. It made me madder that he was sitting in here like he didn't know that I was upset with him. "Why can't you talk to me?" I stood over him, demanding an answer.

"What if I said what you didn't want to hear? Would you still want the damn answers?"

It was going to get ugly. We'd been down this road before. "I just want to know where we stand. What happened this morning? Why'd you come to me? I didn't ask for that."

"You weren't complaining!" He said rudely.

"Of course not. All I want to do is be with you. In fact, you knew I wouldn't be able to say no, so you took advantage of me, didn't you? You just wanted to f**k me and walk away again, like you always do. I'm not a damn punching bag, Jess. I have feelings. Right now my heart is so broken. Being with you made it all go away, even if it was temporary." I stood there, in front of him, waiting for him to respond to me.

He put his hands over his face while he thought about what to say. "Heather, can we just sleep on it and talk tomorrow? I'm tired and I'm really biting my tongue so I don't hurt your feelings."

"It was a simple question. I didn't ask you to marry me. All I wanted was to hear you say those words." That stinging in my eyes was happening again and I was fighting to hold back the tears. He couldn't see me getting emotional over his actions.

Jesse stood up and got in my face. He ran his hand over my cheek and kept it there. "I f**ked you in the shower because I was horny. As far as my feelings, right now, I just feel sorry for you. Consider it a pity f**k." He walked away from me, leaving me there alone in the living room.

I fell to my knees, burying my face into my hands. He could probably hear me, but he never came back out. Jessie had said worse things than that, but he always knew when it would get to me the most. I got that he thought I didn't deserve his love, but he had a terrible way of speaking to me. He was still so angry, after all this time, and I guess that being there, around the people that were affected, was too much for him. He probably felt embarrassed that he was ever with such a monster.

I wondered if I would ever be able to break free of my past. Even starting over with someone new would require me to tell the truth. I knew that was what Jessie was so angry about. He wanted to hear what I'd done that was so bad. All he knew was about the sex parts. He didn't know the real story about what I'd done to Ty. He had no idea that I'd drugged him and taken pictures to make his wife leave him. He didn't know that my actions almost killed her and her twins.

I cried harder, knowing that I will never going to be able to move forward unless I came clean. Like it or not, I was going to have to be honest. I shook my head, knowing the inevitable was going to have to happen. With nothing else to lose, I stood up and starting walking down the hall to find where Jessie had gone.

He was tucking Jacob in. I leaned against the doorframe, trying to keep my tears at bay. When he looked up and noticed me standing there, I could see the content in his eyes. He didn't want to hash things out again.

"I'm ready to tell you everything, Jess."

His one eyebrow cocked up. Jessie leaned down and kissed Jacob goodnight, then stood up and started walking toward me. He followed me back into the kitchen, where our fight had begun. He face was unreadable as he sat down and folded his hands. "You told me all this before and then I found out from my sister that it wasn't the truth. What makes this time different?"

I looked up at him. "I'm tired of fighting about it. If you're going to leave me and walk away from this, at least I will know it was because you couldn't handle the truth, instead of you not being able to handle not knowing it."

"Heather, you do realize that if it's that bad, I may not be able to get past it?"

I nodded and started tearing up again. "Yeah, I know. I already feel like I've lost you, so telling you seems like the right thing to do. At least you can walk away with the truth."

"For what it's worth, I appreciate you being honest with me. No matter what happens, I did love you, Heather. I just can't deal with the bullshit."

"I know," I said sadly. "I'm used to being hated. If I were in your shoes, I'd hate me too." I paused for a moment and looked up into those blue eyes. "Can you just promise me that you'll keep it from Jacob? He doesn't need to know the person I used to be. I'm his mother; I'd die before I'd let anything happen to him. Please don't tell him."

He reached over and touched my hand. "You know I'd never do that. I know you love our son. I won't tell him, alright?"

I smiled, but it wasn't because I was happy. My heart felt like it was going to explode out of my chest, while my body shook in fear. This wasn't exactly easy for me. I'd never come out and admitted what I'd done to someone. In fact, I'd always thought that I could get away with never talking about it again. People didn't understand how much it hurt me to look at my own child and remember the time when I almost killed two, out of stupidity. They didn't see that every time I looked at Jacob when he was born, I thought about those little twins hanging onto life. They didn't know that I feared losing my child every single day of my pregnancy, because I didn't deserve to be a mother. They didn't know that I'd considered giving my baby up for adoption because I didn't think I could take care of someone else, when I couldn't even manage to be responsible myself.

Jessie was the reason that everything changed. When he came back and told me that he wanted to be a part of our child's life, the fear and pain went away. Now, imagining being without him forever was ripping me apart.

"You already know most of it."

"Heather, tell me. I want to know that deep dark secret that you haven't told anyone. I want to know what you did. Why does Tyler and his wife hate you so much? Why are you so surprised that Van and Amy showed up today? What the hell are you hiding from me?"

My lip quivered as I cried in fear of seeing him walk out my door. I suppose that it could have been worse; I could have been a real murderer. This was going to be bad enough. I knew Jessie and this wasn't going to fly. I should have never agreed to tell him. I'd rather him walk away not knowing. I had to change my story. I had to keep the awful truth locked away if I had any hope of us being a family again.

Chapter 10

Jessie

She was stalling. I could tell that I wasn't going to like what she was about to tell me, but I'd known that when I found out she'd been keeping something big from me.

I realize that people can change, but it's the fact that she kept it from me for so long. I'd begged her to come clean, to trust in me; to trust in us, but she refused. Her inability to reveal her big secret made me feel like she probably kept other things from me too.

I knew Heather had a hard life. She'd pretty much mistaken sex as love for years. I'll never forget our first night together. She trembled at my touch, because for the first time, she was with someone that genuinely cared for her. It wasn't her looks that first attracted me to Heather. I guess I liked that she was broken and running. I wanted to take care of her and make her see that she could feel safe with me. I wanted to protect her, and even have a future together.

Had it not been for the truth coming out, I think we'd still be together, raising our son in a loving environment. Instead, we spent most of our time arguing and avoiding the obvious. We were a broken family. I got that part of it was on me, not being able to move on. I'd been betrayed by someone that I thought I could trust.

It wasn't just her knowing Rick. It was so much more. She'd come to my town for dirt on him, not to seduce me. I got that. Still, what happened between us never would have happened had I known the truth. I could have sent her on her way and never looked back.

Her web of lies forced me to be in a relationship with her. I couldn't walk away because we had a child. Now, after all this time, I was done trying to make it work. I wanted the truth or I was gone. Jacob would be fine. We lived close enough that we could share custody, if I decided to take that route.

Heather was crying, but after she poured a glass of wine, she sat back down and looked right at me. I watched her fingers rolling around the top of her glass as she thought about what to say to me first. "Jessie, if I tell you this, I know it isn't going to make you stay with me. I know you and you are going to hate me, more than you do already. I just wanted to forget about it myself. It wasn't just because I didn't want you to know. What I did hurts to admit. I still can't forgive myself for it. I can't get past it."

She cried even more, leaving me waiting for this big reveal. I was done feeling sorry for her. "Just tell me. Don't you trust me?"

She nodded. "I've always trusted you. You're a good man. You live by strict morals and I admire that about you, so much. That's one of the reasons that I fell in love with you. You're the best man I've ever known. You see the good in people and appreciate them for their flaws."

"That's because they're honest, which is something you've never been. Don't you get that? I've given you the benefit of doubt. I've stayed and tried to work things out, even after I found out why you showed up at my door. I protected you, shared my life with you, but you had more secrets. How am I supposed to be with you, Heather? You're full of lies and secrets. Who would have the patience for that shit?"

She shook her head. "Nobody. I know it's my fault, okay?"

"Just get this over with. I've waited all these years. Don't you think I deserve to know?"

"Yes." She looked down and then back up at me. "Can you just tell me one last time? I just want to hear you say the words, even if you don't mean them. I know you don't want to, but I just need to hear them."

I knew what she wanted to hear. I looked right into her blue eyes. "I can't."

She cried more. "I deserve that."

"You have five seconds to start talking to me and then I'm going to bed. It's been a long day and I can tell that you don't want to do this."

"I'm sorry, it's hard for me. Can you just be nice while I find the words?"

"How about you find the truth and spit it out!"

She wiped away her tears and took a big drink of her wine. "You already know who it has to do with. Nobody knows that he made promises to me. He told me we'd be together."

"Who? Tyler?"

She smiled for a second. "I'd loved him since I was a little girl, but when we hit puberty, it became more intense, I guess because it was real for me. Every waking second of the day I thought about being together. We'd grown up together, shared the same friends, and interests. He was my first you know."

"Your first as in you lost your virginity to him?" I could have figured that much, since she was so obsessed with him.

"He was my first everything." She looked up at me for a second. "When I was fourteen we were at a party. My girlfriends knew how much I wanted to be his girlfriend, so they planned a game of truth or dare. He thought that they'd dare him to moon someone, or eat something gross. He didn't know that the dare would be to spend ten minutes in the closet with me." She took another drink and shook her head. "I'd imagined kissing him for as long as I could remember, but when he came into that closet, I just froze. We were so close that our bodies were pressed together. I could feel his breath on my face and I just stood there. Ty grabbed one of my hands and told me that we could just tell everybody we made out. He said I didn't have to do anything that I didn't want to do. It was so sweet. I moved my lips toward his and kissed him. He never let go of my hand as we kept kissing and by the time the ten minutes were over, I just wanted to go back inside that closet with him."

"So, there was a time when he wasn't an ass**le to you?" She'd told me things that he'd said to her. I knew he wasn't nice when it came to Heather.

"Yes, he was nice. Ty was gentle and considerate. After that night, we made out a couple other times, but he wouldn't ask me out. I was too afraid and only told my closest friends. When I finally got the nerve to do it myself, he showed up at school holding hands with Van. I was heartbroken and even went home from school sick. It devastated me. One day he was kissing me and then dating her the next. I spent hours making myself look beautiful every day and he dated a girl that looked more like a boy than a girl."

I saw the jealousy pouring off of her as she spoke. "My friends kept egging me on though. They told me that Ty was just being nice to Van. They said he really didn't like her. I believed them, so I wrote him a letter. I told him that I wanted to be his girlfriend. I waited three days to get a letter back. It wasn't what I expected. He said that we could only be friends. He said that he loved Van and he wasn't interested in me like that."

"Let me guess. That's when you decided to be the other woman? At age fourteen?"

She shook her head. "No, of course not! I cried for the first week, trying to hide my embarrassment from telling him my feelings. Nobody wants to hear the person that they love say they love someone else, even if we were just kids. For the next year, I tried to move on. All along I thought that one day they would break up and he would see that I'd been waiting for him. They had nothing in common anyway. He was the quarterback and I was the captain of the cheerleading squad. We were together all the time, but he never mentioned that letter. After every game I had to watch him getting a kiss from her. I watched him putting his arm around her and walking down the hallway with her holding hands. It never got easier, seeing them so happy when I was so alone. Each time he'd smile at me, I got my hopes up for nothing."

"Why didn't you just move on? I'm sure plenty of guys wanted to be with you." I just didn't get it.

"We lived in a small town. Everyone knew everyone. I was afraid that if I dated someone else, it would mess up my chance of being with him. There was that bro code thing and dating one of his friends would mean he'd never date me himself. I wasn't willing to risk that. I needed to save myself for him, because I believed that one day we'd be together."

"That's pretty pathetic, if you ask me. You kept yourself from living, while waiting for someone that was unavailable." She needed to see that. I hoped she wasn't that naive.

She wiped her eyes again and poured more wine. "I know. I couldn't help it. I couldn't stop loving him. I tried. It just wouldn't happen. Anyway, after another year or so passed, we both ended up at the same party. Ty had been drinking and he was pretty out of control. Van, being the good little student and daughter that she always was, had gone home early. After he made a fool out of himself by starting a fight, I took him into a room and tried to calm him down. It just so happened that it was someone's bedroom. It was dark and we were alone. He laughed about the situation, at first. There we were, alone in the dark, like we were years before, except I was the only virgin in the room. Ty had been with Van. When it happened the whole school talked about it. So, there I was, standing in the room, alone with the guy that I'd been in love with since the third grade. I'd also had a couple of beers, so my anxiety was non-existent. Ty wouldn't shut up about Van, so to make him stop talking I kissed him. I thought that if I was just good enough, if I was better than her, he'd want to be with me."

"So you slept with him? That's pretty bold, Heather. You gave up your virginity to a drunk guy to try to steal him away from his girlfriend?"

I placed my hands flat on the table and smiled. "Yeah, I did. I really believed that."

"So did your plan work? Obviously, it didn't?"

"Nope! We had awful drunk sex and then he left. The next morning he showed up at my house. He was crying and begging me to not to tell anyone what had happened between us. He said that Van could never find out, because he couldn't lose her."

That sucks for her. "Wow. How did you take it?"

"Well, I was devastated and embarrassed. I'd let him deflower me and he still didn't want me. So then I started thinking that he'd only felt that way because he couldn't remember it. I promised him that I wouldn't tell anyone, ever. Then I told him that if he ever wanted something more, I'd be there waiting. I told him it could be our secret."

"He probably pounced on that offer. I know I would have at that age." It was high school. All I thought about was getting laid.

"Nope! He hugged me, but told me that he couldn't do that to Van. He said he just wanted to pretend that it never happened. My plan had backfired and I was left loving him even more. I was so envious of what they had. I wanted to feel that love that he felt for her. I obsessed over it."

I laughed, not meaning to offend her. "So you became the stalker type?"

She laughed. "No. I didn't have to. Ty liked to party. He liked to drink even more. At the next party, I came onto him again, thanks to some spiked punch. This time, he sobered up before we finished. As the sun came up, so did the rush of guilt. He paced around that room and begged me to keep a secret again. Since it was the only way I could be with him, I told him that I'd do whatever he wanted, whenever he wanted it and it could be our little secret. I may or may not been naked when I offered."

"So you figured out how to get him into bed again. That's pretty good for being as young as you were." She was a little firecracker. I'd seen pictures. Plus, I'd seen her naked. It was something that I could never turn down.

"I was desperate. The more I was with him; the more I wanted him to realize that I was who he should be with. I just wanted him to love me." She looked sad and I could tell that she regretted her decision. I felt sorry for her, knowing that she'd done something so desperate just to be able to feel what being in a mutual loving relationship was like. The poor girl had been deflowered thinking it would make him love her. It was so damn pathetic.

"For the next couple of years I hooked up with Ty whenever he called. Sure, to keep us a secret, I'd dated other guys, but never been interested in them. I couldn't be when my heart belonged to Tyler Mitchell."

"Did he ever say he wanted to be with you?"

"Only when he was drunk. Each time he sobered up, he'd swear that he never said it. When we got into college, he was partying so much that he was out of control. I'll never forget the day I found out Van had dumped him. He called me and was a crying wreck. Of course, I didn't waste any time. I spent the night with him and we hooked up every night for the next week. I don't know how she found out, but one night at a party she walked in on us. Ty was trashed, but went running after her. That was the night that he had his accident. It was the night where everything changed for me. I was so close to having him and she'd ruined it. She'd taken him away from me and I didn't know if he was going to make it. I snapped!"

I got up and grabbed a beer out of the fridge, before responding. "So evil Heather was born?"

"Yes. It's when I lost compassion and replaced it with hate. My love for him overwhelmed me and I couldn't imagine spending one moment in the world without him. I wanted to die myself. In fact, I considered it."

"Think about what you would have given up. You wouldn't have Jacob if you had ended things there." I hated hearing her say she didn't want to live. Her story was breaking my heart. I understood how a perfectly normal girl could lose her mind over such circumstances. It was horrible.

She nodded. "True, but I also would have saved a lot of people from suffering had I died. That night set everything into motion. My fear of losing him."

Chapter 11

Heather

I could see that Jessie was feeling sorry for me. That's not the reason that I wanted him to know the story. I just wanted him to know that I wasn't always the evil bitch that I had become. He needed to know that I once had a huge heart. I just chose to give it to the wrong guy.

"Jessie, I will never forget loving you. What I feel for you is so much more than I ever felt for Ty. My love for him was based on desperation. Being with you is different. You make me feel whole. I've never had that before."

He reached over and touched my hand. "I feel the same way. I knew it was real. Nobody had ever made me so crazy. I knew it had to be my dumb ass falling for you."

Jessie looked right into my eyes. Wanting Ty to love me felt like such a long time ago. Jessie was real and he was slipping though my fingers. "Do you want me to continue tonight? We can talk more tomorrow?"

"I'm wide awake."

"Fine." I felt defeated. If he'd only give me more time, maybe I could feel his arms around me one last time. "While Ty was in the accident, I did everything I could to claim him as being with me. Then Colt came to town. All of the sudden, Van was spending less time at the hospital and more time in the arms of Ty's cousin. I finally felt like I had a chance, if only he'd wake up. Then he did."

"So she was already with his cousin? That's crazy. Didn't they know how pissed he would be? I'd kill my cousin if he f**ked my girlfriend."

"Technically, they were broken up. It didn't matter. The moment he woke up, she was by his side acting like nothing had happened. When he finally was released to go home, his parents threw a party for him. That night he asked her to marry him. I was so sick to my stomach. After all that time, after her being with someone else, he still wanted her over me. Then about an hour later, she disappeared and he was all over me, thanks to pain pills and a few shots of liquor. All along I thought the marriage wasn't going to happen. I think it was the next night that the truth came out. I got a call from Ty saying that he'd just caught Van and his cousin f**king in his truck. He was torn up over it. I will never forget the things he was saying about the both of them."

"So were you an official item after that?"

I shook my head again. "Nope. We hooked up, but he was too upset to talk about a relationship. I wanted to give him time. He needed to get over her, so I could have him forever, so I thought."

"Obviously, that didn't work out for you." He chuckled.

I laughed, but was terrified of the next part coming out. "He ended up going to Kentucky with Van. When he finally came back, he'd changed. He was cold and didn't act like I meant anything to him. We'd still hook up, but he barely participated. He was just going through the motions."

"What happened in Kentucky?"

"I have no idea. He never told me. I'd been over a couple times and heard him talking to his cousin, or whom I thought was his cousin. It was Miranda."

"Wait? He said she was his cousin?"

I had to laugh. It was too hard for me to understand at first. "She is Colt's cousin on his Mom's side. Ty and Colt and related through their fathers, so Miranda has no relation to Ty."

"Still seems f**ked up!"

"Yeah. Anyways, after nearly a year of being just a f**k buddy, I decided to take things into my own hands again. I thought that if I gave him something he wanted, he would wake up. So, I got my roommate to agree to a threesome. We dressed in skimpy clothes and showed up at his place."

"You never told me you had a threesome." He seemed like he wanted a play by play.

"Calm down, cowboy. It never happened. It was close, but someone showed up at his door and everything changed. It was his cousin, with a little toddler. He pushed me out and welcomed the two of them. I thought he was just being a nice guy, but then they showed up at a party. I even had my friend Mike hit on her. Ty was on his ass and then the real show happened. I'd never seen him so jealous. The next thing I knew, they were all over each other, displaying their attraction for everyone to see."

"He never mentioned them being a couple?"

"No. Then all of the sudden they were. She moved in with him and they got engaged. It all happened so fast. He pushed me out of his life like I never existed. I was so angry. I'd devoted my life and heart to him and he just threw it away, like I meant nothing."

"Why didn't you just throw in the towel and move on?"

"It was no longer about being with him. I wanted him to pay for what he'd done to me. He'd used me and threw me out like garbage. He'd called me a whore and let everyone know it. He'd taken every single moment that I cherished and acted as if it never happened. I just wanted him to feel what it was like. I wanted him to hurt. I wanted him to have nothing, just like me."

"So this is when you went off the deep end?"

"Not yet. I did get him in trouble with Miranda, but she wised up and believed him." I poured more wine and took a big drink out of it. I was closer to revealing the awful things that I'd done. I was moments away from losing Jessie forever. "Actually it was a while before I did anything else. I calmed down and started dating other people. I was trying to move on, but not doing very well with it. Then Ty showed up on my doorstep. He said that he needed my help. He said he needed my brother's help, actually. What I'm about to tell you can't leave this room. It's illegal and could cost them a lot. I don't want them to have to suffer anymore. Promise me, Jess."

"Yeah." He seemed so confused. "I promise."

"Ty needed papers doctored saying that he was Bella's biological father. He wanted my brother to forge a paternity test, so that he could have his name added to her birth certificate."

Jessie froze and just stared at me. "Hold on, you're telling me that bastard showed up here asking you to break the law for him? After everything he put you through, he wanted a f**king favor?"

I ran my hands over my face. "Yeah, he did."

"That mother f**ker! Who the hell does he think he is? You aren't a f**king punching bag. Did he even consider your feelings? How could he come to you with that? Heather, tell me you told him no. Tell me you didn't help him."

Tears filled my eyes. This was it. This was where he would stop feeling sorry for me. This was where he was going to stop loving me forever. "I gave him a counter offer."

"A what? You didn't? No. Babe, tell me it isn't what I'm thinking. After everything?"

"Jessie, I just wanted to be with him. I couldn't help myself. I told him that I'd get my brother to help him if he'd sleep with me. I wanted him to be with me one last time. I wanted to be closer and I wanted him to feel guilty for cheating on his wife, all at the same time."

He held his hand up. "That's just wrong in so many ways."

"That's not how the story ends though. As much as he loved his wife, he couldn't bear the thought of losing his daughter, that he'd considered his own. He said her life depended on it. I knew what I was doing was wrong, but I just stopped rationalizing with myself. If he was willing to sleep with me, I was going to let it happen. I wanted him to be miserable."

"So he agreed?"

"At first, no. He left, after saying a few choice words to me. It took him a while to come back. He showed up at my door in tears. It had been weeks, and I hadn't heard a single thing from him. Then all of the sudden he's at my door, saying Miranda left him."

"Did she?"

"I was skeptical, so I decided to put him to the test. If he was telling the truth, then he would sleep with me." I paused and stared at the empty bottle of wine. I needed more, much more. "Ty was willing to do whatever it took to protect his daughter. I should have called things off. Looking back, I know how wrong it was, but I did it anyway."

Jessie leaned into the table, getting closer to me, like he was actually excited to hear. He would soon change his mind. Soon, he would learn the truth and think I was the devil, just like Ty and Miranda. "You slept with him, then?"

"Not exactly. You see, I think I knew he was lying about them fighting. He even pretended to have a phone call with her, but I wasn't buying it. When he asked for a drink, I spiked it with a pill. I just wanted him to get drunk fast and tell me the truth. I wanted to catch him in his lies."

"You could have killed him. As much as I really don't like the f**ker, he could have been allergic or had a reaction."

I laughed. "Ty ate pain killers for dinner after his accident. I knew it wouldn't hurt him. However, it did make him pass out. Then I had a choice. I could make him think we'd sleep together, or have someone pick him up and never talk to him again."

He shook his head. I could tell he was disappointed. "Let me guess. You picked revenge, didn't you?"

I nodded. "Yes."

"Is this what you couldn't tell me?" He reached over and grabbed my hands. "Because I have to tell you, I don't blame you. He strung you on for a long time. Did he really think that it was okay? Obviously, he didn't consider hurting you for all those years. It sounds like he didn't even care about your feelings at all."

It hurt to hear him saying that. After all this time, hearing someone say that Ty never loved me still hurt. "There's more to the story."

He stood up and walked around to where I sat. I watched him, wondering what his intentions were. He took my hand and pulled me to face him. He reached up and ran his fingers over my cheek. "If I would have known you back then, I would have helped you forget all about that dickhead."

I smiled, feeling his breath on my face. He nudged toward me, almost able to touch my lips with his. "Ty wouldn't have existed if I knew you first. He doesn't compare to you."

He rubbed his lips over mine, but didn't kiss me. "I hate that he hurt you." He guided his lips across my chin. "I can take the pain away," he said in a whisper. His hands reached up my dress, touching me that perfect way that ignited a fire between my legs.

I was immediately weak in the knees. He was going to want the rest of the story, but I could take a break for a chance to be close to him. "Okay." Our lips touched again, this time holding on for a deep kiss. I heard the zipper moving down on the back of my dress.

"Tell me you want me."

I was panting. "I want you," I said softly.

"Say my name with it. Tell me who you want." He never talked to me like that before. I ran my hands underneath his shirt, feeling his warm skin against the palms of my hands.

He grabbed the top and pulled it over his head. While standing there shirtless, I leaned into him and licked around his nipple. My hand slid down into his pants, getting a feel for what was in there. He was so hard, turned on by emotions and fueled by stress. I pulled out my hand and backed away from him, still looking deeply into his eyes. Since my dress was already unzipped, it fell to the floor with ease. Then my slip followed.

I reached behind me, while taking another step back, and removed my bra and then my panties. I stood there in front of him, naked and fragile. "I want you, Jesse." My hands slid up my skin and cupped both of my br**sts. I looked down and watched myself. Then without knowing his exact thoughts, I turned around and started walking into my bedroom. Our conversation was far from done, but as I heard him coming up behind me, I knew he wasn't going to change his mind. I needed him after the day that I'd had. I just needed to forget about everything, like he promised he could make me do.

Chapter 12

Jessie

When it came to sleeping with Heather, I lost all willpower. Her body was my kryptonite, never refusing to taunt me until I broke. I wanted her, not because of her sad life, but because I felt so connected to her. When she told me that I was the only man that had loved her, she was telling the truth. Even though I couldn't say it, I still felt it. Try as I might, I couldn't get her out of my system.

She said she wasn't done telling me the story, but how bad could it be? She probably lied and told him that they had sex. He probably told his wife and they had to decide whether to stay together or not. The secret had to be why she felt so bad. I couldn't think of anything else that would cause such a fuss. Maybe Miranda let him for a while. I could see why she'd hate Heather. She probably felt threatened.

Sitting there, across from Heather, as she told me her story from the beginning, made me see just how broken hearted she was. I still didn't know how she got involved with Rick and she'd explained that she dated Conner, but he used her for revenge. I guess because she hurt his sister so badly. That's why everyone knew the truth. It wasn't like she had plotted to kill someone, or inflicted any kind of harm on anyone. She was just a broken hearted human being. How much more could she withstand before she burst?

Then, of course, she started talking about having a threesome. My mind went right into the gutter with that one. I was sitting there hearing her talking, but picturing her and another chick naked and getting it on. I think for five minutes I lost track of where I was and put myself into some fantasy where I watched her touching and licking all over another woman.

Of course, that didn't help me from holding back my sexual desire for her. It only added fuel to the fire. She was standing there, so emotional, but still so sexy. I looked at how her cle**age hung out of the top of her sleeveless black dress. I thought about her br**sts and her perfect little ni**les. Then I thought about the reaction I got when I sucked on them.

Moments later, my lips were on hers and I was following her naked ass into the bedroom. Upon arriving in her room, she pulled me on top of her. I could feel her br**sts against my chest, and leaned up to be able to run my hand over them. She bit down on her lip and closed her eyes. I didn't touch her because she'd done something for me. I didn't tell her to keep our sex a secret. I wanted her because she was sexy and she made me feel like no other woman had. She didn't have to worry about me running to someone else. As much as I'd wanted to walk away before, it wasn't ever because I had someone else waiting for me.

Getting over Heather wouldn't be easy for me. For as many reason as I hated her, I loved her just as much. It was that indecision on my part that kept landing me right back in bed with her.

I slipped my hand back over her ass, cupping her soft skin. She kissed me, licking my teeth as she pulled away. I teased her with my tongue, not letting her have it. She lifted her head, trying to touch hers to mine. I knew she got off it.

Finally, I kissed her full on the lips. Our tongues played together inside of our mouths while our bodies grinded. My pants needed to come off, because they were the only things keeping me from being inside of her.

Heather matched my eagerness by reaching down and tugging on them until they loosened. She used her legs and kicked them down, allowing me enough space to kick them off the rest of the way. She stuck her face against my neck and bit down on my flesh. My c**k throbbed, reacting to the pain she was inflicting on me. I wanted it more, so I dug both hands into her ass cheeks, squeezing until I could feel my nails digging into her skin. She cried out and bit me on my shoulder while rocking her body over mine.

We couldn't call it dry humping since I could feel her wetness as she slid her body over my stomach. She was ready for me and as much as I wanted to dive in, I also needed more this time.

I flipped her over easily, laying her down on her back. With little guidance her legs separated and I got my first glimpse of her sweet nectar. I ran my fingers over it, spreading her natural lubricant over those pretty little lips. She tugged on one of her ni**les as she watched me touching her, so I kept doing it. Then, without being asked, I flicked her little clit with my thumb, getting off on watching her body react. With each riffle of my finger her body shuddered.

I could tell what she wanted next and my mouth watered just thinking about it. It had been so long since we'd done other things to each other. These types of actions were for two people that were in a relationship, not just having a quickie in the shower to blow a load. I wanted to taste her pu**y. I wanted to feel her smooth shaved skin rubbing against my lips.

Heather's movements were making me crazy, so I stopped wasting time. I removed my thumb and let my tongue get to work. She tasted just like I remembered and soon, after just a few flicks, I sent her into a moment of bliss. Her body jerked and bounced as she let go of all of her frustrations. I continued pleasing her until she settled back down. When she looked down, I kissed her there again, paying attention to her licking her own lips. It was a sign that she was ready for more and I was ready to oblige.

I sat up and teased her entrance with my cock. She reached for her br**sts again, but this time, I replaced her hand with my own, twisting her little ni**les in between my fingers. The harder I pinched, the more she cried out. I was so turned on that I could have finished without ever being inside of her.

Her hand reached down and grabbed me, stroking me, while our mouths met for a kiss. My body was so hot for her. I knew she wanted more and I was ready to give it to her.

Heather was used to rolling over and putting her ass up, except I didn't want her that way. I wanted to hold her and kiss her while I pumped my rock hard dick into her. As I entered, she moaned and met my mouth for another kiss. The sensations ran through me as her inner walls filled with my erythematic pumps.

We rocked against each other, smacking skin on skin. Our tongues played while our hands explored places we already knew existed. I felt my release coming. It was so close. Heather looked into my eyes as I tried to hold on. I felt my muscles tightening and my body taking over. Three thrusts later, I was collapsing on top of her, out of breath and satiated.

Heather began to cry. No, she started sobbing uncontrolled tears. I wiped them away and more came. I kissed her face, but she still cried. "What's wrong, babe?"

"I don't want to lose this. I don't want to lose you. I just love you so much, Jessie. I know you don't feel that way about me. I've ruined our chance to be happy." She kept crying harder and harder. There was only one thing left to do; one thing that could calm her down so she could savor the moment. "I'm not going anywhere."

She shook her head. "Yes you are. You said it yourself. You only came here to help me deal with things. This isn't real. You just feel sorry for me."

I pulled her hands away from her face and intertwined our fingers. My lips were covered in her salty kisses as I tried to convince her that I was being serious. "You're worth fighting for. Our family is worth fighting for."

Finally she calmed down enough to hear what I was saying. "So, you want us to be a couple again?"

I shrugged. "Nothing is keeping us from being together. I don't know about you, but I feel like a weight has been lifted off of my chest. I feel like I know the real you."

For the first time in a long time, I was sure that I wanted to try.

Chapter 13

Heather

I lay in Jessie's arms, holding on to the moment, because I knew it was about to come crashing down. He wasn't going to settle for just what I told him. He deserved to know the whole truth. If he really loved me, maybe he could forgive me. Although, he'd said before that it had nothing to do with love.

This was the pivotal moment where I knew I was inexplicably saying goodbye to us ever being together again. I was basically ending our relationship by telling the truth. Nothing had ever hurt so much than thinking that he was going to hate me.

I ran my hands through his hair one last time. He opened his eyes and looked at me. "What's wrong?"

"Jess, there's more to the story. I wish there wasn't, but it would just be a lie. I did something horrible that night that Ty came to my house and I need you to hear me out."

He sat up on one elbow and looked at me. "So tell me." While running his fingers through my long hair, I kissed the knuckles of his hand.

"I know you're going to leave me." I was already shaking. Jessie could only take so much and hearing what I'd done would send him over the edge.

"Just tell me. You have me naked in bed, for Christ sakes. Where am I going to go?"

I sat up straight and took a few deep breaths. "The night I drugged Ty, I didn't just tell him that we'd slept together. I made sure there was proof of our encounter."

"You said you didn't sleep with him."

"I didn't! I swear! I called my friend and she came over. We took off his clothes and I did the same. Then she took pictures of us in bed together. You can use your imagination with that. They've all been destroyed, so there's nothing for me to show you, not that you'd want to see that anyway. It wasn't my proudest moment."

He just sat there playing with strands of my hair. "So, that's what you did to make him think it really happened? Damn, that's evil. I get why he needed his brother-in-law to help clear his name. I bet his wife was pissed."

It made me sick thinking about how I had acted. Jessie wasn't understanding the complexity of the situation. He'd only seen me getting retribution. I opened my mouth to tell him about Miranda and the babies, but he leaned over and kissed me. I pulled away. "Don't you want to hear the rest of the story?"

"I've waited all these years for you to trust me enough to tell me your darkest secrets. Now that you have, I'm tired of pretending I can just walk away from you. Hearing the truth has only made it more apparent that this is exactly where I need to be. I don't condone what you did, Heather, but I can't deny that I don't want us to try and work it out. I'm tired of fighting with you. I'm tired of telling myself that the only way out is to walk away. What kind of man would I be if I did that to you, after everything you've been through? I've sat back and listened to you say how you didn't deserve to be loved. I heard you tell me a story of a woman that revolved her life around someone that never wanted to be with her. I could hear the pain in your voice. I know he hurt you. I'm not going to be like him. I just want to know that you're not going to keep anything else from me ever again. Can you promise me that?"

I heard him saying that he wanted to be with me, but the truth still stood between us. He didn't know the extent of my actions. Somehow, seeing a light at the end of the tunnel twisted my arm. If I wanted a life with the father of my child, I had to drop the subject and bury it in the past. This was my chance at a new start with Jessie and Jacob. It was a risk that I had to take, because being in his arms was like nothing else that I'd ever experienced in my life. I wanted to hear those three words again coming out of his mouth. I was so close to having it. So, I did what the old Heather would have done. I smiled and pretended to be content with still having a lie between us. "Okay, I promise." I leaned in and kissed him passionately, letting my tongue side over his briefly. "Now, where were we?"

As much as I wanted to focus on being in bed and naked with Jessie, my heart was torn between the truth and living another lie, after I'd promised that there wouldn't be anymore. It was hard to admit to myself that I had a chance at being happy. I'd lost my mother and hope of being able to raise my son with his father. Now, if I played my cards right, I could have something to hold on to.

I felt Jessie pulling me closer to his body. It felt right, the same way it had when we first met each other. I'd missed it so much. "Jess, was yesterday really just a pity f**k for you?"

He opened his eyes and looked at me, sighing and shaking his head. "I think you know the answer already."

"It would be nice to hear you say those words, but if it's too soon, I understand." I was pushing too hard, except wasn't I allowed to? Wasn't it obvious that I needed to hear him telling me he loved me?

"I'll make you a deal. You tell me one last thing and I will say the words. Honestly, I don't now why you need to hear them. I never said I didn't."

I contemplated telling him to forget about it, realizing that his question could destroy the last half hour of happiness and a future that I wanted more than anything else. I'd made him a promise and I wanted to do right by it. "What do you want to know?" I played with his hair and pretended that I wasn't worried out of my mind.

He kept holding my hand, reminded me that he was trusting me. We had made progress. I had to keep my hopes up.

"I want to know how you got involved with Rick. From everything you've told me, I can't see you getting to any point that you'd want to be with a married man, who was clearly psychotic."

I'd explained most of this to him already, but I guess he wasn't fitting everything together. "It all goes back to me meeting Conner. All along, he'd been seeing Amy. I didn't know that Rick was crazy and that he'd been abusing Amy. One day I went to get my haircut and she said she wanted to set me up with someone. She and Rick took me out to dinner to meet Conner, who Rick knew as Miranda's brother, but I didn't. Conner needed to get close to me so he could find out the truth for his family. In the meantime, while he and Amy were busy sneaking around, Rick was doing his own sneaking. He slipped me his number and asked if we could go out and talk sometime. He said he liked to have fun and he and Amy weren't happy anymore. The story that I'd gotten from Amy was that Conner was from out of town and he just wanted company when he came to visit. I liked him, but I couldn't see us going anywhere. Plus, I needed to keep my mind off of everyone in this town that hated seeing my face. So, throwing caution to the wind, and completely losing my mind, I started seeing Rick. He was older and more mature. I just thought that maybe he could offer me a way out. I had no idea he was crazy and plotting to kill his wife. As soon as I found out, I did what I could to help Amy. That's when I came looking for you. You know the rest. I wasn't hiding anything about Rick."

"I just wanted to check."

I laid my head against his chest. "Jess, I've never been so scared in my life. He said he was going to kill me. I watched him attack my mother and then I just ran. Conner and Amy helped me get out of town. They were scared of Rick too. I did my best to keep tabs on him, but he went off the grid for a while. I never wanted to end up in Kentucky, fighting for the life of me and other people, especially when I knew I was carrying your baby. I did what was necessary to stay alive, because I wanted to have a life with you."

He kissed me on top of my head. "I would have protected you, had I known about him."

"I was afraid to tell you. Things were so good and I knew if you knew it would ruin everything. That's exactly what happened too. I lost you the moment you found out. Your parents hated me and most of all, you did too. For the past five years I've done everything I could to get you out of my system, but I just couldn't. I couldn't give up on having the family that I always wanted."

He scrunched up his face and looked at me. "Maybe we should just start over."

I pushed him. "We have a son together."

"I meant we should start with a clean slate, woman! That blonde hair is messing with your mind." He laughed and then got a serious look on his face. "How are you feeling?"

"About us, or my mom?" They were two different things.

"Everything."

"I'd be lying if I said that I was doing okay, but being here with you has never felt so good. Thank you for giving me another chance, Jess. I love you so much."

He smiled and kissed me on the lips, slowly.

Chapter 14

Jessie

Waking up in bed with Heather, and not regretting it, was something new. I don't know how it had all happened. One minute I was ready to walk away from her for good and the next I was feeling bad that I hadn't just forgiven her and let us be a real family.

I turned and watched her sleeping peacefully. She was so pretty, laying there on her stomach. Her naked back had a couple freckles across it. I ran my fingers over her creamy skin. She stirred and got comfortable again, before opening her eyes. "Hey. I thought I was dreaming."

"Do you need me to pinch you?" I teased.

She laughed. "I'd rather you not."

I leaned up on my elbow and looked right at her. "So, this is different."

"I keep feeling like you're going to change your mind."

I leaned in and kissed her forehead. "I'm not."

Little footsteps could be heard running against the hardwood flooring. Jacob came into the room and jumped on the bed. Realizing that neither of us had any clothes on, we pulled the covers up. "Did Daddy sleep in here too?"

Heather looked at me. I just laughed. "Yeah, buddy. I slept in here with Mommy. Is that okay with you?"

He started jumping around on the foot of the bed. "Yeah!"

"Jacob, you're going to fall off the bed. Please don't do that." Heather's attempts at getting him to listen never worked.

"Jacob, did you hear your mother?" He stopped immediately.

Heather groaned and put her head into the pillow, face first. She hated when he listened to me so quickly. I put my arm around her and stuck my head near her ear. "What are your plans for today?"

"I have to start going through things, I guess. The lawyer is coming this afternoon to go over my mother's estate."

"What's an estate?" Jacob climbed up between us.

"It's the belongings of a person that has died," I explained.

He started jumping again. "I want to get out of here! Let's go play!"

I sat up and gave him the look where I was about to punish him. He froze.

Heather finally turned around and sat up. She looked at Jacob and then back to me. "Buddy, I have to clean out the attic too. I bet there is some cool toys up there that you can keep."

"Really?" His eyes got huge. "Let's go now!"

Heather looked at me and rolled her eyes.

"How about you go watch television while Mom and I get dressed?" I pointed toward the door.

"Get dressed? Why don't you have clothes on?" His eyes went toward the covers. I got that he was being curious, but he was way too young for that explanation.

"Jacob, just go watch one of your shows. I'll be right out." I motioned toward the door one more time.

He ran out, like he was afraid of me. Heather started laughing and pulled the covers over her head. I ducked down under the covers with her. "Are you hiding from me?" I pulled her close to me.

"Of course not. I'd never hide from you."

I started to tickle her. Just one touch and she was wiggling around and screaming. Her boobs were so close to my face that I was starting to get aroused. Since I had to pee, I needed to stop before I was locking the bedroom door and taking some morning loving. "I'm getting up."

She reached down and felt me. "I can tell."

I rolled out of bed and held onto my jewels like I was protecting them. "Jacob is waiting for us, you know?"

She pointed to my morning erection. "You're the one with the problem. I was perfectly content until you started touching me with those sexy hands." Heather was giving me that look and I needed to get into a cold shower to calm myself down.

I pulled on my boxers and waved as I walked out of the bedroom. A pillow came flying at my head and I heard her laughing. I liked seeing her smile. She hardly ever did, so it made it more special.

A little later, after my shower and some cereal, we headed up to the attic. Heather's mom's attic wasn't like the kind with the pull down stairs. It was a door that you opened and walked up a set of steps. I imagine that some people would finish it off and make it an extra bedroom. She had set hers up as storage on one side and a sewing room on the other.

Heather bypassed the sewing room and headed right for the slew of storage boxes. I noticed her mother had been working on several blankets that she had hanging up. Pushed to the side was a wrapped package. Thinking that it was for someone, and she had put a lot of time into it, I picked it up to see if there was name attached to it.

It was labeled:

To Heather, Love Mom.

The box was pretty big. I just assumed that it was a special blanket that she'd made, since that was what she always made for people. "Babe, there's a box here with your name on it."

Heather handed Jacob a container full of matchbox cars and started walking toward me, without saying a single word. She had this blank look on her face as she sat down next to me looking at the wrapped package. "Where was it?"

"Sitting down there in the corner."

She pulled the tape off of the corners and lifted the box open. I couldn't have been prepared for what she pulled out.

First, it was a note. She read it out loud.

"Heather, I wanted to give you this in person, but if you're reading this than the timing wasn't right. I hope that one day you will be able to wear this. I made it with love. Please don't be sad if I'm gone. I will always love you. I'm so proud of the mother that you've become. You're so beautiful and I know this will be stunning on you. Love, Mom"

Heather was crying as she pulled back the tissue paper and lifted out a satiny white bunch of fabric. As she stood up, I finally understood what it was. Her mother had made her a wedding dress. Heather held it close to her chest and continued to cry. She finally sat back down and folded it into the box. "Aren't you going to try it on?"

She looked at me and said nothing. With tears running down her face, she traced the fabric with her fingers. In a whisper, "I'm afraid."

"Of what? She worked hard on it."

Heather looked right at me. "It's not like I can wear it."

It wasn't like she was pressuring me to ask her. She didn't say it like that. I knew she wouldn't push me on issues like marriage. We were starting over and needed time to work things out before we took a step like that. "What am I supposed to say?" I felt terrible. Her mother had made her something so special. Was I being a dick for not dropping down on one knee and popping the question?

"It's bad luck for you to see me in it anyway." She tried to smile through her sobbing.

I leaned over and touched her arm. "I appreciate that you're considering that I'd be the groom. I think you should keep it nice. Maybe we could use it on a rainy day when there isn't anything else to do."

She took it as a joke, which was good since I meant it that way. She shoved my side. "You're lucky I like you so much."

"Maybe you can remind me how much you like me, a little later?"

She smiled. "Maybe I will."

Heather took her time putting the dress back in the box, after she'd pulled it out and admired its detail. Her mother really was a talented seamstress. The woman took care of people at the hospital and then came home and made things. It seemed liked a boring life. Maybe she liked the fact that Heather kept her on her toes.

We spent the rest of the afternoon going through boxes. It was tedious, but when it as all said done, we'd made good progress.

The lawyer showed up right before we started to cook dinner. He had called and said that he'd be late, so we just stayed in the attic longer. Jacob had acquired a bunch of new toys to play with. He stayed in the living room setting up little cars and tracks.

Once Heather and the lawyer were sitting down, I joined Jacob. Her mother's affairs weren't my business and I didn't want her to feel like I was intruding. It was something that she needed to handle on her own.

I'd no sooner sat down with my son when he started getting curious. "Daddy, how come you slept in bed with Mommy?"

"Because I wanted to." I readjusted something he had set up.

"Why?"

Of course he would ask that. "Isn't it okay if I want to hug Mommy and sleep next to her?"

"Yes."

"Mommy and I talked about it. We want to be a family and be together again. Is that okay with you?"

He put down his car and looked at me. "Does that mean we can live together and you don't have to pick me up anymore? I don't like leaving Mommy alone. It makes me sad."

I hadn't thought about our living arrangements yet. This decision of mine was unexpected. "We can talk about it. Would you like that?"

"Yeah. Just make sure you don't leave my toys."

Of course, he would mention his most prized possessions. The kid didn't have a clue about relationships. This was just another reminder.

After playing cars for over an hour, I saw Heather walking the lawyer out. She didn't look happy and I could tell that he must not have given her good news. Once she shut the door, I waited for her to approach before asking questions. "You alright?"

"It wasn't good." She shook her head and walked toward the kitchen. "Apparently, she had to cash in her retirement to cover my brother's attorney costs. She spent forty thousand dollars and he still was found guilty. That should be a crime in itself. They robbed her!"

I couldn't believe it. "Wow. She's his mother. That's what parents do."

"I know." She let me hug her. "I just hate that she worked so hard and lost it all. I guess it doesn't matter since she wouldn't have been around to spend it. It wasn't like I was counting on getting rich. I was just hoping that I could put something away for Jacob."

"If we live together, than we can afford to start saving for him."

"I'm not moving in with you just for that. I never asked you to change your life around because things got hard for me. Besides, my mother had life insurance. It will pay for her funeral and then leave a little I can put into savings."

"What about the house?"

"She took out a loan on the house. I have no idea what it was for, but now she has a mortgage of fifty grand. I can't pay it, so I have to put the house on the market."

I knew that the house was a big memory of her mother. Giving it up would be difficult. Heather wasn't just saying goodbye to her mother. She was saying goodbye to everything.

I hugged her in my arms. "We can do whatever you want to do. If you want to keep the house, I can help you make the payments. If you live with me, you will be able to afford the mortgage here. You don't have to lose everything, babe."

She looked up at me, with those blue tear-filled eyes. "Are you sure?"

I kissed her on the lips. "Yes. I'm sure."

Chapter 15

Heather

It was all too good to be true. I knew it and it was just a matter of time before he did too. Then there was the dress. I had no idea that my mother had planned on making me a dress for my 'someday' wedding. It was shocking and upsetting at the same time.

Since I had so much on my plate, it was necessary to take one day at a time. As much as I would have liked to think that my happily ever after was really going to happen, I knew it was far-fetched.

The sad part was that I wanted to be with Jessie more than anything. Still, he was a live wire, sitting and waiting for me to f**k up. It was the same story, but always a different day.

Jacob made out like it was Christmas from the toys we found in the attic. He was set up with cars and army men. For the rest of the evening he played with his newfound toys, quietly. Even Jessie played a little bit with him, reminding himself that he was once a kid too.

After the lawyer left, I felt like I had a lot to think about. Between Jessie asking me to move back in with him, and thinking about letting go of my mother's house, I knew which one I wanted to choose. It was hard to not be excited, even when I felt like we might be rushing back into things. I don't know why it was a big deal. We'd lived together before and been happy. I knew it could be that way again.

When we finally sat down for dinner, it was great to be together holding hands and saying grace. Jacob was little, but I think he knew how special it was. His daddy and I hadn't been spending any time together for months. This was a huge deal.

I think Jessie could tell that I was happy. Considering why we were there, I wasn't siting around crying. For the first time in months, I was optimistic.

After dinner the three of us decided to go out to a movie that was being held at a local church. It wasn't the one that my mother attended, but the whole town was invited. The feature was a kid friendly movie and family's could lay blankets and chairs on the grass and cuddle up together.

I figured that it wouldn't be a big deal since it wasn't happening until it was dark. Even if someone was there that didn't care for me, we wouldn't have to see them.

I was wrong.

The movie had started and we were comfortable on our little blanket. Jacob had a juice box and some fruit snacks to eat. Jessie was holding me in his arms, playing with my hands. It was heaven.

Then Jacob had to use the bathroom, which was a porta-pot that had been set up in the parking lot. Jessie offered to take him, but it really wasn't a big deal, so I insisted. Once I got him inside, I closed the door and waited outside. To my left I could hear someone getting sick. They were in one of the portable bathrooms. Instead, they were hunched over in the grass beside it. It was so dark that I could only make out that it was a woman. She kept gagging and hurling.

I rushed into the porta-pot and grabbed her some paper to wipe off her face. When I reached her again, she was still getting sick. "Miss, I grabbed you some tissue. Are you alright? Do you need me to call someone?"

She shook her head and spit a few more times. "My family is here. I'll be okay."

"How about I just stand here with you until someone comes?"

She nodded, but continued to throw up. I watched her pull out her phone and send a message in the midst of her vomiting. At one point she gagged so much that I held onto her back. She was smaller than me in stature and wore a baseball cap with her hair pulled out of the back. I felt so sorry for her and her family. They had come out for a family night and she was so ill.

I heard his voice and didn't have to turn around to know who it was.

"Baby, I was looking for you. I told you to stay home and rest." Ty's voice was just as familiar to me as it had been when we were children.

I froze.

How was I suppose to react?

At that same time, Jacob came rushing out of the porta-pot. I looked over and saw Jessie approaching. He must have gotten worried because I was taking forever. Jacob ran out to him. "Dad, I could hear my poop falling into that toilet hole. It was so cool!"

Jessie looked over and saw me standing in between two strangers. "Babe, you okay?"

I couldn't speak. Realizing that I was right in between Ty and Miranda was horrific. I just looked at him with worried eyes.

"Heather, are you alright?" He asked again.

In one second, Miranda was spinning around and Ty was grabbing my shirt. They both just looked right at me. Miranda, having just puked up her organs, shoved me back, almost into her husband.

Jessie wasn't having someone shove me. He put Jacob down and approached us. "What the hell, lady. Don't touch her like that!"

Ty walked up and shoved Jessie. "Back off, dude. You don't know what you're talking about!"

Jessie wasn't one to back off, though. He came at Ty. "What the f**k is your problem?"

Finally, I knew I couldn't have them fighting. I pushed them apart and looked from one man to the other. "Jessie, stop!"

"What?" He looked at me puzzled.

I put my head down. "This is Ty and his wife Miranda."

"Did they follow you over here?" He seemed angry.

"No! I saw someone getting sick, so I wanted to help. I didn't know..."

"You're the last person that I would ever want help from. I'd rather keel over and die than get help from you!" Miranda hated me. That wasn't anything new.

"Hold on a minute. It's been years. How about we act like adults?" Jessie was attempting to help, but I could tell that it wasn't going to go well.

Miranda pointed at me. "This bitch almost killed me and my boys. I don't ever have to be nice to her. Why don't you take her pathetic ass back to whatever town you came from and don't come back!"

Jacob was hiding behind my legs. I felt so bad that he was a part of all of this. "Please. Our son is here. Can we just walk away, before he hears anything else?"

"Please! Walk very far way!" Miranda added.

I grabbed Jessie's arm, but he pulled away from me. "What do you mean, she almost killed you?"

Ty grabbed Miranda. "Leave it alone, baby. Let's just get you home."

She tugged her way out of his arms. "No! he needs to know the monster that he's living with. He needs to know what this bitch is capable of."

Before anyone else could speak, I saw Conner walking between us and right up to his sister. "Enough, Randa!"

I hadn't seen the man so mad since he'd told me his intentions of getting to know me. We all just stood there watching him directing his sister. "He needs to know."

Conner shook his head. "It's not your place. She didn't make you drive that car and you know it."

She pointed toward me again. "She made sure that I wanted to leave. She wanted me out of the picture."

"I never meant to hurt anyone, I swear!"

Ty looked at me and I almost could see that he knew I was telling the truth. I hadn't gone there that day hoping she would die. I just wanted them to break up.

I started crying. "I wish I could take it all back. You don't know how sorry I am."

"You don't deserve to be a mother, Heather. Everything you touch turns to shit! I wish you'd just disappear. It isn't like anyone would ever miss you!"

Ty and Conner grabbed each of her arms and started pulling her away from us. Conner looked back at me. "Sorry about this."

I covered my face with my hands, but Jessie didn't come to comfort me. "Let's go! Now!"

I followed behind him knowing that my happy time had ended. I'd lied to him, yet again and he wasn't going to let it go. He was going to leave and there was nothing that I could do to stop him.

We gathered our things and headed for the car. In the distance I could see Amy trying to talk to Miranda. Ty was leaning against his car, while little kids ran around with flashlights.

All I wanted was to be able to get passed everything that had happened. Sadly, it was never going to happen. I had to get out of this town, because there was nothing here for me anymore. Loving Ty had ruined my life. Losing Jessie was going to kill me.

Not a single word was spoken between me and Jessie the whole car ride. I had so much that I wanted to say, but the words just wouldn't come. No matter how many ways I tried to come up with a logical explanation, I knew Jessie wasn't going to care.

I'd had my chance to come clean. I'd promised him that there was nothing else to tell. Leave it to me to keep the worst part of it all from him. I felt awful inside, knowing that the only person I had to blame was myself.

This time, when they climbed out of the car and I stayed, they said nothing. Jessie was furious with me. All I could do was sit there and cry.

How could my life had gone so wrong? All I wanted was to be in love. I wanted someone to love me. Maybe I was just impossible to love.

Knowing that I couldn't stay in the car any longer, I made my way into the house. Jessie was coming down the hallway, with not only his bag, but Jacob's too.

I tried to grab one of them. "Wait! What are you doing?"

"I'm taking my son home. This was a mistake, Heather. I gave you a chance to explain things. You told me that I knew everything."

"I'm sorry. Please just let me explain?" I begged.

He pulled his arm away from me and got right up in my face. "You're nothing but a liar. I don't know what you did to that woman, but it's clear that you're hiding shit from me. I can't trust you, Heather. I can't be with someone that can't tell me the truth."

Jacob was sitting on the couch playing with his toys. Jessie looked over at him. "Come on, buddy."

"Wait! Please don't take him, Jess. Let me explain. Just hear me out. I'll tell you everything."

Jacob walked over and wrapped his arms around me. "I love you, Mommy."

I bent down and hugged him so tight. "I love you, so much! Be good for Daddy. I'll be home as soon as I can, okay?"

"Don't cry, Mommy."

"I'm just going to miss you." I couldn't tell him that Jessie was taking him away from me on purpose.

"Will you come home soon?"

I nodded and kissed him. "I will be as fast as I can."

When I stood back up Jessie was walking out the door. "I'm taking your car, since you have your mother's."

I ran out after them. "Jess, please don't do this. Please don't leave me."

He got Jacob in the car and stood to face me. "I really thought you changed, but you're still that f**ked up girl that showed up on my doorstep. Don't worry about our son. I'll take care of him."

I was crying loudly and I couldn't stop. "Please don't take my baby from me. Please!"

He climbed in the car and pulled away without saying another word. I couldn't believe that it had all really happened. I was flabbergasted and an emotional wreck. Everything that I loved had just drove away in a car, leaving me all alone.

Chapter 16

Jessie

I should have known better than to believe her. I just wanted things to work out, so that we could raise our son together. Heather didn't realize that all of this wasn't just hurting her. It was hurting me too.

She'd ripped out my heart and did not even paid attention to my feelings. As sorry as I was that she'd been through Hell and back, I couldn't condone her lying to me. I was willing to forgive her for everything, if she'd just come clean.

Maybe I shouldn't have left her there, but I had better things to do then sit by and be walked all over. Heather needed to learn that she'd never be happy if she couldn't be honest with people.

Jacob cried for the first half hour that we were driving home. I felt horrible, taking him away from his mother like that. My anger had gotten the best of me. Before I knew what I was doing, Jacob and I were already on the road. My son had been dealing with this shit for too long. He needed a stable environment with no fighting. Had I not walked to check on them, I don't know what would have happened in front of him. It could have been so much worse.

Looking back, I should have let her tell me what they were talking about. Obviously Heather had done something and put Ty's wife in danger. I got that much out of the conversation. At this point, it didn't even matter if I ever found out. I was done with it all.

Heather could take that f**king wedding dress and find someone else, because I was taking myself out of that equation.

About two hours into the ride, Jacob asked if we could stop. I found a fast-food place that was still open and we went inside so that he could use the bathroom. After he was finished, I got him something to snack on and we headed back to the car. "Daddy, can we go back to Mommy now?"

I looked down at him. "Jacob, I know you don't understand it right now, but you're mom and I just can't work things out. We tried, buddy. I swear we did."

"But, I just want to see Mommy. She was so sad. I don't want her to be sad. We should have helped her feel better. You should have hugged her."

I patted him on the shoulder. "Mommy will be okay. We can call her when we get home. Is that okay?"

He shrugged and his bottom lip stuck out more than normal. I felt bad for him. "I don't like you!"

I was shocked that he'd said that to me. "Why?"

"Because Mommy needs us and you left her. You are a big fat meanie head! She said she was sorry and you don't care. I want to go back!" He started screaming at the top of his lungs. "I want Mommy! I want Mommy!"

I didn't know what to do. He'd never acted that way around me. People were starting to look at me, like I had kidnapped him. In a desperate attempt to get him to shut up, I crouched down and held up my hands. "Jacob, stop it! Stop it right now!"

A tear was falling down his cheek. Seeing him hurt was breaking my heart. I thought about Heather, begging for me to listen. I thought about how hard her life had been and how she'd been running from it for years. I thought about really living my life without her.

Then it hit me like a ton of bricks.

I had overreacted and held a grudge over something that happened years ago. Sure, she had kept it from me, but that was her right. After what she'd already told me, I could see that she'd done it because it hurt her so much. It had been the worst time in her life.

What kind of man had I become? Did I really let hate rip apart a family? I sat down on the curb next to my son and ran my hands over my face. "Buddy, I don't know what to do. Maybe I shouldn't have been so mean to Mommy. She just made me so mad."

"When I get mad at my friends, Mommy tells me to forgive them. She says that everybody makes mistakes. Timmy Wallace stole my carpet square at reading time for a whole week. I told him we couldn't be friends anymore, but Mommy told me to forgive him." He sat there acting so mature, like he had all the answers in life.

I rubbed his head. "I love you, Jacob. Even if you don't love me. Daddy just needs time to think about things. I'm not trying to make you mad at me."

"I do love you, Daddy, but I love Mommy, too. She nice and people are mean to her all the time. I don't want her to cry anymore. Can't we just go back? Please take me back so I can hug her?" I'd never seen my child so serious before.

I thought long and hard about the situation that I was in. Things were so messed up. I had my parents on my back all the time about doing the right thing, but I wasn't sure what the right thing to do was.

Obviously, when she'd met me for the first time, she was running. Even though she should have told me who she was, I got why she thought she couldn't. Then we jumped into a relationship, and I guess there was just no way for her to come clean. One thing I never doubted was her love for me. After all that we'd been through, I was starting to feel like an ass for pushing her away. She needed me and I kept walking away. It was ridiculous that she was still around, waiting for me, when I honestly wanted nothing to do with her.

It wasn't my fault that I hated liars. From all of the secrets that had been kept from me, it wasn't my fault. I'd come to learn that my whole childhood had been based on lies. My parents weren't the people that made me. My father was a criminal, who may or may not have killed my mother. Heather being involved in all that was too much to handle.

Maybe I went off the deep end.

The woman that I fell in love with, the one that was running, wasn't a bad person. She'd been thrown around by someone that used her for years. Now, she was doing the same thing with me. She was waiting for me, still hoping that I would come around.

I felt sorry for her. Heather loved people that weren't capable of loving her back. I wasn't like those ass**les. I was in love with Heather. She was a caring and devoted person, who stood by what she wanted. She stayed true to her feelings, no matter how much pain she went through. Her strength was her gift and she didn't even know it. It was both a good and a bad thing.

I had to stop being compulsive and hardheaded. There was a choice that needed to be made and I couldn't just keep walking out when things got tough. It was affecting my son and I didn't want him involved. He was too precious to both of us to be dragged into it all. I looked at his sad eyes. "I'll tell you what. How about we get a room at a hotel for the night and in the morning we can head back to Mommy. I promise that I'll listen to whatever she has to say. How does that sound?"

"Okay, but I still want to call her." He added.

"We can still call her." I promised.

Jacob stood up with his bag of chicken nuggets and walked to the back door of the car. "Let's go!"

I followed him as if he was in charge.

A little while later, after I'd turned around, we stopped at a little motel and got a room for the night. Jacob had settled down as soon as he knew he was going back to his mother. I was still undecided on my feelings. It wasn't like me to be so indecisive, but Heather had a way of making me crazy.

I wanted to do the right thing by my family, but it pissed me off that she couldn't talk to me. Was it worth ripping apart our family? At first look, I thought yes, but after hearing Jacob, I was starting to think that I'd jumped the gun again.

I at least needed to hear her out. We could make a decision together and go from there. Of course, I already knew how Heather would feel. There was never a time where she'd asked me to leave. I had always been the one that walked away.

I needed to change and be a better person myself. It wasn't just Heather that I was running away from. It was growing up and being responsible. Sure, I was a good dad, but I needed to learn to be a good partner. I needed to learn how to forgive and get over things, so we could all be happy together.

Chapter 17

Heather

I'd made it into my mother's room before I lost all control over myself. Once again my heart had been shattered. Why was it so hard for me to be loved by someone? I would have done anything to make them happy and they still didn't want me.

The things that I'd done had come back and bit me in the ass again. Unfortunately, I only had my self to blame. It was the bitter end of another relationship. My son would never have the happy family that he wanted. Instead, he'd be stuck in the middle of visitation rights. Knowing Jessie's family, they'd push him for full custody and I'd have to lose more money by hiring a lawyer.

Without my mother, I had nobody to call and talk to. I was alone completely.

Devastated and out of options, I headed into the kitchen and found a bottle of dark rum. It hadn't been opened, but was covered in dust, appearing to be very old. Hoping that it was strong, I opened the bottle and started drinking. The burn reminded me of what I was trying to accomplish. I wanted to get drunk and forget about the pain, if only for a little while. My life was empty and my heart was full of sadness. I had nothing to be happy about. It was pointless to cry myself to sleep, because I'd just wake up alone.

About an hour later I was feeling better. The dizziness wasn't that bad as I headed upstairs to my mother's sewing room. I looked down at that box that held the dress my mother had made for me. I don't know why I did it, but I started stripping down to my underwear.

The box wasn't taped, so it came open easy. I spread it out and stepped into it, feeling the smooth fabric against my skin. My body may have been numb, but I paid close attention to the way the dress felt. The detail was so beautiful. I ran my hands over the outside. Unable to fasten it in the back, I admired myself a little before heading back down to my mother's room to get a better look in her full length mirror.

The bottle was half empty and I grabbed it, drinking another quarter all at once. The mirror behind my mother's door let me see the whole dress. It was gorgeous and elegant. My mother must have spent a long time making it perfect. Every single detailed item was done by her hands. "Mom, I miss you so much. I can't believe you're gone. I don't know what to do without you. How am I supposed to get through this?" I started crying, realizing that the alcohol could only numb the pain and the not the memory.

I dropped down the floor and watched myself crying in the mirror. I knew she couldn't answer me, but I'd talked to her anyway, in a desperate attempt of having someone there for me. It was hopeless.

I'm not sure how long I sat there. Things became blurry quite fast. One minute I was crying on the floor and the next I was in my mother's car driving down the road. Looking back, I knew it was a horrible thing to do, but nothing was making sense as I went through the motions.

There was only one place that I needed to be; one place to get things off of my chest. I wanted to scream and yell until the pain and anguish subsided.

The Mitchell Farm was dark as I pulled onto the dirt lane. I managed to turn off my headlights halfway up it. I stopped in the middle, leaving the car running, while I climbed out and started walking in bare feet. The gravel didn't hurt my feet since I couldn't feel them to begin with. My skin may have been numb, but nothing else was. Pain, loss, frustration, resentment, all overwhelmed me.

I needed someone to hear me. I wanted them to listen.

Like every weekend when we were younger, I knew where to find Tyler Mitchell. I held onto the sides of my dress as I made my way to the barn. Tears ran down my face when I thought of being fueled by hate. I had nothing left to lose.

Jessie had not only driven away with my heart. He'd taken my son and left me to dwell in my own empty hole of a life. He probably wished I was dead, instead of my kind mother.

Why would he ever want to see me again? All I'd ever done was lie to him. I couldn't blame him for hating me when I hated myself and who I'd become.

I never expected to walk into the barn and see them all sitting there staring back at me. The only one missing was Miranda as my eyes focused on the ones looking back at me.

I held up my hand and pointed at the target. "You! You did this to me!"

Ty looked around the room, and then back at Conner. He crossed his arms and smiled at me. "Get your drunk ass out of here. We aren't kids anymore. If your life sucks it's because you were a dumb whore. Nobody told you to do the things you did."

His words hurt me, like a sheet of glass stabbing me in the heart. "It was all because of you. I wish I never loved you! You took away my happiness!"

Amy and Van got up and came close to me. Van tried to grab my arm, but I pulled away. "Heather, have you been drinking?"

"Did you drive here?" Amy asked.

I took another step forward and talked through my tears. I pointed to him again. He was still so handsome, even with the facial hair. I still remembered the way his skin smelled and what every inch of him looked like without clothes. "I gave you my heart and you threw it away. What did I ever do to deserve that?"

"You need to leave before you upset my wife again, Heather. I have nothing to say to you. I don't owe you an explanation. You offered yourself to me. I never made you promises."

I shook my head and frantically took another step toward him. "I have nothing! Everything I ever did was because I loved you! I wish I never knew you. I wish you never comforted me when we were kids. I wish you never kissed me in that closet. I hate you, Ty. You ruined my life! You destroyed me."

Ty sighed and looked around the room. Van had her hand on my back and I saw him glance at her. "She's right, you know."

Ty looked at Van. "Don't you dare get in on this. I don't need you jumping on that crazy train. She's not worth it."

Amy got in front of me. She looked into my tear filled eyes. "I can take you home. You're not in any shape to drive."

I backed up. "I'm fine! I just wanted to talk. He needs to know that I'm a good person. Why doesn't everyone hate him? He did this to me!" I motioned toward Ty.

He shook his head and started walking toward me. It caught me off guard. I took one step and tripped on my dress. The next thing I knew, I was on the ground and he was standing over me. Van and Amy were crouched down making sure that I was alright.

My eyes were on Ty's and I watched him shake his head and reach out his hand. "Come on, get your ass up!"

My hand went into his before I could think about what I was doing. Once I was standing, he pulled me along, taking me into another part of the barn. We stopped for a moment, but only for him to tell everyone to leave us for a minute. I had no idea what he was going to do. Knowing Ty, he could have been taking me in there to cut off my head. He was furious.

We stopped and I shoved away from him. He ran his hands through his hair and paced around. "Why are you here, Heather? Where's your boyfriend?"

"He took Jacob and left."

Ty froze. He cocked his eyebrow. "What is your son's name?"

"I didn't name him, I swear. It was Jessie's idea."

"You couldn't sway him toward something else? You had to steal my kids name?"

I crossed my arms. "It wasn't like that!"

"Whatever! It doesn't even f**king matter." He let out an air filled laugh. "Look, I don't know why you came here, but you're not welcome. We're not friends and you know why. My wife has been through enough tonight. I'm not going to let you upset her. Just let Amy take you home. Get your shit taken care of and move on. It's the best thing for everyone."

"You don't get to tell me where I can live. Did you even know how I felt about you? Did you know that all I wanted to do was be with you? All the times that we were together, did you ever care about me at all? Did you consider that you were breaking my heart?"

"Jesus Christ! I can't believe you're doing this." He paced around and kicked an old can. "You threw yourself at me. What was I supposed to do? It wasn't like you asked for anything in return. You knew I was with other people."

I put my head down, realizing how much of a fool I had been. "So you never even cared about me? Never?"

He finally sighed and I saw remorse come over his face. "I'm sorry. I didn't know what I was doing to you. I never considered your feelings. I know I was an ass**le, but I'm not that guy. I haven't been that guy in ten years, Heather. I have a wife and children that mean the world to me. You say you loved me, but you wanted to take them away. Did you think that if she left me I would come crawling to you? Did you even consider that I would have followed Miranda anywhere? Your plan wouldn't have benefited you. I wouldn't have run to you for comfort. I would have chased my wife. Damn, you just don't get it."

I got quiet and held my head low. "I do. I get it now. Of course it's too late, but I get it. I lost everything. Are you happy? I have nothing. Make sure you tell your wife that. She got her wish. My life is empty." I sank down to the dirty ground and began to cry.

Ty cleared his voice and sat down beside me. He touched the edge of my dress. "I'm sorry about your mother."

"Save it! I don't need your pity."

"I was just being honest. I'm not the heartless jerk that you think I am. Yeah, I was an ass**le when we were kids, but you were the one throwing yourself at me. Any guy would have jumped on that. You were hot and so damn persistent. It was hard to tell you no. When I had my accident and lost Van, you were the one who helped me. I should have considered your feelings. I did tell you my intentions, though. I never gave you false hope. You did that yourself."

I played with my hands and continued to cry. "I thought you would change your mind."

"Heather, I get it, okay. I f**ked with your heart, but you went bat-shit crazy. You put lives in danger." Ty acted like he'd done nothing wrong.

I felt it was necessary to defend my actions. "I put myself in danger to help Amy. I tried to redeem myself and to make your family see that I wasn't the devil."

He growled and walked around the old room. I watched him scrunch up his face, like it pained him to speak to me. "I can't forgive you for what you did to Miranda. She didn't deserve that. No matter how much you wanted me for yourself, she's my wife. She was carrying my boys."

I stood up and brushed myself off. "I need to leave! This was a mistake!" Ty tried to grab me, but I started running. The dress was heavy in my hands, but I held it tight so I wouldn't trip! "I kept your secret, Ty. She'll always be your daughter. I did that because I loved you. I did it for you!" I screamed it as I climbed into my car. Ty tried to grab the door handle, but I pulled away quickly, spinning around in the field and speeding down the dirt driveway.

I was crying so badly that I didn't realize the driveway had ended. I didn't see the headlights until it was too late.

I remember the horn blaring and a bright light shining. I could hear voices, but I didn't know what people were saying. Sounds of sirens surrounded me, but everything remained blurry.

I just wanted to close my eyes.

I wanted it all to go away.

Chapter 18

Jessie

Once we got settled in our room, Jacob insisted on calling his mother. After nearly ten attempts, she refused to answer the phone. I could see the worried look on his face, but knowing his mother, she'd probably left the phone in her purse and fallen asleep. I felt bad that she most likely cried herself to sleep. There was no other reason why she hadn't answered.

It was hard falling asleep, thinking about Heather being so upset and lost. She literally had nothing with me and Jacob. It was such a sad reality of someone that genuinely wanted to be a good person. In the years that I'd known her, she'd gone out of her way to help people at her job and the church she sometimes attended. Still, she kept to herself and never reached out to make any friends.

Of course, my friends always sided with me, leaving her with nobody our age to turn to for support. I thinks she was afraid to make friends, because that meant she could ultimately lose someone she cared about.

Jacob asked about his mother for a bout a half hour before he conked out. After he fell asleep I tried to call three more times, getting no answer again.

Finally, I was exhausted enough to fall asleep.

Jacob woke up as the sun was rising. I knew it wasn't possible for him to let me sleep a couple more hours, so I got up and showered, then waited for him to do the same. By nine we were back on the road, only stopping at a drive-thru for something to hold us over until we got back to Heather's moms.

I was a little nervous about seeing her, considering that I'd left under bad terms. Still, knowing Heather, she'd welcome me back with open arms and never question my change of heart. I think she got so excited about the idea of having someone that she never let the small things linger. She didn't hold grudges like other people. Heather only wanted to move forward with everything in her life. Looking back was too painful for her.

We arrived a few hours later at Heather's mother's house. The first thing I noticed was that the car was gone. The house was locked and all of the lights were turned out. It was as if she packed up and left.

I looked down at Jacob. "I think that Mommy might have gone home to find us. She's not here, Buddy."

"You should call her."

Since I didn't know what time she'd left, there was no way of telling if she was on the road or actually home. I wasn't sure what to do, so I grabbed my phone and started calling. Once again, I got no answer., except this time, I left a message. At least she would know that we were heading home and looking for her.

As much as I didn't want to do it, we climbed back in the car and started on our long ride home. Jacob was not happy about it and I was tired of driving, too.

After going back and forth, we didn't arrive home until dinner time. My house was empty, but it wasn't like I expected Heather to be there waiting for us. I tried calling her again, but it went straight to voicemail, like her phone had been turned off. It was possible that she'd let it die. It was also possible that she went into work to keep her mind off of me taking Jacob. I just wasn't sure she would have done that.

Heather was off of work for bereavement. She was getting paid and there wouldn't have been any reason for her to return to work. Then I started wondering if she'd just been out at the store or doing something when we'd arrived there. Maybe she was back at her mother's house and everything was fine.

Before I started to get worried, I tried her mother's house number. Once again, there was no answer.

It was about that time when I was officially freaked out. Heather was going through Hell, but she'd never avoided me like she was. I had this bad feeling in my gut, but no idea of what to do or where to look first.

Not knowing where else to turn, I remembered that I had given Conner my number. Then I remembered the name of Amy's shop. She'd be done working, but possibly still answering phone calls. It was a stretch, but I just needed someone to go over and see if Heather was home and if she was okay.

Scissor Sounds, this is Miranda.

Is Amy there? I didn't want to talk to Miranda. She caused all of this shit to be happening.

No, can I take a message?

Does she have a cell phone? How do I get in touch with Conner?

Is this a personal matter?

Yes. It's very important.

Conner is in the house. Hold on.

I waited for more than five minutes before he picked up the phone.

Hello, this is Conner.

Conner, this is Jessie. You know, Heather's boyfriend. The reason I'm calling is because...

Jessie, you don't know what happened, do ya?

What do you mean? What happened?

I'm afraid I have some bad news.

About Heather? Have you seen her?

She's been in an accident. The ambulance took her last night. The girls searched her purse and couldn't find a phone. They went by the house, but you weren't anywhere to be found.

Where is she now? Is she alright?

Amy and Van went to the hospital a couple hours ago. I haven't heard from them in a while.

How did it happen?

Listen man, you need to get here. None of that matters right now.

We exchanged numbers and Conner agreed to come pick me up from the airport. Without getting Jacob upset, I took him to my parents and explained the situation. Since they didn't know about our fight, they didn't ask why I was so worried. I think they knew all along that I'd end up getting back with her. It was only a matter of time.

I made it to the airport two hours later and the next flight wasn't for another hour. The wait was killing me and the guilt was making me regret every negative word that had come out of my mouth about Heather. She'd needed me and I wasn't there for her.

I didn't know how Conner knew about the accident, but if I had to guess, I'd say she went there to get into it with them. She had nothing else to lose once I walked out of that door. I'd been such a fool and now her life could be on the line. If Heather died, I'd never forgive myself.

I'd called Conner and let him know when my flight was arriving and thanked him again for being a decent guy. He didn't have to help me. God knows that the family didn't care much for Heather, yet they seemed to be genuinely good people.

Once I was in the air, I began assuming the worst. If she didn't make it, how would I tell our son? He'd hated me for taking him away from her. This would have been my fault. Had I just stayed, she never would have been in the accident. She'd be safe and with the both of us, instead of fighting for her life.

I had to get to her. She had to know that I changed my mind. She had to know that I was willing to do whatever it took for us to be together.

As the flight landed, I was a nervous wreck. Conner picked me in one of the farm trucks and let me know that the hospital was only a ten minute ride from the airport. I wasn't that familiar with the town of surrounding cities to know my way around.

He was quiet at first, saying nothing about what happened.

"I appreciate you doing this for me. I'm sorry to burden you with all of this. I know you don't want anything to do with her."

"Look man, Amy and I have talked a lot about this. Heather was hot for Ty and sure, she went off the deep end, but that's been years now. She risked her life for my wife and we're grateful. Just because she has issues with my sister, doesn't mean we feel the same way. At the end of the day, we all need to forgive. Life is too damn short." Conner's words rubbed me the wrong way.

"What happened?"

"We were hanging out in the old barn with the family. The kids were all over at Ty's mothers having a sleepover. We heard someone pullin' down the lane and the next thing we knew, Heather is barging into the barn in a weddin' dress. She was lit man. Her ass was so drunk I could smell it from across the room."

"Did you tell her to leave? Please tell me you didn't let her drive like that."

"Of course not!" He shook his head and pulled onto another road. "Ty tried to talk to her. She was going on and on about him ruining her life. It was a good thing my sister wasn't there. It could have gotten even worse."

I couldn't listen to him anymore. I needed answers, not details. "Conner please. What happened to Heather? I'm going crazy over here."

"She got mad and ran to her car. Ty went after her, but she had left it runnin'. The next thing we all knew she was flying down that dirt road and into a tractor trailer. It t-boned the vehicle."

My stomach knotted up when I thought about Heather being hit directly with a tractor trailer. It was hard to keep the tears from entering my burning eyes. Somehow, this was my fault. I sent her over the edge. "Oh God!"

"Amy and Van spent the night at the hospital. They only came home to change their clothes. They haven't been able to go in and see her, but they've been there, waiting. She hasn't been alone, Jessie."

"What are the doctors saying?" It still didn't make me feel any better.

"They won't talk to anyone unless they are family and until she regains consciousness, they wouldn't let them in the room."

It was bad. It was very bad. "I'll get in that room, I don't give a shit what I have to do."

Conner put his arm on my shoulder. "For what it's worth, I hope she's okay. Unlike my family, I knew I was toying with her emotions. I didn't have many morals back then. Amy changed me, so I know anything is possible."

I smiled. "Thanks for everything, man."

"Let the girls know that you need a ride. Whenever you're ready. One of us can come and get you."

"I appreciate that. My sister doesn't live too far from here. I can call her to give me a ride. She doesn't care for Heather, but I'm sure she'd help me if I asked her."

We said our goodbyes quickly since I needed to get inside and find Heather. If I had to fight with the nurses and doctors I was going to do it. Nothing was going to stop me from seeing her.

Chapter 19

Heather

I woke up to beeping, but I didn't know where I was. I tried to sit up, but my body wouldn't move. My eyes were open, but I couldn't see anything. My hands wiggled around feeling fabric from where I was clearly laying down.

Was I in the hospital?

I couldn't remember anything from the time that Jessie left with Jacob. Nothing made sense.

I tried to speak, albeit nothing came out. It was all too confusing and as the beeping began to get faster, I found it hard to take breaths. The room was getting blurry and I could hear someone talking to me. I wiggled my hand and blackness took over.

No matter how hard I tried to keep my eyes open, I couldn't do it. As if I had no control over my body, nothing would work. I couldn't move and I couldn't speak.

I opened my eyes, not knowing how long they'd been closed, and saw people standing over me. They were talking loud and touching me, even though I couldn't feel it. Everything was blurry and I heard machines and beeping in the background.

In the midst of the chaos that was going on around me, all I could think of was Jacob and Jessie. I needed to know where they were and if they were okay. I wanted to know how I'd gotten in this situation.

What if something happened to them?

Were they okay?

Did I try to hurt myself?

Where was I and how did I get here?

Questions filled my mind, but I had no answers.

I closed my eyes and focused on the voices, hoping that one would be of someone I recognized. I focused and heard not a single familiar voice.

I had to know what was going on, except my voice wouldn't cooperate. Even my mouth wouldn't open when I tried to scream. Nothing made sense.

The next time I opened my eyes, the bright light and crowds of people were gone. I was moving through a machine and could hear the clicking of the device. I didn't remember being lifted onto the platform, or how I even got where I was.

Something had happened to me and I couldn't remember it. I felt dizzy again, but fought to stay conscious. I needed answers. I wanted to know what was happening.

Halfway through the machine my body started to seize. I could feel it shaking, but couldn't respond fast enough. My eyes rolled back in my head and blackness took over again. This time I didn't fight it. I let myself go.

If I was dying, than I wanted to go quickly. I didn't want to have to think about all that I was leaving behind. I didn't want to worry about Jessie or imagine never seeing my son again. I didn't want to think about never being able to kiss him goodnight. I didn't want to think about the last words that I'd said to Jessie, or how he felt as he drove away.

I just wanted to fade into nothingness.

Chapter 20

Jessie

Once I had located the part of the hospital where Heather was being held, I ran like a bat out of Hell to try to find her. When I came off the elevator, I was met with double security doors. I rang the bell and waiting for someone to let me in. While I stood there I noticed the label on the door.

Critical Care Unit.

I swallowed the lump in my throat as the doors opened to a long hallway. I followed it until I came to a nurse's station. I didn't have time to ask anything because I saw Amy approaching me. "I'm so glad you got here," she said.

"What's going on? Where is she? I need to see her. What are the doctors saying about her condition?" I was frantically looking for answers and was afraid about what I would be hearing.

Amy led me to a waiting room and we sat down. "I guess Conner told you that she was in an accident?"

I nodded.

"She drove out into traffic. The tractor trailer hit her on the driver's side, sending her body to the passenger side. We were right there and couldn't do anything to help her. She was pinned in the car." Amy played with her hands as she continued to speak. "When the ambulance got there, they had to use the jaws of life to cut her out of the car. They ended up flying her here, instead of driving."

I ran my hands through my hair and couldn't look at her. "How bad is it?"

"They wouldn't talk to us about her condition, but Van knew a lady that told us some. I don't know about the extent, but she has a head injury. Her neck and arm are broken and she dislocated her hip. The nurse told her that the alcohol could have helped her from feeling the amount of pain that she should have been in."

"So you haven't been able to see her?"

"No."

I stood up went to find someone to let me in to see Heather and felt someone grabbing my arm. A doctor had walked in and sat down across from where we were. I just stood there waiting to hear bad news.

"Are you family, son?"

I nodded. "I'm her fiancee. I'm the only family she has besides our son."

"I see. I'm sorry this has happened to your family." He lifted a piece of paper and looked at the chart. "Do you know who Heather's general doctor is?"

I lifted up my hands. "I have no idea. She works at the hospital as a nurse. I'm sure she sees someone there."

"I was her doctor when she was a little girl."

"He was my doctor, too!" Van added.

The doctor looked up at Van and smiled before continuing. "Heather had a dislocated hip, a broken arm, and she broke her neck. She was lucky that she wasn't killed instantly from the impact. Now, from the force of the impact, she was thrown to the other side of the car, which caused serious injuries. Heather took a serious blow when her head hit the passenger side window. We've done several tests and are watching for swelling on the brain for the next seventy two hours. As far as the extent of all of her injuries, well we won't know that until she wakes up and tells us. Of course you will need to consider that in some serious cases the patients don't wake up from this kind of accident. I don't want to give you false hope. It's my job to let you know the severity of the situation."

"So we just wait? That's not acceptable. There has to be something else we can do." I was desperate.

"Unfortunately, we have to wait and see if she wakes up. That will be the best news for us, right now."

"I want to see her!"

He smiled and patted my shoulder. "Come with me."

I didn't turn around and look at the girls as I followed him. It was nice that they stayed, but I wasn't planning on leaving her side. She needed me and I wasn't going to walk away again. This accident was because I'd walked away. I'd never forgive myself for that.

Heather was unrecognizable.

She was hooked to all sorts of machines and her face was bruised badly. I cringed when I saw it. The amount of bruising was bad on the one side of her face that it was doubled in size. Her hair was full of dried blood and pulled away from her face.

The doctor, that I didn't even notice his name, pointed to a chair beside the bed before leaving me alone in the room. I pulled the chair as close as I could before standing over her body. She was strapped to the bed, to prevent movement I assumed. Her arm was in a cast and her neck was in a collar so she couldn't move it. Bandages were on her forehead and over her one eye where the bruising was.

I could feel burning in my throat as I took it all in. My hands shook when I reached to touch her for the first time. She was so fragile that I didn't want to hurt her. It was hard to even speak without choking up. "I'm here, baby. I'm here."

She didn't respond, not that I expected her to. My God, the amount of injuries on the outside of her body made me wonder how much was wrong on the inside.

I put my head down beside her fragile body and prayed that God would spare her life and give me a chance to make it up to her. I'd done her wrong and she didn't deserve this. She deserved to be loved and I wanted to be the person to do it.

After all the fights and the sleepless nights of imagining being happy without her, I knew it wasn't where my heart was at. All along I'd wanted to be with Heather. She was my future no matter how hard I was fighting the truth. There was nothing that my family or friends could do about it anymore. I was done fighting.

"Heather, please wake up. I need to tell you something. Please open those beautiful eyes, baby."

I reached for her hand and rubbed my thumb against it. Her long nails had blood and dirt in them, reminding me yet again of what she'd been through. I felt like the biggest ass**le for what I'd done. All of the head games and indecisions on my part had been the reason for all of this.

Heather thought she didn't deserve to be happy, but the truth was, I didn't deserve her. She was a better person than she knew.

Sure, she'd lost her way and let her emotions go into overdrive, but her heart was just so big she couldn't help it. After everything she'd been through in her life, she clung to the possibility of being loved.

The constant beeping of the machines kept me focused on why I was in the hospital room, begging her to wake up. I pulled her hand up to my lips and kissed it, holding it against my mouth as I spoke. "Please don't give up. Jacob needs his Mommy. He can't do this without your love." I paused for a moment and choked back the tears. "I need your love. I'm so sorry for all of this. Baby, I'm so damn sorry."

I kept her hand against my face as a few tears found their way down my cheeks. I didn't give a damn who saw me, because it was my fault she was laying in this condition.

I'm not sure how long I'd sat there next to her, waiting for any kind of response. When I couldn't go without something to drink any longer, I got up and headed to grab a soda before coming back. Because this wasn't my town, I had no idea how strict they were going to be about me staying, but I wasn't planning on leaving. They'd have to get security if they thought I was going to get up and leave her there alone.

A nurse guided me to a refreshment station and I drank a whole soda before grabbing another to take back to the room with me. As I was walking back, I saw Van walking down the hall with her arm in a mans. At first, I thought it was her husband, but after a second look, I was taken back.

Tyler Mitchell was walking toward me with a bouquet of flowers.

I was both shocked and enraged. I may have landed Heather in the hospital, because of what I'd done, but he was the reason that she felt her life was ruined. He had no right to be there.

Without considering the consequences, I crushed the cup in my hands and rushed toward them. Ty threw up his hands and blocked me as I pushed him backward.

Van stepped between us. "Jessie, please! He isn't here to fight with you."

Ty got up off the floor and fixed the flowers. "I came to apologize, man. I feel real bad for what happened to Heather. How was I supposed to know she was going to show up like that?"

"You should have stopped her!"

His eyes got big and I could tell he was being sincere. "I did. She ran to her car and it was still running. I grabbed the mirror but she pulled away and floored it. If I could have saved her, I would have."

"You should have saved a long time ago. She can't get over it, you know? Every single day she lives with regret. Do you have any idea what that's done to her? She thinks she can't have friends because she doesn't deserve them. She pushed the people that care about her away, because she's afraid we'll leave her after learning what she did. She's got nothing, man."

He put his arms in the air. "I didn't make her do any of it. She did it herself. I never asked her to care about me that way. She made it seem like it was okay."

I turned and shook my head, trying to avoid losing it and punching him in the face. "All I know is that when Heather came back to this town a couple days ago, she feared running into your family. She just wanted to be able to leave before she bothered you. None of this shit was planned. It's my fault for wanting to know the truth. I should have let it go." I ran my hands over my face. "Now, she might not ever see her son again. How am I supposed to tell him that it was my fault? How do I tell my kid that I took his mom away?"

Ty handed Van the flowers. He started to put his hand on my shoulder but backed off. "Let's take a walk?"

I shrugged as we started walking away from Van.

Ty didn't waste any time breaking the ice. "You know, when I had my accident, I was on this same floor. My ass was here for months. Heather tried to visit all the time, but Van was there and they hated each other. I mean, they wished death on each other. It sucked back then."

"You had two women that wanted to be with you. It sounds like a college dream."

He shook his head. "Back then, I knew Van was right for me. She knew what she wanted and that was all that mattered to her. I just wanted to party and have a good time. I didn't care who I hurt. Losing her killed me, but losing her to my damn cousin, crushed my soul. I never knew what love felt like, until I watched Van walk away from me. Maybe if the timing was better and I wasn't busy sulking over Van, I could have given Heather a chance. I just wasn't ready. When I was I wanted to get away from my past and move forward with my life. I wanted to change and be a better person. Miranda changed me. I fell so hard for that girl. Being without her was never an option after that." He started smiling and leaned against the wall. "I was there when my daughter was born. I'm sure Heather told you that she isn't my biological daughter. Blood didn't matter. I had to be her father and I would have done anything to make it happen."

"So you had Heather's brother forge some documents?"

"Yeah, I did. I was desperate. Her grandmother was a drunk loser who helped kidnap my cousin. Van miscarried her first child because of that family. I couldn't let them be a part of my little girl's life. It wasn't an option, man."

I thought about Jacob and what I would do to protect him. "I get it. I didn't plan my son, but I can't live without that kid."

"I'm ashamed of some things that I've done in my life, but my family is worth the risk. When Heather manipulated me into thinking we'd slept together, she didn't just wedge herself between me and my wife. She destroyed me. Miranda left me that night. She was eight months pregnant and took our daughter with her. I didn't get the call that she'd been in an accident until an hour later. I'll never forget watching that clock as I drove as fast as I could to get to them." I watched Ty wipe his eye before he started talking again. "I thought the boys didn't make it. Nobody would tell me anything. Izzy walked away with a few minor scratches. I found her first. Then she told me about the boys and we got to visit with them. Miranda was a different story. Her body was hemorrhaging and they couldn't stop it. For a while, we thought she wasn't going to make it. I went to work that morning happy and by that night I was praying that she'd make it through the night."

"She pulled through, though."

"Yeah, she did. After that, Conner went off the deep end. He did what he thought was necessary to learn the truth. We could never forgive Heather after that. I never want to feel that pain again, man. I don't want to think about losing any of them." He looked so serious and I finally understand the complexity of the situation. Although Heather didn't deliberately do it, she'd caused that accident, just as I had caused hers.

I buried my face into my hands. "I don't want to lose her. She thinks I don't care about her. The last words I said to her were horrible."

"Miranda isn't talking to me. I may not like Heather, but I've known her since we were little kids. If loving me did this to her, I owe her an apology. For what it's worth, I hope she pulls through. Every kid needs his mother." As a parent, I could see how he was considering the repercussions of Heather's accident. There was a chance that she wasn't going to pull through.

"I realize that I wasn't around when all of this shit happened, but isn't enough, enough? Aren't you tired of this fighting? I know I'm sick of it. It would be real nice if Heather could walk down the street and not worry about running into someone that hates her."

"You're right. It needs to end. I just don't know if Miranda will ever get to that point. She has her reasons and I respect them."

"But, you obviously don't agree?" I was confused about his intentions. Why would he even show up here if it was going to cause a fight?

"Van is my best friend and sometimes she gets a hair up her ass and lets me have it. When Heather had her accident, Van went off on me. She said it was all my fault. It's all f**ked up, but she was right. Against Miranda's wishes, I decided to come here. I could tell you weren't happy when you saw me."

"You're right about that. You were the last person I expected to see here. I think you made it clear that you wanted nothing to do with Heather. If you came here to start shit, I wasn't going to give you the chance."

Ty started laughing. "I don't blame you. I ain't a bad guy. I just did some shit that I shouldn't have."

"I hope she wakes up soon, so she can hear your ass saying that."

He laughed and shook his head. "Dude, when she wakes up, I promise I'll tell her what I just said."

Ty left me standing there, in the empty hallway. I wasn't sure if he walked back to Van or just left the hospital all together. All I knew was that it was time for all of this to stop.

Every single person involved had been through Hell. It had to end.

Chapter 21

Heather

When I woke up again, I could hear someone talking. At first, the voice was muffled and I couldn't make it out, but as I focused, it became clearer.

"Please wake up, baby. I need to see those eyes."

It was hard, but I managed to open my eyes. They seemed heavy, like something was holding them down. Before I could focus on Jessie, they closed again. I tried again and nothing happened.

It was so frustrating.

"I wish there was something I could say to make this all go away. I wish I could take back the things I said to you. I should have asked you to marry me years ago, but I let my ego get in the way of my true feelings." I could hear him sniffling and wondered if it was possible for him to be crying. "I tried not to fall for you. It was just too hard to hold back. Love flows through you and I just wanted to feel it. I pushed you away because I was a pu**y. It was never because I didn't love you. I always have."

I wanted to say something, but I couldn't move. What was happening to me? Why couldn't I respond?

"I'm going to make things right. Jacob's not going to have to keep going back and forth. We're going to be together all the time, the three of us."

I felt him touching my hand, but still no result.

He rubbed my face. "I did this to you. I'm so sorry, Heather. Please be okay. Please wake up."

Why couldn't he see that I was awake? How bad was it?

Jessie continued to beg me to wake up and I just lay there unable to respond in any way. I didn't know what to do to get his attention. I wanted him to know that I could hear him. He needed to know that I was going to be okay.

After a while the room became silent again. All I could hear was the beeping of the machines. Jessie wasn't holding my hand or brushing my face. He wasn't there anymore.

Had he given up on me?

I started to wonder if I was dead and this was some sick purgatory for putting people through Hell. Maybe I was going to spend my life hearing others and not being able to respond. That would suck.

I'm not sure how long I laid there contemplating my existence. Voices filled the room again and all I could do was listen.

"Baby, I brought someone in to see you. He isn't supposed to be here, so we have to make this quick."

The next voice shocked me. I knew I had to be dreaming. None of this could be real.

"Heather, it's me, Ty. I uh, I'm not a perfect person. I did things to you that I didn't mean to do. I hurt you so many times. I just came here to tell you that it's my turn to apologize. I'm so sorry for what I did to you. I'm sorry that I never gave you a real chance. You deserved better, really. I couldn't have ever been the guy you wanted, not when this guy was out there waiting to meet you. I know we'll never be friends. I didn't come here to reconnect. I need to make peace with myself and with you, because I'm tired of this bullshit between you and my family. It's been years and we need to stop living in the past. If you need to move back to your moms, or even if you come back to town for a visit, I won't be nasty to you or your family. You have my word." I felt his hand patting my arm. "Look, Heather, I don't know what's going on in that head of yours, but this guy sitting next to me is a crazy mess. Wake the hell up and get that happy ending you always wanted. You can't do that shit until you open those eyes." He got quiet for a second. "This is where I have to leave. If you can hear me, I need you to know that I've never met someone so stubborn in my life. You don't give up. Damn it, Heather, open your f**king eyes. Yell at me, scream at me. Do something! Smack me. You know you want to."

I heard Jessie talking. "I don't know what else to do. It's been three days. Why isn't she responding?"

"I don't know. Look, I need to get out of here. Miranda hasn't talked to me in days. She thinks I'm making a mistake. Van's husband is on his way to pick her up since she stayed a couple days later. I need to be there when he arrives."

"Ty, thanks again. I don't think you're as much of a dick as I did before. Heather would appreciate you coming."

"I just thought I'd give it a try. I mean, she hates me more than anyone. If she won't wake up for love, I figured hate might work."

They both laughed and the room got quiet. I didn't want them to leave me, even if they weren't even really there. "I keep thinking my phone is going to ring and you'll be on the other end asking to talk to Jacob. He misses us, you know. I haven't left your side for three days. Amy keeps bringing me food. It's funny. Before we came here, I thought they were all horrible people. It turns out that they are pretty cool. Even Ty is doing his best in light of the situation. It's happening and you're missing it. They're letting go of the past. Isn't this what you've dreamed about?"

It was.

Too bad it wasn't real.

My mind was playing tricks on me.

"Heather, I need you. Things will be different. I won't walk away from you again, I promise. Just wake up for me."

I tried again to reach out to him, but nothing happened. The room got silent and I was all alone again. Inside I was screaming out for Jessie, but he couldn't hear me.

Chapter 22

Jessie

It was difficult for me to have to make the decision to go home and make arrangements for Jacob. Luckily, my sister offered to take him and let me stay at her place, while I waited for Heather to wake up. I didn't care how long it took, I was going to wait and prove to her that she could count on me. I was going to fight for her, like she'd always wanted me to do.

It was weird how I'd gone for months and not been near Heather, but this accident had made me not want to be away from her. I missed the way she smelled when she came out of the shower and put lotion on her legs. I missed how when she got mad at me, she'd pretend she wasn't, or how she'd cook something that was delicious and swear that we were lying when we said we loved it.

I wanted all of that back in my life. I wanted the little details that drove me crazy. I wanted to be the woman that drove me crazy; the woman that gave me life's greatest gift.

Leaving the hospital, for even a day, was hard. I felt like as soon as I walked away she was going to wake up or something bad was going to happen. It was a good thing that I had a son that I missed like crazy. He'd been spoiled for a coupled days, but knew something was wrong.

I had to take him home and sit him down before I could tell him about his mother. He sat there, with his hands folded, waiting for me to tell him.

"Buddy, Mommy's been in an accident and she's at the hospital."

"Can we go see her?"

I shook my head. "They don't allow kids in the part of the hospital they are keeping her. I wish you could come. I know she'd like to hear your voice."

"Let's just call her."

I got on my knees on the floor and faced him. My hands cupped his knees. "We can't call her, because she's sleeping."

"We can wait until she wakes up." He looked at me like I was an idiot for not figuring that out.

"Mommy isn't sleeping like you and I do when we go to bed. She has a head injury and she can't wake up yet."

"Did you try to scream? Mommy wakes up when I'm loud." His response was well thought, but he still wasn't getting it.

"I tried to scream. I even invited people that know Mommy to come and talk to her. She still won't open her eyes."

He talked in almost a whisper. "Is she going to die like Nana?"

I didn't know how to answer that. As much as I wanted to believe that Heather was going to be okay, she still hadn't opened her eyes or reacted at all.

"Jacob, I'm not going to lie to you. You're a big boy and you deserve to know the truth. I don't know if Mommy is going to get better. I want her to wake up, but I just don't know if she will."

He started to cry and I pulled him into my arms. "I'm sorry, buddy. I know it sucks. We just have to pray. Daddy is doing everything I can think of. I need you to be the strongest boy you can be right now."

He pulled away and looked right at me with tears running down his face. "I don't want Mommy to die." His lips quivered and I felt like bawling myself.

It was too much to take. "I don't want her to die either."

"What can we do? How do we make her get better?" Bless his little heart for wanting to do whatever it took to help his mother.

"For starters, we can head to your aunt Krista's house. She lives close to where Mommy is in the hospital and that way Daddy can be there in case she wakes up." Jacob only saw Krista twice a year, so I knew he wasn't thrilled about staying under her care. I didn't have a choice. Being without him to care for Heather wasn't an option. I needed him close to me, no matter what happened.

"When can we go?"

I patted him on the head and leaned over to kiss him. "We need to get your things together and tell Grandma and Grandpa goodbye. Then we are going to fly in an airplane. How does that sound?"

My son's eyes lit up. "Really? We get to fly in a plane?"

"Yep!" At least he had something to be excited about. I had no idea what I was going to say to my son if his mother didn't make it through this. Somewhere down the road, he was going to figure out that us leaving was the reason that all of this had happened. I feared that conversation.

It just so happened that the airplane ride kept Jacob from asking any questions about his mother. As much as I wanted to keep him in the loop, he was only five, so it just wasn't going to be anything he could understand.

My sister was over the moon about keeping him. I didn't have time to stick around and catch up, but she walked me outside to give me her personal opinion. "Jess, what are you going to do?"

"What do you think I'm going to do? She's the mother of my son. I'm not just going to leave her there all alone. I love her, no matter what anyone else thinks about it." I hated arguing with Krista. It just was weird since we weren't really on that kind of level with our relationship. I guess our good ole dad had messed her up so bad that she trusted nobody. Plus, I had badmouthed Heather so much that it was natural for my family and friends to hate her. Now, I hated myself for doing it.

She waved her hands around as she talked. "Whatever! Jacob is safe here. We're going to take him to the movies tomorrow. The key is under the mat for whenever you need to come in and shower."

I hugged her. "Thanks for this, Kris. I owe you big time."

I knew she was rolling her eyes, but I'd already turned and started walking to the car. She wasn't cool about me borrowing it, but since she wasn't working for the next couple of days, she didn't really need it.

After a couple of days, I was getting used to the sounds in the hospital. Nothing had changed as far as Heather's condition, except the color of the bruising on her face. What started as red was now a dark purple.

She looked so peaceful each day as I sat there with her. Once Van headed back to town, I was the only visitor that showed up. It was fine by me, since I was sick of having to explain myself to my family, who didn't understand why I'd had a change of heart all of the sudden.

For what it was worth, I hadn't hid my feelings for Heather. They all knew that I loved her. They just knew that I had personal issues I couldn't get over. With everything that had happened, the loss of her mother, and now the accident; I knew I couldn't turn my back on her, not now, not ever.

Each day the doctor and nurses would come in and check her progress. I knew that with each day that passed it was less likely a chance that she was going to wake up. Sure, I'd heard all about Ty Mitchell and how he miraculously woke up from a coma after seven months. For it to happen to Heather would have been a miracle, but I couldn't see being hopeful. I knew the statistics. For days, I'd sat in the hospital room looking up everything I possibly could.

Most of my research resulted in varied scenarios for her recovering. I didn't care how Heather woke up. I just wanted it to happen.

When afternoon came and went, I walked down to the cafeteria to grab something to eat before they closed for the night. The vending machine didn't have that much of a selection.

I'd just paid for my food and starting looking for the condiments when a little boy came up to me and punched me in the side. "Hey, Mister! I know you!"

I recognized the kid right away, and unfortunately, I recognized his mother, too. She came up and grabbed the back of his shirt. "Jax, get your butt back over here!" When she noticed me, she stood still and looked right at me.

I could tell she didn't know what to say. "Sorry, I was just getting something to eat." Without saying anything else, I walked over to a table and started eating. She followed me and sat down across from me, while Jax stood there beside her.

"You think I'm the bad guy, don't you?"

It shocked me that she would come out and say that. "No!"

"I almost lost my children." She looked over at Jax.

I sat my fork down and looked right at her. "I'm not here to judge you. I'm here because my girlfriend was in a terrible accident a few days ago." I pointed to her son. "I don't know why you're here and I hope that everyone in your family is okay, but I can't do this right now. Heather is fighting for her life. She has a son that needs her."

I picked up my tray and started to get up, but she grabbed it. "Wait! I'm not a bad person."

"Look lady, I appreciate you trying to find the words, but I need to get back upstairs. She's going to wake up and I need to be there when she does." I walked away from Ty's wife without even asking about why she was in the hospital. It wasn't my business and I really didn't care.

I was happy to make it to the elevator and take my first full breath. I was still holding a tray of food, but had lost my appetite and had no interest in eating anything for the rest of the night. This town was too small and I got how Heather felt suffocated being in it.

As much as I thought she'd want to keep her house, I understood why she didn't. Who would want to run into that family and be reminded of something that you didn't want to remember all the time? I know I wouldn't have.

Maybe I was being irrational about the whole situation given my lack of sleep, but I was starting to understand why Heather would be okay with walking away and never coming back. Something felt wrong about it though. Her mother's house was the only tie she still had to her. I didn't want her to lose that.

I don't know why the thought ran through my head, but as the elevator opened all of my thoughts disappeared.

When I arrived up to the floor Heather was on, I heard loud beeping and dashed towards her room. The nurses were running inside and I wedged my way in with them. I feared the worst as I approached where I could see what was going on.

My mouth dropped when I saw Heather's eyes open. She had tried to sit up and the cord on her finger had fallen off. A few seconds later, the beeping slowed and I couldn't take my eyes off of hers. She was looking right at me and I wanted her to know that I wasn't going anywhere.

Chapter 23

Heather

I don't know how I willed myself to open to my eyes, but it finally happened. Just like when I was dreaming, Jessie was there, looking at me with a big smile on his face. I tried to smile back, but that was too hard to do with a big mask across my face.

While the medical people did whatever they had to do to me, I kept looking at Jessie. I saw hope in his eyes and didn't want to look away in case it wasn't real. I still couldn't remember how I'd gotten in the hospital, but Jessie was with me and that was all I cared about.

He looked tired, standing there with his arms crossed. Maybe he had been up all night worried about me. I wondered where Jacob was and immediately started to worry that something bad had happened to him. My heart rate jumped up and I'd created a new reason for the nurses to stick around.

Once that all settled and they'd pumped me full of clonazepam, I was left in the room with only Jessie. He walked over to my bed and grabbed my hand. "Hey. I was starting to think you weren't going to wake up."

Talking was hard since my mouth was so dry. He handed me a cup with a straw and I took a sip of water before being able to continue. "How did I get here?"

Jessie shook his head. "It doesn't matter. All that matters is that you're going to get out of here and come home with me, where you belong."

It was almost surreal to hear him saying that. I wanted to smile and celebrate, but instead I tried to reach for his hand, realizing that my arm was in a cast. "What's wrong with me?"

He touched my cast. "You broke your arm, part of your neck and dislocated your hip. You had a contusion on your head and that's why you were bandaged up. Are you okay? Does anything hurt?"

I felt his hand grabbing mine and I squeezed it. "I can't move, but I guess it because all of this shit they have on me." My neck brace was this giant collar. I hated it immediately. "When can I go home?"

"I don't know. Maybe a couple of days."

"How long have I been in here. You look tired."

Jessie shrugged. "You've been here a few days. This chair isn't the most comfortable thing to sleep in."

I couldn't turn my head that far to see the chair, but from working in a hospital, I could imagine what it looked like. "Jacob?" I just wanted to know he was alright.

"He's at my sister's. He got to fly on a plane with me to come here. You should have seen how excited he was. The pilot showed him around the cockpit after we landed. I think he wants to be a pilot now."

If Jessie had to fly to be with me, that meant that he'd left already, just as I remembered. Whatever happened to me occurred after they'd left. As upset as I was, I couldn't imagine inflicting any harm on myself. Something horrible must have happened. "I need to know how I got here. How did you find out I was in the hospital?"

He looked away from me and cleared his throat. "You really don't remember?"

I tried to shake my head, but it was impossible. "No! I don't remember anything." I could tell that he didn't want to talk about it, but I had every right to know how I'd gotten myself so messed up.

"After Jacob and I left, you must have lost it and started drinking."

This was already not sounding like me. "I didn't have enough wine to make me drunk. You have to be mistaken. Who said I was drinking? Did I fall down the steps?"

Jessie shook his head. He reached up and rubbed my cheek through my awful brace. "Heather, you were in a car accident. Baby, you got drunk and drove to the Mitchell farm.

My eyes must have come flailing out of my head. "I what? Are you joking with me, right now?"

"No, baby, I'm not! Jacob and I stopped at a motel. We tried calling you over and over again and you wouldn't answer. When I ran out of options, I called Amy's shop and was going to ask them to go and check on you. I had no idea that they'd been with you and knew where you were."

I was in shock and still unable to remember anything after Jessie leaving me. What was wrong with me? Why would I even consider doing something so stupid? "Oh God, did I hurt anyone?"

"Only yourself."

I was so relieved that I hadn't hurt anyone. If that had happened again, I wouldn't have been able to forgive myself. "Did I damage their property?"

"You totaled your mother's car."

I was scared to ask. "What did I hit?"

"You pulled out onto the road in front of a tractor trailer. He hit you on the driver's side and sent your car out into a field."

I still couldn't remember anything. It was as if he was telling me some sick joke to get a rise out of me, except his demeanor never changed. He stood there straight faced explaining the actions of how I'd gotten in the hospital. "Was the driver hurt?"

"Apparently he walked away from it. Even his truck wasn't badly damaged. I think Amy said that he just needed some bumper repair."

"I was drunk?" I still couldn't believe it.

"I'm afraid so."

Then it hit me. "You came back for me?"

He nodded. "Jacob and I turned around that night. We slept at a hotel and drove back in the morning. Your mom's house was dark and the car was gone, so I thought you went home to find us. It wasn't until we were home that we found out what happened. Conner was nice enough to meet me at the airport and bring me here. They all feel bad about what happened."

"What do you mean?"

He chuckled and it made me nervous. What could I have done to that family? "After you drank yourself into a stupor, you drove your mother's car to the farm. I don't know how it is set up. But they were all out in some barn. You barged in and gave them a piece of your mind. Ty said he tried to talk to you, but you weren't hearing it. You got mad and flew down the lane, where you pulled out onto the road and had your accident."

I was in shock, partly because I'd had the nerve to do something so bold and also because I couldn't remember any of it. "I don't recall anything after you left, Jess. I don't remember any of it."

"You were wearing the wedding dress." He didn't say it like it was funny. He said it like it was going to help me remember.

"No way. I wouldn't do that. My mother worked so hard on it." I was in shock.

"I feel like this is all my fault. If I'd just stayed then none of this would have ever happened."

I was already starting to cry, imagining the fool I'd made of myself and then the fact that I'd ruined an irreplaceable dress that my mother had made for me. I'd promised myself that I wouldn't ever disappoint her again and just days after she died, I was destroying the most precious gift she ever gave me, aside from life.

Jessie leaned over and kissed my hand. "Don't cry, baby. Everything is going to be okay. I'm going to get you home with me and Jacob. We're going to be together and everything will be exactly how you wanted it to be. I promise."

It was just too much to take. First, I thought I was dreaming, now reality was just as weird. The last time I'd seen Jessie he was ending things for good. Now, all of the sudden, he wanted us to be a family. I couldn't help but think that maybe he was only saying that because of my accident. It made me sad and confused. "You don't have to do that. I will figure out how to manage everything."

He tightened his brow. "No! You're going to be out of work. You won't be able to afford the apartment. Plus, we need to figure out what to do with your mother's house. You're moving in with me. I'm not going to argue with you about it."

Due to the fact that I wanted it more than anything, I put on my best smile and agreed. Besides, it meant that I could be with my son every single day. Maybe in time, Jessie would appreciate that devotion and would really want to be with me again. I couldn't push him. I knew he was doing this because I had nobody else. He may have been an ass**le at times, but his heart was huge and he couldn't walk away from me being in the situation that I'd gotten myself into. Eventually I would heal and then the story would be different.

"It sounds like you have it all figured out."

A doctor came in the room and I recognized his voice right away. "Hey stranger. Do me a favor. The next time you're in town, stop by my office instead of landing yourself in this place, okay?"

"Okay."

Jessie moved out of the way to let the doctor stand in front of me. I hated trying to see people out of the corner of my eyes.

He did an examination of my eyes and my reflexes. Even though I couldn't sit up to see my body, I could feel everywhere that he touched, which gave me hope. After that, he ordered a few tests and told me that I'd have to stay in the hospital for another week, just to be safe. I agreed to all of his terms, told him my medical information that he didn't know and we said our goodbyes for the day.

With an idea of when I'd be getting out of the hospital, Jessie started making arrangements for us to get home. I'd have to start therapy as soon as possible, which would take place at his house.

I laid there while he made phone call after phone call, listening to him being so responsible. It was a real shame that it was out of pity. I would have liked to marry him and be with him forever. At least I'd have a little time to get myself together, physically and financially, before he kicked me to the curb again.

I'd never want to hurt myself to get Jessie's attention. That part of my life was over a long time ago. It still felt good knowing that he was there for me.

Since I couldn't remember going to the Mitchell farm, I couldn't help but wonder what happened there. I wanted to know who I told off and what was said. Did I fight with Miranda and make her hate me even more than she already did? Did I hurt anyone or threaten them?

It was all driving me crazy.

Still, they weren't questions that I needed to know immediately.

My main focus was getting better so that I could be with son again. Jessie was nice and called him as soon as the doctor left, so that we could talk. I could sense his excitement on the phone when he heard my voice. I started crying as soon as I heard him answer. Jacob was my rock and he was going to keep me moving forward, because he was the most important person in my life.

Like they say, what doesn't kill you makes you stronger. It was going to motto until I could move on with my life and learn how to be happy. I was going to strive for it, no matter how painful the road was going to be.

Chapter 24

Jessie

Heather had a lot to do before she was going to be able to get around on her own. With the help of a walker, the doctor thought she would be able to manage herself day to day, but not return to work.

About two years ago, my parents decided that they were going to branch out and purchase a hotel. Since that time, the bed and breakfast had been my project. I'd grown up there and knew everything that needed to be done to keep business going smoothly.

My house was located on the property, but a little bit away from where the guests would go. It was nestled in a patch of trees and offered a lot of privacy. With their newfound business venture, my parents had moved closer to town. They were still only about ten minutes from where I lived. It was close enough for them to be able to visit with Jacob whenever he was with me.

Anyway, when they found out about Heather's predicament and the fact that she was going to be moving in with me again, they offered to help, even though I could tell they weren't thrilled. Heather had forced them to come clean about my parents and they weren't prepared for that, at the time. Even though I think we were all glad that the truth was out, they still held a grudge about it.

I could see how I did the same when it came to Heather. No matter how much she tried to make me love her and want to be with her, I still had this hold on the past and what she'd done to land on my front door.

Aside from my family, Jacob was thrilled to have both of us under the same roof. He lectured me every single night of the week that she was set to be released.

While Heather was stuck in the hospital, she had a visitor that somehow changed things. Her demeanor had changed and she even seemed optimistic about moving on. I saw a spark in her eyes that I'd never seen before.

The day she came home was difficult, since she had to fly on a plane. Her arm was still braced up and she had been fitted for a smaller neck collar. I knew she was uncomfortable, but we managed to make it work.

My parents picked the three of us up from the airport. I could see them putting on fake smiles for her benefit. Heather was grateful, even though I knew she knew they weren't being sincere. As much as they loved Jacob, they would always have issues with Heather.

I think that she didn't expect me to have moved all of her things into my place, but that's what I did. Her landlord wasn't too keen on her moving out, but her contract was only for a few more months anyway. Heather had been a good tenant and even paid for several new appliances in the time she lived there. He knew that he couldn't argue with that being done, so he kept her security deposit and said she'd paid her last month's rent as well. With that being taken care of, I grabbed a couple of my employees and we took a day to move everything from one house to the other.

Heather had couple other things going on that she was going to have to tend to. Although the driver of the car didn't want to press charges, she still received a ticket and court date for driving under the influence. Apparently North Carolina takes that especially serious. Heather hired a lawyer, but we knew she wasn't going to get off easy. She was ordered to pay a ton in fines and lost her license for six months. Because she'd never changed it over, that meant that she couldn't drive at all, not even where we lived.

She was going to have to rely on me and I could tell that she didn't want to be a burden. For the first week, she stayed out of my way, like she was walking on eggshells. I think she assumed that I was just being nice because she had no other options. With her recovery being the most important thing, we didn't discuss our relationship. Each day she got better, until she started only needing a cane to move around. She got the cast off of her arm and went to a physical therapist that worked on her neck and mobility.

Things were becoming normal again, like any other relationship would be. Although we weren't sharing a bed yet, I wanted it to happen as she was cleared from her doctor. I'd pushed and pulled too much in the past. When Heather was ready for me, I'd be there waiting.

As far as everything else went, we lived and acted like a family. Jacob was on cloud nine having us both there every night. With the exception of weekends, I had to work during the day. Jacob went to school and Heather was left at the house to recover.

With the future of her mother's house still in the air, I was handling the payments until she could get back on her feet. It was the least that I could do considering all that she'd been through. I just wanted her to know that she could count on me for anything.

It wasn't until we'd been living together for a few weeks when Heather started acting funny. She'd been cleared to only have to wear a small neck brace, giving her mobility. I could tell that something had changed. In order for her to go back to work, she'd have to be able to drive, since the hospital was a good thirty miles from where we lived. So, of course, that wasn't happening.

When she realized that she was stuck in the house, I think it just took a toll on her. She became depressed and her mood swings were crazy.

To try and make things better, I decided to take her out for a special night. I hadn't planned anything fancy. It was just a nice dinner and I'd arranged for my parents to keep Jacob overnight.

I had to admit, I was getting so used to her laying around the house in old sweats that I'd almost forgotten how simply captivating she could be. She came out of the bedroom in a red dress. Her hair was full of curls and her makeup was perfect in every way. The familiar smell of her perfume filled my lungs and I smiled realizing that there were so many little things that I loved about her.

I couldn't even contain my excitement about how hot she looked, so I pulled her into my arms. "You look so sexy."

She started to blush. "You don't have to be nice to me, Jess."

Why was it so hard for her to take a compliment from me? "Baby, I'm serious. If I wasn't starving I'd suggest we spend the whole night in bed." I brushed my lips against hers and she closed her eyes, but suddenly pulled away.

"I'm hungry too. It's going to be great to get out of this house for a while. As much as I appreciate you letting me move in, it gets so boring every day. I can't wait until I can go back to work."

Since she'd pushed me away, I decided to get us on the road. Maybe once she was outside, she would change her mood. For some reason she just felt so cold and withdrawn from me. I hated getting the cold shoulder. It was driving me crazy.

The harder I tried to work things out, the farther away she pulled.

Even as we got in the car, I could feel her being tense. It made no sense. She was where she'd wanted to be for so long. I grabbed her hand and kissed it. "Are you going to tell me what's wrong?"

She played with her hands in the passenger seat. "Hmm, I don't know. Could it be that I don't have a license, so I can't go to work, or anywhere without asking someone to ride me. I have no friends, besides you, who I don't really feel comfortable crying to you ever five seconds about how much I've messed up my life. I have no money, since I can't drive or work. I'm living on someone that made it clear that he felt sorry for me. What else could be wrong?"

I was so flabbergasted that I didn't even know how to react. It was clear that all of that was bothering her, but the last part wasn't true. Of course I felt bad for her but I was with her because I wanted to be. "I'm helping you because I want to. Don't you like being there with me and Jacob?"

She looked at me and had a dirty look on her face. "Seriously, you know the answer to that. Of course I want to be with Jacob. He's my whole world."

"What about me?" I was starting to think I was doing all of this for nothing.

"Jessie, does it really matter, at this point, how I feel about you? I mean, you should already know the answer to that." Her answers had no depth to them. I hated it, so I reached over and grabbed her hand.

"I want us to have a good time tonight. Maybe you could pretend that I make you happy." It was kind of a joke, but not really.

She rolled her eyes. "Fine! I'd do anything to have a nice night."

Wow! She was acting like I was holding a gun to her head and forcing her to want to be with me for the night. For the life of me, I couldn't imagine what I had done to make her mad at me. I'd helped her in every way possible.

We stopped at a red light and I leaned over to her side of the car. "Can you give me a kiss?"

She giggled. "Why do you want one?"

"Because you're an awesome kisser and I want to feel those soft lips on mine. Is that good enough for you?"

Heather didn't argue with me as she leaned the rest of the way and let our lips press together. When she started to pull away, I grabbed her and kissed her harder, letting my tongue slip inside of her mouth. She didn't fight me. Instead she kissed me back, intensely. For a moment we were so caught up in each other that we forgot we were in a car. Before we knew it people behind us were honking for us to drive.

Heather pulled away and we started to laugh. Maybe our night was looking up.

Chapter 25

Heather

I couldn't really explain what was going on with Jessie. Since we'd always been able to have a sexual relationship, I wasn't going to get my hopes up that he wanted anything more than a good time. After everything I'd gone through, I was so over trying to win him or anyone over. If he didn't want me for me, than I wasn't going to push it.

It was time for me to start being independent, instead of co-dependent. I needed to take control of my life and stop waiting for happiness to fall into my plate. I needed to move forward.

As much as I appreciated what Jessie was doing, I couldn't depend on him much longer. We needed to move on, so that the both of us could be happy, because our rocky relationship wasn't doing anything but prolonging the inevitable. At some point Jessie would tell me to leave and we would go right back to square one.

I had to stop the continuous pattern and break away.

My mother always said that if you love something you should let it go. If it's meant to be, it will come back to you on it's own. It was unfortunate that I never believed that. Had I done so, I wouldn't have had such bad luck with love and relationships.

My love for Jessie wasn't going to just disappear. He had my heart and there was nothing I could do to change that. As much as I wanted to believe that someday he would feel the same, I wasn't going to stress about it anymore.

I had been given a second chance at life and still had a long way to go before I could get back to normalcy.

I don't know why, unless he totally felt sorry for me, but Jessie decided to take me out for dinner. I'd been so cramped up in the house that it sounded like it could be fun. After a lot of thinking I knew exactly what I needed to do. I just had to come up with the nerve to go through with it. Jessie needed to know where I stood about things.

It was just easier said than done. The more I tried to push away from him, the more it seemed he was pulling me back in. Understanding that my almost dying had caused him to rethink his decisions, I knew I had to be the one to end things. He was still too busy being the great guy that he was to realize that what he was feeling wasn't real and it wasn't going to last.

When he kissed me in the car, I could feel the tension building. We hadn't been intimate since my accident, primarily because I couldn't physically do it. Now that I was feeling better, Jessie knew that this was his opportunity. We always fell into the same pattern. We'd started getting along and fall right back into bed with each other. My love for him prevented me from saying no. His lips were a powerful weapon to get me to do whatever he wanted. With just one kiss, I had forgotten all about letting him go. All I cared about was being in his arms and in his bed.

We made it to the restaurant in one piece, after making out at a traffic stop. I think we were both breathing heavily when we got out and walked into the establishment. Jessie kept his hand on the center of my back and it immediately made my ni**les tingle. One touch from him could drive me crazy.

Things didn't change once we got seated and started looking at our menus. I caught Jessie giving me the look and once we'd ordered, he rubbed his leg against mine under the table. I knew if I looked into those beautiful eyes, I'd be at his beck and call. Of course, that's exactly what I did. I became captivated in the aspect of spending the night in his bed.

Knowing that we didn't have to pick up Jacob let me know that he'd planned to wine and dine me. Maybe I should have been offended that he'd had our night all planned out. Obviously, I had forgotten what I had come to do. After we'd paid and gotten into the car, we couldn't keep our hands off of each other. I still had to be careful with the way I moved my body, especially my neck, but Jessie was gentle, moving slow and holding me in a way that I remained secure. His tender kisses consumed me, overwhelming me with desire. I didn't just want to feel his tongue brushing against mine. I wanted to feel his tongue touching me in other places, licking me and caressing me, in ways that only he knew how to do.

By the time we'd made it into the house, we were already half dressed. Jessie's shirt had been ditched before we had even gotten out of the car. When we reached the living room couch, all bets were off. He unbuttoned my skirt and let it fall down to my feet. My panties followed, then my bra was unhooked and fell with everything else. I stood there in front of him, naked and ready.

Jessie pulled off his boxers and sat down on the couch, holding his arms out for me to climb on top of him. I bit down on my lip as I did what he wanted. Right away, I could feel his hard erection pressing on my skin. My body burned for him.

Jessie grabbed my ass and started moving me overtop of him. He teased me with his tongue and nibbled on my ears, while my hand reached down and got a hold of his hard cock. His smooth skin was easy to stroke. If he wasn't ready to be inside of me, I was going to make damn sure he didn't wait too long.

I moaned as I moved my hand in a vigorous pace. Jessie's deep voice let out his own sounds giving me a tingle just knowing that I was getting to him.

My mouth began to water as I thought about something else I could do to please him. Carefully, I slid down off of his body and stared right at his stiff erection. He knew what I was going to do and readjusted so I wouldn't have to bend my neck. With it already so close to my face, I stuck out my tongue and licked the tip, letting my saliva spread across it. I pulled away and rubbed it in with my fingers, licking my lips as I salivated to have him completely in my mouth.

I leaned down carefully again, making myself comfortable so that I could take him into my mouth. His shaft was warm as it entered the walls of my mouth. It filled me as I began to move my head up and down. Right away, I felt the pain in my neck. As much as I wanted to please him, I knew I wasn't going to be able to do much more.

Perhaps Jessie saw me struggling. He grabbed me by my hair and forced me to let his c**k come out of my mouth. I struggled to grab it again, but the pain was getting worse. Too much straining would set me back. I had to consider doing something else, instead of messing up all of the rehabilitation progress that I'd made.

Jessie grabbed his shaft and started stroking it, while I held out my tongue, letting it hit the tip frequently. I watched him watching me and got turned on knowing that he was improvising. I opened my mouth and let him tap his c**k onto my lips. He spoke words that I couldn't make out, holding his eyes closed and picking up the pace. When he opened them again, I licked my lips and held out my tongue again. Jessie bit down on his lip and slowed down. "I need you, or else I'm going to finish in your mouth, right now!"

I moaned and tried to sit up, albeit Jessie stood up and held out his hand. He lifted me to stand and walked me back to his bedroom. He pulled down the covers giving me a big area to climb into his bed. I took my time, trying not to hurt my neck again. He climbed in beside me, rubbing his warm hands up the skin between my br**sts. My ni**les hardened and I could feel the burning fire forming between my legs. Even with my health being a factor, it had been too long since I'd been touched. Jessie leaned in and kissed my shoulder. His soft lips trailed down to the skin between my br**sts. I had to be careful not to arch my body as he tantalized me with his tongue.

When his lips made contact with my ni**les, I shuddered. Just feeling the wetness covering the sensitive spots caused me to shake. Jessie growled as he devoured each one, taking them fully into his mouth and sucking hard. I played with his hair and closed my eyes to keep from screaming out. It felt so good, so natural for us to be like this.

The sheer pleasure he was giving me as his lips traveled down to my abdomen had awakened me again. I felt needed and wanted, in ways that only Jessie could make me feel. I guess that came with the territory of him holding my heart. It would always skip a beat as long as he was around.

I kept massaging his head with my hands, feeling his thick hair going in between my fingers. As he reached my clit, he kissed it softly, rubbing his wet lips against it. Once again, I wanted to arch my back and close my eyes, but I wasn't able to do so. His tongue forced it's way against that tiny bud, flicking it just at the right pace, while his hands traveled up my thighs, tickling me.

He reached up and pinched my ni**les while he massaged me with his tongue. My toes curled and I could feel myself losing all self control. When I cried out into the bedroom, I could feel him sucking on my clit. I moaned again and again, letting the physical bliss overwhelm me.

I was in a state of euphoria as he kissed his way back up to my lips. The taste of what he'd just done lingered as his mouth pressed against mine. His warm tongue connected to mine and mingled with it as he climbed into position, carefully. I reached up and ran my hands across his broad chest as he put his hard c**k at the base of my pu**y. I wanted to move my hips and force him to enter me, but he teased me with it first, rubbing it against my sex while making me crazy for it. "Jess, please. I want you so bad."

"I know you do." He sat up and licked his lips. "You love it, don't you?"

"Yessss." I purred.

He entered me slowly, filling me with his eagerness as well as his hard limb. I watched his face as he set a pace for himself. "Tell me if I hurt you. I'll go slow." He whispered as he leaned down and kissed me.

It was different than some of our wild times before. This time wasn't like he was full of lust and just needing release. Every touch and every kiss was filled with passion and gentleness. He moved slow, almost like he was caressing my insides as he pumped himself inside of me. Our kisses were slow and the hunger that I had for him was only growing. Our skin rubbed together when he thrust inside of me as far as possible. He pulled almost completely out and then repeated the process. Each time I felt like he was entering me for the first time. My pu**y ached for this man and I was once again at his mercy.

I dragged my nails down Jessie's sides as he continuing moving inside of me. The heat between us caused our skin to become sticky. As he went in and out our bodies kept sticking to each other, particularly on my clit. It sent me into a orgasmic fit. Try as I might to stay still, my body jerked as I lost control again.

Jessie dug into my hips and filled me with his load. He stilled me by holding me down with his strong arms.

Once we were able to breathe again, he kissed me tenderly, before falling beside me on his back. I was still shivering all over, while he played with my arm, kissing over my wrists.

It was moments like this where I started to reconsider my upcoming decision. Maybe one day Jessie would be able to be true to me and to himself about what he wanted, but for now, he was too fickle. I couldn't depend on someone that changed their mind every five days.

My decision was final.

Chapter 26

Jessie

Things were finally feeling like they were getting back to normal. After two months of Heather not being able to do anything, she finally got a clean bill of health. Because she wasn't allowed to drive, she'd decided that it would be a good time to get things done at her mother's house.

We planned on spending a long weekend there, going through old things and donating a bunch of stuff to a church or charity. Heather seemed motivated to get in and get it done. Her mother's passing was finally getting easier for her to talk about. She spent a lot of nights telling Jacob fun stories about silly things that her mother did to pass the time while she was a child.

I could tell that Jacob missed his Nana. I'd caught him talking to her several times when he thought nobody was listening. I remember catching him talking to her about me and Heather being under the same roof. He asked her to make sure we stayed together. He said he didn't want to have to go back and forth from house to house. He liked that we were a real family again.

It made me happy hearing that, and knowing that I'd made the right decision. At the end of the day, my family was the most important part of my life. Heather was a part of that, she was a part of him.

After the night that I'd took her to dinner, she started sleeping in my bed again. It was nice waking up and seeing her pretty blonde hair. I often rolled over and gave her attention before I headed out to work.

While Jacob was at school, sometimes I'd sneak back to the house for some alone time with Heather. She was getting disability from her job, but once she was cleared to go back to work, they had to replace her.

She took it better than I expected. For a long time she'd relied on that job to provide for her and our son. Now that she didn't have the burden of paying rent every month, she seemed satisfied with taking time off. Some days she'd even head over to the Bed and Breakfast and help me out. I liked her being there, but knew that her passion was taking care of people. I think it gave her a sense of self, knowing that she was giving back as much as she could.

Our ride back to North Carolina was much like the ones before it. Jacob was the entertainment, which left Heather and myself with headaches. That boy could talk about the craziest things and go from one topic to the next.

By the time we arrived, Jacob had fallen asleep. We carried him inside and put him in the spare bedroom. It was weird being there. Everything was still how we'd left it when she'd had the accident. The refrigerator was filled with spoiled food and the dishwasher was full of mold. After we masked our faces, we started cleaning up the mess. I thought Heather was going to pass out as she tossed everything, including the dishes, into the trash. There was no sense saving anything. It was ruined.

After the house smelled clean, well after midnight, I followed Heather into her room. She stripped down to our underwear and climbed into bed. Just like every night, I pulled her into my arms and nibbled on her ears. "I'm too tired tonight, Jess."

I wasn't trying to get any, but it offended me that she'd assumed that. "I was just saying goodnight. See you in the morning." I rolled over and didn't say anything else.

I'm not sure how long I'd been asleep, but I woke up to Heather crying. When I rolled her, she was sitting up in bed. "What's wrong?"

"You can go back to sleep. I didn't mean to wake you up."

I leaned my head on her thigh. "Baby, I can't sleep if you're upset. Just tell me. Is it your mom?"

She shook her head. "Please, Jess. I'll be fine. I promise."

I kissed her leg and decided not to argue with her. I was too damn tired to try to guess why she would be upset. Everything in our life was going well, so it had to be her mother.

The next day Heather was even more distant. She got Jacob up and fed him, then retreated to the attic to start gathering boxes. After I'd had a cup of coffee, I headed up to help her.

"I think I'm going to have a yard sale. There's a lot of stuff up here that could be worth something." She seemed determined to get things done.

"That's probably a good idea."

"I can stay here and get things ready."

"You mean, you want to stay here while I go back on Monday? Jacob has school on Tuesday." I didn't understand. She never wanted to be without him.

"Yeah. There's a lot to get done. By the time you come back on Friday, I can have everything priced and ready to go outside. I can put an ad in the paper and even get in touch with some people from my mother's church. People around here go crazy for yard sales." She kept pushing boxes around as she spoke, never looking at me at all.

"Okay, I guess that will work. Does this mean you're planning on selling the place?" I was hopeful.

"We'll talk about it later."

Her answers were short again. It had to be because she didn't want to be in this house. I couldn't think of any other reason for her to be acting so weird.

For the rest of the afternoon I carried down box after box until the whole attic, with the exception of the sewing area, was cleaned out. Heather turned on music and stayed on task, only talking to me when it was necessary. The longer we worked, the more I couldn't wait to get her home and out of the town that made her so messed up.

By the time that Sunday rolled around, we were all three exhausted, but Heather insisted that we all go to church. I knew it wasn't a good idea, but she was adamant, saying it was important to her.

So, we got dressed up and went.

The normal amount of people gave us looks as we entered into a vacant pew. There was also an equal amount of shocking stares. A group of familiar faces looked shocked to see us there.

I think the most shocked was Ty and his wife. Heather didn't seem alarmed that we were sitting just two pews away from them. With every song that we were required to stand for, I saw them all looking back at us. One of the little girls kept turning around and looking at Jacob. It was as if they were flirting with one another.

I didn't understand how she could be so calm and relaxed. Even though I think they'd all agreed to back off with the hating games, I still felt weirded out.

Halfway through the service, Heather got up and led Jacob to the front of the church. I just sat there wondering what was going on. Then the pastor announced that Heather would be taking over for her mother in children's church. Thinking that it was just temporary, I shook it off, considering it was something she wanted to do for closure.

It was strange that she would just leave me sitting in the church all by myself, but I figured I'd say something to her after the service. Maybe she had mentioned it and I hadn't been listening. Maybe she just forgot.

Once the service was over, I found my way down to the basement, where all of the kids had gone with Heather. Kids were running around playing and being kids, but Heather sat reading a book to a few little girls. She seemed happy in an almost serene way.

As the parents came down to gather their children, I saw Tyler and his wife getting closer. Ty grabbed one of the twins by the ear. "Come on Jax, let's go before you set something on fire."

The kid stayed by his side while Miranda gathered up the other twin. I looked around, but didn't see their daughter. Perhaps she had been out with her friends and just didn't attend. It wasn't my business. Amy and Conner came right over. "Jessie, how have you been?" Amy looked up at my hair. "You should come by for a haircut while you're here."

"We're leaving tonight, well, me and Jacob are. Heather is going to stay and get some things ready for a big yard sale next weekend. You should come by. Her mother had a lot of nice things." Amy and Conner seemed like good people. I was glad they could be cordial with Heather.

"Yeah, we'll definitely stop by." They grabbed their slew of kids and headed back upstairs to leave.

Out of the corner of my eye I saw Tyler approaching Heather. It was hard to assume that things were going to go well. Unlike every other time, he said something to her and then walked away. He even nodded when he walked past me. I felt like I was in a different dimension where everyone got along.

I kept my opinions to myself until we got home. Heather talked to Jacob as I drove, but said nothing really important to me.

By the time we walked into the house I couldn't take it anymore. Things were too strange to ignore. I walked up to her in the kitchen and spun her around. "What's going on?"

She smiled. "What do you mean? Nothing is going on. Wasn't it nice that they let me do children's church and manage the nursery?"

"Why didn't you tell me you were doing that? You just left me sitting there. Why did you ask me to go?" I shook my head and leaned against the counter. "Something is going on. What are you keeping from me?" She knew that was the biggest problem that we always had.

"Jessie, please don't take it so personal. I'm just trying to get back on my feet. It's all part of the steps. I thought you'd be proud of me for making an effort."

"There's a difference in wanting to do nice things and sneaking around to do it. First you say you aren't going home so you can rummage through things here, then you leave me sitting in a pew at church for something you obviously had planned out. Did I do something to piss you off?"

She just smiled and shook her head. "I appreciate everything you've done for me, Jess. I wouldn't be anywhere if it wasn't for you taking me in and helping me out. Someday I want to be able to repay you for everything you've done for me."

I didn't like her tone. It sounded as if she was just some stranger that I picked up a fed a hot meal to. "Is there something you're keeping from me?"

She shook her head again. "Of course not! Trust me, if something pertains to you and your house, I'd let you know. I promise that everything I am doing is for me."

I approached her and put my arms around her waist. Right away she looked into my eyes. "I'm sorry. Something feels off and I want you to know that you can talk to me."

"I know you're there for me. Your friendship means a lot."

I rubbed her cheek with my thumb. "It's not just a friendship. You know that."

When I leaned in to kiss her, she didn't respond. Instead, she pulled away and started making a drink. "Jess, I just don't want you to hate me."

"Why would that happen? I thought we were on the same page?" She was going insane. That had to be it. Surely she could go see a doctor and correct that.

"I've decided to move into my mother's house permanently."

My mouth dropped as I stood there just looking at her. "What?"

"You heard me. Listen, I've had a lot of time to think about it. The truth is that no matter how much I try to move on, I can't do it while you're being so nice and taking care of me. I can't depend on you like that. I'm not a child you have to take of."

I grabbed her hands. "I want you there with me. Haven't you figured that out?"

She put her hands on either side of my face. "I love you for all that you've done for me, but the truth is, you left me. You didn't decide you wanted to be with me until after my accident. I know that the reason you're here is because you feel obligated to be. I don't want to live like that. I don't want to be with someone that feels sorry for me. I need to be happy and so do you."

It was like a kick in the balls hearing her say that she didn't want me. For the first time since knowing her, I felt what she had every time I walked away. "Heather, you're wrong. I came.."

She put her hand up over my lips. "You came back because I was the mother of your son. I get it. I just...things have changed for me. I want to start over and have something that I can say is mine. This house is the only memory that I have of my mother. I can't just walk away from that. Besides, I'm in the position to look for a new job here, in this town. The hospital is hiring and I've already put in an application a couple weeks ago. I have an interview this week."

"What about Jacob?" My eyes were stinging and I couldn't let her see me upset. She was ripping my heart to shreds as she talked about a bright new future without me in it.

"He still has school and I don't want him to leave his friends. I figured that I could come visit on the weekends or maybe you two could come visit me. We can work out custody once I get settled and have a job."

I couldn't believe she was doing what she was doing. "Heather, I know you don't want Jacob to be so far from you."

She looked sad and held her head up to display tears falling down her face. "My mother told me that if I loved something I should let it go. Jessie, I will never know what your intentions are until I know for sure what I want. I love you so much. I think you know that. Being a family is something that I've always dreamed of. I just can't do it and wonder how we got here. I can't be with you when I feel like it's out of pity."

"It's not! I swear."

She turned away from me, leaving me begging for her to let me prove it.

An hour later, I was packing mine and Jacobs's things up. I needed to be alone and obviously Heather needed the same thing.

It was too hard to explain things to Jacob, when I wasn't sure what had happened. I thought we were so happy. All the time she'd been staying with me, she'd just been waiting for the right time to walk away. Maybe I had been a shitty boyfriend. Maybe I should have said that I loved her, but I didn't. I let her walk away without a fight, because it was all I knew how to do.

Chapter 27

Heather

I'd gone and done it.

Jessie was gone.

He'd taken our son and walked away, like he should have a long time ago. Me getting hurt was only holding him back from what he really wanted. It wasn't his responsibility to care for me and pay my way because he felt sorry for me. I wanted more than that. I wanted a man that loved me and wanted to be with me because I made him happy.

I was done being the weak girl that fell for the guy who could never love her.

It was time for me to be my own person.

I cried the whole first night. It wasn't just because I'd be without Jacob for a while. There was a hole in my heart where my love for Jessie had been. I knew the only way to get through a tough time was to keep myself busy.

For the next three days I did everything I could to stay on task. I cleaned, I packed and then I repeated the process. Jessie called several times, but it was mostly so that I could talk to Jacob. He refused to tell him that I didn't want to be with him anymore. He said I was being silly, but he would give me the time I needed to decided. The thing was, my whole reason for doing it was to know how he felt about me. I needed to know that his love for me was real.

When he refused to talk about feelings, I had my answer.

My interview went well and two days later I got a call back. I was excited but petrified. Accepting a job here, in my old town, was permanently saying goodbye to my life with Jessie. He ran a family business and moving was out of the question.

He showed up Friday night, just like he'd said he would. I was so happy to see him and Jacob that I almost backed out of my decision and begged them to take me home with them. Since I couldn't see Jacob every day, I spent as much time with him as I could Friday night, until he finally fell asleep. I hadn't thought about how awkward it was going to be when I was alone with Jessie.

I walked out into the living room and found him sitting on the couch with his hands covering his face. When I sat down beside him, he looked over at me. His tired eyes looked so empty. I ran my hand through his thick hair. "You look tired."

"I haven't been sleeping. I guess I was used to you being there and now you're not."

I swallowed hard and looked down at my knees. "Jess, I need to do this. It's the right thing. I can't keep going back and forth with you. We're wasting each other's time. I want more than that, and for the first time in my life, I'm not going to wait around for it to happen."

"I get why you think you need to do this, but you never even considered my side of it all. Did you really think I'd ask you to move in with me if I didn't really care about you?"

"Of course not! I know you do. You said it yourself though, love isn't enough. I want more. I want the whole package." I was almost embarrassed to admit that out loud. Jessie wasn't the whole package kind of guy. He'd never once talked to me about marriage after he found out the truth. In fact, whenever I discussed it, he ran in the opposite direction.

"You're making this all so much more difficult than it should be. You can't expect me to just marry you because you're ready. That's crazy. Is that what all this is about? Is this some trick to get me to propose?"

I stood up and put my hands on my hips. "No! I want something real. Why would I play mind games? I know you don't want the same things as me, that's why I'm doing this. I'm giving you a get out of jail free card. You know it's the right thing."

He ran his hands through his hair and wouldn't look at me. I was too tired to keep arguing, so I headed into my bedroom without saying anything else. I was done talking to Jessie about a future that was never going to happen for us. It was sad, but true and nothing I said or did was going to change him.

I cried myself to sleep that night, but Jessie never bothered me. I wasn't even sure if he slept on the couch or in my mother's bed, because when I woke up he was already in the kitchen.

I poured a cup of coffee and looked over at him. He looked worse than the day before. "Jess, are you alright?"

"Yeah, same shit different day."

"I'm not doing this to be mean." I felt bad.

"I get why you think you have to do this. I just don't agree with it." He grabbed his keys and started to walk away.

"Where are you going? I have to set up for the yard sale."

"I'm sure you can manage. You've had all week. I'm going to go grab some breakfast and then I'm going to get a haircut, not that I have to tell you where I'm going anymore." He walked out the door without looking back or waiting for me to reply. I could tell he was pissed. It was going to take time for him to be alright with being around me. I almost wished that he hated me. It would have been easier for the both of us to end things.

With Jessie being gone, I had to wake up Jacob and enlist him to help me out. He wasn't too happy about having to help so I bribed him with ice-cream. Since I'd had time during the week, everything was already in the garage. It had all been priced and was organized. All we had to do was set it out on the folding tables that I'd found in the shed out back.

People started showing up and buying things before I was done getting everything out. Jacob loved taking the money and making change, with me helping him, of course.

By the time that Jessie pulled up out front, we'd already made one hundred bucks. Jacob pulled out the wad of cash and flashed it around. "Daddy, look what we made so far! We're rich!"

Jessie didn't know it, but I was planning on giving him everything he'd spent on me back. It wasn't his job to pay my bills and take care of me. He'd saved up money and had to use it for my mother's mortgage. Sure, it wasn't much and I would be able to pay him back with a couple paychecks, but it was just the courteous thing to do.

Around ten in the morning, I saw Amy walking up the driveway. She had her oldest daughter with her and I knew her name started with a C but I couldn't remember what it was. "Hi there!"

Amy walked toward me with a big smile. "How are you doing? We didn't get a chance to talk at church."

"I've decided to move into my mother's house. I went for an interview this week at the hospital and I think I got the job." Just as I said I saw Jessie shake his head and walk away. Since Amy was standing there, I couldn't just chase after him. "I'm trying to start over."

Amy smiled and touched my shoulder. "You have to do what makes you happy. Just remember that some decisions can hurt before they get better again. I think you're brave for what you're doing. It's going to be a big adjustment."

"Thanks for the advice. Hey, do you think that maybe we could have lunch sometime? I mean, I know we aren't close or anything, but I don't have any friends here. I just thought.."

"It would be great. Sometimes I just need to get away from family stuff. I love them, but we live together and work together. Sometimes I just want to scream."

I laughed at her comment. "Do you think Miranda would get mad at you?"

She shook her head. "No. She's been better about things, besides, her and Ty have their own stuff going on. I don't know if you heard, but Bella got Rocky Mountain Fever a couple months ago. They misdiagnosed it at first and she had to be put back in the hospital."

I put my hand over my mouth. "Oh my God. Is she going to be alright? I know that can be fatal. Please tell me she'll be okay?"

Amy smiled. "She's doing better. Her immune system just got messed up. Now, when she gets a cold, she gets really sick. The doctor is pumping her with vitamins and she's been responding well. She's back in school, but still not one hundred percent."

"Ty must have freaked out." We all knew how much he loved that little girl.

"When it comes to that kid, Ty always freaks out. He stayed by her side the whole time. I don't know what would happen if he lost her."

I could sense that things had gotten serious and I didn't want to dwell on the negative. "So, are you shopping for anything in particular?"

She started looking around. "The kids could use some flannel sheets. Do you have any of those?"

"Actually, I think there are two whole sets. My mother had this thing with sheets. She never could have too many. I say that all you need is two sets." I was trying to make her smile after making her sad. It was hard for me to be friendly, since I really had no friends.

"I'll take both sets."

I pointed to Jacob. "Head over to my associate and he will check you out, literally. His father taught him all about how to look at a woman."

She shook her head and laughed as she walked away. The tables were crowded with people and I didn't have a chance to say goodbye to her. I saw her waving before she got into her car. Seeing her had made me optimistic that I could have friends again. Sure, Amy was part of that Mitchell clan, so I had to be careful not to step on any toes as far as being around her. I was never going to be friends with Ty and Miranda, but maybe, just maybe, I'd be able to walk into an establishment without it being a problem if they were there too.

I started cleaning up around two in the afternoon. I'd sold more than half of my mother's old junk and make five hundred bucks and some change. For being a big helper, I gave Jacob twenty one dollar bills. He thought he'd hit the jackpot and could live for the rest of his life with that much money. It was cute to see him running up to his father and telling him all about it.

Jessie helped me clean up, but he continued to avoid speaking to me. If I had to guess, I'd say that he was mad at me. Nothing was new about that. Somehow I was always famous for making him angry.

I wasn't sure if he was staying for dinner, but one of us was going to have to speak. I couldn't let him leave without smoothing things out. He was taking Jacob and I didn't need conflict between us. We had to remain friends. For me, it wasn't difficult, because I was still totally in love with him. I just needed him to be my friend.

Was that so hard to ask for?

Chapter 28

Jessie

I still couldn't believe this was happening. That accident had done something to Heather. She was different, independent, and willing to do whatever it took to get me out of her life. I hated it.

Finally, all I wanted to do was be with her and she was pushing away. It was the story of my life. How could I blame her? I'd done nothing but push her away for years. Now, when I finally get my shit together, she decided that she'd had enough.

I couldn't be near her without wanting to give her a piece of my mind, so to keep the peace, I decided to walk away and gather my thoughts.

After stopping for breakfast, I found myself sitting outside of Amy's salon. Conner and his son came walking up to my car. "What's up, man?"

"I came for a haircut. Is it too early?"

"Amy actually wasn't going to work today, but hang on. She usually says yes." He looked down at his son. "Go ask your mom if she has time to cut a guys hair."

The little guy went running into the house.

"Thanks. I didn't even think about it being the weekend. My heads all messed up these days."

"Heather knocked up or somethin?" He laughed when he said it but quickly stopped grinning when he saw the look on my face.

I shook my head. "I almost wish she was, because maybe it would make her change her mind. She says she's moving back to her old house. She says that I'm only with her out of pity and she doesn't want that for either of us." I started laughing. "Sorry, man. I know you don't want to hear about this shit."

Conner leaned against my car. He pointed his house. "You probably don't know this, but I wasn't always this family man. I used to run around and have women in different towns. Hell, one time I was hittin' two sisters at the same time. All that changed when I met my wife. You know how that all went down, so I don't have to explain it. My point is that I almost lost Amy by not speaking my mind. I was stubborn and didn't want to admit that the world didn't revolve around me." Amy started walking out of the house and coming toward us. She had a kid in her arms. "She's everything to me and I honestly couldn't live without her. I don't know how you feel about Heather, and it's none of my business, but if you love her, fight for her. It will be worth it."

He leaned over and kissed Amy as she got close to both of us. "I hear you need a haircut?" She looked around. "Is Heather with you? She said she was having a yard sale."

I shook my head. "She is. She's getting everything set up. I needed to get out for a little while."

She looked from Conner and then back to me. "One of those mornings. We all have them. Come on. Let's get your mop fixed."

I waved to Conner as Amy led me into her salon.

After she turned on all the lights and got me sitting, she spun me around to face her. "You know that when you sit in my chair I get free reign to ask any questions that I want."

I let out a laugh. "Go ahead and ask."

"What's up? Is there trouble in paradise?"

"Paradise? It's more like there is no paradise. Heather has decided that she wants to live here, without me."

Amy's eyes got huge. "You're kidding? Why would she do that? She's crazy about you, from what I could see."

I shrugged and she started cutting my hair, probably to hide her grin of knowing that it was bound to happen. "She said that I'm only with her out of pity. She claims that she wants someone to want her as much as she wants them. Apparently, I'll never be that guy."

"Have you told her how you feel?"

"I don't have to tell her. She knows it. I wouldn't deny it if she asked me." How could Heather not know something like that.

She spun me around again and I wondered why I came back to someone so nosey for a second time. "You have to tell a woman how you feel. We don't just assume good things. We assume the worst."

"I don't talk about feelings. It just causes problems."

"Well, apparently your way of doing things isn't working very well for you if Heather wants to move back here, without you." She had a point.

"I don't know what to do. I thought if I gave her space she would change her mind, but she's already gone to interviews here. She's ready to move on."

Amy started working on my hair again, but didn't stop giving me her two cents. "Have you ever considered doing something drastic?"

"What do you mean?" I wasn't going to cut off my ear.

"Jessie, if you ask me, Heather is looking for the ultimate commitment. So I'll ask you again, are you willing to do something drastic to save your family?"

I shook my head and she smacked the back of it. Realizing that it could ruin my haircut, I stayed still for her. "She isn't doing this because I haven't asked her to marry me."

"Maybe not, but I think she needs to know you're in the relationship for her and not because she needs you to be. Marriage may not even be on her radar, but I recall someone showing up at the barn in a wedding dress. She's obviously considered it."

"After the dress got ruined, I hardly think she wants to talk about a wedding. Maybe she's pushing me away so she never has to wear a wedding dress again." I didn't know what made her do the things she did. I couldn't read women's minds.

Amy started to giggle. "You men are ridiculous." She got out the clippers, but before she turned them on, she faced me again. "Are you willing to do whatever it takes to get Heather back?"

I held up my hands. "I guess. I mean, it's what I want. Why?"

"I think I can help with that. It's going to take me a couple of weeks, but I'm pretty sure I have a solution for you." Her grin was driving me crazy, like she knew something that I didn't. I felt like a kid who wanted to know what he was getting for Christmas.

"Can you at least give me a hint?"

Amy smirked and then got this ornery look on her face again. "The dress didn't get totally ruined. When the accident first happened and they brought her into the ER, they gave Van a bag containing the wedding dress because it was so valuable. I don't think it fit into those little cubby's they keep for patients either. Anyway, Van suggested that I keep it and have it cleaned for when Heather got better. The cleaners got out all the blood, but there are a couple spots that need to be patched up. My step-mother can sew anything, so if you want, I can take it to her. If anything is going to get you on Heather's good side, it's going to be her priceless dress that her mother made for her."

"I wondered what happened to it. I think after the accident she just assumed it got thrown away and ruined. Why didn't you tell anybody? I'm sure she would want to know it still exists."

"She was in no condition to worry about that. Honestly, I forgot about it until the cleaners called me to pick it up. It's been sitting in my closet this whole time. I just never knew when I'd see her, or if she even wanted to see it again. I know if my mother made me something like that, I'd never want to lose it. I'd keep it forever knowing that a piece of her was at my wedding."

"You're a damn saint. You're whole family is the nicest group of people I've ever met. I'm glad you found Conner. It's a shame you ever had to be involved with Rick." I felt horrible admitting that his blood ran through me. I wasn't anything like that man.

"Jessie, you will never be like that man. I've seen you with Heather and Jacob. They adore you. Rick was a bad man. He never cared about anyone but himself. What kind of man abandons their kids and beats their wives?"

"A terrible one." I had to change the subject because talking about him made my blood boil. Even though I felt embarrassed to ask, I did it anyway. "So, I'll pay your step-mother to fix the dress, if you think it will work. Heather doesn't think so, but I need to show her that I'm not with her because I feel sorry for her. I'm with her because it's where I want to be."

"You get your plan in order. The dress isn't going to do the talking for you. Leave the dress to me. We have your number and will call when it's ready. Maybe you could plan something special when you give it to her." Amy smiled and turned me around to see my fresh haircut. Just like before, it looked great.

"Thanks!"

"No charge. Go learn how to express your feelings. I hate to see kids bouncing back and forth between parents. It breaks my heart."

I started to walk away, but turned around and approached her. "One more favor. If you could not mention that we talked, it would be great."

She motioned like she was sealing her lips and tossing away the key. "We never talked!"

On my way back from seeing Amy, I felt hopeful. Still, I didn't know how to be around Heather until I had everything in order. This was going to be my last chance at winning her back. We were both tired of the back and forth. The problem was that I didn't want her walking away, I wanted her with me.

There were several things that I had to do to ensure that I could convince her. I was going to have to tell my parents and get their blessing. Even without it, I knew my choice, but it would make things easier for Heather if they were all on board. I needed to make some financial decisions. In the meantime, I was risking losing Heather to this new life she was trying to start. While I was struggling to save our relationship, she may just fall in love with her new life and not want anything I had to offer her. The two weeks that Amy had asked me to wait may just end things for good.

I was petrified of that outcome.

I didn't want to have visitation and custody rights for our son.

He shouldn't have to live in two separate states.

I didn't want to be without him and neither did Heather, which meant it would come to be a huge battle. For the sake of everything that I loved, I prayed that this plan of Amy's was going to work. If loves wasn't enough, I didn't know what else to give Heather to prove my devotion to her.

I may be playing a game that had no winner.

This could be devastating.

Chapter 29

Heather

I should have known that each time Jessie left to go home that it was going to harder. Jacob thought I just had to keep working on my mother's house. I didn't have the heart to tell him that everything was about to change. I think somewhere in my mind, I was praying that it wouldn't come to that, although I knew Jessie wasn't going to budge.

Jessie had decided to leave a day early, claiming that he had something to do. Since it was no longer my business, I didn't ask him what it was.

After getting Jacob buckled in, he came over and pinned me against the car. His lips were on mine before I could argue with him. He stared deeply into my eyes. "I'll miss you this week."

I swallowed the knot in my throat. "It will get easier."

"I don't want it to get easier. I want to think about you every day. I want to think about how your skin feels against my lips. I want to think about the way you smile when you first wake up." He kissed me softly again while holding both sides of my face.

I closed my eyes and tried not to focus on his seduction. That's all it was. Jessie wasn't in it for the long term, he was in it for the fun. "So I'll see you next weekend?" I was already choking back the tears.

Finally he pushed away and started to get in the car. "Yeah, I guess I'll see you then. If staying with you will be too much, I can ask my sister."

I leaned into the car window after he closed the door. "I have plenty of room."

He pecked me on the cheek before I could pull away. "I'll call when we get home."

Before the tires hit the pavement, I was already crying. I felt like the bad guy for trying to move forward. Why couldn't Jesse just communicate with me? How come he had to be so indecisive. We could have been a family forever.

I wished there was someone to guide me through my heartache. No matter how much I loved Jessie, it would never change the fact that I would never be what he wanted. To him, I'd always be that girl that corrupted his perfect life.

It hurt me more being with him and knowing that than not being with him at all.

My mother's dying wish was for me to be happy and secure with my self. The only way that I would ever be able to do that was if I started over. I knew that moving back to town wasn't ideal, but without any money, it was my only option. The biggest hardship I was going to have was fighting Jessie for custody of Jacob. Because we lived hours away, we wouldn't be able to share him like we always had when we were apart. Millions of family's made it work everyday, so I was hopeful that we could do the same.

Hopefully, after time, I'd be able to afford a place closer to Jessie so that we could go back to our original agreement. I was aware that the time in between was going to cause major issues with him. Aside from our relationship problems, Jacob was his father's whole world. Being without his son wasn't going to go well at all. If his parent's got involved, I was up for the fight of my life.

Three hours after they pulled out of the driveway Jessie was calling me. I was still in tears from being so messed up over things, but I tried to disguise it with my voice.

Hello?

Hey, I just want you to know we're home safe.

Jess, please don't hang up yet.

I don't have anything to say to you, Heather. This shit is breaking my damn heart. You expect me to just let you walk away with my son. You're kidding yourself if you think that's going to happen.

It's not like that and you know it. Don't you think that after all that I've been through, I deserve to be happy?

I tried to make you happy. This shit is all in your head. I just drove for three hours and I'm tired. Can we just not do this tonight?

I'm not doing this because I don't love you anymore. I think I'm always going to love you, Jess.

Baby, you don't know what love is if you think that walking away is going solve all of your problems.

The phone went dead before I could say anything else. If I was making the right decision, why did it feel like my life was ending?

I fell to the floor begging God to give me a sign, showing me where I needed to be. I begged him to guide me to my future and give me the strength to get there in one piece. I begged him to forgive me for all of sins against myself and others.

It was at that pivotal moment when I begged him to save my life and grant me a second chance. I'd given up doing things on my own, only to fail in the end. If someone didn't help me, I was afraid I would fail again.

The phone rang again startling me. This time, I didn't hide my tears.

Hello?

Why are you doing this?

I just want to new start, Jess. I'm so tired of being judged by everyone around me. For once I just wanted to be someone else. I want a new start.

Have you considered what Jacob wants? Do you know how hard it is to tell him everything is going to be okay?

I think about him every second.

Maybe you should ask him. I can tell you that for the last few hours all he's talked about is you coming home. How do you think he's going to feel when he finds out that you're not planning on ever coming back?

I'll deal with that. He's a little boy. Don't you think it's important for me to get my life straight? I can't be a good mother if I'm all messed up.

You're messed up because inside that little head of yours, you know you're doing the wrong thing. I don't get why you're doing this. Haven't I proved to you that I want you in my life?

Jessie, you took me in because I didn't have any place to go. I know you believe that this is what you want, but it's a decision that was made at a desperate time. I know you care deeply for me, and you thought that I was going to die. You probably got scared about raising our son all by yourself. This isn't the same as wanting to be with me for no reason at all. That's the kind of love I'm searching for. It's the kind of person that I want to be. I can't undo all of the wrongs that I've caused, but I can start over and be a better person. I can't keep hoping for things to change. I need to make them change.

What do I have to do to convince you that you're wrong?

I don't know if there's anything you can do. My heart is broken and this is tearing me apart inside, but I know it won't always feel this way. I have to believe that we will both be happy eventually. For now, I need to get my life in order.

I'm not just going to let you go without a fight.

I wish you would, Jess. What you're doing right now is hurting me even more. Please let me do this. I promise you'll be happy that I did.

Heather, you're wrong.

Goodnight, Jess.

It was a good thing that I was already sitting on the living room floor, because I don't think my legs would have held me up as I broke down again. My phone fell to the floor and I wept. More than anything, I wanted to be with my family. How could he imply that I wasn't thinking of them?

Did he understand that I wanted more than to be with someone because they felt sorry for me?

The more I tried to calm down, the harder it was to rationalize with myself. As I grew older I started to wonder things in life. One thing I always stumbled upon was the question if things happen for a reason. If everything in my life had been for a reason; perhaps some kind of test, was I on the right path? Was being with my family something I was just going to have to stick out? What would happen to my mother's house; the house she raised me and my brother in, through good times and bad? How could I walk away from all that I had left of them?

It was as if I was being torn in two. I wanted to make the right choices so that I could be a better person, a loyal mother and a loving person to whoever would want me in that way. I wasn't desperate, but finding happiness was always the goal.

After turning off all of the lights in the house, I retreated to my mother's room. When I walked in, I realized that it was the last place that Jessie had slept. The covers were still pulled down on one side. I crawled in, exactly where he laid his head the night before. The pillow acted as my best friend while I hugged it and wailed some more.

There were so many reasons that I should be with Jessie and so many reason that I should walk away.

I was completely confused.

Finally, I sat up, turned on the light and looked around the room. My mother still had clothes hanging on the back of her closet door, preventing it from closing. I climbed out of bed and walked over to it.

As I opened the door, I noticed that all of her favorite outfits were neatly hung and color coordinated. On the top there was a shelf and a few boxes. One box was labeled Heather.

My heart started beating profusely out of my chest as I reached up and grabbed the box. Since my mother had meticulously labeled everything else in the house, I couldn't believe that I had missed this. Although, her room was going to be the last room that I cleaned out. I still couldn't handle getting rid of her things. Each item was so precious to me and still a big piece of her.

When I had the box in my hands, I took it over to the bed and sat down. After taking a few deep breaths to try and calm down, I opened the lid.

It was full of pictures and trinkets from places that we'd gone together. She had movie stubs and little items that she got when we went places. She had pictures of me growing up and lastly she had a white envelope with my name on it.

My hands were shaking as I opened it up to read it.

Dear Heather:

If you're reading this, I've passed on and am no longer suffering, so please don't be sad. I put up a good fight and enjoyed all of the years that I had being your mother. I'm not really sure which letter you're going to find first. If you haven't been up to the attic, there is something special up there just for you.

I put this box together of all the special places we went together. I hope you can enjoy these memories and think of me in a time where I wasn't sick. Being your mother was always what kept me going.

I don't know if you've spoken to the lawyers, but there was something that I didn't include for him to know. In this box is a key to the First National Bank and Trust of North Carolina. I need you to take this key with a copy of my death certificate. They know you're coming.

You see, I had to take out money to pay to help your brother, but I knew all along that I had something special to give to you. Inside that safe deposit box is your future Heather. Don't be frugal with it. Take care of Noah and your family.

No matter where you go, or what you're doing, I'll always be there with you.

You are my most special little blessing. There was never a day that I didn't love you completely. Be kind to yourself.

Love you always,

Mom

My hands were so shaky that I almost couldn't finish reading. For months I'd worried about what I was going to do. Whatever was in that box could solve all of those problems.

I had to get to that box.

Chapter 30

Jessie

How could I sleep knowing she was doing this to me? There was no way that I was going to be able to wait a couple weeks for whatever Amy had planned. I needed answers now!

I'd never asked Heather for anything or forced her to do anything she didn't want to do. As far as boyfriends went, I thought I was pretty good at treating her right. After her accident I had put everything behind us. Seeing her there, so close to death changed something in me. I no longer cared about where she came from or how she ended up at my doorstep. All I wanted to do was have her in my arms.

For obvious reasons, I didn't talk about things that upset her, but always listened when she had something to say. This was all just making no sense. Sure, before her accident, maybe I had said some things pertaining to her being a pity f**k. Perhaps that's where she got the idea that I was just feeling sorry for her.

She couldn't be more wrong about it.

After I'd gotten Jacob off to school, I decided to go and talk to my parents. They needed to know about my decisions since some of them directly involved my future at the bed and breakfast. As much as I appreciated that they'd brought me up, sent me to college, and given me a business, I needed to think about my boy and what was best for him.

Only seeing him on weekends wasn't an option.

In the beginning, before they knew why she'd come, my parents liked Heather. They thought she was smart and beautiful. It wasn't until the truth came out that they changed their minds and decided that I needed to get as far away from her as physically possible.

The problem with that was she was pregnant. As angry and hurt as I was, I knew that I was obligated to be responsible. I think all along I knew that I still loved Heather. In a way it was as if I was fighting myself. No matter who I dated or where I went, no woman compared to her. It wasn't just sexually either, I actually enjoyed her company. I liked knowing she was safe with me and with Jacob.

My mother was surprised to see me walk into their kitchen. "Jessie, what brings you here today?"

"I need to talk to you and Dad. Is he around?"

"He's playing golf with Franklin. Is there an emergency?" Right away she seemed concerned.

I sat down across from her at the little round table. "It's about Heather."

She rolled her eyes. "What now?"

I rubbed my face and tried not to get too frustrated with her. She was just looking out for me. "I can already tell that you're not going to be happy, but she hasn't done anything bad, if that's what you're thinking."

"Well, I never know what to expect when it comes to that girl. The only thing she does well is be a mother. I'll give her that." It was a start. I'd take it.

"Ever since her mother died she's been having trouble letting go. As much as she wants to move on, she's struggling with it. After she lost her position at the hospital and her license, she changed."

"So, your splitting up again? I knew it was bound to happen." My mother always assumed that she knew what I was thinking.

I placed my hands down flat on the table. "Mother, please just listen to me. I didn't end things with Heather. In fact, it's the opposite. I'm going to ask her to marry me."

Her mouth dropped. She covered her face with her hands. "And you're here for my blessing?"

"Not just your blessing." I hesitated, knowing she wasn't going to like what I said to her next. "I'm thinking about moving to North Carolina. Maybe not permanently, but for a while."

She stood up and walked into the next room. The open floor plan allowed me to see her pacing around. "Your father is not going to be happy about this. I assured him that you were ready to take over the B and B. Now, you tell me that you want to walk away from it, for a girl that has caused you nothing but trouble. I thought we raised you better than this!"

"I thought you raised me to make my own decisions. I love her and you know it. Part of the reason that we kept breaking up was because you and everyone else disapproved so much. I'm sick of letting everyone else make my decisions for me. Like it or not, Heather is the mother of my son. I want us to be family, because it's about time I do the right thing in this situation." The look on her face said it all. I'd broken her heart by choosing the wrong person, in her eyes. Sure, she wanted me to marry some wealthy socialite's daughter. She wanted me to be successful and plan each of my children based on our financial status. I got that she wanted that for me, but it wasn't close to what I wanted for myself.

"You're an adult now, so it isn't up to me or your father. If you already made the decision, why are you even asking me what I think?"

"Because, you are my mother and I want you and Dad to be a part of any decision I make. Heather wants that too." Okay, I really hadn't asked her that, but it sounded good. "Don't you want me to be happy?"

"Of course I do!" She waved her hands around like it was a rhetorical question.

"Then I'm going to marry Heather. I can still own the B and B from out of state. Trust me, I thought about this all last night. I have a good management team on staff and me being there isn't necessary. Need be, I can make the commute and handle things as they come up. Come on, Mom, you've ran that business for years. You and I both know that it isn't necessary for me to be in that office every single day. I can do all of the financials from my home office, Hell, I do most of it there as it is." Even if she acted like it couldn't be done, I knew she wasn't being honest. It could not only be done, I was already doing it. Sure, I got a lot of calls with questions, but everything could be done without me being there.

My mother got quiet for a couple minutes. I could see that it pained her to hear me say I was moving away. If anyone was in the position to be able to do it, it was me. My house was paid for and my business could basically run itself. While away, I was going to look into property and see if I could find another bed and breakfast to buy.

They weren't hard to operate and the overhead wasn't much, after the furniture and licenses were taken care of.

I was going on no sleep at all, but thinking clearer than I had in a long time. I was prepared to fight for what I wanted and also finally tell Heather exactly how I felt about her, since Amy claimed that women didn't get it until they heard the words.

"You're sure this is what you want?" My mother was calm and collected, but behind the facade I knew she was steaming mad.

"Yes."

"I'm sure your father would fill in for you in your absence if there was ever an emergency. The rest we can sort out at a later time. I can't promise that he will be happy about this decision. You know how he likes to be the first to know about these kind of decisions."

"I know, but there's nothing he can say to make me change my mind. With or without his blessing, I'm going to do what is best for my family. I'd hope that he can respect that. I'm not doing any of this to piss you off or disappoint you."

She walked over to me and put her palm on my cheek. "I don't know when you grew up and became so responsible. I may not agree with your choices, but I'm proud of the man that you've become." Tears formed in her eyes and I could see that she didn't want me to go away.

I hugged her tightly. "Mom, I am going to try to come home every weekend. We'll use the house as a weekend house. Jacob will be able to see you often while I check on things. In the summer, he can come visit for as long as you want."

"What does Heather think about this? Was it her idea?"

I shook my head. "No, it wasn't her idea. She doesn't even know the decision has been made. She has no idea that I'm asking her to marry me."

"How do you know she'll say yes?" I looked at my mother, with her gray hair and her deep blue eyes, she was still a pretty lady. My father had less grays and kept himself busy so he looked younger than he was. They were the only parents that I'd ever known and it meant the world to me that they'd given me such a good life and upbringing. I was lucky and always wanted them to know how much I appreciated them. "She could tell you she isn't ready."

I had to chuckle, because I really didn't know what her answer would be. I was hoping she would say yes, but anything was possible at this point. "I'm optimistic she would. I know she loves me."

She smiled. "Yes, she does. I think you're the reason that girl is changed. It was your love that helped her want to be a better person. We all make mistakes, but it takes a strong person to admit that and do something about it."

"Will you be able to accept her as your daughter-in-law?"

She took a second to gather her thoughts again. For a second, I thought she was going to say no. "If she makes my son happy, than I will be happy. I just don't want to see that revolving door like it's always been. This commitment needs to be permanent. Marriage isn't easy. I've had so many times when I wanted to walk away from your father, but at the end of the day, my heart wouldn't let me. If you really want to take this step, I want you to promise me that it means you will give it your all."

"I promise. I want nothing more than to be with Heather and Jacob every day for the rest of my life."

She raised her eyebrow. "I guess it's settled then."

I got close enough to hug my mother again. I knew she wasn't thrilled, but she'd come around like she always did.

After dealing with that, I still had to talk to my father and contact Amy to see if she could speed up the dress being repaired. I had my plan in order.

Chapter 31

Heather

The following morning, after I found the safe deposit box, I was at the bank trying to figure out what my mother had left for only me. After showing her death certificate and my identification, they led me into a room and sat me down at a table. A couple minutes later they brought in the box.

As I opened it, I saw a bunch of papers on top. When I took a closer look I realized that they were old bonds. When I say they were old, I mean they were from the old railroad days and there wasn't just two or three. There were over ten.

Since I had no idea what they could be worth, I sat them to the side and found a letter from my mother.

Heather,

I'm so glad you found this box. I've been saving this for you since the day your father left from our lives. He didn't just leave me with two children. He left his great-grandfather's bonds. I'd meant to return them, but after he died, nobody came looking. There's a copy of his death certificate and a copy of your birth certificate. You'll need these for identification. You're probably wondering why we suffered for so many years when I had these sitting around. That answer is easy. They were never mine to spend. I think you deserve this. If your brother ever gets his act straight, there is a stack of bonds with his name on them as well. I don't know exactly how much they will be worth, but it would be enough for you to get a good start at whatever you want to do. If you're reading this letter than I'm already gone.

I had a lot of time to think about how to leave things for you kids. I'm sure in time, you'll find more little notes for me. I wanted you to find them as you were living your life. I love you so much. Kiss Jacob for me everyday and know that you won't have to worry about money.

Love

Mom

We weren't poor, but this was insanely generous, even though I knew I was the last living relative. If these belonged to my father, than my brother and I deserved them.

A few days later I was with a specialist who was letting me know just what the bonds were worth.

What he told me, left me flabbergasted.

Not only would Jacob never hurt for anything, but I'd be able to pay off my house and live comfortably. I'd never have to rely on anyone else to take care of me.

I cried alone in my house for the next two days, drowning my excitement in twenty dollar bottles of wine. It wasn't like I could call and tell anyone about it. Jessie surely didn't want to hear that I didn't need his help anymore.

After a little too many glasses of wine, all I wanted to do was talk to Jessie. I was feeling relaxed, but lonely. It was a mistake even though I was going to do it anyway.

Heather, it's midnight. Are you alright?

I miss you.

If you miss me so much, then why do you want to be without me?

Because I know you don't really want me. You don't want to be committed to me. I know you felt bad about the accident, but I'm not your responsibility.

Heather, you don't know what I want. What if your throwing away something special? What if my intentions are true? Do you really want to separate our family without knowing the truth?

I don't need your money anymore, Jess. Something great happened.

What are you talking about? You must be drunk!

Losing you hurts so much. I know it's the right thing though. It will just take time for me to heal.

Have you been drinking? You're all over the place and your voice is slurred.

Maybe I had some wine.

Heather, listen to me. Please don't go anywhere. Stay home and sleep it off. Promise me.

Yeah, I'm not going anywhere. I wish you were here with me, in my bed. Do you miss my body, Jess?

You know I do. I miss everything about you.

I'm never going to stop loving you.

Call me tomorrow and let me know you're okay.

I will.

Yet again, I didn't get those three little words that I longed for. In fact, in our whole relationship, he'd only said it a few times. That drove me crazy. What was it so hard for him to say that to me?

Feeling defeated and alone, I decided to call it a night. While laying there trying to go to sleep, I thought about Jacob and how hard it was going to be for him to be without his father. I knew my decision was insensitive and probably made no sense since Jessie and I had been getting along so well. He wouldn't be able to comprehend that our history and his father's lack of being able to commit would be the reason for us not being together anymore.

He'd probably hate me.

I don't know whether it was the alcohol, or maybe my mind finally realizing that I was in for a lot more heartache, albeit I curled up in a ball and began to cry again. If only Jessie loved me whole-heartedly. If only he would take that leap of faith and forgive me for my wrong doings. Everything would be so my easier.

Too bad Jessie wasn't the commitment kind of guy. Instead he fought with himself over having feelings for me at all. In time, he'd would always walk away and pursue something else. I couldn't have my heart broken like that again. I couldn't hear Jacob come and tell me that Daddy went on a date with another woman. I couldn't be that jealous woman that called him begging him to stay with me.

I was just so tired of it all.

How many years was I willing to wait for a guy that was never going to change or be able to commit to me at all? His broken promises and lack of trust were what was the breaking point for our relationship. As much as I wanted to be with him, it couldn't continue.

As much as I wanted to be happy and celebrate the fact that I had money to start a new life, I knew I would not only be breaking my own heart, but my sons as well. It made me even more upset.

I bawled until I finally fell asleep from exhaustion.

The next morning I had a headache, so I went to take something for it. Unfortunately, I couldn't find a regular bottle of pain killers to save my life. The local drug store was about a half mile from where I lived, so I got dressed, put on some sunglasses and headed out for a walk.

By the time I'd made it inside of the establishment, my back was full of sweat and I felt dizzy. My head was spinning and if I turned my neck a certain way I could see stars. I kept my sunglasses on as I paraded through the aisles looking for the painkillers.

I couldn't help but notice this particular man when I got to where I was looking. He was tall, tan and scruffy, and talked on his cell phone with a strong southern drawl.

"I don't see that bottle here, darlin'."

Jessie was who I loved, completely, but this man was just gorgeous. He had a hat on that covered the front of his face, but I could tell he wasn't going to be ugly anywhere on that body.

I tried to look for what I needed while listening his sexy voice, until I heard him say something and realized just who I was looking at.

"Savanna, I'm not findin' that. Are you sure they sell it here? Maybe they just have it back home."

I don't know why I did it, but instinctively, I reached over and grabbed his arm. He got his strange look his face, at first, so I pulled off my sunglasses.

He chuckled. "Here, talk to her and tell her you don't see that Goody's headache relief. She doesn't believe me that they don't have it." He handed me the phone.

Van, It's Heather.

Oh my God, did you recognize Colt? That is so funny. I'm out in the car. We stayed up last night playing cards and my head is killing me.

Yeah, I had too much wine and came here for the same reason. I know that have Goody's up at the front register. I can send Colt there now.

Oh, thank you so much.

Van, this might be a terrible idea and I understand if you say no, but would you like have lunch while you're here?

I think that would be nice. How about you stop by the car on the way out. It's actually a black SUV with Kentucky plates.

I couldn't believe that she had agreed to have lunch with me. After grabbing some Tylenol, I headed home feeling like I finally had someone that I could talk to. I wanted to start over. Van being nice to me was just the begging.

As I approached the vehicle, I saw Van hop out. Unexpectedly, she walked up and hugged me. "How are you doing?"

I shrugged. "Are you asking because you know I'm a mess?"

She pulled away and looked at me. "Don't say that. I'm sure you have friends."

I put my head down and looked at the pavement. "I really don't. I go to work and come home to Jacob."

"What about Jessie?"

I felt my stomach knotting up and was ashamed to tell her what I'd done. "I left him. I just...I couldn't be with someone that was with me out of pity."

She reached out and grabbed my shoulder just as Colt approached us with a bag in his hand. "I'm so sorry, Heather. I thought that he wanted to work things out."

"Yeah, Jessie doesn't know how to work things out. He's fickle. I can't wake up every day and wonder if that day will be the day he leaves again. It's been our whole relationship. He'll never forgive me."

She hugged me again. "Life is too short, Heather. I've learned to forgive others. Everyone needs a second chance at redemption."

I started to tear up. "Thank you for saying that."

"You know what I think?" She put her hands on her hips.

"What?"

"I think you need a makeover. You need to do something to feel good about yourself again."

I shook my head. "I'm not going to that salon with Miranda there. She will never be okay with that."

She started to laugh at me. "Her and Ty went to Florida with his parents and the kids. Colt and I came to help Conner with a shipment of steers. We're staying at their place."

"Are you sure it's okay with Amy?" Was this where they tied me up and buried me alive as payback? Nobody would even come looking for me. "Maybe I shouldn't."

"Just stop by. I'll be over as soon as this headache goes away."

She climbed in the car, while Colt gave me a nod and did the same. As they pulled away I waved.

My head was pounding and I was nauseas as crap, but all I could think about was that invite. Maybe I wanted to be their friends too much. Maybe my intentions were selfish.

It didn't matter.

I hadn't felt so excited in a long time.

I had hope.

Chapter 35

Jessie

I woke up out of a deep sleep to someone beating on my door. When I realized that the knocking wasn't stopping, I hopped up and ran toward it, so that Jacob wouldn't wake up. For some reason I didn't even bother to look and see who it was before I sprung open the door, angry and dazed.

Heather just stood there with a big grin on her face. She looked like she was ready to go out to someplace fancy, wearing a long, black dress coat and very high heels. "Are you going to let me in?"

I scratched my head and realized that I was standing at the door in just my boxers. Even though there wasn't any other homes around my place, it was still a bit chilly. I backed away from the door and kicked it open.

Before I could say anything, she walked past me and dropped the coat. Her little lacey number was see thru, showing me every single detail of her perfect body. I bit down on my lip and felt my dick responding to her beauty. She walked up, putting her lips so close to mine that I could feel her breath against my face. "Tell me you want this?" She motioned her hands up and down her body.

I took my hand and backed myself away as I unhooked her bra from the front. "How about I show you?"

She shuffled off the bra and watched me toss it on the floor. I grabbed her waist and lifted her into my arms, kissing her while she wrapped her legs around me and I walked us into the bedroom.

Heather's body fell down on the soft bed. Her br**sts bounced, catching my attention immediately. I just stood there, taking every inch of her in. Her beauty overwhelmed me. Her sex appeal seduced me.

I was pudding in her pretty little hands.

I lifted one of her legs up, paying close attention to the stilettos on her feet. I kissed the leather strap as I slowly unfastened it. She giggled, but remained still as she watched me take off the shoe and kiss her little toes. I watched her licking her lips as my lips made their way to her ankle.

Heather brought her hands up to her br**sts and played with her ni**les. I kept my eyes on what she was doing while my mouth made its way to her calf. I let her leg fall down on the bed while I repeated the process to her other leg.

I cleared my voice while focusing on what she was touching. Without further ado, I grabbed her other leg and spread her wide open. I could see in her eyes that she didn't want to move slow. With my hard c**k in my hand, I teased her entrance, letting her wetness lubricate the tip of my shaft.

She cried out as I entered her and wrapped her legs around my waist again. Her walls were tight, just like it was our first time together. The faster I moved, the more she cried out. Sheer passion ignited her, fueling her drive as she rocked her body into mine, pushing off the bed for a harder hit. She let her head fall back onto the pillow while her eyes closed and tightened herself around my cock. It was only moments before I was ready to explode.

Then she jumped up. I assumed she wanted to switch positions, until she climbed off the bed and stared at me. Her hand came across my face before I knew what was happening. "We could have been happy together. I needed your love and was refused it. Consider that your goodbye!"

I went to reach out as she started to walk away and sat straight up in my bed. After looking around the room, I realized it had just been a dream. Still, that dream had hidden meaning. Heather was tired of my shit and there was a chance that I'd ran out of second chances.

I'd spent the entire day talking to my family members and letting them know that I had made the decision to ask Heather to marry me. They may not have been thrilled, but I felt obligated to let them know ahead of time.

It was easy for me to admit that maybe I could have been better to her. I'd just assumed that she'd always be around. The new version of her wasn't going to take my indecisiveness.

After calling around, I'd learned that Van was actually visiting with Amy. I knew that I needed to act fast, so I dropped Jacob off at my parents and headed to North Carolina.

Since I was feeling optimistic, I took a one way flight and then a taxi to Amy and Conner's house. They greeted me at the front door of the house and invited me inside. Amy even hugged me when I got into the living room.

They offered me a beer and I sat down on the couch. Sitting in the dining room was Van. She had a sewing machine out and was working on Heather's dress. I saw her wave and then get back to work. A guy my height stood up and shook my hand. "Hey man, I'm Colt, Savanna's husband. It's good to meet you."

I smiled. I could tell he wasn't from around there. His accent was strong. "Good to meet you as well. Thanks for letting me borrow your wife for this. I know it must be awkward."

Colt put his hands up. "It's all good. Savanna likes helpin' people. Ever since our fiasco last year, she likes doin' whatever she can. Life's too short to have grudges. We ain't kids anymore. Besides, I have no qualms with Heather, personally. Hell, she's the reason I'm with my wife. I probably owe her a thank you."

I laughed. "I don't think she sees things that way."

He just smiled. "So, you're plannin' on askin' her to marry you?"

"I am." I felt good about it.

"Congratulations. I'm sure your son will be happy."

I shrugged. "I haven't asked him. Things have been crazy. This was a very fast decision after she kicked me out of her life. Don't get me wrong, I'm not doing this to make amends. I'm doing it because I want to be with her."

He got closer to me and sort of whispered in my ear. "Tell her you love her every day, man. It's the most important thing you can do for your marriage." Colt patted me on the shoulder and sat back down.

Conner came out with my beer and sat down beside his cousin. "You like football?"

Who didn't? "Of course."

Conner popped a chip in his mouth. "Usually, Ty is here rootin' for his team. We are die hard Kentucky fans. Colt played football there in college. He was badass too."

I looked around the room and thought about being with people that Heather had assumed were always the enemy. I didn't see them that way at all, but I had to ask. "So, tell me the real reason that you're all being so nice to Heather?"

Amy scooted over and sat closer to me. "She saved my life. What kind of person would I be if I hated her? Every day that I look at my husband, or any of our children, I have Heather to thank. No matter what she did in the past, I think she's made amends, don't you?"

I took a swig of my beer and saw the guys' kind of nodding like they agreed. Colt held up his beer. "I told you my reason. My cousins may have their own opinions, but at the end of the day, I'm thankful for what I got. I can't live without my wife. She takes care of me and our kids. Life is too damn short for all that nonsense!"

"I hear what you're saying. I guess I just have a problem with holding grudges. I mean, Heather had secrets for a long time. I had a hard time getting over the fact that she wouldn't be honest with me."

Colt raised his eyebrow and looked at his cousin, Conner. "Does she treat you good? Has she ever been unfaithful to you? Is she a good mother?"

"Yes, she's all those things"

Conner cut in. "Man, you can't hold things against her that happened that long ago. Look, Ty and Randa have their issues. I know they've been through a lot with Heather, but it was in the damn past. When I see Heather, I see a changed person. At the end of the day, it's your choice what you do with your relationship."

I sat down my beer and just looked at the three of them. Seconds before I could say anything, three little kids came running into the house. "Christian hit me with the baseball."

A little girl held her hand on her head and cried.

Colt got up and walked outside. I could hear him yelling for his daughter. At that same time, Van got up and walked over to check on her child. Once she was sure the little one was unharmed, she sent her back outside to play.

"We come here for the kids to spend time together and all mine do is fight with each other." Van put her hands in the air and walked back into the dining room. I followed her and looked at how much she had accomplished.

The beading that had been damaged was fully prepared. "It looks great!"

She smiled and ran her hand over the fabric. "Thanks. I'm pretty proud of myself."

I touched her shoulder, making her turn to look at me. "I really appreciate you doing this, especially considering that you two aren't exactly friends."

She smiled and sat down at one of the chairs. "Listen, Jessie. I'm not going to lie to you. Heather and I have had our differences, but the bible says that we have to forgive. I've seen beautiful people taken from this world too soon. I've watched the people that I love suffer and have hardships. I've had my own demons to battle. At the end of the day I just try to see the positive in people. Honestly, I feel so sorry for Heather. For her whole life all she wanted was to be loved, first by a father that she never had and then by a guy who gave his heart to another, instead of choosing her. I can't imagine what that kind of rejection can do to someone."

"That's why I want to make things right."

She smiled and touched my arm. "Heather is going to be thrilled."

"I'm sure she thinks this dress is lost forever." I touched the fabric and smiled at Van. "Now I just have to pull this off."

Colt came into the room and put his arms around his wife. They really were a good looking couple. "Darlin', it looks as good as new."

She turned her head and reached up to kiss his cheek. "Thanks, babe."

I wanted to have what they had with Heather. It was refreshing to know that it was possible. "Now, I just have to get her to agree to marry me."

They both laughed. "That would be a good start." Colt added.

Van looked at her husband. "Just call her darlin'. That's how Colt got me." She giggled when she said it.

He leaned over and kissed her nose. "I hope that ain't the only reason. I have other good qualities, you know."

I put my hands up in the air. "TMI guys!"

"Sorry!" She said.

After we all shared a laugh, Van folded the dress into a box. I thanked them again for doing something so kind for us. They wished me luck and I was on my way to Heather's.

This was it!

My last chance!

Chapter 36

Heather

I was flipping through the channels, debating on calling and talking to Jessie. He needed to know about the money and my intentions. After my late night drinking binge, I'd woke up wondering if I should consider selling my mother's house so that I could be closer to them. I didn't want Jessie to have to suffer and be without his son. In fact, I wanted him to be able to see him whenever he wanted.

A knock at the door startled me and I realized that I wasn't even decently dressed. My hair was a mess and I hadn't even brushed my teeth. I yelled as I ran into the bathroom, not knowing who could be at my door. "Just a second!"

When I heard the front door opening my heart dropped. Only one person knew where the hidden key was kept. I finished brushing my teeth and didn't even bother to look in the mirror at my hair.

Jessie was standing in the living room with a book bag around his shoulder and a big box. "Do I get a hug?" He asked.

"What are you doing here? Where's Jacob?" I was realizing that he was probably here to talk to me in person. He wasn't happy with my decision to leave and having to share visitation with me living so far away.

"We need to talk."

"I gathered that, already." I motioned for him to sit down on the couch.

"So, you're not going to hug me?"

I smirked and tried to read his intentions. He was acting weird. "Hugging you leads to other things and I can't do that with you anymore."

He sighed and looked down at the big box. "I brought something for you."

He sat down and waiting for me to sit next to him before he handed it to me. "What is it?"

He sighed. "Just open it."

I wasn't really used to getting presents and had absolutely no idea what it could be. Jessie just sat there smiling, with a shit-eating grin on his face. I opened the package and couldn't understand what was happening. As I stood up and pulled it out, I finally realized what it was that I was holding.

"This is my dress." Immediately I began to cry. "How did you...Jessie, how did you do this?"

He pulled me into his arms and kissed the top of my head. "Don't cry."

I looked up into his eyes and saw him smiling. "Why would you do this? I don't understand?"

He took a deep breath and brushed the hair out of my face. "I did it because I love you. No, I did it because I'm in love with you and I'd love for you to be wearing it when we walk down the aisle together."

I was taken aback by his words. "You've never said that to me before."

"Yes I have," he argued.

I shook my head. "No. You said it only when I asked you to."

He pulled me into his tight hold and kissed the top of my head. "Well, it's true. I guess the thought of you leaving made me realize what I wanted." He grabbed my face again and looked right into my glossy eyes. "I love you, so much. You're an awesome mother and a perfect companion. I'm sorry for all of the shit that I've put you through. So what do you say? Will you be my wife? Will you marry me and come home to me, not because I'm asking, but because you want to."

I couldn't help but sob. For the first time, in the whole time we'd been together, I was finally getting the devotion that I always wanted from him. It was almost too much to ask for, but I still didn't hesitate with my answer. "Yes. Of course I'll marry you."

We kissed and held our lips there. The moment was perfect.

A little while later, after I'd finally calmed down enough to speak again, we sat down on the couch and I told him all about the bonds and the opportunities that it would give us. It wasn't like Jessie needed or cared about the money. He lived comfortably and needed for nothing.

I was shocked to learn that Van and Amy had helped him preserve and repair the dress that I thought I'd lost forever.

It wasn't just that though. Hearing Jessie say those three words, was the best feeling that I'd ever had besides giving birth to my son. For so long, all I wanted was to hear him say those words to me, without being asked or pushed to do so.

Just when I thought that I could move on, those three words changed everything.

Who was I kidding? Jessie showing up on my doorstep was good enough for me.

That night Jessie wanted to take me out to celebrate. Before we headed out, I grabbed two of my mother's most precious collectables. She'd purchased two crystal angels that always sat in her window box in the living room. After making sure they were all cleaned up, I found two boxes and wrapped them.

I was more surprised when we pulled up at Amy's house and they asked me inside. I'd never been welcomed like that before. Jessie carried in the two boxes, while Van and Amy grabbed my hand and gawked at the ring I had on my finger. "Oh my God! I guess we know the answer!" Amy announced.

"It's beautiful," Van added.

I looked at them both and just started crying. They each just stood there comforting me, like I'd never done them wrong. It was surreal. "I don't know how I could ever thank you for what you've both done for me. I don't know if I'd have the ability to forgive like you have. I'll never forget your kindness."

Van hugged me. "When we were little, we promised we would be professional ice skaters together. Do you remember that?"

I was still crying, but starting laughing. "How could I forget? We duct-taped our shoes to look like ice skates and pretended puddles were our rink."

She laughed. "Your mother made you that costume and everything. You looked like a princess. I was so jealous."

I couldn't believe it. Van was jealous of me? "Why? You had two amazing parents and a happy family, while we struggled."

"I used to sit in front of my mirror and wish that I'd be as beautiful as you," she admitted.

I covered my mouth with my hand, while in shock. "Seriously?"

She nodded. "You're going to be a beautiful bride, Heather."

I cried more.

Finally, I turned around and handed the girls the two boxes. "I brought something for each of you. Can we sit down so I can show them to you?"

We sat down and they opened the boxes and pulled out the two angels. "They're beautiful!" Amy announced.

I watched both girls admiring the angels. "They were my mother's favorite. She loved angels, but they were her most precious ones that she owned. I remember she saved up to get them. Anyway, this past couple of months haven't been easy for me, but somehow I had these two little angels that helped me through it. Maybe things happened for a reason. I know my mother believed that." I looked down at my hands trying to gain composure before I couldn't talk anymore. "I want my two angels to have these. You've helped me more than you'll ever know and I didn't even deserve it. I owe you so much." Then I turned to Van. "My dress is beautiful again. I don't know how you did it, or why, but I will never be able to thank you for what you did. You are the most beautiful person that I've ever met in my life."

Van reached out and hugged me. This was someone that I envied, that I fought with, that I hated for many years, all because she had what I wanted. I never should have let a guy come between our friendship. She was the kind of friend that never turned her back on you. My life could have turned out so differently, had I not have wanted Ty so badly.

Then again, I wouldn't have Jessie, or Jacob. How could I ever regret the two them?

I reached out and grabbed Van's hand and she didn't pull away. "You should both come to the Bed and Breakfast for the wedding. I don't know when it's going to be, but we'd love to have you there."

I could hear the guys in the kitchen talking. They were laughing about something and I felt like I was in some kind of alternate reality. Never in my wildest dreams did I ever consider that I'd be able to be cordial with this family. They were proving me wrong.

Van and Amy looked at each other and smiled. "We think that would be nice."

It made my night even better.

Jessie and I didn't stick around much longer. We had celebrating to do on our own. I had a special place that I wanted to take him after dinner, but before I could leave Amy's house, I needed to ask Van something. I pulled her to the side, where nobody could hear us. "Van, can you do me a favor?"

"Sure. What?"

"Can you thank Ty for me?"

"Thank him for what?"

I smiled and felt embarrassed to say it out loud. "Thank him for never giving me a chance. If it weren't for that, I'd never have met Jessie and we wouldn't have the most amazing son. I guess everything does happen for a reason, doesn't it?"

I wasn't naive. I knew we'd never be best friends, but we were something other than enemies and it was enough for me. At the end of the day all I felt was grateful to be in the presence of such wonderful people.

Epilogue

6 months later.

Heather

It took me a long time to become the woman that would have made my mother proud. As I looked in the mirror, wearing the wedding dress that she'd made for me, I felt accomplished and happy.

It took four months for my mother's house to get a contract on it and another month before they settled. The money that I made was going to go into two separate accounts. One was for my brother and the other for Jacob. I think she would have wanted that.

Connor and Amy helped us get the house emptied out the week before the house sold. They were a blessing to have, since we lived so far away.

Jessie's parents were surprisingly nice about us getting married. His mother had actually taken over and turned my small affair into something that was magnificent. I appreciated it so much, but more so because she was Jacob's only living grandmother.

A wedding was supposed to be one of the happiest days of a woman's life, but mine was bittersweet. I was ecstatic to be marrying Jessie, but saddened that I had no family to share it with. There wasn't a day that went by that I didn't wish I could pick up the phone and call my mother. I missed her so much.

I spent the week before my big day in a state of depression over it. Not because I wanted people to feel sorry for me, but because I missed every single thing about her. No child wants to walk down the aisle without a parent at their side.

While the chairs filled up outside, I was steady pacing around, worrying about being able to keep myself from losing it. I was going to be strong and walk down that aisle, because Jessie was at the other end waiting for me.

I peeked outside and only noticed his family. A couple girls from the hospital had showed up, but nobody else that I recognized. I was freaking out.

A knock at my door caught me off guard and I jumped before running over to answer it. Van and Amy stood there. "You look beautiful, Heather," Amy said as they entered the room.

I didn't waste a single second. I grabbed both of them and hugged them, while tears ran down my face. "I didn't think you would come."

"Conner never passes up free booze," Amy teased.

Van took my hand. "Can I talk to you for a minute?"

Amy excused herself while I sat down next to Van. "What is it?"

She looked right at me with a serious look on her face. "I don't want to make you upset, but there's something that you should know. I told you how I talked to your mother about having cancer. She helped me so much more than my own mother could. It was hard for my mom because she was so scared for me. I needed someone that knew what I was going through. After my mastectomy, I spoke with your mother. She knew she was dying. The cancer had spread and her time was limited." Van started sniffling and I matched the sounds with my own tears. "Your mother fought so hard, Heather. She didn't want you to be alone in this world."

I nodded. "I know."

"She asked me something and I never told anyone, but you."

I sat there wondering what it was.

Finally she smiled and grabbed my hand. "She asked me to forgive you."

"What?" I kind of knew this already, but hearing her say it on this particular day was special.

Van cried harder. "I promised her that I would."

It was all starting to make sense. Van being at the funeral and all of her kind acts were a direct result of a promise she'd made to my mother while she was on her death bed. "I don't know what to say."

"Heather, I keep my promises."

She held my hand as we sat there. It took me back to a time when two little girls were friends and boys didn't exist. Sure, Van was there because she felt sorry for me, but I had to believe that she was there because she wanted to be. If I had to risk my life for anyone other than my family, it would be there's. They would always hold a part of my heart. In good times and bad I knew I wouldn't be where I was without them.

Walking down the aisle wasn't as hard as I thought it would be. Jacob walked down and grabbed my hand. He pulled my arm, making me lean down. "Daddy says I should hold your hand."

I didn't waste any time putting hand in his. We walked together slowly with our eyes focused on the man we both loved. When we made it to Jessie, he grabbed one of each of our hands and we stood forming a circle. Jacob got a kick out of being a part of the ceremony, while I battled with being able to go ten minutes without sobbing.

When the pastor told us we were married, I think I took my first full breath. Jessie kissed me deeply and pulled away to whisper in my ear. "I love you."

I'd waited over thirty years to hear a man say that to me and mean it. I don't think it would ever get old.

That night, once we got off the plane in Jamaica and checked into our hotel, Jessie and I laid in bed looking into each other's eyes. He played with my hair while smiling at me the whole time. "You look happy."

"That's because I am," he answered.

"How would you feel about having another baby?"

He pulled me on top of him and cupped my naked ass. "Are we going to start trying now?"

I shook my head and sat up, grabbing my abdomen. "We don't even need to try. I'm six weeks along."

That night I did something that I never thought I ever be able to do.

I made love to my husband; the man who finally loved me.

