Chapter 1

"Dude, did you see that piece of ass that just walked in with Shayne? Damn. How does someone like him get all that pu**y?"

My brother had come back from waiting tables at my mother's diner to talk about a chick. It wasn't anything out of the norm, considering he did it every single time we worked together. Usually, it was a girl that was so young I'd go to jail for just checking her out.

To make his little ass shut up, I looked through the slim opening and scanned the tables for Shayne.

He wasn't related to us, but was to our cousin Ford, on his mother's side. Ford, my cousin, and Shayne were close until he'd kept a lie that cost them their friendship. Still, their relationship was always better than ours, seeing that Ford and I did nothing but compete with each other since the day we were born.

I spotted Shayne and the girl sitting across from him. She was blonde, had her hair back in a ponytail, and was all smiles. I'd never been interested in having relationships, other than the kind that last a couple hours and require no clothes, albeit I wasn't the only guy around that lived that way. I knew for a fact that Shayne got around and he wasn't the type of guy to keep it a secret.

My brother Jamey nudged me again. "You see her?"

"Yeah," I nodded, "she's cute."

"I'd hit that shit, for sure." He said while still staring at her.

I rang the bell and sat an order up for my mother to serve. "Bro, she's out of your league. Not only is she clearly older than you, but also she's with Shayne. Her pu**y is probably all used up."

"Dude, I'd cover my shit up. Don't tell me you wouldn't hit that shit. Wait until she stands up and you see her ass."

I pretended to ignore him, hoping he'd walk away and let me do my job. Helping my mom out was getting old, especially since I'd landed a great position at the Country Club.

Finally, my brother Jamey walked away. Not that it mattered, because my shift was officially over when I saw my relief putting on his apron. I filled my last order, rang the bell and nodded as we passed by each other.

Since he'd been working for my mom for years, me being there and being a certified chef seemed to rub him the wrong way, like I was going to take his job or something. He didn't get that I had bigger plans than to run my mother's little diner for the rest of my life. I'd saved up since I'd been working, helped my mom pay for my school and invested the rest to someday open my own restaurant, where I could build a unique menu that I'd created.

I kept my baseball cap and apron on as I headed to the bathroom. I usually kept clean clothes in a plastic bag, so I didn't have to smell like bacon when I left work. When I was almost to the door of the restroom, she was headed my way, the girl with the perfect ass.

My brother had been right. I gave her a nod and checked out every inch as she walked past me, smelling like candy and fresh shampoo. Most men wouldn't notice certain smells, but after being trained in taste and smell, I enjoyed it. I closed my eyes and took in her lingering scent before leaving the area.

By the time I'd changed, she and Shayne had left. I saw them pulling out of the parking lot. The sight of her was memorized as I said my goodbyes and headed to the gym, where a workout was the last thing on my mind.

I'd been going to this same gym for a couple of months, especially after I discovered that my new personal trainer had a few noticeable tricks up her sleeve. Sure, she was professional at first, but it didn't take long for me to get my hands in that honey pot.

Porsche Roth wasn't ever considered low class. Her parents owned a chain of fitness centers. After gaining a bachelor's in medical science, she fell back to being both a trainer and nutritionist. Her love for health granted her a body without flaws and her drive for success made for a kickass time in the bedroom, not that we'd ever actually made it to a bed.

Just one look from Porsche and we were ducking in corners to find a place to f**k. My motives were clear and outside of our little game, nothing was ever expected. That's how I wanted it. Still, I'd often find myself craving her pu**y, and wanting to fill her with my fat cock.

This trip was like all the others before it. Working out and getting all sweaty was her foreplay. The brunette knew how to push my buttons and rowel me up. Her blue eyes stalked me while she pretended to be interested in my routine. Every flex of my muscles turned her on and I knew if I wanted to, I could f**k her in a room full of people. Hell, she'd probably get off on it and so would I. Sex was, and always would be, a game to me.

I needed it to get by, but the pleasure and satisfaction derived from it was more than enough to never want any type of monogamous commitment. Why would anyone want that, when they could have whatever they desired without a relationship?

I'd been working on my biceps for a few sets before she straddled the bench directly in front of me. "I dreamed about you last night." I kept curling the dumb bell.

"Were we naked?"

She gave me an ornery smile while dragging her teeth over her bottom lip. "Why don't you meet me in the ladies room sauna and I'll tell you all about it?"

I sat down the weights and wiped the sweat away from my eyes. "I like a woman who knows what she wants."

She leaned in close to my ear, preventing others that were walking by to hear us. "I don't just know what I want. I get to have it, too." Abruptly, she turned and started heading toward the female locker room.

Perhaps I should have waited, or made sure I wasn't walking in on anyone, not that I'd ever be against seeing a beautiful woman naked. The more the merrier. A beautiful woman should be proud of what she has to offer. Women were put on this planet to mate with us men. Their bodies were created to entice and satiate us. I was grateful and eager to sample whenever the offer was made.

Of course, I'd become picky, selecting the finest for my little circle of "friends". These selected women knew what they were there for and they knew when the fun was over that I'd get up and leave. They expected nothing else, but to be satisfied.

I found Porsche in the sauna. She was adding more rocks and water to get it steamy. After I'd entered, I locked the door and began pulling off my shirt. She looked right into my eyes as she removed my shorts and freed my already hardening cock. I watched her tongue sliding across her lips when she saw it there and pushed me down on the wooden bench to sit.

I kept my focus on the way her increasing sweat made her skin glow in the dim light. She ran her hands over her exposed abdomen and her fingers underneath her sports bra, pushing it over her silver-dollar ni**les. They were already hard, waiting to be sucked on, but she still had her bottoms to take off and I wasn't in a hurry to go anywhere else. She bent over sticking that ass right in my face as her tight shorts shimmied down her legs. Her pretty pink pu**y was there, already begging for attention. I waited until she'd kicked off her shorts to pull her into my body. Her sweaty ass slapped against my thighs as I reached around and cupped both of her br**sts. My fingers glided over her ni**les, making sure they were hard and suckable.

"Climb up on that ledge, spread those legs and stick up that ass so I can f**k you." It wasn't a request.

She knew what we were doing. Porsche did as she was told. I watched her walk over to the ledge seat and get on her knees facing the wall. Her supple ass stuck up in the air, begging for attention. My dick was hard, throbbing and ready to go. Like every time, I reached down in my shorts and pulled out a rubber. I liked pu**y as much as any other man, but never enough to allow myself to catch something from it. It was one of my NAN rules.

No strings.

Always protected.

No feelings...ever!

I lived by those rules; the ones that allowed me to live vicariously. I enjoyed everyday and did what I wanted. I answered to no one and that's how I intended to keep things. Screw relationships and all the drama that came with them. To me, they were a waste of precious time.

With my dick wrapped, I positioned myself behind Porsche and grabbed both of her ass cheeks. She moaned as I ran my hands up and down her sweaty skin. I leaned forward more, lapping up the taste of her salty back. Sweat rolled down my face and had begun to burn my eyes. I closed them as my c**k found its natural way to her pu**y.

There was no need for foreplay, not when all she wanted was to be f**ked. I drove inside of her, noticing how wet she was already. She cried out more as I continued pounding her, each time harder than the last. Her skin was so slippery but I managed to hold onto her shoulders.

I closed my eyes to alleviate the burning and one thing popped into my mind as I felt myself starting to cum. I thought of that chick at the diner; the one with Shayne that had the fine ass. I filled the rubber with my load as I envisioned f**king Shayne's girlfriend. When I opened my eyes I knew I was back in the sweatbox with Porsche, but she wasn't the woman who'd just made me blow my load so quickly. It was the blonde from the diner; the one girl I'd probably never get to f**k. Yet, I couldn't stop thinking about her, imagining Porsche as her.

The sauna had become irritably hot and the only thing I wanted to do was open the door and breathe in the fresh, cool air. Porsche didn't like that I was grabbing my clothes. "What's the matter, baby? You can't take a little heat?"

I kissed her on the cheek, realizing that we'd never even kissed on the mouth this whole experience. She held my head still by holding a chunk of my hair. Her wet tongue drug over my lips and she moaned. "I need to get home and take a shower. I'll see you in a couple days."

She leaned back against the bench and smiled, while running one of her hands between her naked tits. "You know where to find me."

I gave her a nod before walking out.

The brisk air hit me right away, alleviating the throbbing that had been taking place in my head. I finished dressing and headed out, eager to feel a nice shower over my tired body.

The thing was, as I climbed on my motorcycle and even began driving, I thought about that pretty blonde. If I were ever given the chance, I'd show her what it was like to be with a real man. I wouldn't even have to lie about my intentions. She'd known right away what I wanted and that it was going to blow her mind.

Chapter 2

As the months went by, I stuck to my normal schedule. Some would call it redundant, but I had other ways of describing it. Aside from my bouts with Porsche, each Wednesday was my weekly massage. Candace, my personal masseuse knew exactly how to rub me down. It didn't hurt that she did it from her house and in the nude.

I pulled in her driveway and popped in a mint before walking to her front door. After two knocks, I walked in and headed toward the back. The dim lit room was always the same, smelling of fruit and set up for my arrival. I could hear her in the bathroom, so I decided to get comfortable on the table and wait.

"I'll be out in a minute," She called.

"I'll be here waitin'." I took off my jacket and then the rest of my clothes and climbed on the massage table.

We always started with me lying on my stomach and when she came out, I was already positioned and comfortable. She wasted no time, touching my back. I could feel her tits brushing my skin as she moved. "You feel tense."

"I'm sure you can make it all better."

She let out a little laugh, but kept rubbing me in all the right spots. "I aim to please, Joey."

She worked her magic on all of my sore muscles across my back. Aside from the extras she offered me, she really did know how to make my back feel better. I didn't know if I was the only man she gave special treatments to. It wasn't like I ever paid for them. She'd made the first move and I didn't resist.

I never would.

"How was your week?" She asked as she got down to my ass.

"Same as always. I'm thinkin' about gettin' my own place."

I'd gone to high school with Candace, so I knew she'd get a kick of me finally moving away from my mother.

"Seriously? I never thought I'd see that day. If your momma had it her way, she'd keep you home forever."

"Nah. She ain't that bad. She knew all along that I was waitin' to be in a good position."

Candace squeezed my ass, massaging the gluts with her thumbs. "So does that mean I could come to you?"

I turned over and let her see how hard I was already becoming. She was wearing the thinnest robe, hung open with nothing underneath. "If you came to my place, you wouldn't have to work. We could skip this foreplay and just f**k. I know that's what you want."

I could see it in her brown eyes that she liked the idea. "So what if it is? You know you never complain." She twirled her blonde hair around and sucked on her bottom lip, looking down at my c**k the whole time. "You'd still need a weekly session."

"That could be arranged." I grabbed her with my right hand and pulled her close to me, so I could run my hands up and play with her tits. She ran her hands down my abdomen and leaned over to kiss me. When she had a hand full of me, I leaned up and kissed her. She began to pull away, but I grabbed her hair and yanked her back down for another kiss. "I wasn't done."

As our kisses became more aggressive, Candace climbed on top of me, losing the robe and giving me free reign over her body. She picked up one of her supple tits and licked at the nipple. Then she leaned forward and licked it at the same time as me. Our tongues brushed and ended up mingling together again.

Candace kept her skin smooth and her pu**y bare. She always smelled nice and tasted just as good. We'd played this game so many times that there was nothing left to discover. She wasn't like Porsche, who wanted to be f**ked in different places in hopes of being caught. Candace was in it for herself. She wanted to be pleasured and knew I was capable of making it happen.

She pulled away from my mouth and sat up straight. I caught a giggle before she climbed up and teased my face with her pu**y. With it only being about six inches away, I could smell her natural essence and my dick began to throb. "You want this pu**y, don't you?"

I grabbed her ass and shoved her cunt into my face. My lips quickly sucked in her labia and continued doing so. She tried to adjust to prepare for how good it felt to her, but I wasn't even halfway finished with what I was doing. She tasted musky and her essence alone could probably get me off. I loved watching as I licked at her little clit and witnessed her reacting to it.

Candace began to start moving her body against my face, to the point where I closed my mouth and let my stubble do all the work. I didn't know how it felt exactly, but she really liked it. The harder she rubbed her sweet cunt against my face, the more she cried out. I reached up and pinched both of her ni**les, so hard that I was afraid she was in pain.

She bucked more.

My chin moved around in a circular motion until I felt her beginning to lose control. She purred and slid down my body before licking at my chin. "Mmm. It would be great to do this twice a week, don't you think?"

"Sure." I couldn't make her any promises. My plate was already full with enough pu**y to keep me satisfied. The last thing I wanted was to be expected to perform. I f**ked when I wanted to, not when someone else did. It wasn't about a booty call, but more of a set schedule for me. In fact, my whole life was exactly how I wanted it to be. There was nothing standing in the way of what I wanted. "We'll have to see what happens. I'm hopin' to get into this place in Italy. If that happens, you're goin' to have to find yourself a new favorite client."

Candace scooted down and took ahold of my dick. "You can't be replaced."

I laughed out loud at her comment, getting off on hearing what I already knew about myself. It wasn't a secret that I took pride in giving as much as receiving. The women liked my arrangement, because they too benefited from it.

The moment her thick lips surrounded my cock, I closed my eyes, once again focusing on the blonde at the diner. As strange as it was, I pictured her sucking on my dick and getting off on it. I didn't know who she was. There was no name to her face, but yet she was still on my mind after a few days had passed. It was strange and interesting at the same time.

Two hours after arriving at Candace's house, I was leaving a very relaxed man. We'd f**ked for nearly an hour before resting and finishing up on my massage. Once Candace got what she wanted, she was happy to oblige in anything I desired.

When I arrived home, my mother was there, preparing dinner, as if she hadn't already been cooking all day. "Bout time you got here. I was thinkin' we'd be eatin' without you tonight."

I looked at the clock and realized that I was late from the norm, knowing my reasoning was well worth it. "Sorry."

"Don't you say sorry. Get your brother and sit down at the table."

I did what she told me, like I always had. My mother wasn't one to be messed with. She liked things a certain way and hated when they didn't go as planned. I was like her in that aspect, wanting things my way, or not at all.

We sat there, quietly eating until my mother started talking about a place to rent. Then my attention was right where she wanted it to be.

"So, as I was sayin', Ford's got a nice place with that new girlfriend of his. It's a big house split into two. When I went there this mornin' with your aunt, I saw the landlord putting a sign in the window. I think you should check it out."

I took a bite of vegetables, still wondering how hers always tasted better than mine. "You tryin' to get rid of me?"

Jamey started laughing.

"No. You're welcome here whenever you want. I just know you're itchin' to get out of here. The place is nice and the price is good. Plus, You'd be with your cousin."

"Mom, I hate to break this to you, but I don't hang out with Ford."

She shook her head at me. "Maybe, if you hung out with them, you could find a nice girl to settle down with."

"I don't feel like settlin' down. We've been through this. I'm not the type of man that finds a woman and gets married, Momma. It's not in my nature."

She stood up and abruptly scooted her plate away from the edge. "Bullshit! I didn't raise you to be that way."

"You raised me to go after what I want. Havin' a woman would complicate that. I've got plans."

She turned around and started washing the dishes. "Whatever, Joey. One day you're goin' to get tired of bein' alone. Don't come back home to me because you couldn't ever commit. I'm done raisin' you two boys. It's time for me to start enjoyin' my life."

Jamey continued laughing as if he was any better than me.

I walked up to my mom and wrapped my arms around her waist. "If you think it's a good place, I'll go check it out. I ain't promisin' anything and I sure ain't plannin' on settlin' down."

She sighed and turned around, grabbing me by the chin. "Is it so bad for me to want grandchildren some day?"

The thought of having children made my stomach curl. Kids were the last thing that I wanted in my life. "No, but I'm pretty certain Jamey will have no problem givin' you that."

"Screw you!" My brother got up, handed my mother his plate and walked out of the room.

I laughed and leaned against the counter.

"It's goin' to be nice not havin' to hear this shit every night."

I grabbed the towel and started drying the dishes as she washed them. "You're goin' to miss it. Quit your lyin'."

She nudged me with her hip and laughed. "If I do miss you, I'll come stay at your place."

I shook my head imagining her cramping my style. "I reckon I need to check out the place before you keep makin' assumptions."

"I'll call your cousin and set it up."

"No!" I turned to her. "Don't call Ford. I'll tell him when or if I get the place. I don't want him havin' anything to do with my decision. It ain't his concern and I need to make sure the walls are thick enough so that I don't have to hear when things go wrong in his relationship."

She laughed. "Or when they're goin' right."

"That's wrong." I put a cup away and laughed.

"Boy, don't even act like you're a saint. I do your laundry, remember? I see what you leave in your socks and pockets. I would have thought that after all these years you'd learn to throw the wrappers away, instead of puttin' them back in your pockets."

"Stop lookin'. You realize I'm a grown man, right? I can do what I want without you're judgment." I wasn't being defensive, but simply proving a point.

"I will always have the authority to look after my sons. I don't care if you're sixty years old. You'll always be my responsibility, you hear?"

"Yeah, momma. I hear you. I just know that there are some things you don't want to know. Sometimes it's best to not look for answers."

She turned and faced me again. "This is why you need your own place. You want privacy, don't ya?"

I leaned over and kissed her forehead. "I'll look into it. Thanks for dinner."

It was easier to walk away than hear her go on and on about me settling down. It wasn't going to happen and there was nothing she could threaten me with to make me change my mind.

Chapter 3

After making a couple of calls, I'd found the location where the place was for rent, without having to call my cousin. If I would have mentioned that I was interested, he would have done whatever he could to keep me away.

My mom drove her car, but I insisted on meeting her there, on account of driving my motorcycle to work. She hated the idea of me having the thing, but I liked the power between my legs, especially when I had a chick on the back.

The place was perfect for what I wanted. The kitchen was a bit narrow, but had plenty of counter space for me to work, while the bathroom and bedrooms offered plenty of room for all my shit.

Knowing how much my mother was itching for me to get out on my own, so she said, I gave the landlord the first month's rent and he handed me the keys right then and there. It didn't hurt that I told him I was related to the tenants next to me. We filled out a temporary lease until he could get one officially drawn up.

Since the place was technically mine, we spent the next hour cleaning up from what the last tenants had left when they vacated. Thankfully, they'd left plenty of trash bags and cleaning supplies.

My mother took out the last bag of trash and came in to say she was leaving. "Before you go, I think it's a good idea to tell your cousin you're movin' in. I'm real proud of you, son."

I hugged her. "Thanks. What happens if I have a bad dream?" I pretended to act like a child.

"You get a roommate or a girlfriend. Figure it out."

She left shortly after that, leaving me there alone. I looked around the apartment and found that the bedroom had started to be painted, but was never finished. I grabbed the can and roller and got to work, eager to move my things in. During a smoke break, I caught a glimpse of someone familiar through the window at my cousin's place. I didn't see Shayne's car, and didn't think he'd be around, since he and Ford were having some kind of problem with each other.

It was my chance to put a name to the face and let my cousin know that we were going to be neighbors.

I took a couple breaths before barging right in, tossing my keys down and wedging my body against the sexy blonde on the couch. "Thanks for the invite, cuz."

"I didn't invite you, Joey!" From the look on my cousin's face, I could tell he was wondering why the hell I was in his house.

I figured that coming out and telling him I was moving in would be too forward. I needed to warm up to him first, so the shock of the truth would be worth my while. "Mom told me to stop by and see if you needed any furniture. She said she's gettin' rid of some shit and wanted you to have first dibs."

I looked back at the blonde and brushed her cheek with the back of my hand. Her skin was smooth and she smelled the way I remembered. "So where were we?"

"We weren't anywhere!" She got all defensive, as I expected her to act. It was cute and her voice was sexy too.

I was going to like playing with this one. "Not yet!"

Ford warned me as he walked into the kitchen. "Leave it be, Joey. She doesn't want what you're offerin'."

I kept staring at the chick, making sure she knew I was f**king her with my eyes. "I think we should let her make that decision."

Her eyes were blue and unlike the last time I'd seen her with a ponytail, she had her hair half pulled back. In her ear was a nice pair of diamond studs that were small enough to make me think they were real. Her fingernails were perfectly manicured, letting me know that she pampered herself often. Even though I wasn't getting a smile, I had noticed her perfect white teeth, like she'd had braces or just been born that lucky.

Sky got up off the couch. "Ignore your cousin. He's being a terrible host. Would you like a beer?"

My eyes stayed fixed on the girl. "Yeah."

She folded her arms over her chest. "Staring isn't going to get you anywhere near my underwear."

While noticing that my cousin and his lady were still in the kitchen, I took advantage of being alone. "You can keep your panties in your dresser. There's no reason to wear them around me."

Her eyes got humongous and then she actually laughed. "Are you serious? That's the best you can do?"

Ford walked into the room with two bottles, handing us both one. "Give up, Joey. Lacey ain't interested. She just broke up with Shayne."

I stared at my cousin for a few seconds. Her name was Lacey. I liked that name and how it was going to roll off my tongue when I got her into my bed. "Shayne? Your cousin on your mom's side?" I had to play stupid or else she might know that I'd been at the diner. "You were with that player?"

"Unfortunately!" She looked away, like being with him wasn't what she thought it would be.

I couldn't help myself. This was my opportunity to let her know where we stood. "Shit, you let me know when you want to experience what a real man can do to you. I don't need to wear a pair of red lifeguard shorts to get pu**y, that's for sure." She wasn't amused by me thinking that I was able to bang anyone I wanted, including her, even if she didn't know it yet.

Sky came back in and sat down. "Be nice, Joey. She cared about Shayne."

"Aunt Viv could have called me. Why are you really here?" Ford was already tired of me and he didn't know we were going to be neighbors. I couldn't wait to see his face.

"Your dad mentioned the place next door is for rent. I was thinkin' about gettin' my own place. In fact, I just came from checkin' it out and meetin' with the landlord. I just stopped by to meet my new neighbors." I looked at Lacey and winked. "And their sexy ass friends."

Ford reached over and punched me in the arm. "Are you f**kin' kiddin' me? You're movin' in next door?"

I laughed and could tell he was more excited than he'd ever admit. "As early as tomorrow. You goin' to sit around mopin' or help me move my shit in?"

"Are you two even friends?" Lacey asked.

I looked to Ford and shrugged.

"We're family!" Ford's description made me crack up.

I had to clear the air so she didn't think I was the black sheep of the family. "We like to compete, but we're cool."

Sky grabbed the remote and turned down the volume. "I think it will be fun."

Ford just shook his head. He leaned back on the couch and held his beer out to tap it against mine. "Welcome to the neighborhood, bro!"

"That's what I'm talkin' about!" I was cool drinking to that and knowing that Shayne had f**ked up with Lacey. I had free reign and planned on taking advantage of the situation. "Hey Sky, so do all your friends look like this one?"

She didn't like my comment, but I enjoyed getting her rowed up.

"You're not going to give up are you?" Sky was the only person besides me that was amused.

Lacey was getting defensive, even in the way she held her body. "I'm not a f**king trophy, you know!"

"Yeah you are. You just don't know it yet." I couldn't help but lean close to her ear. She smelled so good that I let my skin barely touch hers. "Give me one night."

She tightened her face. "Get a life!"

"Your loss!"

I finished my beer before deciding to leave so I didn't push her buttons too much. I wanted her worked up, but not enough to blow my chance. This one was going to be a challenge and I was going to enjoy every moment of it. "Stay away from that one. You think Shayne's bad, well, he's worse!"

When I walked out the door, I stood there, leaning my head on it to hear what they were saying. I couldn't help but laugh when I heard my cousin warning her.

"Don't worry about that. There's no way I'd ever be with someone like him."

She was wrong about that. I'd have her begging soon enough and when I was done, she wouldn't even remember Shayne, or what any kind of relationship with him could ever offer her.

Since I still had a bunch to do, I went back into the apartment, cleaning up the paint and bagging the rest of the trash up. The entire time I was focused on Lacey and the way she smelled. Her tits were so perky and I couldn't wait to see them. I knew her ni**les would be a treat to suck on.

My dick started to get hard and I knew I needed another smoke break. Time had passed, but it felt like I'd just left the apartment. I grabbed the bag of trash and headed outside.

There she was, walking out toward her car. It was cold and she wasn't wearing a jacket. "You leavin' already?"

"I'm getting my bag, if you must know." Her immediate annoyance was apparent, but it only fueled my fire.

As she was reaching her car, I walked up beside her. She grabbed her bag quickly, probably trying to get away from me. I couldn't have that, so I knew I had to say something to get her attention. "I knew your ass was goin' to be sexy."

She turned around, looking even more pissed off. "Will you please stop? Sky is my best friend and I like coming to see her. I really don't feel like having to go through this bullshit every time I come for a visit."

"I don't bullshit. I tell it like it is. Always have and always will. Soon enough, you'll know why." Hell, I would have taken her in my apartment, if it had furniture. She was too pretty to be f**ked on the floor. This chick needed to be pampered by a real man.

After tossing my smoke out on the road, I walked toward her. She kept backing up, seemingly afraid to turn around like I was going to attack her. "You're ridiculous! It's not going to happen."

I attempted to grab her arm, but she pushed me away. "Don't touch me! I don't know where your hands have been."

I folded my arms over my chest and laughed at her. "It don't matter where they've been. All that matters is where they will be. Just give it some time to sink in. I guarantee I'll have you screamin' my name. They always do."

"You are gross. I'm not some whore that will just jump into bed with a stranger. I have morals and can promise you that," She flipped her arms all around between us, "We will never happen."

It was rude of me to keep laughing, but she didn't have a clue. "I don't f**k, whores. I f**k beautiful women cause they ask me to f**k them. Keep playing hard to get. I love the challenge."

When she huffed back into the apartment, I stood outside, still amused by our confrontation. Even if she was pissed, she'd still be picturing me while lying alone in that bed.

It was a perfect start.

Chapter 4

It was late and I was tired. Knowing I had time after work the next day, I decided to head home. I started my bike and put on my helmet while it was warming up. Pretty soon, I wouldn't be able to ride it, on account of it being too cold. It was a shame because I saved a hell of a lot of money on gas.

As I began to pull out of the driveway, I spotted a petite blonde trying her best to hide from me. I didn't know why she was outside again and had to wonder if she'd come looking for me already.

I turned off the engine and approached her. "What are you doin' outside this late? Did you come out here to find me?"

She stood there, shocked that I'd gotten off of my motorcycle. The closer I got to her the more I wanted to touch her and be close enough to smell her intoxicating fragrance. I pinned her up against the house.

She tried to squirm away. "Please leave me alone. I didn't come out here for you!"

"Why then? It's nearly midnight."

"They are a little loud. I figured I'd wait it out!" I had to laugh, imagining the things that Ford was getting in to.

"How about I give you a ride while you're waitin'?" In other words, I wanted her to wrap her arms around me and knew it was the easiest way for it to happen.

She smacked me hard on the chest. "Fuck off!"

"Doll, I wasn't talkin' about f**kin' you. When it happens, and it will be happenin', I won't be the one askin' for it. Now, do you want a ride or not? You can wear my helmet."

I motioned toward my bike, hoping she'd bite on the offer to get away. The longer I was around this woman, the more I wanted from her. She was damn near perfect.

As a matter of fact, she was mouthwatering. "I think that being that close to you is a bad idea."

Did she really think that I was going to take no for an answer? This woman had a lot to learn when it came to me. "You scared of a motorcycle, or are you scared of wrappin' those arms around me and feelin' somethin'?"

She crossed her arms and seemed more irritated. "You're a pig. I'm not scared of anything!"

I was determined that her ass was getting on my bike. "It's one f**kin' ride. Instead of bein' bit up by mosquitos, why don't you ride with me. I promise I won't bite, unless you ask me to, of course. Besides, Ford would kick my ass if I hurt his woman's B.F.F."

She rolled her eyes but took the helmet from me. I was surprised and eager to keep moving with my plan, to lure her into my bed. "One ride?"

"I won't even touch you." That would come later. She may not have known it yet, but it would happen.

I could tell she was regretting the fact that she'd agreed. She stood there, like she was looking for a place to run and hide from me. I liked knowing I was getting to her.

She shook her head. "This is a really bad idea! Maybe I should just drive home."

"You afraid you'll enjoy yourself?"

She put her hands on her hips and raised her brow, like there was no way I could get to her. "No! I'm afraid I won't!"

I had her right where I wanted her and knew she was fighting a losing battle. Without regard for her possibly changing her mind, I climbed on my bike. "I'm pullin' out of this driveway in the next ten seconds. Whether you climb on this bike or not is up to you."

She stood there and I knew I had to give her a push, so I started backing out of the driveway, like I didn't care either way.

She started following me and unexpectedly climbed on behind me. Since I didn't feel her hands yet, I figured I'd give her a warning. "Hold on tight, woman. This is goin' to be a ride you're never goin' to forget!"

I drove for a few miles before I felt her head leaning into my back. The air was cold against my face, but I felt confidant that she wouldn't have gotten on my motorcycle without my helmet. I liked her hands being across my chest and the warmth that was there between us.

I'd had plenty of women on my bike, but none that I had to coax on. This girl was going to be different. Things were changing in my life. I was about to move into a place of my own. The rules had changed. I could have any woman I wanted come over and not have to hear shit about it. Knowing that made me positive that once I got this girl out of my system, I'd still keep with my weekly schedule. I, for one, didn't want drama and this chick was full of it.

When my face was literally stinging, I stopped at a gas station. She let go of me immediately, like I was giving her the plague. I had to keep my cool, so she didn't jump off and try to hitchhike her way home. "You want somethin' to drink?"

"A water would be nice." She smiled, but offered nothing more that would lead me to believe that she was happy to be out with me. In fact, I was pretty certain that as I walked away, she was kicking herself for going through with it.

Because she was so different from the other women I messed around with, I knew I had to have a better approach. She wasn't going to be begging me to be with her and that posed a huge challenge for me, because I NEVER begged for pu**y.

After purchasing two bottles of water, I walked out and handed one to Lacey. "You havin' fun?"

She looked down at the ground. "It's alright."

I smiled, feeling like she was having a better time than she was admitting to. "Yeah, you keep tellin' yourself that when I know you're goin' to be thinkin' about me later."

My comment got her blood pumping. She gave me this crazy look and tightened her bottom lip. Her eyebrow raised and for a second I swore she was going to smack me. "Do you always act like this?"

"Like what?" I laughed, knowing I was being an ass**le.

"Like you can have anything you want."

I couldn't stop being amused by her. "Woman, I can have whatever I want, because I don't stop until it's mine. Most people don't have a set of these to push them along." I took a hand full of my balls and shocked the shit out of her.

She pointed to my cock. "You think they give you the ability to be a dick and still get play? You've got to be joking. The only thing I can see coming out of that is a low kick to that precious area of yours."

I wanted to keep up the bantering, because I knew I was getting under her skin, but I also didn't want to push it, so I placed the helmet back on her head, kindly. "It's goin' to happen."

"Fat chance," She mumbled as I climbed back on the bike in front of her.

From the moment I took off again, I knew she was behind me plotting a million ways to forget that we'd ever met. The great thing about that was knowing she'd be thinking about it all night. While I was sleeping soundly, dreaming of f**king her, she'd be wide-awake, unable to sleep because she was so irritated. In my experience, the fastest way to get a reluctant woman into bed was to taunt her until she gave in.

I let her climb off the bike before me, so I could secure it.

Lacey motioned toward the dark apartment. "Are you planning on sleeping on the floor?"

I turned to answer her and her hands slammed into my chest. I knew she didn't mean it, but I wasn't complaining to have been put in this type of situation. I knew I had to do something right, to keep her curious and in the game, so I leaned over and gently kissed her on the cheek.

She was shocked, that I could tell. I was getting hard, just being this close to her. "Thanks for the company. See you around, gorgeous." I walked back to my bike and got it started up, while watching her walk back into my cousin's place. She turned around once before entering my apartment and under my helmet I knew I had a shit-eating grin. It had only been one night and I was already having an affect on her. In the weeks to come, I knew I was going to get what I wanted. I just needed to be patient and wait for it to happen. Pushing that little delicate flower into sex would make her less likely to enjoy it and I always left my women happy and wanting more.

After a good night's sleep, I woke feeling refreshed. Lacey was still on my mind, but I had decisions to make and lots to get done. My early shift at the Country Club was usually the best time for me to work, but it felt like it was dragging. By the time I was off, I headed to my mother's and started packing up as much of my things as I could. Deciding to invest in some nice furniture, I headed out to look for what I would like. Jamey came with me, claiming he had nothing else better to do.

We'd no sooner gotten into the car when I felt like I wanted to brag about meeting Lacey. "Hey, remember that chick Shayne came into the diner with a while back?"

"Yeah, did she come in again?"

"She's Ford's girlfriend's best friend. I hung out with her last night and she and Shayne ain't together anymore."

He looked over at me. "Tell me you banged that fine piece of ass."

"Not yet."

He punched me in the arm. "Dude, you better give me details. I bet her tits taste like cotton candy." He started pretended to be sucking on them in the seat next to me.

I scrunched up my face and shook my head. "Bro, you've got serious problems."

"Don't hate the player, hate the game."

"You're hopeless, you know that? If you put half of your sex drive into school, you'd have what I have. Get your damn mind out of the gutter and make something of yourself. It ain't just going to happen for you."

Jamey looked out the window. "If it's not mom, it's you. Get off my back about it. I don't know what I want yet."

"Mom told me you're seein' someone. When did you start having girlfriends that you bring home?"

"Just because you have a black heart doesn't mean that everyone else feels that way. Besides, it's not like it will last forever. I'm young and things change."

"Maybe for you. I like my life and there ain't nothin' that's goin' to make me believe that havin' a relationship is a good thing. It's nonsense if you ask me. Being with one woman? I can't do it."

"Dude, when you're old and your balls are down to your knees, your options will be different. How many saggy tit women are you goin' to want to see? I think one's enough. I plan on findin' one I really like, so when her tits sag, she'll be trained to just bend over."

We both started laughing. "You're demented."

"No, bro, that's smart."

I pulled into the furniture store taking little of what my brother said to heart. It was cool that he was happy with seeing a girl. If that's what he wanted to do, I couldn't stop him. I knew my lifestyle wasn't for everyone, but it suited me just fine.

At the end of the day, it was my life and my decision.

Chapter 5

Moving in was easy, especially with all new furnishings. Living on my own was the difficult part. I'd relied on my mother so much that I didn't take into consideration how much she'd always done for me and my brother. Take laundry for instance. I'd never washed clothes in my life. She enjoyed hearing me ask her to come show me how to do it. I probably could have figured it out, but was hoping for some company.

To bide my time on the weekends, I taunted Lacey as soon as she would arrive to hang out with her friend. It didn't matter the mood or weather, she'd always shut me down, so I made it a point to start hanging out with them.

Ford caught on after the second weekend. He came over knocking on my door as I was about to head to his. "What's up, man?"

"Sky sent me down here. She wants to know what you're up to."

I leaned against my couch and crossed my arms. "I'm just havin' fun. No harm no foul."

Ford put his hands up. "Look, I don't care who you f**k, but don't play around with Lacey. I don't feel like hearing Sky bitch to me about it. Lacey's a nice girl and Shayne's got her all f**ked up in the head."

"That ain't my problem. Lacey's a grown woman. If she wants to come to me for a good time, who would I be if I turned her away."

He pointed at me. "You're tauntin' her and you know it."

"She likes me. I can't help that." I laughed at my comment, counting in my head all of the times that she'd turned me down. Liking me at this point wasn't exactly how Lacey would probably describe her feelings.

"Look, I don't care if you're friends, not that I believe you for a second. Don't take it to another level with her."

I put my hand on my cousin's shoulder. "I'll try my best to behave, but my dick usually gets what it wants. I can't stop it."

He shook his head at my joke and started walking away. "When my girlfriend comes over here and cuts off your dick, don't come cryin' to me. You want that pu**y that bad, then you need to show Sky you ain't a total man whore, even if you still are." He adjusted his hat and walked out the door.

I followed behind him. "She's got you wrapped. I warned you, man."

"Fuck you, Joey. I happen to care for my girl and want her to be as happy as I am. You're just jealous that you ain't ever felt what it's like before. Maybe you should start making decisions with your mind instead of your dick. It's probably goin' to fall off soon anyway."

Deciding that walking inside of their place would only make Sky want to punch me more, I went back into my apartment and closed the door.

After watching an entire basketball game, I went outside for a smoke. Lacey was walking around in the grass on her phone. She was talking to someone that she must not have liked, because she looked pissed. I just stood there watching her, until she noticed me.

Her call ended and she came walking over. "Don't even say anything, Joey. I'm having a horrible day."

I didn't even look her way. "I can make it better."

She scrunched up her face and gave me that famous evil look before walking back into her friend's.

I finished my cigarette and went back inside my place.

The next morning, I had to go into the diner. When I pulled up out back, before the sun had even come up, I saw my brother's car parked in the far corner. One overhead light shined down over it, and the only thing I noticed was the fogged up windows. I knew what was going on and planned on making my appearance known.

It wasn't like they would have noticed me. Whoever he was in the car with was moaning up a storm. The car was wobbling all around, putting good use to the shocks. I walked right up and beat on the window.

The sounds stopped and so did their movements.

"Police! Come out with your hands in the air."

I heard my brother's voice first. "Be right out officer."

I could hardly hold in my laughter. "I said now, boy."

My brother opened up the rear car door on the passenger side. I happened to be standing on the driver's side. He turned around with his hands in the air in nothing but a pair of boxer briefs.

I hunched over and burst into a laughing fit. "You should have seen your face."

Jamey, leaned his head on the car. "You scared the shit out of me. I kept wonderin' why a cop would come back here."

I pointed inside of the car. "Who you got in there?"

Jamey seemed reluctant to share who the secret girl was that he'd been frolicking around with. "She's no one."

"Boy, she better be legal." I wasn't speaking about her ethnic origin. I was talking about her age. Jamey had hit on many girls that may not have even hit puberty.

"She is, I swear."

I pointed to the car again. "Well, why won't she come out? What are you hidin' from me? Start talkin' or I'll tell mom about your little parkin' spot."

He leaned in the car and said something to the girl. Slowly, I spotted a blonde, with her hair messed up, climbing out of the car. When she turned around, I knew exactly who she was and her age was the last thing on my mind. "Seriously? You're sleepin' with Peyton? Jamey, Shayne's goin' to kick your little ass."

Jamey began to laugh as he put his arm around her and took a drag of his cigarette. "I ain't scared of her brother, or her daddy. We're havin' fun, right baby?"

She looked at him and smiled. "Yeah, we are."

I recognized when two people were sexually aroused, and knew it was my opportunity to walk away, before things got even more awkward. Besides, the less I knew about them, the less it would be blamed on me when the shit hit the fan.

"I'm out of here. Put your clothes on and get goin'."

Peyton ducked back in the car and Jamey had the kind of look, like he knew I was going to give him shit once we were alone. I threw my hands up and started walking away.

The truth was, my brother was over eighteen and was old enough to make his own decisions. If he wanted to stir the pot with the family, it was his problem, not mine.

My shift went by quick, especially considering that we pretty busy. There was some bike event at the beach and since we were located on the way, everyone and their mother came in for breakfast.

Between Ford lecturing me, my brother tapping someone he shouldn't have, living on my own and the busy day at work, I needed a release. The gym was too busy on Sunday's and I couldn't call Candace, because she enjoyed her weekends off. I had one more option on my speed dial and her place was on the way to mine.

Summer Marks met me in Culinary School. We hit it off immediately and neither of us wanted anything to mess up our chance at success. After one night of drinks after a long day, I told her my arrangement that I had with a few other women. She seemed interested, so we went back to her place. Getting her into bed was easy, but I couldn't have anticipated how flexible the woman was. She could put both of her legs behind her head and hold them there without her hands. She was like a f**king carnival act and I was able to get a free show.

Summer greeted me at her door, like every time I'd stopped by to visit. Right away, I recognized the smell of her perfume. Her long black hair blew with the breeze as she caught a gust of the fall air. "Long time no see."

I walked in and took off my shoes in her foyer. Like me, she'd done well for herself, landing a job at a famous restaurant that served only the finest of foods.

"I've been busy." We kissed on the cheek and I followed her back to the kitchen. "I finally got my own place."

She poured me a glass of wine and took a sip of her own. "I guess that's a cause for celebration, considering that I made head chef."

"Wow, congratulations."

She snickered and sat down her glass, leaning over the counter to be closer to me. "Now, cut to the chase. Are we here to talk shop, or did you come here for something else?"

"You never were one to talk."

She walked around the counter and grabbed the collar of my shirt. "I was under the impression that's what you like about me."

We kissed hard on the lips and immediately began taking off each other's clothes. This was the part I got off on. I didn't need some kind of clingy relationship where I had to remind the chick how beautiful she was every five seconds. I wanted to get in and get out, without the bullshit that most women wanted.

In a matter of seconds, we were naked, on the cold ceramic tiled floor. I pulled Summer on my lap and caressed her neck with my lips. Her body smelled tantalizing and the more I kissed the more I wanted to feast on her sweet pu**y. It was easy to push her down and position myself between her legs. She leaned up on her elbows to watch me work my magic. Each lick to her folds made her throw her head back. I sucked, licked and flicked on her clit, causing her to spasm and yank at my hair. She cried out when her body finally calmed to a relaxed pose and then it was my turn. I reached in my pants and grabbed a rubber out of my wallet before positioning myself at the base of her saturated cunt.

She was ready for me as I took my first thrust and entered her. I could feel the warmth and juices surrounding my c**k as I worked in and out of her. She did that thing, where she grabbed her legs and put them back behind her head. Not only did it give me an ample view of my dick penetrating her, but it got me off watching her stretched hole as I moved out and then back in again.

I reached up, and squeezed her little tits, taking her ni**les in between my fingers. Her body arched as I began to f**k her harder. I came and felt the stress leaving my body. For the next couple of seconds the only thing I could feel was being satisfied.

Summer got up like nothing had happened between us. She stayed naked and left me sitting there on the floor. The chick wasn't like the others that I banged. She was all about the sex and when it was over, she wanted to act like it never happened. "Are you planning on having me over to your place anytime soon, Joey?"

I reached around her waist and hugged her naked body, placing my hands on he abdomen. "You should come over. We can cook dinner."

She turned around and started laughing. "Really, you want to cook with me?"

"Yeah. Why not?"

She pushed me away. "Because, you made the rules. You like what this is and so do I. Besides, I'm sort of seeing someone."

I backed away and raised an eyebrow. "See, this is why I won't ever let myself fall in love."

"It's not serious, but in time it could be. Stop getting all noble, Joey. You're a walking sex fiend."

I leaned on the counter and thought about what she'd said. I'd never been called out by someone I slept with. It was difficult to be labeled, even if it was what I wanted.

On the way home, I thought a lot about what she'd called me. Summer was the type of girl that I always thought would stay single. She took our arrangement serious and never once tried to make it more than it was. For her to want to settle down was hard to understand.

The second I thought about losing Summer made my mind go straight to Lacey. I wondered if she'd ever be willing to be the person that took Summer's place.

Why I couldn't get her out of my head was driving me crazy. I was going to have to get her into my bed soon, with or without Ford's blessing, and I'd have to make it perfect, so she'd keep coming back for more.

Chapter 6

I'd been living in my place for a while and still hadn't had a woman over. It was weird how I'd gotten so used to going to get pu**y that I didn't know if I wanted to have it in my own house.

My mom brought over my old bedroom set and put it in my spare room. I wasn't planning on inviting anyone to stay the night, but figured the room looked better with furniture.

Candace was the first woman that I invited over. From the time she walked in the door I realized how different it felt. She'd agreed to massage me, but I didn't like the vibe that she had when she came in and sat down. I was so used to showing up and knowing what to expect. It was hard seeing her waiting for me to communicate when I didn't want to. "So, you want somethin' to drink?"

She folded her hands in her lap and shrugged. "Yeah, water would be great."

When I got into the kitchen, I leaned over the counter and realized that I'd put myself in a terrible situation. Candace didn't come here professionally with a little action on the side. She'd come here thinking that I'd invited her because I wanted to take things to another level.

I came back out into the living room with a glass of water, but she wasn't there anymore. Instead, I heard her calling me from my bedroom. When I walked in, I found her sprawled across my bed. She was completely naked with her knees up and legs spread. "I figured I could make myself at home."

I stood there, in the doorway, clenching my jaw and analyzing the situation. Slowly, while keeping my eyes on the woman who'd begun touching herself on my bed, I undressed. She started backing up on the bed as I approached. After one rough kiss I picked her up and carried her to the guest room. She was so involved in our kisses to gather what I was doing until her ass hit the cushion. I pulled away, realizing I needed to grab a rubber. "I'll be right back."

I applied it and walked back in the room to find her sitting up. "How come we couldn't do it in that room?"

I had to come up with something fast, so as I drug my stubble over one of her ni**les, I explained. "It tends to get messy when we f**k and I like to keep my sheets clean."

She seemed satisfied with the explanation enough to grab my hair and pull me into another kiss. With one swift move she was flipping us around and squirming down between my legs. She started sucking on my dick, over the condom, not complaining of having the taste of rubber on her mouth. The harder she sucked the more I played with her hair and forgot about the awkwardness. Candace brought me to the brink and then scooted up again. She lifted one leg and grabbed ahold of my c**k again. I felt myself going inside of her as she sat back down on me. While holding her hips, I watched her massaging her br**sts and licking her own fingers. She reached down and started rubbing her clit while moving her body into a steady groove. I reached back and took a handful of her ass cheeks. I lifted her and then let her fall back down.

Candace leaned her head back as she started to orgasm. She lifted up and hopped over my face, shoving her pu**y down against my mouth. With one hand in my hair, she gripped and pulled. "Eat it again. Lick it clean."

I sucked on her cunt, lapping up her juices as she grinded it against my face. Her juices tasted musky and her pheromones turned me on more. I lifted her off of me to the side, and then flipped her over until her ass was up in the air. Her face smashed against the headboard, while I grabbed the top of it. I shoved myself back inside of her and used the headboard to thrust with all my might. The loud sounds of it crashing into the wall only fueled me more to rock inside of her harder. She wanted it and I was going give it to her.

Her little pu**y clenched my dick and I could tell she was cumming. She closed her eyes and screamed out, but I kept ramming into her. The more she cried, the more I liked it. I kept driving myself into her until I felt myself tightening up. Release came and I finally relaxed on the bed beside her.

We caught our breath before either of us could speak. Candace leaned up on her elbow and played with the skin on my chest. "That was different."

I patted her hand, making her stop. "Yeah." In fear of her wanting to cuddle or something, I sat up. I couldn't explain the things were running through my mind, but I knew I had to get her out of my place so I could figure things out alone.

I stood up and started walking toward my room to get dressed.

"Joey, where are you going?"

"I've got somethin' to do later. Sorry, I need to get dressed."

I was right about it being different and knew I never should have invited her over. It was a huge mistake. After getting completely dressed as if I did have plans, I saw Candace come into the room. She walked up and put her arms around me. "Are we cool?"

I looked down and kissed the top of her head. "Yeah. Sorry. I'll see you Wednesday for our usual appointment. This thing I have to do just slipped my mind."

Candace gathered her clothes and finally left a few minutes later. As soon as she was gone I felt like I could breathe again. I jumped in the shower and stood there letting the hot water fall over me. I couldn't believe that even the idea of having anything more with a woman had me so messed up. I punched the shower wall, feeling more frustrated with myself than ever before. I'd worked so damn hard to get to where I was. The last thing I needed was complications.

Then it hit me.

I knew just how to fix things.

Lacey was going to help me do it, without even knowing. I'd use her to get this phobia out of my system and then I'd be over it. It wasn't like she'd ever want to be with someone like me, so it was perfect. I'd be able to finally get her out of my system and get used to having someone over.

All I had to do was convince her that she wanted to spend time alone with me.

The following weekend, she showed up right as it was getting dark. I saw her pull in through my window, but knew she'd need coaxing. With some quick thinking, I tossed the remote back behind the couch where I knew I couldn't reach it. Sure, I could pick up the furniture and grab it with ease, but this would get her inside for sure.

"Lace, you think you could help me for a sec?"

The moment she looked over I saw something out of her that she'd never shown me.

She liked what she was seeing. It was one thing I hadn't planned, but being shirtless was working to my advantage. She attempted to play it off, but I knew what I saw. "I'm not coming in there so you can get me in your bed, Joey. How many times are we going to go over this?"

I leaned on the door and played with trim. "I need someone with small hands to reach behind the couch and get my remote. When I tried to move the couch, it bunched up the carpet and I don't want to risk tearin' it, but thanks for reminding me how we're never goin' to hook up."

I almost laughed when I saw her expression change, as if she felt bad for accusing me of something else, when all the while it was exactly what was happening.

"I guess I need to stop putting it on the back of the headrest."

Lacey came into my place and bent down on her knees. I stood there watching her, admiring the view of her perfect backside "Why didn't you just use a broom or something to pull it out?"

"Because the broom wouldn't look as good as your ass does stickin' up in the air."

She came out fast and threw the remote at me. "You're such a dick!"

I couldn't stop laughing at her. She was so pissed. "Thanks for your help, and for the show."

She got close and I prepared to be slapped. "This is why you'll never have me."

I grabbed her arms while she tried to wiggle out of my hold. "I will have you, Lace." I put my lips up to her ear, taking in the scent of her skin as I spoke. "It's only a matter of time before you come beggin'."

She slapped me hard across the face. I grabbed her hand again and pulled her into my lips. She backed away and pointed at me. "Don't you ever do that again!"

"Why?" I laughed. "You've been dreamin' of that for weeks."

"Screw you and you're sloppy ass attempt. If you touch me again, I swear you'll be sorry. You're the last person I'd ever consider sleeping with." I was getting to her and she knew it.

I remained calm as I spoke, because I knew I'd accomplished what I'd set out to do. "Your loss, not mine. I don't beg for pu**y, never had to and never will."

She threw her arms in the air and started walking away. "Ugh, you're hopeless!"

I smiled and waved as she walked out. She was angry and annoyed, but I couldn't have been more pleased. "You look real nice today, by the way."

As she passed I took a good look at her perfect tits. She'd caught me. "Seriously? Get a life and leave me alone. If you can get so much pu**y, how come you never have anyone here?"

"I didn't want you gettin' jealous." If she only knew that women coming to me was a huge problem I was trying to fix.

"Paleease. You are the last man that would ever make me jealous. Screw whoever you want."

"I do. They come by durin' the week, when I know you're not around. If you want, I can give you some numbers so that you can hear about me from them. I'm sure they'd concede that I'm the best they've ever had. In case you're doubting me."

She'd given up on the conversation and proceeded to leave. "I'm out of here. You're hopeless."

Lacey was pissed off but she'd spend the night thinking about me. At some point I'd probably end up going over there to taunt her some more. Not only was I getting somewhere but the chase was fun.

I watched her walk over to my cousin's place and felt confidant that she'd be back for more. If not, I knew exactly where to find her and how to get under her skin. Getting in her panties was just a matter of time.

Chapter 7

My mother and aunt had planned some joint house warming thing for me and Ford. Neither one of us really cared about it, but knew it was important to them. For something I didn't want to be a part of, my mom had me running around picking up things, while she inspected my house to make sure it was immaculate. I'd just pulled up in my Camaro when I spotted Ford walking around the yard on his phone. He had a disappointed look on his face and nodded when he saw me.

Before I made it over to where he was standing, he hung up with his call.

"What was that about?"

"That was f**kin' Shayne, giving me more bullshit to deal with."

"Is he comin' here today?" I sure as hell didn't want him around.

"You really think Sky would want that? You know Lacey's comin', right?"

I lit a smoke and leaned against the house. "I try to stay out of it all. You do your thing and I do mine."

Ford lit one up and leaned next to me. "How's that goin' for you? You like livin' by yourself?" I noted that he'd dropped the conversation about Shayne.

He'd been living alone since his sister Harley died and before that he'd been away at college. "It's alright."

"It's about damn time. Dad and I were takin' bets on how long it's goin' to take you to move back home. Let's face it, your mom likes you bein' there."

I laughed. "She does, but I can promise that I'm not goin' back. I like the quiet. Plus this place is closer to the Country Club and the views here can be quite satisfying."

Ford scratched his head and laughed. "You're not goin' to give up are you?"

"Would you? Look, I know you're all crazy over your girl, that's cool and everything, but have you seen Lacey? She's f**kin' perfect."

"She's been with Shayne, man and that dude has major problems goin' on. I'd stay out of it if I were you." he argued.

"That's what protection is for and I don't give a shit about anyone's problems."

Ford started walking away. "You're hopeless. When all this blows up in your face, don't bring my name into it."

I went to say something, but my mother came barging out of my place with the look of horror on her face. I rushed in to see what she was freaking out about. She led me to the guest room where I spotted my old bedside table drawer open. In her hands was a stack of photos that I'd taken of several women I'd slept with. It was a horrible discovery for my mother to find. She looked up at me with disgust. "What in the hell is this, Joey? Please tell me that you're not part of some sick group."

I chuckled, but quickly calmed myself. "I'm not. It's not what you think, mamma."

She tossed them on the bed and I leaned over stacking them and putting them in my back pocket. "You weren't meant to see them. They're private."

"Did you sleep with all those women, Joseph? Tell me."

I sat down on the bed and waited for her to sit beside me. She crossed her arms and refused. I knew I had to lie to preserve the image she had of me. "I didn't sleep with all of them. They sent them to me through a online datin' site that I used to be a member of."

"Why would you keep them? Do you know how disgraceful they are? Those women are someone's children."

"They're all adults and willingly posed. It's not like I secretly taped someone. Calm down. I'll throw them away."

"How long have you had them?"

Another lie was coming out of my mouth. "Years. Stop worryin' yourself. I'm not some creep. Just because I don't have a girlfriend, don't mean I'm on there takin' advantage of helpless women. The one's that I do choose to be intimate with are treated respectfully."

She was still crying, but seemed to relax a little bit. I stood up and hugged her until she finally reached her arms around my back. "Please throw them away, Joey. I don't want to ever see them again. Do you hear me?"

"Yeah. I promise."

I took the photos and stuck them underneath some shirts in my dresser. It wasn't like I sat in a room staring at them while beating off. Sure it was a collection of sorts, but I liked having them to remember the good times that each woman gave me. Her finding it couldn't change the way I was. It wasn't like I was some kind of monster. I had arrangements with a few women and we kept each other satisfied without strings. Why was that so hard for people to understand?

My mom stayed busy getting ready for the party, while I tried my best to put on a happy face and pretend that all was well with the world. The guests had started to arrive and I was itching to see what Lacey had put on for the occasion.

A short while later I saw her getting out of her car. She looked amazing as usual. I walked outside and met her before she could get to their door. "You're invited to the after party tonight. It's bein' held in my bed."

"Flattering, but I think I'll pass." She started walking again.

"The back of you looks just as good as the front. Tell me, Lace, are you wearin' panties or just airin' it out?"

She slapped me with her purse before going inside leaving me standing there.

A while later, when both houses were full of family and friends, I wondered what Lacey was up to. My mom had made it clear that I was to stay and show everyone my new place, but I was too curious not to check things out. I only had weekends to work my magic, so I had to make the most of it.

I grabbed a case of beer and used it as an excuse to go over to their place, but just as I was walking out of my apartment, I spotted Shayne walking in theirs. I waited a couple seconds to see if Ford would actually throw him out. When nothing happened, I knew it was safe to proceed inside.

I spotted Lacey almost immediately and winked at her, even though she was standing with Shayne. After seeing him up close and personal, I had to wonder what she saw in him. He looked like every other lifeguard type that I'd ever known. Apparently, he'd seen me and Lacey locking eyes and wasn't too happy with it. He started on her immediately, and for some reason, it really pissed me off.

"You've got a lot of room to talk about me not bein' what you thought, seein' as you're f**kin' someone that's worse than I've ever been."

Then Lacey shot right back at him. "I can see who I want."

"I highly doubt that you would call it 'seein'." He crossed his arms and I started walking toward them. He wasn't going to run his mouth about me and get away with it.

"Screw you. I can be with whoever I want. You lost your say in what I did the day you lied to me."

Then I decided to walk away, because causing a scene was going to piss my mother off even more than she already was. I didn't make it to the door, though. Shayne grabbed me by the arm. "So it's true? You're doin' my girlfriend?"

I looked at Lacey and wondered if she'd told him that. Knowing that nothing was happening between us, it made me curious. Did she actually want him to think we were f**king? "Back off, Shayne. Last I heard, she wasn't your anything."

Lacey must have sensed what was about to happen. She wedged herself in between us and looked right into my eyes. I couldn't read her mind, but I was certain she was trying to mentally tell me something. Finally she said it out loud. "Let's just go back to your place."

Shayne looked at both of us. "I don't believe you, Lace. You wouldn't be with someone like him. This is all an act, isn't it?"

If he thought I was going to stand around and let him imply I was some monster, I was going to make his bitch-ass suffer. I wrapped my arms around Lacey's back and looked right at Shayne. "It's true. She's with me, Shayne. Sorry you had to find out about it here, man. No hard feelin's." I wanted to laugh, but it would have caused a brawl.

Shayne stood there pouting while I drug Lacey out of the apartment. I didn't know what was going on, but I couldn't let things escalate and get worse. This was supposed to be a nice night and Ford was making progress with both of his parents. I knew for a fact that he didn't even want Shayne around.

I saw the look on my mom's face as we entered into the apartment, and I knew she was pissed. I took Lacey in the bedroom and shut the door before I started to say anything. "Don't you dare do somethin' like that without warnin' me. I ain't havin' my mother upset because I had to beat the shit out of Shayne in the middle of this party, you got it?"

She nodded. "Sorry. It just happened. I didn't think about what I was doing. Can I leave now?"

She grabbed the doorknob like she was just going to leave. I put my finger in the elastic of her pants and pulled her back to me. "Not so fast."

Her face was so close to mine that I could smell her fruity chap stick. I would have done anything for the chance to kiss her, but knew the timing was all wrong. If I wanted to get her into bed, it wasn't going to be when she was upset, which she clearly was. She got serious and squinted her eyes. "You have ten seconds to get your hands off of me, before I ruin any chance of you ever having children again."

I let go of her and acted like I wasn't offended. "I thought you wanted to play house."

"The game is over. I could see how hurt he was and now I feel like shit." I couldn't understand why she felt bad for him.

"He should feel like shit."

She sat down on my bed and I liked the way she looked there. "Maybe, but it doesn't solve anything."

"You want to be with him, don't you?" I wanted her to say no and I couldn't understand why I cared so much. This chick had drama, which was the one thing I hated being a part of.

She looked at me and her expression changed before my eyes. "I can't help it. Maybe I'm glutton for punishment, but I still love him. I've liked him since we were younger. My summers were spent chasing him around when we were teenagers. He didn't even know my name back then, and all I knew was that he was the hot guy that had a place close to ours. Then one party changed everything. I never looked back, because I thought he felt the same way I did. I was wrong."

I knelt down in front of her thinking of what to say to make her not be so upset. "If you want him so bad, then why did you tell him you were with me? That was a game endin' blow, you know that right?"

She shrugged. "I wanted to hurt him, like he'd hurt me. It was stupid."

I was about to give up, but something wouldn't let me. "I can help you, but you're not goin' to like the idea."

She laughed but it wasn't because she was amused. "Does it involve me sleeping with you?"

"In theory, maybe. Look, if you want Shayne back, maybe you need to show him what he lost. We got a rise out of him back there. I think it's an option you should consider." It would force us to spend time together, in which I could make her see that he was wrong for her.

"And I would want you to help me with that?"

I could tell she thought my idea was shit. "It's just a suggestion."

"What's in it for you? Obviously you want to sleep with me. I'm not trading my vagina for your help."

I couldn't help but chuckle at her declaration. Still, I had a chance and I needed to play it right. "Look, we both need to get out there and mingle. Meet me down here when everyone leaves. I promise that I won't lay a hand on you, unless you ask me to."

"I won't."

"I'll still be nice and help you. I'll pretend we're a couple and play fair. If I can't have you then I'd want you to be happy anyway." For some reason, I actually believed what I was telling her. Never before had I cared about a woman's love life. Although it made no sense, it was the God's honest truth.

"Are you drunk?" She looked as confused as I felt.

"Not drunk enough, that's' for sure." I walked out of the room leaving her there alone. The last ten minutes had been like an out of body experience. Why was I getting myself involved in someone's troubles? I'd either had too much to drink, or not enough. In both cases, I needed to rectify the situation before I got in over my head just for one night of pu**y. My recent actions were leading me to believe that this girl was going to be more trouble than pleasure.

Chapter 8

The family had all congregated in Ford's apartment, so I headed outside to smoke before going back over. I'd no sooner put out my cigarette and walked inside when Lacey came running right into my arms. Not understanding what was going on, I looked down at her tear-filled eyes. "What's wrong? What happened?"

She was starting to sob "Please, just get me out of here."

I looked around and saw a few people looking in our direction. No matter what my opinion was, or what I eventually would expect from this girl, I couldn't help but feel sorry for whatever had her so upset, even if it was Shayne.

While Lacey sat next to me on my couch, I was next to her wondering how in the hell I gotten myself into a situation like this when all I ever did was avoid drama. She sobbed and I flipped through the channels until I couldn't take hearing her cry anymore. I turned down the volume and looked over at her. She had her hands covering her face.

I got up and went into the kitchen, where I contemplated going out somewhere and just leaving her by herself so she could pout about her douche of an ex alone. It wasn't my business anyway.

After she'd settled down a bit, she looked around as if to scope out my digs. I sat back down next to her and wiped a set of tears off of her cheeks then kissed her forehead. "Do you want my opinion?"

She sniffled and shook her head. "Not really."

"Fair enough." I handed her a beer and took a few swigs of mine.

"Thanks for saving me."

Was she serious? This was beginning to become a habit that I wanted to break. I wasn't the kind of guy that saved damsels in distress. "Which time?"

"Don't be a dick, Joey. I can't take anymore sarcasm tonight."

I'd gotten several messages from my friend Candace, who'd invited me over. I knew that inviting her over had implied that I wanted something more. I couldn't believe that after all these years, she was ruining our arrangement. I needed to talk to her about it and clear the air, before I lost my Wednesday appointment. I looked at my phone and saw I had another message. "Listen, I have somewhere I need to be. I think everyone's gone, but you're welcome to stay here. I won't be back until later."

"Are you coming home alone?" She whispered.

I had to smile imagining her wondering what I was doing so late at night. It didn't take a rocket scientist to figure it out. "Why do you want to know?"

"I...I don't want to mess up your opportunity to get laid." She had no idea how right she was about me. The odd thing was that it bothered me even though it was true. For some reason I wanted Lacey to think I was this great guy she was missing out on.

I couldn't help adding sarcasm and a hint of intent. "You could always wait for me in my bed, but that's up to you, of course."

I walked into the bathroom as if we weren't just having some kind of moment. This past week had been insanely confusing for me when it had anything to do with women. For the first time, I had no idea why my head and my dick weren't on the same page.

"No thanks. I'll probably just go back upstairs, once I know Sky and Ford are in bed."

"My door is always open if you change your mind," I added.

I turned on the shower, but didn't immediately jump in. I could hear her crying in the other room, and as much as I wanted to not care about her pathetic problems, I found myself feeling the opposite. It pissed me off that Shayne had made this woman so upset. She was kind and beautiful. She was clearly the sort of woman that a man would want to settle down with, if that's what he was looking for.

I stood under the water and attempted to clear my head. Candace was a dime a dozen and if things needed to stop, I had to respect her decision. I knew that at some point she'd want to settle down. She'd always been a good girl and sometimes I wondered if she only kept up with our deal because she thought I would change my ways. It was unfortunate for me, because I was so familiar with her intimately. It took years to build up that kind of knowledge.

After I'd changed, I walked out of the bathroom and saw Lacey sitting there staring at me. For a second I could have sworn that she was into me. Her face turned a shade of red before she looked away.

"So, I'll be back later. Like I said before, you're welcome to stay. I've got ways to take your mind off of him, you know."

She shook her head and avoided eye contact. "I'll be gone when you get back. Don't worry, I will lock up."

"Suit yourself, Lace." I thought I'd be getting some brownie points if I leaned over and kissed the top of her head again. "I bet you're awesome to wake up next to." Why I said that to her made no sense. Again, it was out of character for me to act this way and even more disturbing was the fact that I was inviting her to spend the night, when clearly I knew I was having trouble having anyone stay over.

"Too bad you won't ever find out," She said as I walked out the door.

Since it was so late and pretty chilly, I decided to take the Camaro over to Candace's place. Unlike when I came over for appointments, she was dressed normally and laying on her couch. She didn't even get up to let me in, but yelled that the door was open.

Immediately, I knew I'd been right. I sat in a chair across from her instead of next to her. She smiled and motioned with her finger for me to join her on the couch. I put my hands on my knees and looked right at her. "Listen, I think I need to clear the air about somethin' before we get into it tonight."

"What's that?" She asked as she stood up and walked over to me, climbing on top of me and kissing me on the lips.

I looked right at her and tried to focus, but my dick was already responding. I felt her warm tongue brushing over mine and closed my eyes.

Candace's hand wasted no time going down my pants. She massaged my dick, while humping her body against mine. I unzipped her sweat jacket discovering that she had nothing on underneath. Her tits bounced out before me, calling me to suck on each one. I pushed her away, enough so I could lean in and take one into my mouth. Her hardened ni**les brushed over the tip of my tongue, sending vibrations right to my cock. Candace knew it right away, since she was stroking me the whole time.

She used her other hand to reach into my back pocket and grab the rubber. This chick knew the routine and that's why I always came back. She scooted down between my legs and started tugging off my jeans to apply the rubber, then stood up and let her own pants drop to the floor. She stepped out of them and climbed back on top of me. I was caught in the moment, somewhere between lust and frustration. I wanted to believe that my move had just caused me to be unsettled. I wanted to think that after a couple of months, I'd stopped having issues about women coming over and making more to our little agreements. I wanted to think that I knew exactly what I wanted.

As Candace began to ride me, I wondered if I was wrong.

All I could think about was that sad girl that I'd left crying in my apartment. For the first time in my life, what I was doing wasn't what I was thinking about. My mind was on the woman that could still be crying in my apartment. I wondered if she was still there and not because I thought I could f**k her.

Candace was grinding her body into mine harder. I stopped her abruptly. "Hold up! I need to tell you somethin'."

The worried look on her face told me that she suspected it already. "I thought you changed your mind?"

She leaned in to kiss me again and I backed my face away. "I didn't. I won't, Candace. I told you when we started this that I would never want nothin' more. I thought we were good?"

She slapped me hard across the face. I grabbed her arm, so she couldn't do it again. "You want to just f**k? Let's f**k then, Joey. Give it to me hard, like you f**kin' mean it. Show me who's in control."

I growled and became completely turned on by her sudden change in attitude. Like a switch, she'd gone back to the chick I looked forward to messin' around with. I reached and took hold of her other arm, securing her close to me. She leaned in to kiss me, but I wouldn't let her, knowing she was getting off on the fight. "You like it rough, don't ya?" I picked her up and carried her over to the couch. Her legs wrapped around me as I sat her down and I slammed back inside of her, forcefully, letting my frustrations bleed through my stiff dick.

Then my phone started ringing.

I ignored it the first time, but figured it had to be important when they continued to call. After locating my phone in the pants on the floor, I saw that the call was from Ford.

"Yeah, it's not a good time, man."

"Sorry, I thought you were downstairs. Sky wants to know if Lacey is with you?"

"When I left she was at my place. I guess she's still there?"

"We went to bed a while back. Sky thought she heard someone knockin' but nobody was there."

"It's fine. I told her she could stay there. I'm not even home."

"Dude, when you do get home, don't f**k with that girls head. She's messed up enough."

"Alright!" I hated being told what to do.

He hung up and I looked over at Candace. As much as I wanted to finish our little tryst, I felt like I needed to get back. Lacey had made it clear that she didn't want anything to do with me, but she hadn't left my place. It didn't make sense. For a reason that I couldn't explain, I wanted to know if she was alright. "I need to go."

She sat up. "Right now? We're in the middle of somethin' here."

I grabbed my jeans and ignored her pleas. "Look, I didn't come here to f**k you. I came here to set things straight. I can't change the way I am. You can deal with it, or tell me to f**k off. It is what it is."

I could tell she was upset, but trying her best to hide it. "It's fine. I know the routine."

I kissed her on the cheek before walking out. The whole ride home I thought about how my balls were going to hurt like hell if I didn't finish myself off. I was pissed that I hadn't just finished what we started before heading home.

When I arrived, I found my place empty. I text Ford and he said he hadn't seen her. After checking her car I walked around back and found her asleep in a chair. She was curled up and not even wearing a warm jacket.

I picked her up and carried her inside, right into my bedroom. She shot up. "I'm not sleeping in here with you."

I kicked my shoes in my closet and closed the door. "I'll sleep on the couch."

"What about the spare bedroom?"

"The mattress sucks. I prefer the couch." Why did she want to know? I gave her my bed and was letting her stay, even though she wasn't going to give me any.

I tried to get comfortable on the couch, but it wasn't my bed. Lacey had come out to use the bathroom and asked for something else. "Can I borrow a t-shirt?"

"First my bed and now my clothes. For someone that won't get naked with me, you sure do expect a lot,"

"I got locked out. Don't worry, though. I won't make this a habit."

"I don't mind." I grabbed the first thing in my drawer and tossed it over. "Is this good?"

She smiled and all I could think about was her naked body wearing my clothes. "Thanks for bringing me inside. How did you know I was out back?"

"Ford text me and asked if you were staying with me. When I got back and you weren't here, I text him. He said you weren't there either, so I checked out back. I figured you'd locked yourself out of both places, bein' as you were so upset earlier." Okay, so he'd really called me, but it didn't matter. It was still a call and they were still concerned. All that mattered was that she was inside and she wasn't going to freeze to death.

"You've been a good fake boyfriend today. Thanks for that."

I had to make my intentions known. "How about I keep up the lie and sleep in here with you?"

She crossed her arms and seemed immediately annoyed. "I'm not sleeping with you, Joey."

"I didn't want to sleep."

She threw a pillow in my direction. "Stop!"

I'd no sooner got myself comfortable again on the couch when I heard her screaming my name.

"JOEY."

I ran in the room, thinking she'd seen a mouse or something. "What's wrong?"

She patted the bed. "If you promise not to try anything, we can share."

"So glad you get to make the rules in my apartment." I wasn't going to argue with the offer, even though I knew nothing would happen. In fact, I'd probably have my testicles explode before Lacey offered to relieve the pressure.

For a little while I lay there next to her, smelling her hair and thinking about how different she was. I was still perplexed to be in a situation where I'd promised to never let myself get in. Still, she was so fragile, beautiful and enticing. As much as I was fighting it, I knew being around her was going to break me. She already was. I'd been sleeping with Candace for years and couldn't even f**k her in my bed. I had to take her in the guest room. Here I was days later, lying in bed next someone, comforting her, as if she meant something to me.

I knew I had to say something; to do something to show that I wasn't the ass**le that everyone thought I was. I wanted her to see me as someone that cared. I leaned over and kissed her on the shoulder. "Goodnight Lace."

Lacey did something that shocked me. She grabbed my hand and laced it with hers. It was something that I'd never done with a woman. It was such a little detail that meant so much to a relationship. Since I'd never had one, I didn't understand the importance of it.

Not until she spoke and sent chills all through me. "Don't let go."

And I couldn't. A part of me wanted to. I thought about standing up and saying something perverted, but I couldn't move.

Chapter 9

I woke up early the next morning, with my arms still wrapped around Lacey. I still couldn't understand how I'd managed to sleep with a woman all night long and not get mad at myself over it.

Gently, I slid my body off the bed without waking her. For a couple minutes, I just stood there, watching her wrapped up in my covers so sound and beautiful. She was the description of fragile and the more time I spent with her the more I felt like I needed to protect her, not just to have sex with her, but to actually know her. I grabbed my phone off the bedside table and snapped a picture to remind me of how beautiful she was lying there in my bed.

I was going against every rule I'd ever made for myself and being in this uncharted territory made me nervous, like I wasn't in control.

Deciding to not seem like a stalker, I retreated to the living room, where I turned on the news. Then I went into the kitchen to make coffee and some breakfast. It gave me a little while to clear my head. Cooking always had. It was my escape from reality.

I would imagine that most men cleared their heads with women and booze, and while they were both fun, they didn't sooth me like standing in a kitchen and creating something to surprise one's palate. It was an art.

Lacey walked into the kitchen wearing only a t-shirt. Her hair was rough in some spots, but she still looked beautiful. I smiled, thinking about having her in my bed all night. I still didn't understand it, but having her there and never doing anything sexual still made me feel satisfied. I couldn't shake how weird it all was. "Hey."

"Thanks for letting me stay."

"No big deal, Lace. I'm not a monster, like you assume. I could tell you needed a friend." Hearing myself say the word shocked the hell out of me. My actions were as if I was having another out of body experience.

Lacey sat down in a chair and folded her hands together. She had this funny look on her face, like even she knew I was acting funny. "Yeah, is that what we are? Are we friends?"

I shrugged my shoulders and tried to think of something witty as I tossed around the sausage in the pan. She had me so messed up in the head. "I guess we are, until you tell me otherwise."

Lacey actually snorted at my comment. "You don't give up do you?"

I knew by taking the conversation back to sex, I could still get to her, even if my head was still in a clusterfuck. "I know what I want. Is that a bad thing?"

"It is when you know you're never going to have it." She didn't understand that fighting me only made me want her more.

I let her comment simmer while getting her a cup of coffee. She was in my kitchen, in nothing but a t-shirt. I didn't want the chance of her getting mad and wanting to leave. Unlike Candace, I wanted Lacey to stick around, even if I wasn't going to get laid. "You want milk?"

"Yeah, I can get it." She stood up and our hands met at the refrigerator door. As we touched, I turned and saw the shock in her eyes. For the first time, she didn't look like she was appalled by me. She started to pull away. "Sorry."

I grabbed her hand and held it between us, testing the waters of what I'd just witnessed. When she stayed calm, I brushed the loose hair away from her face. "You're just as sexy in the morning, as before you went to sleep."

"Friends don't talk like that to each other." We were standing there staring at each other and this was definitely not the friend territory.

It only took me a second to decide that I needed to feel those puffy lips on mine. "I need to kiss you."

She took a deep breath and for a minute I could have sworn that she was going to let me. She cocked her brow. "Friends don't kiss."

I leaned in, taking the chance on getting slapped, and let my lips drag over hers. "Maybe we shouldn't be friends, then."

Our kiss wasn't the kind that kids had behind the bleachers in high school. I wanted Lacey to experience the best first kiss, so that she could only imagine how good it would be if we were f**king. I wanted her to feign for it when it was over and stress on the idea of it being that good.

We kissed for a good bit before I felt her body starting to pull away. There wasn't a doubt in my mind that she liked it and I wanted it to continue. The growing erection in my pants was going to be a dead giveaway if I didn't pace myself. I had to remember that she was different than the others. I pulled away, and let my lips linger over hers. "Don't get too carried away, Lace." I began to pull away and she stopped me. "I told you that I wouldn't beg."

I left her standing there, lingering on the thought of our kiss, while I checked on the food. I knew she liked it and it was only going to be a matter of time before she came back for more.

I wasn't being conceited. I'd known enough women to be aware when they were turned on and Lacey definitely was. Even out of the corner of my eye I could see that she was flustered. Her breathing was heavier and she refused to say anything.

I went back to where she was standing and drug my lips over hers again. She stuck out her tongue and I licked it before pulling away.

I grabbed her hand and kissed it, before picking her body up and sitting it on the counter. I wedged myself between her legs and kissed those lips again. She tasted of coffee and mouthwash and I wondered if somewhere in the back of her mind she knew this was going to happen. Why else would she have cared about her breath? With one swift tug, her shirt came off. She crossed her arms, covering herself as if she was being shy. Honestly, it was sexy as hell and another thing I wasn't used to. "Don't hide from me. I'm a grown man and you have nothin' to be ashamed of."

I knew I was pushing the limits and probably already crossed some force-field she'd put up in my benefit, but I had to try. I could feel the chemistry between us and every time her lips touched mine, I wanted her more. It wasn't just about rubbing one off either. I wanted to experience what this girl was like. Still, I knew I had to be careful with her. "Once you cross this line, there ain't no goin' back, Lace. When I get you naked and take you to my bed, it's my rules, so you need to decide if that's somethin' you want. I've played this cat and mouse game with you, just waitin' for you to admit that there's somethin' between us. I can wait longer, if I need to." I kissed her and walked away for a second, letting my words sink in.

"You couldn't have known that when we first met, because I thought you were an ass**le."

I chuckled but never looked over. "You thought I was sexy."

"Stop doing that. Don't put words into my mouth."

Finally, I turned to look at her. She was sitting there, looking so sexy and there was a million things running through my mind, most of them required her to be naked. "Admit it. You were just as curious as I was. You can hide behind your broken heart, but this never had anything to do with feelin's. We have sexual chemistry. I could tell from that first night. Like I told you before, though, I won't beg. When you're ready to give your body to me, you know where to find me."

Her demeanor changed as if she were really thinking about it. Then her next words let me know I had been right. "What does that entail; me giving my body to you?"

I looked away and smiled, knowing exactly where her questions were leading. After turning off the burner, I pushed my way between her legs and touched the strap of her bra. "First I get you naked." I kissed over her neck. "Then I carry you to my bed." After exposing a nipple and then finally pulling off her bra, I sucked on one of her ni**les, testing out the waters of how far she was willing to take it. She ran her hand through my hair and watched what I was doing. She was making me crazy and it was all I could do not to pull down my shorts and give it to her, right there on the counter.

All on her own, Lacey reached her hand down my shorts. The moment she felt how hard I was I knew it was game on, until a knock at the door happened. "Just ignore it." I said before kissing her hard on the mouth again.

The person kept knocking.

I knew I was going to have to go see who it was. Thinking it was just Ford, I opened the door. Shayne stood in front of me and I could tell from the look on his face that he knew Lacey was inside. "What do you want now?"

"Don't act like I'm interupptin' somethin'. I know this is all some show to piss me off."

I started to open my mouth, to protect her, at least until she could get her shirt back on and come up with some excuse why that's all she had on. I knew that we weren't in a relationship and obviously, he did too.

Then Lacey shocked me by walking out of the kitchen topless. "Just a show?"

I was beyond belief.

Shayne looked genuinely taken back. He just stared at her for a few seconds, as if to punish her with his mind.

I crossed my arms, holding my ground because we were in my apartment. No matter what the situation was, he was still the one who hadn't been invited. Shayne looked at me for a second and then back to Lacey. "I...came to talk to you."

"We were in the middle of something, obviously." Lacey was being harsh, making it a point to him that he was intruding. I'd never seen this side of her and I liked it.

"Please. It's important." He was pleading with her and I knew it was another way of him saying they needed to talk alone.

I clenched my jaw and couldn't believe I'd let myself get into this kind of situation. While motioning to the couch, I looked over at Shayne. "Have a seat, man. I'll give you two some privacy."

I went into the kitchen, knowing damn well I'd be able to hear everything they were saying. As they spoke, I found myself feeling something that I'd never experienced before.

I was jealous and that could only happen if I liked this chick a lot more than I should have.

Chapter 10

If these two people weren't in my house, I probably wouldn't have cared too much about what they were saying. Since Lacey had left me with another stiff erection, I felt like I was more vested in the outcome of the conversation.

I could tell from Lacey's voice that she wasn't too happy about being interrupted from what was about to happen between us. "What do you want, Shayne?"

I almost laughed out loud.

"I saw this goin' differently."

She snapped at him again. "Sorry that I ruined it for you."

"Lace, please. Just hear me out." The dude was begging and she wasn't hearing it.

"If you're going to tell me not to see Joey, I'm afraid that's not going to happen." Damn. If I were him, I would have walked out right then.

"This is about me. I mean, I don't like you bein' with him, but I get that my opinion doesn't matter to you." He paused, like he was trying to find words, but I couldn't actually see what was happening. "The baby ain't mine, Lace. I never slept with Ashley and I never will. The reason I took responsibility was for Parker's sake. He's got a real chance at goin' somewhere. I can't let this keep him from that. I know in time, he'll be ready to step up, but for now, it's the least I can do to make amends with myself for what I did to Ford, Sky and even you."

Her tone was beginning to change. "I never asked you to punish yourself."

"No, but I'm sure you wished worse for me."

I started messing around with a couple dishes, shoving them into cabinets so it didn't seem obvious that I was eavesdropping.

"I may have said things, but I didn't mean them. You hurt me so much, Shayne. I thought we had something special, but to you I was just a piece of ass."

The room got quiet for a few seconds and I half expected that Shayne had gotten up and walked out.

"You're wrong, babe. I may not have admitted it, but you were so much more than that. I was stupid for takin' you for granted. If I had a second chance, I'd do so much differently. I'd start by makin' sure everyone knows that you belonged to me and I belonged to you, but it's too late now. You've moved on and it's clear to me that I lost my chance."

I approached the doorway, but didn't peek my head out. Lacey was obviously crying. I could hear her sniffling. "All I ever wanted was for you to love me, Shayne."

"I do."

I shook my head knowing damn well Shayne didn't love the chick. He dicked around with her heart and was pissed that he'd been caught.

"I want to believe that, Shayne. I swear I do. It's just that I don't think I'm ready to be able to trust you."

"Yeah, I get it."

Her next words made my stomach curl. It made it clear that the woman wasn't ready to give herself to me, not when she was still holding that lit candle for him. "But I don't want to let you go, either."

"What are you sayin', Lace?" Shayne needed to be slapped. She was clearly giving him hope and he was playing dumb.

What a douche!

"Can I meet you at your house later so we can talk?"

"No. My dad kicked me out last night. Apparently, havin' a kid is against the rules, even if it ain't really mine."

I covered my mouth to avoid them hearing me laughing. He'd gone and f**ked up even more with his family. How stupid could he get?

"Where will you go?" When she asked that I wondered if Shayne was lying to her to get her to sympathize. It was a good plan, and she was taking the bait.

"I reckon I need to look for a place. I was plannin' on buyin' a paper and callin' some places today. It ain't like I'm goin' to show up for work. My dad needs a couple days to cool off before I get anywhere near him."

"I bet. Do you want some company when you're looking?" Maybe I should have walked out and made a big deal out of it, revealing his act.

"Won't he be mad?" Shayne wanted to know my feelings? This dude was f**king ridiculous.

But he was right.

I was pissed. I wanted Lacey in my bed and I was so close to having it.

"I think it's best if we don't talk about relationships today. I'll go with you as a friend."

"I'll take whatever I can get." Of course he would.

I waited until the door closed before walking out and confronting Lacey. I probably had no business doing it, but she was in my house, making plans with her ex after getting freaky with me moments ago in my kitchen. "You're leavin' aren't ya?"

"It's not like that, Joey. Please don't make this any harder than it already is."

I had to leave the room. I couldn't look at her tear-filled eyes for another second. My balls were going to be aching for pu**y that I was never going to have. I was pissed at myself for even letting myself get this involved with the chick. This wasn't me and I needed to walk away before I lost my manhood. "You don't need to explain, Lace. I'm a big boy. I get it. Shayne wants another chance and you're goin' to give it to him."

She followed me. "It's not like that, but I'm not going to lie to you. I still love him."

The more I tried to avoid her, the more I felt myself being drawn back in. She was making me crazy.

Then I looked down into those eyes and fought the urge to take her, right there in my room. "I told you, no explainin' necessary."

"You were right earlier, when you said the attraction was mutual. I feel it too. I just couldn't bring myself to admit it, out loud."

I walked over and started getting dressed, knowing that if I avoided contact with her, I'd be able to let her walk away without it getting all weird. "What do you want me to say, Lace? You want me to beg you to stay? You want me to tell you all the reasons that you should end up in my bed tonight instead of his, because I'm not goin' to do that."

It took her two seconds to take off her shirt again. She threw it in my face, making sure she had my attention. As much as I wanted to pretend she wasn't already getting to me, I could feel my dick responding. "How about you give me a reason to come back?"

I pulled off my shirt and walked toward her. She was irresistible to me and I hated her for it.

Our lips met and I teased her tongue with mine while I spoke. "Tell me, Lace. Say the words."

I knew she wanted it, because she'd already begun panting like she'd been doing in the kitchen. Lacey was no longer crying, but instead gazing into my eyes with certainty. She never flinched as she admitted exactly what she wanted from me. "I want you to f**k me." She shook her head a bit. "No. I need you to."

My mouth found a nipple as I contemplated what I wanted to do with the situation. On one hand, I wanted to f**k the shit out of this woman. She was giving herself to me and I knew it would be awesome. On the other hand, she was all f**ked up in her head. I knew how women reacted to stress and throwing herself at me wasn't going to solve anything. Besides, I needed her complete attention if I was going to be the best she'd ever had. I didn't want her pretending I was that blonde dickhead. Still, I couldn't let her know she was getting under my skin, like no woman ever had before.

"You say one thing, but you mean somethin' entirely different." I lifted her hand and placed tiny kisses over the back of her fingers. "I'll be gentle with you; making sure I kiss every inch of your skin. After that I'm goin' to make you cum and when you scream out my name, it will be because you don't want me to stop touchin' you."

I had her right where I wanted her and her next words proved it to me. "Take off my shorts and get started then."

I yanked slowly on her shorts, watching her react the entire time. "Don't get shy on me. I've waited too long to see you naked."

She touched her br**sts and squeezed each nipple in her hands. "Was it worth the wait?"

I couldn't stop looking at her naked body. She rocked in all the right places and I didn't know where I wanted to start. "Roll over and give me the full show."

She actually stuck her ass up, right in my face, taunting me with her perfect rear. "Is this what you like?"

I leaned against her back. "I like it all." I played with her hair, picturing f**king her doggy-style. "Oh yeah, I'm going to f**k you so good."

I slid down off the bed, taking one of her feet into my hands. While she watched, I kissed my way up her thigh, all the way to her naked pu**y. She leaned up on her elbows watching my every move. "You want me to touch you, don't you Lace?"

She bobbed her head up and down, like a child being asked if they wanted a piece of candy.

I placed my hand on the side of her hip and tapped it. "Flip over, you're not ready for me yet."

I needed time to sort shit out in my head. I'd never had such and intense feeling to please a woman as I did Lacey. She was a woman that I had something to prove to. I kissed the skin over her ass, taking my time dragging my tongue in between her thighs. Her body was shaking and my fingers proved how aroused she was for me.

"Exactly how I want your pu**y; wet and ready." I ran my thumb in between her folds, gathering her juices to lubricate her swollen clit. I rubbed hard as my fingers penetrated her pu**y. Her ass immediately began to respond, shaking around and tightening up as she let go for the first time. I could smell her essence and I knew what I wanted next. I had to kiss her there, to taste that shiny wetness making those lips glisten

"Turn over and hold up your legs. This time I'm going to watch you cum."

I sat up and watched as her body turned and her legs spread open for me. Her pu**y was blushing from my playing with it and I knew I'd have her cumming again in no time. Lacey held her ankles and kept her legs out, waiting for me to dive in. I liked that she assumed I was going to dive in. I adjusted myself and smacked on her little pu**y, watching her react. I blew on it and heard her making sounds above me. I pinched her clit and blew again, while I inserted my fingers again. She yelled out something that made no sense as her legs jerked around and I felt her pu**y tightening against my lips as I sucked on her clit one last time

"You're so sexy when you cum, Lace."

This was a pivotal moment where I should have slapped on a jimmy and f**ked the woman, until she was out of my system. Instead, I thought about her pretending I was Shayne and it pissed me off. I didn't get why I cared, but I wasn't going to proceed with the slightest chance of her regretting it.

I stood up and started putting my shirt back on. "Wait! Where are you going?" She sat up and looked shocked. I wanted to smile, or perhaps jump back on the bed and finish the job.

Instead, I kept my composure. "You've got somewhere to be and I need to reheat your breakfast."

"Joey, wait. We aren't done here."

I climbed on the bed and kissed her. For the first time, in as long as I could remember, I was walking away from what I wanted. She was offering herself to me and I was refusing, out of jealousy. I hated what happened to me when it involved Lacey, but just feeling her tongue brushing against mine, kept me wanting more from her. She wasn't like Candace or any of the other women that I had arrangements with. The fragile woman was different and I needed to have my head straight before I started having real feelings for her. "You're right, we're not, but I'm not about to give you everything so you can walk away and never look back. This way, I know you'll return."

"So, you're just going to walk out of the room, even with me here, sprawled out and naked?"

I kissed her neck and ran my hand up between her supple tits. "It's very difficult."

She pointed to my fully erect c**k in my shorts. "Are you planning on icing that down?"

"Nah, it will be waiting for when you get back." I said it as if I was sure that Shayne wasn't going to convince her not to, even though I really didn't know.

"What if I don't come back?" Even she was wondering the same thing.

I stood up and let out an air-filled laugh. "Then I will be icin' it."

"Do I have to beg?" A part of me wanted to turn around and go for it.

"Patience is a virtue." I leaned against the doorframe. "It's goin' to happen, so I'm not worried about waiting. Your head is too messed up today."

"I know what I want." Maybe she did, albeit I couldn't bring myself to f**k things up, not when I'd had a taste that left me feigning for so much more.

Playing this game with Lacey was changing me and the more I fought it, the more it was happening. I should have stopped talking to the woman and pretended that I'd never been interested. All the signs were there.

But I couldn't.

I wanted more and she was going to give it to me.

Chapter 11

After Lacey left my apartment, I found myself pacing around. The more I attempted to keep my mind off of her, the harder it was to not think about what she was doing. Shayne had never been my enemy. Sure, I thought he was a bit over the top and arrogant, but since our families were linked, we'd always gotten along, to an extent.

After messing around with Lacey, and watching her walk out my door to be with him, I had become enraged. I didn't have room to talk about being a faithful kind of guy, but I also didn't make promises that I couldn't keep. I never lied to a woman about my intentions. They knew from the get-go that I wasn't a monogamous kind of guy.

As the hours passed, I felt like I was losing my mind. Deciding that I needed a reprieve, I headed out on my bike for some air. Shortly after heading down the main highway, I turned into Candace's development. I hadn't driven there on purpose, but obviously I'd been thinking with my dick again.

It was probably a good thing that she wasn't home, considering that I'd just had a talk with her about keeping things the way they were. Stopping by for no reason was going against everything I'd said.

I took my time riding home, constantly wondering what was going on between me and Lacey. It wasn't like I'd wanted to have these kind of confusing feelings. Getting in her pants had been the only reason that I was stringing her along. Yet, each time we were near each other, I became more fascinated with her as a person. Maybe every woman I was with had qualities that I'd never noticed. It was possible that the changes in my life were affecting the way I looked at the world.

No matter what it was, I couldn't shake the way Lacey made me crazy.

I rolled into the driveway feeling exactly as when I'd left. I surely didn't expect for Lacey to have pulled in too. She was just sitting there when I hopped off my bike. I think I knew things hadn't gone well when her head was down and she appeared to be crying. I knocked gently on her window without thinking of anything appropriate to say. I did my best to rationalize with her situation.

"I'm not goin' to ask you what happened, but my doors open if it's where you want to go."

Of course, I wanted her to come in and to be able to finish where we'd left off. Her sweet pu**y was finally going to satiate my dick enough for me to start thinking straight again. This chase was taking too much out of me and I just wanted to be done with it all.

Lacey came inside a couple moments later. She was still sniffling and I refused to pry into her business. She leaned against the doorframe and crossed her arms. "Do you care if I get a shower?"

I couldn't help but imagine her being naked in my bathroom. My c**k jumped at the thought. "My shampoo smells like a man."

She tried her best to put on a smile. "I don't even care."

I watched her walk toward the bathroom and heard the door close. A part of me wanted to head into my bathroom and rub one off so I could deal with being so close to her later. This chick was f**ked up in the head and I wasn't about to ruin my nut on someone that wasn't really into it.

Knowing that she probably came back unprepared, I went into the bedroom and grabbed her something to put on and a fresh towel. The bathroom door's lock was broken and she was probably going to freak out.

The curtain was pretty much see through and I couldn't help but steal a peek. From the moment that I saw her naked skin in front of me, I honestly lost all control over my own actions. I don't know what had gotten into me, but I started stripping, with every intent of having her in the shower.

As I stepped into the shower, and heard her sniffle, I realized how fragile she was. I liked pu**y, but I wasn't an ass**le that didn't respect other people's feelings. There was no excuse for putting myself in the situation, so I did the first thing that came to mind.

I reached for her and pulled her against my chest. She was silent as I ran my hands down her arms and kissed her shoulder. "I hate hearin' you cry."

"I'm sorry. I feel like I'm drowning in pain."

"I won't ask what happened, but I'm not goin' to let you cry anymore." I turned her around to face me and the same thing happened as before. I felt myself caring about this girl and wanting to make them go away. I kissed the top of her head and her gaze caught mine. For a moment we just stared at each other.

"I'm sorry I showed up without asking."

I smiled. "You're not sorry, Lace. You came to the one place where you knew you could make it all go away." I had to keep up with the plan. This chick was bad for me and I needed her out of my system.

"I'm not supposed to want you, Joey."

Hearing her say that she wanted me turned me on. I drug my lips over hers and the moment our skin touched, I felt that strange connection again. My dick started to harden immediately. I tried to focus. "I'm not supposed to do a lot of things that I do."

"I liked it better when you were an ass**le. At least then, I knew what to expect from you."

She had no idea how wrong she was. "I'm still an ass**le. Ask anyone."

"I hate to break it to you, but I think we're becoming friends."

"That's what this is?" I laughed and held her closer. "I'm kiddin'."

"Just make me forget I ever left your bed this morning. That's all I want from you."

I raised a brow and looked intently into her eyes. She wanted what? Had this whole game been turned around on me? "So, you want to use me?"

"Isn't that what you want from me? Isn't it about being able to say you had me?" She was calling me out and I didn't know whether to admit it, or play dumb. "Havin' you was never a question." She had me so confused.

"Why are you looking at me like that?"

Before she could read anything into my face, I flipped her around, so her back was facing me. I grabbed the bar of soap and started washing her, while desperately attempting to make the conversation stop. With each motion of my hands over her smooth skin, the rock between my legs was beating. I grabbed her ass and had to concentrate on something irrelevant to keep from busting a load. I was completely f**ked up over this chick. I kissed her skin one more time and knew I had to get out of there. I climbed out and intended on retreating to my room to pull my head out of my ass and figure out what the f**k was happening to me. This chick was dangerous for me and the more she offered, the more it scared me.

Before I could leave the bathroom, she pulled the curtain open. I froze in place.

"What just happened?"

I put a towel around my body and kept my cool. "Nothin'. Take your time, Lace. I'll be out here when you're done."

It was a good thing that she stayed in there for a bit longer. After closing my bedroom door, I stroked my dick until hot cum dripped down my hand. I used my towel to clean up the mess and dressed feeling a little relief. Getting involved with Lacey was a terrible idea. I needed her to change her mind and leave. As much as I wanted her, I knew I couldn't let it happen, not if I wanted my life to stay the same.

All the Lacey drama had made me hungry. It was a good thing that I cooked for a living. I'd made my special marinara a few days before and filled a plate up with noodles before reheating it in the microwave.

Lacey came in the room in only my t-shirt. She looked so hot with her wet hair hanging down to her hard ni**les. It accentuated them and if I didn't have a mouth full of food, I probably would have been salivating. "Do you like pasta?"

"I love it." She sat down on the couch beside me and I jumped up to make her a plate.

"I made homemade sauce the other night. It's sweeter than the jar."

There was nothing sexier than watching a woman eat something that I cooked. My eyes stared at her twirling the noodles on her plate and taking the first bite. I could tell from her reaction that she liked it. "Ain't it good?"

"It's delicious. I'm impressed. Did you always want to be a cook?"

I shrugged and tried to think about a time where I didn't want to cook for a living. "My mom has ran that diner my whole life. I guess it's in my blood. I think I started working there when I was twelve. Since it was all I ever learned to do, she sent me to culinary school and the rest is history."

"Sky made it seem like you and Ford bickered about everything. I couldn't believe you moved in to this place."

"He's my cousin, but we like to compete, that's no secret. Since we've gotten older it doesn't happen so much. We have more in common than he likes to admit, like fast cars and sexy women." Ford found Sky, but she didn't have anything on Lacey.

"Are you saying he isn't faithful?" I was shocked she asked that since she was stuck up their asses all of the time.

"No! He's whipped. Ford won't screw up what he's got. He went too long in misery to let anything bad happen to him and Sky. She's a great girl."

I watched her chewing and answering before she swallowed. It made me feel like she felt completely comfortable around me, enough to be herself. As much as that pleased me, it also made me question my intentions again. "Yeah, she's awesome."

"That is not ladylike." I pointed to her full mouth, even though I found it cute.

She opened up her mouth and gave me a show. "Ahhhh."

I couldn't help but do the same thing, making it worse by letting it fall back down onto my plate.

She made a fake gagging sound. "Sick!"

It ended with us both laughing. The guilt was overwhelming me. Maybe Ford was right. Maybe I should just back off before I took things too far. I liked hanging out with Lacey and f**king her would change everything.

I knew I had to keep things on a friend level if I wanted to come out of this in one piece. "What about you? Do you have a job besides school?"

"Nope, I'm just in school full time. Eventually I'd like to have my own accounting firm, but that's just wishful thinking."

Brains and looks. Now, if only she was a super freak under the sheets.

I shook off the sexual thought, AGAIN.

"Wow, I never would have pegged you for a math nerd."

She kicked me with her bare foot. "Shut up! I never would have pegged you for someone who was nice enough to be decent to me like you've been. Besides, there's nothing wrong with being smart."

I leaned over and put my plate on the coffee table. "True. So, do you live on campus?"

"I did for a bit, but now I'm more like a nomad. I stay between here and my parent's house. Since Sky's back from her other school, we've been able to spend more time together. I really missed her being away."

"Did you just call yourself a nomad?" My heart was beating fast, because I knew she was reeling me in. For the first time, I'd let her take control of this game we were playing. If I didn't get my shit together, Lacey would have me by the balls. I swallowed the hard knot in my throat thinking about it.

She smiled in a reaction to my question. "I did. It seems fitting. I don't buy groceries or clean. My clothes are in duffle bags or laundry baskets."

"You know I have an extra room, with a bed in it. You can stay here whenever you want. Shit, I don't even care if you use the closet in there." What the f**k was I doing inviting her to come stay with me?

Lacey looked as shocked as I was for saying it. "Are you asking me to move in here? Do I look like live in pu**y to you?"

I was taking a sip of beer trying to think of a comeback so I didn't seem like such a pu**y. The beer came rushing out of my nose, burning my nostrils. "Jesus Christ, woman. I didn't say that at all. I said you could crash here, in my guest room. My mom brought over an old set. It ain't much, but it's a bed" I tried to smile it off, but already knew I'd opened up way too much. If I didn't start acting like a dickhead again, she was going to give me whatever I wanted, or didn't want. "Unless you're offerin' somethin' else."

She kicked me again. "I'm not!"

I had to come up with a good excuse for my comment. "I'm just sayin'. This is my first place. It's great, but I'm not used to livin' alone. Aside from you fightin' me every ten seconds, we get along. I wouldn't mind if you stayed every once in a while. Of course, if we had that kind of arrangement, we would have to discuss this new friendship."

"You don't get sex because I sleep in your guest room." She put her foot down on that one and I was almost glad she had.

"Nah, it would be the opposite. If you stayed here that much, we could only be friends; the kind that doesn't sleep together." I sounded like the biggest idiot. What kind of man tries to sleep with a woman, then invites her to stay over, only to not have her in his bed?

She caught me off guard by sitting down her plate and moving closer to me. Her hand was on my shorts. "You mean to tell me that even if I begged you to f**k me, you wouldn't do it?"

My dick was about to burst through my shorts. I swallowed hard and kept a straight face. "Yep. Relationships complicate things. I like my life and don't want drama. You're fun to be around and if we took things there, it would change. If I slept with you last night, or today, I probably wouldn't have offered for you to sleep here when you wanted to. In fact, I know I wouldn't have. It's a big boundary that I don't like crossin'." I needed her to buy what I was saying. Once she left my place, I could figure out how to let her see me with someone else. After that she'd hate me and stay away. I couldn't let myself feel so vulnerable. I hated the way she was making me feel.

Lacey climbed on top of me, ignoring my last comment. She started rocking her body back and forth and I knew that she knew I was hard and ready.

The little bitch climbed off of me and removed her panties. She touched herself before climbed back onto my lap. "This doesn't make you want me?" Her lips grazed over mine. "What about kissing?"

I tried to readjust, so it wasn't so obvious. I only had a few more seconds before I couldn't hold it in any longer. No man would have been able to resist being in that type of situation. "You're playin' with fire."

She teased my lips again. "I know you want this to happen. Are you afraid you won't be as good as you say you are?" Now she was challenging me. What was I supposed to do with that? I had a reputation to uphold.

My hands found her ass and just one touch sent me over the edge. I wanted her so f**king bad that my mouth was watering imagining it. I thought about the way her pu**y tasted and felt my dick jumping. "Trust me, that's not what I'm worried about."

She moved away from my lips and looked into my eyes. "What then?"

I felt like throwing up my arms and surrendering right there. Thankfully, my mind went back to Shayne and how hurt she'd been over him. I knew her intentions weren't because she was dying to be with me. It was the fact that was itching for a reason to get him back. She wanted a distraction and I wasn't going to be her escape.

I patted her on the hips and moved her off of me. "We need to just be friends. If you sleep with me, right now, you'll hate yourself in the mornin'. This ain't about you wantin' me, it's about Shayne. If you were someone else, I'd already have you in bed, givin' you all I have to offer, but I can't do it with you."

Lacey looked pissed. "Why? What's wrong with me? Why am I different? Am I all used up or something?"

I leaned my back against the couch and covered my face while I thought of the logical thing to say. It wasn't every day that I was turning away a half naked woman that had been sitting on top of me, offering herself. "This is why I don't get serious." I was too messed up to rationalize what was running through my mind. "You think we met for the first time in Ford's apartment upstairs, don't you?"

She nodded.

"That ain't when I first noticed you. I saw you with Shayne several times and knew I wanted you even then, but also knew it was wrong. You were taken and seemingly happy. When I found out you'd broke up, I was happy, because I knew I could make a play at you. The more I got around you, the more I realized you were different. I'd never seen someone that made my dick hard with just a smile. Those deep dimples of yours make me f**kin' crazy. When you're sad, I find myself carin' and wantin' to make you forget. It scares the shit out of me knowin' that I can't f**k you, because I know I'd get lost in you, Lacey. I'm too damn stubborn to do it to myself. I'm happy where I am in life. I don't want complicated."

She just stared at me, like she was sitting across from a complete stranger. "You need to put on them panties and stop messin' with me, because we both know what's goin' to happen if you don't."

When she stood up, I thought she was going to start crying and leave. Instead she looked right at me as that t-shirt was pulled overtop of her head. Lacey stood there, completely naked in front of me. "This isn't about Shayne anymore and you know it. You think I could leave this morning and not think about how it makes me feel to touch you. When you kiss me, my body reacts like it never has before. I should be crying about a failed relationship, but at the end of the day, being with you is all I can think about. I'm tired of fighting myself and lying to you. I won't be in the guest room, although I appreciate that offer. I'll be waiting in your bed. When you're ready to face me and get lost in whatever this is going on between us, you know where to find me."

I watched her walk into my bedroom, leaving me sitting there alone, and turned on. There was no doubt that I wanted her and after what she'd just said to me, I knew we were both on the same page. I could fight what I was feeling and walk away, because she'd just keep coming back. Lacey was right and I needed to face my fears. Whatever I was feeling for her was making me crazy. Instead of fighting it, I needed to see it through. After chasing her for so long, I couldn't stop myself.

So I followed her into the bedroom, knowing damn well everything that I'd ever known about myself was going to change.

Chapter 12

I got as far as the doorway before I was taken back by her beauty. There she was sprawled out on my bed, ready for the taking. Normally, I would have pounced on that shit and never looked back. It wasn't like there were some kind of strings attached. Lacey knew as well as anyone how I was. I never kept it a secret. In fact I was content knowing that women expected nothing from me but satisfaction.

My ability to keep up with my lifestyle had been turned to shit when it came to this woman. I'd been with plenty of them through the years and none had made me feel so vulnerable and indecisive. As much as I wanted to keep rejecting her, I equally wanted to explore why she had me so f**ked up in the head.

I knew that unless I went forward with it, I'd never be able to shake her out of my mind and get on with my life.

I walked over to the bed and looked down at her, knowing damn well that this could make or break me.

"This is bad." I leaned into her and kissed the back of her hand. "We don't have to do this. I can wait until you're over him."

She wasn't having it. I'd given her a way out and she was refusing it. "Shut up and kiss me."

After laying down on the bed, Lacey climbed on top of me and I wrapped my arms around her. We kissed, differently than I was used to. Hell, there were a lot of times when kissing hadn't even been part of sex. Lacey's tongue met mine and my stomach began to knot up. I was slowly losing control and contemplating giving up on the fight, because she felt so good to me.

"I want you." She whispered while looking directly at me.

I drug my thumbs over her wet mouth, touching the lips that had just been on mine. "I want you, too." I couldn't deny it anymore, I wanted her so bad that I was going to explode right there on the bed.

I kissed all over her soft skin, working my way from her face to her ears. She smelled like my soap and I got off knowing that I'd been with her in there, even if it were brief. I closed my eyes while still using my tongue against her lobe.

Without regard for her being completely engulfed in my kisses, I grabbed her and positioned her on top of me. Her legs straddled me and I felt like I was in control again.

That was until she reached down and took ahold of me. When her little fingers brushed over my tip, I groaned. She was so gentle, unlike anything I'd ever experienced. As she took her time getting familiar with my cock, I laced our other hands together. It was an unusual move for me. I'd never really gotten involved emotionally before. I had to keep reminding myself that it wasn't just about me. Lacey needed to feel wanted. She was doing this because her heart was broken. No matter if it was for paybacks, or she really wanted to experience what I had to offer. I decided that I was going to give her something she'd never forget. I couldn't hold back with her, but I also couldn't be aggressive. She needed to go slow and be devoured with tenderness.

It was hard to not look down at what she was doing. Lacey was going at it, but I pulled her hand out of my shorts. "You're so God damn beautiful." I licked my lips and leaned in to kiss her again as she came up to face me. Her lips felt so good against mine, almost like tasting a fine wine after a perfect meal.

She dug her hand into my hair as our kissing became intense. She kissed slow and passionate and I matched her movements enjoying how I could feel it from my lips to my toes. This chick was already showing me that she was going to be the one blowing me away.

I leaned on an elbow and took my time exploring her br**sts, one at a time.

Things were moving too fast and it was only going to be a couple more minutes before I was busting my load. I needed to slow things down to prevent it from happening. I knew she was shocked when I jumped off the bed and went running out of the room.

I'd already done enough exploring of her body to make me crazy. Even though I wasn't near finished with getting to know every inch of her skin, I knew it was important to her that I take my time. After rushing into the kitchen, I grabbed a couple things out of the refrigerator and headed back into the bedroom.

Lacey was lying there on her back. Her knees were bent up and I caught a eye full of pu**y before remembering what I was planning on doing.

Since food had been so important in every aspect of my life, I found pleasure in bringing it into intimate situations. When I was done with Lacey, she'd taste like fresh strawberries and cream and I couldn't wait to lick all that flavor off of her.

I climbed back on the bed, eager to spread fresh strawberries in between those sweet pu**y lips. "Close your eyes, Lacey."

"You're scaring me."

"Just close your eyes. I swear I won't hurt you."

I started with her nipple, circling the cold fruit slowly around it. She gasped and opened her eyes to see what I was using. A half smile shown across her face when she discovered the culprit. She bit down on her lip, but kept watching what I was doing.

"Close your eyes."

"It's cold," she whined.

I reached down and sucked on her nipple, savoring the flavor of the fruit and the way her skin felt against my lips. My tongue left a strand of saliva that I immediately used to blow on, making the tips of her br**sts rock hard. Then I rubbed the strawberry over it again. I kept repeating the process, listening to her arousal while doing it.

Lacey opened her eyes as I brought the used fruit up to her lips. She let me feed her and I couldn't help but kiss her as she chewed. "Your pu**y's next."

She started to cover herself, as if my words had made her embarrassed. I pulled her hand away and looked between her legs while pulling out another strawberry from the bag. Her naked muff was begging for attention and I was about to give her plenty.

Lacey clenched the sheets as I began to rub it over her clit. She bucked with every swift stroke, making tiny sounds each time.

I rolled it around in circular motions, and she cried out more and more, touching her br**sts and pinching at her ni**les. I kept taking turns rubbing the strawberry over her clit and licking it until she cried out loudly in the bedroom.

She was still panting when my mouth dove back down and took her pu**y full on. She tasted of fruit and orgasm, in which I began lapping up both, while sucking in her outer lips and tugging them with my teeth.

My tongue teased her clit, her pu**y and even further down on her taint. I could tell she felt uncomfortable, but it wasn't going to stop me. She needed to know that I wasn't going to back down until I knew I was the best she ever had.

I f**ked her sweet pu**y with that strawberry and made sure she was watching as I ate it whole. Then I went back at it again, flicking her bud with my tongue at such a rapid pace that I knew she was back on the brink of screaming out my name.

As much as she was rubbing on her titties, I wanted even more of a show. She didn't fight me when I grabbed her hand and pulled it down to her wet cunt. I held her fingers and showed her what I wanted to see before letting go and watching her following my directions. I don't know which got me off more; seeing her play with herself, or knowing she was doing it because I wanted her to.

I knew she was close and my rock hard c**k was making it's presence known. I moved her hand away to suck on her clit again. Right away, she began to buck uncontrollably one more time. She clenched the sheets and cried out something that wasn't in the English dictionary.

I smiled and placed kisses on her inner thighs. "That's two."

Once I made it back up to her face, we kissed slowly. I knew she could taste her pu**y and when her tongue licked my chin, it let me know she liked it, too. She smiled and looked me in the eyes. "How many do you expect to give me?"

"That's for me to know and you to find out. Prepare yourself for a long night. I can cum twice before I need a sandwich break."

Lacey teased me with her tongue. "Prove it!"

"Are you challengin' me? You do realize that I've made you cum four times now and never even f**ked you?"

She seemed shocked at my wording, but came back at me with something unexpected. "Give me what I want, Joey."

This was when everything changed for me. The game had already been thrown out the window. I was diving into uncharted territory with a woman that made me feel things I didn't want to feel.

As I pulled off my shorts and stared at her delicious prize, I took a deep breath and decided to go for it. I'd be able to recover. I always did. There was no way a woman could change me.

No way.

Once I had a condom on for protection, I took a hold of my c**k and teased her pu**y, making it a point to rub against her clit. Even I could tell how swollen she was and we hadn't even f**ked.

I looked back up at her mouth and needed to feel her lips on mine. Our tongues played around together, slowly, keeping the same matching pace. Lacey put her hand in my hair and kept our kisses going. The more we did it, the more I enjoyed it. I could actually picture myself making out with the chick all night long. It was so elementary, but yet still enticing. Her magic tongue meshed with mine, giving me new sensations all over my body, and rushing pulses in my cock.

It was hard not to touch her, everywhere possible. Her skin was like a human magnet, forcing my hands to explore her. She reacted to my touch and I bit down on her bottom lip and pulled. She moaned and I positioned my dick right where it needed to be. She was ready and I wasn't backing out. The play time was over.

I entered her slow, inch by inch filling those tight walls. She felt amazing, so new to me and her muscles reacted to my girth. As Lacey stayed aroused, her pu**y spasmed, giving me heightened pleasure. I kept kissing her, savoring those lips while penetrating her.

Little cries escaped her the first few thrusts, but I never stopped dragging my mouth over her skin.

Lacey wrapped her legs around my back and clung to me as our bodies rocked together. She clenched me harder and cried out for the third time. As pleased as I was, I still wasn't finished. She needed to be famished when I was done with her.

A few minutes later, I knew I had to change things up. I flipped her over and patted her hips. "Ride me."

She climbed on top of me and did all the work while putting it back inside of her. Her rhythm was fantastic and I liked watching her tits bobbing all around as she worked up a sweat.

I couldn't take my eyes off of hers. She was so f**king beautiful and even though I didn't care very much for the mixed feelings I was having, I couldn't get over how much I liked being intimate with her.

When I finally blew my load, Lacey came with me, tightening up as we both froze in place. I dug into her ass until the last oozing drops of hot se**n had come out of me. She fell down over my chest and, I don't know why I did it, but I wrapped my arms around her and held her tight.

"You weren't lying," she confessed.

I couldn't help but get cocky again, knowing I'd achieved my goal. "Woman, we're just gettin' started."

Chapter 13

It was a damn shame that I woke up knowing I had to go work at my mother's diner, because Lacey looked amazing lying naked in my arms. That wasn't even the only reason that I wanted to stay either.

For the second time, she'd spent the night in my bed and I hadn't felt uncomfortable. In fact, I wouldn't have let her leave if she wanted to, last night. Being with her felt right. The problem was, I didn't know how to act about it. This was all new and the idea of having to impress someone, made me uneasy. I made my own rules and didn't answer to anyone. Lacey had just gotten out of a terrible situation and I knew she expected to be treated right. I knew that sleeping with her would have consequences, but after actually doing it, my head was all messed up.

I went into the bathroom and dressed before coming back into find her still on the bed where I'd left her. Gently, I leaned over and kissed the top of her head. It was little things that reminded me she was so fragile and unlike anyone else I associated with.

Writing her a little note would let her know where I went without waking her.

Lace:

Had something to do this morning. Help yourself to anything in the kitchen. I'll be back around 3pm.

J

I didn't have anything to hide in the house, not that she seemed like the snooping type. When I pulled out of the driveway, I knew the day was going to drag. One thing I was certain of though. I couldn't wait to get back into bed with her again.

On my way to the diner, I checked my phone and had several messages from Candace. It seemed that she had concocted some plan to make things better after our misunderstanding. For me, things were already settled, but knowing she was up to something made me curious.

I shot her a text message back, letting her know that I was busy for the whole weekend. I may have arrangements already with several women, but I wasn't into f**king one while another was already in my bed waiting for me.

Plus there was the obvious confusion that I was experiencing when it came to being intimate with Lacey. I couldn't shake the difference in being with her as to being with anyone else. She heightened my senses and although her methods were quite normal, something about her made them seem better than others.

Thinking about Lacey and that sweet pu**y made my dick hard. I turned on talk radio for the rest of the ride to recover before stepping out of the car and revealing that result to anyone looking.

Once I'd made it to the diner, I spotted my brother's vehicle parked in the back. This time the windows weren't fogged up and there wasn't a questionable female in the backseat. Jamey was out of his car, leaning on the rear bumper with his foot. He had a smoke hanging out of his mouth and cocked an eyebrow when I caught his glance. "Bout' time your ass got here."

I took off my jacket and placed it in my backseat so it wouldn't smell of fried food when I got off. "Keep on runnin' your mouth and I'll tell Mom who you had in this very parkin' lot."

He flung his cigarette and started walking toward the back door with me. "Suck on my balls, bro. You're just pissed you can't hit somethin' so young anymore."

I smacked the back of his head as we walked in. Our mother, like always, got up at the crack of dawn and headed in early to prepare for a busy morning shift. Saturdays, especially in the fall and winter were especially crowded on account of it being hunting season. The locals poured in after being in a tree stand or duck blind for hours, freezing their asses off.

More than half of them wanted to nail my mother. The reality of knowing that kept me up some nights, in disgust. What really rubbed me the wrong way was that those men that wanted her were mostly married.

It was the people like that who made me rethink ever being in a committed relationship. Why should anyone put themselves through the stress of being with just one person for the rest of their lives? I, for one, didn't want to wake up every single day wondering if I was going to want and need something more.

Besides, there had never been a woman that made me want to only be with her. Maybe my standards were too high and I expected something that was never feasible. At any rate, I liked my life and knew I'd never be hurt in the process. I'd seen too many of my loved ones destroyed because of their relationships. If they'd just lived like me, none of them would have gone through that misery.

Thirty minutes later we were open for business. My brother put on an apron and his famous smile and greeted every woman that came in with what he thought was charm. I got a kick out of watching them curl up their faces knowing he was mostly full of shit. Only the young girls, who were too naive, fell for it.

Jamey may have claimed that Peyton was different, but it didn't stop him from getting numbers. In fact, I watched him scoping out this chick while she sat there eating with her family. When she got up to go to the restroom, he made his move.

Five minutes later, he came back to the kitchen with a number on his hand and glitter all over his neck and face. I shook my head and pointed at it. "You need to clean up, before mom sees that you're fraternizing with the customers again."

"I can't help it if they jump me."

"Bullshit! I saw your pathetic game. Kid, you need to grow up. Just the other night you were sayin' how Peyton was different."

He laughed. "What she don't know won't hurt her." He nudged me. "Right?"

"That ain't exactly how it works, Jamey."

"Ain't that how you roll?"

I just shook my head and hit the bell notifying that an order was up. "You've got a lot to learn about women, that's for sure. Now, get your ass out there before mom sees you."

Once again, to remind me of why I lived so comfortably, my brother was a perfect example of why I wasn't into committing.

Throughout the day I thought about Lacey. I was so conflicted when it came to her and wanting more. I felt like if I just got it all out of my system, I could move forward and the curiosity would be over with.

She was rattling my chains, so to speak.

I reckon my mother could read me better than anyone. I'd tried to avoid conversation and stay focused on cooking and getting out of there. All I wanted was to be back in that warm bed, between those pretty legs.

When things got slower, she approached me. "Son, what's gotten into you this mornin'? You've said two words to me all day."

"Nothin'. I'm tired, that's all."

She forced me to look at her and did this thing where she stared so hard at you that you swore she could see into your soul. "That's not it. There's somethin' else. Are you in some kind of trouble?"

I shook my head. "Naw, it's nothin' like that. I ugh, I had company over last night."

She knew me and immediately seemed shocked. "Did this company stay the night?"

She'd lived with me enough to know that I went to bed alone every single night. I didn't stay over women's houses and they didn't stay at mine. "Yeah, she slept over."

"You know what you're doin'?" She kept shaking her head.

"I'm fine. It's nothing to worry yourself about."

"It's not you I'm worried about, son. The moment you open those big brown eyes and feel something for a woman, that wall that your keeping up is goin' to come crashin' down. I don't think you're even prepared for what it's goin' to do to you."

I was in denial and was certain she didn't know what she was talking about.

"It's all good, mom." I touched her shoulder and looked into her eyes. "That's never goin' to happen."

My mother, seemingly annoyed over me being hardheaded, walked away. "Don't say I didn't warn ya, Joey."

My mom would always assume she knew what was going through my mind. If she had even an inkling of my lifestyle she'd have a heart attack over it. She was so old school and had even rooted for my aunt and uncle to reconcile after years of being apart and her turning into a junkie. She believed the good outweighed the bad in everyone. Another thing about my mother was that she longed to have grandchildren, and did her best to remind me of it every chance she got.

To be honest, I never really thought about having children, at least not until I was in my forties. I had long term goals that were more important, plus since I didn't want to settle down, I didn't see it possible for a woman to be alright with that. Besides, if I had my own child, I'd want them in my home and living with a woman was out of the question.

Then I thought about Lacey and how I'd asked her to stay in my guest room whenever she wanted. I thought about how great it felt when I woke up with her in my arms.

I shook off the thought and focused on getting finished and getting back. At any second my mind would bounce back to reality and I'd stop thinking about where she was or what she was doing.

I stopped by the store on the way home and grabbed a six pack, knowing I'd need at least six beers after I told her she couldn't stay another night. I'd made up my mind that I needed to walk away, to prevent from losing my grip of what was important. She was just a woman.

It was just pu**y.

I pulled into the driveway with a clear conscience, determined to put an end to things. With a brown bag in my hand, I walked into my place. Lacey's car was still outside, but she wasn't anywhere to be found.

My stomach dropped and out of nowhere, another bout of feelings came over me. I had to find her, to see why she wasn't in my bed waiting for me. I was so f**ked up in my head, mad with myself over my inability to take control that I didn't realize for a second what I was walking into.

Chapter 14

Ford greeted me at the door and I could tell from the look on his face that he knew I'd f**ked Lacey. He pressed his lips together and shook his head at me, like I was such a disappointment. "Hey, man. Is Lacey around?"

"Why do you want to know? You want to fill her head with more bullshit? I told you to back off, cuz." It pissed me off that he thought he could make decisions for me.

"She knew what she was doin'."

"Just go back to your place. Lacey's restin'." He had a hand on the door, like he was going to do whatever it took to keep me outside.

I tried to push passed him.

He raised his voice. "I said you're not comin' in here and fillin' her head with lies."

"Back off with that. I just want to talk to her." I held my hands out like I didn't want to fight with him.

"Is that what you told her to get her into bed with you, Joey?"

I got up in his face and heard her screaming from the hallway. "Stop!"

I pointed to Ford and had a dirty look on my face. "This fool won't let me talk to you. Tell him we're cool, Lace."

She froze, like she was in denial of everything that had happened between us. She looked petrified of me. "I'm going to stay here tonight."

I shouldn't have cared. It would have been better if I listened, but I couldn't control the things that came out of my mouth when it came to her. "What did I do?"

"I'm sure you can call someone else to keep you company. Do you keep a black book or do they just show up on certain days of the week?" I don't know what was worse; her knowing I could make a phone call, or her calling me out on it.

I had to deny it, because seeing her look at me that way sucked. "Lace, I don't know what you're talkin' about."

"I think you should go, Joey." She was adamant.

I threw up my hands and started walking out. "This is bullshit and the reason I don't get involved. See ya'll later."

It only took me a second to lock up my place and climb on my bike. I needed to get the f**k away from them, before shit got real. I was pissed at Ford for c**k blocking me and pissed at Lacey for not admitting she had a good time with me.

There hadn't been a plan to where I was headed, but when I pulled up at Candace's place, I knew just what I needed to get my head straight.

She must have heard my bike, because she met me at the front door. "Joey? What are you doin' here?"

"Is it a bad time?" I walked up the porch steps and was nearly a foot away from her. She was trying to read me. That I could tell.

"Are you okay?"

"I could be better." I ran my hand into her hair and yanked her head back. "How about you make that happen?"

She looked around and pulled me inside while walking backwards. As soon as the door had shut, it was on like Donkey Kong. I flipped us around and lifted her up, shoving her hard against he metal front door. I went to kiss her but she moved her head to the side. "Wait. I thought you said that you didn't want to do this. You made it clear we were going to stick to our schedule."

I shoved her again and her head hit the door again. "I didn't f**kin' come here to talk." I kissed her hard, without feeling and felt her begin to reciprocate. Her legs wrapped around my waist and her tongue had begun to match my vigorous rhythm.

Candace started grinding her pelvis into mine, letting me know she was ready and willing. I carried her into the bedroom and tossed her on the bed. "Take off your clothes."

She started slow, as if I was going to get off on watching her. Since I wasn't there for entertainment, I turned around before beginning to unzip my jeans. When I spun around, with my c**k hanging out of my pants, she was sitting there naked. "Where do you want me?"

I growled seeing her nude body laying there ready for me. It was too planned out though and it pissed me off. I reached over, grabbed one of her legs and twisted her around. Her ass perked up and I smacked it hard. As I started to rub it, she turned around. "What happened to get you so worked up. You can talk to me, you know? We've been friends forever, Joey."

I leaned in like I was going to kiss her. "I don't want to f**kin' talk, so stop askin'."

She started to cry and it only fueled my anger more. A flat hand came slapping against my cheek. "Fuck you! Get the f**k out of my house!"

I grabbed her hand as she was about to do it again. "You wanna get rough? I'll f**kin' show you rough." I grabbed my belt and tied her hands to the headboard. I could see fear in her eyes and it made me want to cum all over naked body.

One hand ran between her tits and down her abdomen. "Are you scared of me, Candace?"

She shook her head. "N..No!"

I let out a laugh. "Don't lie to me."

"I'm not afraid." Her eyes were filled with tears.

I leaned down and kissed on her clit softly, before looking into her eyes. "I came here for one thing and you're goin' to give it to me aren't you?"

She nodded.

I pulled away from her body, reached up and untied her hands. "You know what I want, don't you?"

She nodded again. "You promised we wouldn't do that anymore. It scares me."

She knew exactly what I was talking about.

"This ain't about you. It's about me. Are you goin' to behave?"

I stood up and took off my pants completely before climbing back on the bed. Candace jumped off and ran out of the room. Immediately, I felt like an insensitive prick. Not only had she begged me not to get rough like that again, but she'd explained why.

When we'd been in high school she had a boyfriend that beat her up repeatedly. When she told her parents, her father said she was making up the story for attention.

The beating continued until she was hospitalized. The kid, after being arrested and sent to a juvenile detention center, never showed his face in town again. I guess maybe his family moved away, but the damage had already been done.

I sat up in the bed and rubbed my face with my hands before going to look for her.

She was sitting in the kitchen, with a cigarette in her hand. I could see how bad she was shaking as I got closer. I placed my hand on her shoulders and began massaging them. "Sorry."

She shook my hands away. "I can't do this anymore, Joey. For years I've thought that you'd change someday, but it's never goin' to happen. I've tried to not have feelin's for you. I've tried to act like none of this bothers me, but I know you see other women and you showin' up once a week for sex isn't enough for me anymore. You're never goin' to love anyone. I get it. I just can't deal with it any longer. So, please, just go. Find someone else."

I wasn't surprised that she was over-reacting, but didn't want to walk out that door and have hard feelings between us. It was also obvious that I couldn't feed her with false hope. "I care about you, Candace. That's not a lie."

She shook her head, but wouldn't look at me. "I'm tired of waitin' for someone that's incapable of lovin' someone. Face it, Joey. The only woman that you'll ever give two shits about is your own mother."

"It ain't my fault, you know. I can't make myself feel somethin' that I don't."

She finally turned around and gave me the most disappointing look. "I never asked you to lie. This is on me. I let it go on for too long. My problem is that I wanted more. I want a family and a future. I can't live here and give massages for the rest of my life. I can't wake up every day knowing that the man I'm in love with is out f**kin' women with no regard for our feelin's. And you know what? They're probably in love with you, too, you son of a bitch."

"I thought we were on the same page." Surely the other women in my life weren't like Candace.

"You thought wrong," she argued and took another drag of her cigarette.

I sat down across from her and took her hand. "Look, how about you come back to your room and I make you feel better?"

She picked up a bottle of water that was sitting on the table and threw it at my head. I swatted it away with my hand and stood up while she began to scream.

"Get out! Get the f**k out of my house!"

I kicked the bottle of water before busting out of her front door and not looking back. Candace would most likely call apologizing in a couple days, especially when I didn't show up on Wednesday. I'd been an insensitive ass**le and I knew it.

My day kept getting shittier and I knew the best thing for me was to go home. My attempts at relieving stress had caused me even more.

Once I got on the highway, my mind left Candace and went right back to Lacey and how she'd dissed me. Now, because of her, I'd lost my Wednesday standing appointment. No woman had ever pulled my strings and gotten me so messed up in the head. If I didn't figure out what the hell was going on, I was certain I would lose my mind, or burn even more bridges.

Getting into Lacey's pants was turning out to be more drama than I had anticipated. Had I have known that this would be the outcome, I may not have done it.

Or maybe I would have.

I pulled into the driveway and saw that she wasn't there. Ford was outside washing Sky's car. I think he knew what I was going to ask, even before I opened my mouth. "How do I reach her?"

He laughed and kept squirting the hose. "Seriously, man. Let it go. Can't you see that she doesn't want this? Sky spent the whole day tryin' to get her to calm down. Now she's upset too. I told you to stay away. We both know you have plenty bitches to call for pu**y. Why'd you have to reach in her honey pot?"

I ran my hand through my hair and looked around the yard. "I don't know. She's just different."

He got up in my face and tossed the hose on the ground. "You're damn right she's different. She's not a hoe. Lacey's a nice girl that's got enough guy problems. You're the last thing she ever needed to get involved with. Do the right thing and let it be. Please for the sake of my girlfriend cuttin' me off forever. You're screwin' with my dick man."

I scrunched up my face, realizing what needed to be said. The words felt like poison coming out of my mouth. "I like her, Ford. She's in my head."

"Well, you need to stop thinkin' about it."

Chapter 15

I made it into the house before I let my temper fly. My keys were the first thing that I tossed across the room. I was more frustrated than pissed off. Lacey was obviously pissed about sleeping with me, while my cousin was basically threatening me to back off and leave her alone.

I wanted answers and I was determined to get them.

Since Ford was going to be a dick about me calling her, I took it upon myself to find a way to reach her. Social media was the easiest solution and after looking on Sky's page I was able to find Lacey. I didn't know how often she checked her messages, but I knew that she'd eventually talk to me.

I thought about what I wanted to say to her. For the most part I wanted to let her know how pissed I was about her avoiding me. Knowing that if I took that approach, she'd definitely refuse a conversation. Lacey was fragile and unlike earlier with Candace, I needed to be more sensitive.

I typed a short personal message and hit send.

Lace, if I said something or did something to piss you off, I don't know what it was.

I watched the screen, waiting for her to reply, but nothing happened. The thing was, in the certain messenger program that I had, I could see that she'd read it.

She needed more coaxing. You came on to me last night. I didn't make you take off your clothes and seduce me.

The screen said she was typing and I sat there on the couch waiting for what she was going to say. Part of me was just hoping she would say that Ford was making her stay away.

It was a mistake.

Her words were like a knife. I'd known all along that I was trying to get into her pants from the moment we met. The thing was, something had changed. I wasn't okay with her regretting our night together.

I needed to remind her. She couldn't keep denying what I witnessed for myself.

You didn't act like it last night, when I was making you cum over and over. What happened? Did you like it too much? Are you afraid to admit that it was even better than I said it would be? Is that what's gotten you in such a tizzy?

Her response was short and cold, again.

Leave me alone, Joey!

I had to offer another approach. I got Lacey into my bed after driving her crazy for weeks. If anything were to get her attention, it was that.

I can't do that. You see, ever since I tasted your sweet pu**y, it's all I can think about. I f**ked up four orders today at the diner because I couldn't stop thinking of how good it felt to wake up next to you.

It took her a few minutes to respond and when she did, she was wasn't forthcoming. Instead, she was pushing my buttons right back.

I bet you tell that to all of the girls.

She had just given me a virtual kick in the balls. I deserved it, I suppose. I mean, I'd done nothing but brag about my lifestyle to her. Of course she was going to throw it all in my face. If I wanted this woman to ever be in my bed again, I had to keep my cool and remember she wasn't like the others.

I've never lied to you, Lacey. I've also never let a woman stay the night, because it made things personal. You're the first woman to spend the night in my arms.

I don't believe you.

How could I blame her?

I don't believe you either. You act like last night wasn't great for you. I woke up wanting more and I know you did too. Now, I don't know what happened while I was gone, but something got you spooked. I'll leave you alone, but you know where to find me when you're ready to admit that you want more.

I hate to burst your bubble, but you aren't as good as you think you are.

Our conversation wasn't going as planned. Instead of wooing her back to my place, I was getting shot down. Her defensiveness kept me motivated.

Does it bother you more that you enjoyed it, or the fact that I was right all along? Tell me, Lacey, when you're naked in that bed, will you close your eyes and picture me eating that sweet pu**y? Did you memorize how I f**ked you and made you cum with my tongue?

Don't you have someone else to annoy?

I shut my laptop and sat it down next to me. I'd tried so hard to get her to admit she enjoyed being with me, but instead I was wondering if maybe I'd been imagining it. I needed to hear her voice to be sure. Typing shit on the computer was easy, but saying it out loud to the person was harder.

Ford was going to be pissed, but I went over to his place and told Sky I couldn't find my phone. She gave me hers to take over to my place and look for it. I wasted no time closing my door and dialing Lacey's number.

She answered assuming it was her best friend.

"I'm fine. I even ignored Joey when he tried to talk to me. Are you proud of me?"

I couldn't keep from laughing. I hadn't even asked anything and she was already proving what I suspected.

"You're sexy when you're playin' hard to get."

"Joey? Seriously, how did you get Sky's phone? I know she wouldn't just give it to you." She was obviously pissed.

"I told her I couldn't find mine, so I needed to borrow hers to call it. I knew she wouldn't just let me call you and I knew you wouldn't answer if I tried from my phone. We need to talk, Lace. I gave you what you wanted last night, even after tellin' you that it was goin' to change things between us. Don't give me that bullshit that I need to leave you alone. You and I were the only people in that bed last night and I know you weren't thinkin' about anyone else but me."

She wouldn't answer. I checked the phone to make sure she hadn't hung up.

"Say something, Lacey."

"What do you want me to say? Do you want to hear that last night was amazing? Do you want me to say that I can't get you out of my head? Is that how you get off? Do you like stringing women on?"

I didn't call her to have a deep conversation, but there we were. I knew Ford and Sky had been telling her to stay away, albeit I didn't appreciate them painting a picture of me that they had no business doing. Nobody knew about the women I was with except for them and me.

I bit my tongue before saying something that would make her hang up and never speak to me again. I got into a state of panic imagining her hating me. Once again, I was weeding through uncharted territory and I couldn't stop even if I tried. The truth was, I had real feelings for Lacey. Admitting it out loud was the first step in figuring the rest out.

"What the f**k? Who has been puttin' this bullshit in your head? Did I ever make you feel like you were one of many? I told you that you were different and I meant that shit. If you were just some other woman, I would have f**ked you and sent you on your way. That ain't what happened and you know it. You can believe everyone else, but it's a lie. I didn't just want to f**k you, Lacey. I thought you knew that."

"Maybe I'm more mad at myself."

"For what?"

"For thinking you could make me forget about Shayne. I'm sorry I used you, Joey. I'll stay away from Sky's place so you won't have to be around me."

"Lace..."

After she'd hung up, I stared at the phone.

For as long as I'd been involved with women, I'd never given two shits about feelings. My goals had been my first priority and I was determined to get what I wanted.

I never anticipated that some broad could come into my life and mess with my head the way that Lacey did. The worst part was that I'd done all of this to myself by pushing her to be with me. I'd caused all of this to take place and I couldn't regret it.

I didn't try to call Lacey back, or bother her online. She wanted space and I had to respect that. I'm not going to lie and say that it was easy knowing she was going on like nothing had happened between us. It drove me bat-shit.

Day after day I put on a straight face and went to work. The longer it went, the harder it was to not think about her. Wednesday came and went and Candace never called me. I drove by her house. Not only was her car not there, but the lights were all out in the windows, as if she wasn't home at all.

In a matter of about a month, everything was so f**ked up.

I had plans for success and after one night with Lacey, I was questioning everything. I couldn't sleep in my bed at night, because it reminded me of her. Not that I could rest anyway. Every time I closed my eyes, I thought about her and how it felt to have her in my arms. I wanted another chance to explore what was happening to me, but as the days went by, I was losing hope of it ever happening again.

On Thursday I got a call from one of my hookups. Her name was Sam and she no longer lived in Maryland. Her job had taken her to Seattle and she was only home to visit her sick mother. Since visiting hours were over around eight, she had time to kill and wanted to hook up.

I got cleaned up and headed over, hoping that Sam would be able to take care of the ache in my dick. Her hair was lighter, but still on the dark side and her bright blue eyes reminded me of all the fun we used to have together. She greeted me with a long kiss and by the time we pulled away, I had my arms around her. "Long time no see."

"You look good, Joey."

"So do you. Come inside and we can catch up."

She grabbed my hand and pulled me inside. I'd been in her mother's house before and not a lot had changed.

The woman owned a coffee shop and book store in a town called Trapp. She also sold unique books and gifts and had managed to make enough to send Sam to college.

Unfortunately, she had Lupus and it landed her in the hospital and unable to work. Sam had a brother, who always managed to take care of her, but he was in the military and doing a tour in Germany.

"I'm sorry about your mother."

She smiled and grabbed the front of my pants, pulling me up against her. "Thanks. How about we catch up after our clothes are off?"

My c**k started to respond to her offer, but something happened when our lips met for the second time, or maybe I should say nothing happened.

I was standing there, kissing this chick, with all intentions of f**king her senseless, and all I could think about was Lacey. I compared the way Sam's tongue played against mine. Her hands started to explore my chest and I thought about the first time Lacey had touched me that way.

My dick wouldn't react.

I smiled and ran my hands up her back, trying to clear my head so I could have a good time. Sam liked it rough. She liked to be spanked and use toys. I'd missed the fun we had together and was looking forward to doing it again.

For the first time in my life, my dick wouldn't respond.

I tried to think about the last time we'd seen each other.

Nothing was happening.

She pulled away and gave me a weird look. "Is there something you want to tell me, because from what I can remember, you never had trouble like this before." Sam reached down and touched my soft c**k over my jeans.

I backed up and shook my head, feeling quite embarrassed over my sudden predicament. "Fuck!"

"What's wrong?"

I put my hands on her shoulders and looked right into her eyes. "Sam, I'm real sorry, but this ain't goin' to happen."

I walked out before she could respond. She wouldn't be calling me again.

At least I had a picture to remember her by. At the rate I was heading, I'd be beating off to the pictures of women that I'd been f**king for years. It was pathetic.

Chapter 16

By the time that Friday rolled around, I was too messed up to go to work. The only place I went was to the liquor store to grab a case of beer. Instead of sitting on my couch and drinking the whole thing, I had six before noon and decided to work on the exhaust of my car.

It was starting to get dark when I heard a car pull into the driveway. Sky and Ford had been home for an hour, so I knew it had to be someone else. Considering that they'd ordered a pizza, and I was starving, I knew I'd be over their place eventually.

Then I recognized her shoes trying to run by before I could notice it was her. She wasn't getting away that easily.

It only took me a second to slide out from the under the car.

"Lacey, hold up a minute." I couldn't believe that she was actually in front of me.

She turned around and gave me a serious look. She seemed pissed to see me. "What?"

I knew I probably smelled like motor oil and filth and my hands were covered in grease. I ran my hands over my jeans to clean them before I touched her cheek. She closed her eyes for a second.

My heart began to beat faster when I noticed her reaction to my touch. Everything about that night and the connection we shared was obvious. It had been mutual, just as I had suspected. "Did you come here to see your friend, or me?"

She pushed me away. "Don't flatter yourself, Joey. I came here to see Sky. It's the weekend. This is where I come. Nothing has changed."

I wasn't about to take no for an answer. I pushed her against the building and reached between her legs, rubbing her over her pants. "Everything's changed. Stop pretendin' you don't want more."

She tried to fight her way free, but I wasn't about to let her go. My dick was already responding and since it had failed me the day before, I knew I needed release. Besides, I'd had so much pent up frustration over what she was making me feel that I wanted answers. "I don't."

I kissed her, with no regard for what might happen. I had those puffy lips against mine. In a matter of seconds I realized that she wasn't fighting me. She was kissing me back and it was full of emotion. The electrifying connection was back and I was starving for more of it.

I pulled away, to be able to look into her eyes. Admitting that I honestly missed a woman was something I never expected to be doing. I thought about how to say it and then Sky opened the door, breaking the moment between us.

I could see the look on her face and knew she didn't approve of me having her friend against the building. Sky was about to put her foot down when I decided to take control of the situation. "She's comin' home with me. Make sure you tell Ford we don't need any drama. Once my door's locked, ain't nobody stoppin' us."

Lacey didn't speak as I drug her into my apartment and shut the door. We were up against it and embracing immediately. She didn't need to say anything, because the truth was in the way she was responding to my touch. My dick was hard as a rock, which was reassuring as well as irritating. I needed to be inside of Lacey. She needed to be naked in my bed.

I pulled away and looked right into her eyes. Maybe she could sense how anxious I was to be with her. I felt like she was reading me, peering into my soul.

I pulled her shirt over her head without her fighting. Our lips met again and I let the fabric fall down to our feet.

I pulled away and sat her down on the couch, while remaining standing. She looked so beautiful, but I grabbed the rubber band and took it out of her hair. It fell down to her shoulders and she smiled. "You think you know me, but you're wrong. I've never lied to you about my intentions, but only withheld things about myself that you would prefer to not know."

I walked around the room thinking about where to take our conversation. The last thing I wanted was for her to walk out. Since she'd said nothing to me, I had to make sure she wasn't planning on going anywhere the moment she got the chance. My week had been hell and I knew I had to have her again. "Since you don't believe me, I think I should show you the difference between you and the other women I've f**ked."

"Is this where you tie me up and beat me so that you can cum all over my face and make me leave?" She shocked me.

I cocked my eyebrow then began to laugh. "Um, no. Is that what you like?" The way she said it made me want to burst into a laughing fit. Knowing she'd be pissed I tried my best to keep my composure.

She giggled. "Of course not."

Lacey obviously needed to know the why she wasn't the same. She needed to see that being with her was nothing like the other women I f**ked. "I don't want to do this, but you've given me no other choice."

"Do what?" For the first time, she looked scared of what I was planning on doing.

I grabbed the cups of her bra and ripped it open in the front. Lacey wasn't prepared for me to react so suddenly. She lost her footing and fell back against the couch. "When I f**k other women, I don't care about taking my time. They come for one reason and I give it to them." I started pulling off her jeans, lifting her off the couch as I did it. If she wanted to know the difference and understand that she was something entirely different, I was going to show her. "They never fight me."

Lacey stood up so that her jeans could come all the way off. She was up for the challenge and I was already hard knowing it. She took off her underwear and was standing there waiting for what was next.

What I had in store for Lacey couldn't happen in my bed, where we found so much pleasure in each other the last time we were together. She needed to experience sex without feeling, because she obviously didn't understand.

I picked her up over my shoulder and took her into the spare bedroom, where I tossed her down on the bed.

With no regard for the way she was looking at me, I started removing my clothes. Lacey expected me to kiss her, but there was no need for that to get what I wanted out of the experience. This was about no emotion.

I flipped her over and got situated behind her. I ran my hands over the smooth skin on her ass, then I smacked it hard. She let out a little cry before I rubbed where the sting would have been. I smacked it again, getting off on the way she reacted to it.

Before she could cry out again, or plead with me to stop, I entered her, without any warning. She was dry, which led me to believe that she was petrified. I couldn't stop, though. She needed to know and I wasn't backing down until she did.

Then, as I kept slamming myself into her tight, dry walls, she began to relax. In fact, I could tell she liked it because she was getting wet.

She was getting into it, so I pulled on her hair and forced a kiss across her lips. As she pulled away, I sucked her bottom lip into my mouth and tugged.

The more I expected her to fight me, the more she seemed to be enjoying it. It made no sense.

I couldn't stand it anymore. Lacey needed to be facing me.

It was easy flipping her over and putting her hands above her head. I kept them up with one hand, while I used my thumb on the other to massage her clit. I started f**king her again, this time noticing how wet she'd become. She fought to free her hands, but I wouldn't allow it.

This was about control and how I had it all.

Her head started hitting the bed as I pounded inside of her. My dick was on fire and I couldn't stop going at it.

I kept my focus on her pu**y and watching my rock hard c**k sliding in and out. My thumb kept rubbing her and I listened to her little cries as I did it.

When I came, I lost all sense of feeling for a couple seconds.

That's when I heard her crying.

It was the last thing I wanted to hear after what she'd put me through, playing her head games. Sure, I'd been guilty of doing the same thing. "The next time you want to compare yourself to someone else, maybe you should come to me first. You and I both know that I didn't f**k you like I do them. It was more than that and you need to start believing it if you ever want to find out what's been happenin' between us, Lacey."

She just kept looking at me, saying nothing at all.

Finally, I couldn't take the silence. I got up and walked out of the room, expecting her to calm down and see what we'd just done.

Lacey found me in the kitchen, smoking on a cigarette. Her eyes were pained and I immediately felt like shit over what I'd just done to her. No matter what I was trying to get her to see, I should have never treated her so disrespectful.

I pulled her into my arms. "I'm sorry. I didn't mean to be an ass**le. I'm just so f**kin' pissed you'd walk away after that night. Was I just imaginin' that there's somethin' between us?"

"No. I feel it too."

Finally!

I kissed her head and smelled the shampoo scent that lingered on her hair. "Lacey, I'm no good at bein' a boyfriend and I know you need time, but I can't let you walk away from this." It was the truth and Ford was right. She deserved better than me. Hell, I didn't even know the first thing about relationships or making them work. I knew how to please a woman and how to please myself. The rest was like speaking to someone that didn't understand English.

Shayne had already done a number on the girl. She was rebounding and I was her escape goat. If she expected me to make all of her fears go away, she was going to be mistaken and let down. I couldn't offer what I didn't know.

Still, with little faith in myself, she was done fighting me.

She really surprised me with her next comment, so much that I almost didn't know how to respond. "Take me back to your bed, Joey."

Chapter 17

It was hard to believe that she'd want me touching her after that episode, but there she was asking me to take her back to bed. I knew immediately that it wouldn't be in the guest room. I wanted to feel our connection again like we had the first night. For a week I'd thought about nothing but that.

I led Lacey into the bedroom and got her into bed, before going into the bathroom and brushing my teeth. I didn't want her to have to taste and smell something nasty. She was someone that I wanted to impress. It had to be perfect.

As I started brushing my teeth, I could feel my dick getting hard in anticipation. It was surprising since I'd just blown a full load.

I found Lacey in the bed where I'd left her. She noticed how ready I was to perform again and smiled. I wasted no time climbing on the bed and kissing her softly on the lips, hoping it would make up for what I'd just put her through. "Are you mad at me?"

She seemed uneasy. "You scared me."

I touched her nipple in between my fingers. "I'd never hurt you, or any woman, for that matter. If you weren't so stubborn, I wouldn't of had to show you the difference. You could have taken my word for it. Lacey, I'm not a whore. I just like sex. It can be casual and consensual between two people that have no interest in each other. You're different and you need to accept that or this can't happen."

"Okay," She whispered.

"After all of that hard to get shit, you're just goin' to agree?"

She nodded silently. "I think the guest room f**king helped."

"You liked it a little. Admit it." It was a dick assumption that I was hoping she would agree about.

I adjusted the way we were laying and positioned myself on top of her. Her blue eyes sparkled as I looked right into them. She licked her lips and seemed to be waiting for me to kiss her again. Then she let out an air-filled laugh. "My ass is on fire now. Next time, warn me. I felt like you were going all Nightmare on Elm Street."

"I guess you don't want to use my handcuffs and whips? Maybe I could break out my gag ball." I didn't really own a gag ball, but I did know a few people that did. I'd only said it to get a rouse out of her and it seemed to work.

She smacked me lightly on the chest. "You're a freak. Do you have a secret red room?"

"A what?" I had no idea what a red room was, nor did I know anyone that had one. Perhaps Lacey was into some freaky shit herself.

As I waited for her to start explaining and to tell me some dark sexual secret, she dropped the subject completely, but what she said made me forget about it anyway. "I did think about you."

"Oh yeah," I grabbed her hips and started moving her against me. "Were we naked?"

She bobbed her head up and then down, while biting on her lip. "Of course."

"I thought about you, too." I couldn't hold it in any longer. I wanted her pu**y. I needed to taste her and to feel how wet she was for me. In a swift move, she was on top of me and her pu**y was at my face. Her familiar fragrance filled my nostrils and I knew I had to dive in. I licked over her clit until she started trying to squirm. "Mmm, I thought about this every night. You taste like honeysuckle and I love that shit."

She said nothing as I began lapping up every inch of her swollen pu**y. Her hands were in my hair, pulling it as I worked her with my tongue. She let go and I watched as her fingers trailed over her own ni**les. She closed her eyes and touched herself, while I sucked and ravaged her sweet pu**y lips.

I f**ked her with my tongue, while vigorously rubbing on her swollen bud. Lacey began to cry out and I knew I had her where I wanted her. Her body began to shake, but she refused to take her eyes off of what I was doing to her. I sucked her pu**y into my mouth and tugged, while still massaging her clit with my thumb.

She was losing control and I could feel it happening against my mouth.

I tried to hold her still while kissing over her saturated muff, but she was losing control. It was messy and fulfilling at the same time, knowing that I'd given her such pleasure.

When she finally came to relax her muscles again, I kissed my way up her body. Our eyes met and a smile formed across my face as she bit down on her lip again.

I sucked on her neck and then below her mouth. "Suck it off my chin, Lace. Taste yourself and tell me how I make you feel when I'm sucking on that little clit."

She did as I told her, licking and sucking her orgasm off of my skin. When she pulled away, she licked her lips again. "Tasting myself makes me horny. It makes me want you to do it again."

I liked this new side of her and wanted her even more. "I'm not done with you tonight. When we're done, you'll be squirting that hot cum, feeling what it's like to lose total control of yourself. I love watching you do it," I ran my fingers over her clit. "But I know you can do better."

My hand went back at it, caressing her wet lips between her legs. She pushed me away, only so she could slide down and give my c**k some much needed attention. I wasn't going to deny her, considering I could feel my heart beating in my shaft.

She teased me by starting on my legs and working her way back up to the stiff erection I had waiting for her.

By the time she'd made it there, I was playing with her hair and watching her inch her way to my most prized bodily possession.

She licked my tip, like I was her favorite lolly. Her eyes closed and she did it again, this time moving her tongue slower over the head. I moaned and tried to keep my eyes open. It was hard to not grab her head and push her down over it. Her teasing me was killing my pride.

She got dirty, spitting on my c**k and running it over my shaft. Her smile looked wicked, like she knew she was showing me a different side that I'd never seen before. Then Lacey leaned down and licked from my balls to my shaft in one slow movement.

Her tongue applied pressure to the vein in the back, making me grab the sheets and close my eyes. This chick knew more about penis than she'd led on. She knew what spots were most sensitive and I liked that she'd taken the time to learn it.

I grabbed her head letting her know to repeat the process again. Feeling her tongue stroking me was pleasure in itself. Sure, I wanted her lips around my cock, but I could wait for that to happen when what she was already doing was bringing me so much fulfillment.

She sucked my balls into her mouth and her moaning vibrated through my body. I had a hold of her hair, but couldn't bring myself to control her since she was doing such a good job already.

She finally took me into her mouth and began roughly maneuvering her lips. Her hand jerked me while her lips sucked me hard. Lacey sucked me so hard that it almost hurt. I closed my eyes and tried not to lose it.

She finally pulled away, but kept massaging my dick. Her tongue licked all over my inner thighs, bringing me pleasure to places that longed to be touched.

Lacey wasn't just giving me head. She wasn't pleasing me like other woman did. She was better.

Her attention to detail and motivation to please me was nothing that I'd ever experienced before. She was completely vested in giving me pleasure and I couldn't wait to return the favor.

When I finally was able to open my eyes and watch her again, she was touching herself, while licking my taint. She spread my legs apart more and licked over my balls, sucking them in her mouth.

This chick was better than amazing and exceeding every expectation that I could ever have.

My dick was responding to her and it was ready to explode. She took me fully into her mouth, as if she knew it was coming and wanted every drip of it running down her throat. She took it too. Every last drop of my hot load was swallowed and I was left speechless.

Lacey still wasn't done with my cock. She started taking her tongue and f**king the hole at the tip, while slowly stroking me again. I wanted to yell and scream for her stop, but I couldn't because it felt too good.

Finally, she licked up my shaft and then over her lips. "Mmm, how did it feel?"

"You know the answer already." She knew it too.

"Give and you shall receive." This crazy little vixen wasn't leaving my bed anytime soon that was for sure. Need be, I'd call my mother and tell her that I couldn't help her out at the diner. If I was only able to see her on weekends, I'd have to get a good fill to hold me over.

"There's not enough hours in the day for me to be able to do the things I want to do to you."

She brought her lips to my ear and whispered, "I have nowhere else to be."

It was a good thing, because I was willing to tie her up to keep her from leaving. Hell, I was willing to do whatever she said after that episode.

I stayed on my back as she came up to be even with me. I wanted to f**k her again, but was too exhausted to move. We both lay there, staring at the ceiling.

A little while later, after getting cleaned up, I pulled her back into my arms. This was something that I'd never done with a woman, but doing it with Lacey felt natural. I enjoyed having her hold me and run her fingers over my skin.

I closed my eyes and tried to think of a time where I'd ever felt so satisfied with a woman.

I couldn't think of one time and it scared me. Lacey was different. I'd known that from the get-go. She'd expect things that I didn't know how to do and that worried me. How was I going to be able to keep her around if I didn't know the first thing about being in a relationship.

All of my years of sexual experimentation had left me without the simple knowledge to hold on to this beautiful woman and I hated myself for it. My mother had been right all along. Now I was knee deep up shit's creek and didn't know my ass from my face.

This was going to hurt.

Chapter 18

I woke up with Lacey in my arms and realized that I'd once again slept all the way through the night. It was so weird how I'd been denying myself a pleasure that I never knew existed.

She stirred and turned to look at me, but pulled the sheet over her mouth. "Hey."

I laughed. "Hey." I pulled the sheet over my mouth to mimic her. "Are we afraid of mornin' breath?"

She giggled. "It's gross."

"It doesn't bother me, because I'm waking up to something beautiful in my bed."

"I'm not kissing you until I brush my teeth."

I let down the sheet and pulled her closer to me. She screamed and refused to open her mouth. I kept my lips closed as I pressed them against hers. Then I brought my lips up to her ear. "I need more, Lace."

She giggled and gave me those eyes that made me nuts.

"I'm serious."

She climbed out of bed and started walking towards the bathroom naked. I had to admit that I liked watching. "I'm getting a shower."

I heard the bathroom door shut and knew she wasn't going to come out until she was satisfied with her appearance.

When I finally walked out into the living room, her phone was ringing. I could see who it was calling, and since he'd ruined our last time together, I wasn't about to let him do it again.

"Hello?"

"I must have the wrong number." Shayne should have recognized my voice.

"Are you looking for Lace?" I knew he called her that and it would piss him off that we were close enough to use nicknames. He was quiet for a minute, as if he was considering hanging up.

"Yeah. Is she around?"

"Is this Shayne?" I already knew the answer, but wanted to make it clear who he was talking to.

"Joey?"

I had to laugh at his realization. "Yeah, it's me."

"You need to leave her alone, dude." He was seriously trying to tell me that I couldn't see Lacey. That wasn't going to fly. I was already to vested to take the advice of him or my cousin.

"Come again?"

"Lacey. You need to walk away. Look, I don't blame you for wantin' a piece, but she's not a f**kin' toy. She wants somethin' real, man." As if he was real. He was a lying cheat.

"It ain't your business, Shayne."

I could hear him getting pissed and gritting his teeth when he talked. "She is still my business. You really think she would have run to you, if I hadn't pushed her away? Lacey's smart. She'll wise up and see how you really are and if I find out it's because you hurt her, you'll have Hell to pay."

I started laughing. "Now you're threatenin' me? I can promise you that Lacey's in good hands. She said that nobody's ever made her cum like I do."

"Fuck you!"

"Oh she is, over and over again."

"You're messin' with the wrong guy, Joey."

"Shayne, don't call Lacey anymore and watch what you promise. There ain't no way you'll win this battle."

I hung up before he could make any more of his bullshit threats. Quickly, I erased his number from the call log and prayed that he wouldn't call back. It was a dick move. I shouldn't have done it, but I wasn't letting her leave. I had to have more, no matter what the stakes were.

By the time Lacey was done with her shower, I'd already made coffee and was sitting on the couch. She came out in just a towel and from the sounds that I heard coming from in the bathroom, she'd given herself a morning recap of the events from the night before. She climbed on top of me and it was difficult to not get hard and take her right there on the couch. "I think we should do somethin' today."

I looked down at her collarbone and saw the water glistening across her skin. It would be so easy to remove the towel and start sucking on her tits. She brought my attention back when she corrected me. "We are doing something."

We kissed and she pulled away. "I meant go out. Let me take you out to dinner, on a real date."

She seemed utterly shocked that I wanted to do something other than f**k. It didn't surprise me. In fact, I deserved that kind of response. "You really want to take me out?"

I rubbed her arms and smiled. "Yes. Why are you sayin' it like that?"

She shrugged and gave me a confused look. "I don't know. Everyone says you don't ever do that. I just can't understand why you feel like doing it with me. You've already gotten me in bed, several times. Aren't I breaking every one of your rules?"

I couldn't stand knowing she was naked under that towel. I pulled it down and noticed her ni**les were already hard. My fingers played with them while I looked back into her eyes. "Rules are made to be broken, especially when they're with someone like you, Lacey. You made me f**kin' crazy when you wouldn't talk to me. I've never had to chase pu**y before. Not ever."

She leaned in and teased me with her sultry kisses and sexy tongue. "So, was I worth the chase?"

I pinched her ni**les and raised my brow. Did she really have to ask? "I can't get enough of you. Does that answer your question?"

"It answers that one, but you still haven't said what you want from me. Is this just sex? Are we friends with casual benefits? Forgive me for being blunt, I just need to know what I'm getting myself into. After Shayne, I can't be in the dark about anything."

She was blunt and I should have expected it. I should have prepared myself with an answer that was going to keep her satisfied, but I hadn't let myself think that far ahead. "I reckon you deserve answers then. Lacey, I'm not real sure what this is between us. I'm not the kind of guy that goes lookin' for women. I have understandin's and nobody complains. You're not like them. I get that you want some kind of label, because that's all you've ever known. I'm just not sure I can make promises without breakin' them. Do you understand?"

She was going to keep asking until she got what she wanted. "You say I'm different, but not different enough to just want to see me?"

"Don't put words in my mouth. I never said that. I've never had to answer to a woman. My life's been too busy to settle down. Things have changed and perhaps bein' with you could turn into somethin' more. It feels right, but I don't know how long it will last, so I don't want to lie about it. It's all new. I might just wake up one day and decide I need to be single. Do you understand?"

I could tell she didn't like it. How could a woman as good as she was reduce herself to my level. It wasn't fair to ask. "I appreciate that you're being honest about it. Most guys would tell me what I wanted to hear to shut me up."

I brushed the hair away from her face. "I'm not most guys."

"No, you're not." She got quiet after that and I didn't know what else to say without it becoming a deeper conversation than I was willing to go. One thing was for sure, whatever was happening between us had to be figured out. If I wasn't willing to let her leave, then it was obvious something was happening between us besides mind-blowing sex.

Lacey cuddled up with me on the couch for a while. We talked about food and what we were watching on television, but nothing about our personal lives. I wanted to know more about her, but asking would only give her reason to ask me the same in return. She didn't want to know about my life and I didn't know if I'd ever be willing to share it with her.

"I can't believe that I haven't gotten any phone calls today. I figured Sky would be blowing it up." She reached for her phone and started looking through it. All I could hope for was that she never found out about me talking to Shayne. If anything would make her leave, it was that.

"It didn't ring while you were in the shower." I didn't even look at her when I said it. Maybe I shouldn't have said anything, but I didn't want her asking.

Lacey didn't question it though. She went to put on the t-shirt that I'd laid out for her to wear. I should have sensed that something was wrong when she was taking a long time getting back to the living room.

After a few more minutes, I got up to see what was taking her so long. When I found her, I knew what had happened.

My stomach dropped when I saw the shocked look on her face. Before I started panicking and watching her freak out, I decided to stay calm. I sat down and took a deep breath before proceeding. "Ask away."

"There's like a dozen different women in those pictures, Joey."

I pointed to the dresser, knowing I better keep my shit together or I was going to be icing down my dick later after she left me high and dry, never wanting to speak to me again. "Go get them."

She walked over, grabbed the pictures and put them in my hand. I knew what had to be done and had a good reason for not telling her the full truth about some of them. "I wasn't snooping. I just wanted a more comfortable shirt, I swear."

I spread the pictures out and felt my stomach churning. This was worse than my mom finding them. This made me regret having them. I felt ashamed and knew she'd hate me for it. I pointed to the first one. "Her name is Courtney. I met her in culinary school, first. We were teamed up to work on a project. Her boyfriend was also in the program and she loved him enough to sabotage our team, for his to do better."

"I don't understand how this naked picture has to do with culinary school."

I smiled, knowing I was telling her the truth about this story. "It's simple. One night we had a few drinks. Getting her to come back to my room was easier than I expected. Once I got her naked, I took the picture. The next morning she woke up and begged me not to tell anyone. I waited a week before I showed her the picture and told her if she ever crossed me again, I had leverage against her."

"You're ruthless."

"I was determined to make my dream come true. No little two-timing bitch was going to f**k it up."

She pointed to the others. "What about these?"

I selected two more. "For two months I worked in Baltimore. The first week there I met these two crazy chicks that just wanted to have fun. Tawny and Sheena were their names. Those two I took for fun. Then I decided that I wanted a collection, so every woman that I hooked up with I took a picture. You may think I'm an ass**le. Some people write in journals. I kept photos to remember them by."

Okay, so that was only part of the truth. The first story was true. That bitch was going to screw me over and I had to ensure that wouldn't happen.

What my mother hadn't found was a journal that I used to keep. I documented every woman that I'd ever slept with and had a picture for each one. It was like a diary of some sort, a trophy for me to remember each and every woman that I'd gotten pleasure from. When I moved, I'd decided to toss the journal. I burned it with a bunch of leaves in my mother's back yard, but the pictures were too precious to get rid of.

"They're yours to keep. Thank you for being honest." I felt like shit for lying to her.

"You think I take them out and look at them?" I hadn't in a long time, but used them quite often at some points to jerk off. It was easier to put a face in the remembering process.

"I don't want to know."

"Your picture ain't goin' in that drawer, Lace. Don't even worry about it." If I had her picture, the others would be thrown away. All I'd ever need was her naked body hanging on a wall above my bed.

"I wasn't. Am I not good enough to be in your collection?"

I grabbed her hands and pulled her between my legs. "You're different. I want you here, because I like being with you. Your picture belongs on nightstands and wallets, not hidden in drawers." It would also look great poster sized on my wall or ceiling.

She wrapped her arms around me and kissed me on the lips. "I really shouldn't like you this much."

I laughed and kissed her again, realizing that she wasn't going to leave. Hearing her say she liked me also gave me an instant chubby. "I warned you."

"You did." She teased me with her lips again.

"I'm not the guy that everyone says I am, Lacey. I get that I did things that some people would frown upon, but I knew what I wanted and I went for it. Every woman that I've been with has understood that I couldn't give them anything other than a good time."

"Stop explaining. I don't even care." I knew she did care, but wasn't going to push it. If I did, she'd probably assume I'd been lying about the whole thing. I couldn't let that happen.

Still, I couldn't help but feel guilty and worthless. She was definitely too good for me. "I don't want you to leave."

Lacey surprised me. Instead of being angry or disgusted, she climbed on top of me and looked right into my eyes. "If you want me to stay, then you need to lose the shorts. I want you naked."

I pulled her on top of me and placed my hands on her bare ass cheeks. "That goes for you, too. Take off this shirt and show me that pu**y."

I sat there and watched as she lifted her shirt up enough for me to see her smooth naked pu**y. Her clit was there, calling me to attend to it. I wasn't wasting anymore time either. "I'm going to lick this pu**y until you explode."

She smiled and watched as I got right to work.

When I was done with her, she'd be too tired to leave and that was fine by me.

Chapter 19

Lacey ended up spending the whole weekend in my bed. I didn't go to the diner on Sunday to help out, on account of not wanting to come home and find her gone. Instead, I woke to her sleeping next to me. It was the second morning in a row that I had her warm, naked body strewn over mine. I took in the scent of her hair, smelling my shampoo that reminded me of her being in my shower.

I smiled and thought about how my mother reacted to me telling her I wasn't coming in. The conversation wasn't exactly short and sweet.

"Hey, it's me. I won't be able to help you out tomorrow. You think you'll be alright?"

"Don't you dare tell me you're sick. What's her name, Joe?"

"Mom."

"Son, what is her name?"

"Lacey. Her name is Lacey."

"I want to meet her."

I sighed, knowing that she already knew who Lacey was. It was amazing that after seeing her over at my apartment during the party that she hadn't put two and two together. "Maybe one day."

"Be careful. I wouldn't want you gettin' your heart ripped out." Then again, maybe she did know.

"That ain't going to happen."

"Your denial is goin' to get you into trouble, boy. I'll manage just fine tomorrow without you there."

She went on to tell me about some crap that was going on a town over and that she didn't expect to be busy anyway. I ended the conversation assuring her that I wasn't getting in over my head. Like it or not, I wasn't too sure it was the truth.

Lacey and I didn't get out of bed until afternoon. She'd gotten messages from Sky, but I kept her occupied enough to keep her with me. I knew my cousin Ford was pissed and I was fully prepared to hear shit over it once Lacey headed home on Sunday night.

We'd watched several movies in between exploring each other's bodies. Neither of us had gotten much sleep on account of us waking up and going at it again.

I must have fallen asleep, because when I opened my eyes, I was in the bed alone. For a second, I started to worry that she'd left me again and finally freaked out over being with me. Instead, I found her in the kitchen, bending over to look in the refrigerator. The best thing about finding her was that she had nothing on. My hands found her ass and she stood up straight when she felt my touch. "What are you doin'?"

"I'm starving," she admitted.

The refrigerator door was still open. I backed up, pushing her ass against the cold shelves inside. "What do you want to eat," I asked while placing kisses around her mouth.

"Chocolate. I want something chocolate."

I was under the impression that she'd wanted a meal. "How about I make you Belgian waffles and cover them with a homemade chocolate sauce?"

She smiled. "Only if you cook naked."

I ran one hand down between her legs. Her pu**y had to be sore, but she wasn't complaining, especially when I was touching her. "That won't be a problem." Without warning, I picked her up and sat her on the counter. She grabbed me with her legs and pulled me in close. "If you keep this up, I'm goin' to be the only one eatin'."

Lacey giggled and snorted at the same time. It made me laugh, too. "You better feed me."

"Go get a hot bath. When you get done, it'll be ready to eat."

She gave me a wicked look and headed out of the kitchen.

Waffles weren't tricky to make, but the consistency had to be perfect. Luckily, ever year for Christmas, I got some kind of cooking device, whether I used it or not.

I pulled the waffle maker out of the box and removed the plastic. Like lots of other gadgets, I hadn't used it yet. Cooking waffles for a beautiful woman was a good reason to try it out.

I plugged it in and immediately started to smell the newness burning off it. While it heated up, I mixed the ingredients for the batter and then sprayed the waffle iron so they wouldn't stick.

By the time Lacey came around the corner, in only a towel, I'd made eight. The chocolate sauce was cooking, but needed more time to thicken to the consistency I needed it. "I'm all done"

"I can see that. Do you need a shirt?"

The towel dropped to the floor. "Why bother? You're naked and it would only be a matter of time before I got naked again. I think me being here should be clothing optional."

She picked herself up and sat back on the counter in the same area as before. I placed two waffles on a plate. Then I got out the heavy cream and started whipping it until it thickened. Lacey watched as I put two globs on the waffles and spread it all over them. Then I used a wooden spoon to drizzle the chocolate sauce all around.

I cut out a bite and directed it to Lacey's open mouth. While she chewed, I took a bite myself.

"This is fantastic," She said with a mouth full of food.

"Did you doubt me?"

Lacey shook her head as she stuck her finger into the topping and then sucked it off. "I don't doubt your cooking skills, Joey, but I'd get huge if I ate like this every day."

"I like watchin' you eat my food." I put some topping on my own index finger and fed it to her. She sucked all of it, while never taking her eyes off of mine. "I also like playing with my food."

Lacey watched me stick my finger in the chocolate. It was still pretty warm. I brought my finger over to her nipple and circled the chocolate around it. She leaned back against the cabinet and let me repeat the process to the other breast. I leaned in and licked it off of both of them. She moaned as my mouth came up to press against hers. Her tongue was warm and she kissed me as if she hadn't seen me in a long time. When we pulled away I was aroused. She looked down and reached for my cock, but I moved away. "Hey. Don't be mean. I can always leave and not come back you know."

"You know you won't, Lace. Your pu**y likes me too much."

She took another giant bite of the waffles. "You seem to be so sure of yourself. I hate to break it to you, but I'm the one in control."

If she wanted to think that, then she was going to have to show me more. "Prove it."

She moved the plate of waffles out of the way and stuck her hand right in the pot of chocolate sauce. I was shocked, but as quickly as she'd done it, she smacked it against my chest and started rubbing it around. "You want me to prove that I get what I want, Joey?" Her fingers traced over my lips, leaving the chocolate syrup over them. I licked it away then leaned in to kiss her. She pulled away, smiling. Another hand of chocolate smashed against my cheek. She started laughing and spreading it over my neck.

"You're goin' to lick this all off, you know?"

Then she stopped. We both looked over at the pot of chocolate liquid. She soaked her hand again, but this time, she started massaging it into her br**sts. Her hardened ni**les shined against the light, almost forcing me to have to lick them. I went in for a taste and felt it being spread on my shoulders.

Things were going to get messy, because she was leaving me with no other choice other than to fight back.

My fingers went into the pot. She grabbed my arm and pulled them over to where she could suck them into her mouth. I watched her savoring every last drop before finally allowing me to kiss her.

It was rough having our teeth colliding followed by heavy breathing. Then, all of the sudden, Lacey pushed me away. She leaned over and turned on the burner, watching as the remaining amount of chocolate syrup heated up. "What are you doing?"

She touched her pu**y and then brought her fingers up to her lips. "I want you to beg for it. Tell me you want this pu**y, Joey."

Was she really playing this game with me? I never begged for a piece. "I don't beg."

I watched her turn off the burner and check the temperature.

She filled a large wooden spoon with the chocolate syrup, leaned back and let it fall down over her nipple. I saw her reacting to the hot liquid as her lips spread open and her body jerked.

Then she went even beyond that by taking the spoon and rubbing it between her legs. My dick was begging to f**k her. She kept doing it while she spoke. "You know you want this."

I tried to play it off, but the proof was standing at attention, begging to be played with. Lacey brought the spoon to her lips and licked it. "Mmm, you want a taste don't you?"

I'd tasted it plenty of times. It wasn't like it was anything new. The thing was, Lacey was on another level. "I want to f**k you." As if I had to spell it out for her. The truth was in my erect cock.

She placed the spoon back into the hot pot and pulled out another bit of chocolate sauce. This time, she looked down and watched herself pouring it all over her pu**y. I tried to approach her, but she kicked me away with her feet. "None until you learn your place. It's my turn."

Her body jumped when the hot liquid made contact with her cunt. I watched her breathing pick up and her tits moving as she did it.

I sat down at the table, but never took my eyes off her. She continued touching herself, watching me watch her. Her naked body was covered in chocolate that I made for her. It was making me crazy. I took my dick in my hand and began stroking it. Lacey smiled and spread her pu**y open, while rubbing her clit. "Don't stop, Lace."

"Mmm, you don't stop. Show me how fast you can cum."

"Why don't you get over here and speed up the process?"

She giggled but didn't move. I got up, forced her legs open and positioned myself to take her. Lacey wrapped her arms around my neck let her lips linger over mine. "Tell me what you want, Joe."

I hated when people called me that, but somehow, it wasn't so bad, especially since she was teasing me. "You know what I want." She was playing my game and I liked it.

"Say it. Tell me."

I grabbed her hair and tugged, forcing her head back. I licked up her neck until my tongue reached her ear. "I want to f**k you."

We kissed again, this one as vigorous as the one before it. If her tongue was giving me an inkling of how we were going to f**k, I was in for a good time. She pulled away and looked into my eyes. Her hand came up and wiped some chocolate off of my face. When our eyes met again, she smiled. "What are you waiting for?"

She didn't have to say it twice. I kissed her hard, knowing damn well that f**king her in my kitchen was going to be something I'd never forget. She was too sexy and her being covered in delicious chocolate didn't hurt.

I was going to eat my way to her pu**y until there wasn't a single drop of chocolate left on her body.

Chapter 20

By the time Monday rolled around I was so tired that I knew my week was going to drag. My weekend company was taking a toll on me. Even though I slept, it was never enough to make up for all of the f**king we'd been doing.

I felt that I'd had enough of Lacey to last me until the next Friday, because we'd agreed to only talk on the weekends. Since I was trying to not change my life, it worked for me. I did my own thing during the week and looked forward to seeing her when Friday came around.

Lacey kept her distance during the week. I didn't know why she didn't want to talk, but figured that she was just into the school thing and wanted to be able to focus. At any rate, even during work hours, I thought about her. In fact, no matter what I was doing, I was thinking about her.

The worst part about it was that it wasn't just the sex, or how beautiful she was without clothes. I missed her company, especially at night.

Considering that when I'd moved into my place I freaked out when someone else came over, it made no sense. I couldn't figure out why she was different. It made no sense why I'd want someone out of my normal circle of women to spend my time with. What was even worse was that I kept wanting it.

Originally, I'd assumed I could just f**k her out of my system.

As the days passed, I thought about her the same and wanted her even more. Ford and Sky continued to warn me to back off, even after they knew we were sleeping together.

My job was easy and for the most part I was overseeing the kitchen. For big events I'd put in extra hours, but usually I worked a straight day and was home in time for dinner. Nights dragged.

Sam called me that Wednesday and asked if we could meet up. I felt horrible for what I'd done the last time that I'd seen her. I agreed to meet her at her mother's and felt confidant that after spending the weekend with Lacey, I'd be back to my old self again. Sure, as far as standards went, Lacey was my favorite girl. I looked forward to my weekends and she could have those three days for as long as she wanted them. We had fun together and I slept better than ever before.

I showed up a little after seven at Sam's moms.

She was wearing a comfortable little red sweat suit that was unzipped in the front to show off her cle**age. The weather was getting chilly and I couldn't help but notice that she still had a nice tan. It complimented the color of her hair and eyes. Just like always, her nails were perfectly manicured and from just her appearance, one could tell she took good care of herself and spent a lot of money doing it.

She'd ordered pizza and had a bottle wine opened that she was already drinking. I kissed her on the cheek before taking off my coat and sitting down beside her on the couch. "Sorry about last time. My head wasn't right."

She smiled and ran her hand up my leg. "It's fine. I figured as much. Don't worry though, you can make it up to me tonight. My flight leaves tomorrow afternoon, so don't be too rough. I need to be able to walk with my luggage."

"Is your mother better?"

"She's going to a rehab center for a couple of weeks. I'll be back to help when she's cleared to come home."

Sam cozied up next to me and I leaned in to brush the hair away from her face. "So, where were we before things got weird the last time we tried this?"

Her lips made contact with mine and a slow kiss was beginning to heat up. When we stopped for air, she'd already climbed on top of me. "I think this is about right."

Our lips met again, this time followed by her hands on my chest and mine on her ass. She smelled nice and the mood was set to be enjoyable. Then it happened again. I lifted her shirt off and tugged down the cups of her bra. As I leaned in to kiss her tits, I thought about Lacey's. Then my mind went straight to her pu**y.

I knew I had to work quickly or else my now forming erection was going to disappear again. In a swift move, I flipped Sam over to be lying on the couch. With one tug her pants came off. I slid her panties to the side and looked down at her close trimmed cunt. My mouth watered and I felt like things were turning up.

Then I leaned in to kiss her there.

Even though she didn't taste bad, it wasn't what I was craving. My mouth wasn't watering because I wanted to f**k this woman. Sure, a part of me did, probably to prove a point to myself that I hadn't really changed. I wasn't able to be with just one woman when there was so much pu**y out there waiting to be tamed.

There again, my dick and my mind were not on the same page. Even though my c**k was semi stiff, it wasn't reacting to my lips being so close to a naked little cunt begging to be played with.

Sam decided to take matters into her own hands. "How about I take care of you? Maybe I need to remind you how good we were together." She slid down off the couch and pushed me against it. Her focus was on getting me down. Once my c**k was freed, she leaned down and took it into her mouth. I closed my eyes and focused on how good it felt to have my dick sucked. Her head began bobbing like crazy and finally I could feel my body giving in to the pleasure she was offering.

When I opened my eyes, I saw her brown hair. It reminded me of what I was doing and who I was doing it with. I starting wondering what Lacey was doing and how much better she was at giving me head. It was pathetic and I was pissed at myself for doing it.

I had to give it to Sam. She was trying her best and under normal circumstances it would have been plenty enough. I closed my eyes again and focused on Lacey. I thought about how she'd made me cum and how bad I wanted her to do it again. Then it happened. I finally came after imagining that it had been Lacey doing it instead of my old friend, Sam.

Sam didn't notice what was happening to me. In fact, she sat up and smiled, like she'd done a great job. I didn't want to burn bridges and certainly didn't want to admit that I was f**ked up in the head, so I smiled back and pretended to be cool. "Wow, I didn't expect that."

"I'm just glad I was able to give you some pleasure. You had me worried last time."

I patted her leg. "You didn't have to do that, you know. We could have made it last a while, if I had the time."

She laughed. "Joey, are you telling me you have somewhere else you need to be."

This was my out and I needed to take it. She may not have noticed anything weird, but I was secretly freaking out. Lacey was ruining my sex life and I had to figure out why it was happening, so I could put a stop to it.

"Actually, I have an early morning. How about you call me when you get back and I'll make it up to you?" I kissed the top of her head and pulled up my pants. "I hope you're not mad at me. I mean, you were the one that decided to give me head."

She giggled. "It's all good, Joey. I'm glad I could help you out. I mean, I wish you could stay longer, so we could keep going, but I get that you need rest."

I wasted no time getting out of there. When I got home, I considered calling Lacey, but what was I even supposed to say to her. It wasn't like she was calling me. For all I knew, she was fine with our arrangement.

Ford came knocking on my door no sooner after I'd grabbed a cold beverage and started to settle down. "Hey, man. You got any beer?"

"Yeah, you know where to find them. What's wrong with your car?"

He came back in the room and sat down next to me. "Nothin'. Sky's dad took me out for drinks. She picked me up from the bar and left my car at work. I wanted to go out to grab a six pack, but she wouldn't let me leave."

"It's all good. I can use the company."

He chuckled. "You gettin' used to havin' company on the weekends?"

"Somethin' like that."

"Why can't you just admit that you like her?" Ford was asking me questions and it was the wrong time to be bringing them up.

"Of course I like her."

He leaned on his knees and looked over at me. "You and I both know that you can't give her what she's lookin' for. How long are you goin' to keep messin' with her head, cuz?"

"It ain't like I'm givin' her false hope. She knows how I live my life. We spend weekends together. That's it."

"That ain't it and you know it. She's gotten in your head."

He had no idea how spot on he was. "No woman will be gettin' in my head."

"Bullshit! Look, for a while I thought the same thing. You think I didn't fight the feelin's I was havin' for Sky. Shit, we'd just met. We were strangers and I couldn't stop thinkin' about her. I know what it's like. I see you with her. I see you waitin' for her to show up and pretendin' you're just outside keeping busy."

"If I want a lecture, I can stop by your place. Shut up or go home, dude."

He laughed again. "Don't say I didn't tell you so. Sky and I have money on who admits it first. My money's on you."

He was frustrating me with his assumptions. It wasn't like I was pu**y whipped. We were two people enjoying each other's company. It wasn't anything else. It couldn't be. "Admit what?"

"When you figure it out, I'll be collectin' my cash." Ford stood up and walked out of my apartment, leaving me there to sulk in my own confusing misery.

As confused as I was about recent events, I knew I didn't want to stop seeing Lacey, especially since it had cost me my Wednesdays with Candace already. It had been indirectly, but still had everything to do with her. In fact there wasn't one thing lately that didn't have something to do with Lacey.

I ran my hands through my hair and tried to work it all out in my head. All I knew was that I couldn't get enough of Lacey. I wanted her in my bed, touching me and giving the kind of pleasure that only she could.

I just didn't know if I was willing to change my life for a piece of ass, no matter how good it was.

Chapter 21

Lacey pulled up Friday night around the normal time she always arrived. I hated to admit that I was looking out my window waiting for it to happen. Pathetic, I know.

She'd no sooner got out of her car when I was at her side. "How was school this week?"

She'd gotten to Ford's door before turning around and acknowledging me. "Boring as usual. Why do you care?"

I smiled, just knowing she was so close to me. Every weekend we played this cat and mouse game. She'd pretend she wanted to spend the weekend with Sky, but would end up at my place the entire time. "I was just wonderin' how many times you thought about me f**kin' you." I couldn't help but tease her, seeing as she always got so defensive. Lacey was adamant in making everyone think she didn't like me. Behind closed doors was an entirely different story.

She put her hand on her hips, like it was going to make what she said true. "I am there to learn, not to relive some mediocre sex."

I took a drag of my cigarette and blew out the smoke before I responded to her complete bullshit statement. "Woman, you can say whatever you want, but I know what you're really thinkin'."

"You don't know me. You just think you do." A smiled formed in the corner of her mouth. I noticed she was speaking loud enough for people to hear. Maybe that was the game, but everyone already knew we'd been together.

While she thought about what she was going to say next, I looked down at her tight shirt and even tighter jeans. They happened to accentuate every curve of her thighs and ass. "You're sexy as Hell when you're lyin'. Lacey, I bet you sat in those classrooms drawin' little hearts on your folders while thinkin' about me lappin' up that pretty pu**y of yours."

"Shut up! I don't do that." I liked when she fought me. It built up tension and also made my dick hard. I couldn't wait to spread those legs that she pretended were sacred. "So, when should I expect you?"

She was starting to walk inside and looked out to answer me. "Why don't you stand here and wait." She slammed the door in my face.

I didn't wait around like she was probably thinking. Unlike Lacey, I already knew she'd been coming over. It was about being patient and waiting until I proved her wrong, just like every time she swore she wasn't coming.

I knew that my choice of words really did pissed her off, but she also liked it just as much. Besides, I wasn't going to change the way I was just because it might get me laid faster. I never had to change before and I wasn't about to now.

It took her a good while before she came knocking on my door. I knew it was her and I also suspected that she'd be playing one of her games, where she pretended she was coming over for something else, but really just wanted my dick. I smiled when I opened the door and saw her standing there. "Did you need somethin'?"

"Uhh, they're out of milk. Can I borrow a cup?" I wanted to laugh, because I knew Ford had picked up some earlier in the day. Lacey was grasping for a good plan to come inside, without asking for it directly. I was willing to play the game, until she was ready to admit what she really came for.

She followed me into the kitchen, but remained quiet while I grabbed a cup and started filling it. Our hands touched and she looked right into my eyes. "I just thought about ya, while I was in the shower."

She rolled her eyes and grabbed the milk out my hand. "Glad I could help."

"Are you really, Lace? Are you glad that I busted a load while thinkin' about your fine ass bendin' over for me?" She stared at me, looking shocked, like she was at a loss for words. I smiled, knowing I was getting under her skin.

"It's flattering."

She started walking out of the room. I cleared my voice. "Put the milk down, Lacey. I saw Ford carryin' in a gallon this mornin'."

She turned slowly, looking defeated. I took the glass of milk and sat it on the table before pulling her into my arms. "At some point you're going to have to start admittin' that you want me."

She kept a straight face. "Never!"

I kissed her lips softly. "Why is it so hard to admit that you like me touching you? Fightin' me only makes me want you more, but you know my rules. If you want this, you have to ask."

I knew Lacey was too good to come over and admit what she wanted. She wasn't going to beg, unless I really forced it on her.

"You know why I'm here," she said in a whisper.

"I do, but you're goin' to need to follow my rules. I can't have you screamin' for me to stop halfway through. I mean, I've got needs, too."

"I won't. You know that." Yeah, I did know it. I knew exactly what she wanted and I was planning on giving her that and so much more.

The thing was, I liked the chase. I liked making Lacey admit that she wanted me. She was easy to manipulate.

I left her side to wash the glass and put it up. When I finished, I left her standing there while I walked back into the living room.

Lacey, being the crazy woman she was, stripped off all of her clothes and came walking in the room. My dick was already hard, just from her being close to me. Now it was throbbing.

She continued walking until she was in my bedroom. I sat for a few seconds, knowing she was waiting for me to follow her.

When it seemed like enough time went by, I went in to find her. She was on the bed, so I ran over and jumped on it, pulling her into my arms. "You never play fair, Lace."

We kissed. It was intense from the get-go. Right away she was grabbing me and trying hard to get my attention. She didn't realize that she already had it. I placed her flat on her back and ran my hands over her tits. She closed her eyes and bit down on her bottom lip. Her ni**les hardened to my touch, and I had to have them in between my teeth.

She grabbed my chin and led it back up to her mouth, where our tongues played and teased. Our kisses became rough, sometimes banging our teeth together when we lost a pattern to our tongues fighting each other.

She tugged on my t-shirt and ripped it off of my head. I felt her hands running up and down my chest. She kept watching what she was doing as she pinched my ni**les and shoved me back on the bed. Then Lacey licked one of my ni**les. I liked watching her tongue that was so warm hitting it. Then she started teasing me, pretending to go in for another suck but pulling away at the last second.

I played with her hair and started directing her head while I did it. I needed to feel those lips on my skin.

Lacey ran her hand down my shorts. I could feel her fingers brushing over my foreskin. She wanted it and there was no denying it now. She slid down between my legs and had a full hand of girth. "I love this cock."

Her lips surrounded my thick shaft and her spit acted as the lubrication to allow them to slide quickly. Lacey used her other hand to jerk the base of my cock, while her mouth moved almost violently around the tip. The harder she did it, the more I liked it.

She knew that and I swear she f**king liked doing it too.

She kept going at it, like she was starving to have my load filling her cheeks. My hips bucked against her movements, heightening how amazing it felt to have her sucking me off.

I was close and knew that if I didn't put a stop to her rhythm, I'd need to rest before I could have her pu**y. I grabbed a hold of her hair and steadied her. "Hold on there, sweetness. I can't spoil myself that fast. We've got all night to enjoy each other, don't we?"

She nodded. "You want me to stay all night?"

Of course I did. She was crazy if she thought I was going to let her leave.

I kissed her slowly and looked into her eyes again. She didn't get what that did to me. "You got a problem with that?"

She kissed the top of my chest and let her lips linger as she spoke. "None at all."

I flipped us around getting my body back on top of her. After pinning her arms above her head, I held them with one hand while I traced the other around her ni**les. She reacted to the way it felt and I got off feeling her underneath me, moving around.

I couldn't wait any longer to touch her pu**y. She'd been in my house for a while and I'd done good avoiding it, but after waiting a whole week to have it again, I couldn't help it. Her smooth shaven lips were the first things I made contact with. Her skin was so warm and I looked down to watch myself spreading them open.

The prize was inside and as her lips separated, I saw her wet pink hole. My mouth watered and my dick throbbed, both wanting to be the first to touch her there. It didn't matter to me as long as I was doing one. Both brought me pleasure; more than I'd ever be able to admit to her.

I brought my fingers up to my lips and tasted her. Even before they reached my mouth, I could smell the familiar honeysuckled scent.

Lacey surprised me, when she finally started begging. "Please, Joey. I want you so bad."

I smiled, eager to get started. "Say it again."

"You heard me." She looked right at me. "I want you so f**king bad."

"Oh yeah," I groaned, before flipping her over and then sitting on the back of her legs. I kept her hands above her head as I reached down and wet my fingers full of her juices. I let the wetness spread all the way up to her little ass. I needed it lubricated enough to allow me to f**k it.

Lacey changed the game plan when she realized my intentions. "Wait, don't do that."

"Shh, trust me, Lace. I won't hurt ya. I need to do this. Your ass is too f**kin' sexy to ignore. Don't you know that every man wants what they shouldn't have?" She seemed petrified and as much as I wanted it, I knew I had to go slow.

I inserted one finger in her tight ass and moved slow as I went inside deeper. It took me a few pushes before she started to relax. Then she understood how good it made her feel.

I was getting even harder watching my finger penetrating her. My hand released her arms and went straight to her hot cunt. I rubbed it vigorously before pinching her clit. Her body started jumping and little cries were escaping her.

"Let go, Lacey. Cum like you've never done it before. I want to see it gush out of that pretty pu**y. Do it now!" I rubbed hard over her clitoris while still f**king her in the ass with my finger. She cried out and her pu**y walls tightened. Her body lifted and her toes curled. Then I saw the gush of her release.

I'm not expert, but every woman, given enough pleasure, can ejaculate. Lacey has just experienced it for the first time.

Her body was still shaking as I pulled both of my hands away from her body. I got up off the bed and wiped my hands before saying anything. Lacey looked so shocked. "I knew I could make you squirt."

She seemed like I'd embarrassed her and was in complete denial. "I didn't."

I pointed to the wet spot on the bed, proving to myself and to her what I'd just made her do. "You did and it was sexy as hell. Now flip your ass over and spread your legs, it's my turn now."

She was still shaking as I climbed back on the bed and if she thought the sheets were wet already, she was in for it when I finally let go. My addiction for her was steadily growing and instead of getting my fix, I was wanting more than ever before.

Chapter 22

After another weekend together, Lacey had left to go home. From the moment she kissed me goodbye, I was already wanting her to stick around. I had it bad and the truth sank in, I knew I was going to have to make some changes. My family and friends were right all along. From the first moment I touched her, I think I knew she was something special.

We started talking on the phone, at least once a day. It was good hearing her voice before I called it a night, although my sleeps were restless and the bed seemed extra large. Ford and I were working on putting new brakes on Lacey's car that Tuesday night. We had two shop lights on so that we'd be able to see what we were doing. Sky was making us dinner and I honestly didn't care if it was hotdogs and beans, because I was that hungry.

"So, did you tell your mom about Lacey yet?" His question caught me off guard.

I handed him a wrench. "She knows about her. I don't think she realizes that she's already met her though."

"Lace has you by the balls, don't she?"

I laughed but thought about what he was suggesting. "Nobody has me by the balls."

"Yeah right. Dude, you pout when she comes to hang out with us. Sky tells me that you're even talking to her on the phone now. Come on, Joey. Just admit that you're into her. Admit that bein' involved ain't as bad as you thought."

I shook my head. "Whatever."

We both climbed out from under the car. Ford brushed off his pants and sat up next to me. "Does Lace know how you feel? Have you told her?"

I lit up a cigarette and stood up. "There's nothin' to tell. Why don't you shut the f**k up and mind your business."

"Dude, you need to reconsider. Someone's goin' to come around and steal her away. Is that what you want to happen?"

I thought about Lacey being with another man and then something happened to me. Rage filled me and I wanted to hurt someone. My stomach knotted up imagining her touching and f**king someone besides me.

I walked into my apartment, leaving Ford to clean up the tools.

He brought me a plate of food a little while later. I let him in and watched him sit down on the couch. "I didn't mean to piss you off. I was just tryin' to offer you some advice."

I took a bite of a burger and was surprised how juicy it tasted. "I don't want to talk about this with you."

He pushed my buttons. "Why? It's true isn't it? You really have it bad and you don't know what you're goin' to do. I'll tell you what I think."

"I don't want to know what you think," I interrupted.

"Yeah, you need to hear this. Cuz, Lacey ain't goin' to stick around forever. If it pisses you off that much to imagine not bein' with her then you need to let her know how you feel. Just tell her, man. It ain't like it's goin' to hurt. She's crazy about you, too. Frankly, I'm tired of hearin' about how great you are at eating pu**y and shit like that. Besides, as much as I like Lacey, her bein' at your house gives me alone time with my lady. There's never enough of that."

I rolled my eyes and watched my cousin stand up and leave. He was right and I had to make a decision before Lacey was tired of me. I wasn't sure about her having my heart, but she definitely had a hold of me and I didn't think I wanted to imagine her letting go.

I spent the next couple of days thinking about how I was going to approach the conversation. I'd never been one for talking and expressing feelings that I wasn't familiar with was even more difficult. After much consideration I'd prepared my speech and cooked a nice meal to serve while we were talking.

I was anxious, but after the whole Sam thing and then not wanting to see or be with any other women, I knew what I was doing was the right thing. Whatever this was between us was worth a shot.

I was ready to take things to the next level with Lacey, because as much as I fought it, I knew I cared about her. I wanted to take her out to nice places and invite my mother over to get to know her too.

I hadn't fully prepared for her when she started knocking on my door. I was even more surprised that I didn't have to go and pry her away from Sky. It gave me a good feeling and I was confidant that our night was starting out perfectly.

I shut the door behind us and placed my hands on her shoulders. "Why haven't you been takin' my calls? I finally get your number and you won't answer it when I call you." I leaned in and kissed her softly on the lips. It was deep and full of my emotions. She was standing in front of me and I'd never been so nervous.

One thing I knew for sure was that I wanted this with her. I was ready to call a woman my girlfriend and as soon as she came in and got comfortable, I was going to tell her.

While still holding her from our welcome kiss, she started trying to back away. "We need to talk about something."

I couldn't help not wanting to kiss her again. I was eager and excited. My eyes closed and my lips separated.

Then Lacey blurted something out that shocked me. "I slept with Shayne."

All I could do was pull away and look right at her. She looked sad and I didn't understand why she'd said that. I'd known she'd been with Shayne. He used to be her boyfriend. Why was she bringing up the past? "What do you mean? I know you slept with him,..."

She interrupted, "This week. He came to my house and we slept together."

She'd just kicked me straight in the balls and not even realized it. I felt like a fool. Before I could respond, I needed to take a moment and calm down. "Why are you tellin' me this?"

She sat down next to me and for the first time since knowing her, I didn't want her there. "I'm tired of all the lies. I can't take it anymore."

She was worth being nice to. I should have told her how I felt before. Maybe I could have prevented it from happening. "I don't lie to you, Lace."

"Yes, you do. You erased my phone when Shayne called, didn't you?"

I had to smile, knowing only Shayne could have told her about our conversation. He'd gotten to her and I knew he was somewhere smiling about it. "Yeah, you got me there. That's different though, and you know it. Shit, Lace, I even told you about other women in my life. I've never told any other person that."

"I can't see you anymore." She refused to look at me when she said it. It was another punch in my f**king balls.

"What are you goin' to go back to Shayne now? You think he's good for you? Can he give you what I can? Does he make you feel the way that I do?"

"No! He doesn't, okay? This isn't about Shayne."

"You came here to tell me that you were together and now you can't see me anymore. What else would it be about?" I stood up and started pacing around the living room. I was so pissed and hurt at the same time. It was also the exact reason that I swore I'd never let myself feel something for a woman.

"Being with Shayne made me realize that I'm on a collision course. I can't keep doing it to myself. It's ripping me apart from the inside. When I'm with you, I forget who I am. You make me feel alive and like nobody ever has before, but it's a temporary high. The moment I walk out your door, I think about you being with other women. I think about the pictures and what else you could be hiding from me. I think about all of the people that have warned me about how you are. It's just too much."

"Lacey, you're so wrong. I'm not hidin' nothin' else from you. Sure, I lied about Shayne, but that's only because I wanted you for myself. You think I wanted to share you? You're the only woman that I've ever had to fight to be with. Once I had you, I knew one thing." I kneeled down in front of her and noticed she was in tears. "I knew I didn't want to let you go."

She started to look away. "I wish you really meant that, Joey, because being with you is wonderful. You and I both know, it was just about the sex. It's not like you even do relationships, so don't give me that shit that I'm different. Look, I've thought a lot about this and it's best if we just stop."

"I think you're scared that you might have feelin's for me."

"I'm stopping this before that can happen."

I started to tell her how I felt about her and how she was making a mistake, but pride got in the way and wouldn't let me make a fool out of myself, anymore than she'd already done. "I guess you need to do what you think is right, Lacey." She reached for me, but I moved out of the way. "You should probably go. I mean, I don't want you to have to be around when I'm callin' someone else to come entertain me, because that would just be rude."

The look on Lacey's face was something that I'd never forget. In that final sentence I knew anything she'd ever felt for me was gone. I was back to being the whore she thought I was.

Lacey walked out of my door and my life and I knew she wasn't ever coming back.

That was what I got for trying to be with a woman.

I got a kick in the balls and an empty spot in my bed.

Chapter 23

Ford came over the next morning and I was in no mood to talk.

"Hey, what happened with Lacey. That chick went runnin' out of here last night without a good explanation. I thought you were goin' to talk to her."

"I thought so too. Turns out she was f**kin' Shayne."

"Come again?"

I opened up my fourth beer of the morning and tossed the cap toward the table. It fell down on the floor instead and I didn't care about picking it up. "You f**kin' heard me, bitch. She's f**kin' Shayne again and there ain't nothin' I can do about it."

"Sky didn't tell me, man. That sucks."

"Look, unless you plan on sittin' here watchin' me drink, I suggest you go on about your day."

Ford stood up. "I am real sorry. If you need anything, let me know."

"Yeah." He left me sitting there to mope alone.

In all honesty, I was too drunk to really have a rational thought. I guess I never realized how much I cared about Lacey until she wasn't in my life anymore.

Every time my phone rang I would think it was her.

The weekend ended and I got back to work on Monday. I'd been deprived of sleep, but never felt more exhausted. More than anything I just wanted to hear her voice.

I started getting calls when I hadn't been to the gym and even Candace had left me a message. Maybe calling them both back would have helped, but I couldn't bring myself to do it. My dick had gotten me where I was and I wanted nothing to do with any woman until I could get my shit back together.

Days passed I'd had so much time to think about what I wanted to say to her. I knew I didn't deserve it, but I wanted the chance to see where it could go with us.

Then I got an offer that I couldn't refuse.

My boss came to me asking if I was still interested in working in Italy, under a chef that taught him everything he knows. The job was going to last from six months to a year and I'd have a place to live that was fully furnished. He said I could walk to the restaurant and have every weekend off to travel and enjoy the lifestyle.

Knowing that I had nothing stopping me, and that doing something like that was an opportunity of a lifetime, I gave him my answer the next morning and prepared to tell the news to my mother, who I knew would have a hard time even if it was temporary.

There was just one thing that needed to be dealt with first.

I found a shoe box under my bed, a pen and paper and grabbed the photos out of my dresser. It was stupid to keep them as trophies, especially considering that I could see almost all of the women in them whenever I wanted. I'd lied to Lacey about them, but only because I knew she wouldn't approve of that part of my lifestyle. Hell, I don't think she approved of any part of my lifestyle. If she had, she would have stuck around.

Before I left the country and tried to put her behind me, I needed her to know the truth, not about the pictures, but about what she meant to me. I was tired of denying it to everyone around me, especially myself. If I wanted any kind of closure, I'd have to be honest with myself.

I wrote three or four notes and tossed them before finally having the balls to use words that I was literally afraid of.

Knowing that I had nothing to lose because I wouldn't be around to see her reaction, I took a few deep breaths and let everything that I'd had bottled up come out.

Lacey:

It's been three days since I found out that you slept with Shayne again. I guess part of it was my fault, for not being clear. You see, I've developed feelings for you that I've never had for another woman. When you're in my arms I feel complete and when you leave, I miss you.

I know I came on to you the wrong way. It was all I'd ever done, and I never expected us to be anything more than f**k buddies. The thing is, hearing that you slept with Shayne, ripped me apart. You can imagine what it's like to hear that the person you're in love with has gone back to their ex.

Yeah, I said it. I'm in love with you.

I'm not writing this letter to win you back, or make you sad. I just thought you might want to know that you were never 'just sex'. From the first moment I held you, I knew it was something entirely different.

I've been offered a position in Italy, and due to recent events, I've decided to seize the opportunity. It's the chance of a lifetime and passing it up could change my future drastically.

I want you to know that I'll think about you everyday. You opened my eyes and my heart to feelings that I never knew existed.

Thank you for being with me, even if our time was limited, I will never forget it.

Love: Joey

I took the photos and looked at them one last time.

Candace was sprawled out on her couch, holding her legs up. I smiled remembering a time where going for my weekly massage was a treat. The next photo was someone that I hadn't seen in a while. Then it was the two from culinary school. That was where I stopped looking at them. I grabbed an empty glass, tossed them in and watched them burn.

Italy was going to be a place for me to make new memories. I didn't need pictures to remember the women that kept me satisfied for so long. It wasn't like I could ever forget them. I'd already be gone by the time they discovered I wasn't coming around anymore. It was better that way. The last thing I needed was any more of them claiming to have feelings for me that I couldn't return.

Enough was enough.

When the pictures were burned, I grabbed a bag to put them in and tossed what was left in the bottom of the box, just to prove a point that I had, in fact, actually done it. I also added the t-shirt that I could no longer wear, because it reminded me of her too much.

I added something to the end of the note, before putting in a picture of her and closing the box.

PS: I burned the naked photos of those women and put the charred remains in the bottom of this box in a bag. I also enclosed that t-shirt you looked so good in. Smile, Lace. You're the most beautiful woman in the world when you do.

When I left I'd instruct my brother to make sure she got it. When and if I decided to return I hoped that she'd want to at least be friends. Something told me that my messed up feelings over Lacey weren't just going to disappear. If that were the case then I wouldn't have been so miserable without her in my life.

I finally sat my mother down that following weekend after going back to the diner to help out on Sunday. Since I'd already asked my brother to stay at my place until I came back or the lease ended, he was there for the conversation too.

"Don't you dare tell me that either of you knocked a girl up. I taught you both better."

"Nobody is pregnant." I looked at my brother and hoped that I didn't speak too soon. "Look, this ain't about anyone being knocked up, or in trouble. I wanted to be the first to tell you that I'm goin' away for a while."

"Like a vacation? I suppose you deserve one. You never take time for yourself." She was going to be upset.

"Mom, I got a job opportunity and I've decided to take it."

Her eyes got huge. "Don't tell me you're movin' to Vegas. You don't need to live in that sort of environment. You're a good country boy."

My brother had started laughing and shaking his head. "Just tell her. I'm sick of the guessing game already."

"It's in Italy."

Everything got quiet. My brother put his arm around our mom. "I'm goin' to stay at his place until he comes back."

I wished that he would have waited to tell her that, because the devastation was written all over her face. She shook her head and started crying. "Wait a minute. You're tellin' me that you're takin' a job out of the country and you're brother is movin' out of my house to live at your apartment?"

"Just until I get back," I added.

She covered her face with her hands and I knew she was trying not to cry. "Why would you go to another country to live? I thought you were doin' good on your own. You said you were seein' someone. Is she goin' with you?"

The mention of Lacey forced a knot in my stomach. "No. There is no girlfriend."

She peered into my eyes. "Is that why you're leavin'? Tell me the truth, Joe."

"No," I argued. "I signed up for this months ago. I just never figured it would happen. Listen, this is somethin' that I want to do. I've worked my whole life for an opportunity like this. I can't turn it down. I'm a grown man, you know."

Jamey pulled our mother into a hug. "I'll stop by the house every day if that will help. We're not leavin' you, momma."

She nodded. "I know. I'm just used to both of you boys bein' around. I get that you've got to grow up and do your own things. I just need some time to get used to it."

We sat there for a while talking about what I'd be doing and what I needed to take care of before I left. My mother was sad, but I could sense of hint of pride knowing that I was living out a dream. To some people it was probably stupid wanting to spend time in a hot kitchen, dealing with catastrophes and ass**les. To me, it was more like art. Every day was a new project and I looked forward to creating new things and learning as much as I could.

Italy was a whole different culture and I knew I'd settle in and make the best of it. Besides, the timing couldn't have been better.

It took me a bit to receive my passport and when I did it made things more real. I started packing up some of my shit so that my brother could bring some of his things over and be comfortable.

It was a good thing that I waited to tell Ford and Sky. I didn't need them telling Lacey and making a big deal out of it.

Jamey and mom came and drove me to the airport. It was hard saying goodbye and getting on a plane to fly halfway across the planet. My mom was emotional and my poor brother was the one that would have to deal with her being sad until I returned. It was no lie that we'd always been close and this was probably tearing her apart inside.

While sitting on the plane, looking out of the window, I vowed to forget about Lacey and move on with my life. In that little amount of time, she'd shown me what it was like to want to be with someone and then taken it all away.

Chapter 24

I'd been in Italy for a week and still never heard from Lacey, even after the weekend passed. Knowing that she'd spent every weekend with her best friend made me assume that she'd read my letter and not cared about anything that I'd said.

It hurt.

For some reason I guess I expected a phone call or something that would give me some kind of closure. Instead I was left with a hole in my heart for a woman that I may never see again.

Getting settled in another country was a bit confusing. My apartment was furnished, but it wasn't anything like I would have picked out. Even things like plumbing were a tad bit different than being at home.

I ventured out the first night, finding a night club and a nice restaurant that served pasta like I'd never had before. It was hard to not notice all of the beautiful single ladies wherever I turned. Looking at them was great, but it almost always brought my mind to Lacey, who I didn't want to be thinking about.

I started my job three days after arriving.

My boss was in his late forties, while his wife was early thirties, at the most. After my first two days, I could tell she was with him for his money and not because she loved him. He left us alone in the kitchen to pick up supplies from a local vendor on the fourth day of working together.

She waited until the door shut to come on to me. Gia wasn't just an attractive woman. She had this exotic look about her and long legs that didn't quit. She'd come up behind me while I was decorating the desserts for that evening's dinner. The flowers had to be intricately applied and it took a lot of concentration. I wanted to believe that's why I didn't see her coming.

I felt hands touching my sides and turned around at the exact moment that she was stepping closer. Our faces were inches apart. "We haven't had someone as handsome as you working here."

I didn't know if there was some allowed flirting in the Italian culture that I didn't know about, but what she was doing was invading my personal space. "Thank you for the compliment. If you'll excuse me, I'm just goin' to get back to work. I've got to have these done before your husband gets back." I annunciated the word husband, so she'd get my point.

"Don't be afraid of me, Joey. I don't bite."

I refused to look at her and kept working as I talked. "Look, if this is some sort of test, you can mark me as passed, because there ain't no way I'd get involved with the wife of my boss. This opportunity is important and I can't mess it up."

She finally backed away and started walking, but only to reappear on the other side of the counter. "How's the apartment? Are you finding everything to be a comfort to you?"

I focused on the flowers and avoided eye contact. "It's good."

She leaned in, but I could only tell because the shadow on the counter got larger. "Do you need anything? Anything at all?"

I set the pastry pack down and finally looked up at her. "I could use a blender. During the week I like to drink protein shakes. Can you tell me where to buy one?"

"I'll bring you one in the morning. We have a blender at the house that we barely use. You're welcome to it."

I smiled. "Thank you. Now, as far as you tryin' to flirt with me goes, I won't be tellin' your husband. Just do me a favor and don't ask. I'm not lookin' for whatever you have to offer. I came here to work and that's all I'm goin' to do."

She kept this irritating smile on her face the whole time. "When you change your mind, you'll know where to find me."

From that moment on, every chance she got, she was coming on to me. She'd follow me into the freezer, drop things and bend over in front of me and even go as far as delivering me a blender to my apartment.

I kept my cool, knowing how much I needed this job and understanding that f**king around with the bosses wife could literally end my career, or at least any reference I would ever receive.

Did I think about f**king her?

All the time.

She would have been the perfect distraction from Lacey. I knew it would be a temporary high and that after time I'd be back to wondering what she was doing and if I'd ever see her again.

After two whole weeks my feelings still hadn't changed. Lacey was on my mind when I went to sleep and when I woke up every morning. Hell, sometimes I even checked the other side of the bed, thinking she was there and that losing her had been some kind of shitty nightmare.

There were several times that I'd picked up the phone and started dialing her number. I'd even started writing her messages on the internet, before turning off my computer before I could hit send.

The night she came over to tell me she'd been with Shayne was her way of saying that we were done. She didn't want to talk to me anymore and certainly didn't want anything else.

It was especially lonely for me at night. Since I didn't know my surroundings, I ended up sitting in my apartment reading. Most television shows were in Italian and, although I knew some words, I couldn't understand sentences.

I guess I could have called my family, albeit the last thing I needed was to make my mother any more upset than she already was.

One month after moving to Italy, I was getting accustomed to the lifestyle more and making friends from my job to hang out with after work. For two weekends I'd gone out with the guys. Their English was broken, but I could understand enough to be able to communicate.

I'd never been much into the club scene since I'd been so focused. I stuck to my schedules before and even made appointments to do things that interested me, including sex. Everything had changed for me when I moved and I honestly hadn't stuck to a schedule since.

I wasn't a fool. It was obvious that this was me acting out by changing everything that would remind me of the life I left back in Maryland. I was doing everything differently. Of course, sex was a huge part of it.

I hadn't been with a woman since I'd left for Italy. Lacey was still too much on my mind and the last thing I wanted to do was attempt to be with another woman and think about her the whole time. Not only had I tried that before, but it ended badly with me not being able to perform. She'd f**ked me up; so much that I refused to go back to my old lifestyle in fear of being burned again.

Then, after that first month went by, I started having urges again. My body was used to being satisfied and I was depriving it. The more Gia pushed, the more I was seriously considering getting it out of my system.

One night after a long day at work, she approached me as we were leaving. Her husband had gone to a meeting and left us to close the place. "Joey, I'm going to need to get my blender from you. We're having company over and I want to entertain. Do you mind if I follow you back to your place to get it?"

There were other workers still around, but I wasn't born yesterday. I knew what she was insinuating and my dick needed attention something fierce. I'd waited long enough for Lacey to contact me and was sure it was never going to happen.

I made it to the first alley way before Gia pressed her body against mine. Her lips were wet and within the first seconds of contact, she'd already slipped her hand down my pants. The chick was on a mission. She wanted to f**k me and I was going to let her.

It wasn't my problem that she was married. I'd never liked getting involved with other men's women. It had always been a rule I stood by.

My rules were over. I didn't care anymore and I wasn't going to. The woman I wanted had kicked me to the curb to hook back up with her cheating ex.

When people started walking by the ally, we composed ourselves and continued walking. I got almost to my door and saw someone standing in front of it. Gia spoke first in her language and then in English. "You need help."

The woman turned and I was speechless.

She was the last person that I ever expected to see again and there she was, standing in front of my apartment. I knew I had to act quick before Lacey got the wrong idea, even if it had been my intention to sleep with Gia.

"Gia, she's here to see me. Why don't you go out without me tonight?"

She looked at me and then back to Lacey. "You sure?"

"Yeah." Gia must have known that I knew Lacey. She kissed me on each cheek before walking back down the road.

When I knew she was gone, I turned around to make sure I wasn't just having a hallucination. "Lace, what the hell are you doin' here?"

I moved her body out of the way so I could unlock my door. Then I grabbed Lacey's bags and pulled her inside.

She was crying hysterically and I didn't know what to do. I was so excited to see her and yet petrified of what she'd assumed was happening between me and Gia. The worst part was that if she hadn't been here I would have regrettably been f**king her. "I can't believe you're here. How did you...What are you doin'?"

All she did was shake her head. She wouldn't talk to me.

I pulled her hands up to my lips. "How did you find me? Did my mother put you up to this?"

"Why didn't you tell me you were leaving?" She'd traveled all this way to ask me that? Something else had to be wrong.

I put my head down, feeling terrible, but wondering why she was asking. I'd given her the letter. "I didn't need to explain my reasons to anyone, Lacey, especially you. You made it clear that we couldn't be together."

"No! You don't understand."

I began pacing around the room. She was being so confusing. Had she come all this way to make me feel like I was the bad guy? "Lacey, tell me why you're here. You see, I'm tryin' real hard to move on. I moved here to get away."

"Get away from what? Are you in trouble?"

"No! I didn't do anything wrong. Stop actin' like you don't know."

She came up behind me and put her hand on my back. "I really don't know."

I turned slowly realizing that she'd never gotten my letter. Lacey had no idea why I'd left. She didn't know how I really felt about her. It pained me, having her touch me and care about me when the last thing I'd said to her was to go away. "Don't, Lace."

"Why? Why can't I touch you? Do you hate me that much? Did you leave because you hated me?"

I kissed her hand again.. "I can't hate you."

"I don't understand." That seemed to make her more confused. She backed away from me.

I walked forward, unable to let space get between us. "What don't you understand? I told you how I felt. I told you that you were different. I knew I shouldn't have let myself feel that way. My mother always told us not to give a woman our heart. She said they'd just break it, but you were different. I couldn't help myself. I had to know what it felt like to open myself up to you." I paused before I said something that I'd regret out of feeling so frustrated. "Then you go and sleep with Shayne, like I meant nothin' to you. Do you have any idea what that felt like to finally fall for someone and have that happen? I had to leave, Lacey. I couldn't see you again, even if it was by chance. It hurts too much knowin' you don't want me that way." I walked in the bathroom and said something that I really didn't want. "You need to go."

I could hear her running towards the door. Her hands slammed against it. "Joey, don't shut me out. There's something you need to know. I can't tell you through the door."

I'd never, in my entire life, gotten so emotional. My eyes were burning and I knew then that what I was feeling was real. I opened the door and stared into her sad eyes. "Are you here because someone's hurt? Is it my mom? Tell me, Lacey."

"I came because I love you," she sobbed. "I came as soon as I found out you were gone. I know it was stupid, but I couldn't tell you over the phone. I needed to see you. Now, after seeing you with that other woman, I know I wasted my time."

Time froze for a second and then I had her in my arms. My lips were on hers and I wasn't about to let her go, even if she fought me. Lacey loved me and all I wanted to do was be with her.

Our tongues began to mingle and her arms were wrapped around my neck. She was there with me and we loved each other. In that moment nothing else mattered.

It was like a dream having her in my arms again. Nothing was going to take her from me this time. I'd make sure of it.

Chapter 25

Lacey was in my arms, waiting for me to say something. "I thought if I took this job I could forget about you and the way you made me feel, but I was wrong. I can't get you out of my head."

"So you picked up other women?" Apparently, she was worried about other things.

I laughed and felt happy that she cared so much. It also felt great knowing that I hadn't slept with anyone. Still, I needed to reassure her. I may have been coming home to sleep with my boss's wife, but if I had an inkling that Lacey was on her way to be with me, it never would have happened. "That woman is my bosses wife. I don't have a lot of stuff here yet, so I borrow theirs from time to time. She came to get their blender because they're expectin' company tomorrow night."

"So, you weren't hooking up?"

"Woman, you make me crazy! Why would I want to be with any other women, when all I want is you? Don't you get it? I'm crazy for you, Lacey. I drink beer to forget you and pass out dreamin' about you. You think I wanted to let myself feel this way? Damn it, I've gone my whole life without carin' and the first time I open my heart, it gets torn to shit."

Lacey started to cry and I felt bad for lying about Gia, but she'd come all this way to be with me and I couldn't hurt her with the truth. Besides, I could have changed my mind and not slept with the woman anyway. Regardless, it never happened.

She shook her head and cried more. "I'm so sorry," She grabbed my hands. "But I'm not leaving this time. I came all this way, not just to bring you home, but because hearing that you left crushed me. I don't care about the past, or the head games that both of us were playing. This thing between us is real."

I didn't know how to respond to that. Did she really come all this way to get me to go home?

"Say something."

I had to ignore her comment and take into consideration that she'd come to be with me and we were just wasting precious time by standing around. I picked her up in my arms and look into her eyes. "You flew here to be with me, Lacey. I need you naked, so we can f**k, because I'm tired of picturin' it in my head. I need to have the real thing."

I carried her crying ass to the bedroom and lay her down on the mattress. She sat up on the edge, staring at me with wet eyes. We said nothing as I grabbed the bottom fabric of her shirt and began lifting it up. Lacey put her arms above her head, making it easier for me.

I knelt down and looked directly into her eyes and I removed her shoes one at a time, and then her pants. Then I stood up and started removing my clothes, while watching her slide off her bra and then her underwear.

I wanted her so badly that my dick felt like it was on fire, but it wasn't just about the sex. I needed to feel close to Lacey because I'd missed her more than I even realized. Now that I had her with me, I needed her in my arms.

I just needed her.

When I climbed on the bed, she slid into my arms. Our kisses were slow and full of emotion. Our tongues matched rhythms, just like they'd done every time we'd kissed before. Everything about her was so familiar to me, as if I'd memorized every detail and never realized it.

It wasn't just the way her hair smelled, or how soft her skin was to touch. It was everything that she said, the way she moved, and the way I felt with her in my arms.

We didn't need to talk to feel that connection. It was already there, guiding us to be together again. I entered her slowly, absorbing the way it felt as I glided in, inch by inch.

Our naked bodies moved together and it felt like the first time being with her all over again. Being with Lacey was so much more than sex. When I was with her I never wanted it to end. She was so beautiful and I knew she was in my arms because she wanted to be mine. I wasn't going to have to share her with anyone else, and I sure as hell couldn't imagine being with another woman. She was all the woman that I needed.

It was a first for me, but one I was sure was the right choice. I'd tried to live vicariously through other women and all it did was make me want her.

Our breathing increased as her first orgasm took control. Her body arched and I continued kissing her to heighten the moment.

Even feeling satiated, she didn't stop there. Lacey wanted all that I had to offer and I was going to give my all, until I passed out from exhaustion or died a happy man.

The hours started to pass and we'd been making love since Lacey had arrived, only stopping for bathroom breaks and water. Even though our movements were exactly as I'd remembered, everything felt new. This woman did things to me that no other could.

I'd been right to run away in some aspects, because our connection as intense that I knew I'd never be the person I was before.

Lacey could never understand the impact that she had over my actions. She'd restored a part of me that had been locked away.

My heart.

She leaned over and pinched my ni**les between her nails. I reacted, moving around as the pain rushed through my limbs. The pain may have stunned me, but it also had given me a jolt of need. I started f**king her harder, becoming more turned on as she cried out my name. She was so wet that each time I thrusted inside of her it made loud slapping sounds. Her juices were sticking to my skin, leaving me more turned on and giving me the fuel to keep going at it.

I reached down, wet my thumb, and then began rubbing her clit with pressure. "I thought about this pu**y every damn night. Show me again, Lace. Show me how it puckers up for me."

I looked down, waiting for her pu**y to start to spasm around my cock. She knew what I was waiting for and even with her eyes closed, I could tell she fighting the urge to give it to me. She wanted me to keep pleasing her and I didn't intend on stopping until she couldn't move any longer.

A warm gush oozed out of her as she screamed out into the dark room. As her body climaxed, I kept rubbing her swollen clit, making sure I got every ounce of pent up sexual desire out of her. She bucked more against my stiff cock, and if it wasn't for me concentrating so hard on making her cum, I would have blown my load already.

Seeing as she was sexually exhausted, I started my pace to get the job done. The louder we splashed together, the harder I hit it, using the smacking sounds to bring myself to the finish line.

Tears rolled down her eyes and I knew they weren't because she was sad. I felt the same way she did; so utterly taken back that we were together again that our emotions couldn't be contained.

Lacey's shaking legs wrapped around me as I continued pumping myself inside of her. She knew I was close and I'd held off long enough. The massive explosion had begun and I lost all senses in my body. It tightened up and I felt dizzy as it kept pumping. Finally, as it started to soften, I was able to regain movement.

Lacey's smile was the first thing I noticed. I'd been thinking of that smile for so long that it almost didn't feel real. I knew she was there with me, but it was surreal at the same time.

She'd traveled on a plane to another country to hunt me down and profess her feelings for me, even when she had no idea how I would react. Knowing that a woman, that I care so deeply for, had done that for me was the more reassuring feeling. For someone that swore on a bible that I'd never fall in love, I was digging an early grave, because it had happened and there was nothing that could change my mind.

Lacey started yawning and I knew she was exhausted from her long journey to get to me. Seeing that we were both satisfied, I held her close in my arms and kissed the top of her head, as she traced the skin on my chest. My heart was still racing, as if I was seeing her in the alley for the first time.

Then she started crying again and this time it was more like sobbing. "What's wrong, Lace?"

"I almost lost you," she cried out. "I'm just so happy to be here with you, Joey. I'm sorry for staying away and fighting what was really happening between us. I should have trusted you, listened to you more."

I wiped her tears away with both of my thumbs. "Stop cryin'. It' ain't your fault. I could have been clearer, but I wasn't sure how to be. It ain't like I've been in this situation before."

Lacey nodded. "I know."

I kissed her softly, tasting the tears that had traveled down her face. When I pulled away, we were staring into each other's eyes again. "I thought you were usin' me to forget Shayne. I didn't want to admit my feelin's to someone that didn't want me back. Leavin' was easier."

"No," She shook her head. "It wasn't easier. I thought you didn't want to see me anymore. I stayed away because I was afraid that it was easy for you to forget me. It hurt me so much. I thought that sleeping with Shayne sent you over the edge and you decided that you didn't want me anymore, in any way."

I rubbed her cheek and smiled. "It was the opposite. When you told me that you slept with him, I felt like I couldn't breathe. My damn stomach hurt so much and I wanted to hurt him so bad. That was so hard for me, Lace, hearin' you say that you gave yourself to another man; a man you loved."

"I know you won't understand this, but I slept with him because I wanted the closure. I did it because I knew that there was something happening with us. Sleeping with Shayne had nothing to do with love. It was about saying goodbye to something that I'd held onto for too long." It still didn't help hearing that she'd given herself to Shayne again. I hadn't made it clear back then, but she belonged to me. I didn't want to share her with anyone, especially him.

I wasn't too convinced that f**king someone goodbye was the way to end things. "Are goodbye f**ks somethin' that normal couples do?"

She shrugged. "It was a mistake."

I grabbed a towel and put it between her legs, to clean off the mess we'd made. It satisfied me to no end that she'd let me f**k her without protection. I'd never done that, never having felt enough for my partner to be that intimate. "You're here now."

She reached up and touched my lips with her fingers. I kissed them while keeping my eyes on hers. "I'm so sorry I hurt you. If I would have known how you really felt, I never would have touched him again. I swear I wouldn't."

"Lacey, Shayne still wants you, that's no secret. If you gave him another chance..."

She pressed her hand over my mouth to prevent me from continuing. "Shh, it's never going to happen."

We got more comfortable, laying on our sides and facing each other. "I'm goin' to f**k up at some point, because I've got no idea how to be in a relationship."

"You're doing great." She was starting to slur her words as she fell asleep.

I didn't know if she could even hear me as her breathing had already changed like she was sleeping.

"I'm so in love with you," I whispered against her ear.

Chapter 26

It took me a long time to fall asleep. Just having her there in my arms still didn't feel like it was really happening. Perhaps the newness of committing myself was getting to me. I wanted to make her happy, so that I could wake up to her every day. It was hard figuring out how to not mess things up.

I kept her tight in my arms, smelling her hair as I played with it between my fingers. I wondered what she'd had to do to find me and knew she must have gone to my mother. That also meant that she'd known mine and Shayne's Lacey was one in the same. Knowing she was in my bed led me to believe that she hadn't said anything harsh to her. I think my mother was probably just happy that I'd finally stopped being a selfish prick about women. She'd always warned me about getting my heart broken, but as I got older she'd wanted the best for me.

I think I was happy for so long because I didn't know what I was missing. My assumptions of love being some form of punishment that always ended badly. I never understood that when you fall, nothing else matters but being with that person for as long as you can. I certainly never saw myself wanting one woman, but Lacey had changed that opinion. She'd made me see that the right person could make all the difference.

Then I thought about Gia, and how I'd almost slept with her. My stomach knotted up imagining getting myself fired because of something so stupid. I was desperate to forget about my feelings for Lacey, even if it would have been temporary. Her being in my arms showed me how much harder it would have been to be intimate with someone else. No matter how attractive they were, they'd never be her. They'd never smell like her, or touch me the way she did.

When I finally fell asleep, after nearly an hour of deep thought, I knew I wasn't ever going to let Lacey go. No matter what I had to change, she was worth it.

I woke up before Lacey and played with her hair. She opened her eyes and smiled back at me.

I kissed her on the cheek. "How long can you stay?"

She sat up on her elbow and looked over at me. I loved seeing her with bed head and reminding myself how it had gotten so messed up.

"I didn't think that far ahead," She admitted.

"Well, now that you're here, how long can you stay with me?" I wanted an immediate answer, because thinking about her leaving was already making me crazy. I knew I couldn't expect her to never go home, but I wanted her to stay for as long as possible.

"Not long. My parents will flip when they find out that I ditched school to leave the country." I was shocked that she hadn't told them. Obviously, she'd come to find me spur of the moment.

"Lace, what if you stayed here with me? We could travel on my off days and not worry about anyone tryin' to come between us." She was an adult. Surely, she'd want to see the country before going home.

"I came here to get you to come home. Everyone misses you. We can be together now."

The smile on my face faded. She wanted to be with me, but only if I came home with her.

"It's not that simple. This job wasn't just about me runnin' away. Sure, if I would have known that you'd be with me, I wouldn't have accepted the offer, but the truth is, I applied for this position last year. When a spot opened, I knew it was an opportunity of a lifetime. Walkin' away from this could end my career. Do you know how many chefs get this kind of break?"

Lacey immediately started to cry. I don't know what she expected from me, but I couldn't just hop on a plane and give up something I'd worked so hard for. "I don't understand. You said you wanted to be with me."

"I do." Didn't she understand how much?

"I can't live here, Joey. I can't leave my whole life and drop out of school."

I stood up and looked down at the bed. Lacey was just sitting there sniffling, waiting for me to answer her. I didn't know what to say. She didn't want to live with me in Italy and I didn't want to go home.

Then she began to sob.

"I can't leave, Lacey. I'm sorry. I know you must hate me, but this is what I've wanted my whole life. I'm not askin' you to live here forever. It's just for six months to a year." I reached for her hands and kneeled in front of her. "Just consider it. Things would be so much easier if you were here with me. I'm so f**kin' lonely and the thought of you goin' home will drive me nuts."

"It's not that simple. I have to finish school. My parents don't even know I'm here. They won't understand, because I never told them about you. I'm so sorry."

I looked down at the sheets. "I understand. It sucks, but I understand." It f**king hurt knowing this wasn't going to work.

Lacey grabbed my hands and I looked right at her. "If I could, I'd stay here with you, in this bed for as long as possible. You and I both know we have obligations. We can't drop our lives and not regret it at some point."

"I know. What do we do now? Do we spend the next couple days fallin' deeper for each other and then act like everythin's okay when you have to go home?" I was wondering if I should take back wanting to be in love. It was already showing it's ugly side.

"We can have a long-distance relationship."

I shook my head, knowing damn well I wasn't okay with her being in another country. "I don't even know what that is, Lace. You're askin' me to pour my heart out to you every night, when I can't be with you physically? What kind of relationship is that?"

"People do it all the time, " she argued.

I ran my hands through my hair and thought of what to say without pissing her off. "It's stupid. It's worse than not bein' together at all. I don't want to worry about you bein' so far away. I don't want to hear your voice on the phone and miss you like crazy." I threw my arms up. "I don't want to feel like this!"

Lacey sobbed, so terribly that I couldn't help but want to comfort her. I sat down beside her and placed my hand on her leg. "Don't cry, baby. Please don't cry."

"I can't help it. I want this with you. No other man has ever made me feel the way that you do. You're acting like you'd rather walk away from this, than try to make things work. My heart is breaking. I came all this way for you, because I loved you so much that I was willing to cross the ocean to bring you home to me. Now, you tell me that can't happen. How am I supposed to feel? How am I supposed to look you in the eyes when I know that we have to say goodbye to each other? I'm sorry, Joey. I'm not like you. I can't do it without hurting."

I climbed back under the covers next to Lacey, pulled her close to me and then covered my face with my hands. Reality was a bitch when it was pulling us apart before we had the opportunity to build our relationship.

For a little while, neither of us said anything to each other. It was difficult to be in the same room, so close to each other, with nothing reassuring to say.

Lacey finally got up and went to get a shower. Maybe I should have followed her and told her I'd do whatever it took to make things work. I know I'd said that I couldn't do long distance, but I sure as hell wasn't willing to give her up without trying.

My job wasn't permanent. I'd be home eventually. If we could make it work until then, we'd be golden.

I was in love with Lacey and watching her give up on me was never going to be an option.

Since I had to be to work in the next several hours, I knew I had to reassure Lacey. When she climbed back into my bed, I didn't know what to say. She was still crying and the only thing I could do was hold her.

After a while, I knew I had to get up and shower. Lacey never joined me and I didn't think anything of it since she'd already gotten one. While I stood there, letting the hot water fall over my body, I thought of every option I could to make things work between us.

I planned everything out in my head. After work, I'd give Lacey the best night of her life. We'd talk about everything and smooth things out, so that when she did have to go, she'd know that I wasn't going to give up. If she wanted the long distance thing, I'd give it to her. I'd talk to her every single day, as many times as she wanted, provided that it helped us stay connected while being thousands of miles apart.

To reassure that we were on the same page, I sat down on the couch next to Lacey after dressing for work. She'd calmed down a little and I felt like we were on the same page without having to explain it.

"I'll be back in time to take you out for dinner. Promise me, you'll still be here."

She nodded. "Yeah."

When I walked out of my apartment I felt confidant that things were going to fall into place. I could play out our future in my head and it made me happy. Lacey would show me how to be the man she needed and I was prepared to change for her and for us.

Chapter 27

It was nice to walk into work and not see Gia. My boss was there arguing with someone on the phone in both English and Italian. He waved when he saw me, but I kept on walking trying to ignore his personal business.

Every shift had a to-do list, so I walked over and took notes of what needed to be done and got right to work. Like every day, he only stuck around for a few hours before leaving. I appreciated that he trusted me to run things, but also hated knowing that Gia would be in to oversee what was going on.

She came in an hour after he'd left and I could tell that she wanted to know all about the blonde that had taken her chance away. While getting some dough out of the walk-in, she came in and let the door shut behind us. "Joey, why did you send me away last night? I thought you wanted to be with me?"

I attempted to walk by her, she blocked me. "I need to get these in the oven."

Gia shook her head, grabbed the tray out of my hand and sat it on the shelf. She pressed me hard against the other side wall. "I don't like it when you pretend that you don't want me."

She didn't understand that I wasn't pretending. Her hand grabbed my cock, which was a bit sore from f**king Lacey so many times the night before. I grabbed her hand and removed it from my pants. "I'm not pretendin'. Last night was a mistake. It's never goin' to happen."

She pressed her body against mine and brought her knee up to brush it between my legs. I felt it making contact with my dick and it was beginning to piss me off. "Tell me that you don't want me." She reached her hand down her pants and started rubbing herself. "You make me so horny. I want you to f**k me, right now."

I swallowed the lump in my throat and thought about Lacey being at my place waiting for me. Gia was gorgeous and I knew I could give her what she wanted without anyone finding out. After considering it for a second, I used force and pushed her out of the way. "I don't want you and if you don't back the f**k off of me, I'm tellin' your husband what you do to his employees when he ain't around."

I grabbed the tray and got the hell out of there.

When she came out she looked pissed. Obviously, Gia wasn't used to people rejecting her. I knew she was finished trying to get to me, so I acted like I wasn't feeling well and left early.

I was so excited to get back to Lacey and talk about our future. On the way, I stopped and got her some flowers that I knew would cheer her up. After all, it was the little things that she really enjoyed.

I whistled for the rest of my walk, imagining a repeat of the previous night. As I climbed the stairs and started calling her, I knew something was off. The apartment was quiet and I desperately searched for her. Not only was Lacey gone, but so were her bags and a note was sitting there waiting for me to read.

I wasn't stupid. I knew the note was her saying goodbye and it crushed me. After traveling all this way, she decided that she didn't want me after all.

I grabbed the note and opened it, knowing it was going to shatter me.

Joey:

Being with you has been some of the happiest, most exciting times of my life. I'll never forget how you helped me through my tough break-up with Shayne. Thank you for letting me know a side of you that no other woman has known. I will never forget that you gave me your heart.

To say that I love you back would be an understatement. When you pop in my mind, my stomach does butterflies and I feel like a giddy teenager, awaiting my first kiss. Our connection has always been mutual, even when I was fighting you off. I think that's why I fell so hard for you, because I could feel that it was going to be amazing.

You didn't disappoint. Everything you said was true. You were the best that I've had and probably the best I will ever have, but all good things must come to an end.

As much as I don't want to do it, I have to walk away now, before I fall apart before your eyes. Being with you, here, in this beautiful place, hearing you say those three words back to me, is something I will never forget. Words could never describe how much love I feel for you.

The thing is, I can't hold on to hope when it comes to us. You said it yourself, that you don't know how to have a long-distance relationship. I get it, I really do, but it doesn't make it hurt any less.

I'm leaving today, before you get home, because I can't say goodbye to you without hurting. I can't look you in the eyes and tell you that we're over. It's not what I want, but what has to happen. Let's face it, you're gorgeous and women notice that. I can't be halfway across the planet from you and not wonder when or if you're hooking up with someone else. Maybe Shayne is to blame for my trust issues, but I have them now and I can't help myself.

I hope one day, when you come home, you'll forgive me and we can be friends. That's lame and cliche, but it is the truth.

I love you, Joey, with everything in me, I swear I do, but I can't hold onto hope when I know I will only be disappointed. I can't ask you to change for me, or be faithful when we're so far apart.

Thank you, for everything you've given me. I will treasure our time together for the rest of my life.

Love, Lacey

I read it six times.

The words never changed.

Lacey didn't want to wait for me and there was nothing I could do about it. I'd failed at reassuring her and she'd left because of it.

If I'd only told her everything that I thought about in the shower, perhaps she would have stayed and I wouldn't be sitting there staring at a letter that was stabbing me directly in the heart.

Desperate to reach out to her, I sat down at my computer and started messaging her. I couldn't let her go without a fight, not after her finding out that I loved her.

I was determined to show her that I'd never give up. She needed to know I'd do whatever it took.

My first note was full of emotion. I wrote everything on my mind and hit send.

Lacey, I don't know what I did to deserve this. Did you come here to rip out my heart one more time, because that's what you've done? I brought you flowers and whistled my whole way back from work, in which I got off an hour early. I was more than excited to know you were waiting for me. You can imagine the pain I felt when you weren't there and had left that note.

I don't care what I said the other night. Given the chance, I would have talked you out of your decision. I sure as Hell didn't tell you I loved you so that you could leave me.

This sucks. I'm guessing you're still on a plane heading home. In that case, just know that spending even one extra day with you was worth so much to me. No matter where you are, or who you end up with, just know that you're the first woman I ever loved. I'll never forget the way your body felt in my arms, or the way you looked when you were lying naked in my bed.

Love, Joey

After I reread it, I realized that I had more to say. It was as if I thought I was speaking directly to her and I wasn't going to stop until she responded.

Why can't you talk to me? I'm hurting too, you know. Don't you get it? I was just getting used to moving forward. I'd focused on my job and tried to forget about how much I missed you and then you come walking through my door. You gave me f**king hope and then you took it away. I , at least, deserve an explanation, other than this f**king note. We're not kids, Lacey. You're being ridiculous. None of this makes sense to me. Why leave if you were happy? Why rip out my heart on purpose? Did I hurt you? Did I do something that I'm unaware of?

Just talk to me.

I stared at the screen, knowing damn well that she was probably on a plane and not even able to read them. To make the time go by faster, I swallowed down two bottles of wine. When I woke up after passing out, I had a notification.

Desperately, I opened it and read the short two worded response.

I'M SORRY.

I took the bouquet of flowers that I'd stuck in one of the wine bottles and threw it across the room, denting the wall as it shattered all over the room.

She was sorry.

SHE WAS FUCKING SORRY.

I was overwhelmed with pain and guilt and didn't know what to do. It wasn't like I could drive over to her place and set things straight. Besides, she didn't want to talk to me.

I was left wondering how something so beautiful could turn to shit so quickly. I'd done everything right and it still wasn't good enough. I wasn't the man she wanted and unless I gave up my job and went home, she didn't want to be with me.

Feeling more alone than ever in my life, I cried. I stood in the shower and cried like a pu**y because she was gone and I felt sorry for myself. I couldn't see a simple solution. Feeling rejected was the worst. I'd been thinking that I was the best she'd ever had. She'd even stated it in her note, but obviously that wasn't true. She was giving me up, probably because I wasn't good enough for her.

For so long I'd been egotistical, never considering that the world didn't revolve around me and my dick. This was what I deserved. After a lifetime of only using women for sexual pleasure, I was left with a broken heart and I had not one person to blame but myself.

Chapter 28

Day after day I thought about her. I kept thinking she would send me a message or call me, but it never happened.

Finally, I couldn't take it anymore. Every night I felt sick to my stomach and I knew she was to blame. I wanted to hate her, but I couldn't, because each time I thought about her at all, I fell more in love.

When I couldn't stand the silence, I found her number and sent one message. It was short and said what I wanted.

I LOVE YOU- Joey

Lacey didn't respond right away. I figured that she wouldn't. I'd paid so much attention to her that I knew how she handled things. She was terrible with anything emotional.

Eventually I got a notification that she'd written back. Her words burned my eyes to read and became the final nail in my coffin.

Joey,

Please stop messaging me. We're over. There's nothing you can say or do. It was fun, but I can't do it anymore.

Lacey

After that message I knew I'd never hear from Lacey again, as long as I was in Italy. I had a decision to make and until I did it, nothing was going to get better for me.

I don't know why it was so hard for me to want to go home to her. My job was becoming more of a hassle than a learning experience. My boss's wife hadn't given up on wanting to f**k me.

Just days before, she'd been waiting for me in the walk-in one night when we were the only two left. I went to lock up and couldn't find her. When I opened the door she was in the back with nothing on below her waist. Her fingers were rubbing over her pu**y as she looked right at me with a smile. "You could f**k me right now and nobody would ever know, Joey. Don't you want this pu**y?"

Now, I was a man and she was beautiful, especially sprawled out masturbating in front of me. It was tempting.

"No. I really don't."

I went to turn around and leave her there. "Wait, Joe." I stopped and slowly turned around, making it a point to only look at her face.

"What do you want now? Can't you take a f**kin' hint?"

She started to cry. "I just want to be touched by a real man. You don't know what it's like being married to someone that ignores me every day. I want to feel beautiful." She wiped away her tears and watched me cross my arms. "I want to be touched, that's all."

I ran my hands through my hair and let out an air filled laugh. "Look, you've obviously got marriage problems, but I can't be the person to help you. I've got enough problems of my own. Fuckin' you would complicate it worse."

"Is it because of that American girl that came to your place? Is she the reason that you won't f**k me?" Admittedly, her accent was sexy as hell, but she'd just mentioned Lacey.

"Yeah. It's because of her."

"She's not here, Joe. I would never tell anyone. It could be our secret." Gia hopped down and walked toward me. She grabbed the collar to my shirt and pulled me up close to her face. "Don't you want to touch me? I know you must get lonely."

I closed my eyes just as her lips brushed over mine. It was wrong. I knew it, but I needed to feel something other than pain.

When our tongues met it send a jolt right to my dick. I picked her up and leaned her against the cold shelves. Gia's legs wrapped around me as she reached down and started unbuttoning my pants.

Then I stopped.

I think she'd known all along that I wasn't going to go through with it from the way she slid off of me without arguing. I backed away and wiped off my mouth. "I can't."

Then, out of nowhere, her demeanor changed. She leaned back and looked right at me. "If you don't go through with it, I'll tell my husband you assaulted me."

I pointed right at her. "You are a shitty excuse for a person and a wife. Go on and tell him whatever the f**k you want, because I'll already be gone."

"Wait!" She ran after me, grabbing the back of my shirt.

I turned around. "What do you have to say now? We're done here."

"I'm sorry. Please don't quit. He'll blame me for everything."

"Lady, you're psycho."

"Please, don't quit."

I left her there, crying and thinking that I'd just quit my job. At that moment I thought I did, but after going home and thinking about it, I knew I had to do it the right way.

I'd already packed up my things when I went into work and told my boss that I wasn't coming back. When he'd asked me for the reason, I let him know it was a personal decision that had to do with a woman I had back at home.

I don't know why Gia was such an attention whore, because her husband was a nice guy. He provided for her and let her want for nothing. Some women just weren't worth the fancy shoes on their feet.

I didn't call home and let anyone know I was heading in their direction. After being away, I just wanted to surprise all of the faces that I cared about, especially one in particular.

During my flight home, I considered telling Lacey the truth about Gia and how I'd almost slept with the woman. The thing was, Lacey had left me and I was free to be with other women. The bottom line was that it never happened, so there wasn't a reason to make her upset. My coming home was for the sole purpose of getting her back, not making her hate me again.

I called my little brother when my flight arrived and he wasn't that thrilled to hear from me so early in the morning. "This better be good, dude. It's five o'clock in the mornin'."

"I'm at the airport. Come get me."

"What?" I could hear him getting up and the covers rubbing against his phone. "Mom didn't tell me."

"She don't know. Look, I'm goin' to grab somethin' to eat. Call me when you get close and I'll tell you where to meet me."

We hung up and I went to grab some coffee. Once I got seated and started waiting for my brother, I stared at my phone. There was only one number that I wanted to call. It was hard to not do it.

Instead, I waited an hour and called Ford. "Joey? Did you get your phone transferred internationally?"

"I'm at Dulles Airport. I'll be to my apartment in a couple hours."

"Really? Are you stayin' or goin' back?"

"I'm home for good. That's why I'm callin' you. Look, I don't know if you've got plans tonight, but I'm havin' a party."

"I'll bring the booze." I laughed when he'd offered to bring beer.

"I sort of need you to bring somethin' else."

"Name it."

"I need you and Sky to get Lacey there, without tellin' her I'm home. She can't find out, Ford."

The line got quiet for a second. "I was right, wasn't I? She's got you by the balls?"

"Yeah, somethin' like that. Listen, can I count on you to get her there?"

"Sure. We'll get her there."

"See you when I get home, cuz."

When we hung up I felt excited. She was probably going to play hard to get and fight me worse than ever before, but by nightfall I was going to have Lacey in my arms and I wasn't planning on letting her go.

My brother took forever, but he finally arrived with Peyton in tote. She got out and went to move from the front seat, but I offered it to her so I could rest. Before I could close my eyes, my brother started off with the questions. "So, what happened? Do I need to move out? Can me and Pey stay in your guest room?"

"I'm home because it's where I belong. As far as you crashin' in my apartment, you're goin' to have to wait on that. I may already have a roommate lined up."

"What? Why would you do that behind my back, man? You suck. I was just gettin' used to havin' some privacy."

"I didn't do shit behind your back. It's my f**kin' apartment. Get off your ass and get your own place."

Peyton punched Jamey on the arm. "Shut up. He's talkin' about a girl roommate."

I leaned forward. "How would you know that?"

"It's Lacey, right? I saw her when we gave her that box. She's in love with you isn't she? That's why you came home?"

I was reluctant to say anything to her because she was Shayne's sister. Then I wanted her to know, so she could tell him I was back for my woman. "Yeah, it's Lacey. I'm hopin' you're right about her lovin' me."

"Does she know you're back?"

"No! Don't tell anyone either, especially that brother of yours. This had to be a surprise. I've got it all planned out in my head."

She pretended to shut her mouth and throw away the key. "Your secret is safe with me."

I finally pulled my hat over my face and went to sleep.

Our first stop was the diner. When my mother saw me climbing out of my brother's car, she came running outside. "Oh my God, what are you doin' here?"

I pulled her into my arms. "It was time to come home."

She smacked me on my arm as she pulled away. "Why haven't you called me? Don't tell me that you've been locked up with Lacey this whole time."

My mom didn't know. "She didn't stay, mom. She left me there."

"What? She came to me and told me she had to find you. I know love when I see it. That girl was crazy about you." She pulled us away from Peyton and Jamey. "Is it because of Shayne?"

My brow tightened. "No. It was about me not wantin' to come home. I hurt her and she left me. It's why I'm home."

My mother's face brightened. "You finally fell didn't you?"

I smiled back. "I reckon I did. Now I just have to figure out how to get her back."

"I think that when she sees you gave up everything for her, you'll get her back."

I didn't know how the night was going to go, but I needed my mother's help to make it happen. We went inside and ate while discussing a welcome home get together. My mom and I could make all the food, while my brother cleaned the shit out of my apartment, since it was spotless when I'd left. Ford and Sky were bringing Lacey and the rest was up to me.

I was tired, but determined and I only had a couple of hours to prepare. By the end of the night, I wanted Lacey in my bed and to do that I'd have to finally make the commitment she wanted. I have to be the guy that she could depend on and mostly trust.

For some reason, I knew it would be easy, because nothing meant more to me than having her in my life.

Chapter 29

The waiting was killing me, especially after I saw her pull into the driveway and walk over to Ford and Sky's house. The plan had been set into motion and in no time at all, she was going to get the surprise of her life.

Ford sent me a text message letting me know that Sky was getting her all dolled up for a "party they were taking her to". I made sure everything was set and changed my clothes. Everything had to be perfect for when she saw me.

I got a message a little bit after telling me to go outside and hide behind my car. He must have waited for me to get into position before opening the door and them walking outside. I could hear them talking as their voices got closer.

Out of nowhere, Sky said she'd forgotten something and asked Ford to go with her to get it. I knew that was my cue.

I peered through the car windows to see her walking toward their car. Lacey was wearing a tight, short dress that came up very high above her knees. Her legs looked sexy as hell and I didn't even want to take my eyes off of how low the dress was in the front. Her titties were bouncing around when she walked and without even speaking to her, my c**k was already showing signs of being close to her.

"Can I get the keys? It's freezing out here." Lacey covered her chest with her hands. I started taking off my leather jacket and placed it over her shoulders before she could turn around. When she did, I think the whole world stopped moving.

She stared at me and I couldn't take my eyes off of her.

"Joey?"

I put my hands on her cheeks to warm them and looked right into her beautiful eyes. "Just so we're clear, I don't deal well with breakup letters."

I could tell she was a little shocked that I was actually standing there with her. "When did you get back?"

"This mornin'."

"Are you visiting?"

I shook my head, but continued rubbing her cheeks with my thumbs. I was afraid to let go of her, because it felt like a dream. "I came all this way to chase this girl. You see, I don't chase women, but this one slipped away from me. She thought she was doin' the right thing, I suppose. She didn't get that I would have done anything to keep her with me. She didn't understand that my future was nothin' without her in it."

"She sounds like an ass**le," Lacey said under her breath.

"Well, maybe I wasn't clear enough about my intentions."

"Maybe you should tell her now." My heart was racing a mile a minute, especially because I could tell she was happy that I'd come back for her.

"That's what I'm standin' here tryin' to do." I leaned in close and let our lips touch for the first time. God I'd missed her so much. "You hurt me, Lacey."

"I'm so sorry. I didn't want to stand in the way of your career."

Then I felt like she needed to know how she'd done me wrong. She needed to know that her coming to Italy broke me in two. "You wouldn't talk to me. You completely shut me out, like I meant nothin' to you."

"It hurt too much. I've been miserable without you."

"You have a terrible way of showin' it," I added.

"So what happens now?" Did she really have to ask me that question?

"You see, you didn't count on me comin' back so soon did you? You thought I'd move on and pretend this never happened?" I motioned between us.

She shrugged. "Something like that."

I grabbed her arms and tightened my face up, trying to find the right words to say to her. "I don't give up that easily, woman. I told you before, I always get what I want. If you'd stayed long enough, you would have realized that I wasn't goin' to let you walk out of my life. I'd fight for this, because it's all I want. I'm a grown man, who knows what he wants in life, but I don't want any of it, if I can't share it with you. I'm sorry it took me so long to get back. I had to tie up loose ends and make sure I had a job to come back to."

"You're not going back to Italy?" She seemed stunned.

"Lacey, I came home to be with you. I chose you over everything else. It's time to change and leave my old life behind me. I want more." I paused for a second and then reiterated. "I want you."

She started crying and smiling at the same time. It was somewhat confusing watching her emotion going awry.

I leaned into her lips. "I love you,"

Our kiss was anything but boring. We stood there making out like we were naked and in private. Her tongue was letting me know what she wanted and we needed to be inside for it to happen.

For months we'd fought our feelings and it was finally time to admit that being together was the only way for us to both be happy..

Lacey pulled away from our kiss and then wrapped her arms tightly around, pressing her head against my chest. "I don't know what to say."

"Say you love me back. Tell me that comin' home wasn't a mistake. Say somethin'."

"I love you back."

We both smiled.

I knew my family was probably staring out the window, watching our every move. Not that it mattered. At some point Sky and Ford had come back outside and went to my place and neither of us even noticed. We were too caught up in each other, and honestly, I didn't care if they all went home and left us alone. The only thing I wanted more than holding Lacey in my arms, was holding her while she was naked in my arms.

We started walking toward the party hand in hand. "I thought you liked Italy."

I shrugged and thought of something funny to say to avoid talking about all of the negative shit that went down with Gia and being miserable. "I can't get a decent cup of coffee and croissants are over rated. Who wants to eat pasta with a spoon, when they could be comin' home to you every night? I missed you, woman."

Lacey laughed and leaned her head against my arm. I knew then that coming home was the best decision that I'd ever made in my life. I'd always lived for my future and stuck to my goals. It was funny how I'd never known what I was missing until I had it.

When we reached the door, Ford opened it up for us. His smile was the first thing I noticed. I placed my hand on his shoulder and gave him a half hug. "Thanks for bringin' her to me."

"Hey, Sky's so happy, I might get some extra booty tonight."

I shook my head. "Considering that you get it practically every night already, I'm not even going to ask what you mean." My cousin was a perfect example of how I wanted to change. He'd messed around with women, but once he'd met Sky, everything changed. They'd be engaged soon, and surprisingly, I'd be happy for him.

Lacey didn't let go of my hand as we walked inside. My mother looked so happy when she came up and pulled Lacey into her arms. "I knew you'd bring him home to me."

"I didn't do anything," Lacey argued.

I squeezed her hand. "Yeah you did."

Once everyone settled down, we sat around talking about my trip and how much I'd missed being home. The whole time all I wanted was for everyone to leave so I could carry her to my bed and make up for all of the time we'd lost.

We'd have plenty of time to make-up, so I bit my tongue and pretended to be enjoying the house full of people.

I don't know whose idea it was, but a little while later, Ford stood up and made an announcement. "Yo, listen up! I say we take this party to our place and let Joey get some rest."

Lots of comments were shouted out.

"He ain't goin' to be restin'." Jamey yelled.

"Lacey isn't tired!" Sky added.

"Don't do anything I wouldn't do," my mother said while laughing.

I threw my arms. "Okay, enough of the jokes. I'm just goin' to throw it out there. I'm takin' Lacey to my bedroom in five minutes. If ya'll want to stick around listenin', it's your business, but don't expect us to come out and keep you company. We've got a lot of makin' up to do."

Her face was red and I knew she was embarrassed. It didn't matter though, my family started gathering up their belongings and kissing us goodbye as they headed over to Ford and Sky's place.

Then finally, we were alone.

Chapter 30

It was still hard to believe that she was in my arms.

Once everyone finally had gone over to Ford's it took us only seconds to retreat to my bedroom. "As much as I like seein' you in this, I think we need to get you out of this dress."

I pulled her into the room, while keeping my lips somewhere on her skin at all times. I'd missed everything about her. The way her hair and skin smelled and the way her hands fit perfectly inside of mine. Not to mention the fact that she was the only woman I'd ever made love to.

Lacey wasn't anything like Porsche, Candace, or Sam. She was someone that I wanted in my life, every single day. I'd missed our talks and the way she smiled first thing in the morning, even when she was extremely grumpy. It was those little things that I'd never paid much attention to with other women. I hardly ever cared about little personal details as long as I was getting what I came for.

I watched her sit down on the bed and pull away from me. With a deep sigh of relief, I reached around and unzipped her dress, feeling it loosen. Lacey slid down and got on her knees, while lifting her arms so I could pull the little black number off of her with ease.

She pulled my shirt over my head and bit down on her bottom lip when she ran her hands over my chest. It was that tiny touch from her that sent an electronic charge straight to my cock. Without a single mention, I stood up and started removing the rest of my clothes. Lacey matched my movements and pulled down her panties. Just seeing that little pu**y after so long made my mouth water. I felt like a wild animal and wanted to growl to signify my excitement.

Lacey came at me and I realized that it was too soon to get carried away. We needed to take our time and rediscover each other again. "Slow down, Lace. We've got all night." We were both on the bed and I climbed on top of her, accepting her hurried kisses again. She wasn't being rough. I could relate to the urge and the fact that we were both dying to reconnect physically.

Her kisses were ravenous and as her tongue ran circles with mine, she dug her long nails deep into my back. It was enough to get my attention and send a jolt directly to my dick. If I didn't take control soon, we weren't going to be making love for long.

I flipped us over, letting her be on top. I'd let her ride me silly, but go in deep until I knew we were both begging each other for more. As she rocked her sexy muff against me, I reached down and rubbed her, pulling my fingers back up to my lips and sucking away the familiar flavor. "As sweet as I remembered."

She moaned and threw her head back, biting down on her lips as her body continued to sway. I held onto her thighs and watched her getting off on just dry humping me. The chick wanted it bad and making her wait was well worth it to me. I knew what Lacey was like when I made her wait for the prize. In no time I'd have her pu**y throbbing and begging for more.

Lacey knew what I was up to and must have gotten it in her head that she could beat me at my own game, She sucked on her fingertips and brought the saliva down to her nipple. From there, she spread the shiny wetness over the already hard tip and moaned.

I had to admit that it made me crazy and I wanted nothing more than to turn her around and f**k her from behind.

But Lacey was worth the wait.

Besides, two could play at this game.

I brought her skilled hand down to her own pu**y and got the motion going for her before letting go. Then I watched as she began rubbing herself, quicker.

She started to cum and scrunched her little face up as she bucked around on top of me. I kept rubbing on her thighs, tickling her skin and making her even more crazy.

When she finally settled, I brought those fingers up to her lips and watched her sucking off her own orgasm. She knew I liked it, but I don't think she would admit that she liked it too.

Then she reached down and started doing it again. I grabbed her hand, preventing her from touching her pink pu**y.

I grabbed her skinny waist and lifted her up, sitting her right down on my face. Her scent was my aphrodisiac and I had to feast on her before I did anything else.

Her little clit reacted to my tongue as I continued flicking it. She sat up on her knees and directed my mouth to her sex. Lacey tried watching, but after touching her br**sts again, she was closing her eyes and started to buck around against my face.

I sucked her little clit in between my lips and tugged. Her head fell back again as I kept on doing it to her. Then I added my thumb to the mix. As soon as I started f**king her pu**y with my tongue and massaging her clit with my thumb, she lost total control over herself and the room filled with her high-pitched wails of pleasures.

"Show me how much you missed me, Lace. Show me what I do to you."

I rubbed it harder, knowing it would be the last time I needed to do it so vigorously. Then it happened again. Lacey screamed out something that wasn't English and kept on riding my mouth.

Her hot release filled my mouth, more than I had anticipated. I'd taught her how to really let go and have a female ejaculation, but she was getting better at it, or I was getting better at making it happen.

When she finally started to lift herself off of me, I smacked her swollen lips lightly, wiped off my face and placed small kisses all the way up to her neck. When I reached her ear, it was hard not to suck it in my mouth.

"Tell me you love me." I already knew she did, but I wanted to hear it. I wanted to hear that I had her heart; that it belonged to me and nobody else. I wanted her to reassure me that her pu**y was all mine.

"I do, Joey. I love you so much it hurts. I can't believe you're here with me."

I looked right into the blue eyes. "This is where I belong. Get that through your head. I'm not goin' anywhere, and neither are you."

Then I entered her, pushing my fully erect c**k all the way in. Her eyes got big as if she was surprised that it slid right in without a fight. When the slapping of her juices were noticeable I think she understood that her own lubrication was gliding me right inside of her tight channel.

Lacey wrapped her legs around my back and we sat up together. She clung to me, holding me tight as our lips came together. Our tongues mingled and then teased, while our bodies grinded apart and then together again.

The room was hot and sweat glistened between her tits. It brought my attention to them and I watched her br**sts bouncing all around. I had to close my eyes for a second, concentrating on something other than how amazing she was making me feel.

I felt the rush filling my c**k and then leaving it. For a few seconds, all of the feeling left my body and when it came back I felt like I was floating. I tightened, holding on to that last burst of pleasure.

Our lips met again, while I held her tightly in my arms.

"It's good to have you home." She said as she finally opened her eyes and peered into mine. Her face was still red from being overheated and I ran the back of my hand over one of her hot cheeks.

My next sentence shocked the both of us. It wasn't just the fact that I was asking her to be with me. It was so much more than that. "It's funny you said it like that. How would you feel about livin' here with me? You'd be able to see Sky and sleep next to me every night."

I couldn't finished what I wanted to say because Lacey was showering me with kisses. "I wasn't planning on ever leaving you again."

We talked for a while after that, and all that kept popping up in the back of my mind was how I didn't want any woman in my bed or even coming over to my place. I'd always felt like it was my private place that I didn't want to share. The women that had been in my life had a purpose and I was comfortable with that for so long that I thought it was normal. I never knew that there was something so much more intense out there, waiting for me to discover. I didn't know that I could feel the way I did about Lacey or anyone for that matter.

She had changed that, the first night she came over. She'd showed me that I'd been wrong, not only about company, but also relationships. For so long I'd believed that I would never want to be tied down to one person. I never, in a million years, understood how someone could only want to be with one person for the rest of their lives. Marriage was always something I considered to be a curse instead of something to celebrate.

When I closed my eyes, instead of seeing success and being independent, I saw something else. I pictured a future with Lacey and whatever else would come our way. I wanted to share my good and bad days with her.

I didn't know about forever yet, but I did know that I couldn't imagine not being with Lacey every single night. She belonged in my bed, lying in my arms, where I could open my eyes and be reminded every day that I'd made the right decision coming back to her. Nothing had ever felt more right and all I could do was feel like I was finally whole.

Epilogue

6 months later

"Lace, have you seen my leather jacket? I can't find it anywhere." Ever since she'd moved her stuff in, she'd taken over the guest room closet and half of mine. She also had a terrible habit of washing the clothes, but leaving them in the baskets of the closet, which made it difficult to maneuver around to even find what I was looking for.

She came walking out of the kitchen with it in her hands. "You left it hanging on the back of the chair last night."

The jacket wasn't what I noticed as I looked down at her wearing one of my wife-beater t-shirts and nothing else. "You should probably put somethin' else on. It's cold out."

She rolled her eyes and walked past me with a head full of wet hair. We were already supposed to be at the diner for a private family party, but instead, we'd gotten caught up in the shower. I'd gotten a text from my brother telling me to hurry up.

The party was for Ford's mother, my aunt. She's been sober for a whole year. Sky and Lacey had helped my mom plan the party, so it was important that we hurried up. I followed Lacey back in to the bedroom and saw her leaning over the bed to coordinate her attire. Seeing that ass bending over made me horny. I walked up behind her like a dog in heat.

She quickly turned, pushing me away. "If you keep it we're never going to get there."

"Well, stop throwin' it in my face. Damn!"

Lacey walked into the closet shaking her head and saying something under her breath, while I put on my jacket. I watched her for a second, rummaging through a basket that had probably been in there since she'd moved in with me. "I can't find my black dress."

Knowing that she owned about ten black dresses, I chose to walk away, clenching my jaw the whole time, before I could say something that she'd make me pay for later.

Lacey was difficult, messy and utterly annoying at times, but I loved her. So she had flaws. Don't we all? I mean, I wasn't exactly a poster boy and she accepted me anyway.

While sitting on the couch waiting for her I thought back to the day that we ran into Candace for the first time. Lacey, having no clue who she was, smiled as she greeted us. I felt a lump in my throat, feeling that at any time there was going to be a catfight.

Lacey was good though. She waited until we got home from dinner to freak out on me. It hadn't helped that Candace gave me a kiss on the cheek that left no question unanswered. It was more like she was trying to mark me as her territory. When her lips pulled away, I saw the fire blazing in my girlfriend's eyes.

We got home, got cozy on the couch and kissed softly. Then the demon came out. "Who the f**k was that girl? Was she one of them? Don't you dare lie to me about it either."

I leaned forward and tried to think of how to get myself out of hot water. There was no use lying about it anymore. I'd accepted that how I lived wasn't practical and knew she wouldn't get it. "Yeah, she's one of them."

She calmly folded her hands and then turned to look at me. Her face was serious. "I want you to tell me everything. EVERYTHING."

"Baby, you don't want to know. Besides, it don't even matter. I'm not goin' to see her anymore. You know that."

She never moved her position, which made me feel uneasy. "Joey, if you want me to ever be able to trust you completely, you've got to be honest with me. I realize that you lived differently, but I have a right to know who I'm with."

She did.

I sighed and reluctantly started explaining, beginning with Candace and finally ending with Porsche. By the time I was finished, my hands were shaking and I was sure she was going to throw up and then leave me.

Instead, Lacey sat there next to me, quietly. She kept her hands folded on her legs and looked down at them. "So, basically you had a schedule?"

"Yeah, pretty much. I mean, there were a few stragglers and besides Porsche and Candace, none were every week. I know it sounds bad, but..."

She interrupted. "Just let me have a minute." We sat in silence. I didn't know whether to reach my arm around her or run. "I can see how you got comfortable living that way. They were basically giving you the cake without expectations. It's bold. I could never be with someone so many times and not develop feelings for them."

"That was the problem with Candace. When we first got together, she told me she was in love with me."

"That explains her kiss. Does she know we're together?" I knew the next question was coming before it came out of her mouth. "Have you seen or talked to her since we've been living together?"

When Lacey started scooting away from me, I freaked. "No. Well, she messaged me when I got back from Italy. I told her that I was in a relationship and that I wouldn't be around anymore. I'm tellin' you the truth, Lace."

She looked right at me. "I believe you. Do you want to know why?"

I looked down at my own hands. "Yes."

"Because if you're lying to me about any of this, no matter what part, you know I'll leave. I'm not threatening you. I'm just letting you know that I can't be with a liar and I definitely can't compete with side pu**y."

A chuckle escaped my lips and I felt bad for doing it. "Sorry. It's just that you called it side pu**y. Baby, I can assure you that I don't want to be with any of them. You don't ever have to be jealous of them. We've changed gyms and I don't see Candace for back rubs because you give them better."

She shoved me. "Shut up. She's a professional."

"So, you don't think I'm a pig?"

She laughed and leaned in to kiss me. Our lips met and she pulled away slowly. "No, I think you're mine and I refuse to share."

We kissed again. "You know you never have to, right? Lace, I'm not that guy that cheated on you. I may have been called a lot of things, but I never cheated. How could I when I've never even been committed to anyone? You're my first and I hope you'll be my last."

She giggled and climbed on top of me, meeting her lips to mine. "I'll think about it," she teased.

"You better think fast, because the bed is callin' our names." I picked her up and carried her to the bedroom, where we made love and she comforted my soul.

Lacey fingers clicking in front of my face brought me back to present day. "Hello? Earth to Joey? I'm ready." She turned around in a circle. "Does this dress look okay? I think it makes my ass look huge. What do you think?"

Her ass wasn't huge and she was ridiculous for assuming it was. "You look fine. Let's go."

Lacey put her hands on her hips. "Fine? Does that mean I don't look good, because I can change."

When she began walking back to the bedroom I grabbed her hand and pulled her against my chest. She didn't seem shocked as she stared into my eyes. "Marry me." Not until I said that.

She stood up straight, but never took her eyes away. "Are you kidding me right now?"

I shook my head. "No. I don't want to do it now, but I'd like to in the future. Ain't that what you want too?"

She smiled and sat on the edge of the couch. "Well, of course I want to, but we've only been living together for six months and before that we weren't exactly on the same page."

I grabbed her hand and kissed it. "Baby, I don't want to get hitched tomorrow, or even in six months, but I do know that one day in our future I want you to be my wife, because let's face it, I'm crazy about you."

"You mean I make you crazy."

"We'll, that too." She shoved me and laughed.

Then Lacey smiled. "It sounds like a plan."

I put my arm around her as we walked out the door. "Yeah, it sure does."

Neither of us knew what was in store for our future, but Lacey was the rock that held me together and made me want to be a better man. I wanted to marry her and give her my name, so that when our kids were born, we'd be official.

Yes, I said kids.

I just needed to talk her into it and I had ways of making that happen.

