Chapter One

Cunningham Hall

London, 1812

Modern clothes? Check. Time travel watch? Check. The strength to continue what started at the bottom of a whiskey bottle a few months before? Double check.

Though, truth be told, Thomas couldn't believe he planned to travel forward in time-two hundred years, to be exact-to romp in bed with a wench from the future. He pulled on his cravat and stared at the floor. He could get sex in his own time, but it always carried connotations, as well as expectations, he didn't want to allow.

He didn't know if he ever wanted to remarry, and if he dallied with a lady in his time-that's what he would have to do. Marry the chit.

As the Earl of Cunningham, he defined the epitome of the most sought out noblemen without even attempting to fulfill the cursed role. The mamas of all the debutantes waved their fans-and other more notable objects-in his face every time he turned around. As a result, if he even glanced at one of the chits for more than three seconds, rumors of his impending marriage were whispered into the ears of the ton before he'd managed to finish a glass of the dreadful concoctions they always served at balls.

Worse, since his beloved wife had died in childbirth, he became even more irresistible. Every time he held his son, he missed her. He mourned her still. Loved her, even though she'd been dead a little over two years. He'd tried to move on so many times-most of them involving an empty bottle of whiskey or a charming lady of the night who caught his fancy.

But other women couldn't compare to his beloved wife. Their impish giggles and vacant smiles left an empty hole in his heart-where love should be. Where he was beginning to suspect love never would be again.

Even so, he figured it was high time to break his dry spell.

To do so without the threat of rumors and a forced marriage, he would travel into the future with the help of a magical device that resembled a tiny clock. A bit far-reaching of an attempt at privacy? Without a doubt. But if it allowed him to enjoy the company of a pretty woman-guaranteed by Madame Eve to whet his appetite-for a few hours without the risk of disease or discovery, thanks to the tight restrictions of the 1NightStand company, he deemed it well worth the extra effort involved.

Releasing a shaky breath, he took one last look at the blurry likeness of the woman waiting for him. Her soft features were pleasing enough, from what he could make out of her face. His shoulders straightened and he grabbed the time-travel watch, studying its intricate gray hands with two circles surrounding the face. The outer ring made him go forward in time, each full turn equaling one hundred years.

When he wished to return home, he would turn the smaller inner ring the opposite direction twice. The inner hands pointed to the hour of his arrival in the future. He set the time to nine o'clock at night, twisted it two complete turns as Madame Eve had instructed, and closed his eyes.

Every piece of his body tingled with small bolts of energy and pain. A bright light flashed across his closed lids-and he saw nothing.

***

Castillo Resort

London, 2012

Lady Eleanor perched on the edge of a chair, in the elegant suite inside Castillo Resort, London, examining all the modern baubles surrounding her. On the nightstand, a clock told her the time with glowing blue numbers. And the bathroom had a contraption which spewed out hot water on command.

Not to mention the flushing chamber pot. She wouldn't even dwell upon the audacity of such a creation, thank you very much.

She fidgeted with the hem of her skirt, tugging it lower in an attempt to at least cover her knees. No such luck. She would have to remain dressed in clothing so scandalous even a harlot would have crossed the street to avoid touching her.

She stole a glance at the clock, her heart speeding up as she realized that any minute now, her date would arrive. She'd decided to throw a moment of delightful fun into her life and arrange a one-night stand with a complete stranger. Placed on the shelf ever since she turned twenty-three...three years before, she'd suffered the dual misfortune of being poor, and in the shadow of three gorgeous, outgoing sisters whom every suitor sought out.

The quiet, shy sister of theirs? Not quite so lucky.

Eleanor didn't exactly break mirrors with her ugliness, but her spinsterhood had stemmed from the fact that she just...well...blended in. People would overlook her as if she were a potted plant, instead of an eligible debutante. She could have caught the attention of a bachelor or two, anyway, but by the time all her sisters had caught husbands, the money for ball gowns and fancy bonnets had gotten depleted.

It hadn't helped matters that ever since her first month in society, she'd been obsessed with a man so far out of her reach it was laughable. He'd visited her in her sleep for years, yet in the light of day had no clue she existed. He probably wouldn't be able to pick her out of a group of women if she paid him to. She'd spent her time in the marriage market comparing each man to him-and deeming each one deficient.

And so came about her life as a spinster.

It didn't mean she couldn't have one night of debauchery, as long as she was careful enough to not be caught with her hand in the cookie jar. No one could know about it, for if they did her reputation would be in shreds. Which is exactly why she went and contacted Madame Eve at the 1NightStand service.

No one in the future would know of her precarious situation, or care about her transgression from the shy wallflower she was supposed to be. Afterward, she would return to the doldrums life of a spinster. Back to sipping the spiked punch the unmarried ladies were forbidden from drinking because no one noticed her grab it. It tasted atrocious, but the thrill of doing something she wasn't supposed to do made the abuse of her tongue well worth it.

A knock broke the silence of the room, and she rose to her feet. She smoothed her skirt, wiping her clammy palms on the slinky material, and walked to unlock the door and swing it open.

In the hallway, stood a man dressed in those odd blue trousers which were in fashion and a black blouse, lacking any sort of buttons, which clung to his every muscle. He looked like he belonged in this century without a doubt-while she felt more like a fish out of water in her short skirt. His arms were bare, letting her admire them without restriction, and his muscles bulged as he shoved his fingers into his pockets.

Does he feel nervous like me?

Forcing herself to tear her attention away from his arms, she met the mystery man's eyes-and froze. Of all things holy and true, the Earl of Cunningham stood in her hallway, attired in modern clothing. Staring at...her? The wallflower no one ever noticed?

But...how could it be? What if he knew who she was? If he recognized her, she would be ruined!

He studied her naked legs for a good long moment. She took advantage of his distraction by attempting to calm herself. With a lazy smile, he raised his eyes to hers, taking in every inch of her body as he went. "Hello, I'm Thomas."

He grabbed her hand and lifted it to his lips. Right before he kissed her fingers, he caught himself and adjusted his hold so he shook her hand-just like gentlemen did. Madame Eve had sent an informational packet of how modern people acted. Had he gotten one, too?

If he had, then he must know that men didn't treat women differently from other men anymore-and they shook hands upon meeting.

Thomas's nervous expression told her more than words could how out of place in this new setting he felt. For years now, she had been watching him from behind the veil of her invisibility, and she recognized the tight edge to his mouth for what it was.

Nervousness.

Somehow, his unease made her more comfortable, and she fought to hold back a grin. His gaze darted from her low-cut blouse to her eyes and back again. Letting out a sigh, he took a turn about the room, intent on their surroundings.

When he paused in front of the television, she covered her mouth to hide a smile. He cocked his head and studied it, his eyebrows furrowed. He didn't move-just stared at the black square object.

Clearing her throat, she stepped closer to him. "Uh, hello. I'm...uh...Eleanor. Nice to meet you."

She bent a knee to curtsy out of sheer instinct, managing to hold herself back at the last moment. She ended up stumbling a bit-not too far off character, that-and smiled in an attempt to hide her nerves. There was something warm in his eyes-but no spark of recognition warned her that he knew her secret.

Then again, why should he recognize her? She'd spent her life hidden in the shadows of the balls he frequented, making every effort to blend into the background. He'd been kind enough to ask her to dance once or twice. Those were some of the finest moments of her pathetic life, as pitiful as it sounded. But, that didn't mean he'd recollect who she was.

She was remarkably unremarkable.

"You're beautiful. I never dreamed someone as comely as you would need a service for, uh, this type of thing." He rubbed the back of his neck and headed for the door she hadn't even realized stood open.

He closed it and struggled with the lock for a moment, jiggling it loudly. Stepping back, he studied it for a second, and then slid the bolt home. At least she wasn't alone in her confusion about how the blasted contraption worked. Why did "advanced" inventions need to be so darned complicated? He turned toward her, his hair disheveled and his lips soft. His fingers drummed against his thighs.

The uncomfortable silence stretched on, and she straightened her shoulders. He'd expect her to be a woman who didn't hesitate to take charge. As woman did nowadays. He probably wondered why in the blazes she still stood on the other side of the room as if he had the plague. She thought back on the packet of information Madame Eve had sent her, trying to remember what it said.

Women in this day are bolder. Act like a harlot would in your day, and you should fit in. That is to say, don't shy away from meeting his eyes. Don't be scared to tease him and flirt. He'll expect you to be bold. Fearless.

With Madame's words of knowledge bolstering her, she stepped forward and entwined her fingers with his. "Come with me, Thomas. Shall we share a drink?" She dragged him behind her, making sure to sashay her behind just like her sisters did. At the sound of his indrawn breath, she bit back a smile. He tightened his grip on her, his arm brushing hers.

Heart racing, she towed him to where the wine sat. She'd need to loosen up a bit to fool him into thinking she hailed from this time. Though she should run away without delay, the night carried the possibility of bringing her fantasies to fruition. In this very room, the man she'd pined for, the one she'd yearned to have, stared at her with hunger. Thomas wanted to make love-with her, of all people.

Who would've guessed it?

"So, Eleanor, tell me, where are you from?" He grabbed the wine, a brow raised as he grabbed the corkscrew to open the bottle. He studied the object, flipping it in his hands, and then put the sharp, twisty blade in the cork.

She could almost hear his thought process as he compared the modern version to the ones they were familiar with. He tossed a smile over his shoulder and poured two glasses. Giving one to her, he motioned for her to sit down on the couch. Once she did so, he sat so close beside her that their legs touched. The heat from his body pressing against hers caused her to tremble and almost spill the wine over the rim, even though he'd filled it only three-quarters full.

"I'm from London. My family has an estate out near Devon, but we seldom use it." Eleanor sipped her beverage, proud of her response. She sounded so...sophisticated. One would never guess she hovered a mere second away from exploding with anxiety. "You?"

"I live far away. I'm in town for a night, and then I return home."

Now, that was an understatement if she'd ever heard one. Two hundred years away, to be exact.

She held back a trill of laughter at his perfect reply. Clients were urged not to reveal the truth of their origins. Most people remained unaware of the joys of time-traveling-and the company preferred to keep it that way.

She licked her parched lips. "Oh, is that so? How fortunate for me to have the pleasure of meeting you before you leave."

He studied her mouth, and her insides clenched at the dark hunger she saw within. How was it possible that he could be so ravenous-for her?

"Indeed, how fortunate. I almost backed out, thinking it silly of me to do something so frivolous. Then, I thought, perhaps it could be an interesting diversion for the night." He finished his wine, and she hurried to follow suit. He refilled her glass first, then his, before turning to face her. His lips turned up at the corners, and she took another taste to steady her nerves. "I daresay it might end up being much more than a simple distraction."

Her heart skittered to a stop, and she choked on her wine.

Dear God, does he know who I am?

He set his drink down, plucked her glass out of her grasp, and placed it on the table next to his. His brow crinkled with worry, he pounded on her back. The force behind the blows made her stumble out of the seat, so he gripped her elbows to place her on her feet before repeating the action. She didn't know which made it harder to get air into her lungs...the wine or his "help."

She waved at him and croaked, "I'm fine."

His fingers tightened on her shoulders. "Are you alright, La-Eleanor?"

"You know?" He'd almost called her by her title. How had he figured out the truth? She stared straight ahead, scared to look at him, and stepped out of his arms. "H-How do you know?"

He frowned. "I know? What did I say, Eleanor?"

She realized her lapse in judgment before he finished speaking. He hadn't known she was a lady-he had just slipped up by addressing her as he was accustomed. She choked on a nervous bubble of laughter. His brow arched, so she coughed to try and disguise her laugh under the after-effect of choking on wine.

He hadn't the foggiest notion about her true identity. He'd called her Lady out of habit. Not knowledge. Stepping closer, she smiled up at him and brushed a finger down the curve of his jaw. She'd always wanted to do that. Always wondered what the stubble on a man's face might feel like against her skin.

It felt sinfully delicious.

She let her arm drop back to her side. "What I meant to say was, do you know how...nervous I am? I've not done this before, you know."

He ran his fingers through his hair. "Me either. My wife died not long ago, and I thought this a good way to start my life anew. Odd as it might sound...." His voice drifted off, and she swallowed hard. Her memories of his deceased wife were few and far between, but she had been gorgeous and popular among the ton. Everyone had loved her.

The complete opposite of how Eleanor would describe herself.

She captured his fingers and squeezed. "It must be hard to move on. I can't imagine."

"It's hard." He pressed his lips together. "Have you ever been married?"

Her heart twisted at his simple question. All she'd ever wanted was for someone to love her. And a few children to squeeze and kiss. She didn't ask for too much...did she?

She forced a smile. "No, I'm not married. I never found the right suit-" She broke off and coughed, barely catching herself in time. Women nowadays didn't call their prospective husbands suitors. "Uh, suitable guy."

Well, she'd found him, but he'd been already married and in love with his wife.

He rubbed his jaw and let out a breath. This, combined with his hooded eyes examining her, proved to be a deadly combination. Her breathing quickened, as did something deep inside her stomach.

Odd.

"I find that hard to believe." He swallowed hard. "You're quite beautiful."

She averted her eyes. "I assure you, I am not sought-after."

He picked up another strand of hair. His attention was on her face, and she wondered if he even realized what he was doing with his hands. "I can't imagine you don't have any suitors. A man would be a fool not to knock on your door."

"You've never called on me. Does that make you a fool?" She stepped a bit closer, and his nostrils flared. Trembling at her brazenness, she wondered where it had come from. She had never crossed the line between appropriate and inappropriate. No one ever attempted to seduce her or even steal a kiss.

Yet, she flirted with Thomas as if she were a connoisseur of men.

He held her waist, his thumbs brushing small circles on her hips. "Indeed, guilty as charged."

She batted her lashes. All those hours of watching debutantes flirt finally paid off. "Well, we're here now. And you've got me all to yourself."

She curled the soft fabric of his shirt in her fists, leaning into him. He clenched his jaw and pulled her closer, so close their toes touched. He grabbed her chin, holding her still. Her heart sped up, and she fought the urge to flee from his scrutiny. Why was he looking at her as if he knew her?

His brow wrinkled, he frowned. "You remind me of someone. I can't quite figure out whom...?"

She stumbled backward, dread filling her heart. Turning her back on him, she hugged herself and tried to come up with a way to continue her farce. If he gawked at her much longer, he might manage to recollect her face.

That wouldn't do at all.

Thomas walked up behind Eleanor, trying to read the tense line of her shoulders. Madame Eve's missive had told him women of this day and age were bolder. More willing to hop from bed to bed with one man after another. He had a hard time placing this woman in that category, though. Hell's bells, she acted more nervous than him.

She held herself as, and spoke like, a true lady. Of course, one needed to ignore the scandalous clothing she wore. If he didn't know better, he'd have sworn to having seen her at a ball or two. But she'd never fit in his world. Women in his day didn't walk around with naked ankles...let alone knees.

Nor did they bare their br**sts quite so much-or maybe they did. But somehow, paired with the short skirt, her shirt seemed more inappropriate to him. More tempting.

Speaking of which-they peeked over the top of her daring ensemble, and his palms itched to touch her. If he had to wait much longer, she'd wonder what in the world he'd hidden in his pockets. The only way he'd been able to control his desires so far was by shoving his hands into the far too small pockets of his ridiculous trousers.

He closed the distance between them and touched her shoulders. Her soft blonde curls teased his skin, and he wondered what she looked like with her hair in an elaborate coiffure.

When she stiffened, he hesitated. "Is something wrong? Would you like me to leave?"

She peeked at him over her shoulder. "No, I don't wish you to leave."

His c**k hardened against the uncomfortable zipper, and he stepped closer to whisper into her ear. "Would you like to go into the bedroom?"

He played with her earlobe and the loose strand of hair hanging over it, while she quaked in his arms. He placed a light kiss on her temple, resisting the urge to press his erection against her soft arse.

Having been without sex since Suzanne died, he hadn't expected to want Eleanor as much as he did. She'd barely said a word or two to him, but he ached to drive himself inside her until he could go no farther and sate himself with her luscious body.

Eleanor spun to face him, lower lip caught in her teeth. As she stepped close to his chest, she tilted her chin and looked up at him. His fingers traced the soft curve of her hip of their own accord, and he groaned at the lust shooting through his veins.

"Are you certain you're ready for this, Thomas? You seem to be in love with your wife, still."

Images of Suzanne played across his mind-of them laughing in their gardens, of her face as he plunged inside her. Why did Eleanor have to mention her? Did she know how torturous it was to picture his dead wife in the same line of thought as the woman he now sought to crawl into bed with?

Could he follow through with his rash decision to make love to someone besides her?

Could he afford not to?

Straightening his spine, he pulled her into his arms. Her bosom pressed into his chest, making him ache for more. Her light periwinkle eyes widened when he pressed her body more closely to his. He looked within their depths, and his heart melted. "I'm ready. With you...I'm ready."

Eleanor blinked. "Why me?"

"Because you make me long to feel something again. You make me ache for something I thought I could no longer desire." He opened his mouth and closed it, trying to find the perfect words. Tried to find a way to tell her how much it meant to him that she made him want to move on. "If anything, I need you too much. All my doubts fade away when I see you."

"Thomas," she whispered, licking her lips. "You have no idea how much I've waited to hear you say that. For so long."

Something was off with her words, something that didn't quite add up, but he wasn't going to waste time with thought. Right now, he needed her so bad it hurt. "I'm all yours."

She smiled and grabbed his shirt. "Then come get me."

Groaning, he crushed his lips to hers...and time stood still.

Chapter Two

Eleanor's world as she knew it froze, and all that existed was here and now. His hands on her. His tongue brushing against hers. Nothing else mattered. She seized the fabric of Thomas's shirt and whimpered. While his tongue plundered, her knees gave out. At her sound of distress, he swept her into his arms. He never broke contact with her lips as he carried her into the bedroom.

Setting her down on the bed, he tore his mouth from hers. Their raspy breathing filled the room, and he cupped her cheeks. She touched his lower lip with her pointer finger and then pressed it to her mouth.

"Is it always this amazing?" she asked, without thinking. His brow wrinkled, and she almost groaned. Always a gentleman, he'd refuse to deflower her if he suspected she was untouched, so she grinned and gave a brazen laugh. Reaching up, she toyed with his hair-much like he had done with hers. "I mean, most men can't even make me tempted, yet alone shaky. You're good at this."

He growled and pressed his erection against her belly. "I've been having the same issue with women. Since my wife died, I've found myself unable to desire another. Until now. Until you," he murmured into her ear, nibbling on the sensitive spot behind her lobe.

She shivered and pulled him closer. His chest pressed into hers, and her ni**les throbbed at his delicious weight. She wriggled in his arms, experimenting with the new sensations. Desire shot to her core, and she repeated the movement. Mmm. Even better the second time.

"If you don't stop that, it'll be over before I even get to have you," he muttered, his jaw tight. He held her hips still while he placed kisses down the side of her neck and over the swell of her bosom. "It might be over too fast even if you behave."

"I'm delighted to hear that," Eleanor murmured. Little did he know that she'd been waiting her entire life to hear those words. If he did know, he would probably laugh in her face. Unsettled by the reality of her pathetic life, she tilted her chin up to him. "Would you please kiss me again?"

"As you wish, my lady." Thomas took her mouth under his, swallowing her gasp at the slip of his tongue. Every time he called her by her title, she feared he knew her secret. But judging from the passionate kisses, she remained safe.

His tongue caressed hers and she squirmed beneath him, an itchy restlessness overcoming her. She moved her tongue, and he moaned as he stroked hers in return. His palm cupped her breast, and she arched her back as fire consumed her. He rolled the tip of her breast between his thumb and forefinger, playing with the nipple through the odd apparatus she wore called a "bra," and she raised a leg, eager to feel him scoot closer. When he moved between her open legs, his member pressing against the juncture of her thighs, she dug her nails into his skin.

The small noise he made spurred her on even more, and she ran her hands down his sides to his stomach. When he kissed a path down her neck to the top of her br**sts, her heart skittered to a stop, and then raced as he explored every inch of her.

He traced an invisible path from her left breast, down the jut of her hip then grasped her bu**ocks, melding their bodies tight together. While he rolled his hips, he latched his mouth on her nipple. She pulled his hair in a silent plea for him to desist. If he made her explode from want without removing a single article of clothing, she couldn't even imagine the amazing need he would awake in her when she was naked

He raised his face to hers, sitting on his haunches. His gaze dropped to her sprawled legs and the short skirt, which hid nothing from his view. He reached for her again, and she halted him by shaking her head.

He clenched jaw. "Is something wrong?"

Overtaken by a boldness she had no idea she possessed, she kneeled in front of him and clutched the hem of his shirt. "Yes," she managed to say. "You have too many clothes on."

She pulled his shirt up his body, inch by slow inch, and he raised his arms in silent compliance, his hot stare not leaving hers until she lifted it over his head. She licked her lower lip at the heat she saw burning within him. Could he possibly be aching to have her? To move inside of her? If so, then....

She'd made him that way.

Nothing could have turned her on more. Thomas gripped her shirt and removed it as she had done to him, and she fought the urge to cover her br**sts. He blinked at the contraption she wore and traced his fingers over the line of the garment, his touch feather light. Dropping a kiss to her shoulder, he turned her around.

Accepting his gentle guidance, she peeked over her shoulder as his attention fell onto the clasp. He hesitated an inch from the fastener, his mouth tight, but then reached forward to release her br**sts. The garment fell off her shoulders, and she let it hit the bed.

She closed her lids, fighting for the composure to not collapse to the floor. When he stroked her breast, her already weak knees threatened to give way. His bare chest touched her, his chest hair tickling her naked skin as he reached around her. He closed his palms over her br**sts, which fit into his hands, and she leaned against him to allow him better access. He traced circles around both her ni**les while at the same time nipping the base of her neck.

When hot desire rolled through her, Eleanor whimpered. Her clitoris tingled, begging to be touched, while her ni**les pulsed wantonly against his palms. He spun her around, so she landed flat on the bed, and he rested his hips between her spread legs. His fingers tangled in her hair, he leaned in and whispered, "You torture me with your beauty. I fear I will lose all control and shame myself in front of you."

She had no idea what he meant by those words, but Lord, she liked the sound of it. Leaning up on her elbows, she kissed him, thrusting her tongue in his mouth in a bold move she hoped would incite him even more. He growled, fumbling with her skirt to throw it up over her hips as he sought out her heat.

When he pressed a thumb to her aching core, a place no one besides herself had dared to touch before, she froze. After the shock wore off, pleasure took its place, making her tremble. Her muscles tensed in a delightful reaction to his soft caresses. The few times she'd awoken from a dream of him kissing her, her hand pressed against herself, had felt nothing like this. Nothing compared to this.

He plunged a finger inside her and she cried out, raising her hips to get closer to him. Briefly, she worried that he would somehow know she wasn't experienced-or would stop. But whatever he did to her took away all conscious thought, and she feared it might kill her. Could she survive this type of pleasure much longer?

He groaned and surged into her again, this time harder. "You're wet for me, Eleanor. I need you now."

She nodded and he leapt off of her to undress. Though she didn't know much about making love, she knew he needed to be naked to finish the task. She should unclothe herself as well. If his touch had felt so delicious, his manhood promised to be ten times better. As he wrestled out of his clothing, she sat upright and crawled across the bed to the nightstand.

"Wait! We need to use, uh...." Eleanor fought to remember the word Madame had given the item she was supposed to use to prevent pregnancy. "A...condom!"

She grabbed it off the nightstand and gave it to him. He ripped it open, and she watched in fascination when he held it in front of his member. He fumbled a little bit until it rolled on, from the tip to the base. She could see his skin through the condom and gulped in air, feeling as if there weren't enough in the world for her to ever feel normal again.

The hugeness of his shaft sent a quiver to her middle, intermingling with fear. Would all of that fit?

Scooting away from him on the bed, she swallowed hard. "Maybe we should slow down a bit. Take it easy."

Cocking his head, he sat down next to her and brushed a finger down her cheek. Smiling tenderly, he said, "We can go as slow as you'd like. I will take my time, I promise." He brushed his lips against hers once. Twice. Teasing her into leaning closer to him. Into wanting more.

The feverish desire he had awoken in her before returned full force, and she moved closer, eager to feel his skin brush hers again. Tracing the contours of his chest, she marveled at the play of muscle and hair. So crisp and hard, yet at the same time silky smooth.

After a moment's indecision, she caressed his abdomen. His abs jumped under her light touch, and she exulted at the power she had over him.

His kisses distracted her while he removed first her skirt, and then her underthings. When his lips closed around her nipple, she writhed against the cool sheets. Or maybe they only felt cold because she was on fire-burning for him.

His hand returned to massage the sensitive bud at the core of her womanhood. Urgency overtook her, one she didn't understand, and her hips moved in a search for something that could soothe the hunger coursing over her.

She needed...something.

She needed to figure out what that something was. Now.

"Please, Thomas," she begged.

She had no clue what she asked for, but hoped to God he'd know. He shifted his weight so something probed her, and she lifted her hips in excitement. Maybe this is what she wanted.

Groaning, he thrust into her, and instead of the pleasure she'd been anticipating, pain rocked her. She cried out, caught by surprise at the unexpected discomfort, and he froze in horror.

"Bloody hell, you're a virgin?" Eyes wide, he started to withdraw from her, but she closed her legs around his waist.

"Don't," she cried. "Don't leave me. I want...I need...." She tilted her hips and groaned at the pleasure her movement made.

"Jesus." He clenched his jaw as he moved in unison with her. Her legs tightened around him, and she shifted again to see if the pleasure continued. If anything, it grew stronger.

More insistent.

Thomas plunged into her, and they began a rhythmic give and take of their bodies, making pressure build. It grew so strong she feared it would rip her apart. Just when she thought she couldn't take another second of the exquisite torture, something inside of her snapped, and pleasure spread over her body.

She collapsed into the mattress, and he pushed into her harder. Throwing his head back, his muscles tightened and he cried, "Eleanor!"

When he threw his head back, she wrapped her legs tighter around his hips and drew him in deeper, marveling at the sensation of his pulsing climax. He dropped to her side, dragging her with him so she lay within the crook of his arm. They didn't speak, as they caught their breath. He didn't release his hold on her until she traced a design on his chest. He grabbed her fingers and held them still, meeting her eyes with a frown.

"Why? Why did you give me your innocence?" He dragged a hand down his face and let out a growl. "That's something you should have given your husband. Not a stranger. Not me."

She forced a laugh. "You sound a bit old-fashioned, don't you agree?"

He tensed, and she couldn't help but smirk at her quick thinking. If she didn't know better, even she would believe that she came from this new, modern world. The new world where sex was traded freely without guilt.

She sat up and stared at a picture on the wall, an oil painting of a mother and her child. "Nowadays, a woman doesn't reach my age without taking a lover or two."

"Then why haven't you?" He sat up as well and grabbed his shirt to thrust it at her. "Put this on."

Confused at his behavior, Eleanor pulled it over her head, shoving her arms through the sleeves. She looked down at the shirt, fighting back a laugh. The garment was far too large on her and covered more of her skin than her previous outfit had.

"I kept waiting for the right man to fancy me." You. "But he...loved another. No one else caught my attention, and I got to a point where no one even noticed me any longer. So, I decided to take matters into my own hands and enjoy a night of fun. Why should I hang onto a senseless symbol of purity if I'll never even have a chance to marry?"

"Why won't you marry? I'm sure you can find a man willing to court you." His gaze took in her bare legs, and his penis jerked in his lap. "You're perfect."

Some inner hellion she hadn't known existed whispered for her to spread her legs a bit more, and she adjusted so he had a full view of her hidden delights. His shoulders tensed, and he clenched his fists.

"I doubt it. I'm on the shelf. I have been since Katrina married Lord Dum-" With a strangled gasp, she broke off and covered her mouth. When his eyes narrowed on her, she dropped the hem of the shirt back down to her lap, dismayed at what she'd gone and admitted. "That is to say, I've been there for quite some time."

Maybe he hadn't noticed the slip of her tongue. There remained a possibility he'd been too distracted by her body to pay attention....

His face whitened and he stood up. His arm trembling, he pointed at her. "Who are you?"

Chapter Three

Eleanor blanched and rolled off the other side of the bed, seeking to put something between herself and the man whose face turned redder with each passing second. His shoulders were held stiff enough he could have been carved out of stone.

Opening his mouth, he spluttered a few times, and then repeated, "You are...are you...who are you?"

She decided the best course of action was to act clueless and hope to God her plan worked. If worse came to worst, she had her magical watch hidden away in her purse. With the twist of a few dials, she could disappear in a cloud of smoke, if need be. He'd never figure out who she was.

"I...what's wrong?" She lifted her chin, trying to act as if she were confused by his show of temper. Her voice shook a bit, so she cleared her throat. "Was it something I said?"

"You know very well what's bothering me. How do you know Lord Dumont?" He removed the condom and tossed it into the rubbish container. Crossing his arms in front of him, his chest rising and falling in rapid succession, he asked, "Who are you?"

Perhaps, when she returned home, she'd do a watercolor of him, just like this. He somehow managed to look even more unbelievable while unclothed and furious.

How unfair of him to be so glorious when she was stuck wearing his shapeless blouse. It might have hugged his muscles like a second skin, yet on her it resembled a potato sack. She wracked her mind for the best course of action and settled for pure denial.

"Oh, him? Henry? He comes into the tavern I work at. He's a nice bloke." She smoothed her hair behind her ears, and waved a hand in front of her face. "Do you know him, too?"

He raised a brow and she cringed. She would do better not to lie to men ever again. If the coffers ever ran dry, she'd have to cross actress off her list of possible employments.

Which left...governess, seamstress, or mistress.

"Henry? His name isn't Henry. It's George." He rubbed his chin and watched her. She didn't even flinch. His name was Ronald.

Nice try, Thomas.

"Nope, sorry. The one I know is Henry. We must have gotten the two confused, somehow." She smiled and played with the hem of the shirt, allowing it to ride up her legs a bit. His gaze dropped, taking in her actions, and he took a step toward her.

Once again, distraction with body parts equaled success.

Thomas gave his body a slight shake and returned his attention north again. Pity, that. "Even so, why didn't you tell me you were a virgin? That could have been a good thing to know."

"Why? What difference would it make? These are current times, and as such-"

"I'm not a modern man, Eleanor." He pounded his chest and took another step toward her. "I do not make a habit of deflowering innocent girls and marching away."

Which is why she'd never tell him who she was. She rolled her eyes. "I assure you, sir, I am far from a girl. I knew what would happen when I walked into this room. And I know what I want. I bought a night of danger-free passion with you. And I'm not finished." She'd saved up a year of pin money for this night, and she darn well planned to enjoy it, thank you very much. Advancing on him, she lifted the shirt higher. "I want more."

"I can't," he insisted with a stubborn tilt to his chin. "You might tempt me as no other woman could, but I refuse to defile you any more than I already have. What if you became with child?"

"You weren't worried about that happening ten minutes ago!" She let the shirt fall back into place and stomped her foot. "Why would you care now? Besides, that's what the condom is for, remember?"

He backed away from her. "I had no clue you were pure. It's different now."

"I'm no longer an innocent. Problem solved." Eleanor tossed her hair over her shoulders. "You've already relieved me of that unwanted purity, and now I want more of what you've shown me."

"See? I've ruined you. I'm despicable." He sank to the mattress and groaned. "How old are you, again?"

"Twenty-six. Hardly a debutante." He froze at the familiar word, once again turning to scrutinize her. She kept her face impartial and soft-cursing her slip of the tongue. How many times would she utter a damning sentence in one night? "You have nothing to fear."

"I still can't touch you again, in all good faith. I never should have in the first place."

He crossed his arms across his chest, glowering at her as if she'd somehow wronged him. She knew she had stricken his gentlemanly pride, in turn bringing out the guilt they enjoyed wallowing in.

Men.

"Okay, I understand." Sheer instinct guided her. She smiled at him and then walked away in slow steps. She made sure to swing her bottom in the way that guaranteed a man would follow like a lost puppy. She stopped in the doorway, leaned on the wood, and glanced over her shoulder at his confused face. "It was nice meeting you, Thomas."

He stood up, his lips pursed. "Wh-Where are you going?"

"To find someone else to sully me. As you pointed out, it shouldn't be hard." She walked out into the sitting quarters of the hotel room, calling over her shoulder, "I paid for a night of fun...and I shall have it."

One. Two. Three.

Thomas snarled as images of a faceless man rising over Eleanor flashed before him. She writhed in the stranger's arms, moaning her pleasure for all to hear. Damn it all to hell, enjoying the new man's attentions even more than she had his. He had no idea when it happened, but she belonged to him. Which sounded insane in and of itself. She lived two hundred years in the future. It wasn't as if he could court her.

Wait.

Had he pictured himself giving suit to this woman? No. He couldn't be ready for such a step. He'd just lost Suzanne and couldn't commit to a second marriage. But...maybe she could be his mistress? Could he convince her to travel to his time? To be his kept woman? Could he ask this of her, when he was the one who had ruined her good name in the first place, and not another man?

Not bloody likely.

Yet, he didn't plan to stand by while she walked into the arms of a different man. For tonight, she belonged to him. He stalked across the room and caught up to her. Grabbing her by the shoulders, he backed her against the doorframe.

Shoving aside recriminations and doubts, he cradled her face and kissed her with the pent up frustration and confusion he'd been feeling since he'd discovered her innocence.

She'd never lain with anyone but him, and he would make the night memorable. They'd have to move on in a few short hours. But until then, he'd kiss every square inch of her body. Starting with the one spot she'd been taunting him with glimpses of all night. Letting his mouth fall away from hers, he dropped to his knees. He reached up and caressed her thighs, enjoying the play of his fingers on her milky white skin.

"I'm going to do something shocking, but I promise you, it is commonplace among lovers. Do you trust me?" He made sure to keep his voice husky, willing her to acquiesce to his request. "Can you let me taste you?"

Her face paled, but she nodded before gripping his shoulders. "Yes, I trust you. Just don't let me fall."

He ducked his head to hide his smile. She would require more help standing by the time he finished with her, but he would make sure she didn't fall.

Thomas hiked the shirt higher on her waist, and flicked his tongue against her clitoris. Her legs collapsed beneath her, but he'd been prepared for her shock at the sensations. He caught her in his arms and laid her on the plush carpet-unwilling to take even a moment away from their time together to walk her to the bed. He lowered his mouth once more, and she opened to him in readiness for his assault.

When he licked her again, she strained against him. Cupping her bu**ocks, he held her still as he lavished attention on her. She tasted of honey, and he savored every last bit she gave to him. Craved more. She tightened around him a little more with each stroke, until she froze, a cry breaking out on her lips. Her body went lax. Letting her down on the carpet, he put a condom on and rose over her, thrusting inside without a moment's hesitation.

She raised her hips, taking all he had to give her, and then somehow finding a way to take more. Their pace rose to a crescendo, and he pressed his thumb against her already sensitive nub. When her muscles compressed around him, massaging his cock, he let out a hoarse cry, spilling his seed inside her. He dropped to his elbows, keeping his weight off her. It wouldn't do to crush the girl. He kissed her damp temple, his arms trembling from the force of his release.

How could this woman make him act like a randy boy fresh out of Eton, eager to bury himself inside of her immediately after finishing? He'd been in more beds before his marriage than he could count, but with her he was revitalized. Rejuvenated. Alive.

As if he could start over and live out his happy-ever-after.

With her.

She wasn't gentry, so he couldn't get away with marrying her, but to hell with marriage. He had an heir anyway.

"What are you thinking?" she asked, her voice breathy. He brushed another light kiss on her forehead and rolled onto his back. He hopped to his feet and helped her to rise as well.

"I'm thinking I have to take this damned thing off." He walked into the washroom, and halted two steps in. Had he taken a wrong turn somewhere? Where was the bucket of water? The chamber pot? He heard Eleanor enter behind him, and spun with a smile.

It wouldn't do to let her see his confusion.

"Ladies first." He motioned her forward and stepped aside. She smirked as she walked, still clothed in his top, to the odd white thing in the corner, flicked a knob, and stuck her hand under the water rushing out.

Oh, right.

Plumbing, he believed it was called?

He spied a wastebasket of some sort and peeled off the wrapper covering his cock. His skin was left dry and clean, with only the head of his shaft showing any moistness. Astonishing.

They had similar concepts in his time, but not so efficient. She finished washing up and dried off before striding back out into the bedroom. He hurried to follow suit, pleased to find Eleanor lying under the blanket, her hair rumpled and tossed. He slid under the covers next to her, cradling her in his arms to inhale her sweet scent.

"You feel fantastic," Thomas murmured into her ear as he rubbed his erection against her bottom. Would he ever get enough of this woman? Would one night satiate his appetite?

Somehow, he doubted it. She let out a loud yawn, raising a dainty hand to cover her mouth, and he chuckled. He snuggled closer, and sighed in contentment. He'd allow her a small nap to rest up. But then, he reserved every right to awaken her not with words, but with caresses.

***

Thomas tensed, calling her name as he came. She quivered in his arms, and he dropped a light kiss on her swollen lips. He'd never imagined she'd be so adventurous as to take him into her mouth, a move which had led to this most recent bout of lovemaking.

So bold. He withdrew from her body and hopped off the bed. "I'll be right back." He removed the condom, washed up, and returned to the bedroom to find Eleanor sitting on the edge of the bed, hands crossed in her lap. With her back held stiff and perfectly straight and her head high, she gave him pause. She looked like she was sitting at an afternoon tea, rather than on a bed with barely a stitch of clothing on.

The first light of dawn crept through the blinds, making his heart stutter. The realization that it was morning crashed down on him like a fist. Their night of passion was over.

"Are you okay? Was I too rough?" Thomas asked, sitting down beside her. He wrapped his arm over her shoulder, enjoying the feel of her soft body pressing against his. Would he never get to feel this again? Never be able to marvel at how perfectly she fit into his arms?

"No. I'm fine. Wonderful, even. Tonight has been great. Thank you for being so kind."

He clenched his jaw, studying her closed face. Attempting a light-hearted smile, he leaned closer to her. He pressed his lips to her jaw, reaching out to hold her hand, and whispered in her ear, "It doesn't have to end yet."

Eleanor tightened her fingers around his, took a deep gulp of air, and faced him with a serious expression. "I have to return home. My family will be wondering about me, and they'll expect to find me in bed with the illness I claimed to have."

"Your family? I thought women like you lived alone." It's what his packet said, anyway.

He fought the panic rising over him, refusing to allow himself dismay at her leaving. Theirs was a one-night stand. It wasn't supposed to be anything more. Why, then, did he yearn to throw her down and make love to her until she couldn't leave out of sheer fatigue?

"No." She bit down hard on her lower lip. "Not me."

"Where do you live? I'll walk you home." He'd at least be able to think about seeing her again if he knew where to find her.

She jumped to her feet and removed his shirt. His mouth watered at the sight of her splendor laid bare, and he took the top from her out of sheer manners. She struggled to put on her underthings, as she said, "No, please. You can't come with me. It wouldn't be...right."

She conquered the bottom part of her unmentionables and spun the top part around in her hands with a frown. She tossed it over her shoulder-a scowl on her face, while she muttered something under her breath-and shrugged into her blouse.

"Contrary to how I might have acted tonight, I'm a gentleman, and I insist upon seeing you home safely."

As she stepped into her skirt, her shoulders were stiff and her knuckles white on the garment. "Fine. But give me a moment to get ready."

She looked perfect to him.

Pleasure overcame Thomas as he dressed, making his heart light. He'd find out where she lived, mull it over a bit, and decide if he wanted to ask her to be his mistress. No need to rush into things.

He'd know where to find her.

Under the cover of her eyelashes, Eleanor saw him clothe himself. Oh, how she ached to throw herself into his arms and confess all. But if she told him who she was, he'd feel obligated to offer his formal suit. He'd seduced a viscount's daughter. They might be poor, but she still had a title. And as such, he'd be duty-bound to make an honest woman of her.

There was no way she could do that to him. He'd never forgive her if she trapped him. And lies and anger did not make a happy marriage bed. Darn him for being so chivalrous and demanding he see her home. It made her exit a lot harder than she'd hoped for.

Reaching into her purse, she grabbed the cool metal of the time-traveling watch. She glanced over her shoulder and caught him watching her with a soft tenderness. If this had come in a different way, things might have ended differently. If he could care for her, she might open her mouth and confess all. Perhaps he could have even loved her, under different circumstances.

Instead, he could only see an illusion of her true self she had given him to hide her identity. She swallowed and sat beside him, cradling his cheek. Leaning in, she kissed him with all the love she could never express. She kept it soft and light. When he leaned in to deepen it, she pulled away and stroked his lip.

"I will never, ever forget this night. I hope you can remember me with fondness, as well." Her voice broke on the last word. She tried to look away from him, but found herself hypnotized by his amber eyes. "I'll miss you."

Thomas brought her fingers to his lips. "You said I could walk you home. There will be time for good-byes."

She tensed and blinked back tears. "It will do you no good to know where I live. I dwell far from here. In a place where no one ever sees me. You'll be no different, even after tonight. But know this: I have always, and will always, love you. Now, more so than before. I wish you and your son all the luck in the world."

His jaw dropped. "How could you...how do you know about my son?"

Eleanor knew as well as he did that he hadn't mentioned the child tonight. "I'm sorry."

She pulled out the device that would help her escape his accusing stare. When he saw what she held, he lunged for it. She jumped to her feet, did two fast turns counter clockwise, and closed her lids. Light flashed, and when she dared enough to peek, she stood in her bedroom, surrounded by all her familiar things.

Yet, in an unfair twist of fate, everything inside her had changed.

Epilogue

Countess Hastings' Masquerade Ball

London, 1812

One week.

One week had passed since his mystery woman-was her name even Eleanor?-had disappeared in front of him, after letting him know her secret. After punching him in the gut by letting it slip she hailed from his time...and knew him. He'd seen her turn the dial two complete turns, which took her back two hundred years- right before her vanishing act. Thomas hadn't stopped searching for her yet.

They had unfinished business, he and she.

How dare she lie to him? Make it seem as if she came from the future? Never mind the fact he'd sought to do the same. Somehow, her lies and secrets were different from his. He was a male, and she an innocent. And a woman.

Ladies didn't go around throwing their virginity away at a moment's notice. Then again, perhaps she wasn't a lady at all. He'd made discreet inquiries all around town about any unmarried, gorgeous, twenty-six year old spinsters. He'd gotten lots of odd looks and plenty of rumors circulating, but no damn answers. No one claimed knowledge of any such paragon. All the spinsters were described as dull and boring. And plain.

Not his Eleanor.

I live far from here. In a place where no one ever sees me. You will be no different, even after tonight.

A chill racked his spine, and he gulped another glass of punch. They ought to serve better beverages at these crushes. Maybe then he'd come more often. In all reality, he was here for one reason-he hoped to catch her.

Once he found her, he'd either shake her until her teeth rattled or sweep her into his arms and run away with her until he could find a way to make her want to stay. To make her his in every way. Scotland, perhaps. He had a small estate there he'd been meaning to check on.

But first, he had to bloody find her.

Where would a woman who never got seen be hiding? In the shadows? He searched every corner of the room, but he didn't see any swishing skirts next to him. Maybe it was as she'd said-she was a tavern wench.

But how would she know about his son? How would she have seen him enough to love him-as she claimed she did?

His instincts screamed no. If ever a true lady had existed, she was it. Why hadn't he recognized her? He knew all the debutantes. He scanned the ballroom for what had to be the millionth time, searching amongst the flowing couples for a sign of her blonde curls...a tad on the short side. Or maybe a hint of periwinkle eyes crinkled in laughter at something her dance partner murmured in her ear.

He rubbed his neck, amazed that he felt like punching a fictional man in the nose for making Eleanor laugh.

What the bloody hell was wrong with him?

He pulled at his cravat, of a sudden so hot he couldn't catch his breath. He dodged his way around all the marriage-minded mamas parading their daughters in front of him like prizes. He didn't give a damn if he acted rude.

He needed air.

***

Eleanor leaned on the balcony railing, frowning up at the moon, and tried to ignore the painful fact that for the third night in a row, she'd stood in the same exact room as Thomas and he'd had no clue. She'd seen his focus slip from one blonde to another, but it never fell on her. She'd like to think he scanned the crowd for her. Or to believe the reason he left with drooped shoulders every night was due to the failure of said mission.

But she wasn't a fool.

He had no reason to search her out. Their business had concluded the night she left him alone in a hotel. She refused to step into his vision, no matter how much she wished to see him again. Even if she cried herself to sleep every night as she remembered his arms around her.

No, it wouldn't do to embarrass them both by begging him to hold her one last time. She'd been blending into shadows for all her life-why should she stop now?

Unfortunately, she had no pressing need to confront him. The condom had done its job. Her monthlies had come right on time last week. She'd be lying if she said she hadn't shed a tear or two. Part of her had hoped to be required to find him. To show her face again.

But alas, no such luck.

A footfall sounded behind her, but she didn't turn around. Whoever it was would pass by soon enough. Why waste the energy for mere courtesy?

"I'm sorry, am I disturbing you?" Thomas's voice washed over her, inciting a riot of emotions inside her all at once.

She gripped the white railing tighter, terrified to face him. Anxious over whether he'd recognize her with clothes on.

Her stomach lurched as she pictured him smiling as he passed her, none the wiser that she'd shared his bed a week ago. Yet, she also remained terrified he'd recognize her and denounce her in front of the ton. Her heart beat deafeningly loud in her ears, drowning out the sound of anything but her fear. How could he not hear it? His steady footsteps faltered and then stopped altogether. She closed her eyes and prayed for mercy.

Please, God, let him-

A swift intake of breath, and then, "Excuse me, would you mind turning around, miss?"

She gulped in the crisp air, the world spinning and tipping to the side in front of her. Did he recognize her? Did he know who she was? Refusing to turn around and find out, she stepped deeper into the shadows.

He didn't take the unspoken hint, instead grabbing her elbow to spin her around. When he grasped her chin and tilted her face up, she slammed her eyes shut and bit back a groan. The moonlight shone through her closed lids, and she squeezed them tighter, not willing to see the anger and disappointment in his face as he realized his temptress had been none other than a spinster he'd overlooked for years.

And a boring one at that.

"Look at me." His curt voice made her flinch. She shook her head and jerked her chin in an attempt to free herself. He tightened his grip on her jaw, refusing to let her go. "I said look at me, Eleanor."

She shivered at the sound of her name on his lips, giving in to his demand. When she met his eyes, he groaned and brushed his thumb across her lip. "It's you."

"Y-Yes." Swallowing past her swollen throat, she said, "It's me."

"You left me." His mouth tightened and then he moaned, crushing his lips to hers. She gasped, taken aback all over again at the hunger he woke in her, and fought his hold. If he continued kissing her in such a fashion, her skirts would end up over her head within the minute.

He pulled her closer, thrusting his tongue into her mouth, and before she knew it...she was kissing him back. She no longer pushed him away, but instead clasped him closer. As she had feared, she was swept away by torrential passion and helpless to fight it.

He dragged his lips away, frowning down at her with a harsh line to the same mouth that had moments ago been driving her insane with want. She blinked up at him, trying to recollect why he'd wish to scowl at her instead of kissing her some more.

He gripped her upper arms, shaking her gently. "Why? Why did you use me, then leave without telling me who you were?" His eyes flashed in anger, but his voice cracked. "How could you just leave me?"

She licked her parched lips. "Why would I stay?" Her voice rose above polite volume, despite the knowledge that the ton would devour her alive if they overheard her. "We went there for a night of passion. Both of us went so far as to travel forward in time, with the help of Madame Eve, to ensure absolute privacy. Where, in all the secrecy, was there a clause stating I must tell you my identity?"

Thomas shook her again, and she shrugged out of his grip. Her feet got caught up in her dress, and she hit the ground on her bottom with a loud whoosh of her skirts.

How undignified.

"You," he pointed down at her, "told me you were from the 'modern times,' and as such, I had no cause to worry about ruining you. You lied."

She shrugged from her seat on the ground. "You still don't need to worry. No one will ever want to marry me. And I'm not with child. The only people who know anything about us are me and you. And Madame Eve. She won't tell our story, though."

His face turned bright red, and he squatted down beside her to thump his chest. "I know. Every time I see you, I'll picture you naked beneath me. When I see your lips, I'll feel them on mine. When your br**sts tease me from your corset," his gaze dropped to her heaving bosom, "I'll ache to taste them in my mouth once more. I will not forget."

Her cheeks heated, and she waved her fan in front of her face. She glanced behind him to ensure they were alone. "Shh. Someone will hear you."

"I don't care. I've been searching for you nonstop this past week, and I have no intention of letting you out of my sight ever again." He stood, grabbed her waist, and lifted her to an upright position. His fingers burned through the fabric, reminding her of what she knew all too well-how much she wanted him to touch her again. Love her.

As he dragged her to the French doors that led into the ballroom, she smoothed the wrinkles from her skirts. Couples whirled by the glass, unaware of the battle going on in the darkness of the balcony.

The closer to the doors they got, the more Eleanor dug her heels into the stone. "Wait, what are you doing? Where are you going?"

"I'm taking you inside to dance with me. Twice. We'll drink the god-awful punch, smile, and flirt. Shortly thereafter, we'll make a public exit together. Come tomorrow, I'll call on you and take you for a ride in the park. By noon, word of my courtship will be ablaze among every gossipmonger in the ton. In a month, I'll propose marriage."

"No!" She yanked free.

Eleanor walked a few steps backward, trying to collect her thoughts. He planned to marry her? Why ever would he do that? He took his chivalry too far if he thought she'd wed him over one night of passion. She'd not doom them both to a loveless marriage for society's sake. Society remained ignorant of her fall from grace. And, truth be told, they couldn't give a damn about her, regardless.

He advanced, thunderous fury clouding his features. "No?" His voice was deceptively soft, but she wasn't fooled. A muscle in his chin ticked, and she could hear him grinding his teeth. "What do you mean no? Are you refusing me?"

"First of all, I don't recall being asked." She tilted her chin and glowered down her nose at him. No easy feat, given her short stature. "Secondly, I will not marry you out of some nonsensical sense of chivalry."

Thomas growled and backed her into a wall. His hands rested on either side of her, and she quivered as he leaned in. His hot breath fanned her cheek. "Will you do me the honor of being my wife?"

"Why?" she whispered. "There's no reason for you to-"

"You push me too far." His voice held a warning in it. "You will be my wife. Even if I have to force you to Scotland to accomplish the fact. I am not above kidnapping my bride."

She clasped his forearms and looked up at him, pleading for the words she needed him to say. "I must know! Why do you want to marry me?"

He pushed off the wall to pace in front of her, tugging on his cravat. "Because I spent the past week thinking I'd never see you again. Because every minute away from you is one I lose holding you in my arms. Because you made me feel alive again. Made me care about life.

"I don't want to spend years being lonely and miserable. I didn't think anyone could awaken my heart after Suzanne died, until I met you. You made me whole again. And I won't stand by and let you walk away from me again."

"Oh, Thomas." She bit her quivering lip, trying to hold back tears at his words. Dare she hope he spoke true? Somehow, she doubted it. The more viable option was that he sought to be a gentleman. Time for her to be strong enough to save him from himself. "How can this be? I'm nobody. You've passed by me every day for years, never seeing me. You even asked me to dance a few times. Yet, you didn't recognize me as we made love. How can I believe you need me to live? Your honor can rest easy. You owe me nothing."

"I owe you everything," he vowed.

"No, you don't." Her voice broke on the last word. She needed to leave his presence before she drowned herself in pitiful sobs. She sought to ease his conscience, not make him feel worse. "I'm leaving now. Please don't follow me."

When she was halfway across the balcony, and almost free, he asked, "You said you loved me. How can you leave me if that's true?" His voice came out in a mere whisper, but he might as well have shouted it.

She froze, tears running down her cheeks, fists clenched at her sides. Her arms shook with the desire to wrap herself around him and never let go. Taking a calming breath, she turned on her heel. His haunted eyes met hers.

She twisted her skirt, weighing her options. "I do love you. It's why I refuse to force you to marry me. You deserve better."

"I need you. No one could make me feel better. I know this is all sudden. I know I've been a fool. But, let me court you. You can take as long as you'd like to decide if I'm worthy to be your husband. Give me time to show you my intentions are true. You'll see how much you mean to me. And you'll doubt me no longer. Just give me a chance."

His impassioned plea broke through the wall surrounding her heart, the bricks tumbling with a loud bang. He meant his words-wished for her to be his wife. What started as a one-night stand had turned into much, much more. Eleanor threw a silent prayer of thanks up to the starry sky, making sure to include thanks to Madame Eve. The wonderful woman who somehow had managed to make all her dreams come true.

She returned her attention to Thomas and nodded, incapable of speaking. A smile broke out across his gorgeous face. She couldn't get over the fact that he belonged to her.

With a joyous cry, he sprinted across the balcony, sweeping her into a tight embrace as he kissed her. Her fingers twined in his hair, her slipper clad feet dangling in the air as his palms lowered to her bu**ocks to pull her closer.

When the muted sound of a conversation broke through the silence, they broke apart, laughing at each other's exuberance.

He kissed her nose and then lowered her until her feet touched solid ground once more. She preferred them in the air, herself.

He struck a dandy's pose, holding out his arm. "So, my lady, shall we enter and give the gossipmongers something to keep them up all night?"

Eleanor beamed at him and slid her hand inside the crook of his elbow. "Why, yes, my lord. Please lead the way."

"Anytime, my dear. Anytime."

Indeed, all heads turned to them as they entered the ballroom. Echoes of "who is she?" filled the room, making Eleanor and Thomas smile as the orchestra struck up a minuet.

Who, indeed?<br/>

