1

"Gil, I'd like you to meet Diana Prentice. Diana, this is Gil Thorp and his wife Evelyn."

"How do you do?" Diana murmured politely. Her smile was real but strained. Her hazel eyes were shadowed as she greeted the couple on the doorstep. The Thorps were in their sixties, nicely dressed and smiling affably. "Colby has told me so much about you."

"Ill just bet he has." Gil Thorp chuckled as he took Diana's hand. "Did he remember to explain that twenty years ago I was the good guy in the white hat and he was the town's chief troublemaker, or did he alter the past to make himself look good?"

"He did mention that you were the sheriff here in Fulbrook Corners when he was in high school. I believe he said the two of you had what he described as an adversarial relationship," Diana said.

"An adversarial relationship, Colby?" Gil's bushy gray brows rose. "Now that's an interesting way of putting it."

He turned to his wife. "I can't remember how many times I got a phone call in the middle of the night telling me the Savagar kid was staging another drag race out on River Road. I lost more sleep the year he got that black Corvette than I care to think about."

"You had nothing better to do at night in those days," Colby said dryly. "You weren't married to Evelyn then."

"True enough," Gil agreed with a small grin. "But that was twenty years ago, Savagar, and even though I probably looked like an old man to you back then, I wasn't completely past my prime. In fact, I wasn't much older than you are now. You're not married, either, but I'll lay odds you don't spend all your nights alone."

Colby saw the faint red flags in Diana's cheeks, but he ignored her reaction. "Hell, Gil, if I'd had any idea my racing was affecting your love life..."

"You would have set up twice as many races down on River Road," Gil finished for him.

Evelyn smiled at Diana. "If I were you, my dear, I wouldn't pay too much attention to the stories men swap about their pasts. They always exaggerate outrageously."

"I'll keep that in mind," Diana said with another strained smile. "Won't you have a seat, Evelyn?"

If he were a sensitive, empathic, understanding, truly modern male, Colby Savagar decided, he would probably be able to summon up more sympathy for Diana. It was obvious she was nervous. Scared right down to her toes might be a more accurate description. Which was almost amusing because he knew it took a lot to frighten Diana. He frequently thought of her as his personal amazon.

But even though he wasn't overly sympathetic, he knew Diana had good reason to be floundering in a state of anxiety tonight. She was, after all, thirty-four years old, single and devoted to her career. The last thing she had ever expected or planned for at this stage of her life was a baby. But today she had faced the fact that she was pregnant.

Colby was having a hard time mustering sympathy, empathy, understanding and other such modern male attitudes because he was the father. It wasn't that he was saving all his sentiment for himself, rather, he had discovered he was not particularly unhappy about the situation. In fact, he hadn't been surprised when she had told hint about the pregnancy. Some sixth sense had told him she had conceived that night in the cave.

Colby figured it must be the irredeemably primitive, possessive, chauvinistic male traits locked in his genes that were causing him to be experiencing an almost euphoric satisfaction about the situation. Diana would strangle him if she realized what he was thinking.

It wasn't that he had set out to get her pregnant. Far from it. Colby already had a nineteen-year-old son and, as he had told Diana often enough, he'd paid his dues when it came to fatherhood.

But now that the unplanned pregnancy was a reality, Colby found himself quite prepared to handle it.

He wasn't at all sure about Diana. She still appeared dazed.

"Yeah, have a seat," Colby said easily to his guests as he waved them to two of the well-worn living room chairs.

"Evelyn, what can I get you?"

"A glass of white wine will be fine," the older woman replied with a smile as she sat down beside her husband.

"Whiskey for me," Gil said. "This place doesn't look like it's changed a bit," he added as he lowered himself onto the faded upholstery of a heavy armchair. His eyes moved assessingly over the rustic, shabby interior of the old two-story house.

"I never bothered to do anything to the house after Aunt Jesse died," Colby explained as he fixed drinks for his guests. "I turned it over to Larry Brockton's real estate firm and told him to keep it rented as much as possible. I gave him instructions not to sink any more money into it than absolutely necessary to keep things working."

"And you never came back to Fulbrook Corners to check on the place, did you?" Gil asked shrewdly. "In fact, this summer is the first time you've been back since you left town twenty years ago. Why are you here now, Colby?"

Colby decided he was getting tired of that question. "Lately a lot of people seem to be asking me that." He shot a wry glance at Diana who'd asked it more frequently than anyone else. "The answer is simple. I needed a quiet place to finish the book I'm working on. I also want to make a decision about this house. I think that when the summer is over I'

ll tell Brockton to put it on the market."

Gil nodded, looking unconvinced. He turned to Diana and smiled. "And you came to this little corner of Oregon this summer for a vacation, is that right?"

Diana flashed Colby an unreadable glance before nodding politely to Gil. "That's right. I'm on leave from my job at Carruthers and Yale in Portland. I hadn't had much time off during the four years I worked for the company, so I thought I'd take the summer off."

"What do you do at Carruthers and Yale?" Evelyn asked.

"I have a background in accounting and business administration. I work in the office of a division controller."

Colby heard the cool precision of Diana's response and knew that it was meant to cover up the underlying anger she felt toward Carruthers and Yale. She had almost resigned her position with the firm when she had realized that her superiors were not about to promote a woman into the rarified air of upper management.

Her boss, Aaron Crown, had talked her into taking a leave of absence instead.

For a woman whose main focus in life until now had been her career, the shock of running head-on into such blatant sexual discrimination had been hard to take.

But now that she was pregnant, Colby told himself, Diana had better learn there were other important things to focus on in life besides a career. Twenty years ago, when he'd found himself about to be a father at the age of nineteen, he'd had to learn that lesson the hard way. Babies had a way of reprioritizing one's world.

"Here you go, Evelyn," Colby said as he handed Mrs. Thorp the glass of wine. He gave Diana a glass of mineral water. "Diana was thinking about looking for a new job to start in the fall, but she's recently had to make a few changes in her plans. We're getting married."

Diana's head snapped around in shock. Her beautiful turquoise, gold and green eyes blazed at him.

"Congratulations," Evelyn exclaimed, apparently oblivious to Diana's stunned expression. Oblivious, or perhaps too polite to show she'd noted it. "How exciting."

"Nice going, Savagar," Gil said with an easy grin as he raised his glass of whiskey in a small salute. "I'll say this much for you, you're showing a lot more sense this time around than you did the last time."

"I've had twenty years to figure out how to do it right," Colby said blandly.

"Excuse me, I'd better go check on dinner." Diana shot to her feet with an awkward movement that sent her glass of mineral water flying. "Damn," she muttered and started blotting uselessly with a tiny cocktail napkin.

Specter, her massive brindled dog, lumbered to his feet and wandered over to take a few sample licks of the mineral water.

"Get out of the way, monster," Colby ordered the dog, who ignored him, as usual. "I'll take care of the spilled water, Diana. You go check on the food."

She nodded quickly, managed a weak, apologetic smile for Gil and Evelyn and rushed to the kitchen.

"Is she all right?" Evelyn asked worriedly.

"She's nervous about the marriage," Colby explained in a confidential tone. "Diana's never been married, and I think she'd decided she probably never would tie the knot. I guess I sort of rushed her into a decision this afternoon."

"You always did tend to take charge and do things your way," Gil observed. "What made you decide to try marriage again after nearly twenty years of single parenthood?"

Colby hesitated and then grinned slowly. "Thought it might be interesting to try double parenthood."

Evelyn blinked. "Oh, you're planning on starting another family?"

"As soon as possible," Colby said easily as he finished mopping up the small spill. He heard a clatter from the kitchen. Diana had dropped a pan on the floor. The sound told him she'd overheard his words. "Diana's thirty-four, you know. Biological clock's a factor now. We can't wait around and take our time."

"Well, from the sound of things, you did all right with your first boy," Gil said. "Heard he met Margaret Fulbrook while he was here in town."

"The old bat connived a meeting one day when Brandon went into town with Diana. I was irritated when I found out about it." That was an understatement. "But maybe it was for the best. Like it or not, the old lady is Brandon's grandmother. I guess he's got a right to meet her."

"I heard her tell you at Cynthia's funeral that she never wanted to see you or her grandson again. That you'd never get a dime from her." Gil sipped his whiskey thoughtfully. "You stood there in the rain beside the grave, as cold and proud as Lucifer himself. I remember you had that little baby in your arms, and you told Margaret Fulbrook to go to hell. You and Brandon were going to make it on your own, you said. Everyone there heard you. Talked about it for months afterward. No one had ever told a Fulbrook to go to hell."

"How terrible," Evelyn whispered, obviously shocked. "To send you away like that with a baby when you were hardly more than a boy yourself."

"It was time I grew up," Colby said, shrugging.

"You know something, Colby?" Gil said quietly. "The day of the funeral was the day I knew for sure you would make it. I'd always thought you had what it took to pull yourself together and make something of yourself, but that day I realized you'd really go out and do it."

"People change," Evelyn mused. "I wouldn't be surprised if Margaret Fulbrook has had a few second thoughts over the years."

"I'll tell you one person who hasn't changed," Colby said. "And that's Harry the Ox."

"Harry Gedge? Mrs. Fulbrook's odd-job man?" Evelyn looked at Colby inquiringly.

"Yeah."

"He's not a very pleasant person, is he? I've often wondered why Margaret Fulbrook keeps him around."

"Because he obeys her unquestioningly," Gil told his wife. "Aren't many people left here in Fulbrook Corners who take orders from a Fulbrook the way Harry does."

"Why does Harry Gedge devote himself to Mrs. Fulbrook?" Evelyn asked with genuine curiosity.

"If you ask me, it's because he figures he's going to come into some cash when Margaret dies." Gil swirled the whiskey in his glass. "No one else left to inherit the Fulbrook fortune, you know, except the Fulbrook Community Hospital Foundation. Cynthia was the last of the line. Margaret's become very dependent on Harry Gedge, and he encourages that dependency."

"What about Brandon?" Evelyn pointed out. "Colby's son is Margaret Fulbrook's grandson."

"She made it very clear long ago that Brandon would never get a penny of her money," Colby explained. "And that

's exactly the way I want it. She ignored him for nineteen years. She can damn well go on ignoring him."

"Nothing here in Fulbrook Corners is quite the same as it was twenty years ago, Colby," Gil said. "Not even Margaret Fulbrook."

"Could have fooled me," Colby drawled.

"You've been away a long time, Colby. Like Evelyn said, things change. People change."

"Maybe." He didn't believe anything in Fulbrook Corners ever changed but he didn't want to argue with one of the few friends he had from twenty years ago. "Excuse me a second. I just want to check on Diana. Be right back."

He found her at the counter, her shoulders stiff with tension as she sliced tomatoes. He knew she had overheard the conversation in the living room. Colby went up to her from behind, put his arms around her and gently removed the knife from her fingers.

"Relax, honey. You're going to give yourself a permanent manicure at the rate you're going."

"Colby, I can't go back in there."

"Don't be an idiot," he said affectionately. His arms still around her, he used the knife to finish slicing the tomato.

"Of course you can go back in there. What's more, you will go back in there."

"They'll find out the truth," she wailed softly. "Sooner or later everyone will know."

"What will they know?"

"That history is repeating itself, that you're marrying me because I accidentally got pregnant. Everyone in Fulbrook Corners will be gossiping soon. How could you tell Evelyn about wanting to start another family right away?

She's bound to guess the truth."

Colby cut off the muddled protest with a quick, hard kiss. "Hush. Now listen to me and listen good. First, you and I will be long gone from here before anyone knows you're pregnant. We're only here for the summer, remember? In another few weeks, we'll be out of here. Second, you are a mature woman, not an eighteen-year-old girl. I would greatly appreciate it if you would start acting like the adult you are. I'm not going to let you cower in the kitchen."

"I am not cowering."

He ignored that. "Third, the Thorps are good people. They won't spread gossip. Fourth, this may come as a shock to you, Diana, but if you were to announce your pregnancy to them tonight, the Thorps would assume it was a planned event based on the fact that we look as if we're old enough to know what we're doing."

She glared at him from beneath her lashes. "You mean at our ages we're not supposed to make that kind of mistake?"

"Exactly."

"But we did make that kind of mistake. We got carried away that night in Chained Lady Cave, and we took a reckless chance. Just like a couple of teenage kids."

Colby put down the knife and spun her around in his arms. He caught her face between his palms. "Stop calling it a mistake. Do you understand me, Diana? From now on I don't want to hear you ever again refer to what happened that night as an accident or a miscalculation or a mistake. You're pregnant, and we're getting married, and that's all there is to it. We're not going to waste time looking back at what might have been. Agreed?"

She closed her eyes and drew a deep breath. "You're right," she said, her husky voice a little unsteady as she made an obvious effort to take hold of herself. "There's no point looking back. What's done is done."

"And you can stop acting so damned melodramatic about the whole thing while you're at it," Colby ordered crisply. "W 're not the first couple to find themselves in this kind of situation, and we won't be the last."

"Oh, that's a tremendous comfort," she snapped back, showing a spark of her usual spirit.

Colby grinned wickedly. "I thought you'd appreciate having the situation put in perspective. Just remember you're not in this alone. I keep telling you I know what I'm doing. I'll take care of everything. Just leave it all to me."

She looked at the buttons of his shirt with a thoughtful expression. "I haven't thanked you for asking me to marry you," she said humbly.

"Probably because I didn't ask you. As I recall, I told you we were getting married. I didn't get down on my knees and beg."

She looked at him with misty eyes. "True, but it was still very, well, noble of you and I want you to know I really do appreciate your gallantry. I don't know any other man who would have insisted on seeing this through with me."

Her gratitude annoyed him. "There isn't any other man who would see this through with you because the baby you're carrying doesn't belong to any other man. It's my baby. Our baby. So we'll see it through together. Now stop making a federal case out of the whole matter and start worrying about the rice."

Her eyes opened wide and she sniffed cautiously. "Oh my God, the rice." She freed herself from his arms and raced over to the ancient stove.

"I'll let the Thorps know we're ready to eat." Colby started for the door, satisfied that Diana's attention was now focused on the practical matter of dinner. For a calm, cool and collected businesswoman, she was sure having trouble accepting the inevitable.

As far as he was concerned, the more he thought about the whole thing, the more it all did seem inevitable and right. Besides, Diana was going to look cute pregnant.

This time around it might be fun to have a little girl, Colby decided with a small grin.

Ten minutes later Colby had everyone seated at the battered oak table in the kitchen. The conversation had shifted to more innocuous subjects, and Diana seemed to have herself back in hand again. Colby felt an odd rush of pride as he watched her cope with their guests and the details of the small dinner party.

It was hard to believe that at one time he had thought she was all wrong for him. The last thing he needed, he had told himself, was an arrogant, self-contained, tough-as-nails career woman. But Diana had proven to be very sweet and soft and surprisingly vulnerable beneath her cool, controlled exterior. She had never needed a man in her life, but she was beginning to realize she needed Colby Savagar. Colby intended to make sure she understood that.

It was only fair because lately he had begun to realize just how much he needed her.

"Did you get that business with the pranks settled, Colby?" Gil asked as he helped himself to a heaping plate of the stir-fried vegetables Diana had prepared.

"What pranks?" Evelyn asked curiously.

Colby frowned. "Some creep was playing practical jokes on Diana."

"I hate practical jokers," Evelyn said with a shudder.

"So do I," Diana agreed. "This particular joker was duplicating scenes out of one of Colby's books."

"Which book?" Evelyn demanded.

Diana took a bite of rice. "Shock Value."

"Oh, yes. I read that one." Evelyn's eyes lit up.

"You and everyone else in town, apparently," Diana said with a smile.

"That was the book that made everyone in Fulbrook Corners realize Colby Savagar was going to become famous instead of winding up in prison," Gil explained sardonically. "But like I told Colby, since everyone in town had read the book, it was going to be difficult figuring out who was playing the pranks."

"We discovered the culprit," Colby said.

Gil shot him a quick look. "Who?"

"My son's girlfriend. Ex-girlfriend, that is. She was angry at Diana because Diana had helped me convince Brandon not to get married right away."

"Poor Robyn wanted marriage in the worst way, I'm afraid," Diana explained to Evelyn. "She was trying to escape her domineering, battling parents."

Evelyn nodded in understanding. "And she thought marriage was her ticket to freedom. Poor kid. And poor Brandon if he had, indeed, married her."

"So you think she was the one behind the pranks, hmm?" Gil looked at Colby again.

Colby nodded abruptly. "Yeah. Diana and Brandon caught her in the act of setting up the last prank. That was the end of it." He gave Gil a meaningful glance and then picked up the bottle of wine. "Another glass, Evelyn?"

Gil took the hint. "I hear you've been in touch with your old buddy, Eddy Spooner."

Colby nodded. "He and I shared a couple of beers and talked about old times a few days ago. I see he didn't end up in jail, either. That must have really irked most of the townsfolk. They were so sure he'd come to a bad end, too."

Gil's brows rose again. "I think Spooner came a little closer to ending up behind bars than you did. That boy had some real problems, and he didn't have the inner fortitude to work 'em out the way you did."

For some reason Colby felt obliged to defend his old friend. "Eddy had it rough. That drunken bastard he had for a father was nothing short of a child-abuser."

"I'll grant you that much. No one shed any tears when Dwight Spooner fell from the top of Chained Lady Falls."

Diana looked up in surprise. "Eddy's father died there? But it's not that treacherous around the top of the falls.

Colby and I have been up there a couple of times on picnics. As long as you don't get too near the edge, it's safe enough."

"That's true. No one else has ever fallen from up there in all the time I've lived in Fulbrook Corners. But Eddy's father was drunk at the time. As usual. He'd taken a rifle and gone out hunting. He'd also taken along a fifth of that old rotgut he liked so much. They found him and the bottle in the pool beneath the falls."

Something in Gil's voice caught Colby's attention. "What's the matter, Gil? You think it was something besides an accident?"

Gil toyed with his knife. "I'll tell you something I've never told anyone else except Evelyn, and I don't want it going beyond this room. Clear?"

"Don't worry, Gil. Diana and I aren't likely to start gossiping with the locals." Colby knew his disdain for the good people of Fulbrook Corners was reflected in his voice.

"Right. Well, I was still sheriff at the time Dwight Spooner died. I was the one who did the investigation and wrote up the report. It looked like an accident and there was no evidence to the contrary, but I always sort of wondered if Dwight hadn't had a little help going over those falls."

Colby was silent for a moment. "Eddy?" he finally asked softly.

"If it was, I couldn't rightly blame the boy. Lord knows the kid had provocation. But there was no way anyone was ever going to prove anything one way or the other. So I wrote it up as an accident and that was the end of it. Eddy never gave me or Roy Barnes, the man who took my place a couple years ago, any trouble after that so I figured the least I could do was not cause trouble for him."

Colby glanced at Diana and realized she was staring in shock at Gil.

"Can a sheriff just do that? Ignore a suspicion of murder?"

Gil grinned at her, and Colby couldn't help himself. He started to laugh.

Evelyn frowned severely at both men. "Pay no attention to them, my dear. A man's sense of humor is biologically different from a woman's, you know. The male of the species finds humor in the oddest things."

"What is so funny, Colby?" Diana demanded.

"Nothing, I swear it." But he was unable to control his smile.

"Colby, if you don't tell me what is so amusing, I'm going to let you do the dishes alone."

He held up one palm in a placating gesture. "Okay, okay, I'll try and explain. It's just that you looked so naive and innocent when you asked Gil if a sheriff could ignore something like Eddy Spooner's father going over the falls."

"Well?"

Colby looked at Gil. "You tell her. I don't want to be the one to disillusion her."

Gil groaned. "Thanks a lot, Savagar." He turned to Diana. "You have to understand, Diana, that in a lot of ways the sheriff of a rural community like this is not only the enforcer of the law and an investigating officer, he's also judge and jury a lot of the time. There was no evidence to indicate Spooner's death was anything but an accident. So I called it quits with a report stating exactly that. The county coroner agreed with me. What was the point of pursuing a suspicion when the victim was a vicious, drunken fool with a history of child abuse? Sometimes you settle for rough justice. Ill tell you something else, too. It's no different in the big city. Cops are cops."

"I see what you mean."

Gil grinned widely. "Hell, if you only knew how many times I turned a blind eye to the activities of your fiancee when he was a kid, it would curl your hair. Why, if I hadn't been such a nice, understanding guy, I could have..."

"Forget it, Gil," Colby broke in quickly. "Diana's had enough disillusionment for one evening. Let's change the subject."

"You sure have gotten straitlaced in your old age, Savagar."

"People change," Colby reminded him smoothly. "Have some more of Diana's stir-fry."

"It's delicious," Evelyn said brightly.

"It's the one company dish she's mastered," Colby explained. "After we're married, I intend to broaden her repertoire."

Two hours later, the Thorps rose reluctantly to take their leave. Evelyn hung back to have a few last words with Diana, and Colby took the opportunity to walk out onto the porch with GO. Specter padded behind them, yawning mightily.

The big dog stood with his front paws planted on the top step and sampled the night air as Colby drew Gil away from the door.

"About those pranks someone played on Diana," Colby said quietly.

"What about 'em?" Gil leaned against the porch railing and fished a cigar out of his pocket.

"There's no question that my son's ex-girlfriend was behind the last one. But she swears she had nothing to do with the first two little jokes. Brandon believes her. And I've got a few questions, myself."

"That right?"

"I can see Robyn cooking up one prank as an act of childish revenge. She's young and impulsive, and she was furious that Brandon had changed his mind about marriage. But I don't see her as the type to wage a deliberate campaign of terror against Diana. And that's what was going on before I pulled Diana out of that cottage she was renting and moved her in here with me."

"You think Robyn might have set up just one scene from your book after hearing about the other two scenes?" Gil asked shrewdly as he carefully lit the cigar.

Colby braced one hand against the railing. "I think it's a possibility."

"Who?"

"That's the hell of it, Gil. It could be almost anyone from Margaret Fulbrook or Harry to some jerk I beat out on River Road twenty years ago. It wouldn't take much to figure out that one sure way to get back at me would be to frighten Diana. If there is some lunatic running around who thinks he's got a score to settle, he'd better figure out fast that this is a game two can play. When I find him I'm going to teach him that I won't let anyone hurt Diana."

"Not everyone in town is carrying a twenty-year-old grudge, Colby. You caused a lot of trouble when you were a kid but you weren't quite as much of an SOB as you think you were. In fact, you became some kind of local legend the day you left town. People around here never forgot you. And after you started writing those horror novels, they talked about you more than ever."

Colby grinned. "Be careful what you say around Diana. I've got a reputation to protect. And if I did turn out okay, it's because of you, Gil, and you damn well know it. You had a way of pulling me up short whenever I got too close to the line. I owe you for that."

"I couldn't have done it if I hadn't had something to work with. You always had what it took to make it. Not like Eddy Spooner."

"Eddy turned out okay, too. He's holding down a job, isn't he?"

"Eddy's weak. He was weak as a kid, and he turned sour when he grew up. He failed at the army, failed at marriage and failed at everything else he ever tried."

Colby scowled. "I heard his marriage broke up} but that's no big deal in this day and age. What's this about the army?"

"He was discharged early. Didn't you know that?"

"No."

"Something about him being temperamentally unfit for the service."

"That's hardly a crime," Colby muttered. "I wasn't too fond of the army myself."

"Let's face it. For Eddy, pumping gas in Fulbrook Corners is as far as he's going to get and deep down inside he knows it. I feel kind of sorry for him."

Colby stared out into the night, thinking of the bleak resignation he had seen in Eddy's eyes the other day. "Yeah.

So do I."

There was silence for a while as Gil puffed on his cigar. Eventually he spoke. "I'll keep my ears open about that other business for you. I can have a word with Roy Barnes, if you like. He's a good man. Done a decent job as sheriff around here."

"Thanks, Gil."

"You're real fond of that little lady in there, aren't you?" Gil's eyes gleamed in the moonlight.

"Yeah."

"Why'd you come back here after all these years, Colby?"

"Why in hell does everyone keep throwing that question at me?"

"Legends inspire curiosity," Gil said dryly. "So what's the answer?"

"I'm not sure," Colby admitted. "Do you believe in fate, Gil?"

"No."

"Neither do I. But sometimes I get the weirdest feeling that maybe I came back here this summer just so I'd find Diana."

"Sounds like a good enough reason to me."

2

She was trapped inside the grotto. She could not leave until her warrior husband came for her. She was a woman of great power who had never needed a male, but now she desperately needed the man who had fathered the child on her even as he died. There was a danger in the outer cavern, a threat to both herself and the babe she carried. Only the warrior could save her from the terror that hovered in the darkness beyond the grotto. For the first time in her life, she needed the help of a man. The knowledge terrified her.

The warm mist from the pool enveloped her, clouding her senses. Soon the pain would start.

"No." Diana sat straight up in bed, her heart pounding, her eyes wide open as she stared into the darkness.

"Diana." Colby was awake beside her, reaching for her. He pulled her tense body into his arms. "What is it, honey?

What's wrong? A bad dream?"

Specter arrived at the edge of the bed and thrust his nose against Diana's bare leg. He whined inquiringly.

Diana took a deep breath, patted her dog and then patted Colby. "It's all right. I'm okay. Just another one of those dreams." She made no move to pull free of Colby's embrace. His arms felt good around her - reassuring and strong.

"Another one of what dreams? What are you talking about, Diana?"

She was startled by the sharpness of his voice. "Nothing, really. It's just that ever since you and I spent the night in Chained Lady Cave, I've had a recurring dream. I don't get it every night, but this is the second or third time. I'm getting tired of them."

"The same dream every time?"

"Not exactly. It's like I'm having different parts of the same dream, though. Fragments. But all the dreams seem to be taking place in the cave. That little grotto, to be exact. It's your fault, Colby," she added with a weak smile. "You should never have told me about the legend of Chained Lady Cave. You're too good a storyteller. My subconscious mind has obviously glommed onto the tale and is having a ball with it while I sleep."

"You're dreaming about the cave?" Colby asked, as his hand stilled in her hair.

"Is that so surprising?" She wondered at the odd tone of his voice. "Colby, what's wrong?"

"I knew you'd had a dream or two that had awakened you since that night, but I never realized..."

"Never realized what?" she demanded.

"Tell me about the dreams, Diana."

"There's not much to tell. I dream I'm in the grotto and there's a sense of menace coming from the outer cavern.

Usually I'm waiting for someone to rescue me, and I'm not at all sure he's going to get there on time. Tonight the dream was all mixed up with the fact that I'm pregnant."

"Who is it you're waiting for?"

"I don't know." She paused. "No, that's not true. I'm waiting for that idiot warrior who put the curse on the woman who killed him. In my dream I think I'm the woman." Diana shivered. "In the dream I'm the woman who could not leave until I had conceived and borne a child in that awful place. Colby, do you realize what's happened? Part of the legend has come true. I got pregnant in that cave."

"Take it easy, honey." His hand moved soothingly in her hair. "If your imagination gets more active, I'll have to let you write your own horror fiction."

"It's scary when you think about it."

"Only when you think about it at two in the morning," Colby retorted. "I've got a confession to make, though."

Her head came up so quickly that she nearly collided with his chin. "What kind of confession?"

"Don't look at me like that. I wouldn't dare cheat on an amazon. I was just going to tell you that you're not the only one who's had a few dreams about Chained Lady Cave."

"You've had them, too?" she asked in amazement. "For how long?"

"Since the night I spent there when I was a teenager," he admitted.

"You've had nightmares about that cave for the past twenty-odd years?" Diana peered down at him, trying to read his face in the weak moonlight. His gray eyes gleamed, and he stroked down her spine in a soft, sensual movement.

"They're not exactly nightmares, but they do tend to wake me up out of a sound sleep. Are yours nightmares? Do they terrify you?"

She tried to think. "Not exactly. At least, not yet. I'm not scared to death in them, but there is a sense of urgency about the dreams. As if things were going to get worse. Colby, I've never heard of two people having the same dreams."

"The dreams aren't identical. In my dream, I'm usually struggling to get up the path behind the waterfall and into the cave. I have this feeling that I have to get to the grotto."

"So maybe they're not exactly identical, but you've got to admit it's very strange that we're both having dreams about that cave."

Colby slipped his hand to the curve of her hip. "I don't know if it's all that strange. We both spent the night in that cave, and something very memorable happened in it."

"Colby, this is serious."

"No it's not. They're just dreams. But I'll tell you something. Right now I've got an overwhelming urge to go into another little grotto."

"Really?"

"Really." His palm was warm on her thigh. He squeezed gently. "In fact, I don't think I can resist."

Diana's eyes widened. "You want to go out to Chained Lady Cave tonight?"

His soft laughter was deep and sexy. "I didn't say that. I just said I'd like to explore a certain hidden grotto." His other hand slid over her stomach and cupped the soft mound between her legs. He bent his head and gently nibbled her shoulder. "You going to let me inside your sweet little grotto tonight?"

Diana blinked as she finally realized what he was talking about. "Honestly, Colby, this is no time for joking."

"Tell me about it, baby." He caught her hand and guided it down to his thighs. "I've never been more serious in my life."

Her fingers closed around the hard, broad shape of his manhood and Diana knew she was about to get sidetracked.

She groaned. "I think we should talk about the dreams, Colby."

"There's nothing much to talk about. We're both having them. They can't possibly mean anything, except that we'

ve both got overactive imaginations, which we already know. So let's forget the dreams and get on to more pressing business." His forefinger slipped into her heat.

"You, Colby Savagar, are trying to change the subject."

"And I'm succeeding. The entrance to this tight little grotto is already getting hot and wet." He eased Diana onto her back and lowered himself along the length of her. "Sweet Diana." His voice roughened as he put his knee between her legs. "You always make me feel so wanted. There's never been anyone else like you. There never could be anyone else like you. All I have to do is touch you and I go crazy."

Diana sighed as the passion stole over her. She wrapped her arms around him and pulled him close. There would be time enough later to talk about the dreams. Right now Colby was making love to her and when he made love to her, nothing else mattered.

A long time later Colby stirred beside Diana. "You still awake, honey?"

"Yes. Do you want to talk about the dreams now?" She wasn't nearly so concerned with them as she had been earlier. Colby's lovemaking had soothed the jangling sense of uneasiness the dream had created.

"No, I want to talk about marriage."

"Oh." She didn't know what else to say. "I guess there's no real rush, is there?"

"There damn sure is a rush. You're pregnant. About three weeks along. We're going to get married as soon as possible."

"We are?" She felt as if she were being swept over Chained Lady Falls. Having accepted the inevitability of the marriage, she still hadn't quite accepted the reality of it. Just as she hadn't fully accepted the reality of her pregnancy, she realized. She was half-afraid that when the marriage became a fact, the pregnancy would also become real. "Maybe we should wait until I get tested to find out for certain if I'm pregnant."

"We both know you're pregnant. But we can get the test done here in town tomorrow just to tie up loose ends. We can also apply for the license tomorrow and have the official ceremony on Friday."

Diana felt stunned and breathless. "The end of the week?"

"You want to invite your mother?"

"Oh, my God. My mother. Of course I want to invite her."

"I'll invite Brandon. Anyone else we need to worry about?"

"Well, no, I guess not, but Colby, this is so sudden."

"Relax. I'll take care of everything."

"You keep saying that," she wailed.

"Try believing it." He turned on his side and met her eyes in the shadows. "You know what your problem is?"

"I'm afraid to ask."

"You're still playing the denial game. You figure if you just ignore the pregnancy, it might go away and your nice, neat, conveniently structured life will return to normal. I'm disappointed in you, Diana. You're a businesswoman. You should be able to face facts. You know damn well nothing will ever be the same for you again."

"They won't be the same for you, either," she shot back, goaded.

"I'll handle it."

"Terrific. I can't tell you how relieved I am to hear that."

"Diana?"

"Yes?"

"It's going to work out. Wait and see."

"Famous last words." She turned toward him with a little moan and burrowed into his arms. "I'm scared," she confided.

"I know."

Her mouth brushed his shoulder in a soft, humble caress. "Tm very glad you're with me," she added in a barely audible voice.

Colby chuckled in the darkness. "At least you can admit it. There was a time, my sweet little amazon, when you didn't think you needed a man, remember?"

"Don't rub it in." She found his ribs with her finger.

"Hey, no fair tickling me when I'm luxuriating in postcoital afterglow." He caught her fingers.

"Is that what it's called?"

"Something like that. I don't have my thesaurus handy, or else I'd double-check my terminology."

"Shame on you. A writer should never be without his thesaurus."

"Obviously you're a bad influence on me." He kissed her throat.

Diana laughed for the first time in days. "I can't resist. You're so good when you're bad."

Colby joined in her laughter and tumbled her down across his aroused body.

Eddy Spooner paused in the act of drawing the rubber squeegee across the Jeep's windshield. He used a grease-stained hand to push his limp blond hair behind his ear as he peered down at Colby. The old army combat fatigues he wore smelled of gasoline and oil. His glacial blue eyes were narrowed in amazed consternation.

"Is it true what I heard this morning? You really gonna marry that Diana Prentice?"

"I see gossip still travels around this town as fast as it did twenty years ago. Yeah, it's true. Damn it, Specter, quit drooling on me." Colby pushed Specter's heavy muzzle off his shoulder. The dog had been leaning over the front seat, his tongue lolling between his teeth as he watched Spooner clean the windshield.

Specter didn't take offense. He lumbered to the other side of the Jeep and stared across the street at the post office. Diana had disappeared inside to collect the mail a few minutes earlier.

"Jesus, Colby, don't take this personal or nothin', but why in hell you want to marry the woman? You're already livin' with her bold as brass."

"Women like Diana need marriage to settle 'em down," Colby said, feeling a rush of masculine wisdom as he said the words.

"That right?" Eddy's eyes widened with interest. "She ' kindawild?"

Only in bed, Colby thought with private satisfaction. "No, she's just used to being independent. You know these modern women. They don't think they need a man to look after them."

"Wish I could find me one of those modern women. Some gal who didn't want marriage but who'd be will-in' to keep my place clean, fix my dinner every night and hit the sack with me whenever I felt like havin' a little fun. I'd like to get me some babe who wouldn't give me any lip when I wanted to take off by myself for a while."

"I don't think you're going to find too many women who are that modern," Colby said.

"Not in Fulbrook Corners, I won't," Spooner agreed morosely. "Your son comin' up for the wedding?"

"Brandon will be here on Friday. So will Diana's mother. She's flying in from California."

"You ready to take on another mother-in-law, Colby? The last one you had should have been enough to put you off marriage for life."

"I know. It's taken me twenty years to recover. Speaking of Margaret Fulbrook, here she comes now." Colby removed cash from his wallet, his eye on the aging blue Cadillac pulling into the parking lot across the street. "Let's settle up, Eddy, so I can get over there. I don't want the old bitch cornering Diana alone in the post office."

As she turned away from the service window, Diana glanced thoughtfully at the envelope she had just been handed. Another letter from Aaron Crown. He would no doubt be outlining more reasons why she should return to work for him as soon as possible. Her former boss certainly was being persistent.

Diana unconsciously touched her stomach. It was reassuring to know she had at least one secure job possibility available to her. She didn't want to go back to work for Carruthers and Yale, but she felt awkward about starting a new position with another company knowing she would have to go on maternity leave within a few months.

She shook her head ruefully. Colby was right. Being pregnant changed everything. Nothing would ever again be the same in her life. She couldn't even make career decisions the same way she had in the past. There were new factors to take into consideration.

"I hear Colby Savagar is getting ready for another shotgun wedding." Margaret Fulbrook's loud voice filled the post office, mesmerizing everyone inside.

Diana looked up and saw the matriarch of Fulbrook Corners standing in the doorway. Her gray hair was in its customary regal chignon. Her fine brown eyes were as piercing as ever, and her face was set in its usual rigid lines of disapproval and bitterness.

"Good morning, Mrs. Fulbrook. How are you today?" Diana smiled with cool politeness.

"As well as can be expected. What about you. Miss Prentice? Is it true you're marrying Savagar?"

"Word travels fast around here, doesn't it?"

"Saw Evelyn Thorp at the grocery store," Margaret Fulbrook explained impatiently. "She told me all about it. I couldn't believe it at first. You look like a reasonably bright young woman. Why on earth would you want to marry Savagar? Has he gotten you pregnant the way he did my daughter?"

For some reason the blunt question got to Diana. She had thought she was ready for anything Margaret Fulbrook could dish out, but in spite of herself, she turned pink.

"I don't think that's any of your business, Mrs. Fulbrook. If you'll excuse me, I have a few other errands to run."

Colby appeared on the other side of the glass doors. He strode into the small lobby just as the old woman's sharp eyes widened and then narrowed in open speculation. She studied Diana's blushing face, "So that's it, is it?" Margaret Fulbrook said with grim satisfaction. "Forty years old and the man still hasn't learned how to keep his jeans zipped up.

You have my sympathy, Miss Prentice. But not much of it. I warned you to stay away from that man."

Diana came close to losing her temper. She had always felt sorry for the bitter woman who had denied herself her own grandson for nearly twenty years, but this was going too far. Colby was already moving forward, a dangerous expression on his face. In another moment there would be fireworks.

Diana smiled serenely at Margaret Fulbrook. "The wonderful thing about being my age is that one gets to make one's own decisions. One needn't listen to the warnings of others."

"Diana?" Colby came to a halt, no longer certain he had an adversary. "What the hell is going on here?"

"There you are, Colby." She went to him and stood on tiptoe to kiss him lightly. "I've got the mail. Shall we leave?"

Colby scowled at Margaret Fulbrook. "Yeah, let's get out of here."

"Just a moment, you two," Mrs. Fulbrook snapped. "I hear you're getting married here. Is my grandson going to be coming up from Portland for the wedding?"

"Not that it's any business of yours, but, yes, Brandon will be here on Friday," Colby growled as he shouldered open the glass doors. He let them swing shut on the older woman's next remark. "What was that all about?" he demanded.

"Margaret Fulbrook was speculating on the reason behind our hasty marriage plans."

"Yeah, that figures. The old witch." Colby came to a halt beside the Jeep and captured her face between rough palms. "Are you okay, honey?"

"I still feel a little dazed whenever I think about being pregnant," she answered truthfully.

"You're going to make a good mother once you settle down and get your priorities straight. You're still panicked, but once you're past that part, you'll be fine."

"How do you know?"

"Because I've been there, remember?"

Diana clasped his wrists and looked up at him with anxious eyes. "Oh, Colby, I know you have and it's not fair for you to have to go through this again."

"If you bring up the subject of fairness again, I'm going to get really angry. There's no going back for either of us, so we don't talk about it. I thought I made that clear?"

She nodded, her smile tremulous. "You did. And you're right. I won't bring up the subject again."

"Good. Let's go pick up those groceries." Colby glanced into the Jeep. "Stay put, you idiot dog. We'll be right back."

Specter gave him a bored look.

"You and my dog have made some headway toward detente," Diana observed. "At least the two of you don't growl openly at each other any longer."

"I wouldn't trust that mutt as far as I could throw him, and what with the way you overfeed him, that's not far. If he

's behaving himself around me these days, it's only because he knows he's living under my roof and he'll get kicked out if he tries anything really nasty. This isn't detente, it's a power struggle. Specter's gone underground for the time being,"

"I think you credit him with a little too much deviousness. He's only a dog, Colby."

"Hah. He's jealous of me. Before I came along, he was the only male in your life." Colby glanced down at the letter in her hand. "Except for that damn boss of yours. What's he writing to you about this time?"

Diana opened the envelope as they walked toward the grocery store. Quickly she scanned the contents of the letter. "He says my position is still waiting, work is piling up, and they could really use me. He thinks he could wangle a raise for me if I return from my leave soon."

"Forget it."

"I'm not so sure, Colby. I was thinking that going back to work for Carruthers and Yale might be the perfect solution until the baby arrives. I'd feel strange about starting a brand-new job with another company and then having to take maternity leave within the first year. But I've worked for Carruthers and Yale for several years now, and as far as I'm concerned they owe me."

"They do owe you after the way they refused to promote you because of the fact that you're a woman."

"Don't you see? I could use my old position as the perfect fill-in job until the baby arrives, and then I could quit. It would serve those old fogies right, and it would give me a well-paying job for the next few months. After the baby gets here, I can start hunting for a permanent position with another firm."

"You don't have to work at all until the baby arrives," Colby said irritably. "There's not much point. I can support you, and you can spend the time getting ready to become a mother. You've got a lot to learn on that subject."

Diana slid him an uneasy glance. She did not want to start a quarrel but she also wanted Colby to understand.

"You know how I feel about working."

"I know you've got this thing about not becoming financially dependent on a man, but that's hogwash in this situation. You know damned well I'm not going to run off and leave you stranded."

"I know that, but..."

"But you still don't quite believe it, do you? Forget finding another job for the next few months. Trust me, Diana. Ill take care of you. After you've settled down and gotten comfortable with motherhood, you'll have plenty of time to find another job."

He didn't understand, and she didn't want to argue about it just then. Diana said nothing as they walked into the small grocery store.

"Hey there, Savagar, I hear congratulations are in order."

"Morning, Brian." Colby smiled wryly at the man behind the checkout counter. "You heard right."

"Well, that's great. Just great. Good luck to both of you." The dark-haired, slightly plump man behind the counter was close to Colby's age, perhaps a few years younger. He wore glasses and his hair was thinning. He had an open, cheerful expression. His name was Brian McDonald, and although he seemed cautious around Colby, as if uncertain of his welcome, he was one of the handful of people in town who treated Colby like an old friend.

"This time you're going to stick around and have the wedding in town instead of running off to Reno, huh?"

Brian grinned. Then he began to look nervous at the small joke he had just attempted.

Colby shot him a quelling glance, reinforcing Brian's anxious expression. "I didn't have much choice last time."

"That's true. There wasn't a justice of the peace or a minister in the whole county who would have married you and Cynthia over the Fulbrooks' objections. But that was a long time ago and times change, don't they?

Congratulations, Miss Prentice."

"Thank you, Brian."

"You two going to have a party or something to celebrate?" Brian asked.

"No." Colby spoke over his shoulder as he headed down the narrow aisle, hunting for tuna.

"Too bad," Brian said wistfully. "Might be kind of fun. We haven't had anything to celebrate around Fulbrook Corners since the Renley girl got married. That was three years ago. Not many weddings in this town these days. All the young people head for Portland as soon as they get out of high school."

"I can't imagine anyone in Fulbrook Corners wanting to celebrate my wedding," Colby said as he came back with the tuna and a few other items.

"You might be surprised," Brian said. "You're a legend around here, Colby. And not just because you used to cause so much trouble. Folks in town are real proud of all that horror stuff you've been writing. Do you realize you're the only person from Fulbrook Corners who ever got himself famous? Caused quite a stir when Larry Brockton down at the real estate office spread the word you were planning to come back for the summer."

Colby shook his head. "The only stir it caused was one of amazement that I wasn't in prison. Do we need anything else, Diana?" He waved a hand at the items he'd put on the checkout counter.

"Dog food. Specter won't be pleased if we return without his rations."

"Damn. I almost forgot," Colby said, looking innocent.

"Well, it's about time," Angela Prentice announced in ringing tones as her daughter introduced her to her future son-in-law on the steps of the courthouse. "I was beginning to think this child of mine was never going to find herself a man. I hope you two don't waste any time getting started on my grandkid. Lord knows, I've waited long enough."

Diana was getting tired of blushing lately. She glared at her attractive, petite mother, aware that Colby was grinning broadly. "Honestly, Mom. The least you can do is refrain from embarrassing me at my own wedding."

Angela's hazel eyes gleamed with amusement. "Don't pay any attention to her, Colby. She can be a real stick-in-the-mud. Spent too many years being a hot-shot lady executive, if you ask me. Look at the result. Thirty-four years old, and never been married. It's a wonder you weren't put off by all those chilly corporate manners of hers.

Most men are scared to death of her."

"I had my moments of doubt," Colby said gravely as he shook hands with Angela. "But I persevered. There's more to Diana than meets the eye at first. And we writers are good at looking below the surface, you know."

"Any money in this writing business?"

"Mother!"

Colby's grin widened. "Don't yell at your mother, Diana. She's got a right to know if I can support you in the style in which you've been supporting yourself for the past few years." He turned back to Angela's bright, inquisitive face.

"Yes, Angela, there is some money in the writing business. Nowadays, at any rate. There didn't used to be, and one never knows about the future, but I've always been able to take care of my son one way or another. I'm sure I'll be able to take care of Diana and the baby."

"Colby!" Diana was turning from pink to red. She could have strangled him. One look at her mother's face told her the damage was done.

"What baby?" Angela swung around gleefully to confront her daughter. "Don't tell me you're pregnant already?

Good grief, Diana. When you decided to go, you went all the way, didn't you? Congratulations, honey, I didn't think you had it in you to finally cut loose and live a little."

"Mother, let me explain..."

"No explanations needed. You're thirty-four years old, not eighteen. I'm thrilled. Positively thrilled." Angela threw her arms around her daughter, and then she hugged Colby. "This is the happiest moment of my life. I'm going to sign up for a knitting class as soon as I get home. I can't wait to get started on some cute little booties."

Colby's eyes gleamed with laughter as he regarded Diana over the top of her mother's curly blond head. "Who would have guessed," he asked gently, "that mother-in-laws came in so many varieties?"

Diana didn't know whether to laugh or cry. She was saved from having to do either when she spotted Brandon trotting down the steps.

"Hey, Dad, they're ready inside," Brandon called. "You two better get in here."

"We're on our way." Colby put his arm around Diana and pulled her close against his side.

She leaned into his strength, aware that her knees suddenly felt weak. "Colby, are you absolutely sure you want to do this?"

"Are you kidding? Your mother would kill me if I backed out now."

Half an hour later Colby kissed Diana and bundled her into the front seat of the Jeep. He touched the ring on her left hand. "You look terrific, Mrs. Savagar. Sexy , as hell. Can't wait to get you into bed."

"You're going to have to demonstrate a little patience, Mr. Savagar. Brandon told me earlier there would be a few people waiting at the house."

"A few... what!" Colby was dumbfounded. He swung around to search out Brandon who was starting toward a small, red two-seater Mazda. He had Angela Prentice in tow. "Brandon."

"Yeah, Dad?" Brandon glanced back over his shoulder.

"Who's waiting at the house?"

"I don't know for sure. I was just told that a few people wanted to congratulate you and Diana. That's all I know, honest." He ushered Angela into the front seat of the racy little car. "Probably the Thorps and maybe that man who owns the grocery store. No big deal."

"No big deal," Colby grumbled as he got into the Jeep beside Diana. "I had other plans for this afternoon. The last thing I want to do is share a few drinks with the Thorps and McDonald."

As it turned out, Colby didn't have to share a few drinks with the Thorps and Brian McDonald.

He had to share wedding punch and cake with the entire population of Fulbrook Corners. Everyone in town, including Margaret Fulbrook, showed up for the reception honoring Colby Savagar's second hasty marriage.

3

"What the hell is going on here?" Colby raked his fingers through his hair and stared at the crowd of approximately two hundred people milling around the front yard of Aunt Jesse's old house.

"I'll take a wild guess and say that you have more friends in town than you thought you did," Diana murmured as she slid out of the front seat. "Don't sit there grumbling to yourself. Come and enjoy your party."

A cheer went up as people realized the wedding couple had arrived. A group of men swarmed around Colby when he climbed slowly out of the Jeep. Most of the women hastened forward to offer congratulations to Diana as she stood smiling beside the vehicle.

Specter was barking furiously from the back porch where he had been confined during the wedding.

"That dog of yours has been going wild," Evelyn Thorp said with a laugh as she came forward to greet Diana. "If he hadn't been locked up we'd never have been able to pull this off. Now that you're here, maybe he'll calm down."

"Specter's not accustomed to so many people being around. He tends to be protective and possessive," Diana explained as she started toward the rear of the house to soothe her irate dog.

"Not unlike someone else t know," Evelyn remarked. She glanced over her shoulder to where Colby was the center of a throng of males. "I hope Colby doesn't take offense at all this. It was a spur-of-the-moment decision on my part.

But once I put the word out that I was going to have a small reception for you two, everyone in town wanted to come."

"It was very thoughtful of you." Diana opened the screen door and steadied herself as Specter leaped forward. He checked her out quickly to make certain she was all right, and then he perked up his huge, floppy ears and surveyed the crowd.

"Colby's kept to himself so much in the few weeks since he arrived in town that most people are afraid to approach him. I think everyone is rather intimidated by him, if you want to know the truth. But they're all equally fascinated.

From what Gil told me, your husband was a real hellion when he was a kid, and when he left town with Cynthia Fulbrook he was instantly elevated to the status of a local legend. Then he went on to become a successful author.

Now he's back twenty years later - Fulbrook Corners' one and only celebrity. I don't think he quite realizes how excited people are to have him here."

"Maybe this will break down a few of the barriers between him and the town," Diana said. "Let's just hope Margaret Fulbrook doesn't make a scene."

"She's unpredictable, but I think she'll behave herself. She's enthralled with her grandson, you know. She's told everyone how he's got the Fulbrook eyes. She won't want to embarrass herself in front of Brandon or do anything to jeopardize her fragile relationship with him."

Diana nodded, watching as Brandon led Angela over to introduce her to his grandmother. "Brandon's a wonderful young man. Mrs. Fulbrook should be proud of him."

"Colby did all right with his son," Evelyn agreed. "Margaret can't bring herself to admit it yet, but she's secretly very impressed with Brandon. And she knows in her heart that Colby's responsible for the boy turning out so well.

One of these days maybe she'll be able to say as much to Colby."

Diana laughed. "I doubt she can go that far. But I agree with you. She is excited about establishing contact with Brandon after all these years."

"I doubt they would have managed to get together if it hadn't been for you. I heard about the day you introduced the two of them."

"Colby was furious when he found out," Diana admitted.

"The fact that he got over his anger is a tribute to you, my dear. Obviously you have the power to make the man see reason. Gil says that is an uncommon talent. One of Colby's biggest problems as a kid was his arrogant pride, according to my husband. It was all he had. Come along and introduce me to your mother. I'm anxious to meet her.

How did she take the news of your sudden marriage?"

Diana grinned. "She's thrilled with Colby, and she let him know it. More or less told him she'll be everlastingly grateful to him for marrying me. She'd figured I was going to spend the rest of my life on the shelf."

Evelyn chuckled. "She sounds delightful. Nice change in mothers-in-law for Colby."

In the end, there were no embarrassing scenes. Margaret Fulbrook nodded stiffly to Colby when they encountered each other in the crowd. Colby nodded back, and that was the end of it. Neither spoke to the other. Diana decided that was probably just as well.

Harry Gedge, Margaret Fulbrook's beefy odd-job man, hung around at the fringes of the crowd. He stayed out of Colby's way, which was also just as well, Diana thought. The grudge between Harry and Colby wasn't going to disappear just because of a wedding party.

Somewhere in the middle of the affair, Eddy Spooner drifted over to where Diana was standing alone. In honor of the event he had evidently polished his old army boots and washed the camouflage shirt and pants he favored. He shoved a handful of long, thin blond hair out of his eyes and gave Diana a quizzical twist of a smile.

"It's just like I was telling Harry a while back. Colby Savagar always did have all the luck. I been workin' at that gas station for years. Put gas in damn near every car in town. Clean the windows, check the oil and fix problems every damn day of the week. But no one here even knows I exist. Colby, though, he leaves town with everyone around callin

' him every name they can think of, and he comes back twenty years later like some kind of hero."

"I don't think they consider him a hero," Diana said gently. "They're just curious about him because of his past and the fact that he wrote some popular books."

Eddy shook his head. "It ain't that. People always talked about Colby. They were always curious about him.

Whenever he got into trouble, everyone in town gossiped about it. I was with him a lot of the times he got picked up by Sheriff Thorp, but no one said much about me. They just talked about Colby."

"I gather that when they did talk about him, they didn't have much good to say," Diana reminded Eddy.

Eddy nodded. "They all claimed he'd come to a bad end, all right. But as usual, Colby made out like a bandit. Some guys get all the breaks."

Half an hour later Diana caught sight of Colby making his way toward her through the crowd. His eyes narrowed briefly as he saw the kindly-faced older woman to whom his wife was talking. Then he smiled faintly.

"Hello, Mrs. Grimley," he drawled as he drew close. "Giving my wife a quick rundown on what an outstanding student I was in high school English classes?"

Ada Grimley smiled with the air of superiority only a veteran high school teacher can muster. "As a matter of fact, I was just telling Diana that I always knew you had the ability. It was just a matter of your settling down and getting to work, which you obviously eventually did. Congratulations, Colby. I've read all your books, and I like to think I can take some personal credit for having pounded the basics of English into you. Lord knows it was tough going at times."

Colby grinned, surprising not only Diana, but Mrs. Grimley. "Yes, ma'am. I know it was. But I couldn't have written any of those books if it hadn't been for you. I never thought I'd say it, but here goes: thanks for all the hours you spent beating English Lit. and grammar into my head."

Ada Grimley beamed. "You're quite welcome, Colby. I shall look forward to your next book."

"There you are. Dad. I've been looking for you." Brandon wove his way through the crowd. He was carrying a small package, and he had Specter at his heels. The dog was licking wedding cake frosting off his muzzle as he trotted along in Brandon's wake.

"What's that?" Colby asked, eyeing the package in his son's hand.

"A present." Brandon waited until Ada Grimley moved away to speak to a neighbor. Then he glanced at Diana and flashed her a brief, almost apologetic smile. He turned to his father with a very serious expression.

"Dad, before I give you your wedding gift, it occurs to me we need to have a little father-son chat."

"Is that right?" Colby's brows rose ironically.

"I'm afraid so." Brandon cleared his throat portentously. "It has come to my attention that, in spite of all those talks we had about the male reproductive system, in spite of all those lectures on the merits of a man learning how to say no, in spite of all those warnings about how hard it is for a man to stop once he gets started and how it's better to finish the job by hand, so to speak, on certain occasions..."

"Brandon, you are my one and only son and heir, but if you want to live to see the ripe old age of twenty, you'd better cut this short,"

"Don't rush me, Dad. This is for your own good. As I was saying, in spite of all those conversations we had on birth control and how to keep the zipper of one's jeans in an upright and locked position, it seems something, uh, fell through the crack, as it were."

"Brandon..."

"I'm sure you can just imagine my surprise when Diana informed me I was about to get a baby brother or sister."

"Son, I'm warning you, you can be replaced." Colby was going a slow, dull red.

Brandon ignored him, his fine brown eyes alight with mischief. "Now, while I am absolutely thrilled at the prospect of being a big brother," he continued, "I nevertheless feel it's my duty as your son to fill in certain gaps in your education which have recently become glaringly apparent." He presented the brightly wrapped package to his father with a flourish. "Here you go. A wedding present from your son purchased with your educational advancement in mind."

Diana managed a smile as she watched Colby unwrap the package. She knew Brandon was only teasing, and the last thing she wanted to do was spoil the humor of the situation. But it was hard for her to see anything amusing about her pregnancy yet. She was learning to accept it, and she thought that with Colby by her side she just might be able to handle it, but she hadn't gotten to the point where she could joke about it.

Colby ripped off the wrapping paper and gazed down at the book he found himself holding. "Geez, Brandon, this was real thoughtful of you. Remind me to flatten you later when there are no witnesses around." He grinned and playfully cuffed his son.

Brandon laughed and dodged. "I knew you'd appreciate it. Dad. You've always been real big on learning things from books."

"Let me see." Diana moved closer to peer over Colby's shoulder. She read the title aloud. "The Responsible Man's Complete Guide to Modern Sex."

"Don't worry," Brandon said cheerfully. "It's got lots of pictures."

"It's a good thing I've got another kid on the way," Colby said to Diana, "because Brandon's chances of surviving until next week are real shaky."

"Alone at last. I thought all those people would never leave," Colby declared several hours later as he began unbuttoning his shirt.

"What's that?" Diana called from the other side of the closed bathroom door. "I didn't hear what you said."

"I said I thought that damn wedding reception would never end."

"It was very sweet of Evelyn Thorp to organize it for us. Were you surprised that so many people showed up?"

"'Stunned' would be a better description. It must have been the promise of free booze and cake that brought them out of the woodwork."

"They came to see you, Colby. They wanted to congratulate you. You're the town's local celebrity, in case you don't know it. How does it feel to breeze back into Fulbrook Corners twenty years later and find out you're a legend?"

"Damn weird, if you want to know the truth. And don't be taken in by all the big smiles and hearty handshakes today. Some of those people who were offering lots of good wishes this afternoon were the same ones who wouldn't let me date their daughters and who couldn't wait to see if I'd wind up in jail twenty years ago."

"Well, you didn't wind up in jail. You showed 'em all, Colby. And now they're proud of you."

"I wouldn't bet on it. They all showed up today out of sheer curiosity," he muttered. But he didn't sound particularly annoyed.

"Don't be such a grouch. This is our wedding night. I hope you're planning something romantic out there."

"I'm planning to jump on top of you just as soon as you get your little tush out of the bathroom."

"Be still, my beating heart." Inside the bathroom Diana shimmied into the peach-colored negligee her mother had given her and surveyed herself in the old, cracked mirror. It was definitely the sexiest nightgown she'd ever worn.

"Diana?"

"Yes, Colby?"

"I liked your mother."

"She liked you. It was nice of Brandon to pick her up in Portland and drive her back to the airport this evening."

"She's different from what I expected."

"What did you expect?"

"Oh, I don't know. From what you'd told me about your past, your father deserting her after he got her pregnant and all, I guess I expected her to be more bitter toward men in general and her daughter's husband in particular."

"Mom's not like that."

"So I found out. She's really happy about the baby. She told me she'd been afraid her own experiences raising you alone had warped your attitude toward men forever. You were so determined not to trust men that she was afraid you'

d never let yourself fall in..." Colby broke off abruptly. "Afraid you'd never take the risk of marrying anyone, let alone the risk of having a kid. She actually thanked me for barging into your life and rearranging things for you."

"That sounds like Mom," Diana said with a barely stifled groan. She was as ready as she would ever be. "Colby?"

"Yeah, honey?"

"I'm coming out. Don't jump on top of me right away, okay? I want you to see this nightgown. It's beautiful,"

"I don't care how pretty it is. It'll look better off."

Diana cautiously opened the door. Colby was on the far side of the small bedroom. His back was turned toward her, and he was doing something at the dresser. He had the light turned down low, and she could see that he was naked except for his sexy briefs. His broad shoulders gleamed in the faint light. She saw the traces of silver in his dark hair and her heart quickened. She was lost every time she looked at him.

Diana wondered if he realized even vaguely how much she loved him. She hadn't found the courage to tell him. She was just beginning to acknowledge it fully to herself.

"Colby?"

He swung around at the sound of her voice, and she saw that he was holding a small vase full of wildflowers in his fist. His gray gaze moved over her slowly.

"I can't believe it," he finally said.

Diana looked at him uncomprehendingly. "Can't believe what?"

"That you really do belong to me at last." He became aware of the flowers he was clutching. "Here, these are for you. I picked them this morning and put them in water to keep while we drove over to the courthouse. Not much of a wedding gift, but Fulbrook Corners' general store didn't have much to offer. Ill get you something nice when we get to Portland."

"Oh, Colby, they're beautiful. The most beautiful flowers in the whole world. Thank you." Diana was afraid she was very close to tears. She had never been more touched by a gift in her life.

Colby was no grand romantic, as she had informed him often enough. But the vase of delicate blooms held so carefully in his strong hand had to constitute the most romantic present she'd ever received.

"You like 'em, huh?" He looked down at the flowers with a small, lopsided grin.

"I love them." Almost as much as I love you, she added silently. She went forward to take the flowers. Her hand came around from behind her back, and she handed him his wedding gift.

"What's that? A stone? from the river?" He took the small, polished rock from her palm, examining it as if it were a gemstone.

"As you said, the shopping available around here is a little limited." Diana was suddenly nervous. Maybe this hadn't been such a great idea after all. "But I got this idea of going out to Chained Lady Falls yesterday, and I found that stone at the base of the falls. It looked so beautiful shining there in the water, almost as if it had been professionally polished. I guess all that water pounding over it all those years did the polishing job."

Colby looked up from the stone in his palm, his eyes burning with an intensity that took her breath away. "You went out to Chained Lady Falls to get this?"

She nodded quickly, uncertain of his reaction. "I know you said we weren't to talk about what happened between us that night in the cave, about how we were reckless, and I got pregnant, and why we had to get married and all, but..." Her voice trailed off.

"But?"

She couldn't look away from the gray fire in his eyes. Diana swallowed and sought an explanation. She'd never felt this tongue-tied in her whole life. "But I wanted to tell you somehow that I don't think that what happened that night was so terrible after all. In fact, the more I get used to the idea, the more I think it's going to be all right. This baby I'm carrying feels as if it was meant to be. Do you know what I mean?"

"Diana..." he began gently.

She interrupted him, the rest of the words tumbling out in a rush, "If it had happened to me with any other man, it would have been a disaster. But it happened with you and you're different, and I want you to know I appreciate that and I... I won't be looking back on that night as an awful mistake for which I'm now having to pay a high price."

"I picked those flowers up by the falls," Colby said quietly. "I went there for the same reason you did. I wanted to give you something from Chained Lady Falls so you'd know that I won't be looking back on that night and thinking it was a mistake, either."

Diana smiled at him, her relief and happiness making her eyes glow. She took the stone from his palm and gently set it down beside the vase full of wildflowers. Then she went into his waiting arms.

"My sweet, sexy Diana," Colby breathed as he held her close for a long moment. "We've got a hell of a lot going for us. We'll make this marriage work."

"I'll do my best, Colby," she vowed earnestly. She leaned against him, inhaling the scent of his body and absorbing his strength.

He chuckled softly. "You sound as if you were accepting a new job."

"Well, it is sort of like starting a second career, isn't it?"

"I guess you could look at it that way." He lifted her chin to gaze down into her eyes. "So long as you understand that this is the most important job in your life, and that you can't resign if the benefits don't suit you."

She wasn't sure she cared for the wary, searching intensity of his gaze. Diana smiled. "I think some of the benefits are going to be very satisfactory," she murmured. Her palms glided over his shoulders, savoring the strength of him.

Colby studied her for a long moment, and then he smiled back with lazy sensuality. The expression in his eyes took on a new and different gleam, one Diana was familiar with. It was the kind of look that made her think she was going to melt. Colby's hands snagged in her hair and he bent his head to kiss her parted lips.

"You want to talk benefit packages. Madam Executive? I'll show you benefit packages." His mouth closed over hers.

Diana moaned as the heat of his kiss scorched through her. She tightened her arms around his neck and shivered as she felt his palm sweep down her spine.

Her mind whirled, and then the room spun, too, as Colby lifted her and carried her over to the bed. When she felt the pillow beneath her head, she opened her eyes to watch as Colby stripped off his briefs.

His strong, lean body was heavy with arousal. She looked up at him, and a fantasy flickered in and out of her head.

It was a fantasy she'd had once or twice before when Colby made love to her.

He reached over to turn out the bedside light and Diana's fantasy grew stronger. She watched him move about in the darkness, preparing to come to her, and it seemed that he was someone she had known before in another time or in her dreams.

He had been fierce and primitive in that other dimension - a dangerous, arrogant, warrior male who had accepted no restraint, no feminine bonds. He had refused to grant her the respect and honor that were her rights. He had used her and abused her, and she had fought back with the only weapons she had at her disposal, for she had been as fierce and proud as he.

She had refused to give him the child he had demanded, and in the end she had used his own knife to kill him.

But she had known to her sorrow and anguish, even as the blood welled between her fingers, that it could have been different. In some other lifetime it would be different.

"Diana?" Colby came down beside her, reaching for her. "What's wrong?"

"Nothing." She shook her head quickly. "It's just that sometimes fragments of those dreams flash through my head. It can be disconcerting."

"I know what you mean." He loomed over her, his legs anchoring hers. His eyes glittered in the shadows.

"Sometimes when we're like this, very close, about to make love, I get images in my head, too. Like scenes out of those damned dreams."

"You never told me."

"I didn't know how to explain it. But now that I know you've had similar dreams, maybe you can understand." He hesitated and then asked urgently, "What's it like for you?"

"I see you as you are now," she began slowly, hunting for the right words, "but also as someone you once were.

The warrior who chained the lady in the cave. It's as if the dream image of you, the warrior image, is superimposed onto the real you. Does that make sense?"

"Unfortunately, yes. Sometimes I see you that way, too."

"As a warrior?"

Colby gave her a gentle shake. "No, not as a warrior." He drew a breath. "As the lady who got chained in the cave

- a proud, powerful huntress who refused to bend to any man's will."

A frisson of fear, laced with excitement, went through Diana. "What's she like, this other woman you sometimes see in me?"

"She's not another woman," Colby said slowly. "She is you. But a slightly different version of you. A more primitive you, I guess. She's some kind of amazon. Fierce, arrogant, untamable. And I handled you all wrong last time.

I didn't understand..."

"What?" Diana looked up at him as he broke off. She was bewildered and desperately curious. "What do you mean, you handled me all wrong?"

Colby shook his head, as if to clear it. He scowled in the shadows. "Honey, those images are just fragments of our dreams."

"I know, but it's so strange that we're both dreaming about the legend of Chained Lady Cave." Diana was very serious now.

Colby grinned slowly in the darkness, showing his teeth. "Does it get you excited?"

"I didn't say that!"

He bent his head and kissed the base of her throat. "I think it does."

"Colby, stop it. I want to talk about this dream business. There's something going on here, and we ought to discuss it."

"It will be more fun to act it out. What's the point of having a vivid imagination if you don't get some use out of it in your fantasy life?" His eyes were glittering with sensual intent as he slowly and deliberately lowered his weight along the length of her.

"Colby?" Diana wriggled experimentally and discovered her legs were trapped beneath his. She suddenly realized just how much more he weighed than she did.

"Are you getting hot yet, honey?" He tugged off the peach-colored nightgown in one swift, efficient move.

"Don't be ridiculous. Honestly, Colby, I'm trying to have a serious discussion with you, and you're playing games."

"A man's got a right to play a few games on his wedding night." He used his foot to part her legs.

Diana shivered as his hair-roughened thigh slid between her knees. She sucked in her breath, and her fingertips splayed across his chest. He slid one finger into her, testing her readiness and groaned with satisfaction as she began to dampen his hand. Her eyes widened as she looked up at him.

Colby was suddenly very big, very male and very much in charge of the situation. When he gazed down into her face, Diana knew he was well aware of her quickening response.

Holding her captive with his eyes as well as his weight, Colby gently caught her wrists and pinned them to the pillow on either side of her head.

"This primitive enough for you?" he asked, his voice sexy and excitingly rough as he arched his lower body against her softness. Again and again, he moved against her, seducing her into the ancient rhythm. His hard, blunt manhood pressed against her but he didn't enter her. "Remind you of a professional warrior you used to know?"

Diana moaned as he began to sink into her with slow deliberation. "What do they feed professional warriors these days to make them grow this big?"

"A lot of raw meat."

"Oh." She closed her eyes and cried out softly as Colby thrust deeply into her.

She waited for him to resume the mesmerizing pattern he had used to tease her a moment before. She knew the pattern well - knew that it would bring them both to a glorious release, but Colby didn't move. He stayed where he was, locked within her softness. Keeping her wrists chained to the pillow, he lowered his head to trail a string of hot, damp kisses down her throat to the peaks of her br**sts.

"Colby?"

"Hmm?" His attention was on the valley between her br**sts now.

"You're driving me crazy."

"Good. I like it when you go crazy. I like to hear you scream."

"I do not scream."

"What do you call it?"

"Little cries of sensual completion," Diana stated loftily. She wished he would start moving within her. She could hardly stand the tight, full feeling of having him lodged within her pulsating body.

"Little cries of sensual completion, my foot," Colby muttered. "You're a screamer. You go wild in my arms and you scream. There's no other word for it. I'm going to make you scream for me tonight."

"Are you?" Diana gave up trying to dissuade him. The feel of him inside her and all along the outside of her was overwhelming her with excitement. A savage warmth was pouring through her. She was suddenly hot and restless and full of fire. Deliberately she tightened herself around him.

Colby groaned. "Oh, yeah, honey. That's what I want." He released her wrists and began to thrust slowly in and out. The muscles bunched in his shoulders as he held himself in check while he waited for her to reach the heights.

Diana wrapped her arms around him, and then she wrapped her legs around his driving thighs. And when he had finally summoned them forth, Colby drank the feminine screams of release from her lips. An instant later he shouted his own satisfaction into the darkness.

Floating on the edge of dreamy contentment, Diana smiled to herself as a stray thought drifted through her mind.

This time around everything was different. This time around everything was right.

A long while later Colby stirred in the shadows. "I've been thinking. Making some plans."

"Have you?" Diana yawned.

"It's time we made a doctor's appointment for you. You heard what they said at the clinic when they gave us the results of your test the other day. We need to get started on a prenatal care program."

Diana, who had been on the verge of sleep, came awake in a hurry. "I have a gynecologist in Portland. I can make an appointment with her." Diana stared up at the ceiling, feeling rather flustered. So many new things to think about.

So many changes to make in her normal routine.

Colby's palm settled warmly on Diana's still flat stomach. "Set it up, and well drive down to Portland to see her. It'll give us a nice break."

"What about your writing? I can drive to Portland by myself."

"I'll handle the writing. And I'll drive you to Portland."

Diana tried to decide how it felt to have someone else making the decisions. On the one hand, it was an enormous relief to share the responsibility. But on the other hand, it frightened her to have a man assuming that responsibility for her. She wasn't accustomed to having anyone look after her, least of all a man.

"Stop worrying about it, honey," Colby said. He sounded amused. "You'll get used to it."

"Have you taken up mind reading?" she demanded.

"No. But at times like this, it's not hard to figure out what you're thinking."

She decided to ignore that. "Maybe it would be a good idea to spend a couple of days in Portland. I could check with Aaron Crown and talk about going back to work for Carruthers and Yale for a few months."

"You don't need to go back to work. You can wait until after the baby arrives."

"No," Diana said firmly. "I want to go back to work while I wait for the baby."

"Just so long as you remember that you've got other priorities in your life now."

She heard the determination in his voice and decided to try to defuse his new mood with a little teasing. She rolled onto her side and propped herself up on her elbow to gaze down at him.

"Other priorities?" Deliberately she drew her nails across his thigh.

It startled her sometimes to see just how quickly Colby could move when he wished. He caught her wrist and tumbled Diana back down onto her back. Then his strong, hard body was looming over her, blocking out the pale moonlight. His thumb rubbed the gold ring on her left hand.

"Two other priorities to be precise, Madam Executive. Me and the baby. And I'm not going to let you forget either of us."

"How could I?" she asked softly just before his mouth captured hers.

4

"The next thing we do, now that we've gotten married and seen your doctor, is start thinking up names for the kid."

Colby forked up a large slice of salmon and regarded Diana across the small restaurant table. "How do you feel about Bertha Maud if it's a girl, and Horace if it's a boy?"

"You can't be serious." Diana was still dwelling on the conversation she'd had with her doctor the previous afternoon. The pregnancy was becoming more and more real by the day. And Colby seemed determined to make sure she faced it. Every time she turned around, he was bringing up some subject that had to do with babies. Tonight they were eating at one of the best restaurants in town, but she could hardly concentrate on the excellent food she had been served. Now Colby wanted to talk names. "I wouldn't stick any kid with a name like Bertha Maud or Horace.

Besides, it's too early to start thinking of names for the baby."

"No, it's not. You just want to put it off because you'd rather worry about your career."

"I understand my career better than I understand babies." The hum of conversation at nearby tables and the clatter of dishes made the words almost inaudible. But not quite. Colby had heard her.

"You'll learn." Colby swallowed another bite of fish. "You about ready to head back to Fulbrook Comers?

We've spent enough time here in Portland this week. I've still got a book to finish this summer."

"I haven't even contacted my boss yet. I was going to call Aaron tomorrow."

"You can wait until the end of the summer. That's what you were planning to do, anyway."

Diana was getting accustomed to Colby's efforts to sidetrack her every time she began to fret about her career. "I'd rather settle things as soon as possible now that I know I'm pregnant. I need to know if going back to Carruthers and Yale is even a viable possibility."

"You know it is. That Crown character has been pestering you all summer to come back to work for him."

"Yes," she admitted. "You know, I think I'm going to do it, Colby. It's the perfect solution."

"The perfect solution is for you to stop worrying about your career until you've settled into marriage and motherhood."

"Do we have to go through this again? You know how I feel about being financially dependent on a man. I made a vow a long time ago that I would never expect someone else to pay my way in life."

"You mean you promised yourself you'd never take the risk of trusting a man to support you either financially or emotionally. That's a bit different than saying you don't want someone else to pay your way in this world. Yeah, I know how you feel about it." Colby pointed his fork at her, scowling. "You've made it damned clear you don't like the idea of trusting me to take care of you. But I think it's time you realized that you've carried that particular phobia to extremes."

"Why are you so opposed to my career plans? Don't you understand how important that part of my life is to me? I didn't think you were a chauvinist in that regard, Colby. You know how you feel about your writing. Surely you can empathize with me."

"It's not a question of being chauvinistic," he exploded, trying to keep his voice low. "My writing is every bit as important to me as your career is to you, but I learned the hard way that there are other things in life. It's time you learned the same lesson. You've been too self-contained, too focused on your job and your narrow little world for too long. It's time to learn what it means to be a woman who's also a wife and, soon, a mother. You're going to broaden your horizons, lady. The amazon bit wears after a while."

"Ill bet you never gave up a paying job while you learned about the little joys of fatherhood."

"All right, I had to do it the hard way. That doesn't make it the right way. Raising Brandon alone and working full-time to support him and myself was not the ideal way to handle things. I had no choice, but you do."

An old fear twisted into life inside Diana. "Do you know what I think? I think you're being difficult about this because deep down you aren't sure you like the idea that I can take care of myself."

"That's not true, Diana."

"It bothers you, doesn't it? You're just old-fashioned enough to want me to be dependent on you. It's some kind of power trip for you, isn't it? In this society the one who controls the money controls everything else. That's the way it works in business, and that's the way it works in a marriage."

"Your ability to take care of yourself doesn't bother me, Diana." Colby spoke through set teeth. "I admire it. Most of the time. What bothers me is that you're too damned scared about what will happen to your precious independence now that you're a wife and a mother-to-be. I've told you before, you've got new priorities now. You're going to have to learn how to balance all of them. And you can start learning that by giving up your cast-iron bra and spear."

"Diana." The masculine voice that interrupted Colby's lecture was the carrying kind - the voice of a man who likes to draw attention to himself and knows how to do it. "I thought it was you when I saw you a few minutes ago, but I told myself no way. You're supposed to be tucked away for the summer in some little backwater mountain town.

What are you doing back in Portland?"

Diana looked up at Aaron Crown. She would have been grateful for almost anything that managed to interrupt the argument that had developed between herself and Colby, but she wasn't prepared to see her boss standing by the table. She took refuge in the formalities.

"Hello, Aaron. Good to see you again."

"It's good to see you. We've missed you, friend." Aaron gave her his most engaging smile. He was a blandly attractive man who had the sleek, corporate look down to an art. His suit had been made to measure, his tie was vaguely reminiscent of an old school that he had never attended and his shirt was definitely not a polyester-cotton blend. Aaron Crown believed in dressing for the role he wanted to play in the organization, and that role was at or near the top.

Diana realized a pause had developed in the conversation. Colby was regarding Aaron with a cold expression, and Aaron was waiting politely for introductions. Flustered, Diana hurried to make them.

"Uh, Aaron, this is Colby Savagar. Colby, this is Aaron Crown, my boss from Carruthers and Yale."

"Her boss, huh?" Colby shook hands perfunctorily with Aaron. "I'm her husband."

Diana went bright pink. She cleared her throat quickly as Aaron turned to her with a look of shock on his face. "Oh, yes, right. Colby's my husband. I forgot to mention I just got married." She knew from the expression in Colby's eyes that she was going to hear about her lapse later.

"Tour husband!" Aaron managed a belated smile. "Well, congratulations are in order, then, aren't they? I had no idea you were even seeing anyone on a regular basis, Diana, let alone that you were contemplating marriage. Where have you been keeping Colby here?"

"In the freezer," Colby said.

Diana glared furiously at him. "We've only been married a few days," she explained to Aaron. "We're both still busy adjusting to the whole idea, aren't we, Colby?"

"I've already adjusted," Colby announced grimly. "You're the slow one in the crowd."

Aaron summoned up a polite chuckle, but he looked vaguely dazed. "I can't believe it. Where did you two meet?"

"We met in Fulbrook Corners," Diana explained crisply, hoping to put an end to the awkward conversation.

"You mean you've only known each other a few weeks?" Aaron shook his blond, well-groomed head in astonishment. "And you're married? I don't believe it."

"Believe it," Colby advised.

Aaron ignored him, turning to frown at Diana with deep concern. "That's not like you, Diana. It's hard to imagine you, of all people, rushing into marriage. You're just not the type. You always think things through so carefully before you act. Wait until your coworkers hear about this. We'll have to arrange a little party at the office to celebrate."

"Don't plan anything in the near future," Colby said. "She's still thinking about whether she wants to return to a job where there's no career potential for women."

Aaron blinked and then his eyes narrowed slightly in consternation. He switched his troubled gaze to Diana. "All of us in business have to go through the experience of being passed over for promotion at one time or another. It's tough, but it's part of corporate life. And there's always a next time. I feel sure that after another year or two with me, management will look more favorably on an upward move for Diana. In the meantime I was hoping you'd had a few thoughts about cutting short your leave of absence, Diana. You were always such a levelheaded type. Being away from your job this long is not good careerwise."

"As a matter of fact, I wanted to talk to you about that, Aaron."

Aaron beamed with satisfaction. "Terrific. There's nothing I'd like more than to talk about getting you back into the fold ASAP. As I said, we've missed you in the office. When can you start?"

"Not until the first of September at the earliest," Colby said coolly. His stern gaze defied Diana to contradict him.

"That's another month away." Aaron looked gravely disappointed.

"Colby has to finish a book he's working on," Diana explained, annoyed with the way Colby had answered for her.

She brightened. "But I suppose I could return to Portland a little earlier than I'd planned," she began, thinking it through.

"No, you will not be returning to Portland earlier than planned." Colby's voice had an edge in it that could have sliced ice.

Diana was furious, but she kept her mouth shut. The last thing she wanted to do was provoke an argument that would only succeed in embarrassing her in front of Aaron Crown. Image was everything in business. She had to maintain hers as a cool, calm, competent woman who was in charge of her marriage as well as her career. She forced a polite smile.

"I'll let you know when I have my plans nailed down," she said to Aaron. No point letting him think she was too eager, she told herself.

"I'll hold you to that," Aaron said swiftly. He patted Diana on the shoulder again. "I'll be looking forward to working with you again as soon as possible, Diana. You're good. Damned good. And I'm sure that with a little more experience under your belt you'll go right to the top. You take care now and enjoy your honeymoon. Contact me as soon as you know your plans." He gave Colby a superior smile and walked off to join his party across the room.

Colby turned a simmering gaze on Diana. "You know what you need?"

She moistened her lower lip, uncertain of his mood. "What?" she asked warily.

"Practice."

She looked at him blankly. "Practice at what?"

"Being a wife. It's a wonder you didn't forget my name along with the fact that you're married to me."

Diana struggled to suppress a flash of humor. "I'm sorry," she murmured, using her napkin to hide her smile. "I was caught off guard." She shouldn't have been, though, she thought. This restaurant was one that was popular with the staff of Carruthers and Yale. She had suggested it to Colby out of habit. It really wasn't such a surprise to run into Aaron here tonight.

Colby glowered at her. "How long did you say you worked for that turkey?"

"About four years." She didn't bother to contradict Colby's opinion of Aaron Crown.

"How could you stand it? He's a complete phony."

"Phonies and turkeys are very common in the corporate world." Diana shrugged unconcernedly. "You learn to deal with them. Are you going to tell me either species is unknown in the publishing world?"

Colby sighed. "No. We've got our share. But at least I don't have to take orders from them from nine to five, day in and day out. I only deal with them occasionally. The rest of the time they leave me alone so that I can write."

"Unfortunately, in my world they're a little harder to avoid."

"You can avoid that particular turkey easily enough. Don't go back to work for him. How did he happen to show up here tonight, anyway?"

Diana shrugged. "This is one of his favorite restaurants."

"I see." Colby's gray gaze was chillier than ever. "Did you two come here a lot in the old days?"

Diana's head came up in surprise as she caught the blatant male jealousy in his voice. "We had a few business meals here, but that's all. I've told you that Aaron and I are professional colleagues, not... not anything else."

"Why aren't you anything more than professional colleagues?" Colby was clearly spoiling for another fight. "He looks like the type who'd sleep with one of his women managers if he got the chance."

Diana grinned slowly. "I don't date turkeys."

Colby relaxed. His mouth twitched at the corner. "You just work for them, huh?"

"As I said, sometimes it's unavoidable."

SPECTER WAS WATTING when Diana turned the key in the lock of her downtown apartment door. The dog's heavy tail wagged affectionately as he greeted her. He leaned heavily against her leg while he gave Colby a half-hearted glare.

"He's losing his cutting edge," Colby said as he stripped off his jacket. "Doesn't even show his teeth to me anymore."

"I told you he's beginning to like you."

"Sure he is." Colby slung his jacket on a hanger in the closet. "And if you believe that, I've got a nice bridge..."

Whatever he was going to say next was cut off by the ringing of the red phone on the black lacquer table near the window.

Diana walked across the gleaming hardwood floor and picked up the receiver. She stood in front of the full-length windows, admiring her precious view of the Willamette River as she spoke into the phone. "Hello?"

"Diana? This is Brandon. I'm at Dad's apartment. Sorry to bother you two at this time of night, but I've been trying to get hold of Dad. Is he there?"

"He's here. He's busy insulting my dog, as usual. Ill get him for you. By the way, how are things going at the restaurant where you're working?"

"Fine. I don't think I'd want to wait tables the rest of my life, but it's not bad for a summer job." There was a pause.

"I saw Robyn yesterday."

"Did you?" Diana's eyes flicked to Colby's face, and then she looked away. "Is she all right?"

"Yeah. Guess I didn't exactly break her heart after all. She's dating some preppy type she met at her parents'

country club."

"What about you?"

"Me? I've sworn off women for at least another week."

Diana laughed. "Ill get your father." She held out the phone to Colby who took it with a raised eyebrow.

"Yeah, Brandon?"

Diana listened to the one-sided conversation as she slipped out of her high heels and went into the kitchen to find a snack for Specter.

"Okay, I guess that'll work. Put one scratch on the Jeep, though, and I'll nail your hide to an outhouse door. Right.

Well see you in the morning." Colby tossed the receiver back into the cradle.

"What was that all about?" Diana asked from the kitchen.

"Brandon wants to borrow the Jeep for a few days. He and some buddies from the restaurant want to take it over to the coast and do some off-roading. We're getting the Mazda for the week. Hell drive the Jeep up to Fulbrook Corners on his next day off and switch back."

"Sounds complicated."

"Teenagers and cars are always complicated." Colby wandered into the kitchen in time to see Specter wolfing down the last of his snack. "What's he eating?"

"A dog biscuit. Want one?"

"No thanks. I'd rather nibble on you." He put his arms around her waist from behind and kissed the nape of her neck. "I'm sorry about that argument at the restaurant."

Diana was startled by the quiet apology. She turned in his arms and hugged him. "This is a time of adjustment for both of us. After all, you may know something about raising kids, but you don't know much more about marriage than I do. You were only married for less than a year and that was twenty years ago."

"That's true. I may not be the world's, leading authority on the subject. But I'm way ahead of you. You've never been married in your life."

"All you wanted this summer was an affair."

"I wanted you," he corrected harshly. "I didn't much care how I got you."

"And I wanted you," she admitted. More than she'd wanted anything or anyone in her life.

"Looks like we both got what we wanted." His hands tightened around her waist.

"But not quite the way we had planned."

"So we got a baby thrown in for good measure. We'll manage." His hands slid to her bu**ocks, and he drew her more tightly against his lean, taut body. "You know, when we come back to Portland at the end of the summer, I think I

'll give up my apartment and move in with you. Your place is nicer than mine. More style. It suits you better than my apartment would. You're used to being around nice things, aren't you?"

"Only in recent years when I finally got to the point where I could afford them."

"I can afford them, too, honey," he said meaningfully. Then he smiled. "The doctor said something today about getting plenty of rest. You ready to hop into bed? I've got some interesting ideas on how to spend the rest of the night."

Specter growled.

Diana lifted her head and smiled. "Just as soon as you take Specter out for his evening walk."

Colby groaned and released her. "Any objections if I accidentally lose him during our little tour around the block?"

"Shame on you. He's just an innocent dog."

"The hell he is." Colby picked up Specter's leather lead. "If he returns without me, call the police and tell them to suspect foul play."

Specter grinned his wolfish grin. Colby grinned back, showing just as many teeth.

Diana watched them go out the door and then she walked over to the windows to gaze out into the night.

She was in love with Colby Savagar. She had known it for some time now. But she wished desperately he had not felt obliged to marry her because of the baby. Now she would never know for certain how long their affair would have lasted, or whether it would ultimately have ended in marriage.

There was no way she would ever know for certain if Colby would have eventually fallen in love with her.

It felt good to be behind the wheel of Brandon's sexy little two-seater. Colby took pleasure in the firm, sure glide of the gears and the responsive steering. The narrow mountain road was a challenge that both he and the car accepted eagerly.

"If you don't slow down, my dog's going to get carsick," Diana announced from the other seat. The sunroof was open and the big dog, who was scrunched into the small space behind the bucket seats, had his head stuck out through the opening.

"There's nothing wrong with my driving," Colby said with a grin. "But I'll tell you one thing, if that dog gets sick in this car, you're going to have to explain it to Brandon."

"I wouldn't dare. Brandon loves this car."

"Yeah. The kid's a good driver. I wanted him to have a good, responsive car."

"I don't think I approve of fast cars and drag-race-style driving. I'll stay with my Buick."

"Like your mother said, sometimes you're a real stick-in-the-mud, honey. Lucky for you I came along, or you would have spent the rest of your life with your nose to the grindstone and stuck behind the wheel of a dull four-door. By the time you were forty, you would have been so bored with yourself you'd have gone nuts. About time you learned to live a little."

She slid him a speculative, mischievous glance. "You're going to teach me, I gather?"

Colby's grin widened. "I consider it my privilege as your husband. Now that you're married to me, life's never going to be the same for you again, honey."

Or for him, Colby added silently. He used one hand to shove Specter to the side so he could check the rear-view mirror. Satisfied that everything was clear, he returned his concentration to the winding road ahead.

Life had definitely taken a surprising twist, but Colby was satisfied. He wondered how long it would take Diana to accept her fate as willingly as he had. She was still struggling with her emotions and the vast changes that had taken place in her life this summer. Deep down he knew she was still frightened.

So was he, but for different reasons. Colby realized he wasn't going to be able to relax until he knew Diana had settled down and truly accepted the drastic upheaval in her life.

And while he was waiting for her to adjust to having a husband and a baby, he sure as hell did not want Aaron Crown subverting her with promises of a glowing career at Carruthers and Yale.

"Colby? Is something wrong?"

"No, honey. I was thinking about some plot problems I'm having."

"Thinking up some horrific twists for Blood Mist!"

"Not exactly. I've already got the horrific parts worked out. I was thinking up ways for the hero to save the fair lady."

"What kind of a jam is she in?"

"She's trapped."

"Aha. And the hero has to free her?"

"Something like that." He was going to do his best, Colby decided, even if the fair lady didn't want to be freed.

They reached Fulbrook Corners later that evening, and the next day Colby got back to work on Blood Mist. There had been so many distractions lately that he was getting impatient with the slow progress of his writing.

He wasn't completely insensitive to Diana's feelings about her career, he told himself as he called up the third chapter of Blood Mist on his word processor. He knew how he'd feel if someone tried to tell him he would have to give up writing - homicidal.

But he wasn't asking her to give up her career. He just wanted her to trust him enough to take some time away from it while she reset her priorities.

Amazons were a hardheaded, stubborn, feisty bunch. Obviously they all needed a strong man to take them in hand and show them what it meant to be a truly well-rounded woman.

Colby grinned wickedly to himself as Chapter Three appeared on the computer screen. Diana would throttle him if she knew what he was thinking. It wasn't his fault that she sometimes brought out his primitive side.

He stared for a minute at the last paragraphs he'd written before leaving for Portland.

Banner crouched at the top of the falls and watched the water turn bloodred in the light of the setting sun. He knew that some day he would have to return to the cave hidden behind the veil of thundering water. The forces that had been set in motion last night while he had slept in the grotto would one day pull him back here to this place.

But he sensed that day was still far off in his future. He was only seventeen. There was much to learn before he returned to uncover the ancient secrets behind the falls. He knew the first thing he must do was become a man. Banner wondered how long that would take and did not realize that simply by asking the question he had begun the process.

It wasn't hard to tell where the inspiration for this story had sprung from, Colby thought wryly as he went to work.

He had never forgotten the night he had spent in Chained Lady Cave when he was a teenager. He had been dreaming about it ever since.

Diana seemed to understand about his writing. She left him to it with no complaint. She went into town in her sedate Buick to pick up the mail and groceries, and she stayed out of Colby's way the rest of the day.

One thing about being married to a strong-minded career woman, he told himself when he took a quick break for coffee, was that she didn't hassle a man about his work. She was perfectly capable of entertaining herself without masculine assistance.

When he finally turned off the small computer later that evening, he realized it was nearly time for dinner. Colby stood up, stretched and sniffed the aroma that was coming from the kitchen. Rice and stir-fried vegetables. One of these days, he was going to have to sit down with Diana and show her how to read a cookbook.

There were a lot of things he wanted to teach Diana.

He glanced out the window at Brandon's dashing little red sports car and decided to give Diana a lesson in how to have a little fun. From what she'd told him, she'd had a seriously deprived adolescence.

"You want to drive out to Chained Lady Falls and make out tonight?" Colby asked as he strolled into the kitchen.

Diana's head came around in startled surprise. "Do I want to do what?"

"You heard me." He helped himself to a cracker and cream cheese. "You said you never dated in high school. I'll bet you never had the thrilling teenage experience of making out in the back seat of a car."

Diana raised her eyes heavenward. "I'll admit I missed that particular ritual of youth."

"Don't worry, it's not too late." He settled back against the counter and munched his cracker. He grinned, aware that she was intrigued by the idea. "We'll take the Mazda."

"Brandon's car doesn't have a back seat," she pointed out demurely as she sliced green peppers. "Aren't you supposed to use a back seat?"

"We're not going to take your car, that's for sure. It's too dull. Brandon's car has some style. Besides, it works just as well in the front seat as it does in the back seat."

"You had a lot of experience in that Corvette you owned back when you were a senior in high school, I take it?"

Colby gave her a thoughtful look. "It's hard to remember. It's been over twenty years. But I think it will come back to me once I get the car parked."

Diana giggled. It was a delightful sound. Colby stared at her, realizing he'd never heard her laugh quite like that.

"I'll just bet it will all come back to you in a hurry."

"Hey, are you complaining? You told me you never had an opportunity to date a bad boy from the wrong side of the tracks. You always wondered what you'd missed, you said. Well, I'm going to fill in the gap in your education."

"How can I resist such a magnanimous offer?"

"Hurry up and get dinner on the table. I'm getting all worked up just thinking about that gear shift in Brandon's car."

"Christ, that damned gearshift is going to emasculate me before we finish this," Colby growled two hours later. "I must have been out of my mind to come up with this idea."

"Maybe you're just out of practice." Diana was lying across his lap, wedged between him and the steering wheel.

She looked up at him with teasing eyes as he tried to angle himself more comfortably across the seats.

"I think the problem is that they've shrunk the front seats of modern cars." And by so doing, had definitely increased the frustration factor, he decided. He could feel Diana's sweetly rounded rear pressed tantalizingly against the bulge in his jeans. The sensation was inflaming him, but he could hardly move.

"Aren't we supposed to have the radio on?" Diana asked. "I had a girlfriend once who dated guys like you, and she said they always had the radio on."

"I can't reach the ignition or the buttons on the radio."

"I can." Diana twisted in his lap.

"Ouch! For crying out loud, woman, be careful." Colby swore as she ground her tail into his sensitized groin. "I have future plans for that portion of my anatomy."

"Sorry." An instant later, music from a distant rock station filled the little car with a pagan beat. "There, that's better. Now, shouldn't you have a cigarette in one hand?"

"I don't smoke," he said, inhaling sharply as she readjusted herself across his thighs. "Never did."

"Oh. Well, what about a black leather motorcycle jacket? Shouldn't you be wearing one?"

"I haven't owned one in twenty years."

"Darn." Diana brightened. "Well, at least you've got jeans on. Now you're supposed to feed me some clever line about how we won't really go all the way, and how you just want to touch me, and how you'll still respect me in the morning if we do happen to go all the way."

"For a woman who never got to experience this kind of thing firsthand, you sure know a hell of a lot about it."

"I told you, I had this girlfriend who used to give me a blow-by-blow account of all her dates."

"What happened to her?"

"She came to a bad end. Wound up pregnant and had to drop out of high school. I never saw her again."

"Well, at least we don't have to worry about that happening to you, do we? You're already pregnant and you're a long time out of high school. Geez, lady, I guess that makes you the perfect date for a guy like me." Colby held his breath as he teased her. The one thing Diana had not been able to laugh about thus far was her pregnancy.

"I guess it does," Diana said softly. Her eyes danced with wicked amusement. She reached down to unzip his jeans.

Colby was enchanted. The humor in her was real. He felt an exhilarating sense of relief, as if some major hurdle had been crossed. He grinned and slid his hand up under the hem of her blouse.

"Wouldn't it be easier to unbutton it?"

"Too obvious. You have to sneak up on a girl's, uh, frontal area. If you just start unbuttoning her blouse, she'll feel obligated to protest."

"I get it. This way she can pretend not to know what's happening until it's too late to slap his hand away, right?"

"Right." He groaned with pleasure as he found the snap of her bra and freed it. "Oh, baby," he muttered as he cupped her breast. "This is good. Very, very, good."

"Should I tell you to stop now?" Diana asked innocently.

"If you do, I'll go crazy." He shifted his right leg to get better leverage and sucked in his breath as the gearshift caught him again. "Damn."

"Colby, are you all right?"

"Fine," he gasped, unwilling to call a halt when he was this aroused. "Could you, uh, lift up a little?"

"Like this?"

"Yeah. Easy, honey. Take it easy. My zipper..."

"Oh, sorry. Here, let me finish getting it down."

"No. Wait a second. Not like that. Things are kind of jammed up inside. Let me do it." Colby found the zipper tag and started to ease it down cautiously.

"The windows are getting steamed up."

"They're supposed to get steamed up," Colby informed her as he tried to find a more comfortable position on the seat. "Steamed up windows are crucial to the essential ambience of the situation."

"But it's such a beautiful night." Diana reached over the front seat to wipe her hand across the slanting rear windshield.

"Diana. You're going to ruin me for life."

"Oops. Oh, now I see why you keep the windshields fogged up."

"Yeah? Why?" he grumbled as she settled back down into his lap.

"So the other make-out artists can't see you."

"What the hell? What other make-out artists? Don't tell me someone else is parked here? I didn't hear another car."

Colby snapped his head around to stare out the rear window. "I don't see another car."

"Over there. He's just pulling into the parking area now, see? You can't hear the engine yet. The noise of the falls is too loud."

"He's got his lights off," Colby said slowly as he studied the faint gleam of moonlight on a sleek fender. The shape of that fender brought back old memories.

"Probably doesn't want to disturb us."

"Let's get out of here," Colby said abruptly. He lifted Diana off his lap. "Come on, honey. Slide on over."

"Ouch. My head." Diana rubbed the top of her head where she had struck it on the roof. "Don't tell me you're embarrassed that someone might recognize us. It's probably just a couple of teenagers who are here for the same reason we are."

"Everyone in town knows this car. They saw it a lot when Brandon was visiting a while back." He twisted the key in the ignition.

"Then they'll think it's Brandon sitting here."

"Tomorrow when they realize I'm driving his car, they'll know it was you and me sitting here tonight. Forget it. This town has enough to talk about as it is. I'm not going to have everyone saying Savagar hasn't changed one bit in twenty years. They'll laugh themselves to death down at the post office."

Colby spun the wheel as the engine caught. He sent the little Mazda rocketing out of the parking area and onto River Road. He didn't switch on the lights until he was a hundred feet away from the parking lot near the falls.

Then he glanced in his rearview mirror and realized the other car was following. The black Corvette was right on his bumper.

5.

"Colby, whats wrong? What are you doing? Why are we slowing down?" Diana turned in her seat to stare at the dark shape of the car that was following closely behind them. She could see nothing beyond the glare of its headlights.

"I'm trying to tell whoever that is behind us that I'm not in the mood for a race."

"You think it's some kid who's trying to goad you into a drag race?"

"Some things don't change, especially in small towns like Fulbrook Corners."

"Does it bring back old memories?" Diana asked lightly.

"It makes me goddamned mad, is what it does."

"He's not going around us." Diana drew a startled breath. "Colby, he's coming closer. He's right on top of us. He's going to hit us if he's not careful."

"I see him." Colby's voice was suddenly very cold. "Turn around and tighten your seat belt."

"But, Colby, I think..."

"Do it," he snapped, his eyes on the side mirror. His foot eased down on the accelerator. The Mazda pulled quickly away from the heavy monster behind it.

Diana didn't argue. Something was very wrong, and Colby had decided they were in real trouble. She wanted to ask him what he intended to do, but it occurred to her that this was not a good time to distract him.

The Mazda was moving very swiftly down the lonely, narrow road now. But the car behind it was picking up speed with the eagerness of a hawk swooping down on its prey.

"Whoever it is, he's spoiling for either a race or a fight," Colby observed dispassionately.

"I take it we're going to give him the race?" Diana held her breath as Colby downshifted for a tight turn.

"I'm not about to stop and invite the alternative. Not when I have no way of knowing how many people are in that car, or if the driver's carrying a gun. Lots of crazies around these days."

Diana closed her eyes as the Mazda whipped out of the turn in a controlled skid and accelerated rapidly. She opened them again as she heard the engine growl in preparation for another curve.

"How well do you remember this road, Colby?" she asked, trying to sound calm and collected.

"Like the back of my hand."

"That's very reassuring." She gripped the dash with both hands as Colby sent the responsive car plunging into another curve. They came roaring out of the turn a few seconds later with the monster still on their heels.

"He had a little trouble with the last curve," Colby observed, his gaze flicking briefly to the side mirror. "He's got a lot under the hood but he isn't in complete control of it."

"I see." Diana carefully kept all inflection out of her voice. She was getting scared, very scared. She thought about all the times Colby had raced down this road for wild thrills and hard cash, and then she reflected on the number of times she herself had ever driven even five miles over the speed limit. She could count them on one hand.

She really had led a sheltered life.

"Remember I told you I could usually lose the competition on the turn near the bridge?" Colby asked.

"I remember."

"I'm going to try it now. It's a little tricky, though. Hang on tight and don't panic."

"Right." She couldn't possibly panic. She was beyond panic. The hairpin turn near the bridge was coming up swiftly in the headlights and Colby was taking it with what seemed far too much speed.

They were going to wind up in the river. Diana knew it as surely as she knew her own name. She closed her eyes and wrapped her arms around her stomach. In that moment all she could think about was the baby. It was the first time she had ever visualized the growing being within her as a distinct and viable entity. But suddenly it was very real and her overwhelming urge was to protect it.

There was a sharp squeal of tires, and the shriek of rubber on blacktop seemed to go on forever. Diana waited for the inevitable impact but nothing happened. The Mazda slammed out of the hairpin turn unscathed. From behind them came the nerve-shattering sound of brakes being frantically applied.

"Lost 'em," Colby said with calm satisfaction as he checked the rearview mirror. "Or he lost his nerve, to be more precise. Thought he could take that 'vette into the turn the same way I took the Mazda and realized at the last second he couldn't. Just as well. If he'd gone into the turn fast enough to catch us, he'd have gone into the river."

"Is it over?"

"Yeah. He's not following us." Gradually Colby eased off the pedal.

Diana took several deep breaths. She looked over at Colby's grim profile. He flashed her a quick, reassuring grin and she closed her eyes again.

"You enjoyed that. I was scared to death and you enjoyed it," she accused softly.

"No I didn't. I'm just glad it's over. What's wrong with your stomach?"

"Nothing." She realized she still had her arms folded around herself protectively. "I was just... when we started into that last turn, all I could think about was... was..." She floundered.

"The baby?" he asked gently. "Is that what you were thinking about?"

"For the first time it seemed real, somehow. I was frightened something would happen."

"I was, too," Colby said grimly. "Scared something might happen to you and the baby. That's why I decided to try outrunning whoever was in that car. Twenty years ago it wouldn't have been a problem. I'd have known who was in the car and the worst thing that might have happened would have been a fistfight with the other driver. You would have been safe enough. But these days you never know what kind of weirdos are out playing tricks in the middle of the night. It was safer to outrun the 'vette than stop and risk finding ourselves facing a psycho."

Diana swallowed. "You're right. Colby, we should report this."

"Ill check into it tomorrow. Ill talk to Gil and maybe the new man, Roy Barnes, who took his place."

"Good idea." Diana clasped her hands between her knees to stop them from shaking.

"Wish we'd gotten a better look at that car."

"You said it was a Corvette?"

"An old one. A classic."

"like the one you used to drive on this road?"

Colby didn't answer that. Instead he said thoughtfully, "Eddy Spooner would remember working on a car like that.

I'll talk to him tomorrow, too. Are you sure you're okay, honey?"

"I'm fine. Honest."

"The adrenaline dies down after a while. Take a few deep breaths."

"I already did that. Maybe it's just as well I led a sheltered existence as a high school student. I don't think I'm cut out for walking on the wild side."

"Don't kid yourself. You've got guts, lady. You didn't scream once. Real cool."

"Thank you, Mr. Savagar. I can't tell you what that means to me." But she was smiling, Diana realized. Colby was right. The adrenaline was dying down quickly. "And may I compliment you on your driving prowess? Very impressive.

Even if you did forget to bring along a leather jacket."

"Thank you."

"What's so funny?" Diana demanded.

"I was just thinking. That's the first time I've ever raced with a female in the car."

"I'm glad we're doing some things differently this time around than you did them the first time here in Fulbrook Corners."

"Everything's different with you, Diana. Remember that."

She wondered at the sudden intensity in his voice. She was silent for a moment as Colby turned onto the narrow bridge that crossed the river.

"Colby?"

"Yeah, honey?" He sounded preoccupied, his mind elsewhere.

"You are one hell of a driver."

He slid her a surprised, sidelong glance. "Thanks."

"I'm glad it was you behind the wheel tonight rather than me or even Brandon."

Something in her voice must have caught his attention. "What makes you say that?"

"Because I think the person in that other car was out for blood, not just a race. I think whoever it was would have cheerfully sent us into the river if he'd gotten the chance."

"Honey, calm down. Your imagination is running at high rev. It was just some teenager who was looking for action on River Road. Like I said, some things never change."

"The GUY was a real terrorist, Eddy. It wasn't just some kid trying to get a race going. He was out for blood. Even Diana sensed it, although I told her that what was happening was just standard operating procedure for drag racing on River Road. But it wasn't, at least not the way we used to do it twenty years ago. Have things changed around here that much?"

Eddy Spooner rolled his beer can between his hands and studied the uninspiring view of his moonlit backyard.

Colby leaned back against the sagging step and followed Eddy's gaze. The weed-choked space behind Eddy's tumbledown house was a graveyard for dead automobiles. Moonlight gleamed on the skeletons of an old Chevrolet and a Ford. At the edge of the porch was a pile of rusting auto parts. A dark pyramid of old tires loomed in the shadows near a large shed.

"There isn't much racing down on River Road these days," Eddy finally said slowly. "Leastways, not that I hear about. Some of the local kids have some hot stuff under their hoods, and once in a while one will challenge the other, just like in the old days, but not too often. You think the guy that jerked your chain last night was driving a Corvette?"

Colby nodded. "A black one. Older model."

"Twenty years old?" Spooner asked meaningfully.

"No, not quite that old. Old enough to bring back a few memories, though."

"The guy nearly took you, huh?"

"He nearly took me by surprise," Colby clarified roughly. "But I suckered him into that turn by the bridge. He realized too late he was going into it too fast. Lost his nerve. By the time he recovered, Diana and I were long gone."

"You always had a good sucker punch up your sleeve. Good thing it wasn't your son driving last night, huh?"

Colby set his back teeth and lifted the beer can to his lips. "Brandon's a good driver. I taught him. But he's never raced on River Road. He could have been in big trouble last night. Whoever was driving that 'vette did know the road.

That's what made me think he was out for blood. He knew that road, and he tried to push me into the river."

"Maybe he figured you'd forgotten that road. It's been twenty years."

"That would be assuming whoever was driving the 'vette knew I was behind the wheel in the other car."

Eddy flicked him a glance. "You don't think he did?"

"I don't know what to think, Eddy. I just know I don't want some hotshot thinking he can put Diana at risk the way he did last night. I want to make it real clear to him, in fact, that it will be worth his life if he tries anything like that again."

"Before you can tell him that, you got to find him," Eddy pointed out.

"That's why I drove over to see you this evening. I figured you'd know if there was anything as hot as that Corvette around here."

Eddy frowned intently. "Hasn't been anything that hot around here since you drove off in that black 'vette twenty years ago. Most of the kids around here who are into cars drive Camaros like mine or four-by-fours. Could have been an outsider. Someone from, say, Vickston, who'd heard there might be a little action on River Road. I'll ask around, if you like."

"I'd appreciate it, Eddy." Colby got to his feet. "Thanks for the beer. I'd better be getting home. I told Diana I'd just be gone for an hour or so."

"Wives are kinda nosy, huh? Like to keep tabs on a guy-"

Colby shrugged. "I don't mind." As he said the words, he realized they were the truth. He didn't mind Diana's interest in his whereabouts when he wasn't with her. He damned sure wanted to know where she was when she wasn't with him.

"You've changed," Eddy observed as he ambled around the side of the old house beside Colby.

"We all do, Eddy."

"Think you're as tough as you used to be?"

Colby grinned. "I wasn't all that tough twenty years ago, Eddy. I was just a lot younger. Didn't know what I wanted out of life. Now I do."

"Does knowing what you want make a difference?"

Colby glanced at him. Eddy wasn't usually given to philosophical questions. "It makes a hell of a difference."

"How? You think you're tougher now because you know what you want?"

"Put it this way, Eddy. When a man finally gets his priorities straight, he knows what's worth fighting for and what isn't. He can conserve his energy for the important stuff."

Eddy walked in silence for a long moment. As they approached the Mazda parked in the front drive, he resettled his camouflage cap on his thin blond hair. "I got me some new priorities these days."

"Glad to hear it." Colby opened the car door and slid behind the wheel.

Eddy braced his arm on the car roof. "I got a line on something real good this time, Colby. Real good."

Colby looked up as he switched on the ignition. "That's great, Eddy."

Eddy leaned closer, excitement simmering in his voice. "It's something hot, Colby. I mean really hot. It could be the big one. The break I've been waiting for."

"Good luck." Colby meant it but he knew Eddy Spooner would be looking for his big break until the day he died.

Eddy's big breaks always had a way of falling to pieces before he could get his hands on them.

"You'll see," Eddy said with soft intensity. "You and everyone else in this hick town." He stepped back from the car. "I'll keep an eye out for the black 'vette."

"Thanks, Eddy. See you later." Colby slipped the Mazda into gear and picked his way through the ruts and potholes of Eddy's front drive. He realized he was eager to be away from the moonlit cemetery. It wasn't just old cars that were buried here. A lot of impotent dreams had also been buried in Eddy Spooner's yard.

Colby drove down the lonely country road and thought about fate and luck and priorities.

It was a while before he noticed the altered feel of the road, but when he finally did he groaned and reluctantly pulled over to the side. Why did flat tires always happen at night five miles from the nearest gas station?

Colby turned off the engine and reached for the flashlight he had instructed Brandon to always keep in the glove compartment. Then he climbed out of the car and morosely surveyed the shrinking rear tire.

"Damn."

He was going to be late getting home to Diana. He hoped she wouldn't be unduly alarmed. She had been a little nervous following last night's idiocy out on River Road. But at least she had Specter with her. Whatever else you could say about the stupid dog, he was highly protective of Diana.

Colby hauled out the tools he would need to change the tire.

He was removing the last of the lug nuts when Margaret Fulbrook's heavy old Cadillac pulled off the road and cruised to a halt behind him. Its headlights illuminated the Mazda in a harsh glare. Harry Gedge opened the door and got ponderously out of the driver's seat. He was alone.

Colby stayed crouched near the tire, but he kept the wrench in his hand as he watched Harry come toward him. It had been twenty years, but he knew Harry could carry a mean grudge.

"Well, well, well," Harry drawled as he stopped a few feet away. "Got yourself a little project there, I see."

"It'll keep me busy for a while." Colby went back to work on the lug nuts, but he watched Harry out of the corner of his eye.

"I'll leave the Caddy parked where it is while you change the tire," Harry volunteered. "The headlights will make it a little easier to see what you're doin'."

"Thanks," Colby muttered, dropping the last of the lug nuts into the hub cap.

"Don't thank me. Thank old lady Fulbrook. She gave me strict instructions about how I wasn't to cause any trouble with you." Harry leaned against the fender of the Cadillac, a dark, bulky shape behind the glare of the headlights.

Colby said nothing. He hesitated and then put down the wrench in order to grasp the flat tire and pull it off the wheel.

"You hear me, Savagar? I said old lady Fulbrook doesn't want me causing any trouble with you."

"I hear you."

"You know why she doesn't want no trouble?" Harry asked conversationally.

"No."

"She's afraid you'll keep her from seeing that boy of yours. Weird, huh? Twenty years go by, and she pays no attention to that kid at all. Then one day he shows up in town and she's fascinated with him. It's probably those eyes of his. Just like little Cynthia's eyes. Remember those eyes, Savagar?"

Colby didn't respond. He wished he could pick up the wrench again but it took both hands to fit the spare tire onto the axle. He told himself that if Margaret Fulbrook had given her gofer instructions not to start a fight with him, Harry the Ox would follow orders. Harry had always followed Fulbrook orders.

"Old lady Fulbrook's gettin' on, you know?" Harry continued. "One of these days she's gonna kick the bucket.

Been having a few chest pains lately. Doctor can't find nothin' wrong, but you know what chest pains mean."

Colby hoisted the spare tire and started to slide it into place.

It was then Harry moved, charging out of the shadows and into the glare of the Cadillac's headlights with a speed that was astonishing in a man his size.

Colby dropped the tire and spun to one side, trying to get to his feet. He didn't move fast enough. Harry's arm came down in a vicious arc. There was a length of pipe in his fist.

Just like old times, Colby thought. His spinning movement ensured that the pipe missed his skull but he took the blow in his ribs. Pain shot through him. He went sprawling on the pavement, forcing himself to roll quickly to the side.

"Now that's a sucker punch, you son of a bitch," Harry roared and swung the pipe again. "I've been waitin' twenty years to do that."

The second swing narrowly missed Colby's shoulder. He staggered to his feet as the pipe clanged on the pavement and he stepped quickly back out of Harry's range. The big man charged again.

This time Colby went in under the swing but he was still off balance. He managed to sink a fist into Harry's huge belly, but Harry fell on top of him, using his massive weight to carry Colby toward the ground.

Colby barely escaped the full weight of the other man. He threw himself to one side as they both hit the hard pavement. Harry lashed out with his fist because the hand holding the length of pipe was trapped momentarily under his body. Lights danced in Colby's head as the huge, meaty hand caught the side of his face.

But Harry lost his advantage on the ground. He lay like a beached whale for a few seconds, breathing noisily as Colby got to his knees.

Colby wasted no time taking advantage of the situation. He used the heel of his hand in a chopping action that was designed to numb Harry's shoulder. Harry yelled as his fingers went into a spasm, and the pipe clattered on the pavement.

Colby kicked the pipe well out of the way and then stepped back out of reach. He sucked in air and watched Harry sit up slowly.

"Let's call it even," Colby said, aware of the pain in his side.

Harry said nothing. He got awkwardly to his feet, edged around Colby, who never took his eyes off him, and moved heavily toward the Cadillac. He lowered his bulk slowly into the driver's seat and yanked the door shut.

With a protesting groan from its overworked engine, the big car shot out onto the road. Colby had to jump out of the way. An instant later he was staring at the big car's taillights.

Some things would never change in Fulbrook Corners.

Specter raised his head from his huge paws and yawned inquiringly as Diana paced back across the length of the living room. She eyed the dog.

"Am I disturbing you?"

Specter blinked sleepily and put his head back down onto his paws. He knew when to keep his mouth shut.

His eyes stayed open, however, as he watched Diana pace.

"He should have been home by now. If he'* out getting drunk with that Eddy Spooner, I swear I'll give him a piece of my mind when he shows up." She glared at the dog. "Do you realize I don't even know if he does things like stay out with the boys half the night? He's my husband, and I still don't know nearly as much about him as I should. I must have been crazy to marry him on such short notice."

Specter's tail flopped once or twice in general agreement.

"Oh, you're biased. You didn't like Colby the minute you saw him."

Specter's ears rose and fell briefly. He lifted his muzzle in anticipation and turned his head toward the front door.

Diana followed his gaze. A few seconds later she heard what the dog had heard, the sound of the Mazda's engine.

Relief flooded her veins with such intensity she felt weak. She hurried over to the front door, jerked it open and dashed out onto the front porch.

"It's about time you got home, Colby Savagar," she declared in ringing tones as the car door opened. "Where have you been? Do you have any idea of the time? It's nearly midnight. I've been worried sick. You said you'd only be gone for an hour."

"Always nice to know I've been missed," Colby said as he got slowly out of the car. He stood for a minute, steadying himself with one hand on the door. "It's not anywhere near midnight, by the way. It's only about ten."

"Well, it seems a lot later than that. What did you do? Hit the local tavern with Eddy and a few old buddies?"

"I ran into an old acquaintance after I left Eddy's. But he didn't offer to buy me a beer." Colby slammed the car door and started toward the porch.

Diana's eyes narrowed. "What's wrong with you? Are you drunk?"

"No, ma'am." Colby was holding his side with one hand. His eyes were shadowed in the dim porch light. "Are you going to conduct an inquisition every time I come home late?"

"I don't know," Diana retorted. "I'm not accustomed to dealing with the situation. Isn't this what wives are supposed to do?"

"Damned if I know. It's been twenty years since I had one." He put one foot on the bottom step. He winced.

"Colby, this is ridiculous. Where have you been?"

"Out," he stated laconically as he started up the steps.

"What have you been doing?"

"Nothing."

"So help me, Colby, I..." She broke off in shock as she finally got a good look at his face. "What happened to you?"

"I told you, I ran into an old acquaintance." Colby managed a weak grin. "Or maybe I should say he ran into me."

Diana stared at him in shock. "Who?"

"Harry the Ox."

"Oh, my God." She broke free of her momentary paralysis and leaped forward to take Colby's arm.

Colby sucked in air. "Careful, honey. I'm finding out the hard way that this kind of thing hurts more than it used to."

"Oh, my poor Colby. What did that bastard do to you? How dare he hurt you like this! I'll get a lawyer.

I'll call the cops. I'll have him sent to prison for the rest of his life. Here, let me help you. Lean on me, Colby."

His mouth curved sardonically. "If I did, we'd both wind up flat on the porch. Relax. I can make it inside the house.

I managed to finish changing the tire and drive home, didn't I?"

"You had to change a tire in this condition?" Diana was outraged. "What happened? Where were you?"

"On the way back from Eddy Spooner's. Had to stop to change a flat. Harry cruised by and saw I was having a little problem, so he felt obliged to stop and add to my worries."

"That man should be horsewhipped. Look what he's done to you. You're bleeding."

"I got a little scraped up when I hit the pavement."

"He knocked you to the pavement? Colby, I won't stand for this. I will not tolerate anyone doing this to you."

"You won't?" Colby looked down at her with a speculative glance as he allowed her to guide him through the door.

"I certainly will not. I will call a lawyer in the morning and sue the fat off that big ox. How dare he do this to you!"

"He was carrying an old grudge, you know. I told you about the time he and I tangled twenty years ago."

"That doesn't give him the right to beat you up like this. Oh, Colby, just look at you," she said in despair. "You're bleeding and you can hardly walk."

"He got me in the ribs with a length of pipe."

"A pipe?" Diana was horrified. "We've got to get you to a doctor."

"I don't think anything's broken," Colby said quickly. "I just need a little rest."

"You need to get to a doctor," Diana stated firmly. "I'll drive you."

"Honey, I don't think I could stand any more jostling in the car," Colby said gently. "In fact, I don't even know if I can make it up those stairs to bed. Would you help me?"

Diana glanced worriedly at the old staircase. "Maybe you should stay down here on the couch. I'll get some stuff from the bathroom to disinfect those cuts. I've got some tablets I use for cramps. They might help with the pain."

"Uh, are you sure? The last thing I'm worrying about at the moment is menstrual cramps."

"They're pretty effective on things like headaches, too," she assured him. "I'll get you a couple of tablets. You sit right down here. I don't want you trying the stairs."

Colby allowed her to lower him gingerly to the sofa. He clutched his ribs and looked up at her with an expression of noble suffering. "I really appreciate this, honey."

Diana fussed with the pillows, trying to make him more comfortable. "I just cannot believe someone would do this.

What a creep that Harry is."

"My feelings exactly." He lay cautiously down on the sofa, groaning softly.

"Don't move. I'll be right back."

"Don't worry. I'm not going anywhere."

"Are you sure you couldn't tolerate the ride into town to see a doctor in emergency?"

"Believe me, it would be the death of me."

"Maybe I could get a doctor to come out here."

"Not a chance. Fulbrook Corners may be a bit behind the times, but you can bet the local physicians have adopted all the latest medical practices. They won't make house calls."

"I can call an ambulance."

"No, you will not call an ambulance."

Diana dithered anxiously for another few seconds, wishing she could get some medical advice. Then she dashed up the stairs to the bathroom to find some basic first-aid supplies.

She spent the next hour devoting herself to making Colby more comfortable and swearing vengeance on Harry Gedge. Colby bore up gallantly but it was obvious he was in a lot of pain.

"I'm sorry I yelled at you when you drove in earlier," she apologized humbly as she prepared a pot of tea for him.

"Don't worry about it," Colby said magnanimously. He levered himself up carefully to take the tea mug from her hand. "Sorry I worried you by getting home late."

"I guess I'm a bit jumpy after what happened out on River Road."

"So am I, if you want to know the truth. In fact, I think we're going to cut short our summer vacation in scenic Fulbrook Corners."

She stared at him in surprise. "We are? Why? You seemed determined to spend the whole summer here."

"I can finish Blood Mist back in Portland."

"Colby, I don't understand. What made you decide all of a sudden to leave? Was it because of Harry's assault on you tonight?"

"Not exactly. I finally started asking myself the question everyone else has been asking me."

"Which question?"

"Why in hell did I come back to Fulbrook Corners after all this time?"

"Did you come up with an answer?" Diana asked gently.

"I told Gil the other night that I must have come back to meet you. Well, I've met you and I've married you. So we'

re leaving just as soon as I'm able to move without reeling like I'm going to fall into a million pieces."

"Colby, it makes me so angry to see you hurt like this. Do you want some more tea?"

"No, thanks, honey."

"Are the pain pills helping any?"

"Well, I haven't got cramps."

6.

Colby was still ensconced on the sofa at noon the next day when Gil Thorp arrived. He looked up from some notes on Blood Mist that he was making on a yellow pad and grinned ironically behind Diana's back as she opened the door.

Gil saw the grin and his bushy gray brows rose. But he said nothing.

"I'm so glad you could stop by," Diana said as she ushered Gil into the room. "When I saw your wife at the post office this morning, I told her I felt very strongly that something should be done about this. Colby gave me strict orders not to say anything to anyone about it, but I just couldn't keep silent when I saw Evelyn. Here, have a seat. I'll go fix some coffee." She looked over at Colby. "Would you like another cup, Colby?"

"Thanks, honey. That would be nice. Maybe another one of those cookies you picked up at the store?"

"I'll be right back." She scurried toward the kitchen.

Gil patted Specter and sprawled in the armchair across from the sofa. He gave Colby an appraising look.

"So," Gil said dryly, "I understand you're suffering nobly after being the victim of a savage, unprovoked beating."

"You know me, Gil. I'm nothing if not noble."

"Uh-huh." He surveyed the depleted tray of snacks that had been placed within easy reach of the sofa, the pile of books and magazines arranged conveniently on the table, the carefully plumped pillows and the remains of an earlier cup of coffee. "You know what I think?"

"What's that?"

"I think you've just discovered one of the little joys of married life, and you're wallowing in it. Ever had a woman fuss over you before, Colby?"

"Not that I can remember," Colby responded with total honesty. He grinned back. "A man could get used to it."

"It appears you're taking to it like a duck to water. From the report I got, I assumed you were at death's door, but you don't look like you're going to croak on us any time soon. What's the real story?"

"The bruises you can see and a few more on my ribs. Nothing's broken. I'm a little sore but Diana's keeping me dosed with female medicine. It works fairly well."

"Female medicine? What's that?"

"Take a guess."

Gil's expression cleared. "I get it. That kind of medicine."

"Yeah, that kind of medicine."

"Is it working?" Gil asked with interest.

"Like I told Diana, I don't have cramps."

"That must be a great relief to you. You want to tell me what happened last night?"

"Didn't Diana fill Evelyn in? I understood they had a real heart-to-heart chat at the post office this morning."

"I hope you didn't chew Diana out when she told you she'd talked to Evelyn. She's really upset, Colby."

"I know. That's why I didn't yell at her when she admitted she'd run into Evelyn and spilled the whole story."

Colby chuckled. "You should have heard her yelling at me last night, though, when I finally got back here. She thought I'd been out drinking with some old buddies. She really started to let me have it with both barrels until she realized what had happened."

Gil regarded him with amusement. "Wives tend to do those things. When they stop fussing over things like that, you got cause to worry. What did happen last night?"

Colby shrugged, and winced when his ribs protested. "It was all pretty straightforward. Harry caught me alone on the way back from Spooner's. I was changing a tire."

"Not the best position to be in when Harry's around."

"Yeah. That's what I found out. Harry took the opportunity to try to get even for an old grudge. It was like an instant replay of twenty years ago."

"Who won this time?"

"It was a draw. I encouraged Harry to be satisfied with that."

"I doubt if he will be. Kind of convenient, him finding you out in the middle of nowhere fixing a flat tire."

Colby looked at Gil for a long moment. "Yeah, that occurred to me, too. He might have followed me to Spooner's, I guess. He could have put a knife into one of the tires while I was out back having a few beers with Eddy and then followed me until I finally realized I had a flat."

"Want me to have a talk with Roy Barnes?"

"No, because I'm not going to do anything about it, and you know it. What happened was between Harry and me and goes back twenty years. It's got nothing to do with Barnes or anyone else."

"Kinda thought you'd feel that way. You might have a tough time convincing Diana to let it drop, though. She's mad."

"I can handle Diana."

"Who says you can handle Diana?" Diana glowered at him from the kitchen doorway, a tray of cups in her hand.

"Colby, this is not a matter of machismo. This is a matter for the law. I will not have that big ox thinking he can beat you to a pulp and get away with it."

"Now, honey," Colby said soothingly, "there's no need to get any more upset about this. It's over."

"It's a long way from over."

Gil interrupted. "If it's any consolation, Diana, Harry didn't exactly get off unscathed last night. Someone saw him when he drove Margaret Fulbrook into town this morning and he looks kind of skinned up from bouncing off the pavement. I hear the match ended in a draw."

"This is not a professional prize fight we're talking about," Diana fumed. "This was a clear case of unprovoked assault."

"Diana, I think I need another one of those tablets," Colby said quickly. "Would you mind getting me one along with a glass of water?"

Instantly her attention was riveted on his physical condition. "Of course. Here, Gil. Help yourself to the coffee. I'll be back in a few minutes." She set down the tray and hurried toward the stairs.

Gil watched her dash up the stairs and then he gave Colby a quick grin. "You can't play the wounded hero forever, you know. Sooner or later the bruises will fade."

"I'm going to milk it for all it's worth in the meantime. By the way, Gil, Diana and I are leaving in a day or two."

"I thought you were here for the summer."

"I've changed my mind."

"Because of Harry?"

"Hell, no, not because of Harry." Colby picked up his coffee mug. "Because of something else." He gave Gil a brief description of what had happened out on River Road.

"A black Corvette, huh? I can't think of anyone who's driving one around here," Gil said thoughtfully.

"Neither can Eddy Spooner."

"He'd know if there was a car like that around."

Colby nodded. "Yeah. But the fact that he doesn't know anything about it is what worries me. It's too much like no one knowing anything about those pranks that were played on Diana when she was living in the cottage."

"You still think someone besides your son's girlfriend was responsible for those incidents?"

"I don't know, Gil. I just know that those pranks coupled with that damned fool who tried to take us on River Road add up to too many incidents. Someone besides Harry Gedge may be carrying an old grudge, but if that's the case he's not coming after me directly the way Harry did. He's threatening Diana. I have to get her out of here."

"I don't blame you. None of it makes any sense, but I'd do the same in your situation."

"You'll keep an eye out in case anything new crops up?"

Gil nodded, his face grim. "You bet. I'll give you a call if I hear anything."

"Thanks."

The sudden silence from upstairs made Colby glance over his shoulder. Diana stood on the landing, the bottle of pills in her hand. She was staring down at him, and he wondered how much she'd overheard.

"Colby?"

Colby smiled reassuringly and said the first thing he could think of that might distract her. "Relax, honey. You wanted to go back to work at Carruthers and Yale, didn't you?"

The pleading call from the grotto was stronger than ever. She had to stay. Torn between the desperate, silent demand and the need to escape, she hovered at the edge of the hot spring. She could do nothing until the warrior came for her. She was helpless.

Her feet were damp. She looked down and saw that a thin ribbon of fluid was trickling along the cave floor, angling toward the entrance. The fluid was tinged bloodred and it came from between her thighs.

Soon the pain would start. She was so afraid of the pain.

Diana's eyes snapped open. She lay still for a moment, trying to bring herself back to the reality of her Portland bedroom. It had been two weeks since Colby had hustled her and Specter back to the city. She had been back at work at Carruthers and Yale for over a week.

She waited a few seconds longer and then she couldn't resist.

"Colby?" she asked softly. "Are you awake?"

He groaned. "You, too, huh?"

"This is getting ridiculous. Nobody shares dreams like this. It's spooky."

He turned on his side, yawned and gathered her close. His hand stroked her with a familiar, sleepy sensuality.

"Relax, honey. It's a little unusual, but it's not anything to get nervous about. I told you, I've been having dreams about that damned cave for twenty years."

"But have you ever known anyone else who's had them?"

"No." He leaned over to nuzzle the curve of her neck. His leg angled across her thighs. "But, then, I've never spent the night there with anyone else except you. I also am not in the habit of discussing my dreams with other people. How would I know if someone else was having the cave dream unless he or she volunteered the information?"

"It's not normal, Colby."

"Maybe all married couples share their dreams."

"If the phenomenon was common, we'd have heard about it by now," Diana retorted.

"Maybe we're unique." His hand slid down over her hip, and his mouth followed the line of cle**age that disappeared beneath the low bodice of her nightgown.

"Colby, I'm trying to have a serious discussion."

"Could we have it in the morning? I'm sort of busy at the moment."

Diana laughed softly, the uneasy spell of the dream broken by his unabashed lust. "It's nearly two o'clock. We should go back to sleep."

"Ill make this fast." His hand slipped between her thighs.

"No, you will not make it fast." Diana pushed at his shoulders. He went over onto his back, his eyes gleaming in the shadows.

"I won't?" he asked.

"No. You will make this nice and slow." She let her br**sts brush his naked chest as she leaned over him and found his mouth with her own.

"Anything you say, honey."

BUT everything was NOT quite as she said, Diana reflected the next morning as she dressed for work, not by a long shot. Colby was accommodating enough in bed, but he could be intransigent out of it. She was learning the hard way that marriage required a great deal of adjustment. As far as she could tell, she was the one doing most of the adjusting.

Colby had never really given her a reasonable explanation as to why he wanted to leave Fulbrook Corners before the summer ended. She knew he was uneasy about the pranks that had been played on her, and she thought he had been more concerned about that late-night race on River Road than he had admitted to her, but he'd refused to say much about it.

"Just kids playing dangerous games," he'd explained briefly when she'd grilled him. "What's the problem, anyway? You wanted to go back to work as soon as possible. Here's your chance."

She'd been happy to head for Portland, but not for the reasons he'd assumed. It was true she wanted to start back to work as soon as possible now that she'd made her decision, but as they'd driven out of Fulbrook Corners, Diana's main feeling had been a sense of relief that they were going to be beyond the reach of Harry the Ox.

She'd abandoned the attempt to get Colby to sue, but she wasn't happy about it.

Diana sighed and examined herself closely in the mirror. She could still fit into most of her expensive business suits, but it wouldn't be long before she would have to go shopping for maternity clothes. The first signs of changes in her body were starting to manifest themselves.

Colby seemed to take great satisfaction in watching for them, but Diana found the changes disconcerting. She had always kept her figure firmly under control by dint of exercise and diet. But now her body seemed hellbent on following its own path. Just one more example of how her life had begun to slip out of control since she'd met Colby Savagar.

Nothing would ever be the same again.

She walked into the kitchen a few minutes later and found Colby stacking the breakfast dishes in the dishwasher.

He glanced up and surveyed her from head to foot, taking in the neat sophistication of her tawny brown hair, the small gold earrings, the cream-colored suit and silk blouse and the matching cream-colored heels. He grinned possessively.

"I wonder if you have any idea how intimidatingly professional you look when you're dressed for work," he said as he closed the dishwasher and leaned back against the counter. "A twentieth-century amazon warrior."

"Are you intimidated?"

His grin widened wolfishly and he folded his arms across his chest. "Do I look like the kind of man who'd let himself be intimidated by an amazon? Especially when I know I'm responsible for getting this particular amazon pregnant?"

Diana walked toward him, letting her hips sway with just enough emphasis to get his attention. She stopped very close to him and tapped her enameled nail against the side of his mouth. "Mr. Macho, hmm?"

He shrugged with fine modesty. "What can I say? When a man's got it, he might as well flaunt it."

"If I see you flaunting it in front of any other females, I'll show you just how much of an amazon I can be." Diana drew a quick little breath as the teasing threat left her lips. She was still new to the kind of games lovers play.

Colby's eyes narrowed swiftly. He made no attempt to hide the flare of masculine pleasure in his gaze. His voice lowered to a rough, sexy growl. "I love it when you go all primitive and jealous."

"Do you?"

"Yeah. Gets me hot." He unfolded his arms and put his hands around her waist. "What do you say we get in a quickie before you leave for work?"

"You've got a book to finish and I'm late." She kissed him briefly and stepped back. Her lashes lowered mischievously when she said, "Save it for me, tough guy. I'll see you later. Try not to get into an argument with Specter." She swung around and started to sashay out of the kitchen.

"Specter's not as dumb as I once thought. Ever since it dawned on him that I've now got control of his dog biscuits all day long, he's been negotiating for a truce."

"Don't abuse your power, Colby. Nobody likes a tyrant." Diana leaned down to scratch Specter's ears as he padded over to say goodbye.

Colby's voice stopped her just as she reached the door. His tone was no longer teasing or sexy.

"Diana, try leaving work on time this afternoon. You've been getting home later and later all week. Crown's sucking you back into the overtime routine. I don't like it."

Diana glanced back, her hand on the doorknob. "There's a major project on," she explained. "We're putting together semiannual financial forecasts."

"You mean Crown's using you to put it together."

"Colby, this sort of thing is what I do. It's my job."

"You already gave Carruthers and Yale enough overtime during the years you worked for them. Look how they rewarded you."

"I know, but this is important."

"I doubt it. Crown's trying to get his hooks back into you. He knows what buttons to push with you and he's doing it."

Irritation washed over Diana. "Don't be ridiculous. He needs everyone he's got on this project."

"He doesn't need you after four-thirty. Leave on time tonight, Diana. If you don't, he's just going to ask for more and more overtime."

"How do you know?" But deep down she was afraid Colby was right.

"I've got him figured and I don't like him. He's a user. He's got a notion he can use you. I want to make sure he gets the message that he can't. Not anymore."

"But, Colby..."

"You're a pregnant lady and you've got a husband. You've got other priorities now, Diana. Be home on time tonight."

Her chin came up angrily. "Let's get something straight, Colby. Just because you're my husband, that doesn't give you the right to tell me how to run my professional life."

"Someone has to. You don't seem to be able to run it on your own."

She wrenched open the door and walked out into the hall, fuming. If she hadn't been afraid of disturbing the neighbors, she would have slammed the door shut behind her. Instead she closed it far too softly. Then she strode angrily down the hall to the elevator and stabbed the call button.

This business of being married was proving complicated. Colby was getting much too dictatorial; that was all there was to it. He was arrogant, demanding and possessive. And he had taken a strong dislike to Aaron Crown.

What made matters so difficult was that Diana didn't completely disagree with him about her boss. Crown was sliding quickly back into the familiar groove of using her skills and talents as much as he wished.

In the past she'd been cooperative because she had believed she was working for her own future at Carruthers and Yale. Diana knew now that she was not, but her sense of professionalism was ingrained. She had always been a hard worker, ever since school. It was difficult to tell the boss that she could not put in the overtime he had come to expect from her.

But it was proving even more difficult to call Colby each afternoon and tell him she would be a little late.

On the one hand, she had to admit Colby was right. But on the other hand Diana was not about to admit it. She had been running her own life too long to just casually turn over the reins to someone else, especially a man.

The situation was shaping up into a confrontation she badly wanted to avoid.

It was a twenty-minute drive from her apartment complex to the downtown high rise where Carruthers and Yale had its corporate offices. As she parked her Buick in the garage and stepped into the elevator, Diana thought about how easily she had slipped back into the routine of her old job.

It was as if everything had been on hold, waiting for her to return. The fact that a great many projects were almost two months behind was odd, to say the least. It was also one of the reasons she had been working late all week. The professional side of her nature hated to get behind in her work.

At noon, Diana glanced up from her desk to see a familiar face.

"Want to go to lunch, or are you going to work right through the lunch hour again today?" Milly Sweeney asked.

Diana smiled regretfully. She had worked with Milly for nearly two years and liked her. The two women were about the same age and shared many of the same interests.

"I wish I could, Milly, but I've got to get through this summary today."

"I don't know why," Milly said bluntly. "It's been sitting around since the day you left on your leave of absence."

Diana sat back in her swivel chair and eyed her friend speculatively. "I know. Any idea why?"

"Sure. Come to lunch and I'll tell you," Milly advised cheerfully.

Diana hesitated and then got to her feet. "It's a deal."

Fifteen minutes later when they were both seated in a crowded downtown restaurant that catered to the business crowd, Diana put her menu down on the table.

"Okay, Milly, let's have it. Why are things in such a mess at the office?"

"Simple. I'll give you three guesses and the first two don't count."

"I don't want to play guessing games, Milly."

"All right, I'll give it to you straight. Things ground to a halt the day you left, and they've been barely squeaking along since then. Crown has been barely holding it together waiting for you to return. He let most of the really crucial stuff slide, hoping you'd return quickly. He never expected you to stay away as long as you did. He didn't realize you'

d be so upset about not getting that promotion. It came as a great shock to him."

Diana frowned. "But he must have known how I'd feel after I didn't get that new position."

Milly smiled pityingly. "You don't understand the corporate male psyche, my friend. I'll admit I don't always comprehend it myself, but after you left a couple of the finer nuances of Crown's mind-set became very clear."

"Such as?"

"Such as the fact that he honestly thought you'd stick around after you got turned down for the promotion. After all, your present job is a good one. You've already risen higher than most of the other female employees of C and Y, and he figures you ought to be damned grateful. You've always shown every sign of corporate loyalty. You've always been more than willing to make the boss look good. You have, to be blunt, been the perfect corporate female. How was he to know you would take deep offense when you were turned down for a promotion?"

"What in the world did he expect me to do?" Diana demanded forcefully.

"He expected you to go on playing the role of hardworking, faithful employee and be grateful to have gotten as far as you had," Milly said.

Diana stared at her and then, in spite of herself, a tiny, rueful smile curved her mouth. "It does sound a bit like playing the classic role of being a good, faithful wife while I thank my lucky stars I've got a ring on my finger, doesn't it?"

Milly grinned. "That's exactly how men expect women to behave in the corporate world - as wives. We're supposed to dress nicely, be deferential to males, work hard and not make too many demands. And in some cases, the male bosses even get upset if you don't agree to sleep with them. But above all, we're supposed to know our place and stay in it. Come on, Diana, you know all this as well as I do. You're not naive."

"I know. But I had thought things would be different with Aaron Crown. He always seemed so supportive."

"The reason Aaron has risen so fast during the past four years and has taken you with him is because you've made him look fabulous. The truth is, he's just another pretty face. Very good at playing the corporate game, but no real solid ability to back it up. He feeds on people like you who can make him look good."

"I realize that, but I still thought I could get what I wanted out of the deal."

"Not likely. He's taken all the credit for the financial turnaround in our division. You know as well as I do that he's not the kind to share the glory. Why should management promote you when they believed it was all Crown's doing?

Besides, who would believe that it was a woman who was responsible for the changes that had taken place?"

"I'll admit a part of me was curious to see how Aaron would get on without me, but to tell you the truth I assumed he'd find someone else to take my place."

"He hasn't been looking for anyone else," Milly said.

"He was that sure I'd return?"

"Yup. He was that sure. And he was right, wasn't he?"

Diana smiled slowly. "In a way."

"What's that sneaky smile supposed to mean?"

"There have been a few changes in my life since I left C and Y, Milly."

"I know. You're married. That came as a real shock to the Crown Prince, let me tell you. He was stunned when he found out."

"That's not the only change. I'm pregnant."

Milly's jaw dropped. "You're what?"

"You heard me. I only came back to good old C and Y because I wanted to work until the baby arrives. Then I'll be quitting for good."

Milly's eyes lit up with laughter. "Does Crown know?"

"Nope. But I'm sure he'll figure it out when I start wearing maternity clothes into the office."

"And you won't be coming back to work at Carruthers and Yale after the baby is born?"

Diana shook her head. "Not a chance. I hadn't intended to come back at all after my leave of absence. I was job-hunting. Why should I want to work there permanently? There's no future for a woman at C and Y."

Milly grinned. "You realize, of course, that this is the perfect feminine revenge. It's going to drive Crown insane when he realizes you're only using your job as temporary fill-in work until you have the baby. He'll start working on you right away to get you to change your mind."

"About having the baby? It's a little late for that."

"No, Diana," Milly said patiently, "not about having the baby. About coming back to work for him just as soon as your maternity leave is over."

"No way," Diana said calmly.

Milly studied her for a minute and then picked up her salad fork. "How's married life?"

"You should know. You've been married twice."

"True, but I'm still curious. Somehow I always assumed you'd manage to avoid the fate altogether. You never seemed particularly interested in getting married."

"Things change," Diana murmured.

"And getting pregnant so quickly. That surprises me, too. I didn't think you were the maternal type."

"I didn't think I was, either," Diana admitted dryly. "I assure you, I was as shocked as everyone else is going to be."

Something in her tone must have cued Milly. Her friend looked at her, a slow grin shaping her lips.

"No," said Milly. "Don't tell me it was an accident? At your age? And you decided to marry because of it? Nobody does that these days."

"I've got news for you, Milly. There are still a few men around who insist on doing the right thing."

"And the one who got you pregnant was one of that rare breed?"

"Uh-huh."

"I wonder if there are any more where he came from," Milly said wistfully.

At four-fifteen that afternoon, Aaron Crown paused in the doorway of Diana's office. The fluorescent light gleamed on his gilded head and bounced off his very white teeth as he smiled.

"Looks like another long day, doesn't it, Diana? Hope you don't mind staying over for a couple of hours. That report is already several weeks late. I'd like to have it on Rensley's desk Wednesday morning."

Diana took a breath. She had known this was coming. She also knew she could not pick up the phone and tell Colby she would be late again tonight. "I'm sorry, Aaron, I won't be able to work late this evening." She tried a friendly smile. "The demands of married life, you know."

Aaron looked troubled. "That report is crucial, Diana. You know that."

"I'll get back to it first thing in the morning," she assured him. "I can have it done by Friday."

"Rensley will be a lot more impressed with this department if we get it in by Wednesday."

Diana looked at him, and for the first time she was conscious of a curious sense of freedom. This job was not the most important thing in the world. She'd walked away from it once, and she was planning to walk away from it again in a few months. She didn't have to put up with Aaron Crown's quiet coercion.

"Tell me something, Aaron. Which of us will he be impressed with, if this report reaches his desk by Wednesday?

You or me?"

Anger flashed briefly in Crown's expression. "What's that supposed to mean? You know I've always shared credit with my staff."

"Apparently sharing the credit wasn't enough to get me that last promotion. Let's face it, Aaron. There's nothing in this for me. Why should I bother to work overtime just so you can get this report to Rensley by Wednesday?"

Aaron was completely taken aback. "I thought you were a professional, Diana."

"I am. And my professional opinion of this job is that it's a dead end. Therefore, I will only work the hours for which I'm paid. No more overtime. I've got other things to do with my life."

"What's the matter with you?" he snapped. "This isn't like you. You've never had this kind of attitude before."

"I guess marriage has corrupted me," she said, amused by his anger. She glanced at her watch. "I've got ten minutes left. Do you want me to spend them working on this report or chatting with you?"

"Who the hell do you think you are?" Aaron stormed furiously.

"I'm the same person I always was, but there have been a few changes in my life. I've had to reorganize my priorities."

"What's the matter? You can't wait to get home to hop into bed with that new husband of yours? Is that it?"

Aaron took two steps into the office, his face a mask of fury. "You should have told me months ago that you weren't getting what you needed in bed. I could have handled that end of things for you. It's just that you always seemed so damned frigid - I got the impression you weren't interested in sex."

"Stop it, Aaron;" she said crisply, getting to her feet to collect her coat and purse. "You're totally out of line."

"Damn you, I need that report by Wednesday."

"Then you'll have to stay late and work on it yourself." She started to slip into her coat.

"You can't do this to me, you little bitch." He reached for her.

Diana was so startled by his hand on her shoulder that she yelped, more in surprise than real pain. It was when she swung around with an angry protest that she saw Colby materialize in the doorway behind Aaron.

"Get your hands off of her, you bastard," Colby snarled. He was already moving through the doorway, leaping toward Aaron Crown.

"Colby! No! Don't hit him. I don't want you hurt again." Diana grabbed Colby's arm. He shook her off as if she were nothing more than a kitten.

"You stupid son of a..." Aaron lashed out blindly as Colby spun him around. His clenched fist caught Colby on the shoulder.

Colby didn't seem to notice the blow. He used his grip on Crown to send him spinning up against the wall. Crown hit it with a thud and sank to his knees.

"Get your things," Colby said to Diana. "Take everything you need. You're not coming back." He looked at her as if he expected an argument.

Diana said nothing. She finished putting on her coat, collected a few personal items from the drawers of her desk and picked up her purse. Then she picked up a red pen and scrawled her resignation across the face of the report she had been working on for Aaron.

Crown inched his way to his feet, using the wall for support. He glared at Colby with baleful eyes. "You'll pay for this," he hissed.

"Not likely," Colby said carelessly. "If you do decide to go to the cops, tell them you were manhandling my woman before I ever laid a hand on you. If you don't explain that part, I will. Come on, Diana, let's get out of here."

"You can't leave, Diana," Aaron hissed, "If you do, I guarantee you'll never work here or anywhere else in this town again."

Diana looked at him. "This is some kind of macho power play, isn't it? But you don't have the power to keep me from getting a job outside of C and Y and I don't like macho power plays, Aaron. They bore me." She started toward the door, conscious of Colby close behind her.

"I was right about you," Aaron yelled at her. "You didn't deserve that promotion. It's a good thing for this company that I talked management out of giving it to you two months ago. I told them you weren't ready for it. I told them you were just another flighty woman who wasn't really interested in a long-range career, that you were perfectly content where you were."

Diana whirled around. "You told management I wasn't ready for that promotion? That's why I didn't get: the position?"

"And I was right to do it, wasn't I? You've proved me right. You ran out and got married to the first man who'd have you, and now all you can think about is getting home early every night to screw your new husband. You're not management material. You're just a thirty-four-year-old spinster who's finally discovered regular sex. Obviously you can't get enough of it."

Colby started to swing back toward Aaron. Diana stopped him with a hand on his arm. This time he hesitated, glancing down at her.

"I'll handle this," she said firmly. She could feel the muscles bunched in his shoulders, but he didn't argue. He stood waiting as she stepped around him and went to stand a couple of feet from Aaron.

"I've got news for you," she said smoothly, her eyes brilliant with anger, "I am not only going home to be with my husband, I am going home to prepare for my baby. And you're quite right. Both of them are far more important than my job here at C and Y."

He stared at her, openmouthed. "You're pregnant? Pregnant?"

"That's right, Aaron. I only came back to Carruthers and Yale because I needed a short-term, fill-in job. A little work to fill in the time until I was ready to resign permanently. Come on, Aaron. What did you expect? You didn't really think I'd come back here to work on a full-time basis for you, did you? After what happened a couple of months ago? I knew then there was no future for me here. I never intended to come back at all until I got pregnant."

"Why you little..."

"Say it and I'll rip your tongue out and feed it to you." Colby's voice was very even.

"Get out of here," Aaron snarled. "Both of you. Go on. Get out of here."

"We're on our way," Colby said agreeably. He took Diana's arm and steered her toward the door.

Diana didn't resist. She was suddenly very eager to leave. But when she saw the ring of curious faces out in the hall, she couldn't hold back a cheeky grin.

"I leave him to you with my compliments. Just don't trust him any farther than you can throw him."

"We heard," Milly said. "So he was the one who kept you from getting that promotion. That fits when you think about it. He can't afford to lose you, Diana. He's just barely smart enough to know that."

Behind Diana, the door to her office slammed shut.

"The Crown Prince is not amused," Milly observed. She grinned at her friend. "Good luck, Diana. We'll miss you around here."

"You mean Aaron Crown will miss her," muttered another man. "Crown got used to relying on Diana to save his bacon. I'll bet he doesn't last six months without her. Especially when none of us is going to go out of our way to cooperate with him."

"Sounds like a good idea for an office pool," someone said. "I think I'll start a Guess the Date Aaron Crown is Forced Out Due to Incompetence Pool. Who wants in?"

As Colby walked Diana down the hall, she heard the concerted rush of her former co-workers surging forward to get into the newest office game.

Colby said nothing until they were outside the building. It wasn't until they reached her car in the garage that he spoke. "I know you're upset because returning to Carruthers and Yale didn't work out," he began gruffly as he took the key from her hand and slid in beside her. "But it's for the best. You heard that jerk - he deliberately sabotaged your promotion."

"What made you come by the office today, Colby?" she interrupted quietly. She was so tense her fingers were shaking.

"You know why I'm here." He guided the Buick out of the garage and into the traffic.

"You were going to make certain I followed orders and got home on time tonight. It may interest you to know I was preparing to leave at exactly four-thirty today." She clenched her fingers, trying to control their trembling.

Colby grunted. "I believe you probably intended to leave on time, but I'm not so sure you would have made it."

"I'd have made it. The reason Aaron was manhandling me, as you put it, was that I had just told him very firmly there would be no more overtime."

"It's finished. I don't want to argue about it any more."

"And that's the end of it?" she asked coolly. "You don't want to discuss it further, so we just dismiss the whole subject?"

"What's to talk about? You're not going back to Carruthers and Yale. You wrote that resignation out yourself. I didn't make you do it."

"I know." She lapsed into silence.

"Diana?"

"Yes?"

"Are you going to give me the silent treatment because of what happened today?" He sounded only mildly interested in her answer.

"You're the one who said you didn't want to talk about it."

"But that won't stop you from thinking about it and analyzing it and fretting over it, will it?"

"It's my career that's at stake here, Colby."

"And that's all you can think about?"

Anger shot through her. The last of her precious self-control snapped. She whipped around in the seat, her eyes blazing.

"It's not all I think about." She fought to keep her voice from rising. "I also spend a lot of time thinking about being married to a man who doesn't seem to understand how important it is to me to be able to support myself. When I've analyzed that to death, I spend hours thinking about this baby I'm carrying and trying to plan for a future I never expected."

"Take it easy, honey. You've been under a lot of stress lately."

"Stress? Is that what you call it? That's a wimpy term for what I've been feeling lately. Let me tell you what I've been going through. I can hardly get into my clothes anymore, Colby. I've been a size eight for fifteen years, and in another couple of weeks I won't be able to button my skirts or jeans. I've been browsing through the pregnancy section of the bookstores and realizing that I don't handle pain very well. I break out in a cold sweat while getting a shot of Novocain at the dentist's, for heaven's sake."

"You're scared, aren't you?" he said with sudden, unexpected insight. "One of the reasons you were so determined on going back to work until the baby arrives is that you thought it would help keep your mind off what's happening to you."

She closed her eyes and drew a steadying breath. "Yes, I'm scared. And yes, a job would have helped me cope.

But the fear isn't the worst of it. What's really getting to me is this awful sensation of being totally out of control."

"I know."

"No, you don't. Because you're totally in control. You always are. But look at me, Colby. I've lost control of my career, my body, my future and even my dreams."

"Honey, I've told you, I've had those cave dreams for years, and they're meaningless."

"Well, they're not meaningless to me. They're beginning to frighten me. It's not natural to share a recurring dream with someone else. I'm getting a horrible feeling that those dreams of ours are somehow linked to the fact that I'm pregnant."

"That's just your imagination," Colby said soothingly.

Tears burned in her eyes. She dashed them away with the back of her hand. "On top of everything else, I've even lost control of my emotions. Look at these stupid tears-."

Colby threw her a concerned glance as he eased the Buick into the apartment garage. "Pregnancy makes women very emotional. Don't worry about it."

'"Don't worry about it,' he says." Diana shoved open the car door and leaped out. She wiped away more tears as she hurried toward the elevator. "Don't worry about it. My whole life is coming apart and he tells me not to worry about it."

Colby caught up with her. He put an arm around her shoulders and pulled her against his side as he punched the call button. "As I said, it's just stress that's getting to you. You've been through a lot of changes in the past couple of months."

"So have you," she snapped. "I don't see you falling apart."

"You're not falling apart. You're just a little tense."

She glared up at him, her eyes brimming with tears. "Do you want some advice, Colby? Don't say another word."

He ignored her, squeezing her gently as he urged her into the elevator. "What you need is to take a nice hot shower, get into a robe and have a cup of tea or something while I get dinner on the table. You've had a hard day and you need to relax."

"Colby, I'm warning you. If you say anything else, I may scream. Don't treat me as if I were some silly, emotional, bubble-headed idiot."

He smiled. "I've never claimed you were an idiot. And you're never silly. You are, however, feeling a little emotional at the moment and it's perfectly understandable."

"Is it?" she asked with a dangerous expression.

"Sure." He moved a hand expansively. "Look at what you've been through this summer. You've lost a job. You've gotten pregnant. You've been forced to marry a man you hardly know..."

"I wasn't forced to marry you," she interrupted fiercely.

He gave her a small, admonishing shake. "Come on, honey. We both know you felt you had to marry me because of the baby."

"I didn't marry you because of the baby," she said, surprising herself with the steel in her voice.

"Yes you did," he contradicted easily. "I didn't give you any option and you wisely realized marriage was the only reasonable solution under the circumstances."

"Will you kindly shut up, Colby? I did not marry you because of the baby. I'm not saying I wouldn't have married you solely because of the baby. I mean, you were willing and you're a good man and you are the father and babies deserve the advantage of having both parents whenever possible, and I might have married you because of all those things. But those don't happen to be the reasons I did marry you."

"No?" He tugged her through the elevator doors as they opened and dug his keys out of his back pocket. "So why did you marry me?"

Diana could tell by the light tone of his voice that he was humoring her. It was the last straw. She dug in her heels and fixed him with a furious gaze. "I married you because I'm in love with you, you big dumb macho idiot. Now get out of my way. I want a hot shower and then I want my robe and slippers and then I want dinner. I've had a very hard day."

As soon as he'd opened the apartment door she rushed past him, dodging Specter's eager greeting, and fled down the hall to the sanctuary of the bathroom.

Colby stood staring after her for nearly a minute before he became aware of Specter's anxious whine. He switched his attention to the dog.

"I think," Colby announced, "that this calls for a beer and a dog biscuit. You want to join me?"

Specter followed him into the kitchen without protest.

Colby came awake hours later with the last few pages of Blood Mist as clear as crystal in his mind. It wasn't the first time he'd awakened with a sure knowledge of where he wanted to go next in a book, but it was rare to have it this detailed.

He lay still for a moment, conscious of Diana's sleek, soft warmth beside him. He didn't really want to leave the bed, but the need to get the ending of the book nailed down while it was fresh in his mind was too strong to ignore.

He waited for a little while longer, going over the details of the scene, and then slid quietly out of bed. He reached for his jeans. He hesitated, gazing down at the sleeping woman in the bed and trying not to think about what she had said earlier while she had been in the grip of an emotional storm.

A man could drive himself crazy dwelling on the real meaning behind a woman's emotional outbursts.

Specter heaved himself to his feet and padded silently after Colby as he went down the hall to the front room.

A few minutes later Colby was staring at the glowing computer screen, his fingers moving quickly over the keys.

The roar of the water was a never ending crescendo of sound. It filled the whole world, cutting off everything that was normal, reasonable, rational. He was in another universe, another time and place and he had to play by the new rules if he and the woman and the unborn child were to survive.

The granite was slippery. In the omnipresent darkness the water that flowed over every surface looked as black as moonlit blood and was just as treacherous. Banner scrabbled for purchase as he fought his way up the narrow, sloping ledge toward the cave entrance. He could hear nothing except the thundering water, see nothing except the hulking shadow of the slick rock wall that concealed the cave.

He could not risk a flashlight. He could not risk warning the evil that waited in the cave.

A gust of wind drove water into his face, blinding him even more effectively than the darkness. He wiped his eyes on the sleeve of his sodden shirt and moved forward another few feet.

Then, without any warning, his groping fingers touched empty space and he froze. He was standing at the great yawning mouth of the cave.

He stared into the dark pit, aware of the silent summons from the hidden grotto. She was waiting for him there. He had to get to her. But first he had to get past whatever it was that threatened her. After all these years he would finally learn the truth. He was no longer certain he wanted to know the answer.

"Colby?"

He was startled by the sound of Diana's voice. He turned around and found her standing near his desk, wrapped in her robe. Her face reflected the faint, eerie glow of the computer screen and he could read the concern in her eyes.

"Hi, honey. Didn't mean to wake you. I got a couple of ideas for finishing the book and thought I'd better get them down while they were fresh in my mind."

"I suppose a professional writer has to take advantage of a burst of inspiration when it strikes." She came closer.

"Bursts of inspiration are damned rare in this business." He smiled faintly. "You make use of them when you're lucky enough to get them."

"Don't you have them all the time? Isn't that how the creative process works?"

He shook his head. "Unfortunately, no. A book gets written through sheer, unadulterated hard work, sweat and perseverance. Anyone who sat around waiting for inspiration to strike would probably take ten years to finish a book, if he finished it at all."

She smiled slightly. "Sounds a little like real work."

"Yeah. That's exactly what it is."

"Well, that certainly ruins the image, doesn't it? Can I read what you've written?"

"If you like."

She stepped closer and peered down at the screen. He felt her tension as she recognized the setting.

"That's our cave dream you're writing," she whispered.

"Not quite. It's a modern story. Our dreams seem to involve that old legend about the Chained Lady. But I'll admit there are some similarities. I told you soon after I met you that I got the idea for this story from my dreams and from memories of the first night I spent in Chained Lady Cave."

"You said that the experience terrified you as nothing else ever had," Diana said musingly. "You also told me once that you knew the writing was going well when your fantasies scared even you."

Colby shrugged. "That's right."

"Colby, how is it going to end?" she asked tensely. "Have you dreamed the ending?"

"No." He grinned briefly. "That would be too easy. Writers never get off that easily. But I've got a feeling about it, and I can structure the last part of the plot based on it."

"Banner has to rescue the heroine, right? She's trapped in the grotto?"

"Right."

"Have you decided what it is that's menacing her?" Diana asked.

"Just a standard, run-of-the-mill cave monster."

"Colby, please. Tell me the truth."

He caught the thread of fear in her voice and was instantly contrite. "Hey, take it easy, honey. The villain is something of my own creation, not something from our dreams. I told you, all I got from the dream was an idea, a feeling of fear that I can translate into a fantasy and a setting."

"You're sure you haven't seen something in our dreams? A real monster? Colby, if you have, you've got to tell me."

"No. If I had, I wouldn't have to work so hard to think one up."

But he didn't want to tell her the rest. He didn't want to explain how the sense of menace from the cave was stronger in his dreams these days. The desperate, pleading longing from the hidden grotto was still present but the danger in the outer cave was becoming the main component of his dreams. If that overwhelming feeling of threat got much more intense, Colby knew the dreams would cross the boundary from disturbing to nightmarish.

"I should let you get back to work." Diana took a step back. "I didn't mean to interrupt you."

"Don't worry about it. Want some hot chocolate?" He got to his feet.

"If you're going to have some." She traipsed after him as he headed for the kitchen. "When I woke up and found you gone, I got a little nervous, I guess."

He stopped and dropped a quick kiss on her forehead. "That just shows how well you're adjusting."

"Adjusting to what?"

"Married life. You're getting used to sleeping with me on a regular basis. You're getting so accustomed to it that now you feel strange when you're alone in bed." He opened the refrigerator. Specter trotted over and stood perusing the contents with him.

"Colby?" Diana sat down at the kitchen table and tucked her feet into the warmth of her robe.

"Yeah?"

"I'm sorry I embarrassed you earlier when I told you I loved you."

He went still for a second and then forced himself to continue preparing the hot chocolate. He reached for the milk.

"Don't worry about it. You didn't embarrass me. You were, what's the old-fashioned term? Overwrought. As I said, pregnant ladies tend to be emotional. Remember that last book I brought home from the library? The one that talked about mood swings in the early months of pregnancy?"

"You think that's what happened to me today? I went through a mood swing and got overly emotional?"

She sounded as though she might get angry again. Colby tried to soothe her. "You've been through a lot lately."

"Not enough to addle my wits completely," she said tartly. "Besides, I knew I was in love with you weeks ago.

Why in hell do you think I went to bed with you the first time or all the times after that, including that night in the cave?"

Colby stopped stirring the hot milk. "Diana, you never said anything about love."

"Of course I didn't. I wouldn't have said anything today, either, if I'd been in control of myself. Colby, I really hate this feeling of being out of control. You don't know how hard it is for me to accept that my whole life is running wild and that there's not much I can do about it."

Colby turned around, his own emotions suddenly precarious. Diana was staring out the window at the city lights, her chin cradled on her palm. She was idly stroking Specter with her other hand. Her tawny hair was tumbled around her shoulders and her bare feet gave her an air of sweet vulnerability. She looked like a very forlorn little amazon tonight, he thought. He wondered if she had any idea of how far he would go to protect her.

"Diana, you don't have to tell yourself you're in love."

"Why not? We're married." Her head came around, her eyes searching his face. "And we're going to stay married, aren't we? At least for the foreseeable future?"

"You're damned right we're going to stay married." He heard the harsh certainty in his own voice.

"Then where's the harm in my telling you I love you?"

"The harm lies in the fact that you might wind up fooling yourself and me as well."

Her eyes widened. "You don't believe me, do you?"

He ran his hand through his hair. "Diana, listen to me. You've been under too much stress lately. I've explained to you that at this stage of your pregnancy you're going to go through a whole range of emotions. It's all right. You're not responsible for them. I just don't want you to say things you'll regret later."

"The milk's burning."

"We're both adults, Diana," he went on seriously. "We don't need to feed each other the kind of silly romantic fiction teenagers need in order to justify having sex. We've got all we need for a solid marriage. There's no point in inventing a fantasy to romanticize our physical attraction."

"You'd better do something about the milk. It's burning."

"What?" He stared at her, feeling acutely stupid.

"I said the milk's burning." She got to her feet. "Never mind. I don't want any hot chocolate now, anyway. I'm going back to bed. Good luck with your book."

She yawned and padded out of the kitchen. Specter trailed after her.

Colby whirled around as the smell of burned milk finally got through to him.

"Damn it to hell." He dropped the sizzling pan into the sink and stood glowering at the black, gooey mass of burned milk. He realized he had a violent urge to put his fist through the nearest wall.

Diana wasn't the only one whose emotions were running too close to the surface these days.

Half an hour later, he realized he wasn't going to get any more done on Blood Mist that night. He knew where he wanted to go with the story, but his mood had been shattered. All he could think about was Diana lying alone in her bed.

With a small, disgusted exclamation, he turned off the computer and headed back down the hall to the bedroom.

Specter raised his big head from his paws briefly as Colby walked silently into the room. Then the dog went back to sleep.

Colby stepped out of his jeans and walked over to the bed. Summer moonlight mixed with the background glow of a city at night played over Diana's sheet-covered body. He could see the lush sweep of her hip and the gentle curve of her br**sts.

Her br**sts had become tender lately, Colby reminded himself. He was very careful now when he caressed her there or took one of her ni**les into his mouth.

He pulled back the sheet and eased into bed beside Diana. She turned toward him, seeking his warmth. Colby gathered her close, aware of the deep pleasure and satisfaction he experienced in knowing she sought him instinctively in her sleep.

He was old enough to know that love between a man and a woman was a fancy word designed for arrogant, self-indulgent teenagers who were driven by their hormones. He'd learned everything he needed to know about love at the age of nineteen. At forty, he was finally figuring out what he really needed and wanted in a woman. Diana could give those things to him and he would do his best to make her happy in return. If they both worked at it, they could make the marriage work. They didn't need to play word games.

But as his hand stroked slowly over her thigh, Colby wondered if perhaps she had a point. Where was the harm in letting her tell him that she loved him?

Perhaps it reassured her to say it. Women, even intelligent, mature women, sometimes liked the emotional trappings of romance. If she wanted to believe she was in love with him, if it helped her justify the situation into which she had been dropped and which clearly terrified her, who was he to deny her that simple relief?

"I thought you were going to write the rest of Blood Mist tonight?" Diana murmured, her voice husky with sleep.

"Ill finish it tomorrow." He drew the sheet slowly down to her waist and bent his head to kiss the peak of one breast. He was exquisitely careful with his teeth and his tongue, and his reward was the way Diana sighed and shifted in his arms.

"What is this? Am I a substitute for burned hot chocolate?" she asked with sleepy amusement.

"You're not a substitute for anything, sweetheart. You're you. And when I want you, nothing else will do." He brushed his fingertips through the silky fur below her softly curving belly.

She stretched slowly and languorously, her leg sliding between his. Her fingertips traveled down his chest to the hard shape of his waiting manhood. Colby sucked in his breath as she stroked him gently. He lifted his head to capture her mouth. She parted her lips for him as she always did, assuring him once more of his welcome. She never failed to make him feel wanted, more wanted than he'd ever felt in his whole life.

"Diana?"

"Hmm?"

"Tell me you love me."

She stilled in his arms. Her eyes opened and she looked up at him through her lashes. "Why?"

"Because you're right. We're married. There's no harm in the words and I think I like hearing them."

"Do you think you'll ever be able to say the words back to me?" she asked.

He hesitated and then made his decision. "I'll say them, if you want me to. If it makes you happy."

"I'd like that," she whispered. "I'd like that very much. I love you, Colby."

"I love you." The words felt very rusty in his mouth.

"I think you need practice."

"I haven't said those words for twenty years, and I was wrong then."

"Practice makes perfect."

"If you say so."

Three months later Diana walked into the apartment with the basket of clean laundry she had just finished doing in the basement laundry room. She could barely get the door open, her hands were trembling so badly.

Colby came out of the kitchen, a mug of coffee in his hand, and stopped abruptly. "Diana. What the hell's the matter, honey? You're as white as a sheet. Here, sit down. Do you feel faint?" He put down the mug and came quickly across the room to take the basket of laundry. "I told you to wait until I could help you with the laundry."

"I'm supposed to be playing housewife, remember? Colby, I'm fine. Really."

"Sure you are. And I'm at the top of the New York Times bestseller list. Sit down. Are you dizzy? Want me to call your doctor?"

"No, please, I'm okay. Just a little traumatized."

"What happened?" His eyes narrowed. "Did someone harass you in the basement?"

"Of course not. There's never been any trouble in the laundry facility in this building. Stop worrying, Colby. I'm okay. Honest."

"Then what made you barn pale like this?" he demanded.

"I just had a lovely chat with Jennifer Landsdown from 301."

He frowned. "Is that the young woman who had her baby last month?"

"Right. First time I've seen her since she got home from the hospital. She was doing her laundry alongside me this afternoon. Couldn't wait to share her experience with me."

Colby groaned. "I think I'm beginning to get the drift. What did that chatty little twerp tell you?"

"The chatty little twerp gave me a blow-by-blow description of her entire delivery from the onset of labor straight through to the gory end. You should have been there, Colby. You could have used her descriptions somewhere in your next book."

"Wait until I get my hands on her."

"Why? I'm sure she only told me the truth." Diana took a deep breath and sank down onto the sofa. She looked down at her rounded stomach and thought about what Jennifer had just finished explaining to her in graphic detail. "I got it all, Colby, from ruptured membranes and uncontrollable shaking to a detailed account of torn flesh, heavy bleeding and afterpains."

Colby's mouth crooked wryly. "Sounds like little Jennifer had a field day terrorizing you."

"Her final words of advice had to do with all those pregnancy books you've been bringing home from the library."

"What's wrong with them?" Colby was incensed. "They were recommended by your doctor."

"Jennifer read them, too. You know all those parts that use descriptions such as 'discomfort' and 'intense' to describe labor?"

"What about them?"

"Apparently words like discomfort and intense are euphemisms for unbelievable, unrelenting, extreme agony. I have to tell you, Colby, I am not good at handling unbelievable, unrelenting, extreme agony."

"That's why they invented anesthetics," Colby said hardily.

"They aren't very free with the anesthetics, according to Jennifer. Too little and too late, she says. They're afraid of the effects on the baby. Mostly you just have to tough it out."

"Come on, honey," Colby coaxed. "You've talked to your doctor about your fears. She told you what to expect."

"Jennifer says the doctors lie because they don't want to scare off all their patients. She says all her women friends who'd had babies deliberately lied to her about what to expect, too. Jennifer says that's because there's some sort of unspoken agreement among mothers not to frighten the women who have yet to go through the process. I gather it's like a rite of passage. Once you're through it, you don't tell the uninitiated the whole truth. You just give them a little song and dance about how the pain of childbirth is quickly forgotten."

"But Jennifer the Twerp has decided to set the record straight?"

Diana grimaced. "She's vowed to tell the truth to others who are about to follow in her footsteps so that we won't all go into it as naive and unsuspecting as she was."

"Jennifer looks as if she's about twenty-four years old, if that. Are you going to let yourself be traumatized by a woman who's ten years younger than you?"

"That's another thing. Jennifer says she's heard that labor is a lot harder on older women." Diana glared at Colby as she saw his mouth twitch. "What's so funny?"

"You are. For a businesswoman, you certainly have a vivid imagination. I can't believe you stood there and let that kid scare you half to death like this."

"Thanks for the sympathy."

"Honey, you know I'm sympathetic. You also know I'll be right beside you when the time comes. And so will your doctor and a whole bunch of nurses and trained medical personnel. You'll have all the facilities of a first-class hospital.

Babies get born every day in that hospital. You're going to do just fine."

Diana touched her stomach. "I don't have much choice, do I?" She grabbed his hand and kissed his palm quickly.

"Thanks. You always seem to know the right things to say to me. And you're quite right. I should never have listened to Jennifer. I don't know how I'd get through this without you, Colby."

"You wouldn't be going through it in the first place, if it wasn't for me."

There was a short, taut silence.

"It was a mutual endeavor, as I recall." She did not like it when the reality of the reason behind their marriage was brought out into the open. Most of the time it stayed discreetly out of sight these days. Colby was as careful as she was not to bring it up. But once in a while it slipped out, usually as a joke that fell flat.

"Diana?"

"I'd better get to that laundry. Got to earn my keep around here." She started to struggle out of the thick-cushioned sofa. It was getting harder and harder to move about easily. Gone was the old familiar sense of energetic flexibility and womanly grace she had always taken for granted. She wondered sadly if it would ever return.

Colby reached down to assist her to her feet. "You do more than earn your keep and you know it. Is being a wife and expectant mother all that bad?"

"Heavens, no," she said lightly as she picked up the laundry basket. "Why, if I'd known what a cushy job this housewife business was, I'd have thought about enlisting ages ago." She started down the hall.

"You won't be calling it a cushy job after the baby gets here," Colby warned behind her.

"So I've been told. Jennifer filled me in on that part, too. Apparently I will turn into a walking zombie, what with night feedings, postpartum depression and colic."

Colby swore softly. "I really am going to shake the stuffing out of that little bubble-brain the next time I see her. By the way, Brandon called. He and some friends came up from Eugene for the weekend. He invited himself over for dinner and a night on the sofa. Is that okay with you?"

"Certainly." Diana smiled suddenly. "But I'll have to go shopping. I don't think we have enough food in the house to feed more than half a dozen or so people. We'll need provisions for a battalion if Brandon's going to be here. Did you get any more ideas for your next book proposal?"

"Yeah. While you were letting Jennifer terrify you, I got a couple of ideas I think I can use."

"Do you realize it's nearly Christmas?"

"What about it?"

"I was just thinking how quickly time flies," Diana said.

"When you're having fun, you mean?" There was a soft, goading edge in Colby's voice.

"Something like that," she agreed wryly.

"Diana?"

"Yes, Colby?"

"Has it been so bad, these past few months?"

She turned at the end of the corridor and saw him standing at the other end, his legs braced, hands on his hips.

There were times when he seemed to challenge her, as if he wanted a clean, hot battle. He was good at winning battles.

Her face softened. "No, Colby, it hasn't been so bad. Thanks to you. You've made it all a lot easier than it would have been if I'd had to face it on my own. I won't ever forget that." She hurried into the bedroom, dumped the laundry onto the bed and began sorting socks.

She had discovered an odd thing about men's socks. They almost never matched.

Several hours later Brandon dropped into a chair at the dining-room table and eyed the huge pan of spinach and feta cheese lasagna sitting in the center with keen anticipation.

"Who made it, Diana?" he demanded with a grin as he helped himself to a large slice. "You or Dad?"

"I did." Diana glanced at Colby. "Colby washed the spinach, though."

"I remember the days when the only dish you could make was stir-fried vegetables," Brandon said. "You've come a long way, if you don't mind my saying so."

"Thank you."

"Not that your stir-fried vegetables and rice weren't terrific," Brandon added quickly. "But a man needs something that will stick to the ribs once in a while, you know?"

"I'm learning," Diana agreed. "Under your father's expert tutelage, I have become a whiz at reading cookbooks, clipping coupons and shopping for something besides vegetables."

"I'm going to turn her into a wife yet," Colby said with a grin. "She's getting very good at catering to a man's needs."

There was nothing like actually living with a man to teach a woman about male needs, Diana reflected. When she caught Colby looking at her with a sardonic expression, she knew he was reading her mind. Lately he'd gotten better and better at that kind of silent communication. So had she.

"So how's the apartment-hunting going?" Brandon asked conversationally.

Colby cut himself a chunk of lasagna. "We made a decision. Signed the lease last week. We'll move in on the first of January. It's a house, though, not an apartment. Three bedrooms and a den."

"A darling little yellow and white Victorian that's been completely remodeled," Diana explained eagerly. "Colby can have his own space for writing and there will be a room for the baby and a spare for you. Even Specter will like it. He'll have a real yard to dig up."

"Diana took one look at it and fell in love," Colby explained dryly. But it was obvious he was pleased by her show of enthusiasm.

"Took you guys long enough. You've been looking for months."

"House-hunting is hard work," Colby said. "And the next few months are also going to be busy. There are a lot of things to do to the place before the baby arrives."

"Well, at least you haven't had a chance to get bored with the housewife routine, huh, Diana?" Brandon gave her a curious glance. "Between house-hunting, learning how to cook something besides stir-fried vegetables and getting ready for the baby, I'll bet you've hardly missed your old job."

"You're right," Colby answered for her. "She's hardly had time to miss it. Have some salad, Brandon."

"Huh?" Brandon blinked at the huge bowl that was being held out to him. Automatically he took it. "Oh, sure.

Thanks." His gaze swung back to Diana. "Given any thought to what you'll do after the baby is born?"

"As a matter of fact, I have," Diana said, aware that Colby was eyeing her warily. She hadn't talked to him about her plans because he rarely seemed inclined to discuss her working future. "Remember that conversation we had one evening back in Fulbrook Corners, Brandon? The one where you asked me how I could ever get away from the problem of sexual discrimination in the business world?"

Brandon nodded. "I remember. You said the only answer might be to open your own business." He glanced up suddenly. "Is that what you're going to do?"

"I'm thinking about it. I have all the skills I need to set myself up as a financial consultant to small businesses.

Maybe I could specialize in helping women-owned businesses. There's an office complex near our new house where I could rent space. I'd be able to get home early every day as well as at lunchtime. There's a woman I used to work with at C and Y, Milly Sweeney, who might like to go into partnership with me."

"Sounds great," Brandon said with a genuine show of enthusiasm.

Colby looked at Diana. "Why haven't you bothered to mention all these great ideas to me until now?"

"Because you never want to talk about my future," she responded with a small shrug. "Whenever I try to bring it up, you change the topic."

"We talk about your future, our future, all the time. We've talked about where we're going to live, what we'll need for the baby, whether you're going to breast-feed, all kinds of things, damn it."

Brandon glanced at his father's set face, and then he grinned at Diana. "Don't mind him, Diana. Dad doesn't know much about having a wife, least of all a modern sort of wife. But he's learning fast."

Colby turned a scowl on his son. "Since when are you an expert?"

Brandon held up both hands, at shoulder height, in a mocking gesture of surrender. "Hey... no offense intended. It

's just that you're not quite as forward-thinking as you like to believe you are, Dad. I hate to be the one to tell you this, but you're real old-fashioned in a lot of ways."

"Is that right?" Colby's brows rose ominously.

"Afraid so. It's obvious to anyone who knows either of you that there was bound to be a, uh, difficult period of adjustment, after you got married. But I'm pleased to say you both seem to be doing very well."

"Listen to him." Colby helped himself to another thick chunk of lasagna. "My son, the twenty-year-old marriage counselor."

Diana smiled conspiratorially at Brandon. "I agree with you, he is adjusting fairly well, all things considered."

"Thank you, Madam Wife."

The humor left Brandon's face a few minutes later. "I wanted to talk to you about Christmas, Dad."

"What about it?"

"Well, I was wondering if you'd mind if I didn't spend it with you and Diana."

"You and some of your friends have found something more interesting to do this year than spend Christmas with your families, hmm?" Colby didn't seem concerned. "Where are you going? Mexico?"

Brandon cleared his throat. "Not exactly. I was thinking about going to Fulbrook Corners."

Colby's forkful of lasagna stopped halfway to his mouth. He lowered it slowly, his eyes suddenly very cold. "What the hell for?"

Brandon shifted uneasily in his chair. He glanced at Diana for support. "Well, I got this call from Grandmother yesterday. She, uh, sort of invited me to spend Christmas with her."

"The hell she did."

"Dad, I'm not all that keen on driving up to Fulbrook Corners to spend the day with her, but I got the feeling she'll be real lonely. There's no one else for her to be with. There hasn't been anyone for her to spend Christmas with in years. You'll have Diana and Diana's mom. I could drive up and back on Christmas Day. In fact, I could probably be back here by early evening."

"Forget it. You're not going." Colby's voice was utterly lacking in inflection. He picked up the loaf of sourdough bread and tore off a slice.

Brandon looked down at his plate. "Would it really be such a big deal?"

"That old witch is laying a guilt trip on you, Brandon. You owe her nothing. She's the one who ignored your existence for nineteen years."

"I think she's changed."

"I don't care if she sprouts wings, a halo and learns how to fly. You're not driving up to Fulbrook Corners for Christmas."

"But, Dad..."

"I said no. That's the end of it. You can go to Mexico with your friends, or Hawaii, or Taos if you don't want to spend the holidays here, but you're not going to Fulbrook Corners."

Diana heard the intractable tone and recognized it instantly. Five months of living with the man had taught her what it meant. When Colby was in this mood, there was no point pushing or cajoling or trying to reason with him.

She met Brandon's eyes across the table. His mouth tightened but he said nothing. Brandon knew his father even better than she did.

With a wifely skill she didn't even realize she had developed, Diana deftly changed the subject. Both men followed her lead but the mood had changed. Brandon left shortly before nine o'clock, saying he was going to a film with his friends. He took a key with him. Diana did not bring up the subject of Fulbrook Corners again.

At one-thirty that morning, her subconscious mind brought it up for her. She found herself in the middle of the dream.

It was pitch-black and the pain was coming in endless tidal waves. She would be safe here in the grotto only as long as she stayed silent. She had to fight to keep from screaming in agony. If she cried out, the night terror that hunted her would find her. She and the baby would both die.

She must hold on until the warrior reached her....

"Colby. Colby?" Diana came awake, aware that she was damp with perspiration.

"Right here, honey." His arms moved around her, gathering her close against him. He stroked his fingers through her hair, brushing it gently back from her face. "It's okay. Just that goddamned dream again."

She shivered and clung to him. "It was different this time. There was more urgency. I was very aware of the baby.

In fact, I was in pain. There was blood."

"Sounds like Jennifer's conversation in the laundry room managed to affect your dreams."

"I guess so." She relaxed slowly as Colby's palm soothed her. Instinctively she began stroking him with a similar calming motion. They were getting in the habit of comforting each other after waking up from the dreams. "How was yours?"

"The same. I was still climbing the path to the cave. There was a little more urgency involved than last time but other than that, things were about the same."

He was lying. She could feel the rigidity of his muscles. "Colby, they're turning into nightmares, aren't they? And they're getting more frequent. What are we going to do? Maybe we should get counseling or something."

"We don't need a shrink. They're just dreams. Besides, what shrink would believe we're having the same dreams at the same times?"

It wasn't the first time they'd had this conversation. It never got beyond this point. Diana knew Colby's dreams were getting worse, just as hers were.

"Maybe it's just stress," Diana offered. "Maybe they'll let up after the baby arrives."

"Yeah. Maybe."

Diana waited a few more minutes until she felt him unwinding under her touch. Then she asked the question she hadn't dared ask earlier.

"Why did you jump down Brandon's throat tonight when he asked if he could go to Fulbrook Corners for Christmas? I thought you'd accepted the fact that he was forming a relationship with his grandmother."

"I don't want him driving alone to Fulbrook Corners, and I sure as hell don't want to go with him. So he doesn't go."

"Why don't you want him going up to the mountains alone? He's driven that road often enough. You've never worried about it before."

Colby grew tight again. He folded his arm behind his head and stared at the ceiling. "The subject is closed, Diana."

"I see. By your edict, it's closed. Just like that. With no reasonable explanation to any of the other parties involved."

"You got it."

She winced at the edge in his words. "Right. I got it." Her hand fell away from him and she turned onto her side, her back toward him. Specter came over to the bed and nuzzled her inquiringly. She scratched his ears, aware of Colby's tension. "Colby?"

"Yeah?"

"I don't know how to say this, but..."

"But what?"

"I've been thinking about going back to Fulbrook Corners, too. In fact, I think about it a lot."

"What is this? You fell in love with that dump of a town or something?" Colby demanded, exasperated.

"No. It's not that. But lately I've been thinking I would like to visit it again. Soon, Colby."

"That's crazy. It's the dream."

Diana blinked. "Yes, I think you're right. The feeling about Fulbrook Corners is connected to the dream. Have you had the same feeling? That maybe we ought to go back?"

"I've had it. I'm ignoring it." Colby's voice was grim. "And so will you, is that clear? We're not going to let that damned dream dictate our actions."

Diana sighed. "Whatever you say."

"How long are you going to hold this stupid argument against me?" Colby asked after an endless moment.

"I'm not holding anything against you. Whatever your reasons, I know you think that what you're doing is right. I just don't understand why you won't let Brandon go see his grandmother, that's all. And neither does Brandon."

He sighed. "I've been wrong before. I might be wrong this time."

"Always a possibility," Diana agreed promptly. "You could try discussing the matter with me instead of staying locked behind your wall of outdated, patriarchal machismo."

"Patriarchal machismo?"

"Brandon was right this evening. In some ways you're very old-fashioned, Colby."

He moved, catching her by the shoulder and turning her onto her back so that she lay gazing up at him. "And you'

re so damned modern, aren't you?"

She touched his face. "No, not really. I don't think of myself as old-fashioned or modern or anything else. I'm just me."

He stared down at her for a long time. "Still think you love me?"

Time flickered for an instant, the darkness of the past merging with the shadows of the present. Diana saw the warrior looking out at her from Colby's eyes; she felt the challenge from him and the urgent need that underlined that challenge, and she smiled faintly. She was getting accustomed to this strange melding of an ancient legend with a modern one. Colby would always be part warrior to her.

"Yes, Colby. I still think I love you."

"Show me."

The longing in his voice caught at her emotions. "All right." She put her hands on either side of his hard face and brought his mouth down to hers.

"Diana."

She opened her mouth for him, and he groaned deep in his chest as he took the offering. When she slid her palms down his back and sank her fingers into the deep, strong muscles of his bu**ocks, Colby shuddered.

His hand rested possessively on her rounded belly, and he was very gentle as he took one of her ni**les into his mouth.

"You're always so careful with me," she whispered. "So tender."

"I'll always take care of you," he vowed. "You can trust me, Diana."

"I know. One of these days I hope you'll learn to trust me, too."

His head came up sharply. "I do trust you."

She shook her head. "No, you don't. Every time I talk about my career, you think I'm getting ready to turn my back on my responsibilities to the baby and to you. I would never do that, Colby. One of these days you'll realize that."

"Part of me knows that. Part of me is still afraid to believe it." His voice was raw.

"There was a time when part of me was afraid to believe you'd stick around, too. But I don't have any doubts now.

That's why I can tell you that I love you."

"Say it again." His hand tightened on her thigh.

"I love you." She smiled in the shadows. "Your turn to practice, Colby."

"I love you, too."

He eased into her, filling her gently, completely. His fingertips slipped down to the delicate little nubbin of sensation hidden in the tawny curls between her thighs, and when she went taut in his arms and started to cry out, he kissed the soft, sensual screams from her lips so that Brandon would not hear them. He held her while she convulsed, and then he thrust forward one last time, his entire body rigid with his release.

Diana clung to him, knowing he'd given her the words of love because she asked for them, not because he fully understood them or his own emotions. Colby always needed prompting before he told her that he loved her. It was hardly ideal, but she had decided to take what she could get. She was going on the theory that if Colby said the words often enough, they might get to be a habit and he might discover he was addicted to the habit.

A LONG WHILE LATER as they lay side by side, hands clasped, Colby spoke again.

"There's something I want to talk about," Colby said.

"Yes?"

"Your plans for opening your own consulting business after the baby gets here."

"Oh." She shut her eyes. "Do we have to talk about them now? I don't want another argument, Colby. I'm too tired."

"That's why you never mentioned them to me, isn't it? You assumed I'd give you a lot of static."

"The thought had crossed my mind," she admitted.

"Maybe I would have a few weeks ago," he said slowly. "But when I heard you telling Brandon about your ideas this evening, I realized I wasn't upset about them, only about the fact that you hadn't felt free to discuss them with me."

"I would have. Sooner or later."

"I don't want you to feel you can't talk to me about things like that, Diana. I know you think I've got a thing about your working, but that's not true. I just want you to keep your work in balance with all the other things that are going to be happening in our lives."

"I'm learning."

"I know. You're changing, aren't you? I realized tonight it didn't make me nervous now to hear you talk about going into business for yourself. I just want you to know that I think your ideas are terrific, and you'll have my full support when the time comes."

Diana studied him in silence for a moment, and then she leaned over and kissed him softly. "That's one of the reasons I love you, you know. When push comes to shove, I can count on you."

There was another long silence and then Colby said, "Speaking of feeling free to communicate..."

"Yes?"

"It's the car," he said.

Diana pulled herself back from the edge of sleep. "What car?"

"Brandon's Mazda. It was his car we were driving when that fool in the 'vette tried to take us that night on River Road."

"Oh, my God." Colby's logic was suddenly clear to her. "You think it might have been deliberate? That someone thought Brandon was in the car that night?"

"It's a possibility I can't ignore. That jerk who tried to run us down wasn't just looking for a one-mile run. He was trying to send us into the river, Diana. He could have been after us or he could have been after Brandon. Coming on top of those pranks that were played on you, I can't take any chances. I don't want either of you in the vicinity of Fulbrook Corners unless I'm around."

Diana was silent for a long while, assimilating the facts. "I guess I've known deep down how worried you were but I haven't thought much about what happened in Fulbrook Corners since we've been back in Portland."

"No reason to think about those incidents. No one's bothered you or Brandon since we left town."

Diana sat up abruptly. "You've got a perfectly valid reason for not wanting Brandon to go back there alone."

"Thanks. Does this mean I'm no longer viewed as just another example of outdated patriarchal machismo?" Colby smiled faintly in the darkness.

"Oh, no, you're not excused from that accusation. But you can redeem yourself."

"Yeah? How?"

"First of all, you can explain your concerns to Brandon."

"And second?"

"You can offer him an alternative."

"What alternative? Like I said, I am not driving up to Fulbrook Corners for Christmas. We're going to have our first Christmas together right here."

"You can suggest he invite his grandmother down to Portland for the holiday."

Colby shot straight up in bed. "Pregnancy has rotted your brain, woman. Are you crazy? Have that witch here under my roof for Christmas?"

"She could stay at a hotel, just as my mother is going to do," Diana said, thinking quickly. "We'll open presents here and then we could all go out to Christmas dinner afterward."

"Diana..."

"It'll work out just fine, Colby, you'll see."

"Now listen, Diana..."

"Brandon will be pleased. Don't worry, I'll make certain you and Margaret Fulbrook don't come to blows. You've met my mother. She's very good at keeping the conversation going. If things get awkward, she'll come to the rescue."

"Diana, will you listen to me..."

"I'd better make reservations for dinner tomorrow. The few restaurants that will be open Christmas Day will be filling up quickly."

"Damn it, Diana, if you don't close that mouth of yours by the time I count to five, I will close it for you. One, two, three..."

She smiled brilliantly and didn't say another word.

"That's better," Colby said. "Silence at last. You know, there's a lot to be said for outdated patriarchal machismo."

Diana leaned over and kissed him. "Shall I give Brandon the good news in the morning, or do you want to tell him yourself that you've changed your mind?"

"Ill tell him," Colby muttered. "I want to make damn sure he makes certain Margaret Fulbrook knows that this invitation definitely does not extend to Harry the Ox."

"I agree with you one hundred percent." Diana batted her lashes. "I think you've made a very wise decision, Colby."

He ran his palm up her bare arm. "And I think you're picking up the finer nuances of being a wife faster than I'd ever imagined you would. How the hell did I wind up agreeing to spend Christmas with Margaret Fulbrook?"

"How the hell did I wind up pregnant and unemployed and financially dependent on a man for the first time in my life?"

"You forgot barefoot," he said with satisfaction. "At the moment you're barefoot, pregnant and unemployed."

She started to tickle him in the ribs. A few minutes later Colby's sexy laughter aroused Specter. The dog sighed heavily, got up and padded down the hall to find some peace and quiet in the living room.

Three weeks until he became a father for the second time. Colby finished bolting the headboard of the crib onto the sturdy little frame and stepped back to admire his handiwork. One thing his background in construction had given him was a certain skill in taking care of the little things that a husband and father was always being called upon to do.

Diana admired his ability in the home improvement department, and Colby knew he occasionally gave in to the urge to show off.

She would be pleased with the way the white crib had gone together. It looked good in the cheerful yellow and white room. Brightly colored mobiles hung above the bed, and there was a small mountain of plush animals sitting on a nearby shelf. All the necessities of modern baby-raising from a top-of-the-line padded car seat to a chrome-wheeled stroller were neatly arranged around the nursery.

Things were going to be a lot different for this baby than they had been for Brandon, Colby reflected as he angled the crib into position. Everything in this room was brand-new. Not one stick of furniture had come from a thrift shop.

That had been his idea, not Diana's. She had casually mentioned the possibility of picking up a few used items, and he had vetoed the suggestion o vehemently she hadn't raised the notion again.

He could afford to do things right this time around, and he didn't intend to settle for anything less. Colby knew he wasn't doing it for the baby, who wouldn't know the difference between a shiny new crib and a cardboard box. He was doing it for Diana. He wanted her to take pleasure in everything that had to do with the baby. She was a woman who appreciated nice things, and he was determined that she would be surrounded by them while she cared for their child.

Colby finished adjusting the position of the crib and took one last look around the room. All was in order.

This time he was ready.

And so was Diana, he had decided. She'd settled down during the past few months. She'd begun to get genuinely excited about the baby. Colby knew there was still a certain amount of apprehension mixed with her anticipation, but she seemed to be taking everything in stride these days.

At Colby's insistence, they'd taken a tour of the maternity ward at the hospital where Diana would be giving birth and she'd seemed satisfied that she would be in good hands. She'd asked questions about all the fetal monitoring techniques, anesthesia procedures and the equipment that would be available in the delivery room. She'd had several long conversations with the staff on the subjects of pain control and emergency intervention measures.

And then they'd stood outside the nursery window and looked at babies for a long time. Colby had been pleased with the results. Diana had gotten a distinctly maternal gleam in her eye as she'd gazed at the tiny packages of newborn humanity. They'd gone right out and bought the crib and several small yellow blankets that afternoon.

Diana had kept busy since January decorating the little Victorian house. She'd spent hours poring over wallpaper designs and the latest in Italian lamps while Colby had started work on a new novel.

Diana seemed content with her role of wife, too. Colby congratulated himself. He'd chosen well the second time around, even if he had chosen in haste again. He'd learned a lot about Diana in the past few months. She was a mature adult just as he was, and when she made a commitment, she kept it.

Colby realized that somewhere along the line he had gradually begun to relax. When Diana had gone to view office space for her prospective consulting business, he'd gone with her and even offered suggestions. He knew now she wasn't going anywhere without him and the baby.

She was a competent woman who could handle a career and a family. She was not an immature young girl who'd run home to her mother when she got bored or frustrated or angry with the hand she'd been dealt by fate: Colby was just now beginning to acknowledge to himself that he had been a little hard on Diana for the first few months. She'd had a lot of old fears about the basic unreliability of men to contend with, as well as the shock of finding herself unexpectedly pregnant and married.

Colby had instinctively fought to tear down all the barriers Diana had relied upon to protect herself and to reinforce her inner fortitude. She'd never really needed or wanted a man.

Colby realized that from the beginning he had seen her self-contained strength not so much as a challenge but as a genuine threat. Deep down he'd been afraid she would use that considerable feminine independence and willpower of hers to lock him out of her life.

Even back at the start of their relationship, when he had told himself she was the wrong kind of woman for him, he had wanted nothing more than to prove to her and to himself that she wanted him. When he had accomplished that task, he realized he had dug himself into a deep hole.

Because then he'd had to prove that she needed him.

Was that why he had made love to her without any protection in the cave last summer? Had he, on some primitive, subconscious level, wanted to get her pregnant so that he would have a hold on her?

Colby tossed aside the screwdriver he had been using. He didn't mind exploring some of life's fuzzier questions in his books, but he wasn't particularly fond of analyzing himself in reality. No point in it, he decided. A man dealt with life as it came. He did what had to be done and made the best of it. Sometimes he got lucky.

The phone rang in the den. He started down the hall and reached the sunny, bay-windowed room just as Diana picked up the receiver.

"Hello, Brandon. How are you?"

Colby leaned in the doorway, his gaze moving possessively over Diana's ripe figure. She was wearing a blue denim maternity jumper with a striped shirt. Her rich, tawny-gold hair was tied back in a ponytail and her face was bare of makeup. She looked very lovely and sweet and vulnerable. All his protective instincts hummed just beneath the surface of his awareness whenever he looked at her.

"Oh, no, I'm so sorry to hear that. When did you find out? Just now? The hospital called you?" Diana turned worried eyes to Colby. "What's her condition? I see. Hang on a minute. I'll get Colby."

Colby took the receiver. "What's up?" he mouthed to Diana, his hand over the mouthpiece.

"It's Margaret Fulbrook," Diana whispered. "Brandon says she's in the hospital. Possible heart attack."

Colby spoke into the phone. "Brandon? What's this about the old... I mean, what's this about Margaret being ill?"

"I just had a call from the Fulbrook Community Hospital. Apparently she put me down as next of kin on the admitting forms. She's suffering severe chest pains. Has trouble breathing. All the symptoms of a heart attack. They're doing tests now." Brandon paused and then said quietly, "She's asked to see us, Dad."

"Us?"

"You and me both."

Colby closed his eyes in brief resignation. He knew there was no way out of this one. "She probably wants to tell me one last time what a lousy son-in-law I've been for the past twenty years. All right, Diana and I can take a day and drive up there with you. When do you want to leave?"

"It's only eight o'clock now. If we leave by nine we can be there before eleven."

"That's what you think." Colby's sense of humor kicked in briefly as he looked at his wife. "Diana's three weeks away from her due date. She makes a lot of trips to the ladies' room these days. She'll insist we hit every rest stop between here and Fulbrook Corners. Better count on it taking us three hours to get there." He hung up the phone.

"We're going to Fulbrook Corners, I take it?" Diana asked gently.

"I gather Margaret thinks she's dying. Knowing her, she'll make a production out of it."

"She might very well be dying, Colby. She's nearly seventy and from the sounds of things she's having a heart attack."

Colby held up his hand. "I know, I know. Look at me. I'm not arguing against the trip, am I? I told Brandon we'd go with him to see her. The old lady has asked to see both of us. Can you believe it?"

"Perhaps she wants to say her goodbyes."

"More likely she wants to put a curse on me with her farewell breath," Colby muttered. He eyed Diana thoughtfully.

"You don't have to come unless you feel like it. If Brandon and I go alone, we can be back tonight."

"I want to come with you." Specter padded forward and looked up at Diana with beseeching eyes. "And so does my dog." She grinned and stroked Specter's huge shaggy head.

"It's going to be a full car," Colby said. "We'd better take your Buick. It's got the most room. Brandon and the mutt can sit in the back."

Diana patted her tummy. "Yes, baby and I need our space these days."

"And pack some clothes. If you're coming along, I don't want to do the drive up and back in one day. It will be too tiring for you. Well spend the night at the cottage and return tomorrow."

"Yes, dear."

Colby grinned. "Whenever you say 'yes, dear' in that tone of voice, I know exactly what you're thinking."

"What's that?" She stepped closer and lifted her face for his kiss.

"That I'm slipping into my heavy-handed husband routine again." He brushed her mouth with his own and then paused to deepen the kiss.

"You're so good at it," Diana said finally as he freed her mouth.

"Good at what? Kissing you?"

"No, the heavy-handed husband routine." Her eyes were wide with teasing admiration. "But as a matter of fact, you're also good at kissing me." She started to say something else but stopped, a tiny catch in her breath. She touched her stomach.

Colby put his hands on her full belly. "Baby kicking again?"

"Uh-huh. Feels a little different this time, though."

"This little one's going to be a handful," Colby announced, quite satisfied at the prospect.

"Good thing there will be two of us to cope with this baby," Diana said softly.

Colby laughed and kissed her again. "You said it."

"I love you, Colby."

"I love you, sweetheart." It occurred to him that he didn't even have to stop and think now before he repeated the words back to her. They just came naturally lately. He had no real desire to break the habit.

Margaret Fulbrook occupied the hospital room with the air of a queen on her deathbed. The tubes, machines and monitors that surrounded her did not detract from her royal air. She wore an old-fashioned satin bed jacket. Her hair was in its usual regal bun, and her makeup had been carefully applied in an effort to conceal the pallor of her skin.

Nurses, doctors and assorted attendants moved in and out of the private room with deferential respect.

Diana hung back a little as Colby and Brandon went through the door. This was between the three of them, she thought. It had little to do with her. She stayed near the back of the room and absently massaged her lower back.

She'd been plagued with lower-back pain on and off for weeks but the discomfort seemed different today. The long drive in the car had probably aggravated it. She wouldn't mention the problem to Colby, Diana decided in silent amusement. He'd just get worked up about the fact that the trip had made her uncomfortable. He'd probably blame himself for allowing her to come along.

Colby certainly took his role of husband and father seriously and as Diana had learned to trust him in that role, she had also learned to enjoy the cosseting and concern. The sensation of being fussed over by a protective male was entirely new to her, and she was discovering that she liked it.

The backache wasn't the only thing that was bothering her today. Something she'd eaten earlier apparently wasn't agreeing with her. She was also experiencing a strange restlessness.

"There you are," Margaret Fulbrook announced in tones that carried out into the hall as she caught sight of her visitors. "About time you got here. I could have been dead for hours. What did you do? Stop and have lunch along the way?"

Colby raised his eyes to the ceiling, but he managed to keep his mouth shut.

"Hello, Grandmother," Brandon said, going toward the bed. He leaned down to kiss her pale cheek. "How are you feeling?"

"Terrible. How did you expect I'd be feeling?" Her sharp brown eyes went over her grandson. "How's Diana?"

"I'm fine, Mrs. Fulbrook." Diana came forward a few steps. "Do you need anything from home? We could stop by and pick up some clothes or books for you."

Margaret's eyes softened a fraction. "No, thanks. I've got Harry to fetch and carry for me. How's everything going with the baby?"

"Just fine."

Margaret frowned. "Looks better than fine to me. You look like you're about to go into labor any minute."

Diana laughed. "The doctor says three more weeks."

"Humph. Doctors. What do they know? Bunch of fools. Women have been having babies for thousands of years without doctors."

"True," Diana agreed equably. "But a lot of women suffered terribly and frequently died in the process, and so did a lot of babies. I'll stick to the modern method. I want lots of professionals around me who know what they're doing when the time comes."

"Hah. Look at me. I've got dozens of medical professionals running around here and hardly any of them know what they're doing."

Colby wandered over to the window. "If you've got incompetents here, it's your own fault, Margaret. Fulbrook money built this hospital, and you sit on the board of directors. If you haven't got good doctors, it just means you're not paying decent salaries."

"Listen to the expert," Margaret scoffed. "What would you know about running a hospital?" But there was no real heat in her voice. Her eyes tracked Colby as he came to a halt and stood looking out over the panorama of mountains, river and town. The white veil of Chained Lady Falls could just barely be discerned in the distance.

"Why did you demand to see us, Margaret?" Colby asked after a long moment of silence.

"I'm dying." Margaret Fulbrook's voice was stark. "There are a few things I want to get cleared up before I go."

"Don't talk that way, Grandmother. You're not dying." Brandon's voice was vehement.

She patted his hand almost absently, her brown eyes still on Colby's back. "It's all right, Brandon. You'll understand some day that we all have to deal with death sooner or later. There's no point in denying the reality of it.

There's not much we can do about it, except get through it with as much dignity as possible. Colby?"

"Yeah, Margaret?"

"I want you to keep that business about dignity in mind, do you understand? No telling what these fools around here might try to do if they're left to their own devices. Doctors don't always understand about dignity, and they do so love to play with their stupid machines. I want someone strong-minded in charge of making the decisions that might have to be made. I don't know anyone more strong-minded than you. I also don't know anyone who understands pride better than you do."

Colby glanced back over his shoulder. His eyes met hers in a level look of mutual understanding. He hesitated and then nodded once. "I'll handle it, Margaret."

Margaret Fulbrook seemed to relax a bit. Her mouth twitched at the corners as she looked over at Diana. "Do me a favor, my dear. Don't let him get carried away and pull the plug too quickly."

The macabre humor got to Diana. She found herself smiling in spite of the situation. "I'll make sure he doesn't get too enthusiastic about his responsibilities, Margaret."

Brandon's brows were knit with anxious concern. "What are you guys talking about? What's going on?"

"Never mind, Brandon." Margaret patted his arm again reassuringly. "Just some minor business I wanted to get out of the way before I go on to more important matters."

Brandon looked bewildered. "What important matters?"

She studied him intently for a long moment. "I want to tell you that the greatest joy I have experienced in the last twenty years was meeting you, my boy. It will be easier to say goodbye to this world now that I know some part of me will go on through you. You're a fine young man, and I know who to thank for the way you turned out. Colby?"

"Yes?" He didn't turn from his contemplation of the scene outside the window. Diana could see the tension in his shoulders.

"It's time for me to say that my poor, confused Cynthia made a mistake when she abandoned you and Brandon to run home to her parents. You would have made a good husband for her. You did a fine job of raising my grandson. I owe you for that, Colby."

"You owe me nothing."

"That's not true. I owe you an apology for twenty-odd years of foolish pride, and I owe you my thanks for ensuring that Cynthia's son turned into a man any grandmother could be proud of."

There was a long moment of silence before Colby said quietly, "Forget it, Margaret."

"No, we will not forget it, damn it. You will accept my apology and my thanks, do you hear me?"

Colby swung around slowly, the faintest trace of a smile edging his mouth. "I hear you, Margaret. You always could issue orders in a loud, clear voice. Ill accept your apology if you'll accept mine."

"That won't be necessary. Perhaps you're right. We'd best forget the whole thing. Let's leave the regrets and the pride and the mistakes in the past where they belong. Agreed?"

Colby inclined his head. "Agreed."

Satisfied, Margaret turned to Diana. "And you, my dear. I also owe you my thanks. You are the one who made it possible for me to meet Brandon and to get to know him. I also want to thank you for last Christmas. It was the happiest Christmas I have known since my daughter died. It was good to feel like part of a family again. I shall carry that pleasure with me to my grave."

"You'll be here next Christmas, too," Brandon declared roughly. He looked around at the others in the room, challenging all of them. "Isn't that true?"

Colby suddenly chuckled. "Hell, it wouldn't surprise me. Like I've always said, Brandon, your grandmother is one tough old broad."

The nurse who came through the door at that moment was startled by the sound of the laughter that filled the somber hospital room.

"Heard you were back in town, Colby. Bet the old lady wanted to see her grandson before she died, right?" Eddy Spooner wiped his hands on a grease-stained fag and reached for the gas hose.

"That's about it." Colby climbed out of Diana's Buick and leaned against the front fender as Eddy began filling the vehicle's tank. "We're staying over tonight. Well head back to Portland in the morning."

"Where're Brandon and Diana?"

"Visiting with Margaret Fulbrook. I took a break to come into town and see how you were doing."

Specter put his head over the front seat and surveyed Eddy with a calm, unreadable gaze.

"I'm doin' okay, Colby. Okay. I see you still got that big dog of Diana's."

"Yeah, Specter's a born mooch. He won't be moving out anytime soon. I've given up trying to encourage him to leave." Colby idly reached over to scratch the dog behind one shaggy ear. "But he and I have come to a gentlemen's agreement."

Eddy eyed the dog with respect. "He always looked like a mean one to me."

Colby glanced down at Specter. "I think he could be, under the right circumstances. How are your plans coming, Eddy?"

Eddy looked up quickly, peering at Colby from under the brim of his beat-up fatigue cap. His glacial blue eyes were narrowed to slits. "Plans?"

"Yeah, you know. The plans you told me about last summer, remember? The last time you and I had a few beers at your house, you said something about being onto something big."

"Oh, yeah. My plans." Eddy concentrated on putting gas into the car. His shrug said it all. "You know how my plans always work out, Colby. They don't go nowhere."

"That's too bad." Colby wished he'd kept his mouth shut. He should have known that whatever Eddy had going last summer had fallen through. But he honestly hadn't been able to think of any other topic of conversation, and some part of him felt compelled to try to touch base with his old boyhood companion.

"Is it true that old lady Fulbrook's probably going to die?" Eddy kept his attention on the nozzle of the hose.

"I don't know, Eddy. The doctors said she's holding her own, but they still haven't pinned down the exact nature of her chest pains. Margaret thinks she's going to die, though."

"Reckon she left you and Brandon all her money, huh? Now that she's talkin' to you again? Got to hand it to you, Colby. You sure played your cards right. Skip town for twenty years, and then come back just in time to inherit the Fulbrook fortune."

"Brandon and I don't need or want her money and she knows it," Colby said harshly.

"That don't mean she won't leave it to you."

Colby glanced down the main street of his old hometown, thinking that no matter what had happened earlier in the hospital room, he'd never be able to spend a dime of Margaret Fulbrook's money. "She'll probably leave whatever's left of the Fulbrook fortune to Fulbrook Community Hospital. The place could use it," he said carelessly. In fact, he added to himself, he'd have a little chat with Margaret this afternoon and make sure she did exactly that.

"Harry says she started talkin' last summer about changing her will. She went to see a lawyer about it a few months back," Eddy said slowly.

"Did she?" Colby asked vaguely, losing interest in the topic. "Hey, Eddy, you ever find out anything about that black 'vette that tried to run Diana and me off the road last summer?"

Eddy pulled the nozzle out of the tank. "Some."

Colby watched him intently. "Come on, Eddy. Give. What did you find out?"

"Not much. That's why I never called you. Figured it wouldn't do you much good."

"Well?" It was like pulling teeth, Colby decided.

"The 'vette's been seen again a few times at night on River Road. Some of the local hotshots have tried out their wimpy little Camaros against it. No one's ever beaten the 'vette, though."

"Anyone ever end up in the river? I told you that car was out for blood."

"Nah. No one's gone over the bank. Just a few close shaves on some of the curves. Same routine as twenty years ago. You remember how it works, Colby? You should, you're the one who set it up. The black 'vette picks up any takers down at the old turnout under the cliff. Same place you used when you were running things out there at night.

The parking area at the base of Chained Lady Falls is the finishing line."

"Who's driving the 'vette, Eddy?" Colby kept his voice casual as he slid his wallet out of his jeans pocket. He didn

't want to let Eddy see just how interested he was in the answer.

"Nobody knows who's drivin'."

"Nobody's seen the driver?" Colby was astounded.

"Nope." Eddy shook his head as he made change. "The dude's not racing for money, I guess. Just for the hell of it.

He hangs around the cliff turnout until some local yokel comes looking for action. The 'vette and the challenger line up and take off. The 'vette wins and just keeps going on into the night. Never comes back to collect any money or gloat or nothin'. He's just gone. Like a ghost."

"Think he's from around here or out of town?"

Eddy shrugged. "The kids I've talked to who have seen the 'vette don't know. They say there aren't even any tags on the car."

"That new sheriff, Barnes, has he tried to stop the races?"

"Hah. Sheriff Barnes ain't like old Gil Thorp. Barnes has got more important things to do than come all the way over from Vickston in the middle of the night to break up occasional drag races on River Road. I'll tell you something, Colby. That black 'vette is becoming a legend, just like you were twenty years ago."

"If I ever get my hands on the new legend of River Road, I'm going to shorten his career real quick. I owe him for what he did last summer. He could have killed Diana." Colby opened the car door and dropped onto the front seat.

"You tell him I'm lookin' for him if you ever meet him, Eddy."

"What happened to you and Diana took place last summer, Colby."

"Doesn't matter. I've got a long memory."

Eddy pulled the brim of his cap down lower to shield his eyes. "I'll spread the word, Colby."

"Do you really think she's going to die, Dad?" Brandon sat on the edge of the lumpy armchair in Aunt Jesse's house and looked at his father, who was seated on the sofa beside Diana.

"I don't know. As far as I can figure out, no one knows at this point."

"I thought her color was much better tonight." Diana stirred and shifted slightly, trying to find a more comfortable position. There were very few such positions these days, she'd discovered. And today she couldn't seem to find a single one. Colby was massaging her lower back with an automatic motion. He always knew when she was hurting.

She leaned into his warm palm, savoring the small comfort.

"You okay, honey?" Colby asked with concern.

"I'm fine. Just the usual aches and pains. I'll be so glad when this baby gets here."

Colby grinned. "This from the woman who's been worrying about surviving labor pains for nearly nine months?"

"I've reached the point where I just want to get it all over. Even if it hurts to get it over," Diana admitted wryly.

"You two settled on the names?" Brandon asked. "You're still going to call the baby Josh if it's a boy, and Tabitha if it's a girl?"

"Tabitha Jane," Diana said, drawing out each word with loving care. "Do you like it, Brandon?"

"Josh sounds old-fashioned, but it's okay. You do realize that if it's a girl everyone's going to call her Tabby?"

Brandon pointed out. "Tike a cat?"

Colby was about to respond when they all heard the sound of a car in the drive. Specter's ears snapped forward and he got up to prowl toward the front door.

"Who is it?" Diana asked.

"Might be Gil Thorp. He's probably heard we're in town and decided to stop by and say hello." Colby stood up and went to join Specter at the door.

A moment later there was the sound of a man's heavy boot on the front porch and Colby pushed open the door.

"Eddy," he said. "What's up?"

Eddy Spooner appeared on the threshold. He was turning his camouflage cap in his hand and he had a concerned expression on his face.

"'Evenin Diana. Brandon."

"Hi, Eddy." Brandon got to his feet.

"Hello, Eddy. Won't you come in?" Diana smiled at him.

"Can't. Thanks, anyway. I just came by to see Colby about somethin'."

"What's this all about?" Colby opened the door wider. "You'd better come inside. It's cold out there."

"Thanks. Yeah, it's plenty cold out there. Supposed to get snow in a couple of days." Eddy looked at Colby. "You said you wanted to know if I ever heard any more about that black 'vette on River Road."

Diana frowned as she saw Colby's quiet, keen attention. "Eddy? What's this all about?"

"Never mind, Diana. I'll explain it later." Colby watched Eddy closely. "You've got something?"

Eddy nodded quickly. "One of the kids came by the station just as I was closing. Said he'd heard the 'vette would be out looking for action tonight. The kid's been workin' on his car for six months, and he's been itchin' to try it out against the 'vette."

"He's going to have to wait a while longer. I get first crack at that bastard in the 'vette."

"Figured that's what you'd say. Well, good luck, Colby. But, then, you always did get all the breaks." Eddy turned and walked out of the door to where his multicolored old Camaro sat in the drive.

Colby opened the closet door.

"Colby? What are you doing?" Genuinely alarmed, Diana struggled to get out of the deep sofa.

"Don't worry, Diana. I'll be back as soon as I get this settled." Colby was hauling his jacket out of the closet as he spoke.

"Where are you going?" she demanded, seizing the arm of the sofa to lever herself to her feet, "River Road."

"You can't. Don't be ridiculous. You can't go after that 'vette by yourself. What do you think you're going to do?

Have some sort of macho showdown? Colby, you said that whoever was driving that car last summer was probably a little crazy."

"Don't worry, Diana," Brandon said soothingly as he reached for his own jacket. "I'll go with Dad."

Colby swung around to confront his son. He started to argue but something he saw in Brandon's set expression must have changed his mind. Perhaps it reminded him of himself. Colby nodded brusquely. "Let's go."

"Colby, please, listen to me. At least check with Gil Thorp or contact the sheriff's department. This is police business."

"No, it's not," Colby said as he dug out his keys. "It's personal. You'll be fine here with Specter, honey. Just sit tight."

He and Brandon were gone before Diana could think of any way to make them see reason. She was left standing at the door with Specter, listening to the sound of her Buick roaring out of the drive.

"When I drive that car the tires never squeal like that. Bunch of idiot, macho males. What am I going to do with them. Specter?"

Specter leaned against her, offering silent comfort, it his muzzle was pointed in the same direction Colby and Brandon had just taken. The dog looked faintly wistful at being left behind.

10

River Road was a twisting ribbon of darkness that paralleled the snaking black band of water that curved alongside it.

The night was cold, ebony dark and eerily still. Chained Lady Falls was over a mile away from this point, hidden behind the bends and turns of the gorge walls.

Colby eased his foot off the accelerator as he guided the Buick into the empty turnout under the cliff.

"You think we'll find him?" Brandon asked.

"Who knows? From what Eddy told me he's been getting bolder lately. He said the kids have been coming down here to race more frequently and the black 'vette has been showing up fairly often. With any luck, we'll snag him tonight."

"I know this probably isn't the time to ask but, what exactly are we going to do with him if we do catch him?"

"First, I'm going to beat the crap out of him for what he tried to do last summer. Then I think I'll hunt up Gil Thorp.

Gil always had a way of seeing that justice got done, even if it was a little off the record."

"You think we'll have to run down the 'vette first?"

"We can't. Not in this tin can. One of these days I'm going to have to get Diana something with some zip under the hood." Colby slid the Buick into the shadow of the looming granite cliff and switched off the engine. He sat contemplating the night for a moment. "Feels like old times."

Brandon's teeth flashed in a brief, knowing grin. "Hard to believe you're an old married man with one grown son and another baby on the way, huh?"

"You're wrong," Colby said. "I don't have any trouble believing it at all. The reminders are all around me. And I'll tell you something, kid. I wouldn't go back. Not for anything."

"Things are a lot better now?"

"Things are infinitely better now." Colby's mouth curved faintly. "The best they've ever been, in fact."

"I can tell. I'm glad you found Diana."

"Not half as glad as I am."

Brandon nodded. "What do we do now?"

"We wait."

"Where's Eddy? Why did he take off and let us come out here alone?"

"This isn't his fight. Eddy tries to keep a low profile. He always has, poor bastard. He's probably home by now."

Brandon nodded and unfastened his seat belt. "I know how you feel about wanting to get this dude. Thanks for letting me come along."

Colby reached up to unsnap the cover of the dome light. "I'm not completely stupid," he informed his son as he unscrewed the tiny bulb, "in spite of Diana's probable opinion to the contrary this evening. I know enough not to turn down reliable help when I can get it. There isn't anyone else I'd rather have watching my back than you, Brandon."

"The feeling is mutual."

"Good. You want to flip a coin to see who gets out of the car to fetch the lug nut wrench?"

"Geez, Dad," Brandon's voice was laced with mocking innocence. "They didn't teach us how to use a lug nut wrench in that karate class you signed us up for a few years ago."

"The beauty of a lug nut wrench is that just about any fool can figure out how to use it in a pinch. No special training required."

The waiting lasted another two hours. It got very cold in the car. Once or twice Colby started the engine and turned on the heater. But mostly he and Brandon just sat talking quietly and waiting. Nothing moved out on River Road.

Colby had about given up when he saw a pair of headlights in the distance. They arced around a curve, disappeared briefly and reappeared much closer.

Brandon stirred in the seat. "Anybody we know?"

"Can't tell yet. Could be just a kid looking to put his car up against the 'vette."

The car cruised slowly toward the falls, skimming along the ribbon of blacktop, its identity hidden behind the glare of its headlights.

And suddenly Colby had a premonition. He'd seen those headlights before. "Get down, Brandon. I don't want him to catch sight of you in his lights."

Brandon wedged himself down under the edge of the dash. The approaching lights angled off to the left as the vehicle eased into the parking area. Cold starlight gleamed off a familiar large shape.

Colby draped his arms over the Buick's steering wheel and watched intently. "Well, hell," he finally said. He could feel the surge of adrenaline through his veins.

"Who is it?" Brandon asked.

"It's Margaret Fulbrook's Cadillac."

"Not the 'vette? What's going on, Dad?"

"That's what I intend to find out. I wonder when Harry the Ox started cruising River Road. When I get out of the car, you slide out on your side. He won't see your door open because I removed the dome light. But stay out of sight on the far side of the Buick for a while until I see what's going on."

"What the hell for?" Brandon whispered, an angry young male animal spoiling for battle. "You brought me along to back you up."

"I told you once the only intelligent way to go up against someone like Harry is with a good sucker punch. This time around you're it. When you get out of the car, take the wrench with you."

Colby opened the door on his side and got out. Brandon followed suit on the opposite side, staying below the level of the windows. In the darkness, with no dome light to illuminate the small action, Brandon's movements on the far side of the car were virtually invisible.

Just to make certain Harry's attention was focused where Colby wanted it to be focused, Colby made himself very obvious. He walked straight up to the window on the driver's side of the Cadillac. He could see the vague outline of Harry's beefy shoulders and broad face. Small, mean eyes glittered at him from the shadows. They made Colby think of a rat.

The driver's window slowly lowered. Colby looked down into the car.

"Things get so boring waiting around for your employer to die that you had to come out here and look for trouble, Harry? What kind of game are you playing these days?"

"One I can win, Savagar." Without any warning the barrel of a revolver appeared in the open window. Harry's vicious smile was just barely visible in the glow of the dashboard lights.

Colby stood unmoving. Now he knew how a highway patrolman felt when he stopped a car for speeding and got a gun in the face instead of a lot of excuses.

"I think I'm beginning to get the picture," Colby said softly. He stepped back.

"Are you, Savagar? About time. Sure taken you long enough. Too bad it's gonna be the last picture you ever see."

Harry opened the Cadillac's door and climbed out. The revolver never wavered. The gun gleamed in the icy starlight.

Colby took another step backward. "You want to tell me what this is all about, Harry, old pal?"

"Don't move, you bastard. You always thought you were real slick, didn't you? Thought you could keep just out of range and get away with anything. Twenty years ago you almost walked off with the brass ring. But you blew it.

You got into Cynthia Fulbrook's hot little pants long enough to get her pregnant, but you didn't get anything out of it except the baby she left you holding. You didn't get one thin dime out of the Fulbrooks, did you? I told Eddy you weren't nearly as smart as he always said you were. I told him last summer that things were gonna be different next time."

"That was a long time ago, Harry."

"I'm not likely to forget. I wanted her, Savagar. I wanted her real bad. I'd watched her all those years I'd worked for the Fulbrooks. All those years I spent fetchin' and carryin' like some slave. I had plans for her. She liked me, you know. Flirted with me. Used to wiggle that little rear of hers whenever she walked past me. She wanted me bad, I could tell."

"Harry, get real."

"I was gonna make sure it was me she had to marry. Her folks liked me. I always did everything they told me to do.

They would have let me marry her if I'd gotten her pregnant. They might not have liked it at first, but they'd have tolerated it. Eventually they'd have made me a real member of the family."

"Christ, Harry, you're crazy, you know that?"

"Shut up. I had it all planned. I was gonna become a real Fulbrook. I'd have been in line for all that money. But then you breezed into Cynthia's life, and she couldn't resist adding your scalp to all the others on her belt. You were a real prize. The town's one and only legend. Only this time she made a mistake and got knocked up. The Fulbrooks were gonna take care of that mistake. They had a doctor all lined up. But you talked Cynthia into marrying you, instead."

"Harry, that was twenty years ago. It's over. It's been over for a long time. The Fulbrooks wouldn't have tolerated you marrying her any more than they tolerated my marrying her."

"I'd have made them put up with me," Harry exploded. "I did everything they told me to do. I did all their dirty work."

"That doesn't mean they would have let you marry their one and only daughter." Colby almost felt sorry for the man. "As far as they were concerned neither of us would have been good enough for her. And I'll tell you something else, they weren't the only ones who felt that way. Cynthia herself didn't think either of us was good enough for her."

"She married you."

"Only because she was confused and scared. When she finally came to her senses and realized what a mess she was in, she jumped in the car and headed back to Mom and Dad. She had no intention of staying married to a guy from the wrong side of the falls."

"I could have made her stay with me. I wouldn't have screwed up the way you did. But you're right. It's over. I've got other plans now, though, and I'll be damned if I'm going to let you ruin everything for me a second time, Savagar."

"What plans, Harry?" Out of the corner of his eye, Colby saw the shadow moving among deeper shadows.

Brandon was slipping through the darkness, leaving the cover of Diana's Buick to slide behind the Cadillac on the passenger side.

"Don't you see?" Harry raised the barrel of the gun. "There was no one left after Cynthia got killed. No one left to inherit all that money, except me. The old lady changed her will after Cynthia died. She said she planned to leave a lot of money to me because I'd stayed loyal all these years. She said she owed me something. She wasn't going to leave you or that kid of yours a cent. She hated you. But last summer you came back with your son and wrecked everything.

She started changing her mind the day she met Brandon and saw those goddamned eyes of his."

Colby stared at him. "You think Margaret Fulbrook was going to leave you all her money? Harry, you're a bigger fool than I thought."

"She told me she'd put me in the will, damn you! Oh, she was gonna leave a chunk to the hospital, but I was also going to get some dough. A lot of it. She was grateful to me, you see. I was the only one left. I was the only one who'd take her orders - did what she said, no questions asked. Then she met that boy of yours and all of a sudden she couldn't talk about nothin' except her grandson. She went to see a lawyer, and that's when I knew I had to do something."

"There's nothing you can do, Harry. Margaret's got a mind of her own. You ought to know that by now."

"You're wrong, Savagar. There is something I can do. I can get rid of you and the boy. Then there won't be anyone left again except me. I've been thinkin' about this for months. Ever since last summer, in fact. I started makin'

plans then. I was just gettin' some ideas together when you suddenly left town and I had to wait. But when old lady Fulbrook went into the hospital with the heart attack night before last, I knew it wouldn't be long before she sent for you."

"And you figured this would be your big chance?"

"Damn right. So I got you out here alone. I decided to take care of you first, you see. You're the one I got to watch, you and your damned sneaky sucker punches. I can handle your kid later."

"You really think you can kill me and Brandon and get away with it, Harry? Come on. Gil Thorp will be around asking questions before you can blink. And he'll go straight to that new sheriff."

Harry's grin was wide in the darkness. "Won't be no questions to ask, Colby. Got to have bodies before you can ask questions. You know these mountains as well as I do. You know there's places up here where I can dump you and that kid of yours, and you won't be found for years, if ever. As far as everyone around here is concerned, you'll just disappear for another twenty years or so, same as last time you left town."

Colby's stomach tightened. "Harry, you're going to risk a murder charge for no good reason. I'm not going to take a dime of Margaret Fulbrook's money. I never have and I never will. She knows that. I made it clear to her this afternoon."

"So maybe shell leave it all to Brandon. Who knows? That's why I have to get rid of both of you."

"Are you going to pull that trigger right here? There'll be blood, Harry. Lots of it." Colby called on all the creative writing talent he could muster on such short notice. He'd written scenes like this one. He knew how they went. "You'

ve never killed a man, have you, Harry? You don't know what's it's like to see someone die. It's hard to believe how much blood there is in the human body. It'll just pour out all over. It'll get on your hands when you try to move me. It'

ll get all over the trunk of the Cadillac when you shove me inside."

"Stop it. I won't kill you here unless I have to. Ill take you up high into the mountains."

"That won't make it any cleaner, Harry. You'll still end up covered in my blood. Dead bodies are real messy, Harry.

It isn't just blood that gets all over everything. The body lets go of other stuff as well. All the muscles just suddenly relax. Can you imagine what that means, Harry? You're going to have to get real dirty before this is all over..."

"Shut your mouth, damn you. I've done enough hunting in my time. If I can gut a deer, I can handle your body."

"You think so? Can you handle two dead bodies? Because you'll have to go through it all again when you pick up Brandon. You'll have all that blood to deal with a second time. You're going to have nightmares about that blood, Harry. You're going to wake up screaming in the middle of the night. You'll look across the room and you'll see me looking back at you from the shadows. The blood will never go away. Every time you go to sleep, you'll wonder if this is another night you'll have to relive the murders. Pretty soon you won't be able to sleep at all..."

"I won't have any nightmares, damn you. If I do, I'll just think about all the money. That will give me sweet dreams.

Now just shut up and get down on the ground. I'm going to tie your hands behind you."

The crash of splintering glass shattered the tension. Harry flinched, shouted incoherently and whirled around to confront the noise.

Colby launched himself at Harry's back as Brandon quickly dropped to the ground on the other side of the Cadillac.

Colby slammed the heel of his palm into Harry's neck. The big man staggered and fell to his knees. Colby tried a second blow and this time Harry toppled slowly onto his back. The revolver fell from his hand.

Brandon appeared from around the hood of the car. He had the lug nut wrench raised and ready for action.

"I don't think we'll need that," Colby said, rubbing his aching hand. "But keep it handy while I find something to tie his hands." He ended up using the rope in the trunk of the Cadillac that Harry had undoubtedly intended to use on him.

Five minutes later the job was done. Colby stood up and studied Harry's half-conscious form lying on the ground.

"Now what?" Brandon asked.

He stared at his father, his voice still tense with the unfamiliar adrenaline that Colby knew must still be rocketing through him. Colby experienced a flash of pride at his son's coolness in the bizarre situation.

"We'll contact Gil. He'll be able to handle it from here."

"Should we put him into the Cadillac?" Brandon asked worriedly.

"Too much trouble."

"It's really cold out here, Dad. If we leave him on the ground, he might die."

Colby groaned and reached down to grab Harry's ankles. "You're right. We don't need the extra complications.

You get his shoulders."

It took a lot of doing but they finally managed to wedge Harry into the back seat of the Cadillac. Their victim groaned but he didn't fully regain consciousness.

Colby opened die front door and reached toward the dash to switch off the lights. His hand paused for a moment as a tiny flicker of memory jogged through him. For a minute he gazed through the heavily starred windshield, studying the kaleidoscopic pattern of fragmented headlight beams that still cut a swath through the night.

"You worried about the windshield. Dad?"

"No," Colby said absently, struggling to pin down the elusive sense of wrongness. "I owed Harry a broken windshield. What do you want to bet that if she lives, your grandmother makes me pay for it, though?"

"Breaking the windshield was the only thing I could think of to distract him."

"It worked. Like I said, Brandon, this time around you were my sucker punch."

"That was some spiel you gave him about blood and bodies. It even made me a little queasy. It was getting to him.

I wonder if he would really have been able to pull that trigger. If you'd kept talking long enough..."

"Brandon, keep quiet a minute. I'm trying to think."

There was silence for thirty seconds and then Brandon couldn't resist. "About what?"

"Did you overhear our whole conversation?" Colby straightened up from his contemplation of light through a ruined windshield. He looked at his son.

"Yeah, I guess so, why?"

"He said something about telling Eddy last summer that things would be different this time around."

Brandon nodded. "I heard him."

"Just before Diana and I left town last summer, I had a talk with Eddy. He told me he was onto something big, that he was finally going to get his big break. That was the night I had the flat tire and nearly got my skull caved in by Harry."

"Dad," Brandon said softly, "it was Eddy who told us the 'vette would be out here on River Road tonight. Instead of the mystery car, we get Harry in an old Cadillac. You think maybe your good buddy set you up both times?"

Colby swore. "Diana. If anything happened to us, she wouldn't rest until she turned this whole town upside down. She'd go straight to Gil Thorp and he'd help her shake out the answers. Harry must have known that. He couldn

't let her live, either."

Brandon's eyes widened. "She's alone at the cottage."

"And Eddy's still running around out there somewhere." Colby opened the rear door of the Cadillac again and reached inside to pull Harry to a sitting position. Harry blinked groggily.

"What are you going to do, Dad?"

Colby didn't answer. He gave Harry a single shake. Harry's eyes widened as he saw the cold expression on -Colby'

s face.

"Tell me what the plan was, Harry. What's Eddy supposed to do with Diana?"

"I'm not gonna tell you a damned thing, Savagar. You're so smart, you figure it out for yourself."

Brandon leaned into the car. "You want the wrench, Dad?"

Colby held out his hand without a word. Brandon slapped the lug nut wrench into his palm.

Harry's mouth fell open as he stared from one implacable face to the other. "You're crazy, Savagar. You're both crazy. You can't do this. You're crazy."

"Probably comes from writing too much horror fiction. You going to argue with a crazy man, Harry?"

Harry chose not to accept the challenge. He closed his eyes and leaned his head back against the seat. "Chained Lady Falls. She's supposed to have an accident. Same kind of accident Eddy's old man had. It's all over by now, Savagar. The Legend of River Road has finally lost a race. Eddy and me are going to have the last laugh."

Colby shut the door and ran for the Buick. Brandon was hard on his heels.

Diana clutched her stomach and bent forward as the next contraction went through her. She breathed through it, trying to remember all the instructions Colby had drilled into her. When the discomfort passed, she resumed walking. She had been pacing the living room for nearly two hours.

Beside her, Specter whined again. Her anxiety had put him on battle alert, but he could find no enemy.

"It's okay," she muttered to the dog, trying to comfort herself as much as Specter. "I've got time. Probably hours and hours of time. This is only the first stage of labor, I think. Women stay home and clean the silver during this stage.

No need to even call the hospital yet." Which was just as well since there was no phone in the cottage.

She couldn't even drive herself to the hospital, she thought despairingly. Colby and Brandon had taken the can "It wasn't supposed to be like this," she told Specter. "I'm supposed to be at home in Portland, packing my bags and preparing to check into a modern, state-of-the-art hospital. Colby's supposed to be here timing contractions and giving breathing instructions, fie said he would be here with me when the time came. He promised he'd be here."

Specter paced silently beside her.

"He should have been back by now." She felt herself tensing through another contraction and tried desperately to relax. Fear lanced through her, not just for herself and the baby but for Colby and Brandon. "What if something happened out there on River Road tonight, Specter? What if that terrible car showed up and there was a fight? What if Colby and Brandon are hurt?"

Panic gripped her. It was an amorphous sensation that seemed to well up out of nowhere and roll over her in a crushing wave. Or maybe that was just the pain of another contraction.

The pain wasn't too bad yet. She could handle this. But it would get worse, much worse, before it got better. What was it Jennifer from apartment 301 had said? Unrelenting agony. Yes, she still had unrelenting agony ahead of her.

Diana experienced another overpowering urge to go to the bathroom. This would be the third time during the last hour. At first she thought she was just having problems from something she had eaten at dinner. But she had finally realized what was happening. Her body was flushing itself clean in preparation for birth.

When she emerged from the small room a few minutes later, she started downstairs and saw Specter at the front door, whining softly. He looked up at her, and then his attention fixed on the door again. Relief flowed through her.

Colby and Brandon were home. She hurried on down the stairs, pausing on the last step to let another contraction pass.

"Is it them? What do you hear, Specter? My car?" Diana went to the window and pushed aside the faded curtain.

Headlights swiveled and pointed straight at the house as a car pulled into the drive. She closed her eyes in mindless relief. The amorphous feeling of panic receded. Colby was here. He would take care of everything.

"It's okay now, Specter. He's back. We're all going to be fine."

She dropped the curtain and opened the front door. Specter growled softly, his body rigid. It was then Diana realized that the car in the drive was not her trusty Buick. The vehicle stopped just beyond the limited range of the porch light.

Cold night air flowed through the screen as Diana stood waiting to see who her visitor was. Maybe it would be Gil Thorp, she thought. Gil was an old-time county sheriff. He would know what to do. He'd probably rushed lots of women to the hospital in his time.

"Gil?" she called out as a car door thumped shut.

"Hello, Diana. It's me again." Eddy Spooner came up onto the porch, his once-handsome face set in the familiar lines of lifelong bitterness and regret. His glacial blue eyes were almost colorless in the weak light. "Sorry to bother you, but I got to tell you there's been an accident out on River Road."

Diana felt a vast darkness closing in on her. She clutched the knob of the screen door, clinging to it for support.

She could handle anything but this.

"Colby," she whispered bleakly.

"They got him down at the hospital, ma'am. Car crash out on River Road. Nearly went into the water. Colby's askin

' for you. I said I'd come pick you and Brandon up and take you down there."

Diana rallied. "He's alive?"

"Yes, ma'am, he's alive. But he's hurt bad."

Diana opened the screen door and stepped out onto the porch. The cold chilled her to the bone.

Eddy frowned down at her, looking concerned. "Uh, you'll need a coat, ma'am."

"Yes, of course, I will." Dazed, Diana automatically turned to go back into the cottage. Eddy followed.

"Where's Brandon? Hell want to come, too, won't he?"

"Brandon? Oh, my God, Brandon. He's with Colby. He would have been in the car. Eddy, did you hear anything about him? Is he all right or was he hurt, too?"

"Brandon?" Eddy looked confused. "No ma'am, no one mentioned him. I don't know if he... never mind. We got to get going."

"I'm ready. Hurry, Eddy. Please hurry. I have to get to Colby." Specter slipped through the door beside her, staying dose to her ankle.

"Don't you want to leave the dog behind? The hospital staff sure won't want him hanging around."

Diana looked out into the darkness and saw the dark shape waiting beyond the glaring headlights. It had a vaguely familiar look to it, but she couldn't be certain.

Another contraction seized her and she couldn't think clearly. She responded to Eddy's question on gut instinct.

"The dog comes with me," she said flatly.

"But, Diana..."

She didn't bother to answer him. She had to get to the hospital. One way or another, she had to get there and Eddy Spooner was the only source of transportation.

She walked over to the large dark car and opened the door. Specter brushed heavily past as he vaulted over the front seat into the small space behind it. He kept his head at her shoulder.

Eddy Spooner climbed slowly into the car and turned the key in the ignition. A big, heavy engine exploded into life, the kind of engine seldom heard in modern automobiles.

"What kind of car is this, Eddy?" Diana asked quietly.

"It's a Corvette, ma'am. Hottest car in the county."

11

"Where did you get the car, Eddy? I thought you drove a Camaro." Diana watched the darkness flow past the window.

Eddy was driving too fast, and she sensed immediately he didn't have the control over his vehicle that Colby always had. Eddy's driving added to the panic she was battling. She put up her hand and touched Specter. The dog touched her ear with his nose.

"The 'vette's mine." Eddy's voice was infused with pride. "Found her in a junkyard a while back. I've worked on her on and off for the past couple of years. Keep her in a shed I got out back of my place. No one's ever seen her in the daylight."

"Is that right?" Maybe if she could just keep him talking, she could figure out what was going on.

"Started takin' her over to the next county on weekends. Wanted to test her out, you know? She beat everything that she went up against. Just like that black 'vette of Colby's. Nothing could touch her. This here car's going to be more of a legend than that 'vette ever was."

Diana swallowed, her fingers tightening on Specter's collar. "You told Colby that the black Corvette was going to be down on River Road tonight."

There was silence beside her. "Yeah," Eddy said finally, "I did, didn't I? You know somethin'? I'd kinda liked to have gotten another chance to go up against Colby on River Road. This time I could have taken him. I know I could have. He wouldn't have lost me on that turn near the bridge the way he did last summer."

Diana shivered. "Eddy, this isn't the way to the hospital."

"I know."

She fought to keep calm. "Where are Colby and Brandon?"

"Don't know." Eddy sounded vague. "Somewhere up in the mountains, I guess. That's where Harry was going to take them. Except he was only supposed to take Colby first. We were gonna get Brandon when we got you."

"Harry? What does Harry have to do with this?"

"Harry and me, we're in on this together," Eddy explained. "He's my partner. This is it, you see. Our big break. We'

re gonna cash in on this one together, and then we're both gonna blow this town for good."

"Cash in on what, Eddy?"

"The Fulbrook money." He glanced at her as if surprised she hadn't figured it all out. "Old lady Fulbrook was plannin' on leaving Harry a lot of cash, you know? But she cut way back on his share when she met that boy of Colby'

s. She went to see a lawyer and changed her will. Harry says he's pretty sure she put Brandon in it and maybe Colby, too. Harry says that if we get rid of Colby and Brandon, he'll get their shares, just like he was supposed to originally.

He told me that if I help him, hell split the money with me."

"Eddy, you know it won't be that simple. That kind of thing never is."

"Harry says this will work and he ought to know. He's been planning it for months now. We got lucky when the old lady had the heart attack. That was a real lucky break, all right."

"Why?" She breathed through another contraction. Her eyes watered with the effort.

"Don't you understand nothin'? We had to get Colby and Brandon back up here into the mountains, you see?

Thought the three of you might come at Christmas, but instead the old lady got a phone call from Brandon invito' her down there. That wrecked everything. But we figured you'd all come up next summer. Then the old lady got sick a couple days ago and Harry said this would be our chance."

"He knew we'd come up to see her?"

"Right. And it's just what you did. Harry's real smart. Colby and me used to figure him for a fool, the way he kowtowed to the Fulbrooks and all. But it turns out he's just played it real cool all these years. Now it's gonna pay off."

It was taking more concentration now to handle the contractions. Diana felt as if her mind was being strained to the breaking point. She was panicky about Colby's fate and equally panicky about the imminence of birth. It was too much to deal with at the same time.

"Colby," she whispered. "You haven't seen him since you came by the house to tell us about the 'vette, have you?"

"No."

"So you really don't know what's happened to him."

"Harry's got him by now. That's why I picked you up. I was supposed to wait a couple of hours and then come tell you there'd been an accident."

"But there was no accident." She clung to that. "Of course there wasn't an accident. Colby's too good a driver."

"He ain't the best," Eddy muttered. "He just thinks he is."

Diana seized on that. "Oh, he's good, Eddy. He left this Corvette in the dust that night on River Road. You had more power than he did, but you didn't have his driving skill, did you?"

"It was another sucker punch, the way he went into that curve." Eddy was clearly outraged. "Made me think I could take it faster, made me go into it too quick. Faked me out. But he knew I couldn't take it that fast. He knew I'd lose it. He tricked me. Harry says Colby always has a sucker punch up his sleeve. That's why we had to get him first."

"But you don't know for certain Harry's got him, do you?"

"Hell have him by now."

"I wouldn't be too sure of that. Harry was expecting only Colby, but instead he'll have had to deal with Brandon as well. Brandon's a lot like Colby, you know. Colby taught him everything he knows. Brandon even drives like his father.

Think your friend Harry could handle two Savagar men?"

"Shut your mouth, you little bitch," Eddy shouted. He took his eyes off the road to glare at her.

"Watch out!"

The Corvette swerved sharply as Eddy quickly brought it back in line. "Don't say nothin' more about how Colby might have taken out Harry. It didn't happen that way. Couldn't happen that way."

"Why not?"

"Harry has a gun. He knows what he's doin' with it. Harry and me been huntin'. I've seen him handle a gun."

Diana sucked in her breath and wrapped her arms around herself as the next contraction hit her. "Oh, my God." She tried not to think of Harry's gun, but the image kept getting mixed up in her mind with the rapidly escalating pain of her contractions.

No, not pain, she reminded herself with grim humor. Discomfort. Intense discomfort.

The real pain was yet to come.

Colby, where are you? I need you. You promised you'd be here with me. It's happening too fast, Colby. It's not supposed to happen this fast.

"What the hell's wrong with you?" Eddy asked. "Is it the baby? You're not having it now, are you?"

"Yes, it's the baby. I'm in labor, Eddy."

"Damn. Goddamn it to hell. I got to get this done. Harry didn't say nothin' about what to do if this happened. I got to hurry up and get it over."

"Get what done, Eddy? Are you going to kill me?" She was surprised at how calm the question sounded. It was probably because she had too many other things to think about. It was hard to get worked up over a mere murder threat when you were in labor and you were trying to deal with the fear that the man you loved might be dead.

No. Colby wasn't dead. She'd know if he were dead. A light would have gone out somewhere in her mind. He was still alive and as long as he was alive, he would be there when she needed him. He would move heaven and earth to get to her. She just had to keep going until her warrior found her.

"Don't say nothin' else, okay? I don't want to talk."

Diana kept her fingers wrapped around Specter's collar. He waited, tense and expectant, making no sound.

Somehow Diana wasn't surprised when Eddy pulled into a familiar parking area. She sat staring out at the starlit veil of water and knew that this was the way it had been meant to be.

"Chained Lady Rails," she said quietly. "What are we going to do here, Eddy?"

"You're gonna have an accident from the top of the falls." He opened the car door and as the overhead light came on, he showed her the small handgun in his fist. His eyes were glittering.

"The same kind of accident your father had?"

"He deserved to go over those falls. Everyone in town said so at the funeral. I heard 'em."

"Do I deserve to go over the falls, Eddy?"

"You got to. No other way. I'm sorry, if you want to know the truth. You're a real classy lady. But you belong to Colby Savagar and everything of his has to be destroyed. Don't you see? Everything of his has to go."

"Including my baby?"

"Don't say nothin' more, you hear me? Now get out of the car."

Specter's lips peeled back, revealing his teeth, but he made no sound. He followed Diana out of the car. She had never seen him quite like this. There were no threatening growls or angry, warning whines. The dog was deadly silent.

She knew Specter was ready to attack. For the first time she wondered just what Specter had done for a living in his former life. Colby had said once that he'd probably been a junkyard dog. According to the old saying, there wasn't much that was meaner than a junkyard dog.

Eddy eyed Specter as he came around the car but when the dog made no move, he ignored him. He trained the gun on Diana.

"We got to climb to the top of the falls."

"Don't be a complete ass, Eddy. I'm in labor. I can't possibly climb up to the top of the falls."

"You got to. Harry said this is the way it has to be."

"Probably because Harry wants you to take the blame for my death. I'm sure he's got this all figured out so that he won't have to split the money with you."

"Move."

She started forward and then screamed. The cry was only partially faked. The contraction that went through her was strong enough to generate a very real shriek. Diana doubled over in pain.

The sound totally unnerved Eddy. He jumped and leaped back involuntarily. "Damn you, don't yell like that. Don't yell like that again."

"Specter, get him."

She wasn't sure what the dog would do. She had never given him permission to attack anyone. She didn't even know what constituted a proper attack command.

But Specter knew a threat to his mistress when he saw it. Her fear and anguish were more than enough to guide him. He sprang toward Eddy, fangs glinting in the starlight.

This time it was Eddy who screamed. He fell back, frantically waving the gun as a club. The dog's big body bowled him over. Eddy broke free for a moment, rolled on the ground and tried to get to his feet. This time he aimed the gun at the charging dog.

But Specter reached him an instant too soon for Eddy to squeeze the trigger. Animal and man tumbled over the edge of the rocky pool and into the churning water at the base of the falls. They both disappeared.

"Specter!"

There was a terrifying pause, during which Diana could see nothing in the cold starlight. The roar of the falls blanked out all sounds of a struggle. Then Specter's head appeared briefly amid the foam.

"Specter. Here boy. Come here, Specter."

He responded to her call, swimming toward her with great, surging movements. A moment later he pulled himself up out of the pool and stood shaking the cold water out of his coat.

"Good dog. Good boy. Come on, we've got to get out of here." Diana was halted on her way to the car by another contraction. When she got moving again, she yanked open the door and discovered the keys to the Corvette had gone into the water along with Eddy and the gun.

Diana's hands flattened on the roof of the car. She closed her eyes, leaned forward and whimpered in helpless fear and pain. She was stranded.

And then an image formed in her mind. It was an image straight out of her dreams.

The grotto. She would be safe in the grotto. She would be warm there. She would find comfort in that little hidden place. Her baby would be born where it was meant to be born and they would both be safe.

"No," she whispered to Specter. "I must be going crazy. I'll have to have the baby right here on the ground."

She looked about at the dark, uninviting parking area. Not a fetal monitor or an anesthetist in sight, she thought hysterically.

She would use her jacket as a receiving blanket. She rummaged around in the cockpit of the Corvette and found a flashlight. She began talking to Specter as she made her meager preparations.

"There's this tribe in Africa," she told him bracingly, "which has this thing about childbirth being a real macho thing for the women. They have to go off by themselves and have their babies all alone out in the bush. They aren't even allowed to have any friends around, let alone a doctor or midwife: Tribe's still surviving, so I guess it must work.

Specter, I'm so scared."

But Specter wasn't paying any attention to her. He was staring out into the darkness, watching the pool at the base of the falls. His body was gathered for battle once more. He was eerily silent.

Diana raised the flashlight and swung the beam out over the water. At first she could see nothing in the white foam, and then she saw what Specter had detected.

Eddy Spooner was swimming slowly toward the edge of the pool. His movements were hampered by the heavy rush of water cascading around him. He had an object in his fist. The gun.

Did guns work after they'd taken a dunking? Diana had no idea, but it seemed to her she'd seen movies where the heroes had risen from the water and proceeded to let loose a hail of gunfire over the bad guys.

There was little chance Specter would get away with another attack on Eddy. Eddy would be prepared this time.

The only safety lay in the grotto.

Diana hesitated no longer. She didn't know if she could make it up the path to the cave entrance but she also knew she had no option except to try.

"Specter. This way. Follow me."

The dog turned reluctantly from his contemplation of Eddy Spooner and trotted toward her. Flashlight in hand, Diana started for the hidden path behind the falls.

She had no rain gear this time. She would get soaked and the night air was so very cold.

But the grotto would be warm.

"Where do you think you're goin', you bitch? Come back here."

Eddy started to clamber up the side of the pool - a dark, hulking menace from the deep. He moved slowly, awkwardly. Diana took comfort from the fact that he probably couldn't see her any better than she could see him. If she got into the shadows near the falls, she would disappear from his sight.

She kept the flashlight off until she was behind the falls. Specter was at her heels. She shut her eyes and cried out as another wave of pain went through her. The roar of the water masked the sound of her groan. She wouldn't be able to stay on her feet much longer. She must be in what the books called precipitate labor.

Specter crowded close and then darted in front of her as if he knew the way and wanted to lead her to safety.

The trip up the path was the longest struggle of Diana's life. Primitive female instinct alone guided her.

The need to find a safe place in which to give birth was all that mattered now.

At the end, she was clinging to Specter, her fingers clenched in his coat. He had to drag her the last few steps. She knew she could not have made it without him.

But at last they were standing at the mouth of the cave. Diana paused, panting heavily. She did not dare use the flashlight to see if Eddy was following her up the path. She had to assume he was.

She moved into the dark cave and then turned on the light long enough to get her bearings.

"Over there, Specter."

The dog was already nosing along the floor of the cave, heading for the secret entrance to the hidden grotto as if he, too, sensed safety there.

Soul-shattering pain wracked Diana as she stepped through the hidden portal of the small chamber. She dropped the flashlight and fell to her knees. Instantly she was enveloped in comforting warmth. The heat from the pool was doing its job. She crawled farther into the grotto on her hands and knees. She no longer had the strength to spare to get back to her feet.

Then in the glow of the flashlight she saw Specter turn back toward the cave entrance and she knew for certain Eddy Spooner was, indeed, following.

"In here. Specter. Stay here, boy. We'll be safe in here." She no longer questioned that knowledge, but it was all she could do to get the words out of her mouth.

The dog returned to her side, hovering anxiously. Diana spread her coat out on the stone floor near the hot pool and switched off the flashlight. She couldn't take the chance that its beam might leak out through the entrance and betray her hiding place.

She fought to remove her clothing. Everything was damp, and she knew that only some of the moisture was from the spray off the falls. The rest was from her own body.

She bit back another scream as the next contraction peaked. She must already be heading into the transition phase, she thought. The pain was getting incredibly intense. She had been told that this stage would be the summit of difficulty.

'Difficulty' was another popular euphemism favored by instructors and books on the subject of childbirth preparation.

Translated, 'difficulty' meant unrelenting agony. Jennifer from 301 had been right.

A scream of anguish filled Diana's throat. At the last instant she realized dimly she could not release it. Her cry might guide Eddy to the hidden grotto entrance.

Colby, where are you? I need you now. Come to me. Help me.

Specter crouched near her head, licking her face. Her groping fingers found his leather collar. She unbuckled it, her hand trembling with the effort.

When the next contraction hit she shoved the leather between her teeth and bit down on the scream that threatened to consume her. At the height of the pain she told herself it wouldn't matter if Eddy walked in, found her, and killed her. At least the agony would be over and done with.

But she couldn't let her baby die, too. She had to protect Colby's child.

It was then she devised a deadly little mind game. She would count to ten, she told herself, take the leather out of her mouth and then give way to the scream that would get her killed.

When she reached ten, she decided she could get through one more ten-second count without screaming aloud.

When he reached ten a third time she made herself wait through yet another ten-second count.

Counting to ten became the only thing in the universe that mattered. She did it a fourth time, a fifth time and on and on while her teeth scored the heavy leather collar.

At some point she was vaguely aware of Specter barking loudly once and then deserting her. She wanted to tell him he mustn't make any noise, but she didn't have the strength to call to him.

She was in the middle of another ten-second count, her jaws clenched in agony, when a blinding light lanced across her pain-wracked body. She closed her eyes against the glare. It didn't matter. She couldn't handle anything except the pain.

"Diana."

Colby's voice pierced the red haze that surrounded her. She opened her eyes long enough to see his grim face reflected in the backglow of the flashlight he was holding.

"Knew you were alive," she panted. "Knew you would get here." The leather collar fell out of her mouth and her next shout of anguish filled the grotto.

"It's okay, honey. I'm here."

"Dad? Where are you? Where's Diana? Is she all right? Oh, Christ. Dad, she's having the baby."

"Trust Diana to try to do this on her own." But Colby's voice was infinitely gentle and soothing as he kneeled beside her. "Everything's going to be all right now, little amazon. I knew you would take good care of our baby until I got here. I knew I could count on you."

Diana let go, giving herself up to the urgent, overwhelming need to push that was suddenly hitting her. Everything would be all right now. Colby was here. She could hear him talking to her quietly and giving Brandon instructions. She didn't pay any attention to what was being said or done. Colby would know what to do. He always did. She concentrated on the job at hand. It was taking everything she had to get it done.

A few minutes later a new cry filled the little grotto. It was the lusty squall of a healthy newborn infant.

"She's here, Diana. Our little Tabby is here. Safe and sound."

Diana lifted her lashes and looked up at Colby. He was on his knees between her legs, holding his daughter in Brandon's denim jacket. In the glare of the flashlight Brandon held, she could see the brilliant expression of triumph and happiness in her husband's eyes.

"I love you, Diana."

"I love you, Colby." Diana relaxed. This time, she thought, Colby wasn't just practicing.

This time he meant it.

"You've got some visitors outside," the nurse announced as she took the sleeping infant from Diana's arms and replaced her in the cradle near the hospital bed. "Ready for them?"

Diana nodded, her gaze on her daughter. She still couldn't quite believe she was a mother. The door opened, and Brandon came in. He was followed by Margaret Fulbrook.

"Margaret." Diana stared at the other woman in delighted astonishment. "Good grief, you look fine. What are you doing out of bed? Are you all right?"

"Told you these young doctors don't know everything. Turned out I wasn't having a heart attack after all. All the fuss and pain was caused by something called a hiatal hernia. It mimics the symptoms of a heart attack and scares the daylights out of you." Margaret Fulbrook smiled at her. "How are you feeling, my dear?"

"A little tired," Diana admitted. "But mostly I'm frustrated. I've got a million questions, and every time I tried to get Colby to answer them last night he kept changing the subject."

Brandon grinned. "He was more interested in making sure you and the baby were all right than in answering your questions. Besides, after we got you two down from that cave, you kept drifting off to sleep every few minutes."

Diana had only fleeting memories of the trip down the path. She had been wrapped in a blanket supplied by the ambulance Brandon had summoned to the scene. Colby had carried her and one of the medics had carried little Tabitha. Specter was close behind. Diana had a vague recollection of Colby giving orders to everyone in the vicinity, but mostly she just remembered how safe she had felt cradled against him. "Tell me what happened, Brandon."

"You mean with Harry and Eddy?"

"Right." Diana looked at him. "I assume you and Colby had no trouble with Harry?"

"Piece of cake." Brandon's grin had a certain very familiar male cockiness about it. "Dad says this time around I was his sucker punch." His grin faded slightly and his expression grew more serious as he continued. "But when we realized you were in danger, Dad went wild. I doubt if any car, even that old 'vette Dad used to drive, ever made the kind of time on River Road your Buick made last night. Dad really is a hell of a driver, isn't he?"

Diana smiled at the admiration in Brandon's voice. "How did you know Eddy had taken me to the falls?"

"Harry told us."

Something in Brandon's eyes made Diana raise her brows. "Willingly?"

"Sort of." Brandon hurried on with his tale. "Harry said Eddy was supposed to push you over the falls. But when we reached the parking area and saw the 'vette was already there, Dad didn't even start up the path that leads to the top of the falls. He said he knew where you were. The next thing I knew we were climbing a ledge behind the falls."

"Chained Lady Cave," Margaret said softly. "Incredible. How did you ever make it up that path at night while you were in labor, Diana?"

"I couldn't think of anyplace else to hide. Specter had bought me some time by attacking Eddy. He sent Eddy into the pool. But the next thing I knew Eddy was climbing back out again and he still had his gun. So Specter and I headed for the cave."

"Dad says Specter gets steak every Saturday night for the rest of his life."

"Specter will hold him to that, I'm sure." Diana leaned back against the pillows. "Hurry up and tell me the rest. Once Colby gets back, he probably won't tell me a thing. All he'll want to discuss is breast-feeding techniques and how to change diapers."

Margaret Fulbrook shook her head, her smile wry. "Everyone in town is talking about Colby Savagar this morning.

As usual. He's more of a local legend than ever, after what he did last night."

"So, tell me what he did do last night. Brandon?"

Brandon leaned against the foot of the bed, his eyes alight with remembered excitement. "I followed Dad up the path. He had a flashlight, and he seemed to know where he was going. The next thing I knew, we were at the entrance to that cave. I heard this scream from out of the darkness and at first I thought it was you. Then I realized it was a man.

Then suddenly Eddy Spooner came flying out of nowhere, leaping at Dad. He was yelling like a madman."

"Oh, my God," Diana breathed.

"Spooner kept shouting something about how he wasn't going to let Dad ruin everything for him. He was nuts."

Brandon shook his head at the memory. "The flashlight went flying. I ran to grab it. When I turned the light on Dad and Eddy, they were fighting right at the mouth of the cave. I thought for a minute they were both going to go over the edge. But at the last instant. Dad rolled free. Eddy went over the falls."

Diana sucked in her breath. "Is he dead?"

"Yeah. They pulled his body out late last night."

"That poor man." Diana shook her head.

"I always knew Eddy Spooner would come to a bad end," Margaret Fulbrook declared.

"He was nuttier than a fruitcake," Brandon said. "He was the one who played those pranks on you last summer, by the way. Except for the one Robyn played, that is. Harry told the cops all about it this morning."

Margaret walked across the room to admire the sleeping baby. "Spooner couldn't stand the thought that Colby Savagar was back in town and that he had really made something of himself and his life. Eddy resented everything about Colby, including the fact that he was dating you. He didn't have the nerve to attack Colby directly last summer, so he took out his hostility against you."

"Harry was smart enough to figure out he could use Spooner's resentment," Brandon said.

"And all for nothing," Margaret said, her voice sad. "It's true I changed my will, but I never changed the amount I intended to leave Harry. He just assumed I had. The bulk of what's left of the Fulbrook money, and I'll be honest and tell you there isn't all that much left, still goes to this hospital. I only put in a small amount for Brandon. I knew Colby would never tolerate my leaving his son very much. And he's quite right. Too much money spoils a young person."

Diana opened her mouth to ask another question, but before she could speak there was a commotion in the doorway. Colby strode into the room, laden with packages.

"What's going on in here?" he demanded. "I told you I didn't want her tired out."

"1 was just filling her in on what happened last night, Dad." Brandon took some of the packages Colby was carrying. "What's in here?"

"Diapers, a used car seat from Brian McDonald and some odds and ends well need on the trip back to Portland,"

Colby explained absently. His eyes were on Diana as he walked over to the bed and took her hand. "How are you feeling, honey?"

"A little sore, but otherwise fine." She looked up at him with all her love in her eyes. "Thanks to you."

Colby grinned. "I don't know about that. You were doing okay on your own. You and that dog of yours." He fished something out of his pocket and dangled it in front of her. "I saved this for a souvenir."

"What's that?" Margaret Fulbrook frowned at the strip of leather in Colby's hand.

"The latest in modern pain control techniques for amazons in labor," Colby said. "Notice the teeth marks?"

"It looks like a dog collar!" Margaret exclaimed.

"It is," Brandon said behind her. "Diana had it between her teeth to keep herself from crying out."

"I was afraid Eddy would hear me and find the entrance to the grotto," Diana explained.

"Good heavens." Margaret Fulbrook smiled. "Colby isn't going to be the only local celebrity around here, Diana."

"Just what I always wanted to be," Diana murmured. "A legend in my own time. Ill have to be honest, however. If I had to do it over again, I'd make darn sure I did it the way it's supposed to be done: in a hospital, with all the latest state-of-the-art medical technology. And painkillers. Lots of painkillers. The amazon bit is for the birds."

But even as she said the words, she knew she had done it the way it was supposed to have been done, and when she met Colby's eyes she knew he understood that, too. When he had carried her out of the grotto last night she sensed something had changed in the small, hidden chamber. A sense of peace had descended.

Colby's hand tightened around hers. "I love you," he said, heedless of the others in the room.

"Practice makes perfect," Diana whispered.

Epilogue

At last he stood at the entrance to the cave. The roaring water was at his back, a heavy veil of glistening light that was no longer tinged with his blood. He walked slowly toward the hidden grotto, following the summons that had drawn him here.

He moved into the tiny, secret chamber and saw her waiting for him. She smiled at him with love in her eyes. She was holding the naked babe in her arms. Joy flooded through him because he knew that now they were free. She had broken the chains he had, in his arrogant rage, foolishly placed on all of them. He put out his hand.

She put her hand in his, confidence and trust and love welling up within her, washing away alt the old fear and fury. They had been given a second chance, and she knew that neither of them would throw it aside. They knew now that they belonged together.

They belonged together for they dreamed as one.

He led her out of the hidden grotto, down the path behind the falls and into the light of a new dawn.

When they were safe outside, the warrior peered more closely at the naked infant and then he laughed at the wonderful joke the gods had played on him. The babe was not the son he had expected. It was a girl child.

When he looked down into the woman's eyes, he saw his own laughter reflected there and he knew he had chosen well.

He had vowed to teach her that she could not escape her destiny as a woman, but it was he who had learned the most important lesson. She had taught him how to love.

Colby Came awake and knew at once that Diana was also awake. He sought her hand in the darkness.

"You, too?" he asked softly.

"Yes. It was different this time, though. There was a finished quality to it."

"The urgency was gone," he agreed. "I finally made it to the grotto. I mean, he finally made it to the grotto."

"And I was there, waiting. Or she was there. With the baby." Diana turned toward him, nestling close. "He was surprised that it was a girl."

Colby smiled. "I know. He saw it as a sort of cosmic joke on him. But he loves the baby. Almost as much as he loves the infant's mother. This time we both dreamed the exact same dream, didn't we?"

"Sounds like it. We set her free, didn't we, Colby?"

"We set them both free. He was as chained as she was. They were bound together. They still are, but in a different way." Colby's hand tightened around hers. "Just as you and I are bound together."

"Nobody would believe us if we tried to explain what happened in the cave."

"No, and I'm not sure how much of it I believe, myself. But it makes a good story. Well tell it to Tabitha when she's older."

"Do you think well go on having dreams about die cave now that we've lifted the curse?"

Colby gathered her against him, lost in her soft, luminous smile. "Honey, you might as well face it. You and I are going to be sharing our dreams for the rest of our lives."

