Chapter One

November 1885

When he was this drunk, there was only one thing to do. Steven McBride laid the rest of his money on the table and got unsteadily to his feet.

"Divide it," he said to the assembled men, his Scots accent slurring. "I cannae see my cards anymore, and you'll have it off me anyway. Good night."

His friends and acquaintances, some as drunk as himself, either laughed or grunted and went back to their cards. Bloody Scottish upstart, he knew many of them thought.

Some thought much worse than that-those who knew the story-by their dark looks. Army should have slung him out.

Steven knew exactly why he was imbibing to his eyeballs on his leave, and why he'd come home earlier this year. Knowing why did not make it any easier to leave the card room, navigate his way down the stairs-who the devil had put the card room upstairs?-and stagger into the street.

He looked up and down for his carriage, then remembered he'd hired a carriage to bring him to the soiree tonight. Steven vaguely remembered dismissing it, blast it all, telling the coachman he'd make his own way home.

The November cold was bitter, a wind sweeping down the street to cut straight through Steven's uniform coat. Steven's regiment was currently in West Africa, a land of warmth. Bloody great heat, actually, but Africa was an amazing world full of amazing people. Nothing there like this frozen London passage, wind howling down it, stinging him even in his drunken state.

Which way were his lodgings? Steven didn't have a permanent house in London, so he usually hired rooms whenever he came to town-flats that catered to single gentlemen. He stayed in the same area each time, but rarely in the same house or even the same street. Sometimes he didn't bother with rooms at all and stayed in a hotel like the Langham.

The Langham-had a familiar ring to it. Was Steven living there now? Or had that been last year?

Steven realized he was standing befuddled in the street, buffeted by the wind. Passersby, what there were of them on this bone-cold night, were looking at him askance.

The pungent, grassy smell of horse dung caught his attention. A carriage clopped slowly by, the horses doing what horses did even when walking about. Wildcats in Africa were cagey about where they relieved themselves, hiding it from all but the most canny hunters. London horses simply let it fall to the street, and humans came along behind and swept it up for them. Which animal was the more clever?

Steven half jogged, half stumbled toward the carriage. A hansom, that's what he needed. He could tell the cabby to take him to the Langham, where they'd find him a room, whether he'd booked in already or not.

The shape was wrong for a hansom, but Steven was past caring. He had to get somewhere, or he'd fall down in the street and spend the rest of the night unconscious on the cobbles. Even in this part of London, even in this weather, he doubted he'd have much left on him when he woke up.

The carriage stopped. Wind cut Steven, making his eyes water. He folded his arms against the cold, and ran toward the carriage, head down.

A woman bundled in a thick cloak and hood came out of the lighted house the carriage had halted before. As soon as she crossed the threshold, four or five other persons appeared out of nowhere to block her way.

"There she is!"

"Duchess ... Your Grace ..."

"Your Grace, my readers would love a description of your gown tonight ... Are you still in mourning?"

"Your Grace, how did it feel to have ensnared a duke, only to have him perish in the wedding bed?"

"Your Grace, there are rumors of you carrying on a flirtation with the Earl of Posenby. Or his son. Some speculate both. Would you tell us which it is?"

Bloody journalists, Steven thought in disgust. They were after some aristo, more dirt for the scandal sheets. Steven had no idea who the cloaked woman was and had no interest. He only wanted to climb into the carriage-private or not, he'd pay the coachman handsomely to take him anywhere.

Of course, he'd just thunked a large wad of money to the game table. Steven wondered vaguely if he had any left as he made a lunge for the coach.

The cloaked woman broke from the vultures-"Your Grace, is it true you're wintering in Nice with a comte?"

She put on a burst of speed. Steven stumbled on his drunken feet, and he and the woman met in a crash of flesh and breathlessness.

Steven found himself landing face-first on a bosom of exceptional quality. The woman's cloak had pulled away, revealing a gown fairly modestly cut but giving Steven enough bosom to enjoy. His cheek rested on warm flesh, his lips pressed onyx beads, and he inhaled a heady, womanly perfume.

He heard a heart beating rapidly under his ear, and a voice vibrating through a body of fine plumpness.

"Oh dear."

Steven tried to raise his head-not that he wanted to-but he couldn't. He could only lever himself up by grasping the woman by the h*ps and pulling himself upright.

The h*ps were a warm handful, the thighs beneath her skirts and stiff bustle even better. Steven climbed the poor woman, unbending himself as he went.

Unfortunately, his legs had stopped working. They gave way again, throwing his weight onto her. She retreated to compensate, but her back met the carriage door. Steven kept falling, his body landing full-length against hers, plastering her to the coach.

The woman's hood slipped down. Steven saw eyes of clearest green, a round face haloed by golden hair, flushed cheeks, and a wide mouth that begged for kisses. It would be rude to kiss her without asking first, but Steven didn't have the words to inquire.

His face and hers were very close together, the kissable lips an inch away.

"My dear fellow," the woman said breathlessly. "Are you all right?"

"No," Steven tried to say. "Damn, woman, but you're beautiful." The words came out a jumbled mess, in broad Highland Scots, but the journalists heard them.

"Your Grace, who is he?" "A regimental affair, is it? Or a Highland fling?" "What about the comte? And the earl?"

"Good Lord," came the impatient voice of Steven's angel. "Leave the poor man alone. Can't you see he's ill?"

"Falling down drunk is more like it," one of the journalists said, and laughed. "Who is he? Give us a name."

"You lot, clear off!"

The coachman had come down off the box, and flapped his hands at the journalists like a woman shooing chickens out of her garden. Steven wanted to burst out laughing. At the same time, a footman exited the house from which the woman had emerged and laid hands on Steven. Steven heard the cry of a constable coming up the street, along with the man's heavy footsteps.

"Off with you," the footman growled at Steven. The constable came faster, his tall helmet bobbing out of the gloom and making Steven laugh harder.

Laughter and the footman's heavy hands made Steven slide down the woman's body. He found the hard street beneath his knees, his face buried in her abdomen, the black bombazine of her gown smooth against his nose.

She smelled wonderful. The perfume didn't come from a bottle. It was her-soap and the scent of fabric, warmth and woman. Steven pressed a his face to her belly, wanting to take his ease with her.

"Sir." Her hands were on his hair. Steven snuggled in closer. If they'd been alone and without so many clothes, this would be the perfect way to finish the night.

She leaned to him, his angel, and whispered, "What on earth are you doing?"

"Loving you," Steven said. "You deserve every bit of loving a man can give you."

"Oh," she said. "You are very drunk, I believe. Perhaps the nice constable will see you home."

"No home." His home was a tent in Africa, under huge sky, in blessed warmth. "I have no home."

"Dear me, that's sad. Do you need money? Perhaps a meal?"

Steven's laughter returned. She thought him a homeless, helpless sot, and maybe he was.

The journalists surged forward. More people seemed to be on the street, and someone threw a stone. "Tart!" a woman yelled. "Be off with ye."

The coachman growled. He flung open the door of the coach and more or less hoisted the woman inside. Steven grabbed the door as it swung shut, hanging on to it to keep him upright. The coachman started to wrench him away, but the journalists pushed in, as did the sudden crowd. London loved a riot-best way to keep warm in the winter, Steven mused-any excuse to begin one.

"Miles, let him in. He'll get trampled."

Steven heard her voice, felt himself be hauled up under the arms by a man of amazing strength, and then he met the floor of the carriage. The door slammed, bumping Steven's booted foot. After a moment, the carriage jerked forward, and things splattered against it-the denizens making good use of the handy horse apples in the street.

The angel seemed to be speaking to him. Steven heard her clear voice but no words. He laid his head on her skirt, blissfully warm, and drifted off to sleep.

***

When Steven cracked open his eyes, it was daylight; at least as much daylight that could filter through the narrow, dirty window on a London winter day.

The narrow window went with the narrow room, wide enough only for a single bed and a corner washstand. That was all. No curtain or blind, no bureau, no cheerful fire, only a brick chimney that went up through the room and gave off a modicum of heat.

Where the hell was he? The last thing Steven remembered was a card game ...

No, a cold London street, someone throwing things ...

Green eyes, red lips curving into a little smile, and a scent like roses. Deep red roses, heady and intense.

Had Steven dreamed her? If so, he wanted to go back to sleep.

But the cold, Steven's pounding head, and details of the night were knocking for attention. He should climb out of bed, dress, and face his problems like a Scotsman and a soldier.

The bed was warm, and raising his head hurt like hell. Steven laid it back down.

He must have slept again, because when he opened his eyes again, the room was brighter. The door swung open, and in came his angel with a wooden tray heaped with crockery.

"Good morning," she said brightly. "Would you like some tea?"

Chapter Two

The unknown man stared at her over the bedcovers with bloodshot, sunken eyes, and a face covered with stubble. Rose reminded herself he was a pathetic creature, a war veteran, likely in need of charity.

The former soldiers she'd seen eking out a living on the streets weren't nearly as handsome as this one, though. Winter sunlight burnished his short hair golden, his whiskers too. His hard face was the bronze color of someone who'd spent time in a climate hotter than England's. Rose had thought him older on the street, but she could see now that he was a fairly young man, battered and suntanned from his profession.

The man's eyes, other than being bloodshot, were a profound gray. He pinned her with that gray gaze as though she were an enemy soldier, not a kind young woman come to bring him breakfast.

"They called you duchess," he said in a voice strong despite his obvious hangover.

"Briefly," Rose said, carrying the tray toward him. The tray had small legs and was designed to go over the breakfaster's lap, much like one her mother had owned. The lady of the house always took breakfast in bed, her mother had told the child Rose, the privilege of a wife. What had become of that tray Rose sadly didn't know. "I was Duchess of Southdown," Rose said. "Still am, really-the dowager duchess now. What do they call you?"

The man ignored her question, his gaze becoming more focused. "What I mean is, if you're a duchess, why are you carrying trays to hungover officers in your garret? If this is a garret. Where the devil am I?"

He had a pleasant Scots accent and a nice rumbling baritone to go with it. A lady could listen to his voice all day and not tire of it.

"This is Miles's house," Rose said. "He didn't know where else to bring you. Or me. Miles is my coachman. Well, he was my coachman. I'm staying with him at the moment."

"Your coachman."

"That's right." Rose gave him an encouraging smile. "Now I have tea here, and plenty of toast with jam and butter, and a bit of sausage. Mrs. Miles makes a wonderful breakfast. Perhaps Miles can find a few odd jobs for you to do for a bit of coin before you go. Would you like that?"

The man's look turned to a glare-perhaps Rose shouldn't have mentioned the work; his pride was obviously intact. He didn't soften his gaze, but he struggled to sit up, his nostrils widening at the scent of the hot food. He was hungry, poor lamb.

The man's bare torso emerged from the blankets, and Rose swallowed and tightened her hold on the tray. His shoulders and chest were broad and sunbaked, his chest dusted with golden curls. The hard planes of his torso made her remember him falling against her, how she'd felt the steel of muscle beneath his soiled uniform coat.

This man had honed his body, had fought with it, if the scarred fingers, healed from breaks, told her anything. She could imagine women running their fingers down his chest, finding the hollows and planes of it, touching the dark areola that slid above the sheet.

The man saw her gaze and tucked the sheet under his arms, hiding most of his chest. But he didn't stammer or apologize for his nakedness in front of a lady, nor did he try to burrow back under the bedclothes. He simply reached for the tray that she'd frozen to, pried it out of her hands, and settled it across his lap.

"Where are my clothes?" he demanded.

"Pardon?" Rose blinked, tearing her gaze from the play of his thick-muscled arms as he uncovered the toast and poured tea.

"Clothes," he repeated. "I'm not wearing any. Where are they?"

The bareness of him went all the way down, Rose realized. She clenched her hands, since she didn't have anything else to hold. "Miles took your uniform away to be cleaned. It was dirty from the streets."

"London streets will do that." The man took a long drink of tea, and another, and another. The liquid had to be scalding, but he gulped it down and poured another cup. "You still haven't told me why a duchess is living with her coachman," the man said, lifting the first piece of toast. "And her coachman's wife." He put away the half slice in two bites and reached for another.

"I'm a duchess, because I married a duke," Rose said. "I was plain Miss Barclay before that, but my family is all gone now." The sorrow of that tore at her, and it always would. "I'm stopping with my coachman, because I'm skint. I had been staying with a friend, but she asked me to leave last night-or, rather, hinted strongly that I should go. Can't blame her, really. Journalists follow me about, waiting for me to do something scandalous, which happens all the time, unfortunately. I'm telling you this to warn you, because I'm certain the story of you coming home with me is all over London this morning. If you keep your head down, I think you'll be all right."

"Probably too bloody late for that," the man said. He downed two more half slices of toast. "Why is a duchess skint? Some aristos are impoverished these days, but dukes seem to do pretty well, overall. What about your widow's portion? Your dower house? Your jewels?"

All very good questions. "Ah, well, you see, much of my fortune is dependent upon the current duke, my late husband's son by his first marriage," Rose said. "My stepson is one of these modern men-he'd been rushing about being something in the City before he came into the title last year, and he learned all about profits and losses, turning land to the best use, investments and capital, and so forth. The wife of a former duke isn't much of an investment, is she?" Rose shrugged, pretending that the soldier's blatant masculinity didn't unnerve her.

At the same time, Rose found it easy to talk to him. The man kept eating-she hadn't seen such a healthy appetite in years-and he watched her, listening to every word. Rose wasn't used to someone who truly listened, not anymore.

"You must have settlements," he said between bites. "A widow's portion. Use of a house for your lifetime."

Rose nodded. "If all were well, I would. But my stepson is trying his best to prove that the settlements aren't valid. I have a solicitor to fight him, but he hasn't made much progress. I can't pay him much, you see, and my husband's solicitor now works for the new duke."

The man finished the toast and ate the sausages in about four bites. "You said your family was gone."

She gave him a sad smile. "Papa never had much but his connections, and he left me penniless. I'd been contemplating advertising for a post as a companion or governess when I met Charles ... the duke. Soon after that, I became the second Duchess of Southdown." Rose let her thoughts go back to the fairy-tale glory of the wedding at St. George's, Hanover Square, the lavish entertainments afterward. Rose had been so happy that day. She was glad she hadn't known what was to come.

The man finished the last bite of sausage. "What happened?"

He sounded so interested that Rose peered at him. "You're not another journalist are you? Worming your way into my confidence with false pretenses?"

"Good God, no." The man laughed. When he did, he changed from hard-bitten soldier to a man of startling handsomeness, despite his unshaved face, sun-browned body, and shorn hair. "I'm only a grateful sinner, lass, glad of a warm bed and bit of breakfast."

His accent sent pleasant tingles down Rose's spine. "Not that it would matter. There is nothing about my life that hasn't been splashed across the newspapers. A young second wife is always food for gossip. I knew things would be difficult when I accepted Charles's proposal, but I never knew how vicious it could become."

"Gossips are all malicious," he said around the last swallow of tea. "Especially about beautiful women."

The flattery was delivered so even-handedly that Rose's face heated. She cleared her throat. "Now, I've told you my life story-what is yours? May I have a guess? Served your regiment faithfully for years, then they discharged you with nothing to live on? A common tale, I'm afraid. One of the charities my husband supported helps soldiers shunted unceremoniously back to England. They might be able to do something for you."

The man leaned back, breakfast over, and ran one hand through his shorn hair. "My story is that, in the regiment, I'm an honorable man. Outside it, I drink too much, gamble too much, and too much like ..." He made a vague gesture, his cheekbones going red.

Rose broke into a grin. "Ah, the ladies. The downfall of many a man, as Charles used to say."

The man's gaze roved her, as though he tried to decide what to make of her. His look was thorough, that was certain. He would see a young woman in black, buttoned up to her chin, her only jewelry a mourning broach and a string of onyx beads. Rose should really be in half mourning now or even out entirely, because Charles had been gone a year, but she couldn't afford to change her wardrobe. She'd likely be in black the rest of her life.

"You've been kind," the man said. "If you'll bring me my clothes, I'll leave you in peace."

Disappointment bit Rose, surprisingly so. She'd been enjoying speaking to him, pouring out things to him she'd been bottling up for nearly a year. Her girlhood friends, though they tried to be kind, didn't really want to talk. Not about things that mattered.

"You don't have to," she said quickly. "It's no bother, and as I said, Miles can find you things to do, so you can have some coin to take with you."

He rubbed a hand along his jaw. "What I'd truly like is a razor."

"That can be supplied. I'll ask Mrs. Miles."

Rose reached for the tray. In the confinement of the room, leaning down put her close to him, and she found his face a few inches away. His eyes were stormy gray, a beautiful color.

He did smell a little of whiskey, but the overall scent of him was warm, with a bite of spice. A man a woman would want to curl up with. No wonder ladies got him into trouble-he must attract them by the score.

"What is your name?" she asked, her voice barely working. "If you don't mind telling me."

"Steven," he said. The rumble flowed over her. "McBride. Captain, Twenty-Second Fusiliers."

Rose couldn't move. "Pleased to make your acquaintance."

His gaze moved to her lips, lingered there for a moment, almost as though he wanted to kiss her. Rose imagined it-his mouth would be strong, Captain McBride kissing her because he wanted to, not asking nicely for it. No politeness. Just desire, a man and a woman, and winter sunshine.

Rose dragged in a breath. She tried to make herself straighten up, but she couldn't. Captain McBride had a virile handsomeness behind the rough whiskers, not to mention a dangerous and compelling way about him.

Run away with me, Rose wanted to say. She longed to flee the constraints her life, the narrow confinement of mourning and shame, the rabid hunger of the journalists. She imagined herself roving the world with this man, both of them free and laughing, sleeping rough, snuggled together.

Poor and starving, shunned by gentlefolk, and prodded by constables. Ah yes, such a golden land she pictured.

Steven's expression changed, softening suddenly, and Rose realized she'd smiled at him. The hardness left his face, making him look so tender that Rose nearly dropped the tray.

He lifted one finger and brushed it across her cheek.

Compared to the way he'd clutched her last night, burying his face in first Rose's bosom then her stomach, the touch was nothing. But fire arced from his fingertips and shot swiftly down her body, lighting every feminine place.

Captain McBride slid his fingertip to her lips. Then his breath, warm and smelling of tea, touched her mouth.

"You'd better find me that razor," he said, his Scottish voice soft.

"What?" Rose blinked. "Oh. Yes. Of course. At once."

She made herself straighten up, the tray pressed hard to her stomach. Captain McBride kept his gaze on her, as palpable as his touch, as she backed away from the bed.

Rose forgot the room was so tiny, and she stumbled into the wall. She righted herself with a laugh, her onyx beads bumping her chest, and she swung away.

Now her skirt got caught on the bedpost. Rose tugged at it, but she couldn't grab it and hold the tray at the same time.

Captain McBride came halfway out of the bed, the covers sliding down to bare his chest, his side, the curve of his hip. Rose stilled, her eyes widening as he reached for the trapped skirt. She'd only seen a body like his in classic statues she was not supposed to look at. But cold marble had nothing on the living flesh of Steven McBride.

Steven tugged her skirt loose and sat back down, unselfconscious. Rose was free now, but she couldn't make herself cease staring at him. He noticed of course, but he said nothing, only met her gaze with a challenging one of his own.

Rose at last forced herself to turn away and open the door, but again, she had to juggle the tray to navigate the door handle.

A brown hand came around her and pressed the old-fashioned door handle down for her, Steven's strong arm pulling the door open. Rose had no breath. She knew she shouldn't dare peek behind her and look at him, but she couldn't help herself.

He'd managed to bring the quilt with him, wrapped around his waist. Even so, most of his upper body was bare, the heat of it pouring at Rose through her clothes.

"Thank you," she whispered.

Steven smiled, a devastating, knock-a-lady-down smile that had nothing feeble about it. Captain McBride knew Rose liked looking at him, and he didn't mind one bit.

She drew a stifling breath, yanked herself away from him, and scuttled out the door. Rose was halfway down the stairs when she heard his deep and satisfying laughter.

***

The duchess was scintillating. Not an adjective Steven used much in his life, but Rose Southdown was a lovely, lively woman. Her sad story, delivered with an oh-well-things-could-be-worse briskness tugged at his heart.

The coachman's wife, a plump and pink-cheeked woman, brought up the hot water and razor, and also the pile of Steven's clothes, brushed out and mostly clean. Steven was disappointed Rose hadn't delivered them herself, but he'd probably scared her away, coming out of the bed like that.

She'd been married, yes, but to a middle-aged man. Steven remembered meeting the Duke of Southdown once at a soiree at Hart Mackenzie's mansion. Southdown had been a pleasant enough chap in the English country gentleman sort of way. Hounds, horses, and farming had been his world. Though Southdown was a duke, the highest of the aristocracy, Steven couldn't help feeling the man would have been more at home talking in the pigsty with his steward about animal husbandry than making pleasantries in a Mayfair drawing room.

Rose's marriage meant she'd shared a bed with a man, but her shyness with Steven had been deep. Likely Southdown hadn't removed all his clothes when he came to his wife, only enough of them to do the business.

Or, perhaps Steven wronged the man. Who wouldn't look at that angel and not fling off his nightshirt and bear her down to the bed?

Mrs. Miles filled the basin, deposited Steven's cleaned and brushed uniform, gave him a cheery smile, and left him to carry on. Steven filmed his face with soap and carefully shaved his face. Felt good to wash away the stains of travel, too much whiskey, and whatever he'd fallen into out in the street.

He knew he was putting off the inevitable lingering here, but the inevitable was going to be difficult. He couldn't accomplish the task today anyway, he already knew that. So why shouldn't Steven take his comfort with the pretty and intriguing widow, cushioning himself against what was to come?

He was closing up the clasps on his uniform jacket when someone knocked on the door. To his "Come," the plain paneled door swung open to reveal Rose once more.

This time she had a newspaper in her hand, and her face over it was agitated. "I beg your pardon," she said, then she stopped and stared at him.

Steven said not a word as he finished doing up the buttons, straightening his jacket. Rose flushed as red as his army coat as she realized her mistake at thinking him a pathetic resident of the streets.

"I beg your pardon," she repeated. "But they've done it. Miles tried to break it to me gently, but I'm afraid they've included you too."

"Who has done what?" Steven asked.

For answer, Rose thrust a handful of newspapers at him. Steven turned the first one to where she pointed and read.

The Scandalous Duchess caught again, in the arms of Captain Mc-, a Fusilier in Her Majesty's Army. Will wedding bells ring, or will they play a different tune?

The second said, Our favorite Duchess comforts a Scottish officer in the street. A Moral Tale.

The third newspaper showed a cruel cartoon of Rose, her bosom exaggerated, and Steven, all arms and legs and chin, pinning her to the coach. The two weren't exactly copulating in the picture, but the cartoon strongly suggested it. "Ken ye assist me, lassie?" Captain McB-, brother-in-law to those notorious Scots, the Mack-z-s, asks a favor from a Duchess, late of S-d-n. Nothing too sacred for Queen and Country.

Nonsense, but when Steven looked up at Rose, tears stood in her pretty green eyes. "I'm so sorry," she said. "I seemed to have landed you in it."

The scandal sheets printed filth, and she was apologizing. Steven tossed the papers to the bed. "No, love, I'm sorry I've landed you in it. Don't worry, I've weathered worse. I'll take myself away, and the scandalmongers will forget in a few days, when something more juicy comes their way."

A shame, but there it was. Perhaps when Steven finished his duty and had leave again, he could find her and speculate on what might have been. That is, if another aristo hadn't snatched Rose up in the meantime. A woman as headily desirable as this one wouldn't stay alone for long, unless every man in London was blind and stupid.

Rose chewed her lower lip, a fine sight, and her brows drew into an agitated frown. "I'm afraid the scandalmongers will not let you get away so easily. They followed me home, it seems, or were bright enough to come here-I'm sure a few coins in the right hands let them know I spent the night in the coach house behind the duke's mansion. With you."

Looking into her eyes, Steven wished like hell he'd spent the night in the way the journalists speculated. He and Rose in the narrow bed, cuddled under the blanket against the November cold, bare flesh to flesh.

Steven started to get hard at the thought, the buttons of his trousers suddenly too snug.

Rose watched him, worry for him in her expression. For him, Steven realized. For the drunkard who'd fallen on her and made her life even more wretched.

"We can slip you out the back," she was saying. "Or Miles can take you in the coach, perhaps quickly enough so they can't follow. To a train out of London?"

Yes, Steven could board a train for Scotland, bury himself at his brother Elliot's estate, fishing and playing with his niece and new nephew. Forget that he'd ever seen Rose Southdown and had the pleasure of being na**d in her bed-unfortunately not in the way he'd have wished.

But no, he had errands to run, even if the result would be hell. He'd get away, but not lightly.

Or ...

Steven shot her a sudden smile, his natural wickedness pushing aside all thoughts of running. "Send for your coach," he said. "Have it meet us in the front of the main house, or wherever the journalists are prowling. Put on your best frock, and come out with me."

Rose's eyes widened, but she looked curious rather than afraid. "What on earth for?"

"Because we're going to face them. If they want scandal, we'll give them scandal. We'll ram it down their throats. And then we'll turn the tables." He held out his hand. "Do you trust me?"

Rose's green eyes danced. "I have no idea. I've only just met you."

"Good. I'll tell you all about my ideas on the way."

"On the way where?"

"The Langham. I have a room there, but I'll have them put us in a couple of suites."

Rose's smile began, a wickedness matching his own. "Us?"

"This will take courage, but I'm certain you're up to it. Any woman who dragged a drunken, dirty lout home with her and carried breakfast to him in the morning has courage, in my opinion. Are we agreed?" Steven stuck out his hand again, and this time, Rose took it.

"Agreed."

Steven shook her soft, warm hand, but that was much too businesslike. He raised the backs of her fingers to his lips. "Agreed."

He wanted to haul her all the way against him and kiss her very kissable mouth, but Steven took pity on her and let her go.

"I will meet you downstairs," Rose said. Her eyes were alight, her face beautiful. "Au revoir."

She laughed and breezed out, leaving the room much emptier.

***

Rose knew she had to be mad as she hurried down to her own room, but she pushed the objections out as she donned her Sunday best. The gown was black bombazine and quite plain, but looked well enough. Rose settled its small bustle and put the matching hat on her head.

Downstairs she walked out of the coach house and through the passage to the main house. The interior was dark and musty-smelling-Albert wasn't in residence, and rarely opened the place even when he was in Town. Charles would be so unhappy; he'd loved this house.

Rose swung open the front door, which had already been unbolted, and walked out, head high, to face the mob.

Most were journalists in black suits and hats, with three or four female scribblers in their midst. The women who followed Rose tended to be even harder on her than the men-the men at least could sometimes remember to be gentlemen. The women always let Rose have the worst of their opinions.

The crowd surged forward, intent upon her, but Rose remained firmly on the doorstep, glancing about for her carriage as though she didn't notice the scandalmongers. The coach was coming, driven by Miles, and when it stopped at the door, Steven got out of it.

Seeing him resplendent in his clean and brushed red uniform, the gold braid gleaming in the winter sunshine, Rose wondered how she'd ever though him a pathetic castaway of the streets. Darkness, grime, and the rife smell of drink had convinced her, but there was no trace of dirt and alcohol now.

Steven stood tall and strong, his hatless head the color of sunshine. His hair was cropped close, as some military men's were, and he was clean-shaven, young gentlemen nowadays eschewing the heavy moustaches, beards, and mutton-chops of the older generation.

The journalists watched, agog, as Steven walked through them, took Rose by the arm, and led her to the carriage. At the carriage door, he lifted her hand to his lips, pressed a warm kiss to her glove, then helped her inside.

He jumped onto the carriage step, turning to beam a smile at the collected journalists. "Congratulate us," he said, then he sprang inside, snapped the door closed, and rapped on the roof to signal Miles to go on.

The coach jerked forward, the horses moving into a trot on this relatively empty street. A few intrepid scribblers jogged after them but gave up as the carriage turned a corner and was swallowed by thicker traffic.

"Congratulate us on what?" Rose asked as Steven settled into the seat opposite her.

Steven's grin beamed out, his eyes sparkling with merriment. "Our betrothal," he said.

Chapter Three

"Our ..." Rose's words died as she clutched the velvet-cushioned seat. "I beg your pardon-our what?"

Steven's grin had faded, but he sat forward, animated, light glinting on the bright buttons of his uniform coat.

"Hear me out, love. If we tell the journalists we've been engaged all this time, they'll have to eat what they've been printing about you. Always entertaining, watching scandal-sheet scribblers backpedal."

"But ..." Rose struggled for breath. Was he insane? She couldn't pretend to be engaged to him. She'd only just met him.

And yet ... The camaraderie she'd sensed with Captain McBride was still between them. He was smiling, encouraging her, wanting her to dare to do this.

And why not? The journalists liked to print stories about Rose-from how much her wedding gown had cost to the shocking fact that the first duchess's jewels had been around her neck when she'd walked down the aisle. They hadn't, in fact, been jewels Charles had purchased for his first wife, but ones that had belonged to his mother. The first duchess had never worn those, preferring more modern pieces.

If the journalists were going to print stories, why not make certain they wrote about what Rose wanted them to? As Steven said, turn the tables on them?

She'd not had the courage to face them before. But with Steven beside her, Rose was again finding the playfulness she'd had when Charles had courted her-her willingness to ignore convention was one of the things that had attracted Charles to her. Lively, Charles had called her. And cheeky.

Rose sat forward to meet him, sunlight playing between them. "An enticing thought," she said, wanting to laugh. "But what happens when the charade is at an end? If they believe I jilted you, they will lambaste me."

"Not necessarily." Steven's gray eyes were alight, he looking less hungover by the minute. "I intend to make sure that by the time we are finished, you'll have plenty of money and can go anywhere you like, do as you please, to hell with what anyone thinks. I have access to some of the best solicitors in London-in all of Britain, in fact-both through my barrister brother and my Mackenzie connections through my sister. Those solicitors could make your stepson cough up what is legally owed you as well as bring suit against the newspapers."

Rose listened, excitement rising, while Steven rattled this off. "You thought of all this standing in your bedroom this morning, did you?"

Steven shrugged. "It came to me when you told me the vultures were lying in wait at the front door. I didn't want to leave you to face them alone. With one stroke, you can foil all your enemies." He slashed his hand down, brushing her knee in the process. Warmth blossomed there, and Rose wanted to both laugh and shiver.

It sounded like such fun-Steven was handing her a tendril of hope, one she wanted to grab and not let go.

She tried to make herself calm. "There is one catch in your plan, you know. If I am betrothed to you, my skinflint stepson will say he has no need to part with any brass at all. A husband takes care of a wife. I won't get the settlements if he believes I'm ready to marry again."

Steven gave her an admonishing look. "You leave that to me and the solicitors. Hart Mackenzie employs the best and most ruthless in the realm, and my brother Sinclair knows them all personally. The solicitors will work behind the scenes to bring you what you're owed, while in front of them, you and I will work to restore your good name." He lifted the window blind to look briefly out at the cold morning, then dropped it. "I've already sewn the seeds, so you need to go along with it, don't you?"

The smile he turned on her as he said the last words crumbled any kind of objections. Steven McBride could make anyone do anything he wanted with such a smile, she decided, which did strange things to her heart.

Rose sank back to the seat, fanning herself with her black-gloved hand. "Why on earth would you do all this for me? You don't even know me."

"I'll say I'm repaying your kindness in taking me home when you thought I was a drunken vagrant. Most ladies would sweep their skirts aside or shout for the police. You felt sorry for me instead."

"I showed you a kindness, so you wish to pretend to be engaged to me?"

He shrugged. "The ruse also gives me a beautiful lady to escort about. You must keep up your end of it and accompany me everywhere. There are certain ... attentions I wish to avoid on this trip. A respectable young woman at my side will be just the thing."

Rose shot him an amused look though she felt a twinge of envy. "The ladies again?" Women likely fell at his feet, and the fact that Steven had to stave them off meant they were many and determined. "Are you certain you wish to be hampered by a fiancee?"

Steven's look softened, as it had earlier in his bedroom, the hard man becoming a gentle one. "No man could be hampered by you, Rose."

Even the way he said her name, with a slight roll to the R, curled heat through her.

Rose cleared her throat. "We'll be closely watched. If you do encounter a lady you wished to spend time with, you'll have difficulty slipping away with all the journalists pressing against us." She meant to tease, but Steven gave her a serious look.

"Trust me, I'll not want to. I'm on leave for two months, one of which I'll spend in Scotland with my family. I'm not looking for frivolity." Steven's gaze moved down her tightly buttoned dress to the h*ps he'd clasped last night. "Though I can understand a gentleman wanting to be frivolous with you."

Rose blushed until she thought her face would scorch. "A business arrangement then," she made herself say. "You help me win back my money and reputation, and I guard you from unwanted attention."

"Exactly." Steven held out his hand, his grin returning. "Shall we shake on it?"

"You enjoy shaking hands." Rose held out her own. "We did this upstairs."

Steven closed his fingers around hers, the warmth of him coming through his gloves. He exuded so much strength, so much competence, that it filled the her, bolstering her.

Rose could do this. If he was adamant about doing her a good turn, she could do him one when this was over. If Captain McBride managed to help Rose get the money Charles wanted her to have, she'd reward him well. Then she'd leave England and travel as she'd always wanted to. Hire a companion instead of being one, and go off to see the world.

The heat of his touch, however, made Rose's pulse flutter as it never had before. A voice whispered inside her that every moment spent in the company of Steven McBride was a danger to her, and Rose believed it.

***

Memories of the previous day came to Steven as they rolled up to the Langham, a grand hotel situated where Regent Street transitioned to Portland Place. He had taken rooms here, but in his befuddled state of drink last night, Steven hadn't recalled that.

He'd sought drink not in his usual pursuit of entertainment, but to bolster his courage. His reason for returning to England early for Christmas was a sad one, which he'd have to face soon. Helping Rose would be a way to help him assuage the sadness and perhaps make up for the man he hadn't been able to save.

The hotel's manager, a well-dressed gentleman with a voice more posh than any duke's, came forward at Steven's beckoning as the doorman helped Rose out of the carriage. "A suite for the lady?" the manager repeated Steven's request. "Of course, sir. It is no trouble."

The man had always been accommodating to Steven, liking Steven's habit of tipping well, as well as liking his Mackenzie connections. The Mackenzies had been staying at the Langham for years, Cameron Mackenzie, Steven's brother-in-law, practically living there for long stretches at a time. The Mackenzie family had plenty of money, the McBrides, plenty of respectability-a fine combination.

Rose had already attracted a crowd who pointed and whispered as she swept in-the scandalous Duchess of Southdown was in their midst-highly entertaining. Rose pretended not to notice as she spoke cheerfully to the doorman. She slipped a small coin to the very young footman trying to carry all her bags at once, winning an adoring look from him. Rose had nothing, and yet she spared others what little she could.

The manager, obviously having decided that if Rose was now engaged to Steven, Steven might be able to keep her under some sort of control, turned away to bark orders at his underlings.

Steven moved back to Rose, ready to begin his role. Wouldn't be difficult, he thought as he neared her. She was a graceful and lovely woman, plump rather than painfully slender as fashion dictated. Ringlets of golden hair haloed Rose's face under her mannish hat-a creation with the brim curled up on one side and a black veil drifting down her back.

When Rose turned to greet Steven, her face flushing with her smile, something twisted in Steven's heart. She was speaking but he couldn't hear, and he couldn't move his gaze from her. Couldn't move his feet either, for that matter.

But Steven was practiced at verisimilitude, and he pasted a smile on his frozen mouth. "All right, darling?"

Rose's eyes widened at the endearment, but she checked her surprise. Her voice when she answered was breathless, just as it would be when they were in bed, when they'd finished ...

Stop. Hard-ons in the lobby of the Langham were frowned upon. Must be.

"Yes, of course," Rose said. "Where shall I direct them to send my luggage?"

Steven forced the lump to leave his throat so he could answer smoothly. "The manager has it well in hand." The obsequious man, indeed, had glided across the floor to give more orders to the footmen. "Shall we go up?"

Rose nodded and took Steven's offered arm, her body warm at his side. Steven led her through the staring crowd toward the staircase. They could have taken the lift, which rested between the sweeping flight of stairs, but Steven wanted everyone to see, to notice, to report.

On the first landing, as though oblivious of the men and women around them, Steven twined his arm around Rose's waist. He looked at her, only her, ignoring the rest of the world.

Easy to do, gazing into those beautiful green eyes, her face pink with excitement and a bit of guilt. Steven pulled Rose a little closer and brushed his lips across hers.

The tiniest kiss, that of a man unable to stop himself touching his beloved, but Steven's body nearly exploded. Heat rushed from Rose's soft mouth to burn through every nerve of him. Steven's heart constricted again, and if there was a rule against full-blown hard-ons on the hotel's main staircase, he was in trouble.

Rose's breath was warm, her body a soft bit of heaven. Her lips parted as Steven lifted away from her, her eyes half-closed with the stirrings of desire.

No wonder Rose was followed about, no wonder her every move filled the scandal sheets. Every man in London must be falling over his feet to have her, their pursuit giving the scribblers plenty to write about. Now they'd write about Steven as well, and his privilege of kissing this beautiful woman.

Rose blinked a little, no doubt wanting to tell him to go to the devil, but she kept up the pretense and gave him a little smile instead. No one passing would believe anything but that Rose was happily engaged to Steven. He tightened his arm around Rose and led her on up the stairs.

Steven's lips burned from the brief contact, firing him from the inside out. If he got out of this little charade alive, it would be a bloody miracle.

***

"A tricky problem," the solicitor said.

Steven and Rose sat in comfortable chairs in the parlor of Rose's suite at the hotel that afternoon, the solicitor, Mr. Collins, facing them. Mr. Collins was surprisingly young-Rose surmised he couldn't have been more than his early thirties. But he came highly recommended by both the Duke of Kilmorgan and Steven's barrister brother, Sinclair McBride. Mr. Collins had a shock of bright red hair, a tastefully trimmed moustache, and a neat black suit. Everything correct.

Steven had changed out of his regimentals and had donned a McBride plaid kilt, plain white shirt and waistcoat, and a black frock coat. He wore thick wool socks that emphasized his strong calves, and low leather shoes. Rose could not help surreptitiously running her gaze over him, more than once. More than twice. He made a delectable picture.

The suite he'd procured for her was one of the most elegant in the hotel. The parlor had a cluster of velvet-cushioned sofas and chairs drawn near a marble fireplace, with a heavily carved dining table and matching chairs on the other side of the room. A gas chandelier above them stretched out gilded arms ending in etched globes to soften the harsh light. Tall, draped windows graced the other side of the room, the lace curtains letting in patterns of sunshine.

The bedroom was still more elegant, with a large carved bed heaped generously with pillows, the dressing table more vast than the one she'd had in her dressing room at Sittford House, the Duke of Southdown's estate. Everything Rose needed for a comfortable stay had been provided, including a maid to look after her.

Captain McBride was giving all this to her. When Rose had tried again to ask him why, he'd shrugged and said of course he'd take care of his betrothed. He'd told Miles to go home to his wife-Miles still technically worked for Albert, though Albert rarely came to town. Albert kept Miles and the coach simply so he wouldn't have to take a hansom from the train whenever he did arrive in London.

Steven would arrange for the transportation from now on, he'd said. He'd slipped Miles a handful of banknotes, saying they were compensation for Miles putting Steven up for the night and feeding him in the morning. Miles had been touched, Rose could see.

"The entail is very clear," Mr. Collins was saying. "Albert Ridgley, the new Duke of Southdown, of course inherits the title, house, and land, and all moneys and goods tied to the house. The new duke has no legal obligation to give you anything, Your Grace, except what was specified in the marriage settlements, or put into trust for you by your own family-but Mr. McBride has told me that your family was gone before you married and left you with little."

"That is true," Rose said. "My father had nothing to leave." She stopped, her grief for her charming but rather feckless father never far away.

Mr. Collins made noise rustling papers, as though giving her time to compose herself. Steven was watching Rose, though, his gray gaze taking in her grief with understanding.

"The new duke is blocking the settlements on you, claiming ..." Mr. Collins kept leafing through papers Rose had no idea where she'd obtained. "Here it is. Claiming that your marriage to the duke wasn't quite legal."

Rose nodded. "I know he is. But I don't know how he can say that. My marriage to Charles was perfectly all right-Albert attended the ceremony himself. The banns were read the requisite number of weeks before the wedding day, a bishop conducted the service, and we signed a register, everything done properly. We didn't elope clandestinely in the middle of the night or anything like that." She waved her hand. "It was a perfectly aboveboard service, Mr. Collins. I remember it well." Rose flashed him a smile. "I was there."

Mr. Collins flushed and moved uncomfortably. "Yes, I'm certain you were, Your Grace. But the new duke's solicitor showed me the evidence he had when I went to him to challenge him. The new duke is putting forth that the marriage isn't legal because-my apologies, Your Grace-because you were already married at the time."

His voice died away, and Rose shot to her feet, eyes wide. "Rubbish."

Steven was up next to her, a hand on her arm. "What the devil are you talking about, Collins?"

Collins went as red as his hair, but he rose politely and held out a piece of paper. "I'm afraid it's here."

Steven snatched the paper from him as Rose clenched her fists. She liked that Steven came back to stand next to her, shoulder to shoulder, to look at the damning document with her.

It was a copy of a parish register from a church near Dundee in Scotland. On it was a plainly written entry:

Rose Elizabeth Barclay and Keith Erskin, married, June, 1880.

Chapter Four

Rose stared at the two names in shock. One was hers, Rose Elizabeth Barclay, in fine copperplate handwriting. The other was Keith Erskin, her first beau, a young man she hadn't seen in years.

Steven was watching her, his shoulder still against hers. His voice was low, calming, but at the same time brooking no lies. "Did you know this Mr. Erskin?"

Rose's breathing came with difficulty, the names swimming before her eyes. "Yes, of course, I knew him. But I never married him. Never was even betrothed to him." Rose looked at Mr. Collins, who regarded her with his stoic solicitor's expression. Steven only waited, so close that the heat from his body warmed her side. "It was another scandal, but this never happened. I promise you."

Rose expected Steven to demand an explanation, for her to tell him that she'd lied, and the certificate was true. But he only gazed at her, his eyes light gray among the parlor's garish colors, before he handed the paper to back Collins. "Must be a forgery."

Collins shrugged as he took the page. "I considered that the document was false, and I will look into it. But it is the argument the new duke is using to keep you from any funds, and out of the dower house." He tucked the offending paper away and cleared his throat. "Your Grace."

Rose hadn't moved her gaze from Steven who looked steadily back at her. "You believe me?"

Steven's eyes were quiet as he gave her a nod. "You'd best know who you married and who you didn't, wouldn't you?"

She couldn't help letting a corner of her mouth turn upward. "And who I'm betrothed to?"

Steven's almost-smile in answer made her face grow warm. "Exactly. It's a forgery, Collins." He guided Rose back to her chair, his hand strong on hers, and they all sat again. "Make the new duke admit it."

"I will do so," Mr. Collins said, sounding determined. "You may at least take comfort, Your Grace, of the duke's bequests to you in his will. You have those, if nothing else."

Rose blinked, her attention dragged from Steven. "Charles left me something in his will? I had not heard this."

Mr. Collins regarded her in surprise that turned quickly to shock. "Are you saying you were not made aware of the will's contents?"

Rose clenched her hands on the chair's carved arms. "Albert and his solicitor told me the will had nothing to do with me. Blast the man." Her temper rose as she realized the extent of Albert's treachery. "He's tried to cut me out at every turn."

Mr. Collins shuffled more papers, apparently his method of diffusing a tense situation. "Your stepson might contest the bequest, of course, but what the late duke left you, I'm happy to say, is to you by name, absolutely, and not dependent on trusts, settlements, and former relationships."

"Get on with it, Collins," Steven said. "Tell her it's something like the sum of twenty thousand guineas, to be settled on her without question."

"Unfortunately not." Mr. Collins looked apologetic and smoothed another paper in front of him. "He names no sum."

"What does he name, then?" Rose asked, as impatient as Steven.

Collins cleared his throat again and read from the page he'd pulled out. "To Rose Elizabeth, nee Barclay, whom I regard in the highest esteem, and because of her kindness, patience, and caring nature, I leave two pieces of furniture of her choice from Sittford House, my ducal seat, and all the contents of those two pieces, whatever they may be. To be hers absolutely, for her use, or for her to dispose of as she sees fit."

Collins lowered the paper, and Rose stared at him, puzzled. "Two pieces of furniture? Are you certain?"

Mr. Collins put his finger on the line. "Quite certain."

"What an odd thing for him to do," Rose said softly. Charles had proved he'd had a taste for whimsy, but she wished he'd been more practical on this matter. A sum of money, no matter how small, or a pair of diamond earrings, or even Charles's favorite horse, would have been welcome. Furniture was nice, but she no house in which to put it.

Steven was frowning, but his voice vibrated comfortingly. "Some old furniture can be valuable. Had the duke any good pieces?"

"Charles's collection was famous," Rose said, feeling nothing. "Sittford House has furniture and artwork from many periods of history, handed down through the family. But I thought it was all connected to the estate."

"Much of it is," Collins said, his apologetic tone becoming even more so. "The paintings and the more priceless of the antiques are part of the trust and must remain with the estate." He gave Rose a look of sympathy. "If it's any consolation, your stepson can't sell them either."

Steven frowned and brought his scarred fingertips together. "All the contents of the two pieces. Interesting way of putting it. Maybe he left her something in a bureau somewhere in the house. Jewels or something like that."

Mr. Collins considered. "It is possible. Any jewels, though, that belong to the family stay with the family, unless the duke bought them specially for you."

Rose shook her head. "Anything I wore belonged to Charles's mother." Albert hadn't liked that one bit.

"You're saying Albert gets his paws on everything," Steven said, still frowning. "Except a few sticks of furniture. Not very fair to Rose."

"Not everything is attached to the estate," Mr. Collins said. "You'd have to go to the house or look at an inventory, Your Grace. I suggest you make an inventory yourself. Perhaps there was something your husband knew you liked, but feared to state it specifically in the will, in case his son tried to destroy it or sell it. The new duke can hardly get rid of every piece of furniture in the house to keep you from having any."

"He might," Rose said darkly. "Albert is as tightfisted as they come." She lifted her chin. "But he's kept me from what Charles wanted this long. I believe I'll pay him a visit and take my two pieces of furniture, blast him."

Steven reached over and rested his hand on hers. His fingers were hot, warmth on this cold, rain-streaked day. "Good for you," he said. His eyes too, held heat, and a strength that Rose wanted to draw into herself. When he released her to turn back to Collins, his warmth remained, as though he'd gifted it to her.

"Is that all?" Steven asked Collins. "Nothing else she can do?"

"Not for the moment," Collins said. "I'll work to prove the marriage registered in Scotland never occurred, and fight for your settlements. I am good at what I do, if I say so myself, Your Grace. I wouldn't give up yet."

"Thank you." Rose's anger fell away in a rush of gratitude. "I've not had any hope since the day Charles passed. Bless you, Mr. Collins." She rose and held out her hands to the man, and Mr. Collins, blushing even more heavily, stood up and let her grasp his.

"It's my job," Mr. Collins said, extracting himself, and putting his papers back into a valise. "Thank Mr. McBride for sending for me. He enjoys helping people, does Mr. McBride."

Steven remained expressionless. "Appreciate you coming out in the rain, Collins," he said. "I'll walk you down."

Mr. Collins took his leave of Rose with many expressions of politeness. Steven clasped Rose's shoulder and leaned to gently kiss her cheek. "It will be all right," he said. "I promise you."

The kiss was like a touch of sunlight in gloom, a flicker of hope in a morass of fear. Steven's confidence was so great that it reached through her veil of despair and found the Rose who'd been shivering in the dark since Charles had died.

His touch, his voice, his very presence was daring her to believe in miracles.

***

"Still helping those in need, are you, Stevie, lad?" Mr. Collins, whose Christian name was Tavis, said as he and Steven left the hotel.

They emerged to fine November rain, which coated the streets and stone buildings, turning the gray scene even more gray. The only contrast was black-carriages and hansoms, dark-colored horses, men in black overcoats and black hats. Collins's bright red head and Steven's kilt were the only colors in the gloom.

"Can't seem to help myself," Steven answered, trying to sound nonchalant.

Collins's look turned serious. "Have you seen her yet?"

He wasn't talking about Rose. Steven shook his head. "She's been out of London. I have an appointment with her in two days' time."

"She already knows, I take it?"

"Yes-a cold, impartial telegram. But I want to see her. She deserves that."

"It might not be easy." Mr. Collins put his hand on Steven's shoulder. "If you'd like me to go with you, I will. I am her solicitor too, you know."

Steven shook his head. "She'll be angry with me, and you need have no part in it." He shrugged, and Collins released him. "I'll cheer myself up helping Rose-the dowager duchess, I mean. Fortify myself for my task."

Collins gave him a knowing look. "The very beautiful dowager duchess."

"Beauty isn't everything. I've learned that a time or two." Steven couldn't stop his sudden grin. "This one's beautiful all the way through."

"You've said that a time or two as well, Stevie."

"This is different."

"Heard that one too." Collins returned the grin. "When you get your heart broken, look me up, and I'll pour whiskey down your throat. Again."

"I won't get my heart broken," Steven said. "This is different, because it's not a romance. I'm helping her; she's taking my mind off my troubles."

"Yes, of course." Collins's words were drowned out as a hansom clattered to a stop at the doorman's signal. "Don't you break her heart. She doesn't deserve that."

"No fear," Steven answered. "Go do what you're best at, Collins, and stop giving me advice on romance. Be off with you."

Collins stuck out his hand, shook Steven's, and scrambled into the hansom. Steven watched the man drive off, his emotions mixed. Whoever got their heart broken in this business arrangement, Steven was certain, it wouldn't be Rose.

He put aside such maudlin thoughts as he headed out of the rain back into the hotel. His heart beat faster as he ascended the stairs, knowing Rose awaited him at the top. He wondered, between steps, whether his need to make up for his failure had prompted him to help her.

But when he opened the door, and Rose turned from the window with her welcoming look, Steven knew he'd not taken up with her for any feelings of guilt. He'd walk through fire for this woman. Steven only just met her, but already she'd changed his life.

If nothing else came of this, he'd be a different man when he left her, and for that he'd be forever grateful.

***

Sittford House, seat of the Dukes of Southdown, lay in Hampshire, far enough from London and other cities to be free of smoke and grime. These days, with trains as swift as they were, the journey was not more than an hour or two.

Steven booked a first-class carriage for himself and Rose. Journalists lay in wait for them outside the hotel, and managed to be in the train station as well. They wanted to know where Rose and Steven were going.

"Business," Steven told them, and let them make of it what they would. "You know how betrothals are."

"When will the banns be read?" someone asked. "Or will this be a Scottish wedding?"

"We'll wed in Scotland," Steven said. "With family." He tipped his hat. "Good day, gentlemen. Ladies."

Rose said nothing at all, only gave them her winsome smile. The smile sent Steven on flights of wicked fancy, but he could see the journalists didn't approve. Perhaps if Rose had been demure and walked about with her head bowed, she might escape more of the scurrilous stories. The journalists might have decided that her late husband had married a nurse to take care of him in his dotage, instead of a lively woman to give him back his youth.

Rose Barclay was anything but demure, Steven thought as the maid fussed around to settle her into the compartment. Though her frock was buttoned to her chin, and she wore only mourning jewelry, her color was high, her eyes sparkling, her head lifted. All the black clothes in the world couldn't repress her vibrancy.

As the train slid out of the city, and the maid left them, Rose looked about her as though this were the most exciting journey she'd taken in some time. Steven enjoyed himself watching her for a while before he forced himself back to business.

"Tell me about Keith Erskin," he said as the farmland, dusted with snow, flowed past, along with low, tree-covered hills. "The man you are purported to have married. Is he likely to cause trouble over this?"

Rose shook her head, looking neither guilty nor embarrassed. "He was a childhood friend, later a beau." Her cheeks went pink. "We were caught kissing at a ball when I was eighteen. He was encouraged to propose to me, but I could see his heart wasn't in it, poor lad. The prospect of marrying at eighteen and settling down dismayed him greatly. So I refused him. This gave me the reputation of being a very fast young lady indeed, and my father took me away to Edinburgh." She looked out the window, her gaze going remote. "In retrospect, perhaps we ought to have married, but we were young and full of stubborn dreams. We each were determined to see the world, I remember, but neither of us has left the British Isles as far as I know." She gave a short laugh. "We might have had an ordinary life, in an ordinary town, and I'd not be followed about whenever I step out of doors."

Steven couldn't stop his smile, which rose up inside him like a light. "You were never made for ordinary, Rosie. There's nothing ordinary about you and never will be."

She flushed, which made her look even more like an exotic siren trapped in the stiff clothing of a less enlightened age. "You aren't so ordinary yourself," she said.

"True." Steven tried to ignore the excitement of having that lovely green gaze on him. He'd left the hotel last night to do quite a bit of drinking before he'd been able to return, precisely to forget that look. Hadn't worked. "I had a strange upbringing-raised by my oldest brother, Patrick, who has twenty years on me. I was the spoiled youngest child, and it led me into a lot of trouble. Made me think there was nothing I couldn't do."

Her interest warmed his blood. "Such as?"

"Tales for another time, dear lady. We're arriving."

The train had slowed, chugging its way into a station. The maid hurried back in to help Rose, who tried to hide her disappointment that their conversation had ended so abruptly.

They descended into cold. Because Steven hadn't written or telegraphed that they were coming-no sense in putting Albert on guard-they had to hire a conveyance to take them to the house. Wasn't difficult to find, because every man, woman, and child in the village of Sittford spied Rose emerging from the train and mobbed her.

"Have you come back to live here?" a young man in a blacksmith's apron asked. "Say you have, Your Grace."

Another was a woman who'd come out of the post office and shop. "Please talk some sense into that stepson of yours, Your Grace. The house has bought my goods for fifty years-now he's sending to a cheap firm in London ..."

"You're a tart and always will be. You'll never be the real duchess 'round here. She were a lady." The last was from an older woman who stood in her front garden opposite the station, her hands wrapped around a cane. A few other women stood near her, nodding agreement.

"Ignore them," Steven said under his breath as he handed Rose up into a dogcart, the only vehicle available.

"She's been saying such things since the first time I arrived." Rose gave the elderly woman a gracious nod, which the woman and her cronies returned with sullen glares. "Her husband treats her poorly-Charles always had trouble with him. I'll speak to His Grace, Mrs. Harrison," she called to the woman who ran the shop. "As soon as he lifts himself from the floor after the shock of seeing me back here. Drive on, Mr. Gains."

A dozen or so children followed after the cart, waving and yelling, clearly curious about Steven. They gave up as the road bent around a corner from the village and drifted away.

"Thank you for coming with me," Rose said, hanging on to the seat in the rocking cart as they rolled between hedgerows. "I didn't realize how shaky I'd be coming out of the station. I had no idea how they'd receive me."

"I wasn't about to make you face dear Albert alone," Steven said.

He screwed up his eyes against the sunlight on snow, his head pounding. The thought of himself lying randy and uncomfortable in his hotel bed, knowing Rose lay on the other side of the wall, had sent him out last night. He'd met up with friends he hadn't seen in donkey's years, drank too much, dragged himself back at four, and then was up a few hours later to catch a train.

Steven had successfully avoided lying in bed wishing Rose was in it with him, but now his head was punishing him, and all this light hurt. It hadn't been as bad in the train, but the dogcart was open to the world, nothing to mute the white glare.

"I know," Rose said, her contralto like a balm on his raw nerves. "But this isn't your fight."

"It is now." Steven put his hand over his eyes. Helped, and also shut out his need to see her smile. "My impetuousness put me in this right up to my neck."

"Still, I am grateful."

Don't make me out to be a hero. Steven's words inside his head were impatient, almost savage. I'm a frivolous, drunken rake, not a benevolent philanthropist. I'm helping you to make up for the fact that I couldn't help someone else.

The dogcart jerked, making Steven's headache stab at him. He had to stop seeking out his friends. Perhaps stop even having friends.

The cart rumbled over a bridge, a half-frozen stream trickling in the bed below it, and the house came into view. Steven sat up and sucked in a breath.

The place was bloody enormous. Built in the early Georgian style, the house was perched on a wide green hill. It was composed of three huge, boxlike wings, each crowned with a giant triangular pediment. Flat columns marched across the house between tall, many-paned windows and more columns flanked a massive front double door. The structure had been built of golden stone, and when sunshine broke through the clouds, the house took on a bright hue, painfully so.

"Good God," Steven said. He'd spent the past few Christmases at Kilmorgan Castle in Scotland, a pile even larger than this, but it was different somehow. Kilmorgan was always overflowing with families, children, dogs, and horses when Steven visited, and never seemed too large.

This monstrosity had an empty look, as though knowing its master had gone, never to return. Not literally true, because a Duke of Southdown was still master here-he was just a different man. The house seemed to feel its emptiness, however, and mourn.

"I loved this house the moment I saw it," Rose said with a sigh. "My stay in it as a wife was brief, but I consoled myself with the fact that I'd least continue living on the estate. But that wasn't meant to be."

She looked so sorrowful that Steven wanted to move to her seat and gather her into his arms. He held on to the sides of the cart to keep from doing it.

The drive took them past the dower house, a much smaller version of the main mansion. It too had been built of golden stone, and its three-story, one-winged splendor looked a bit more cheerful than its parent.

As they rolled by, Steven heard barking-a lot of barking. A man came out the front door of the dower house, followed by three hounds, and stopped to stare at the cart.

"That's Mr. Hartley, the steward," Rose said. She lifted her hand in greeting, and Mr. Hartley's mouth popped open. The dogs stared as well, but wagged tails. "Albert has turned the dower house into a kennel for his dogs. Albert loves to hunt, you see."

The steward belatedly bowed, but his eyes gaze remained fixed as the dogcart rattled by.

The driver took them around the last curve of the drive and pulled to a halt in front of the main door. Steven stepped off the back of the cart, slipped the man a few coins, and then helped Rose descend.

Steven shouldn't suddenly feel better with her warm weight against him, shouldn't want to stop in the act of helping her down to press a kiss to her lips. Then again, that was what an engaged couple in love might do. Wouldn't be odd at all.

Steven knew that his kiss wouldn't stop with a light touch. Not by a long way. He had to content himself with a caress to her waist, or else he'd lose control. Regretful, but there it was.

The front door was locked, but Rose had a key. Even as she turned it, the door was wrenched open from the inside, making her lose hold of the key. "Ma'am!" the footman who stood on the threshold exclaimed. "I mean, Your Grace."

The footman was a tall lad, dapper and good-looking in his kit, as the footmen of great houses were meant to be. Many were hired more for their looks than their wit, Steven had learned by experience. His brother Patrick had tended to hire impoverished but well-schooled young men to help in his household-they'd been terrible footmen but had regularly discussed mathematics and classical thought with the brothers, which had been the point.

This footman seemed to be of the decorative but dim variety. He stared at Rose as hard as the steward had done, but with less guilt in his eyes.

"Tell the duke Her Grace has arrived," Steven said to him in his commanding-officer voice.

The young man dragged his gaze from Rose, blinked at Steven, then snapped to attention. "His Grace is not at home. Sir."

"It's all right, John," Rose said. "I've only come for a few things I left behind."

John blinked some more, indecision warring in his eyes. He seemed respectful of Rose, even happy to see her, but he must have been given strict instructions regarding her admittance.

Steven softened his tone. "No one needs to know you let us in," he said. "Her Grace has a key, and you never heard us."

John stared at them a little longer before Steven's words penetrated. "Ah." His face flooded with color. "Yes, sir, that will be what happened." He stepped aside and opened the door wider. "Welcome home, Your Grace. If you don't mind me saying so, ma'am, it's a fine thing to see you back."

Chapter Five

The house opened its arms to welcome Rose. She looked around with fondness as they started up the wide staircase, which rose gracefully in the open hall all the way to the top of the house. Portraits of dukes and duchesses and their sons, daughters, nieces, nephews, great-aunts, reprobate uncles, dogs, horses, and even a few cats covered every inch of the walls. Charles had introduced them all, telling Rose a funny story about each one. What had been intimidating to her at first glance had turned into a gathering of family.

Steven studied the surroundings with less enthusiasm. His eyes were bloodshot, his face a bit puffy, and by the way he'd massaged his temples during the journey, Rose knew he had a bad headache.

"His Grace really is not at home?" Steven asked John as the lad followed them. "Or is that a polite fabrication?"

John had a slight difficulty with the word fabrication, but he finally understood. "No, it's not a porky-I mean, a lie, sir. His Grace went up to London on business, so housekeeper said. Not expected back until tomorrow."

"Good," Steven said. "Thank you, lad. Now, remember, you have no idea we're here."

"None at all, sir." John shot him a grin. He gave Steven a hero-worshiping look for another moment, before he realized he'd been dismissed. "Right. It truly is good to see you, ma'am." He bowed to Rose and ran back down the stairs with athletic grace.

"He must make quite an impression on the duke's guests," Steven said once the lad was safely away. "As long as he stands still and says nothing."

"He really is a very good footman," Rose said protectively. "I was never very strict with the servants, which gained me more disapproval from my stepson, unfortunately."

Steven flushed. "Forgive me, Rosie. My head has me growling like a bear this morning." He gazed up the stairs and its seeming miles of railings. "Two pieces of furniture ... in all this?"

Rose understood his dismay. They'd paused on the first landing, which gave them a view of the ground floor below and the first floor above. Both halls were filled with graceful furniture-lowboys and highboys, console and demi-lune tables, straight-backed chairs and Bergere chairs, candle stands and candelabras, cushioned benches and settees. The furniture was valuable, Charles had said, ranging in period from the seventeenth and eighteenth centuries, through the Regency and to the manufactured styles early in Queen Victoria's reign. After that came the cleaner styles of William Morris and his ilk, and the hand-carved, rather sinuous French chairs Charles had purchased in Paris a few years ago.

And these were only the landings. Sittford House had one hundred rooms-exactly-and each was fully furnished.

"Charles was no fool," Rose said. "He knew Albert was exacting and didn't like his father spending any money he might inherit. Charles must have had something specific for me in mind. But what?"

Steven sank to the top stair of the landing, his hand to his head. Rose seated herself next to him, concerned. "You all right?"

Steven rubbed his temples. "My brain is melting, but nothing to worry about. Let us sit here quietly and think about this, my Rose. Instead of tearing all over the house searching every cabinet, we should make a plan. Was there something in particular you admired? That the duke knew you liked?"

"I've been trying to think. But the last year or so is such a jumble, it's difficult."

Steven lounged back on his elbows and looked up at her. "You were fond of your husband."

Rose nodded. "Indeed I was. Charles was a good man."

Steven stretched out his legs, and Rose's heart beat faster in confusion. Steven was a sinfully beautiful sight-a hard-bodied man in a kilt, his reclining position stretching his coat open over his broad chest. Gentlemen didn't lie down in the presence of ladies, unless they had something intimate in mind, but sitting here beside Steven seemed so natural. Rose wasn't afraid, even though they were quite alone, the staff unlikely to come upstairs. Steven was a strong man; he might do anything, and yet, Rose felt comfortable with him, as she'd felt with no one else since Charles.

But here they were, on the floor in the house of a man she'd admired and respected. Though the world had assumed Charles had taken a young second wife to have something pretty on his arm, Rose and Charles had liked each other very much. They'd been able to talk, share jokes and opinions, and laughter. Charles had also not been reluctant where bed had been concerned. The fact that his heart had dangerously weakened had surprised them both.

Steven's touch jolted her back to the present. He closed his hand around hers, his strength coming to her through his grip. "I'm sorry," he said. "I didn't realize how hard this would be for you."

Rose hadn't either. Tears stung her eyes. Steven squeezed her fingers, then he released her and let out a groan. "Och, my bloody head."

"Let me." Rose moved until she sat behind him, and she cradled his head in her lap. She removed her gloves and touched her fingers to Steven's temples.

A mistake, she realized as soon as skin contacted skin. His pulse throbbed beneath her fingertips, his lifeblood. Steven had so much warmth in him, so much life.

He closed his eyes as Rose began to massage his forehead, which was a good thing. His gray eyes, even tinged red from his hangover, unnerved her. She didn't tell him she'd lain awake most of the night, worried he'd gone and wouldn't be back. Worried that he'd found another damsel in distress to help, one more interesting than Rose.

When she'd heard Steven stumble in at a small hour in the morning, she'd let out a sigh of relief. She'd wanted to go to him, speak to him, make sure he was all right. It had taken all Rose's strength of will to keep herself in her chamber and away from him.

Now she eased her fingers over his temples, finding his close-cropped hair warm and sleek. She liked the way the shorn ends tickled her fingers.

"Mmm," Steven said. "That's nice."

Steven was nice, and Rose desired him-she knew what the heat flushing her body meant.

"I've always been good at soothing away hurts," Rose said.

Steven's eyes flicked open, his gaze seeking hers. "Have you now?" He finished with an upturn of lips, a wicked one. "Skilled with your hands, are you?"

Her face went hot, but she kept her voice light. "Are you flirting with me, Captain McBride?"

"With my own fiancee? Of course I am." His smiled broadened. "I'm not a polite man, Rosie, I warn you."

Rose didn't want to be polite. She wanted to sit here and drown in him, to let him smile at her like that all day long.

She made herself ease away and rise to her feet. "We should get on."

Steven looked up at her from where he lay back on his elbows, his gaze taking in every inch of her. "You're right, Rosie. We should carry on until we're both satisfied."

Rose flushed and turned to the next half of the staircase. "You're being naughty now."

"I'm naughty all the time, sweetest Rose."

He came off the steps and to his feet, moving swiftly for a man with a bad headache. Steven caught up to her and stopped her, Rose one step above him.

The stair took away their difference in height, putting their faces on the same level. Steven's breath touched Rose's lips, reminding her of the all-too-brief kiss he'd given her on the staircase at the hotel.

What was it about staircases? Rose couldn't stop herself reaching out and touching his cheek.

Steven's guarded expression dropped. He looked at her with na**d wanting, no disguising it, no holding back. As warmth swept through Rose, answering heat flared in his eyes.

It was nothing to lean a small bit forward and kiss his lips.

Steven's eyes swept closed as his arm came around her, nothing gentle. He parted her lips with a strong mouth, pulling her close, binding her to him. He swept his tongue into her, no politeness, no reticence. This kiss was insistent and new, and the hot, wild friction of it swept away the rest of Rose's reluctance.

No man had ever kissed her like this before, not with this raw, desperate wanting. These weren't the hesitant kisses of a man who feared to offend a respectable widow. Steven knew what he wanted, and he would take it, to hell with civility.

Rose cupped the back of his neck, again finding the sleek fineness of his hair. Strength and heat came through his body, entering hers at every point of contact. She knew his hunger as his mouth worked. Every part of Rose went shaky-the only thing holding her up was Steven. Her legs had lost all strength.

Steven's mouth was fire. One hand came up between them, cupping her breast in his palm, hand tightening.

She was going to fall. Rose clutched Steven's back, fingers pressing through his coat to the hard strength of him.

Steven pulled away a little, but only to smooth a lock of her hair. "My Scottish Rose." His voice was low, uneven.

Rose couldn't speak, couldn't answer. She wanted to kiss him again. Wanted it more than anything, more than she should, especially standing in this house.

Steven brushed her cheek with the backs of his fingertips. His brows drew together, then he touched the corner of her mouth.

Just as Rose thought he'd pulled away, he made a raw sound in his throat and kissed her again.

Heady sensations, heat chasing shivers, and again Rose had to lock her fingers on to his coat to remain on her feet. Steven closed his teeth over her lower lip, and fire streaked through her, like a lightning storm homing in on one point.

Steven traced her lip with his tongue, then once more slid his mouth over hers. This time, Rose met his strokes with her own, their bodies locked together, touched by the cool draft from the staircase.

Sanity didn't return even when Steven eased back, wiping a tiny bit of moisture from Rose's upper lip.

"Oh, Rosie," he said, his accent thick. "Why the devil did I have to meet ye?"

"We didn't meet." Rose struggled to find her voice. "We stumbled into each other."

"Aye, and I wanted to stay fallen on you forever. You're a beautiful woman, my Scottish Rose. You could be the end of me."

And you, of me, Rose finished silently.

Steven touched her cheeks, his hands caressing as he held her with his gaze. His eyes looked clearer now, the same color as the winter sky through the window behind him.

Love was for warmth, and spring, Rose tried to tell herself. Not for winter, and cold.

But perhaps love knew no seasons-it simply came when it was time.

"We should commence our search," Steven said. "Before young John returns to be shocked."

"Yes." Again, Rose had to search for breath to form the sound. "We should."

Steven smiled at her, which did nothing to help Rose collect herself. He released her from the comfort of his arms, but only to take her hand and lead her on up the stairs.

***

Steven hadn't caught his breath even by the time Rose had led him up through the maze of the house to the top floor.

The manor wasn't truly a maze-it had been built at the end of the seventeenth century, when straight lines and symmetrical architecture had been in fashion. But its occupants had, for the past two hundred years, filled it with screens, cabinetry, sofas, tables, chairs, paintings, bric-a-brac, mirrors, chests, highboys, etageres, desks, and credenzas by the score, and every room had mixed and matched styles from over the centuries. A decorator in the past had tried to break up the severity of right angles in rooms by placing the furniture together in the middle, which succeeded only in making everything more of a jumble.

Might have interested Steven more if his whole body hadn't been burning from Rose's nearness. One taste of her wasn't enough, and never would be.

Steven had sensed a desperate hunger in her, one she might not even realize she possessed. Rose obviously missed her husband, but whether or not he'd satisfied her in bed was anyone's guess. The fact that the man had died on their honeymoon could mean anything from he'd been overexcited making love to his beautiful wife to slipping and falling down the stairs. The journalists would believe the first-that Rose had killed him by being too eager in the bridegroom's bed, but Steven had no idea what the real story was.

Rose walked through the house without worry, looking over everything her husband must have shown her, without guilt. Whoever had been to blame for the duke's demise, it hadn't been Rose.

They went through room after lofty room, Rose knowing her way around perfectly. Steven enjoyed imagining her leading him until he had no idea where he was, and then telling him she'd take him back out for a price of a kiss or two. For more than kisses. She'd smile when she said it, her eyes sparkling.

No, that would never happen. Rose wasn't the sort of woman who went in for naughty games. In spite of the scandal sheets, she was a gentleman's daughter, raised to the straight and narrow. More's the pity.

Rose turned around so suddenly that Steven almost ran into her. Reminded him of their first meeting, he falling onto her bosom, then sliding down her welcoming body.

"I've thought of something," she said.

Steven had thought of something too ... she under him on white sheets, her golden hair trickling through his hands.

He tried to shake off the vision, but it wouldn't leave him. Rose languid against the pillow, her fingers drifting over Steven's skin, both of them sleek with sweat. They'd be joined, the heat between them overwhelming the winter's chill ...

"Did you hear me?" Rose asked, peering at him. "Are you certain you're all right, Captain McBride?"

No, and he never would be again.

"What?" Steven managed to say. The hangover was making him be in two different places at once-in this chill, square house in reality and the curved, soft bed of his imagination. The true Rose existed in this cold, dull place, instead of in the fantasy in his head. Unfair.

"This way," she was saying. "There was a cabinet I always loved, always raved about. Charles had promised to have it moved into my bedchamber, but he never had the chance."

Her words ended in a sad note, echoed by the quiet swish of her dress as she walked away from him.

Steven caught up to her in the wide hallway. "I'm sorry, love," he said. "What happened to you, I mean."

Rose turned to him, her green eyes softening in the gloom. "You know, you are the only person who hasn't immediately believed his death was my fault." She paused. "Or do you?"

"No." Steven rubbed his hand through his hair to keep himself from reaching for her. "I don't."

"They say I deliberately married a man with a weak heart," Rose said. "And then ... proved to be too much for him." Her color heightened.

Steven knew exactly why they'd imagined that-beautiful, young Rose would throw any middle-aged man into palpitations. The journalists saw her lush body and red lips and extrapolated that her physical presence had caused the man's death. Steven couldn't blame them for thinking so-wasn't he still fantasizing about having her in his bed?

But they hadn't asked her, or the duke's physician, for the true story. The newspapers had simply declared it, loving the scandal of the young second wife doing in the husband and sweeping up the spoils.

Only Rose had been kept from her spoils.

They entered a room that was little more than a cluster of furniture. At one time, it had been a sitting room of some sort, but now appeared to be a place to store things that didn't fit in the other rooms.

Rose moved unwaveringly to the end of the room, two large windows letting in light there. Her skirts billowed as she knelt before a cabinet and gestured to it. "This."

The cabinet was about three feet long and two and a half high and as wide, inlaid with satinwood and other exotic woods Steven couldn't identify. Rose opened the cabinet's double doors to reveal a stack of shallow drawers.

Steven saw the cleverness of it as Rose pulled out the entire bottom half of the cabinet, drawers and all, on hidden rollers. The top drawers, which were shallower still, stayed in place.

The entire piece, with its burnished wood-deep golds and ambers with a touch of red-seemed to light up the corner it stood in.

It certainly lighted Rose's face, or maybe that was her flush of joy. "I always loved this piece. It's a collection cabinet-for medals or coins, or whatnot." She opened a drawer in the top section, which was empty. "No one's used it for years, but I liked it. I was going to keep ribbons and things in it."

Steven touched the top where a strip of ebony inlay alternated with lighter satinwood to create a chevron pattern.

"It's lovely," he said with sincerity. "Old, I take it?"

"About seventy years old. George Bullock was the maker-very famous in his day, I believe."

Steven liked the feel of the wood under his fingertips. Care had been put into the making of this cabinet, even love.

"This is your choice?" he asked.

"Yes." She pursed her lips in a moue, and Steven's heart hammered again. She really should not do that, shaping her mouth in the perfect form to be kissed. "Now to see if Albert will let it out of his sight."

"Bugger Albert," Steven said. He grimaced. "On second thought, I won't. We have a cart waiting outside, and servants to help move it. I say you take it and to hell with Albert. What about the second piece?"

Rose remained on the floor. "Have you abandoned the idea that Charles might have left me something inside the furniture? That it might hold the key to something else?"

Steven had-it was far-fetched. The duke had been a doting, but not very intelligent man, as far as Steven could tell. He'd probably trusted that his son would feel an obligation to take care of Rose and hadn't worried-reasoned he'd live a long while and buy her plenty of things along the way. He'd likely had no idea his son was a turd.

Steven shrugged. "Let us look."

He sank down next to Rose, breathing in the scent of her. He needed her-her body around his, the taste of her in his mouth. Her breast had fit well into his large hand, but he'd felt more cushion of it to explore when she was unfettered. A lush woman, barely contained by her stays. Naked, she must be heaven.

Steven didn't truly believe there was anything in the cabinet, but he couldn't bear to disappoint her. He started pulling out drawers.

They found nothing. After about half an hour of examining the insides and undersides of the many drawers, nothing turned up. Not a cache of diamonds or other costly jewelry or a small painting by an ancient master worth thousands of guineas. The cabinet had been thoroughly cleaned out.

Rose said nothing, but her disappointment was apparent. "The piece itself must be worth something," she said. "To an antique collector if nothing else."

"I can find out for you," Steven offered.

Rose ran her hand along the edge of the inlay of the top, her fingers lovingly brushing it. Steven couldn't stop himself imagining those fingertips running as sensually over himself, and he went hard again.

"I hate to let it go," Rose said, her low-pitched voice completing his ache. "It's rather special to me."

"Then keep it." Steven cleared his throat as he got stiffly to his feet, turning so she wouldn't see any sign of his lust that might be pressing out his kilt. "I'll round up someone to tote this out for you. Hell, I'll carry it on my own back if I have to. It's going home with you today."

"Home." Rose looked wistful. "Only I haven't got one." She met his gaze. "Doesn't that sound sad?"

It did. Steven's hard-on deflated a little, though not much. If he thought about it, Steven didn't have a home either.

Not quite true. Steven was always welcome with his brothers-Patrick, who'd raised him, had a comfortable house in Edinburgh; Elliot had a huge monstrosity of a castle in northern Scotland, overrun with Indian servants and his growing family; and Sinclair had plenty of spare bedrooms in London, even if Sinclair's unruly children did terrorize the house.

But Steven had nothing, no home to return to, no place to put down roots. He enjoyed his visits with his brothers, but in the end they were only visits. His brothers had families. Steven did not. He'd made halfhearted attempts to change this in the past, but put any thoughts of marriage aside when he returned to the army. It was no life for a wife and children-at least, he'd never met a woman robust enough to share it but tender enough to fall in love with.

If he couldn't change things for himself, though, he could change things for Rose. "I swear to you," Steven said, "at the end of this, you'll be able to go home. Wherever you want that to be."

His heart was beating rapidly as he spoke, however, which didn't help his headache. He turned and left the room, unable to take her green eyes gazing at him any longer.

***

Steven couldn't find any servants. The house was dark with the winter afternoon, and no lamps burned anywhere, nor did any fires. The new duke took frugality to an obsessive extreme.

He'd have to go down to the servants' hall and recruit a few sturdy footmen to help. Shouldn't be too much problem-no one was doing any actual work in the house that he could see, and Steven was good at rallying people to obey him.

He did run across a servant standing in near darkness in a parlor on the second floor. The windows faced west, so a trickle of light came in, but only enough to show there was a person in there at all. The man wore a dark suit, like the footman John, but had hunched shoulders and spindly legs. Not much good for moving furniture.

A closer look showed Steven that he was perusing papers on a tall table in front of him. Also that his clothes were wrinkled and looked less costly than even the footman's kit.

This was either a vagrant who'd wandered inside, or the new duke himself, the repugnant Albert.

Whoever he was, he heard Steven's step, and turned with a jerk. The man looked Steven up and down, his hands curling as his gaze lingered on Steven's kilt. "What the devil are you supposed to be made up as?" he snapped.

"A Scotsman," Steven said. "I thought you weren't at home, Your Grace."

Chapter Six

Steven saw a resemblance to the late duke in Albert, but everything that had been strong in Charles was weak in his son. Charles had sported a receding hairline, as did his son, but the older duke had had a robust mane of white hair to go with his, while Albert's graying hair straggled in thin wisps. Charles hadn't been tall, but his back had been straight and strong, while Albert's shoulders were slumped with too many hours of poring over papers.

"A Scotsman." Albert repeated. "What is a haggis-eating, sheep-loving bagpiper doing in my house?"

"I don't eat haggis," Steven said, letting his accent deepen. "And I never mastered the pipes, much to the despair of my poor brother. As for the sheep ..." He shrugged. "Could never get very far there. Damp wool makes me sneeze."

Albert's scowl deepened. "Get out of my house, sir."

Steven debated explaining his presence, and Rose's, but decided to let the man wonder. "Not until I take what I came for."

"Are you robbing me, then? I'll have the constables on you."

Steven folded his arms. "No, you won't."

However strong-willed his father had been, Albert had inherited only pigheadedness, Steven decided. He was half Steven's size, yet he swung away from the table, grabbed a poker from the fireplace, and came at him.

Steven easily caught the man's upraised arm as it descended, and twisted the poker out of his hand. He propelled Albert back to the table and slammed him face-first onto it. "Only attack if you have the advantage of surprise or superior strength and position." He pressed Albert's face harder into the wood. "Or prepare to be trounced. I have a raging headache, and see how easily I've bested you?"

"Get off me, you bloody dung-eater."

Steven's temper flared through the hangover. "Your own mouth's plenty full of shit. Thinking about what you're doing to Rose, I've a mind to grind you through this table until you learn some manners."

"Are you her latest lover, then? What happened to the comte?"

Steven pressed Albert down harder until he cried out. Steven growled, "Keep a civil tongue, man, before I'll-"

"Steven, what on earth are you doing?" Rose's exclamation cut into the room, followed by the rustle of her skirts. "Is that Albert? Good heavens, let him up."

Steven didn't want to. He'd love to beat son Albert into the table until the man's face was bloody. That would be satisfying.

But the note in Rose's voice made Steven release Albert and step away. She was a good woman to feel sorry for Albert in spite of it all, no matter how much Steven didn't share her sympathy.

"You're lucky she's such a sweetheart," Steven said to Albert. "And that she walked into the room just now."

"I'll have the law on you," Albert snarled, wiping his nose with the back of his hand.

"No, you will not," Rose said decidedly. She was an angel in black, her hair and face the only color in the gloom. "Captain McBride is here to help me take the furniture Charles left me, that is all. I've rung for John-he and Thomas and James will carry down the chest from the old parlor."

"What furniture?" Albert snapped. "You can't take any furniture."

"It's in the will," Steven said, stopping himself from slamming the man into the table again. "Two pieces of furniture, her choice. She's chosen one; she'll be back for another."

"My solicitor-" Albert spluttered.

"May contact Her Grace in London." Steven went to Rose and took her elbow. "I think we should be off, love," he said softly to her.

"Don't call her Her Grace," Albert snarled behind them. "She's not a duchess-she's the bloody whore who killed my father. She deserves nothing."

Steven let go of Rose and swung back to Albert. Albert, eyes widening, tried to evade him, but Steven caught him by the collar, ignoring Rose's cry.

Slam! Albert's face went once more into the table. "She deserves a commendation for not killing you," Steven said, each word tight. "Don't speak to her again except through her solicitor. His card." Steven withdrew a card Collins had given him and slapped it on the table in front of Albert's head. "Good day to you, sir."

He gave Albert another shake before he released the man's collar and left him. Rose was staring, wide-eyed, but Steven turned her away and steered her out of the room.

***

"It's pretty," Sinclair McBride, Steven's brother, said later that evening. "What is it?"

Steven had placed the cabinet in the middle of the parlor of his suite at the Langham. Rain fell outside, droplets lingering on Sinclair's short hair, which was the same shade of blond as Steven's.

Albert had in the end not stopped John and two other footmen from lugging the cabinet down the stairs and loading it into the waiting cart. The cabinet had filled the small dogcart, leaving no room for Steven and Rose.

Steven had then bade John to fetch the coachman from his tea and have him hitch up Albert's carriage to take him and Rose to the train. Though worried about Albert's reaction, John and the coachman seemed happy to do anything for Rose. Likewise, Miles, the town coachman, had been willing to collect Steven, Rose, and the cabinet from the station in London. Rose had won them over.

Not much wonder. One smile from her red lips, one twinkle of her eyes, and men fell over themselves to do her bidding. Journalists with too much time on their hands had assumed she'd used that natural charm to make men do her favors, including in her bed.

Rose was in her bed right now-alone-napping after their trip. She'd told Steven upon their arrival that, thinking it over, she was resigned to selling the cabinet.

She'd looked sad, but resolved, and Steven had sent for his brother to talk to him about the matter. Sinclair had arrived through the now-falling rain, to study the cabinet in curiosity.

"It's a collection cabinet," Steven said in answer to Sinclair's question. "By George Bullock, circa 1815. I'm trying to find out what it's worth."

Sinclair pinned his younger brother with a hard stare. That stare, along with Sinclair's ability to obtain any verdict he wanted in court, had earned him the moniker of the Scots Machine. His colleagues called him that-the unlucky villains in the dock had named him Basher McBride.

The Scots Machine now assessed Steven. "I'm a barrister, not an antiques dealer. Why did you send for me?"

Steven shrugged. "I thought maybe you'd know someone who could sell it for Rose. Someone who can be discreet."

"I know many people who can be discreet, but they're not all on the side of angels."

Steven joined Sinclair in frowning contemplation of the cabinet. "I hoped it contained some sort of clue or message for Rose, or had been crammed full of gold coins for her. I've looked at it every which way, but ... nothing."

"I met the Duke of Southdown once-the former one," Sinclair said. "Maybe he simply knew the cabinet would fetch a good price, and give his widow a bit of cash. He died, suddenly, didn't he? He didn't know he would go so quickly. How would he have had time to prepare for her?"

"Well, he didn't do bloody enough while he was alive, that's certain. Collins is browbeating the duke's solicitors-Rose will have to put her faith in that." Steven let out his breath. "She doesn't want to let the cabinet go, but she might have no choice. Her pig of a stepson wants to see her destitute."

"So you said. He's trying to prove her a bigamist, is he?"

"He won't," Steven said in a hard voice. "She isn't."

His brother's stare became sharper, but finally Sinclair gave him a nod. "If it goes to court, I'll advocate for her-I agree with you about her innocence. I warn you, though, juries of middle-aged, middle-class, holier-than-thou men don't like pretty women who marry older men. They know they'd succumb to that temptation too readily themselves, and so they blame the temptress."

Steven balled one hand. His headache was coming back. "Thank you for the optimism."

"This is what happens. Be prepared for it." Sinclair relaxed his stance. "I'll help as much as I can. I'll ram her innocence down the jury's throats." He studied the cabinet again. "It's an interesting piece. Ask one of the Mackenzie brothers or their wives. They'll either buy it to lose in those huge houses of theirs or know someone interested."

"Yes." Steven had thought of the Mackenzies, especially Eleanor, wife of Hart Mackenzie, who was Duke of Kilmorgan. Eleanor knew everyone in London and everyone in Scotland, plus she had connections via her husband to people throughout the Empire who might like a nice cabinet for displaying their medals.

But he'd hesitated. Rose had asked him, sorrow in her voice, to please help her find a buyer, then had retired to her room. Steven hadn't wanted her to wake to find he'd already sold the bloody thing and had it carted away while she'd slept.

Steven had sent for his brother not only for his opinion, but to help keep himself from picturing Rose, stripped down to her smalls, snuggling in her cozy bed. A single wall stood between her and Steven, a piece of wood, brick, and plaster keeping him from watching her sleep, drinking in the beauty of her.

He needed a cold bath, or maybe a walk in the freezing rain. But Steven couldn't make himself leave the suite.

"Never mind about the cabinet for now," Steven said. "I'll wait until Rose wins back her settlements. She might have a place for it after all." He thought of the warm glow on Rose's face whenever she talked about her husband, and something stabbed at him. He needed to wrap up this business, take himself to Scotland for Christmas, and forget Rose. Hart always invited scores of people to his Christmas parties-maybe Steven could meet a lonely widow there and forget this one.

And perhaps the rain outside would change to showers of gold, and champagne would flow in the streets.

Sinclair was watching him again. "If you change your mind, Eleanor and Hart are in Town for now." He shot a look at the closed door, then one at Steven. "I hope you know what you're doing."

"I don't," Steven said, shaking his head. "I don't at all. Wish me luck."

"Mmph." Sinclair's expression changed. "I need luck. Tomorrow, I look for a new governess. Andrew put beetles into the current one's bed."

Steven grinned, his thoughts moving with relief to his energetic nine-year-old nephew. "And the governess fled?"

Sinclair lost his amused look. "No, I sacked her. She decided to lock Andrew into the cellar from whence the beetles came. Because it scared him into silence, she suggested I do this every day. Hence, the sack." The anger fled Sinclair's eyes. "Caitriona managed to get the governess's hair switch off her while the fuss was being made about Andrew. Cat tossed it into the fire. Poor woman was bald as an egg on the back of her head."

"She can wear a bonnet." Steven's sympathy for the governess had died as soon as Sinclair said she'd locked Andrew in the cellar.

"Take care, Steven," Sinclair said, taking up his hat. He looked as though he wanted to say more, settled for his stern barrister glare, and walked out.

***

Rose couldn't sleep. She had undressed for her rest, but only twenty minutes later she rang for the maid to help her into her clothes again.

She needed to speak to Steven. Well, to see him actually. To be in the same room with him. His presence comforted her more than anything else had in a long time, had somehow even when she'd thought him a downtrodden vagrant on the streets.

She stepped out of her parlor and made her way down the hall, then stopped short as a tall man came abruptly out of Steven's rooms.

Rose halted, ready to ask in surprise where Steven was going, when she realized it wasn't Steven. Same light blond hair, same tall physique, same way of piercing her with his gray stare, but a different man.

Steven's intelligence lurked in the man's eyes, but while Steven was restless and moody, even in his hungover state, this man had a quiet intensity about him.

"I beg your pardon," Rose said, though he had been about to step into her. "I need to see ... my cabinet."

His gaze flickered with amusement. "Yes, your cabinet is doing very well. It will be pleased for your visit."

"Damn it all," Steven said, coming up behind the other man. "Leave her be. Rose, this is my brother Sinclair, known on the backstreets as Basher McBride. Don't let him intimidate you. Sinclair, allow me to introduce Rose, Dowager Duchess of Southdown."

"Pleased to meet you." Sinclair was immediately polite, holding out a hand and bowing as Rose shook it. He didn't release her hand, but remained holding it in his strong grip. "If my reprobate brother becomes too unruly for you, do not hesitate to send for me. I have a house on Upper Brook Street and chambers in Essex Court."

"That is kind of you," Rose began.

"Don't you have a governess to employ?" Steven said, a scowl creasing his face.

"He wishes me to leave." Sinclair squeezed Rose's hand again, this time in genuine cordiality. "I am pleased to make your acquaintance, Your Grace."

His politeness warmed Rose's heart. So few bothered to be polite to her these days.

Sinclair made a final bow, shot a look at his brother, and departed.

Steven ushered Rose into the parlor. Rose held her breath as she brushed by him in the doorway, his warmth unnerving her. She hadn't been able to sleep this afternoon partly because she craved to be in his presence. She'd had to give in and rush to see him.

Rose made herself walk to the cabinet, which waited for her in the middle of the rug. "Was Mr. McBride interested in buying it?"

Steven closed the door. Rose was very aware she was alone with him, even more so than she had been at Sittford House, when any of the dozen servants could have walked into any room they'd happened to be in. Here, the door was closed, Steven had no regular valet, and any other staff would knock and wait to be admitted.

Rose couldn't look at anything but Steven. The cabinet, a masterwork of craftsmanship, faded to nothing. He still wore his Scottish clothes, his blue and green kilt falling in neat pleats to just below his knees.

"He suggested we ask Eleanor," Steven said without looking at her. "Hart Mackenzie's wife. They have plenty of room and more money than God."

"Really? I wasn't aware God had any money. A stash of gold bars in one of His back rooms, do you think?" Rose tried to smile, tried to joke, but she found it difficult even to breathe. "Probably comes in handy when He needs to repave His streets."

Steven flashed a grin over his shoulder. "I promise you, if God has a stash of gold bars, Hart lent them to Him."

"You're ridiculous."

Steven held out his hand to her. Why did Rose not hesitate to walk to him and take it?

"Keep the cabinet," he said. Rose couldn't hear much over the pounding of her heart, but that's what she thought he said. "You love it, and if Collins is as good as he claims, you won't need to sell it."

"I have to ask you again why you're helping me, Steven." The words were not the ones Rose wanted to come out of her mouth, but they did anyway.

Steven switched his gaze to her, losing his smile. He stood too close to her-she could see the dark ring around his pale gray irises.

"Did you want me to leave you hanging with the pesky newspapermen waiting to pounce?" he asked. "Journalists can shred a person, break them, ruin their lives, and then go home and pour tea. Congratulating themselves on a job well done. Rumor, gossip, scandal-they dish it out and don't care who they leave in the gutter. I'm not letting that happen to you."

Steven's brows were drawn, his anger raw. Rose watched him in surprise. She drew a breath to ask him if he spoke of an experience in particular, when Steven wrapped his arm around Rose and dragged her to him for a savage kiss.

Chapter Seven

The breath she'd started to draw didn't reach her lungs. Rose couldn't move. Her world narrowed to Steven, his strength, his lips on hers.

The kiss was fierce, not loving. He scraped her mouth open, invading. The room was hot, the fire stoked high, and Rose went hotter still.

Steven tasted of anger, powerfully so, his hands on her back just as powerful. Rose knew she was surrendering to him, and she didn't care one whit.

Steven lifted her off her feet. As the kiss broke, he deposited her on the smooth top of the chest.

Rose's hands landed on the cool wood, her heart pounding. Steven's knee pushed through her skirts, parting her legs, giving him room to step between them and against her. Rose's throat went dry, her slippered feet sliding to Steven's legs before she told them to

She felt his arousal through the wool of his kilt, through her volume of skirts. He surrounded her with his warmth, with himself.

He ran a strong hand through her hair, letting curls tumble free. "You should nae be all buttoned and pinned like this," he said. "You were meant to have your hair down, your clothes loose. No reason to hide your beauty."

"But ... I ..." Only syllables came out, and those in a stammer.

Steven's fingers undid the first button under her chin. "You're so beautiful, Rosie. Do as you like, and damn them all."

Rose should protest that she was a lady, a respectable widow, that she was buttoned up and prim to keep others from talking about her more than they already did.

She couldn't say anything. Do as you like, and damn them all.

He was tempting her. She shouldn't let him. Rose should be adamant, become the prudish, haughty duchess and tell him what she thought of his liberties.

She could only sit still while Steven unfastened another button, and another. His fingers were hot, his fingertips rough. The backs of his hands were crisscrossed with scars, and each of his fingers had been broken at some time and healed-a fighting man's hands.

Steven left off with the buttons and traced her now-exposed throat. "You have the sweetest skin, my Rose. I want to kiss it." He leaned closer. "I want to kiss every inch of it."

Please do, she wanted to answer, but again, her words choked off.

Steven undid more buttons, then pulled her placket apart.

The top of Rose's bodice opened, revealing her br**sts swelling over her corset. Rose thought her heart would be leaping out of her chest, but no, everything was whole and smooth, as it should be.

Steven's gaze raked down her, his glance admiring. "I knew you'd be a beauty."

Rose swallowed, and Steven traced the swallow with his fingertips to her br**sts. His touch was caressing, smoothing, but left streaks of fire in its wake.

Just as Rose thought she'd never breathe again, Steven took his fingers away, leaned down, and pressed his lips to where his touch had been.

Rose's chest lifted with a sudden intake of air. Steven's mouth was hot, wicked, teasing. She dragged in another breath as he pressed kisses to her exposed skin.

She stretched her legs, her feet flexing of their own accord, while Steven kissed between her br**sts, licked, played. He moved his hands down her back to her hips, cupping her there.

Rose was shameless, and she didn't care. The world already thought her a fallen woman-what did she have to lose?

"Rosie," Steven whispered, his Scots accent thick. "Ye taste like heaven. What are ye doing to me?"

His words burned against her skin. Rose felt a sharp pull on her flesh, the bite of Steven's teeth.

He was suckling her, she realized, taking the soft skin of her breast into his mouth. The small pain set her ablaze. Rose hadn't known her body could flush with such need, her ni**les tightening until they ached. She was surrounded by Steven's warmth, strength, scent.

She wound her arms around him, holding him while he licked, kissed, suckled. His arousal pressed to the join of her legs, wanting undisguised.

Steven raised his head, his mouth wet, his short hair mussed. He brushed one finger over the mark he'd made on her breast. "You're mine now, Rosie. I've claimed you."

Why did that statement make her all the more excited? "Yes," she managed.

"You are the loveliest lass I've ever had the fortune to meet."

Rose clung to every word. "Yes," she whispered again.

Steven chuckled, his breath warming her. "They don't deserve you. I don't deserve you. But I promise you my fidelity, lass. My everything."

Rose had no idea what he was talking about, but hearing him say it in his growling Scots was enough.

Steven hands were on her h*ps once more, his mouth again opening hers. Rose daringly ran her fingers down his back, finding the tightness of his bu**ocks through the wool of his kilt. She tentatively caressed his hard, tight hip.

Steven broke the kiss and gave her a swift smile. "Rosie, lass, you're dancing with the devil."

"I am?"

"Doesn't matter though, does it?" Steven brushed another kiss to her mouth. She was pressed so tightly against him that his shirt and waistcoat warmed her bare skin. "I'm going to marry you, after all."

Rose returned his smile. "Yes, I forgot we were betrothed."

"Forgot, did you?" Something hot flickered in his eyes. "Then I'll have to remind ye."

The next kiss showed Rose he'd been holding himself back until now. His mouth burned, his hands were strong, his body hard under her touch. The fact that she was able to hold this virile, amazing, athletic man took her breath away.

Something moved under her bu**ocks, but it had nothing to do with Steven. She shifted her weight and something well and truly pinched her.

Rose gasped, breaking the kiss, sliding forward into Steven's arms. Steven, surprised, caught her, then he started to laugh.

"Look at that, Rosie," he said, his gaze drawn to the cabinet behind her. "I think we've discovered the first secret compartment opened by ardor."

***

As Rose turned to look, Steven struggled to catch his breath. He never thought he'd damn a piece of furniture, but he was damning this one. His need shouted at him to forget about the bloody cabinet and drag Rose to the carpet and finish this.

With any other woman, he'd have done it. Steven would have coaxed her to the floor by now and had her clothes off, her cabinet and her settlements be damned.

Rose was delectable with her bodice unbuttoned as she gazed in curiosity at the piece of inlay that had slid aside beneath her hips. A small drawer had popped up, right against her backside, lucky drawer.

"There's something in it." Rose reached an eager hand for it, but Steven caught her wrist.

He'd lived in Africa too long, he decided-a man never thrust his hand into a shadowy opening or lifted a rock without being very careful. All manner of things could be living there. Even in England, ticks, spiders, and other nasties could exist in a drawer closed for so long inside a wooden cabinet.

Steven moved her hand and then gingerly tugged out the papers she'd spied. Rose leaned to look, forgetting to be modest in her curiosity, and Steven clenched the pages to keep from dropping them. Her open bodice bared her to the waist, her plump br**sts filling her corset. A dark red love bite marked the pale skin of her breast. She was beautiful, decadent, and innocent, all at the same time.

"They're drawings," Rose said in surprise.

Of furniture. Of course, more bloody furniture. Five sketches in all, done in colored pencils, depicting pieces from the same period as the cabinet.

One was of another cabinet with small drawers, this one shaped like an obelisk whose point had been sawn off. The artist had noted that it was mahogany with silver inlay, in the latest "Egyptian" style. Two pictures showed chairs with gilded arms, the arms of each capped with carved, gilded Egyptian-looking heads like those found on canopic jars. One picture showed a pair of large candelabras, each base in the form of a stele covered with hieroglyphic-like writing. A figure of a woman, carved in ebony, knelt on the top of each stele, holding the gold curlicues of the candelabra on her head.

The last drawing was of a settee. Its green and gold striped cushion rested atop a boxlike structure made of ebony and studded with gold. Scenes from ancient Egypt were carved into the settee's arms and burnished with gold, and a sphinx-half lion, half woman-capped each corner.

The settee was a masterpiece. And hideously ugly.

Rose started to laugh. "I always hated this settee. It brought over from Paris by one of Charles's ancestors after the war with Napoleon. Ancient Egypt was all the rage then, even though they didn't yet know much about it."

Steven studied the sketch, every gilded, overly ornate inch of it. "I've seen the wonders of the pyramids at Giza and the tombs at Thebes," he said. "And I assure you, Rosie, that no Egyptian pharaoh ever sat on something like this."

"Of course they didn't. It was for French ladies in their salons. It's horrible."

Steven flipped through the sketches again. "This settee is in your husband's house?"

"All those pieces are. His Egyptian collection, he called them. Been in the house for generations. They're somewhere about."

"Then why didn't we see them? I'd have remembered these."

"I don't know." Rose managed to look thoughtful and alluring at the same time. "We didn't have time to do much more than the main floors. Albert might have had them removed to the attics to put them out of my reach. With all the gold on them, they must be worth something."

Steven looked through the drawings again, then flipped the pages over. A few notes had been made on the back of each, in the original hand, describing upholstery or inlay. One had a tiny drawing, made by a pencil invented long after the Napoleonic period, of a single, full-blown rose.

Steven held it up to her, his thumb on the flower. "A message for you, I think."

He saw the swallow move down Rose's throat as she realized that her late husband must have sketched the flower. She turned the drawing over again and forced a smile. "On the ugly settee, no less."

Steven ran his fingertips along the satinwood of the cabinet. "He knew you'd want this cabinet, because you raved about it. Maybe he left these pictures in it for you to find, guiding you to the settee as the second piece you were to take."

"Possibly," Rose said, sounding dubious. "Perhaps he wanted to give me one thing I'd love and one thing I could sell." Her eyes were moist when she looked up at Steven. "If you can find someone to sell the settee for me, you could have a commission on the sale ... a small one only, I'm afraid." Rose smiled with the lush lips Steven wanted to kiss again.

"Keep your money." He heard the tightness in his voice. "I don't need it."

Rose's smile died. "Oh, I beg your pardon. I didn't mean any insult-"

Steven stopped her words by threading his fingers through her loosened hair and giving her a too-brief kiss. "Not to worry, Rosie, I'll scare up a buyer for you. Right now, in fact."

"Right now?"

The disappointment in her eyes made Steven's heart pound, but he stiffened his resolve. If he didn't leave this room, the hardness of his c**k would win over good intentions. "Sooner it's done, the better." And the sooner he went, the better for his sanity.

"I see." Rose relinquished the sketches when he reached for them. "We'll have to return to Sittford and look for the settee before Albert thinks to get rid of it. Tomorrow, if the weather holds."

Steven shook his head. "Not tomorrow. I have another appointment." One he'd give anything to miss, but at the same time, he knew he had to face it.

Rose looked curious and again disappointed, but she was too well-bred to ask for details. "I won't bother you then. I can go to Sittford myself."

"No." The word was sharp. "Not alone. I don't want you at that house without me. I don't trust Albert at all."

Rose grimaced. "Truth to tell, I'd feel better with you there." Her worried look vanished, and she gave Steven an encouraging smile. "You go on then, and we'll plan the trip later. If you're going out, wrap up warm. It's nippy out there."

He stilled, startled, the papers and furniture forgotten. No woman in Steven's history of women-and that history was a full one-had ever told him, concern in her eyes, to wrap up warm. Not one had mentioned the slightest concern for Steven's well-being. They wanted him for what attention he could give them, and that was all.

Steven laid a hand on her shoulder, his heart full. "I will, lass. You rest now, and start making arrangements of your own."

Rose didn't reach to button her bodice, as many women would once they knew the encounter was over. She only sat, open and beautiful for Steven's gaze.

"Arrangements for what? I should wait to see if we can find the settee first, shouldn't I?"

Steven made himself step away from her, but it took every bit of his strength to do it. "Arrangements for our wedding," he said, giving her a wink. "I'm marrying you, remember?"

As Rose gaped, Steven forced himself to turn around, walk across the room, pick up his greatcoat and hat, and wrench open the door. He deliberately did not glance at her one last time-if he did that, he'd never leave.

He heard her say, Good afternoon, still polite, though he'd more-or-less been ravishing her. Steven lifted his hand in acknowledgement but he strode out into the cool hall without looking back and shut the door.

Steven's body thrummed with the heat of her all the way down the stairs and out of the hotel, and even the freezing winter rain slapping him in the face couldn't cool him.

***

Steven stayed out the rest of the afternoon and into the darkness of evening. Rose couldn't settle into any task-not mending or writing letters or reading. Steven hadn't let the staff bring in any newspapers this morning, and it was just as well. No telling what the journalists had written about her since last night.

I'm marrying you, remember? The words Steven had shot at her before he'd gone rang in her head.

Had he been joking? Steven loved humor, she'd already come to know. He couldn't really mean to marry her-he'd been teasing her, of course. That was what Steven did. He expected Rose to laugh along with him, and she would.

He'd been gone several hours when the maid who'd been waiting on Rose-Alice was her name-tapped on her door. "Begging your pardon, Your Grace," the middle-aged and straight-backed woman said. "There is a lady wishing to speak with Captain McBride. She wanted to come up with me, but the manager has kept her to a back parlor."

"Is she a journalist?" Rose asked in alarm.

"She says not. Doesn't have the look, Your Grace. More like a highborn lady, and a widow at that. She wouldn't give her name, though."

"Hmm." If this lady was one of Steven's friends, why wouldn't she want her name sent up to him? "She was alone?"

"Yes, ma'am. Well, apart from her maid."

A woman conscious of propriety then. Female journalists these days could be seen whisking about alone, which often caused more brow-raising than the stories they wrote, but a respectable lady went nowhere without at least one servant to escort her.

Rose's curiosity wouldn't let it lie. If the woman proved to be a journalist, masquerading as a lady, Rose would be sweet as sugar to her but send her off. If the lady truly was connected with Steven, Rose could at least pass on a message to him.

No, truth to be told, she simply wanted to lay eyes on a woman who would come boldly to a hotel and ask for Steven.

"Shall I tell her you are coming down?" Alice asked as Rose straightened her dress and smoothed her hair.

"No," Rose said abruptly. "No ... I'll just go."

Alice gave her a sage nod. "Yes, ma'am."

Rose's hair was still not right from Steven having pulled it out of its pins, no matter how much she struggled with it. She gave another curl a fierce push into place and left the room.

Chapter Eight

Alice accompanied Rose, rather like a guard dog. Rose let her lead the way to a small parlor buried deep inside the hotel's ground floor. Alice opened the door before Rose could ask her to and announced in a rather grand voice, "The Duchess of Southdown. Ma'am."

She curtseyed, and Rose went past her into the room.

The woman who rose from the curved sofa, giving Rose a look of confusion, was certainly no journalist. She wore black, as Rose did, widow's weeds, but her mourning was fresh. Her black hat trailed crepe to her knees, and a thick black veil, which she'd lifted from her face, would cover her completely when down.

"I beg your pardon," the woman said in a cultured voice. "I am waiting for someone."

"For Captain McBride," Rose said. She closed the door behind her, but she was now uncertain she should have come down. "He is out. Is there any message I can deliver to him?"

The woman gave Rose a look as assessing and curious as the one Rose must be giving her. This lady could not have been reading newspapers either, because she showed no recognition of Rose's name, or the fact that it was now coupled with Steven's.

"Only this," the widow said. "Captain McBride has no need to visit while he is in London. Please tell him that." She paused a beat. "Your Grace."

The title was delivered in a skeptical tone, as though she didn't truly believe Rose a duchess of any kind. She thought Rose Steven's paramour, Rose realized, just as Rose suspected this lady of being one herself.

Steven had told Rose the first morning that his vices were too much drink, too much gambling, and too much interest in the ladies. He'd kissed Rose with fire-any woman would be happy to melt beneath him. Had this one? A small pain entered Rose's heart.

Practically speaking, however, though this lady might have been Steven's paramour in the past, at the moment, her face was pale with grief, her eyes red-rimmed. She'd recently lost someone very close to her, and Rose was moved to compassion.

"I will tell him," Rose said, gentling her voice. "My condolences on your loss."

The woman's face started to crumple, but she caught herself and raised a gloved hand to her lips. "Thank you."

Rose went to her and laid a hand on her arm. "If there is anything I can do ..."

The woman looked up at her, tears fleeing as she gave Rose a startled look. "No. Nothing. Thank you, Your Grace." The honorific was delivered with more conviction this time.

The lady gathered her trailing veil and left the room. A maid came out of the shadows in the hall as she emerged, taking her mistress by the arm to lead her away. The lady leaned on the maid, as though depending on her.

Rose's own maid came forward and stood deferentially, waiting for Rose's orders. "I never learned her name," Rose said, watching the pair disappear through a door to the front of the hotel. "Did you?"

Alice shook her head. "Her lady's maid was properly trained. Never betrayed her with a word, no matter how much I tried."

Rose had to smile. "Curiosity killed the cat," she said, shaking her head. "Perhaps we should be ashamed of ourselves and feel better by having a large tea."

"I'll have one ordered, Your Grace." Alice returned the smile, and departed to find the kitchens.

***

Steven walked back into his suite to find Rose there. Two sensations went through him at the same time-a flash of joy that she was there, and a wash of frustration.

She was going to kill him. Steven had been forced to walk around cold, rainy London a long while this afternoon, before his arousal gave him any peace. Once he believed he'd regained a modicum of control, he'd traveled to a street off Chancery Lane to find Tavis Collins and show him the drawings he and Rose had discovered. The errand had taken care of the rest of his impatient desires.

Three cups of tea and a dram of whiskey later, Steven had summoned the courage to return to the hotel.

To find Rose in his parlor, waiting eagerly for him. His desires sprang forth with rampaging enthusiasm, proving they'd been dormant, not tamed.

Steven tried to remain businesslike as he tossed his hat and coat to the rack inside the door. "Mr. Collins suggested what you did-that you return to Sittford House and scour it for your furniture. He agrees the hand-drawn rose is a clue directing you. He also telegraphed a minister in Dundee who will come in person to declare that the page in the register with your marriage recorded is a forgery. The man didn't want to travel down-Collins suspects he was heftily paid off."

"That would surprise me," Rose said. "Albert is nothing if not tightfisted."

Steven shrugged. "He might pay a lesser sum in order to hold on to a greater one." He moved to a table where a decanter of whiskey had been left for him, and poured himself a fragrant glass. Rose watched him, a sparkle in her eye. The way she held herself, as though barely containing something, made him stop before he took a drink. "You seem robust this evening. Had a good rest, did you?"

"A lady came to see you," Rose said. "Newly widowed. I don't know who she was."

"Ah." If anything would kill his burning need for Rose it was that. "She came here? Why on earth did she, I wonder?"

"She didn't say," Rose said. "She was rather surprised to see me. She told me to tell you that you needn't bother to visit her."

Steven turned the whiskey glass in his hand. "Did she?" He studied the amber contents, debating whether to pour it down his throat and erase the rising pain or opt for staying sober. He chose, and emptied the glass into his mouth.

"I'm sorry, Steven."

Steven swallowed the burning liquid and thumped down the glass. Rose was looking at him in true contrition, her words almost sad. "For what?" he asked.

"It was clearly a private matter between you and the lady, and none of my business. I went to speak to her because of my own silly curiosity. I should not have."

Steven reached for the whiskey decanter, then let his hand fall from it. He shook his head. "No need to flog yourself, lass. If a gentleman had come here asking to see you, I'd have had him against the wall, demanding to know what he wanted."

"But it distressed her, and she wasn't feigning her grief. For that, I am sorry."

"No, she's not feigning." Steven let out a sigh. "She is the appointment I have tomorrow. She told me not to come, did she?" He fingered the empty glass then firmly pushed it from him. "I'll tell you the whole sad story, Rosie, but not tonight. Tonight, I'd like to forget all about it." He gazed at Rose, taking her in, letting the beauty of her soothe him. All the black she wore couldn't shut out the vibrancy of her, couldn't even mute it.

Steven abandoned the whiskey and went to her. "You and I are engaged to be married. We have no need to hide ourselves in this hotel as though ashamed of the fact." He caught her hand and raised it to his lips. "So put on your best dress, my love. I'm taking you out on the town."

***

Out on the town meant dinner at a restaurant and an evening at the theatre. The restaurant was the Albion in Russell Street near Drury Lane Theatre, where Steven ordered a lavish meal and champagne. He lounged in his chair, looking relaxed and unashamed, caring nothing that so many people stared at them.

Steven focused all his attention on Rose and no one else in the room. Rose's blood heated as she found herself the subject of Steven's gray gaze, especially when he leaned forward slightly to speak to her. His irises were ringed with deeper gray, like the dark lining of a sunlit cloud.

He asked her about her life in Scotland with her father. Rose had thought her existence in rural Scotland then Edinburgh dully domestic, but Steven hung on every word, as though her stories fascinated him. He told her a little about his life in the army, making light of what must be hardships-heat, insects, diseases, exhaustion, and living in danger of attack even in quiet times. Steven painted a picture of Africa that was nothing but beauty, of its huge skies, endless rivers, and expansive lands.

"I'd love to see it," Rose said wistfully. The world that she knew, in spite of being a lofty duchess, was small. Charles hadn't enjoyed going out to restaurants like this one, or even coming to London-he'd loved staying home by the fire. Their only outing during Rose's married life had been rambling walks in the countryside. They'd been climbing in the hills near Sittford when Charles's heart had given out. He'd felt unwell during the walk, they'd gone back to the house, Charles had taken to his bed, and he'd not lasted the night.

"No reason you shouldn't," Steven said. "Africa is dangerous for a lady, but some wives do manage it. As a married man, I'd be entitled to larger quarters."

"Indeed?" Rose asked with a sly smile. "Now I understand your quest for a wife. A bigger tent."

Steven's grin widened. "More impetus than that, I assure you." His eyes took on a teasing light. "I can think of many more reasons for a man to marry you, Rosie."

She gave him an innocent look. "Someone to bring you your slippers?"

Steven moved closer, his voice going low. "That could be interesting." He leaned into her, blocking the view of the other diners, and curled his tongue slowly at her.

Rose went hot all the way down. Steven showing his blatant wanting here in a restaurant, in public, made her body tighten, her br**sts heavy and warm. She recalled the feeling of him pressed between her legs when he'd sat her on the cabinet, the bite of pleasure-pain when he'd left the mark on her breast. She burned.

"McBride?"

Rose flushed, but Steven sat up without hurry and turned to see who'd spoken. Two men in regimentals were approaching the table, one lifting his hand in greeting.

Steven rose to meet them then held out a hand and assisted Rose to her feet. "Rose, may I introduce Major Clifford and Lieutenant Spencer, from my regiment. Gentlemen, this is my fiancee, the Dowager Duchess of Southdown."

Both men stared, eyes widening, while trying to be polite. "Ah," the major said. "I had no idea. Congratulations McBride."

"Scots' luck," Spencer, who wasn't much into his twenties, said. "My felicitations, sir."

They shook hands with Rose, bowed, made compliments, and directed more teasing remarks at Steven. Rose answered cordially, and didn't jump when Steven tucked her hand beneath his arm and pulled her close.

Rose kept her surprise hidden. She hadn't thought Steven would extend the pretense of their engagement beyond the ruse for the journalists. These were Steven's colleagues, his friends, and he was blithely standing in front of them declaring himself engaged.

Rose was surprised again when they said good-bye to the lieutenant and major and left the restaurant and rode the short distance to Covent Garden Theatre. The drama had already begun when they arrived, but lack of punctuality didn't seem to be unusual. Others were trickling in, talking and laughing, unworried that they were late.

A pretty woman, her plump body reminding Rose of a dove, waved to Steven. She was on the arm of a tall Scotsman with dark red hair and a handsome face, who kept his gaze fixed on a gilded frieze above them, studying it with grave intensity. He didn't cease his scrutiny even when Steven and Rose stopped in front of the couple.

"Steven, how lovely," the lady said, catching his hands. "I didn't know you were in London. Your brother never tells me anything."

Steven clasped her gloved hands in return, leaned down, and kissed the woman's cheek. "Haven't been here long, I promise."

The kiss drew the attention of the tall Scot very fast. His gaze slammed to Steven's, and though he didn't look directly into Steven's eyes, the ferocity on his face was plain.

Steven released the woman's hands and stepped back without showing concern. "Sinclair keeps to himself. His remembering to mention anything about his personal life is an event. Unless he's whinging on about governesses."

"Still no luck there?"

Steven shook his head. "Afraid not."

The Scotsman did not relax, even with Steven a pace away from the woman. He fixed Steven with a stern eye, seeming to pay no attention to what they discussed. His lady apparently found nothing unusual in this. She continued, "Well, I've exhausted all my recommendations and so have my sisters-in-law. By the time Sinclair finds someone appropriate, Cat and Andrew will be grown."

"The last one objected to Andrew filling her bed with beetles," Steven said. "Can't much blame her. Couldn't have been nice, sliding under the sheets to find them crawling with critters that crunch when squashed."

"Oh, Steven, you are awful." The lady laughed openly, but the Scotsman remained unmoved.

"Beg your pardon," Steven said. "My manners are appalling. Rose, may I introduce you to Beth-Lady Ian Mackenzie. Beth, I present-"

"The Dowager Duchess of Southdown," the Scotsman said, his low and strong voice breaking over Steven's. "Betrothed to Captain Steven McBride, but no official announcement has appeared in any newspaper. Staying at the Langham hotel in adjacent suites. The dowager is a year and three months widowed, her marriage to the Duke of Southdown called into question by the new duke, Albert Francis."

Beth stared at her husband, but again, she didn't look surprised or concerned.

"Oh dear," Rose said when the man closed his mouth and switched his unnerving focus to her. "Has there been a general declaration?"

"I read seven newspapers today," Lord Ian said, still staring at Rose. "All say the same thing. But the engagement can't be real until there is an official announcement, so the newspapers are making it up." He switched his gaze to Steven. "Why are they?"

Steven did not look alarmed. "Let us adjourn to a box upstairs, Ian, my friend." He reached to put a hand on Ian's shoulder then pulled back before touching him, as though thinking better of it. "And I'll explain everything."

Chapter Nine

Beth was delighted with the ruse. In an elegant box that belonged to the Duke of Kilmorgan, she clasped her hands and laughed at Steven's tale of meeting Rose and his decision to begin the pretense. Rose listened with some trepidation, but Beth appeared to find nothing wrong with their behavior.

"Marvelous," Beth said. "That stopped a few wagging tongues, I imagine."

"Now they're wagging about this betrothal," Rose said. "Wagging very hard, it seems. Steven wouldn't bring a newspaper upstairs today."

"I didn't want you worrying, Rosie." Steven laced his fingers through Rose's. "You have enough to think on already."

Beth watched him kiss Rose's fingers and raised her brows. "Are you certain it's only a ruse?"

Steven winked at her. "For now." Rose tried to pretend it was all part of the game, but her face went hot.

Ian appeared to have lost interest in the entire conversation. His attention was fixed now on a silk ribbon attached to Beth's sleeve, which he'd untied from its ornamental bow. Now he wrapped one end around his large finger, rubbed his thumb over it, unwound it, and started the process over again. He sat very close to Beth, his thigh overlapping into her chair as he continued to caress her ribbon.

He was an unusual man, certainly. Odd, even. But watching him, Rose saw how gentle he was with Beth, and how he couldn't stay far from her. He liked watching her too, his gaze softening when she smiled at him, while with Steven and Rose he was still a bit stiff. Shy, Rose thought, though this seemed more than simple shyness.

Beth possessed an openness her husband lacked. She engaged Rose in conversation without stiltedness, neither awed by the fact that Rose was a duchess or put off by the rumors about her. Beth spoke to Rose as though they were already friends, and Rose, for the first time in years, had an enjoyable evening.

Rose now understood Steven's insistence that they watch the play with the Mackenzies from this box. Plenty of lorgnettes and opera glasses trained on them from other boxes and the stalls below, and plenty of heads moved together to discuss it. No one paid much attention to the play. But this box belonged to Hart Mackenzie, Duke of Kilmorgan, Lord Ian's brother. None of the staring people would accost them here.

When the drama onstage was over, and they all rose to leave, Steven suggested they all go to the Albion for a light meal before they retired. Ian said absolutely nothing, but annoyance flickered in his eyes.

He wanted to be alone with his wife, Rose saw. Sitting with a stranger and even with Steven had difficult for him, she understood. In any other man, Rose might take this for rudeness, but having watched him all evening, Rose saw that Ian's oddities made him different, and he knew it. He tried to blend in, but he knew.

Rose saw too that Beth loved him. The little glances she'd given her husband to make sure he was all right and the secret looks they exchanged told Rose that theirs was a special bond indeed.

She couldn't help wishing for one exactly like it.

"Perhaps not," Rose said, while Steven waited for Beth's answer. "I am rather tired. It's been a wonderful evening, but we had a long day, and I'm weary."

Steven took her hand and stepped against her, looking down into her eyes. "Of course, love."

For a single moment, as Steven's gray gaze fixed on her and her alone, nothing else existed. The noise of the emptying theatre went away, the draft that came into the box as a footman held open the door, Beth's low voice as she spoke to Ian. Only Steven filled Rose's world, his smile, the warmth in his eyes, his voice wrapping around her as he said, Of course, love.

She wanted to save the moment, and never let it go.

Then Steven kissed her hand, released it, and turned to fetch her coat.

As they exited the box, Steven and Beth talking easily again, Ian moved in front of Rose and stopped, facing her. His tall body filled the doorway, blocking her way out. As Rose started to politely ask him to let her pass, Ian leaned to her, pitching his voice low.

"He needs it to be real."

Rose blinked. "I beg your pardon?"

Ian waited for a few seconds of silence, as though thinking through his words. "He needs it to be real," he repeated slowly. "With you."

The words were simple, yet something caught in Rose's heart. She cleared her throat. "Captain McBride is helping me. That is all."

Ian shook his head, his brows lowering. "No. You are helping him."

He turned away, moving to where Beth and Steven waited in the hall. Steven gave Rose an inquiring look, but Ian turned to Beth, the rest of the world forgotten as he absorbed himself in her.

***

Rose pondered what Ian had said on the silent ride back to the hotel. Steven said little, his laughter gone as he looked moodily out the window to the dark night.

He needs it to be real.

Needed what to be real? The betrothal? The affection Rose was developing for him? More than affection ...

Steven McBride did not need her. He was a good-natured, attractive, entertainment-seeking bachelor who liked to play cards and imbibe a little too much-although he'd been quite moderate in his drink tonight. He came from a respectable Scottish family and had highborn friends and connections like the Mackenzies. His fellow officers apparently thought well of him. Why would Steven need a betrothal to a scandalous woman like Rose?

She had no idea, and no idea why Steven became moodier and more abrupt when they reached the hotel. It was late enough that not many people were about, but couples in evening finery still watched as the two of them ascended the stairs together.

Outside their suites of rooms, Rose started to say good night, but Steven stopped and tugged her hand out of the crook of his arm.

"I can't do it, Rosie."

Rose faced him, raising her brows to hide the rapid beating of her heart. "Can't do what?"

"Stay here and go tamely to bed, knowing you're-"

He broke off, took her key from her and unlocked her door. He opened it and guided her inside, hand on his elbow. The parlor of Rose's suite was still lit, a coal fire dancing on the hearth in anticipation of her return.

"Knowing I'm what?" Rose asked.

Steven closed the door. "Knowing you're in here." The words were almost a snarl. "On the other side of the wall, while I try to be a gentleman and stay away from you." He cupped her cheek with his warm hand. "It's too damned hard."

It was hard for Rose too. She touched his fingers. "The world already thinks it, Steven," she said softly, hearing the tremble in the words. "In spite of our separate rooms. You know they do."

Heat flared in Steven's eyes, then his look turned self-deprecating. "I'm trying to help you win back your good name, not tarnish it more." He laced his fingers through hers and lifted her hand to his lips. "I can't stay in the hotel, lass. I'll never sleep if I do, and I have an appointment to keep tomorrow. I'll be back in time for breakfast."

Rose gripped his hand when he tried to withdraw it. "Don't."

"No choice, love." Steven kissed the tip of her nose but held himself stiffly away from her. "Good night."

"Good night," Rose said faintly, letting him go.

She watched him move across the room, taking up the hat he'd dropped to a table. "Steven," she called.

He turned back at the door, impatient to be away.

"Be careful," Rose said. "You've been ... ill the last two mornings ..."

"From overindulging?" His smile was wry. "Don't worry, love. The appointment tomorrow is too important for me to arrive hungover. Sweet dreams." Steven swung away and said nothing more as he disappeared out the door.

An important appointment with a grieving widow. Whoever she might be.

Steven had dropped the silk scarf he'd worn tonight around his neck. Rose lifted it, debated running after him with it, then lifted it to her lips instead. The soft fabric still held his warmth, but it didn't ease the ache in Rose's heart.

***

Steven was packing up the effects of one Captain Ronald Ellis when Rose tapped on the door of Steven's parlor and entered to his grunted, "Come in."

Rose stopped in surprise upon seeing the valise and the red uniform being laid inside. "Gracious, are you leaving?"

The note in her voice was one of dismay and alarm, which warmed Steven's heart unexpectedly. She hadn't asked with polite disinterest but with worry that he was going.

Steven smoothed out the uniform. "This isn't mine. I'm taking it to the widowed Mrs. Ellis."

"Oh." He saw Rose readjust her thoughts. "The woman who tried to call on you yesterday?"

"The very one."

Rose came to him and studied the pile inside the valise then reached in and started pulling things out to refold. Steven relinquished the task to her. As a soldier, he'd learned to pack efficiently, but the ability had deserted him this morning.

"Why does she not wish you to come?" Rose asked, shaking out and folding the red uniform coat. "I would think she'd want her husband's things returned."

"She wants the things," Steven said. "Not me." He let out a breath. "But I need to go. To finish this."

Steven had no wish to face Laura Ellis this morning, but he owed it to Ronald. Laura would hate him, and that was fine. He'd go to her, let her take out her grief on him, and that would be all. He'd promised Ronald.

Rose was watching him out of the corner of her eye as she packed. She had no idea what this was all about, but she wasn't impatient or demanding him to explain. Steven folded his arms and let her warmth drift over him, closing his eyes to it. He wasn't hungover this morning, but somehow he'd prefer a pounding headache and brassy throat to the remorse in his heart.

"Would you like me to go with you?" Rose was asking.

Steven popped his eyes open. "There's no need ..." He trailed off. Rose's eyes were full of compassion, a softness for Steven. She'd had that even the first night he'd met her and fallen so cravenly into her bosom.

"Yes," he said. "Please. Come with me, Rosie."

***

Ellis had inherited a house north of Oxford Street, near Cavendish Square. Rose had asked Miles her former coachman to drive them, saying that such an errand should not be made in a hired hack. If Albert found out, he'd have to lump it, she said decidedly. Steven was torn between laughter at her resolve and dread of his errand.

Rain had started coming down in earnest. The London streets were soaked, mist rising from the pavements. Miles drove slowly, the streets slippery, but all too soon, he pulled up in front of the house in Mortimer Street.

Steven had dressed in his regimentals for this errand, and rain fell on his bare head as he descended. Rose started to come out after him, but Steven forestalled her.

"No need for that. You stay cozy in here." He took the valise she handed him and gave her hand a caress. "Knowing you're out here waiting for me will be enough to sustain me."

"Please give Mrs. Ellis my condolences," Rose said. "I know how difficult this is for her."

Because Rose herself had lost a beloved husband, she meant. But she didn't understand the half of it, unfortunately. "Thanks, love. Stay warm, now."

Steven squared his shoulders, hefted the valise, stepped to the door, and knocked upon it.

***

"Steven." Laura rose from where she sat at a writing table as her maid admitted him. The maid had tried to tell him that Mrs. Ellis wasn't receiving, but Steven overrode her. "I asked for you not to come."

"I know." Steven set the valise on a table and opened it. "But I know you'd regret ever after if I didn't. Here it is."

Laura stared at the valise as though it held a snake. She took one step, two, and peered inside.

"He wanted you to have it," Steven said, gentling his voice. "I couldn't not bring it."

Laura ran her hand over the uniform coat inside, fingers catching on the buttons and braid. Her shoulders sagged.

"And this." Steven removed a locket and chain from his pocket and pressed it into her hands.

Laura stared down at it, anguish on her face. "What do we do now? Tell me, Steven. What do I do?"

"We remember him. And honor him."

"Yes. Yes, I ..." Her voice broke, and as Steven had feared, Laura burst into sobs. "I can't. I loved him. I'll never, ever love anyone like that again."

Her cries were heartbreaking. She rushed at Steven, reaching for him, needing him.

Steven had come here intending to be firm with her, even callous if he needed to be, but he saw now that Laura was truly suffering. He pulled her into his arms, and Laura clung to him, weeping into his shoulder.

The weeping was more than grief, Steven knew. It was guilt for her part in the affair, guilt at cuckolding Steven, fear that she'd driven Ronald to his death. Steven carried his own share of guilt.

The door of the room creaked open, and a breath of air entered the stifling room. "Is everything all right?" Rose asked in her voice like soothing rain. "Can I help?"

Chapter Ten

Rose paused on the threshold, torn between pity and jealousy as the woman continued to cry on Steven's shoulder. She reminded herself she had no right to be jealous, but emotions like that had no sense of their own.

Rose had fully intended to remain in the carriage and let Steven attend to his own business. But she'd been able to see, though the parlor windows, Steven speaking to the widowed Mrs. Ellis, and Mrs. Ellis hurtling herself at Steven. Steven had started in surprise, and by the look on his face had no idea what to do with her. Rose had called for the footman who'd accompanied them and bade him help her from the carriage and to the house.

The woman-Mrs. Ellis-raised her head when she heard Rose's voice. Her eyes were red-rimmed with weeping, her face blotchy. She wrenched herself away from Steven as though Steven had been clutching her instead of the other way around, and dragged a handkerchief from her pocket.

"Why did you bring her here?" Mrs. Ellis asked piteously. "How could you, Steven?"

Steven's face was flushed, and he balled his gloved hands to fists and cleared his throat. "May I present Her Grace, the Dowager Duchess of Southdown?" he said stiffly. "My fiancee."

"What?" Mrs. Ellis raised her head, her voice ragged. "Fiancee? What are you talking about?"

Steven continued to stand rigidly. "If you'd bothered to look at a newspaper the last few days, you'd have seen it splashed everywhere."

Mrs. Ellis stared at him a moment, then she swung her gaze to the maid who'd followed Rose into the parlor, trying to stop her. "Evans," she snapped. "Fetch me a newspaper."

The maid curtseyed then vanished without a word. She was back quickly, newspapers in her hand. She handed one to Mrs. Ellis, face-up to the place that said, Captain S- McB- and his tenacious duchess dine together, then head for the theatre with his illustrious McK- in-laws. The play in question was Medea. One hopes it is not prophetic.

Mrs. Ellis read this, her color changing from red to unhealthy pale. "Oh." She looked up, not at Rose, but at Steven, and her expression was one of chagrin but also relief-vast relief. How odd. "Steven, forgive me. I had no idea." She turned to Rose and flushed again. "I'm so sorry, Your Grace." She sank down to the sofa, the spirit gone out of her.

Rose sat next to her in concern. "Are you all right? Evans, please bring your mistress tea."

Evans hurried to obey while Steven stood in the center of the room, a masculine pillar in the midst of feminine hysteria.

"Steven, you should have told me," Mrs. Ellis said, looking up at him, her handkerchief at her eyes again. "I never would have ..."

"Forget it," Steven said in a firm voice. "It's done."

The tension between them was thick. Rose wished she knew what was going on, but she realized that now was not the time to ask.

"Congratulations." Mrs. Ellis directed the word first at Steven then at Rose. "I hope you will be happy. I truly do."

"I intend to be," Steven answered.

The look he sent Rose seemed to erase all doubt in Mrs. Ellis's mind. She turned a genuine smile on Rose. "My sincerest apologies, Your Grace. Steven was right-I knew nothing, and only assumed. I think this is wonderful. The best thing that could happen. You've brightened my day a bit." She squeezed Rose's hand, and Rose smiled back, more to reassure her than anything else.

The tea came. Rose poured a cup for Mrs. Ellis and pushed it into her hand but declined any herself.

"We have much to do," Rose said, rising. "Everything is very rushed, unfortunately." She took Mrs. Ellis's hand. "Again, I am very sorry to hear about your husband. I know well what it is to lose one so dear. We will never cease missing them, but it does become more bearable. But we wouldn't want to lose the pain entirely, would we? Then it would be as if they hadn't mattered."

Mrs. Ellis nodded, tears filling her eyes again. "You are right. Entirely right." She set aside her tea and got to her feet, becoming again the polite woman Rose had met the day before. "Take care of Steven, Your Grace. He deserves happiness."

She squeezed Rose's hands then let her go. Steven was beside Rose now, his hand on her elbow. "Good-bye, Laura," he said firmly, and steered Rose out.

***

Not until they were in the carriage, moving through the streets toward the Langham did Rose venture to speak.

"If you don't wish to talk of it, I understand," she said to Steven, who'd taken the seat opposite her. "But I admit a healthy curiosity."

Steven had been silent since they'd left the house, but he now held out a hand to Rose. "Come and sit with me."

He was asking her to throw propriety to the wind. Ladies and gentlemen who were not related did not occupy the same seat in a carriage, and the ladies always rode facing forward while the gentlemen faced the rear of the coach.

The little rules seemed ridiculous now that they'd broken so many larger ones. Rose didn't hesitate to go to Steven and snuggle in next to him. She laid her cheek on his warm coat, and he slid his arm around her as rain streaked the carriage windows like tears.

"My friend Ronald and I first met Laura five years ago, when we were on leave for Christmas," Steven began. "And we both fell hard. She was twenty-two and a stunning beauty."

"She is still quite pretty," Rose managed to say. The bite of jealousy rose up in her again, but she would run back to the hotel alone in the rain before she'd admit it.

Steven touched her cheek. "You're a generous soul, Rosie. Ronald and I made great fools of ourselves for her. We were best friends, closer than most brothers, and I think we enjoyed the game for her affections. She certainly enjoyed playing us one off the other. She had us fighting for her favors, each trying to trick the other out of escorting her to whatever outings we'd planned. We both went a little mad, threatening each other with dire fates. Laura sat between us and lapped up every morsel of it. I postured as much as Ronald, even coming to blows with him, but somewhere in the back of my mind, no matter how far things went, I still considered it all a game. After Christmas, we'd rejoin the regiment as best friends." Steven drew a sharp breath. "When Laura chose me as her affianced, I was very proud of myself. What I didn't realize at the time was that Ronald hated me for it."

"Oh." Rose's heart squeezed, and she fought her demon again. No reason for it, she told herself. Clearly the marriage had not come to pass. "But she married Captain Ellis," she said, puzzled.

Steven gave her a nod. "That came later, after I squired Laura about for the rest of that season, very full of myself. She quite played it up as well. What neither she nor I knew was how much Ronald felt it. I had no idea-I was only pleased I'd won the game. I play to win." He let out a breath, sounding bitter. "One night, Ronald cornered me alone in my hotel room. He had a pistol and vowed to shoot me, then himself."

Rose sat up in alarm. "Good heavens. What did you do?"

"He was very drunk, and I was able to wrestled the pistol away from him, thank God. But I saw the misery in his eyes. I realized in that single moment that Ronald loved Laura deeply, and I never had. I'd been infatuated, and wanted to best everybody, as I always do. I'd been gambling as usual, but this time with friendship and our lives."

Rose rubbed her thumb over the inside his wrist. "Oh, Steven. I'm sorry."

Steven sent her a self-deprecating smile. "No need. I'd been a thorough idiot, and the shock of Ronald truly wanting to kill me woke me up. So I conceded the field. I told Ronald I knew he and Laura belonged together. I'd allow her to break the engagement, then I left for Scotland, taking myself out of the way."

"What did Mrs. Ellis say to that?" Rose tried to imagine the grief-stricken woman she'd met devastated that Steven wanted to break the engagement. No, she'd truly loved her husband. Her sorrow hadn't been feigned, and she hadn't looked at Steven with regret or any sort of longing.

Steven gave a short laugh. "She'd wanted Ronald the whole time, it turned out. Used me to make him declare himself. I doubt she thought he'd go as dramatically far as he did. I walked away, spent my Christmas with my family in Scotland, as per usual, and went back to the regiment. Ronald returned too, by himself, but a married man. He'd obtained a special license and done the deed at New Year's."

"Mrs. Ellis didn't accompany him?"

He shook his head. "She didn't like the idea of living outside England, especially not in such a difficult place as Africa. Which was why I'd never had any fear of taking the game to its logical conclusion. I'd have gotten out of the engagement before it became too entangling. I'd want a wife willing to accompany me."

Rose secretly thought Mrs. Ellis a fool. If Steven had asked her, Rose would have eagerly followed him wherever he went, never mind heat and hardship.

"What happened to Captain Ellis?" Rose asked.

Steven looked out the window, but there was nothing to see but drops on the glass and mist beyond. Very little sunshine penetrated the gloom of the day, sealing them in a half-light of gray.

Rose rested her head on his shoulder again. "If you don't want to tell me the rest, I understand."

Steven drew a long breath. "No, I want you to know the rest of the story. Ronald and I were on a patrol one night a month or so ago, and got cut off from camp. He'd told me that morning that when he took leave this year, it would be his last. He planned to leave the army and settle down with Laura and raise children. He was happy, and I was happy for him. Things had never been the same between us since he tried to shoot me, no matter how many times he'd apologized for it or tried to make up for it. I was glad we were putting the whole sordid business behind us. But it wasn't meant to be." Steven turned from the window and looked down at her. "We ran into a pocket of rebels, they had guns, and they shot Ronald, right in front of me."

"Steven." Rose slid her arms around him, her heart aching. "How horrible."

"He never had a chance," he said, voice stoic. "I got him away and to a safe place, but he died as I held him."

Rose tightened her embrace. It felt so natural to comfort him, as though she had a right to. "I'm so sorry."

"His last words to me were another apology." Steven gave another short laugh. "Ronald thought I was still in love with Laura, to my surprise. He told me to go back to England and look after her. Gave me his blessing to marry her. I couldn't argue with him, not while he was dying. It was important to him that he made his peace with me this way, so I agreed to take care of her."

Rose said nothing. Steven turned back to the window, the rain increasing outside. Rose thought about how Steven had introduced her to Mrs. Ellis, emphasizing she was his fiancee. And Mrs. Ellis's look of relief.

"She doesn't want to marry you," Rose said. "Is that what she thought you'd come to do? Propose to her?"

"Yes," Steven answered wearily. "Ronald apparently told her that if anything ever happened to him, she and I could be together. But Laura never wanted me. She still doesn't. That's why she tried to put me off. I only insisted delivering Ronald's things so I could fulfill my promise to him, and close the matter."

"I understand." Rose rested her hand on the seat beside her. "Handy that the world thought you betrothed then, wasn't it?"

She spoke lightly, but she at last understood Steven's willingness to have his name coupled with hers, to have the journalists spread the tale that they were engaged. It would send a message to Mrs. Ellis for once and for all that the events of the past were at an end.

"Rose." Steven turned to her, a hard light in his eyes. "I might have seen the opportunity, that first morning. But that's not what it became."

His look made anything jealous in her shrivel in shame. "I'm not angry," she said, her voice quiet. "I am happy to help you in return for the assistance you've rendered me." She tried to smile. "Even to keep you out of an unwanted marriage."

"Not to keep me out-to give Laura her freedom. I know her. She'd convinced herself I was still in love with her, and that it was her duty to marry me for Ronald's sake. Even if I hadn't proposed, she'd have martyred herself, waiting for me to so. This way, she can move on with her life, marry someone else if she wishes, instead of either burying herself for me or marrying me and both of us living in horrible guilt. Now she's free."

Rose nodded. "I do see that." She thought of her first encounter with Mrs. Ellis and became torn between amusement and embarrassment. "I suppose she thought I was your paramour."

Steven leaned back against the seat. "At this moment, I don't give a damn what she thought. I've done my part, now we can all rest in peace."

Before Rose could ask him what he meant by that, the coach slowed, nearing the hotel. The street was crowed, despite the rain, and men in black suits waited near the hotel's entrance for their return.

"Oh, God," Steven said, peering out at them. "I can't face that mob right now. Miles!" he called.

Miles opened the hatch below his seat and peered inside. "Yes, sir?"

"Can you take us somewhere a little less conspicuous?"

"Yes, sir." Miles snapped closed the hatch and the carriage turned abruptly. In the mist and rain, perhaps the journalists would not see the crest of the Duke of Southdown on the coach's side.

Miles drove them back to Mayfair, to Grosvenor Street and the mews behind it. He was going to lend them his quarters above the coach house again, Rose saw.

The rain was coming down in earnest as Miles halted the coach. Steven pulled a flap of his greatcoat around Rose as he helped her down, then they dashed together into the warm, horse-scented coach house. A side door took them to a flight of stairs leading to the quarters above, where Mrs. Miles greeted them with tea.

Mrs. Miles helped Steven out of his wet coat, telling him she'd sent hot water up to the spare room he'd used before, if he wanted to wash his face and hands. She chivvied him on up the stairs, then brought a basin and towel to Rose.

Rose rinsed her face and patted it dry, blessing Mrs. Miles for her understanding. It was cozy here, in the small quarters where only Miles and his wife lived. Albert kept no other staff permanently in Town; he employed Miles only because he was paid by a trust settled upon him by Charles. Miles and his wife stayed for Rose's sake, they'd let her know early on, and she was grateful to the pair of them.

Rose finished her ablutions and drank a cup of tea, but Steven did not reappear. After half a second cup and a wonderful scone, Rose filled the cup that waited for Steven and carried it up the stairs to the room at the top of the house.

She'd feared to find Steven on the bed, thinking haunting thoughts of his friend and his death, but he stood at the tiny dormer window, looking out. Rain streaked the window, filming it with an almost constant stream of water. Steven rested his arm on the high sill, his face turned out to the gloom.

"I brought you your tea," Rose said brightly. "Truth to tell, I was getting a bit worried about you."

"Were you?" Steven made no move to take the tea, and Rose set it on the washstand, the only other piece of furniture in the room. "No need. I'll weather my storm. Already have, mostly."

Rose made for the door. "Have a drink of the tea-it's quite good. And come down soon. Mrs. Miles has gone about her errands, and Miles is looking after the horses, so there's no need to make conversation if you don't want to."

Steven turned his head and looked at her, his expression telling her he hadn't taken in a word she'd just said. "Don't go, Rosie."

His voice pulled at her, stirring fires in her heart. "There's more tea downstairs," she said quickly. "And scones. Light as a feather, with plenty of jam-"

"Rose." Steven cross the cramped room and laid his large hand on her arm. "Stay."

His hand was heavy, strong, but it was the look in his gray eyes that decided the matter. "Yes," Rose whispered, and closed the door.

Chapter Eleven

Steven went very still as Rose shut the door and turned back to him. No modest protests, no fluttering. Rose understood what Steven wanted, and she wanted it too.

She came to him, resting her hands on his chest, looking up into his eyes.

Their first kiss was unhurried. Steven cupped Rose's face in his hands, parting her lips to kiss her slowly, deeply. He tasted the tea she'd drunk, with its bite of lemon and a little bit of raw brown sugar, a taste he remembered from his childhood.

Rosie, lass, a voice inside him whispered. I've needed you all my life and never knew it.

Rose locked her fingers around the lapels of Steven's coat. His heart beat faster as he felt her shaking, knowing she was holding herself back from delving into his clothes.

I'll let you do whatever you wish, my Scottish Rose.

Steven peeled her fingers away and slid off the coat. He tossed it over the foot of the bed and didn't stop moving until he'd relieved himself of collar and cravat and unbuttoned the top of his shirt.

Rose moved her focus to his throat, touching his bronzed skin as though fascinated by it. Steven smiled at her, his body warming, finding an answering spark in her green eyes.

He pulled off his shirt and rid himself of the short-sleeved undershirt beneath it. Cold air touched his skin, this room again warmed only by the chimney that rose through it.

Rose's lashes swept down as she looked him over, taking in his tanned chest and its brush of golden hair, his flat ni**les that were also sun-bronzed. She'd seen him bare when he'd lain in this bed that first morning, but she'd blushed and pretended to look elsewhere.

Not so now. Rose gave him the compliment of a half-smile as she ran her gaze over him, as though pleased with what she saw.

The look made his blood burn. More so when she leaned forward and kissed his shoulder. The touch of tongue on his bare skin made him want to groan.

"You're a wicked lass," he said, closing his hands around her elbows. "Do you know what that does to me?"

"What?" Rose slanted him the same eager smile she'd worn when she'd agreed to his deception of their engagement. She'd proved that she loved games, like Steven did, but Rose would win every hand she played.

"It makes me want to be a very bad man," Steven said. He ran his hand up the back of her neck, sinking into her curls. "I'm already a bad man, but I'm holding back for your sake."

"Don't," Rose said, losing her smile. "Don't hold back for me. I need ..."

Steven read the rest in her eyes. I need to be held, to be loved, to feel wanted. Or perhaps those sentiments were Steven's.

"I need it too," he whispered. Maybe he said that-he wasn't certain what was inside his head and what wasn't right now.

He only knew he was stiff with need, and he had a beautiful woman caressing him with both hands.

Steven gathered her close, the press of her body against his hardness, even through his kilt, making him ache. He kissed her as she smoothed her hands over his bare back, and then the kiss turned fierce.

Rose wanted him. That little knowledge made Steven fling away caution and kick self-control out the window. Rose was a beautiful woman, one as lonely as he was. They were alone in this aerie, and she was hungry. If she wanted to feed on Steven, so be it. After all, they were betrothed.

Steven finished the kiss by biting down on her lower lip, which made her gasp, then he unbuttoned the front of her bodice and pushed it open.

Her corset cover had little bows on it, white satin ones that beckoned his fingers. Stephen undid one, and Rose laughed at him. Then he saw why-the bows were decorative and didn't open anything.

The hooks in the back did. Steven unfastened them and slid bodice and corset cover off. He kissed Rose again as he unlaced her stays and pulled them away.

Beneath she wore combinations, the top part made of thin lawn and lined with an edge of lace at the neck. In Steven's hurry, he tore buttons, but soon Rose was bare to him.

He stood back to admire her. Now free of the dark cloth that swathed her upper body, Rose was truly the angel he'd thought her the first night. Her skin was replete with color-a pink flush across her throat and chest, the red of her lips, the glorious gold of her hair, and the dark red-brown of her ni**les.

Steven cupped her waist, moving his hands up under her br**sts. The swell of them filled his palms, just as he'd known they would, and he held them while he brushed his thumbs over her areolas. Her ni**les tightened still more as Steven caressed them.

"You are beautiful, Rosie," he said, almost reverently. "Like your name."

"My mother loved roses." The words were so soft they faded against the thrum of rain on the roof.

"I love them too," Steven said, drawing her close.

Her back was warm, smooth, her br**sts fine against his bare chest. Rose lifted into the next kiss, her movements fluid. She was good at kissing-her lips fitted smoothly to his, their tongues meeting, no awkwardness.

As though realizing she was enjoying it too much, Rose pulled back. "Steven, what did you mean ..."

"Shh." Steven quieted her with another kiss. He didn't know what she was asking and he didn't care. Some things could be destroyed with too any words.

He loosened her skirt and the petticoat beneath it, stripping off her mourning. Steven liked to think he was peeling back a cocoon, setting Rose free from the confinement of her grief.

Rose's black skirts dropped away, and Steven unhooked her bustle. Rose said nothing about him knowing how the fastenings worked, but she'd understood him from the beginning. She'd had no illusions about Steven.

With her confining clothes joining his on the bed, Rose was beautiful in nothing but the lower part of her combinations and her stockings. Stimulating as well. Steven's body urged him to take her now, or he'd make a fool of himself.

She looked best against the whitewashed wall. There, all her color came to life, the bloom in her cheeks, the gold of her falling hair. Steven unbuttoned and pushed down her combinations, helping her from them. Setting her free.

Rose na**d was a glorious sight, and Steven was on fire. Her soft hands went to his shoulders, she having no doubt about what they were going to do. She wasn't a trembling virgin-she was a woman who knew she liked the touch of a man, and wanted it now.

Steven undid his kilt's clasp and pin and unwound the plaid from his waist. The kilt landed on top of their clothes on the bed, as did the rest of his underwear.

Rose's gaze went to his cock, hard and tight for her, and her flush deepened. But she didn't look away. She wasn't afraid of this part of a man.

Steven couldn't stay from her long. He pushed her to the wall near the window, close enough to the chimney for its warmth. Warmer here than on the bed, well he knew.

His body told him to hurry, but Steven wanted to savor her. He might never have another chance.

Rose drew a sharp breath as Steven leaned and licked between her br**sts. Her hands went to his hair, caressing, drawing warmth. He kissed her skin once more then took one of her full br**sts in his mouth, curling his tongue around her nipple.

Another quick breath from Rose, this one lifting her further into his mouth. Steven suckled and nibbled her, memorizing her dusky taste, one he'd recall in lonely evenings to come.

There was more of her body to enjoy. Steven licked between her br**sts again, then kissed his way down to her abdomen. He sank to his knees as he went, touching a kiss to her firm belly. The tight lines of it told him Rose had never borne a child, which accounted for some of the sadness in her eyes. Her marriage should have given her that gift.

Steven teased her navel with his tongue, and Rose laughed. She didn't ask what he was doing, didn't try to push him away. She only ran a hand over his head and took another breath as he kissed the swirl of hair between her thighs.

Golden and beautiful. Rose made a faint noise in her throat as Steven leaned forward, nudged her thighs apart a little, and closed his mouth over her opening.

With my body, I thee worship. Steven had always liked the titillating words of the marriage ceremony. I worship you, Rose. I treasure you.

He slid his tongue into her, tasting her delights, wondering that he'd waited so long. He'd wanted to fall upon her the very night he'd ... well, fallen upon her. Or that morning, when he'd lain in this very room, unclothed, and she'd leaned over him to gather up his breakfast tray ...

As Steven rested his fingertips on her thighs and drank her in, he let himself imagine how that would have gone. The tray on the floor, the dishes smashing. Rose on his bed, clothes coming away. The covers pushed aside, she straddling him. Her head back, her br**sts moving softly in the rhythm of what they did.

Steven closed hands on her, his tongue doing what he'd wanted to that first morning. Rose made sounds of feminine pleasure, her fingers gripping his hair, but he didn't mind the pain. Steven flicked his tongue over the tight part of her, smiling as she started, her body meeting the wall with a quiet slap.

He couldn't wait any longer. Steven gave her one final lick, then he rose up the length of her, in contact with her all the way, his skin already slick with sweat in spite of the cold.

Rose started to laugh as Steven lifted her, giving him a look of surprise from her languid eyes that he wasn't carrying her to the bed. But Steven was in too much of a hurry for something so tame.

Her laughter changed to a gasp when Steven parted her legs and slid straight up into her.

***

Rose clutched at Steven as he pressed her open, filling her, finding spaces inside her she didn't know existed. He was hard and hot, and she was wet from what he'd done with his mouth and hands. No man had ever touched her as Steven had today-she hadn't even realized men and women did such things.

But his mouth on her had wiped away all rational thought, erasing propriety and the need for self-control. Rose had fallen against the wall, her legs parting for him, the fires he'd started when he'd drunk her incinerating her from the inside out.

Just when she thought she'd roll away on a wave of incoherence, Steven had risen, the look in his gray eyes intense, and had lifted her into his strong arms.

Her body welcomed him.

"Rosie," he said, a smile spreading over his face. "Ye feel as beautiful as you are."

His accent had deepened, anything civilized stripped away from him. This was raw and basic, nothing to do with civilization.

The world thought Rose a scandalous woman, and now here she was in the heart of scandal. And what a wonderful place it is, to be sure.

Rose laid her head back against the wall, amazed that she had this man around her, in her.

She'd never made love like this before. She'd thought they'd be on the bed, Steven on her, his weight warming her. Not this primal coupling, with him holding her, thrusting up into her. He was high inside her, making her ache and feel wonderful at the same time.

All Rose could say was his name. It came out of her mouth again and again, as the rain beat on the window and rushed across the sill. If someone could look in from the outside, Rose imagined they'd see a blur of bodies against the white of the wall and the red brick of the chimney. The rain would run the colors like together like a beautiful painting that had been tipped while still wet.

The plaster was hard and cool at her back, the warmth from the chimney touching her side. Steven's body in contrast was hot, living flesh, but every bit as hard as the wall behind her. She could see his that his tan ended out where his waistband would be, then started up again on his lower legs. That meant he ran about in his kilt and nothing else, or only the lower portion of his military uniform, perhaps with legs rolled up.

The thought of Steven wandering about in the sunshine, half-dressed, his golden hair burnished, flooded her with pure desire. Rose felt herself opening even more, embracing him, her body knowing what to do.

Steven responded. His eyes were heavy, a gleam of gray from between his lids. A beautiful man, his face softened, the lines of care smoothed from it. His shoulders worked as he loved her, sweat gleaming on his skin.

Rose touched his face, and Steven kissed her. The kiss was hot, opening her without the sweet touches of lips leading up to it. The flirtation was finished, and this was real.

Steven abruptly pulled away from her mouth. "No," he groaned, his brows drawing down.

His thrusts increased. Steven's fingers bit into her flesh, and at the same time, the wave that had dissipated slightly when he'd ceased drinking her, crashed over Rose again.

She heard her voice ringing, crying his name, and his answering words, low and fierce. "Rosie, you're beautiful, lass. Och, damn it."

He held her firmly against the wall, thrusting hard, his face set, while Rose moved with him, body rocking with her pleasure. Sweat beaded on Steven's skin, and trickled from hers, the cold in the room no longer having meaning.

Steven continued to thrust, but gentler now, slowing, his face easing from frustration to warm relaxation.

"I didn't stand a chance," he said breathlessly. "Didn't stand a chance against the completeness of you."

Rose didn't have the speech to ask what he meant. She understood somehow.

Steven kissed her, his mouth warm with what they'd done. He turned around with her as he did so, and lowered her onto the bed, sliding out of her.

Rose lay alone, suddenly cold without him. Instead of joining her at once, Steven paused a moment and gazed down at her. He took her in with a slow glance, the brush of it tingling, as though he touched her.

Steven then trailed his fingers down her body, tracing her ni**les, sliding his touch over her soft belly to the join of her legs.

Rose jerked when he touched her there, too sensitive. Steven smiled as though she'd done something pleasing, and slid himself onto the bed next to her. He lay on his side, propped up on his elbow, and moved his hand again to the join of her thighs.

One stroke there made Rose half-rise. "What are you doing?"

"Giving you pleasure, love. I was a bit hasty, but you had me too eager."

Hasty? It had been full, wondrous. Steven brushed two fingers over her opening, and Rose jumped again, realizing they weren't yet finished. "I never knew ..."

Steven chuckled, a warm sound. "There are many avenues of pleasure between men and women. Fortunately, I know most of them."

He knew this one, that was for certain. A few more strokes, and Rose was arching up, her thoughts scattering, as they had when he'd put his mouth to her. She knew she was behaving shamelessly, but she had no intention of stopping herself.

Steven caressed and rubbed her, then thrust a finger inside her. Rose's world narrowed to that feeling-his finger was nowhere near as thick as his hardness, but the small movement made her choke back a cry.

A second finger joined the first, and then a third. All the while, he brushed his thumb over the tightness of her, until Rose bucked against his hand, begging him-for what, she didn't know.

"Hush now, sweet Rose," she heard him say. "I'm only giving you what you gave me."

Rose's cries continued, incoherent, and she couldn't stifle them. Steven laughed again and covered her mouth with a kiss.

When the world went dark, nothing existing but Steven against her, and his hand pressed firmly to her, Rose ceased trying to stop herself. She let the pleasure wash over her, her joy at being here with Steven become her only thought.

Just when she knew she'd die of this feeling, Steven took away his hand, rolled her into the mattress among their jumble of clothes, and entered her again.

He thrust into her faster this time, pushing them both down into the bed, his kisses hard. They moved as one, body to body, solidly joined. Their breaths came quickly, gazes holding each other's, both too far gone now even for kisses.

Steven groaned as he lost his seed for the second time. He was holding Rose's hand, his fingers squeezing hers, his face relaxing with his release.

Rose touched his cheek, kissing his lips with her swollen ones, and marveled at what they'd done this day.

***

Steven lay beside Rose long into the afternoon, not leaving her even as the window darkened with the end of the short day. They'd nestled down under the covers, the blankets heavy with their clothes. Steven had pulled his plaid up over the quilts, adding another layer of warmth.

Rose slept for a while, Steven dozing with her. When she'd awakened, she'd smiled at him, a little shy, but betraying no shame. Steven had touched her, savoring her, before his needy c**k had him entering her one more time.

After that they both slept, then awoke and spoke in low voices. About nothing. About everything. Steven heard himself telling her stories about his childhood, how he'd run wild in Scotland with his sister, Ainsley, until their three older brothers dragged them home again. He spoke of the army, his friendships there, his adventures. Rose told him of her life in Edinburgh with her father, her sorrow when he died, her astonishment when a lofty duke asked her to be his wife.

They talked of dreams they had for now and later, and laughed about things they'd seen together. They had only a few memories, two days of them, but it gave them so much to talk about.

Steven could talk to her forever.

The coachman and his wife left them alone. The two downstairs had to know what the two upstairs were doing, and yet, they gave them their privacy. Miles and his wife must have recognized that Steven had come to take care of Rose, and they were letting him get on with it.

"Sittford House tomorrow," Steven said, kissing her shoulder. "I want your legacy in your hands-I don't trust Albert not to sell everything sellable before we can go through it."

"You're still determined to help me win against him?"

Steven noted the surprise and faint worry in her eyes. "Yes. Why wouldn't I?"

"Our bargain will soon be at an end," Rose said wistfully.

"Endings are sad." Steven brushed his fingertips along the softness of her br**sts. "I don't like them. Beginnings sometimes can be good. But the middle of the story is always the best part. I like middles."

Rose laughed. "I like the middle of this one."

"That's because all the villains are leaving us in peace." He pressed his palm against hers, their splayed fingers touching. "So are our friends. I'm enjoying it."

The look in Rose's eyes said she was enjoying it too. "We'll have to go back to the real world sooner or later."

"Later," Steven said. "Not right now. Right now is for ..." He released her hand and slid over her again. "Right now is for loving you. I'm going to do it for as long as I can."

"Good," Rose said with a smile.

That was all Steven needed. He was already aching for her again, a pain that eased only slightly as he eased himself inside her one more time.

***

The bloody settee was nowhere in the house.

Steven sat on a dusty couch in one of the attics-the be-damned mansion had five-and looked with disgust at the furniture crammed into it. Couches, divans, chairs, tables, bedsteads, most of it rickety and broken. Nowhere had they found an Egyptian-style settee in ebony and gold, decorated with sphinxlike heads.

Rose stood, dejected, near the dusty window. She'd resumed her black clothes, which hid every inch of her. All very proper, but Steven would never look at her the same way again.

He'd seen her beauty. It glowed from her even now until it filled all the spaces in this dingy attic, and all the spaces inside Steven.

"It's not here," Rose said. She made her way carefully through the mess to Steven and sank down next to him. "Albert must have sold it. How could he have known?"

Steven shrugged. "We'll find him and pound its whereabouts out of him."

Rose did not look hopeful. She leaned into Steven, an intimate move, one she did unselfconsciously.

Steven turned his head and kissed her cheek, which led to a kiss on the lips. That kiss lingered, brightening the gloom around them.

They'd arrived while Albert had been finishing his midmorning tea. The man, it seemed, rarely left the estate-he'd told his housekeeper he'd be in London the day Rose and Steven had first come searching, only so the servants wouldn't bother him.

The man was a fool, Steven thought in contempt. He obviously had no respect from his staff, or else he'd have told them he wasn't to be disturbed, and they'd have obeyed. Steven knew that if servants didn't like an employer, they could find plenty of little ways to irritate him without going so far as all-out rebellion. A man who had no control over his household was a sorry thing indeed.

Steven, brooking no argument from Albert, took Rose on a search of the house. Rose led Steven into every room on every floor, and they looked into every cabinet, cranny, closet, nook, and niche. They'd searched the cellars, rooms down there no one had opened for years. They'd even looked in Albert's private rooms when Albert had gone off with his steward to the home farm.

The home farm would be next. Steven wouldn't put it past Albert to try to hide a priceless antique in the garret of a leaky farmhouse.

The settee, however, was nowhere in sight. They did find the two Egyptian-style chairs depicted in the sketches from the cabinet, but that was all. Steven turned each chair upside down and stuck his hands under the upholstery but found no further clues inside them.

"You can always take one of these," Steven said, motioning to the chairs, which were right side up again. "They'd bring something at a sale."

"I know." Rose eyed them disconsolately. "But I want to know why Charles pointed me to the settee. Why he wanted me to have it, in particular."

Steven slid his arm around her and pulled her close. "No disrespect to your husband, Rose-he was a fine man-but I wish he'd written you a plain note that told you where he'd left you a cache of diamonds."

"Albert would have found that, wouldn't he?" Rose shook her head. "Charles had no illusions about his son."

"Which is why I don't understand why Charles didn't make your settlements and what you received in the will more clear. Why he didn't confound Albert before he began."

Rose sighed. "I don't know. Charles was fond of little jokes, but truth be told, they were jests child could see through. That's because he had a kind heart, did Charles. Not a mean bone in him."

Steven wondered if he could ever live up to the paragon Charles seemed to be. The man had been kind, yes-Steven had seen that in him, even on brief acquaintance-but Steven had also noted that Charles had not been advanced in intellect. Steven had often been praised for his quick wit and clever mind, but Rose valued softness of heart over cleverness.

Steven cupped her cheek as she looked up at him, and leaned down to kiss her again. He couldn't help himself.

Rose tasted of sunshine and summer days. He'd never be cold with her next to him.

Someone cleared a throat. "Begging your pardon, Your Grace."

Chapter Twelve

Rose started, but Steven took his time lifting away from her. Let the staff of this house know Steven was looking after her now.

The young footman John stood in the shadows near the door, uncertain whether to advance into the room. Rose struggled to her feet, and Steven, trained to be a gentleman even if he forgot most of the time, stood up beside her.

"It's all right, John," Rose said, giving him an encouraging look. "What is it? Is Albert setting his dogs on us? Not that it matters. I rather like dogs, and they like me."

John listened in perplexity, his handsome face drawn into a frown as he tried to work through this.

"Never mind," Steven said. "Tell us what you came to say."

John stood to attention. "Yes, sir. It's this, sir. Housekeeper said you'd want to know, Your Grace, that His Grace-the duke that's passed, I mean-had us shift a cartload of furniture out to the summerhouse in the months before he married you."

Rose's mouth popped open. "Did he? What on earth for?"

"I don't know, Your Grace." John truly must not know-he wouldn't know how to lie about this or why he should.

"I see." Rose looked thoughtful, and also a little sad, no doubt remembering her sunny wedding on a summer's day. Steven decided not to take it as an omen that since he'd met Rose, the weather had been confounded awful.

"Housekeeper forgot, Your Grace," John said apologetically. "We all did. But she remembered today when you were searching the house and couldn't find what you were looking for. Whatever that is."

They hadn't said specifically, Steven not trusting Albert not to lay his hands on it and trundle it away.

"Thank you, John," Rose said, looking a little more cheerful. "We'll have a look in the summerhouse."

John nodded and started patting his pockets. "Housekeeper said you'd want the key. Ah, here it is." He pulled it out in triumph, stepped to them, and handed the key, not to Rose, but to Steven.

"Good on you, lad," Steven said. "Give the housekeeper our thanks."

John beamed like a puppy who'd been praised. He bowed to Rose, mumbled a thanks, and scooted off.

"Curious," Rose said, her excitement returning. "Shall we adjourn to the summerhouse?"

Steven glanced through the high window, which showed nothing but rain and clouds. "The weather is wretched. Why don't you sit in a comfortable room with the housekeeper bringing you tea and cakes, and I'll tramp through the mud and search the summerhouse?"

"No, indeed." Rose leaned to him and closed her fingers around the key. "I'll not sit here, trembling and nervous, waiting for your return. I'm going with you, and that is that."

***

Rose regretted her eagerness a bit when they were halfway to the summerhouse, the wind biting them and bringing tears to her eyes. The summerhouse lay on the far end of the huge formal garden, right on the edge of the estate, a lengthy tramp along paths that had become overgrown and rough.

Rose, bundled up warmly, walked with Steven, arm in arm, their heads down into the wind. One of the dogs that had come back to the house with the steward and Albert-a black bird dog with a lolling tongue-followed them, and nothing could dissuade him from it.

Rose had never been to the summerhouse. According to Charles, they'd stopped using it years ago. It was an old thing, apparently, built at the beginning of the century, when every gentleman had to have a summerhouse or folly to simulate Roman or Greek ruins.

This summerhouse was reached by a narrow path beyond a gate at the end of the garden, and up a rather steep hill. The small building was round, imitating a rotunda, with pseudo Roman columns encircling it. It looked as though it had once been painted warm yellow, but years of wind, rain, fallen leaves, and English damp had rendered it a streaked gray, with the original stones showing through. A true ruin, instead of a false one.

Steven inserted the large key into the rusting lock of the summerhouse's door. He had to put all his strength into turning it, grunting with the effort. Just as Rose feared the key itself would break, the lock screeched, the tumblers moving.

"No one's oiled this lately, that's for certain," Steven said.

He pulled at the door-which nearly fell on top of him. The hinges were weak, rust flaking from them as they pulled partway out of the wall.

Steven started to laugh. "I see I needn't have bothered wrestling with the lock. Careful, Rosie."

He propped the door open, took Rose's arm and steered her inside. The dog, who'd sat down patiently while Steven had fought the lock, pushed past Rose, his head up, nose working.

The interior of the summerhouse was dank and dim. The rotunda floor had once been paved with fine marble, but now the blocks were chipped and loose. Light came from windows high above to show them dirt and bird droppings, niches containing now-empty pedestals, and a jumble of furniture, covered with overlapping sheets, in the middle of the floor.

The dog sniffed around this pile curiously, then sat down and wagged his tail as Steven reached for the sheets.

"Hold your breath," Steven advised.

Rose backed away, grabbing the dog by its scruff and dragging him with her.

Steven started pulling the old sheets away. He gathered them into his arms, trying to mitigate the cloud of dust that rose from them, but he lost the battle. Rose sneezed, pressing her finger under her nose. The dog sneezed as well, throwing droplets of moisture through the air. His entire body rippled as he drew another breath and sneezed again.

The dust settled over Steven, coating his black coat a light gray. He ruffled his hair, sending up another cloud of dust, and tossed the sheets aside.

The furniture beneath didn't look like much. Odds and ends, much of it broken.

Rose started to express disappointment, then she wiped her streaming eyes and pointed. "What's that?"

Steven waded among the chairs with no seats, the canted table with a broken leg, and lifted a shell of a bookcase out of his way.

Buried beneath the jetsam of mahogany and walnut was a hint of black and a gleam of gold. Steven started throwing aside the broken furniture, which shattered to the floor like so much firewood.

"This is it," he said, then he stopped. "Dear God, what a mess."

Rose hurried to him. The dog, caught up in the excitement, dove under the wrecked furniture, emerging with a large stick that once belonged to a spindle-backed chair. The dog presented it to Rose, wagging his tail faster.

Rose absently took the stick and tossed it for the dog to chase. "It's ruined," she said dispiritedly.

Steven pushed more furniture aside, revealing what once had been a finely crafted, if ugly, settee. "No wonder it was brought out here with the discards."

Rose had seen the piece before her marriage to Charles, when he'd brought her to the house to show her where she'd live. The settee had rested in an unused parlor high in the house, given pride of place under wide window and flanked by tall, ebony and gilt candelabras.

After the wedding, Rose had been caught up in preparations for her new life and then Charles's death. She'd never noticed the settee had gone from the house, hadn't much thought about it until now.

It had been placed out here for mice to nest in, it seemed, and for the wood to be split and ruined by damp. Only the inlay had survived, though it was covered in dirt and muck. Steven scraped at the patterns with his gloved fingers to reveal more gold.

"Someone painted over that," Steven said. "What a bizarre thing to do."

"Maybe hiding its worth?" Rose suggested. "Not that sitting out here for a year and a half hasn't destroyed it. Why would Charles do such a thing? Or did the servants lug it away by mistake?"

Steven stepped back to survey the room and the settee's position in it. "No, this was set here on purpose, buried under a pile of useless junk. Charles hid it, love."

"But why would he?" Rose took the stick from the dog, who'd brought it back to her. He sat down and looked at Rose expectantly, so she tossed it for him again. "And why would he draw the rose on the back of the sketch? Not to mention hiding the sketches in the cabinet?"

"He was saving them for you," Steven suggested. "He must have changed his will at the same time, to add you to it and leave you the furniture."

"But he didn't know he was going to die so soon," Rose said. "How could he?"

Steven came to stand next to her, his warmth cutting the chill. "Maybe he did, love. Doctors might not have told him his heart would give out, but maybe he knew, deep down inside. Perhaps he didn't expect it to happen as quickly as it did, but he must have known he'd have to leave you to Albert's mercy."

Tears stung her eyes. "Why didn't he tell me?"

Steven slid his arm around her, pulling her close. "A man doesn't like to confess weakness to a lady, especially not one he loves. Trust me on this."

"Poor Charles," Rose said. Her heart ached for him.

She knew now, after these few days with Steven, that while she'd loved Charles, she'd loved him in a different way than she did Steven. Charles had been kindness, comfort, caring. Steven was passion, excitement, offering her a world behind her narrow confines. Steven was a man who felt deeply, never mind that he covered it up with joking, self-deprecation, and drink.

Steven held Rose close, letting her rest her head on his shoulder. He had such strength, such warmth, a pillar more solid than the columns of this summerhouse for her to lean on. Charles was like this ruined place-Rose's past. Steven was whole and new-Rose's life now. And her future? She couldn't know.

Steven kissed Rose gently on the lips and wiped a tear from her face. "Whatever reason he stashed it out here, Charles wanted you to have this," Steven said. "Let's shift it, and get back to our cozy hotel."

***

Rose helped Steven push the old furniture aside to release the settee. Its once bright seat cushion was a tattered mess, stuffing from nearly a hundred years ago hanging out of it in gray threads. Even the mice had abandoned it.

The dog tried to help, digging at the loose marble tiles around it. Finally Rose and Steven had cleared a path that allowed them to drag the settee to the door and out to the summerhouse's porch.

Rain was falling steadily, coming on gusts of wind that spattered heavy droplets across the steps. Steven shoved the settee to the leeward side of the porch and dusted off his hands.

"I'll go back to the house and tell Albert he is going to lend us transport," he said. He looked out between the trees to the windswept garden beyond. "You can wait here, out of the rain, at least, though it's bloody cold."

"I'm resilient," Rose said. "And I have a dog."

Steven went to Rose and took her hands. It was never cold where he was-when Rose had woken this morning wrapped around him, she'd never been so happy.

"You are the most courageous woman I've ever had the fortune to know," Steven said. "Thank you, Rose."

She stared up at him. "For what?"

"For teaching me what courage means." Steven leaned to her, his breath brushing her lips before he kissed her.

The kiss held all the heat of their loving night, and the light of new day.

Rose pulled Steven close, savoring him. If she had nothing else, she'd remember this, the two of them private in the cold, and the intimacy of waking up next to him in his bed. These were memories she'd hold to her for the rest of her life.

Steven flashed her a grin as he straightened up. "I'll run all the way." He kissed the tip of her nose. "And then we'll feast on hot tea and whiskey."

His smile could change her world. Rose clung to his hands another moment, then she gave a little laugh and let him go.

Rose watched Steven dodge his way through the trees, his head down against the wind. He truly did run, moving so fast his wind-whipped greatcoat and kilt exposed his strong thighs.

Rose kept her gaze on him until the trees obscured him, then she shivered and moved back into the relative shelter of the summerhouse. The dog whined after Steven, but turned and entered the summerhouse with Rose.

Rose stood in the middle of the rotunda, looking over the wreck of the furniture, the dog warm against her legs. "If I had a match, I could built us a nice roaring fire," she said, patting the dog's side. He waged his tail and gazed up at her, his vitality coming through her gloved hands.

"Then I'd have the constables on you." Albert's voice floating in before his body blocked the open doorway. "When your paramour comes back for you, you go and stay out of my sight. I never want to see you here again, or I will have you arrested for trespass."

Chapter Thirteen

Albert glared at her, the dim light sparkling on his blue eyes. He glared at the dog as well, who shrank into Rose's side.

"I hadn't intended to return after this," Rose said, keeping her voice even. "I will take what Charles wished me to have, and go."

Albert didn't move. "It's criminal you should have anything at all."

Rose frowned at him. "It's what your father wanted. You can dance around with your solicitors trying to tie up my settlements, but this was written out very plainly."

"I intend to prove my father wasn't in a sound mind when he wrote it. Won't be hard to prove. He had to be mad to marry a woman less than half his age."

"There was absolutely nothing wrong with Charles's mind," Rose said indignantly. "He was one of the kindest men I've ever known."

"Kind was he?" Albert balled his fists as he stepped inside. He hadn't donned a hat, or else it been torn off in the wind, and his thin, graying hair was a mess. "He wasn't kind to me, was he? His own son-his only son!"

"You shunned him," Rose said, lifting her chin. "When I met Charles, he was very lonely. In all the time I was betrothed to him, and then married to him, you never once called on him, or tried to meet with him, or wrote him any letters except having to do with business."

"How do you know? Did you read his correspondence?"

"Of course not. He told me-very sad that you couldn't bother to even have a conversation with him."

"You know nothing!" Albert shouted, the words ringing to the high ceiling. "You stupid tart! My father never had time for me-ever. Not when I was a boy, not when I left school, not when I became a man. He never cared that I made my own living without taking a penny from him, and a good living. No, he only cared about this sodding house and the bloody title and the family name. He didn't care about me at all!"

Rose bit back her next retort, sensing she was wading into murky waters. Charles had always spoken of Albert sadly, as someone estranged from him. A gap between us, my dear Rose, he'd said. More like a chasm. I thought perhaps we didn't see eye to eye because of our ages, but you are younger than he, and you and I rub along very well, don't we?

"I'm sorry," Rose said to Albert. "It's clear you two had much friction, and I'm very sorry about that. You needn't worry about seeing me anymore. I'll take what he left me and go."

Albert wasn't listening. He took another step toward her. "My father was wrapped up in my mother. The sun and moon rose and set on her. I thought, I hoped, after she was gone, that he'd turn to me. Embrace me. At least talk to me. But no. You came along and put paid to that, didn't you? He saw you, and again he forgot I existed. You played him, you little whore. You wrapped him around your finger, and he couldn't see anything but you. Stupid bugger-at his age, what could he really poke? But you stroked his vanity and turned him from me, and I was cut out again." Another step, the rage boiling from him. "Then you killed him. He tried to be young again for you, and it killed him. And so, I'm making sure you don't get one penny of Southdown money. Not cash, not a trust, not a house, not a room in a house. You'll get your two pieces of bloody furniture, but only if it's scrap wood."

He took two more strides inside, then started beating the pile of furniture with his walking stick. Pound, pound, pound!

Rose skipped well back, the dog hiding behind her, whining. Chairs broke, tables fell, the wood rotted, the cloth and rush seats exploding in dust.

Albert beat it all, his face red, arms straining. Rose saw with alarm that he'd started to smile-a gruesome smile-as though breaking up the furniture his father had put out here released something feral inside him.

Rose started to edge around him. Wind and rain notwithstanding, she wanted to be hurrying up the path after Steven, not shivering while Albert rained destruction inside the summerhouse.

Albert saw her. He snarled at her and rushed her, shaking his walking stick.

Rose yelped and scrambled back. The dog, cringing no more, braced himself in front of Rose and started to bark at Albert.

Albert seemed to come to himself a little. He lowered the stick but swung around and scuttled for the door.

"You can wait in here for you lover," he snapped. "I never want to see you again."

The idea sat well with Rose. Albert could be left alone with his bitterness and rage, and that would be fine with her.

Albert turned around and glared at her again, his face blotchy, eyes protruding. Then he stepped onto the summerhouse's porch, wrestled a moment with the big door, and managed to shove it closed.

The summerhouse shook with the impact, raising dust. Rose started sneezing again, the dog echoing her.

She put her hand over her nose and mouth and headed for the door, stopping in dismay when she heard the key screech in the lock.

No matter, Rose thought in irritation. The hinges were flimsy enough. She'd wait until Albert was gone, then pry the door loose from the wall.

The next moment, she heard a scraping, heavy sound of the ebony settee being dragged along the porch and thumped in front of the door.

"Albert!" Rose yelled. She pounded on the door's flaking panels. "Let me out at once!"

More pounding, as Albert presumably took his stick to the settee as he'd done to the other furniture. Then came more dragging-this time it sounded as though Albert piled large tree limbs, easy to find in this neglected woods, on top of the settee to block her in. Rose pushed at the door. The hinges gave a little, enough to let in light, but she couldn't shove the door far enough to slip out.

"Albert!" she shouted.

She heard another drag, thump, and rattle of a heavy branch. The light between the slit in the door was muted.

"Damn and blast you, Albert!"

She heard his tread as he stomped away, then silence but for the wind and rain. Rose balled her fists and beat on the door again. The dog pawed at it, then looked up at her, worried.

"Oh, it doesn't matter." Rose pressed her hands flat on the door, then reached down and gave the dog a reassuring pat. "Steven will be back in a few minutes. Won't he?"

The dog wagged his tail, but looked perplexed, as though wondering why on earth Rose wasn't letting them out of there.

Rose gazed around at the wreck of the summerhouse and the ruined furniture in sadness. Charles must have sent the extra furniture out here to disguise the settee, but still, these things had been part of the house, part of its history. Albert apparently hated that history.

It was also sad that Charles and Albert had never had a chance to settle their differences. Albert blamed Rose, but Rose could feel no remorse or guilt for that. Either man could have tried to talk to the other, regardless of Rose's presence. She'd certainly done nothing to keep Charles from Albert-she'd barely known Albert. Charles could have made overtures to his son, but it was also clear that Albert was a spoiled brat, even at his age.

These thoughts went through Rose's head distractedly as she let out an irritated breath. She was cold, rain pounded down on the roof, and who knew how long it would be before Steven and Albert's staff could trundle a wagon down here?

The dog left Rose's side to circle the room, his head down. He might smell rats or birds-the dog would have been trained to fetch grouse or other game from fields after a shoot.

She watched him abstractedly until he started pawing at the wall opposite the door. More than pawing. He let out a bark and scrabbled at the paneling with his paws.

Rose went to him, curiosity spilling through her anger. "What have you found, lad?"

The dog looked up at her, tail moving, pleased with himself. He pawed again at the paneling, and it started to come away.

Instead of a stone wall behind it, Rose saw emptiness, and felt a wash of air. "A secret passage?" she asked, bending down to peer inside. "I adore secret passages." Sittford House had several, which Charles had delighted in showing Rose. They'd led between bedrooms-which had set them to laughing at Charles's naughty ancestors.

"Shall we be sensible and wait for Steven?" Rose asked the dog. "Or see what's in there?"

The dog sniffed the opening, looked up at Rose again, then shook himself and plunged inside.

That settled that. Rose moved the panel aside, propping it against the wall, then she ducked into the opening, and hurried after the dog.

***

"Rose!"

Steven shouted for her as he jogged up the path to the summerhouse, moving far faster than the wagon creaking along behind him. The wind was biting, icy. The rain would turn to snow before the evening was out, he'd wager. The sooner Steven got Rose back to London, the better.

"Rosie?"

The summerhouse was now in deep shadow from the waning afternoon. The builders had raised it on a fairly high foundation in order to accommodate a set of stone stairs that ran all the way around it.

Woods seemed to have grown up onto the porch since Steven had gone-thick, dead branches blocked the door, reaching halfway up the wall above it.

"Rose!" Steven bellowed.

His shouts turned to swear words as he ran up onto the porch. Someone had dragged huge branches across the door, blocking the way in-or out. Through the limbs he could see the ebony and gold settee, the gilding he'd rubbed clean shining in the dim light.

"Dear God." Steven pulled away the branches, tearing his gloves and bloodying his hands. "Rose!"

No answer. No cries of help from Rose trapped inside, no barks of the dog he'd left with her. Bloody useless animal.

The wagon stopped behind him at the edge of the trees. The driver, one of the farmers, climbed slowly from his perch, the boy he'd recruited to help, holding the horses.

Steven yelled to them. "Help me shift this lot!"

The farmer came panting up, stared in amazement at the dead branches covering a piece of broken furniture, then joined Steven in pulling the things away.

Steven's heart hammered, and his stomach roiled. Who the hell had shut Rose in here? He thought he knew the answer, and his rage flared.

"I'll kill him," he snarled. "I don't care if he is a bloody duke. Rosie!"

No answer. Steven shoved the remains of the settee out of the way and reached for the door handle. Locked again, damn it.

Instead of fumbling for the key, Steven simply yanked the door from its hinges. It fell, but he shoved it aside and ran in, calling Rose's name.

The place was empty. Rose wasn't here. Steven's relief was closely followed by another terrifying question-then where the hell was she?

He ran out. "Rose!" The woods were growing darker, the rain falling hard. "Rosie! Damn it. Answer me!"

"Guv," the wagon driver who'd follow him inside, called out to him. "Come and see this."

Steven charged back into the summerhouse. The driver stood looking at something on the wall, hidden by the broken pile of furniture, which seemed to have become even more broken. A black square about four feet high and three feet wide opened on the back wall, a panel of peeling yellow paint leaning next to it.

The question was not whether Rose had gone into that opening. It was how far had she gone, and what had happened to her once inside?

"I need lanterns," Steven snapped. "Fetch them. Now!"

The driver didn't bother explaining that he didn't work for Steven. He obeyed without question.

Steven was kneeling in front of the opening, peering into the darkness when both driver and his son ran up, each carrying a lantern. Steven snatched one from the boy's hands. "Stay here in case she turns up," he told the boy then looked at the driver. "You, come with me."

"I should go, sir," the boy said, taking his father's lantern. "I'm smaller."

Steven had no wish to drag a young lad into danger, whatever that might be. The father, though, nodded. "He can wriggle into tight places like a worm," he said proudly. "He's your man."

Steven still didn't like taking a child into that hole, but he had to conceded that the driver did not look much capable of crawling about in the dark.

"You stay behind me," Steven said to the boy. "And don't lose sight of me."

"Yes, sir," the lad said.

Without further word, Steven ducked into the darkness.

Chapter Fourteen

Steven had to stoop in the low tunnel, but he kept on. He called Rose's name every few feet, echoed by the boy's "Your Grace?" but silence was their only answer.

At every step, Steven dreaded to come across Rose, lying incoherent, ill, or worse. His entire being filled with panic. He knew the only way he'd relieve it was to find Rose, take her in his arms, and hear her whisper, "Hush, Steven, I'm all right."

He'd plunged into the game of being Rose's betrothed, at first to let Laura Ellis release herself from him, as well as for the fun of it. At least, that's what he'd told himself. Steven knew now that he'd followed his instincts to latch on to Rose and not let her go.

She'd steadied him with gentle hands the night he'd fallen drunkenly into her, and Steven wanted her to steady him the rest of his life. He needed her. No-it went beyond need.

He loved her.

Steven had been telling her the past few days, in a light tone, that he considered them engaged in truth, and that they'd marry soon. Rose had laughed with him as though she thought him joking.

It was no joke. Steven spoke that way because he didn't know how to be serious. Feared it.

When he found Rose, he would put her over his shoulder and run out of here with her. Then he'd shake a special license out of someone and marry her. Tonight.

She was the only woman he'd consider continuing his existence with.

"Rosie!" he yelled, his words echoing hollowly. "Answer me, damn it."

"What's that?" the boy behind him asked.

Steven halted. The boy darted around him, disobeying, as boys did, and pointed ahead of them. Steven flashed his lantern and saw nothing, but then the boy shielded the light and pointed again.

Steven saw it then, a dim outline of something square. A door?

"Behind me," Steven said sternly as the boy started forward. The lad sighed and let Steven take the lead again.

The outline grew sharper as they neared it, and the air coming to them turned colder and less dank.

Steven could move swiftly even bent double, having had to run and stay within cover on many occasions in his career. He made it to the dim light to find it was indeed a door, or at least a set of boards nailed together to simulate one.

Steven shoved it open to nearly trip on stone steps on the other side. He hurried up these, finding at the top, in the mud, the precise pointed-toe print of one of Rose's high-heeled boots.

But where had she gone after that? "Rose!" he shouted.

Barking answered him, faint and far away. Logically Steven knew it could be any dog, not necessarily the one from the Southdown estate, but he turned his steps toward the sound without pausing to think.

He shouted again, continuing his path toward the answering bark. Steven pushed through bramble and undergrowth beneath tall trees, the branches tearing at his coat. The boy surged on ahead, unafraid now, but it struck Steven that the lad wasn't worried because he knew exactly where they were.

"What's over there?" Steven asked him. His heart was in his throat as he waited for the answer. An old well? A pit? A cliff?

"Come on, sir," the boy said, running nimbly through the trees. Steven hurried to catch up with him.

The woods opened out into a large clearing so suddenly that Steven staggered to a halt. He dropped his lantern which had already extinguished in the wind, his hand now too numb to hold it.

What was in the clearing had caused him to drop it. First he saw Rose. Second, he saw what Rose stood before-a house.

Not a house. A fairy castle. That was the only explanation. They'd run through the tunnel and emerged in cloud-cuckoo land, where miniature sugar-spun palaces dotted the landscape.

The house was small but done in such exacting detail it was as though someone had built a mansion and then shrunk it. It was two stories, the ground floor filled with many-paned windows, columns, and pediments over the windows and the double front door. The second floor was covered with a mansard roof, with scalloped gray-slate tiles. Dormer windows with curved peaks broke out from the roofline. Half of the cottage was covered with vines with dark green leaves, which would bloom a riot of colors in the late spring and summer. Roses.

The columns on either side of the door had been carved with the same kind of vines, except these were covered with carved and painted roses-red, pink, yellow, and white. The roses met in the plaster molding above the door, twining together into a heart.

A garden had been planted around it, barren now for winter, but the bushes were full and would be fuller in the growing season. It was neat and sculpted, again as though someone had taken the gardens of Versailles and given them a good rinsing until they were small enough to fit here.

Rose stood in the middle of this garden, wind buffeting her coat and hatless hair, staring at the door and its rose motif. She might have been caught in a spell, frozen here to stare at this house for eternity, or until her lover kissed her and woke her.

"Rose!" Steven called.

Rose turned around and saw him. So did the dog. Steven realized that with the wind rushing and roaring in the trees as it was, she'd not been able to hear his cries. She waved to him as the black dog loped to him, then Rose went back to studying the house.

"Isn't this-" she began. Then "Oop!" as Steven barreled into her and dragged her off her feet. He spun around with her once, then set her back down and began kissing her.

Rose was all that was warmth and spice. Her mouth was a point of heat in the cold, her face sweetly smooth, flushed from the wind. Her body fit nicely into Steven's arms. After her first start, she flowed against him, holding him as he held her.

She was alive, and whole, and well. Steven hugged her harder, pressing her to him, kissing her again and again. Rose laughed, and he kissed her smile, taking the whole of her into himself.

He was vaguely aware of the boy, who'd reached the house, patiently waiting with the dog until they finished the uninteresting bit.

Rose tried to push away from Steven, but he held her fast. "Rosie," he breathed. "I thought I'd lost you."

"I was waiting for you," she said. Magical words in this magical place.

But what place was it? "Where are we?" Steven asked the lad.

"We call it the cottage," the boy said, studying it. "Been here forever, my dad says. A lover's nest from two hundred years ago. My dad says."

The architecture put it in the very early Georgian period. Palladian, Steven thought it was called, when classic architecture was revived and Capability Brown had been sought to plan gardens.

The place wasn't a ruin. The garden was neatly trimmed, the house painted, the roof tight.

"No one seems to be home," Rose said. "I knocked, but had no answer. I didn't like to simply go in."

The boy shrugged. "No one lives here. There's always a door open in the back."

He led them around the side, Rose and Steven hand in hand, the dog trotting beside them.

The back was no less a palace than the front, but a short wing stuck out from it like an afterthought. A double Dutch door, with the bottom half opening independently of the upper, as might be found in any of the older cottages around here, opened as the boy raised the latch.

Rose and Steven stepped into a neat kitchen with a flagstone floor, and Rose let out a breath of relief. It was warm here, with a fire in the hearth, and tea things set out on the table. Stranger and stranger.

"I thought you said no one lived here," Rose said to the boy.

The lad shook his head. "They don't. But there's caretakers." He opened the door that led to the main house.

Whoever the caretakers were, they had kept the place very nicely. The architecture might be old, but the furniture was new, chair and sofas strewn with cushions and looking comfortable. The fireplace was stoked, andirons polished, and soft carpets covered the floor. The rose motif continued in the moldings at the top of the walls, in the medallions on the ceiling and above the fireplace, in the patterns on the carpets, and on the embroidered cushions.

The room beyond the sitting room one was a dining room, likewise tidy, and a stair at the far end of that presumably went up to bedrooms above.

"Lucky woman," Rose said, returning to the sitting room and looking around in wonder.

"What woman?" Steven, now out of the wind, his panic dissipated, started to grow angry. "Why the devil did you run off like that, lass? And who shut you in the summerhouse? It was Albert, wasn't it? I'm going to kill him-slowly."

"I didn't fancy staying in there," Rose said. "The dog found the secret passage, and when I got to the other end and saw the roof of this house through the trees, I admit to curiosity."

"Bloody hell, Rose."

Steven caught her hand between his, he still needing to reassure himself that she was all right.

"I meant that the woman this house was built for was lucky." Rose glanced around the sitting room again. "Whoever commissioned it for her must have loved her very much."

Steven slid his arm around her. "I wonder if she was called Rose," he said. "This place suits you."

Rose met his gaze, showing no remorse that she'd led him on a merry chase. Perhaps she didn't realize how much the bottom had dropped from Steven's world when he'd found her gone.

"I like it very much," Rose said, giving him the little smile that turned over his heart. "Who does it belong to, I wonder?"

"It belongs to you, Your Grace."

Rose tried to spring apart from Steven at the woman's voice, but Steven wasn't letting her go. Not again.

The woman who'd entered looked like any other in these parts, plump and a bit worn by time, dressed in a plain gown with an apron, her graying hair in a neat bun. She looked like any housekeeper or cook in a country home.

"I beg your pardon?" Rose asked her, flushing.

"We've been waiting for you a long time, dear," she said. "I mean, Your Grace. We've been keeping the place, just like he asked. Thought you'd never arrive."

Maybe Steven had stepped into a fairy tale, like the ones he read to Sinclair's children on occasion. Eight-year-old Andrew liked the gory and gruesome ones the best.

Rose stared at the woman, as nonplussed as Steven. "Arrive? From where? Who asked you to keep it?"

"The duke, of course. The one who's passed on, I mean. Young Lord Charles, as my mum knew him when he was a boy, and she his nanny."

"Oh, I see. Then you are Mrs......"

"Winters, dear. I married Mr. Winters, who was steward before our son took over. Our son tried to tell us matters were bad for you, but we thought that after the will was sorted you'd come. You didn't, not until now, but we kept on being paid to keep the place, and we saw no reason not to. Lord Charles was always a kind man."

"Yes, he was ... but......"

Steven broke in. "What Rose-Her Grace-means is that there was no mention of this house in the will."

Rose laughed a little. "If there had been, I'm certain the new duke would have heard of it."

"And come to turn the Winterses out and raze the place," Steven finished darkly.

Mrs. Winters opened her hands. "I only know the instructions we received in a letter after Lord Charles had passed. We was to keep the house for you, but when you take possession, you can do with it as you please. Now, I've got tea almost ready. Would you like me to bring it in here for you? Or will you take it in the kitchen, where it's a mite warmer?"

Chapter Fifteen

It had been a day of strange marvels. When Rose and Steven finally found themselves alone in the train heading back to London, the broken settee safely stowed in the baggage car, Steven sank down into the cushioned seat beside her and burst out laughing.

"Good Lord." Steven had stripped off his gloves, ruined beyond redemption, at the cottage, and now he held Rose's soft hand between his bare ones. "We went to look for a settee and came up with a house."

"It's very odd," Rose said, even as she warmed at his touch. "How did Charles suppose I'd find the place? The Winterses had been waiting for me for a year and a half, she said."

"Maybe Charles wrote you a letter and hid it in the Bullock cabinet," Steven said, caressing the backs of her fingers. "Or the deeds to the property-which if it is entailed with the main house, Albert gets anyway."

"But nothing was in the cabinet, except the drawings of other furniture," Rose said, frowning. "And if anything was inside the cushion of the settee, mice will have eaten it. There was certainly nothing left of that cushion by the time we got it onto the train."

"True." Steven deflated slightly, but then shrugged. "We'll find it, Rosie. I promise you. Now, there's something I decided to do when I thought I'd lost you, and I need to think on it a bit."

So saying, he leaned back on the seat and closed his eyes.

He opened them again when Rose leaned over him and kissed him. She'd been cold all day, until he'd come to her and held her, and now she wanted to imbibe all of Steven's warmth.

Steven's strong hands closed on her wrists, and he pushed her back a little, his gray eyes steady. Before Rose could be surprised that he was rejecting her advances, he gently eased her down to her seat, rose, and pulled down all the shades to their compartment.

Rose's breath caught as Steven returned to her, his eyes dark in the half light and full of promise. Her heart beat even faster as Steven resumed his seat and lifted her onto his lap. Then he proceeded to show her that what he'd had in mind for the journey went beyond more than a few simple kisses.

***

Rose and Steven entered the parlor of Steven's hotel suite upon their arrival in London, and Rose halted in surprise. She'd supposed Steven had led her there, instead of parting for her to go to her own room, because he'd wanted to continue the seduction he'd begun on the train. Rose still wasn't certain her bodice was buttoned right, in spite of his reassurance, and she was sure her bustle had gone back on crookedly. She reflected that Steven was a proving master at what a man and a woman could do together in tight spaces.

She stopped on the threshold now, flushing, because the parlor was full of people.

One was Mr. Collins, his flame-red hair mussed from the continued inclement weather. Near him stood Lord Ian Mackenzie and his wife, Beth, and Steven's brother Sinclair. A woman with the same blond hair as Steven's greeted them with a wide smile, and another Mackenzie, a bit older than Ian, towered behind her.

"Thank you all for coming," Steven said, in no way surprised, confound the man. He led Rose inside, out of the way of the porters arriving with the broken settee. "Ainsley, Cam, this is Rose. Rose, my sister Ainsley and her husband, Cameron Mackenzie."

Ainsley, the blond woman with eyes the same shade as Steven's and Sinclair's, came forward. "How do you do, Your Grace? I hope you don't mind-Beth has already told me all about you." She winked at Rose and took her hands. "Don't be cryptic, Steven. Why did you summon us?"

And when had he? Rose realized now why Steven had been such a long time in the cloakroom at the train station-he must have slipped to the office to wire his friends.

Ian Mackenzie was staring at the settee which now rested in the center of the carpet. As well he might-it was a mess. Albert had finished wrecking what the weather and animals already had done.

"Redecorating, are you?" Sinclair asked in a dry voice.

"Let the man speak," Cameron said in a voice that filled the room. "We'll never have the answer if we keep interrupting."

"I brought you here to make it official," Steven said. He took Rose's hands in his scratched ones, which he'd battered in effort to rescue her. "My sweetest Rose," he said in a quiet voice. "Will you marry me?"

Rose's stared at him. She could have sworn he'd just asked her to marry him, but the world was tilting, and she wasn't quite sure. "Wha-?"

Steven's hands anchored her, and she clung to them, the floor still unsteady. His eyes, clear and gray as the stormy November skies, held no teasing, no joking, only sincerity, and hope.

"Steven," she whispered.

"You'll have to be plain with me, Rosie," Steven said, his grip tightening. "Is that a yes or a no?"

"Steven," was all Rose could say. If she let go of him, she'd fall. If she held on to him, she was still in danger of falling, because hope and happiness were bearing down on her, threatening to sweep her away.

Beth Mackenzie broke in through the silence. "I believe that is a yes, Steven. I can tell by the way she'd looking at you."

"Is it?" Steven asked Rose.

Rose's throat closed up, and tears flooded her eyes. She nodded, unable to speak.

Steven let out a long breath of relief. "Thank God." He pulled Rose into his embrace, his own body shaking. "Thank you, God."

He leaned to Rose, wiping away one of her tears with his thumb, then he kissed her lips.

The warmth of his mouth snapped Rose back to her senses again. This was real, not simply a sweet dream she'd wake from all too soon. Steven McBride, the warm, passionate, wonderful man, had asked her to marry him, and Rose had nodded in answer. She'd had to nod because the joy of the moment had closed up her throat and choked off her wild Yes!

She broke the kiss and smiled down at him. "Yes," she whispered.

Steven laughed. His laughter was always real, deep, and warm. He kissed her again, and the room spun around Rose as she kissed him back, the people in it dissolving into a colorful blur.

"It's wrong." Ian Mackenzie's voice was as harsh as Cameron's but a little more stilted, as though he had to force words out.

Rose turned from Steven to look at him. Ian was staring, not at Steven and Rose, but at the settee.

"Of course, it's wrong," Beth said next to him. "Someone's smashed it."

Rose wiped her eyes and managed a laugh. "I agree, it's a bit of a wreck now. I am hopeful a furniture maker can put it back together, but I imagine its value is lost."

Ian glanced at Rose as though she'd gone utterly mad and hadn't understood a word he'd said. He moved to the settee and went down on one knee in front of it, lifting the broken bits of wood to fit them together again.

The others watched him a moment, then moved their attention back to Steven and Rose, as though finding nothing unusual in Ian's behavior.

Steven put his arm around Rose as his friends and family surged forward to congratulate them. Ainsley and Beth kissed Rose, both excitedly talking about wedding clothes and where and when the deed should be done. Sinclair McBride took Rose's hand once the ladies finally let her go, and kissed her cheek.

"Thank you, Rose," he said. "My unruly little brother needs someone to keep him tame. God knows the rest of us have never been able to."

"I didn't fall in love with her because she keeps me tame," Steven said, giving Rose a look that reminded her off the naughty things they'd done in the train. "The opposite. She brings out the wickedness in me."

"Lord, help us all," Sinclair said, but the bleakness in his eyes fled a moment before his warm smile.

"You must let us take you shopping," Ainsley said. "We'll bring Isabella along-she's dressed all of us, and she'll have to dress you too. Your wedding gown will be the stuff of legends."

Steven slid his arm protectively around Rose's waist. "Enough of that. I didn't bring you all here to help plan the wedding. I brought you because I want to marry her right away, and you are the best to help me procure a special license."

Lord Cameron nodded sagely. "Wondered why you wanted the drama. I'll see to it. McBride?" he nodded at Sinclair and Mr. Collins, as though proposing they rush away and hunt up a bishop on the moment.

"Could you exercise a few seconds of patience, Cam?" Ainsley said to her husband. "I'd like to at least toast the happy couple. I'll ring for champagne. Or did you telegraph for that as well, Steven?"

Ian Mackenzie continued to piece the settee back together. He'd torn off the tatters of the cushion but pushed the legs and arms back into place, fitting broken bits into place as he would a puzzle. The settee looked forlorn without its padding, the wood scratched and splintered, but somehow it wasn't as ugly as it had been. The ebony was strong, and the pure gold glistened in the lamplight.

Beth went to Ian, as though to tell him to leave off, but Rose broke from Steven and joined them.

"I think I see what he means," she said, her interest rising.

Ian didn't stop working. He fitted the last large piece against another, the settee held up by its own tension. Ian ran his large hand along one side, then moved around it and touched the other side. He sighted down the length of the seat and gently touched one of the gilded heads that adorned the corners.

Steven came to examine the thing with Ian, Steven half-bent with his hands on his thighs. "What are you looking at?"

Ian glanced at him, then realized that everyone was staring at him. His cheekbones flushed, but he fixed his gaze on the settee again.

"This." Ian pointed at the head he'd touched, then touched a second, walked to the other end and touched a third. He paused-if he'd been anyone else, Rose would have thought he'd hesitated for effect-then he touched the fourth head, and they all saw.

It was different from the others, but only minutely. While the other three had eyes that stared rather unnervingly outward, this sphinx's eyes looked down slightly and to the left. Also, the feminine face was rounder than the others, more human-like, while the remaining three were rigid and fixed.

Ian closed his hand over the carved head and started to turn it. Rose leaned in, holding her breath, while Ian kept turning. All at once, the head came away, and with it a part of the post. It had been seamed so neatly that the crack was invisible when the head was attached. Even the damage the settee had suffered hadn't destroyed its secret.

Ian peered inside the opening, then he slid in his fingers gently inside and pulled out a rolled sheaf of papers. He handed them to Steven without a word.

Steven unrolled the pages, Rose leaning to look. When she saw Charles's handwriting, her heart skipped a beat. Steven studied the top sheet a moment, then quietly passed it to Rose. "For you," he said softly.

Rose took it, her breath quickening, and read.

My dearest Rose,

If you are holding this paper, I have gone from the world. I have made my peace with it, and my only regret is leaving you alone to face what you must. I have tried to provide the best I could for you, but I unfortunately know that a great lot of money, especially when it is tied to land and a lofty title, brings out the worst in people. My family has had a long history of fighting each other for the smallest scrap, and I fear this will happen again with my son. To that end, I have fixed upon with a way to provide for you independently, and hopefully make you smile in the process. I stumbled across the lovely cottage, which its owner charmingly called "Rose Cottage," but he had no idea what to do with. It had been in his family for ages, and he, a city man through and through, was a bit embarrassed by it. It was free and clear of any entail, and I offered to purchase it from him, with the sole purpose of giving it to you. The deed to the property is enclosed here, and you are to use the house or do with it whatever you see fit. A copy of this deed has been filed with a solicitor of my choosing in case there is any doubt. I know that any will I make that names you will be contested, for which I apologize, my Rose. But as you know how much I love my little games, I made one for you that you'd easily solve. I knew you admired the Bullock cabinet, which is worth much, and we made such a joke about the Egyptian settee that I knew you'd find that too. Rose Cottage is yours, as is everything in it. As a private purchase it has nothing to do with my estate, and so I can bestow it on whomever I wish.

I have always loved you, my Rose. I can only hope that you find as much happiness in your life as you brought to me at the end of mine.

I remain, ever your devoted,

Charles

The last words blurred. Steven gently tugged the paper from her fingers and pressed his lips to her wet cheek.

"I'm sorry, love," he whispered. "For losing so much."

Rose swallowed on her tight throat. "Much of it found again," she said softly.

The property deed, which made up the rest of the papers, was quite detailed, and long. Mr. Collins reached around Steven and plucked it out of his hands.

"It seems in order," he said after he'd skimmed through. "But I'll go over it carefully back at my offices. The minister who can say that the parish record listing Her Grace as previously married was forged has arrived as well, so that mess will be cleared up at once."

"Good," Steven said. "Then there will be nothing to prevent Rose from marrying me this evening."

"Only the rain slowing us up," Cameron rumbled. "Come on, Collins, McBride. Let's find a license and put Steven out of his misery."

"Oh, for heaven's sake," Ainsley said. She hurried to the door as a footman came through it bearing a tray of glasses, followed by the hotel's croupier with champagne. "Let us at least wish them well. I don't think Rose is about to change her mind."

"No, indeed," Rose said. She held Steven's hand again, borrowing his strength, blessing him for righting her world.

"To the happy couple," Ainsley said after they'd all received full glasses.

"Aye," Steven agreed quietly. He clinked his glass to Rose's. "Thank you, Rosie."

"My pleasure." Rose sipped her champagne, but the enormity of the change in her life swept upon her all at once, and her knees buckled.

Steven caught her in alarm. "You all right?"

"Yes." Rose hastily set down her glass and contented herself with holding on to Steven instead. "I beg your pardon-it's rather overwhelming. I've been a long time alone, you see. Never had much family."

"That's all right, love," Steven said. He gestured expansively to the others in the room. "Welcome to mine."

Suddenly, Rose's shaking evaporated. She saw her life before her, not narrow and barren, lined with people who condemned her, but one full of promise, in the company of those who held together against the world.

Steven's kiss on her lips held more promise still, of a slightly more sinful kind. Rose pulled him close, and surrendered.

Epilogue

Steven lay beside Rose in the comfortable bed of their hotel suite the next afternoon, having made her Mrs. Captain Steven McBride a few hours ago.

He'd agreed to delay at Ainsley's insistence, she backed by his four sisters-in-law, that poor Rose should at least have a decent dress to be married in. Steven gave in to the barrage of ladies, to his brothers' and brothers-in-law's amusement.

Somehow the women had managed to come up with a gown for Rose to wear when she and Steven wed at the bishop's house the next morning. They'd chosen a light blue, which brought out the flush in Rose's cheeks, the gold of her hair, and the aquamarine flecks in her green eyes. The fine cloth of the gown hugged her body perfectly, and Steven didn't waste time wondering how they'd cobbled together something so quickly. She was beautiful, and that was all that mattered.

Rose repeated her vows without hesitation, though Steven couldn't remember what the devil had come out of his own mouth. But soon the ring, which he'd borrowed from Ainsley until he could buy another, was on Rose's finger. She was pronounced by the bishop-witnessed by his family and solicitor-to be Steven's wife.

The journalists loved it, of course. This time, when Steven found them all waiting outside the hotel upon their return, he stopped and asked for their congratulations. Steven, with Rose smiling next to him, revealed that he'd fallen so hard for his perfect Scottish Rose that he'd begged her to marry him, and she'd done him the honor of accepting.

They were instantly surrounded by a sea of men and women in black, all bellowing questions, such as What about the comte? Has he threatened to kill himself? Or Captain McBride? But most of them looked happy, as though pleased to be able to report good news for a change.

They were equally happy to have the rest of the scandalous Mackenzies walk into the hotel past them-Ian, Cam, Mac, and Hart ignoring the journalists as they always did. Steven had no doubt the men and women of the press were busily making up things about the Mackenzie brothers and their wives, as they so enjoyed doing. All in all, a full day for London's scribblers.

The hotel gave Steven another, larger suite, and the family helped Steven and Rose move into it.

Steven had the devil of a time getting them all to go after that. His leave lasted only until after Christmas, and he wanted every second with Rose.

But food and drink flowed, the Mackenzies and McBrides pleased to welcome the newest addition to their family. At last, after several hours of buoyant celebration, Sinclair and Cameron, perceptive men that they were, ushered the others out.

Now the pretty blue gown was in a puddle on the bedchamber's floor, and Rose dozed next to Steven, her skin warm under his fingertips.

As though she felt his gaze, Rose opened her eyes, their green depths drawing him in.

She gave him a languid smile. "There's something decadent about lying in bed together during the afternoon."

"I like decadence," Steven said, brushing the hair back from her face. "I always have."

"Good," Rose said decidedly. "If the newspapers are going to write about me, I want the fun of having done what they say I've done."

Steven grinned down at her. "That's my Rose." He gave her a thorough kiss, one that had him hard and ready again.

"Speaking of decadence," Rose said. "What shall I do with my cottage?"

Steven shrugged. "It's yours. Collins has proved that. The trust means I can't touch it. So you decide."

"It's very pretty," Rose said. "I wouldn't like to rush to sell it, but I don't see the pair of us settling down in it anytime soon." She caressed the back of his neck. "You promised to show me the world."

"The world is what an army wife sees, every facet of it, the beautiful and the ugly. If you're willing to see it with me."

The sparkle in Rose's eyes was eager. "I am. I don't want to be left behind when you go."

"And you won't be." Steven kissed the tip of her nose. "I won't lie, Rosie. It's a hard life. You now have the little jewel box to settle down in-a peaceful life with people to look after you."

"I don't want that," Rose said quickly. "Not alone. I'd rather have hardship with you than ease without you."

Steven's heart was full. He'd make sure Rose was comfortable wherever she was with him, even if he had to bully his commanding officers to make it happen.

"We could let it," Rose said. "The cottage I mean. To other couples. Have Mr. and Mrs. Winters stay on as caretakers, since they've done so well, if they're willing. It could be a summer hideaway, or a bed and breakfast. Something of that sort."

"Whatever you like," Steven said. "Give you a nice little income. Collins can sort that out."

"He's very useful, is Mr. Collins," Rose said. "I'm grateful to him."

"He likes you." Steven pulled her hand to him and kissed her palm. "I like you," he added softly. Steven released her and rolled partway onto her. "I think you can tell."

Rose flushed as pink as her name as his stiffness pressed her thigh. "My dear Captain McBride," she said, her eyes shining. "I do believe you're about to do something scandalous."

"I hope so, Mrs. McBride." Steven moved himself gently on top of her, looking down into her beautiful eyes-angel's eyes-as he slid into her. "I hope so."

His teasing dissolved in a rush of desire, and Rose's smile faded. They came together in a thrust of passion, Steven clasping her wrists and pushing them down into the bed on either side of her.

Only one thought stood out in all the madness-in everything that had happened to him in the past few days.

"I love you, Rosie," he said, his words a groan.

His angel smiled up at him, her body meeting his in perfect harmony. "I love you too, Steven. Always."

"Damn right," Steven said, and then words fled, no longer needed.

