Chapter One

Sex on the Beach is overrated. I don't mean the carnal act, although I've heard the same thing about that, sand in the wrong places and everything, but I'm talking about the drink. With so many other drinks out there, why does everyone order it? It's the name of course. If you want to create a popular drink, put "sex" in the name. Bottom line: sex sells.

"A Sex on the Beach. Wait, make that two."

I glanced up at my latest customer. He ran a hand through his short brown hair. Wearing a pink polo shirt with the collar popped, he was trying to pull off thirty, but my guess was he was nearing forty. Without looking, I knew he was wearing flip-flops with his khakis. Guys like him always did. They left their suits at home, and tried to act younger and cooler than they were. They usually spent their time hitting on younger girls, who were looking for rich older guys to break the monotony of college boys. I'd dated my share of those boys and understood the boredom, but these losers weren't any better.

"Sure." I turned my back to him, pulling down the glasses and going through the motions that were all too familiar. When I first took the job bartending at Surfside Bar and Grille in Corolla, North Carolina, I thought it would be a good summer escape. It was almost Labor Day, and I wasn't going anywhere. The Outer Banks served my purposes just fine. What was the point of picking up and leaving?

"Here you go." I set the two pinkish-orange drinks down in front of the suit and waited for him to slip me a credit card. My guess was an American Express.

He slid me a Visa. I'd lost my touch.

"One's for you." He grinned at me, as though he was telling me I'd won some great prize.

"Uh, thanks, but I don't drink on the job."

"Come on, don't you like sex on the beach?" He raised an eyebrow.

I knew exactly how to handle him. "I think your friend misses you. You better bring over her drink." I nodded toward a blonde-bottle not natural-who was currently shooting me daggers.

He didn't bother to turn around. "I'd rather talk to you a little longer."

I leaned back against the far counter. "I'd rather you didn't."

He grinned like a Cheshire cat-all white teeth. "I like the attitude. It's sexy."

"And you're wasting your time." I wiped down the counter, biding my time before another customer came over to the outdoor tiki bar, or the guy got bored and found blondie.

"Have you worked here long? I don't remember you from last summer." He tried to pull me into conversation again.

"I wasn't here last summer." I didn't bother to turn around. That would just encourage him.

"Where do you go to school?"

"I don't." It had only been about three months since college graduation. He didn't need to know that.

"Oh. You kind of look like a college girl."

"What, her ass looks smart?" A low voice called from behind me.

I smiled. There was no need to turn around to know who had uttered the words. I'd been listening to that same snarky attitude since before I could walk.

Suit wasn't too happy with the interruption. "Excuse me? Was I talking to you?"

"I don't think so, but I happen to have a close personal relationship with that ass, so I'd like to know why you think it's smart."

I let a laugh escape and turned around. "Hey, Macon."

He took a stool right in front of me. "Hey, this piece of work bothering you?"

I poured Macon his usual Thursday night drink, a Long Island Iced Tea. "Nah, he was just leaving."

"Are you two involved?" Suit still hadn't gotten lost. I guess I could give him points for determination-although those points would get him nowhere with me.

"We live together, don't we, honey?" Macon winked.

"We do."

"Oh. I see." Suit finally got up.

"Do you see?" Macon spun around on his stool. "The other guy she lives with is in the kitchen."

"Other guy?" Suit's eyes widened.

Thankfully I got another customer and didn't have to listen to any more of the conversation. Macon was sweet at heart, but he tended to take things a step too far. He liked being the center of attention, and he didn't always care whether I felt the same way. By the time I served another Sex on the Beach and two Rum Runners, suit was hanging all over the blonde.

I leaned on my elbows in front of Macon. "Was that really necessary?"

"What? I was just telling him the truth."

"The truth? We're roommates, Macon, not some live-in threesome."

He laughed so hard he coughed on his drink. "Live-in threesome? Yeah, if you want that, we're switching Brody for a girl."

"Oh, come on, baby. You think I want to share you?"

He set down his glass. "One of these days you'll discover what you've been missing."

"I will? When?"

"Soon. Real soon."

"Thanks for the specifics. I wouldn't want to miss it." It's not like Macon wasn't good looking. Not at all. There were few girls that could resist the charming smile that belonged to my brown hair, blue-eyed roommate. I was one of them. My ability to joke about sex with Macon was a new thing. We kind of broke the ice on it when we drunkenly kissed one night at a party my sophomore year of college. It didn't take long to realize neither of us wanted that to happen again. We did, however, like to joke about the possibility. I don't know why, we just did.

He finished off his drink. "You're laughing now."

"And I'll keep laughing."

"We'll see about that. When you get cold this winter, I know what bed you'll be running to." He crumpled up a cocktail napkin.

"I just made a mental note to buy extra blankets in case you shut off the heat."

"Would I ever do something like that?"

"Yes." He wouldn't. He'd be more likely to turn up the heat so I wouldn't get cold.

"Three Shark Baits and two Shirley Temples." Mary rested her tray on the bar. Of the waitresses at the grill, Mary was my favorite. Sweet and funny as hell, she made the busy summer nights move faster. We hung out every once in a while, but she spent most of her time with her young daughter.

I busied myself making the drinks. The Shark Bait was one of our signature tropical selections. Overpriced, and pretty much only pineapple juice and peach schnapps, customers usually cared more about the plastic shark attached to the cup than the actual drink.

Right on schedule, Brody took a seat at the bar. He always timed his break with the beginning of the first set on Thursday nights.

"You smell like fish." Macon wrinkled his nose.

I filled Mary's tray, but she lingered. I got the sense she was into one of my roommates, but I couldn't tell which. My bet was on Brody. She'd told me she had a thing for tall guys. Macon wasn't a small guy, but he looked tiny next to Brody's six-foot-three frame. Brody claimed his mom made boys big and that his older brothers were actually bigger. I wasn't sure if I believed him.

"Really?" Brody looked down at his black Surfside Grille t-shirt and then over at Macon. "It almost seems like I've been cooking fish all night."

I laughed, and Brody winked. "Give me my usual, Maddy." He took it in stride, but I knew how much he hated his job.

"Like you have to ask." I placed his Coke down in front of him. He couldn't drink at work, but really the only time he drank alcohol was late at night once in a blue moon.

He opened his straw. "Thanks. So do you have your drink picked out for tonight?"

I nodded. "Yes. It's the right one. I can feel it."

Mary smiled. "Ohhh, it's Thursday night, isn't it?"

"Yeah, this week went fast." I picked up some empty beer bottles someone left on the other end of the bar.

"What do you think of all this?" Macon treated Mary to his full attention. "Do you think Maddy's ever going to give up on this loser?"

"No. She's dedicated. When a girl's dedicated, she never gives up on a guy." She twirled a piece of her reddish-blonde hair around her finger.

"I get that, but there's an easy solution." He turned back toward me. "You know that right, Maddy?"

"An easy solution?"

"Tell the guy you want to go home with him. If he says yes, you're in. If he says no, you had no chance to begin with." Macon laughed, letting me know he knew there wasn't a chance in the world I'd do it.

"Thanks." Used to the ribbing by Macon, I didn't let it get to me.

"Fantastic advice." Brody shot me a sympathetic glance. "What's the drink tonight?"

"An Algonquin. I'm convinced he's a whiskey guy." I left out my narrative on the history of the drink, those usually didn't go over well.

"Oh yeah? Should we plan the wedding? He likes whiskey, so he's got to be a catch."

"Shut up, Macon."

"No, it's too much fun."

"Good luck, Maddy." Mary smiled before heading off to deliver her drinks.

"Oh, look. The man of the hour has arrived." Macon laughed again. He seemed to do that a lot at my expense. If he wasn't my best friend, he'd have never gotten away with it. Our history made it different somehow. Besides, I usually managed to throw it back at him.

My heart sped up slightly as I caught sight of the musician that had me drooling every Thursday night. My fascination with him went beyond his athletic build and piercing brown eyes, although those traits didn't hurt. What really got me was his music. He sang the most haunting songs. They found their way under my skin in a way that music usually couldn't. "I think he got hotter."

"It must be that white t-shirt. It's so over the top." Brody grinned. His teasing never went as far as Macon's, but he definitely did his share.

"I like that shirt on him." I liked everything on Lyle Waverly. In all honesty, I'd been dreaming about him wearing nothing quite often. Although in those dreams, his guitar usually blocked my view of his lower region.

Macon grinned. "Oh damn, she's imaginary f**king him again."

"I am not." I swatted at Macon. "I'm admiring the view."

"Really? That expression on your face says otherwise."

"Shut up." I rolled my eyes.

"Brody, man. Is it healthy that we're supporting this perverse hobby of hers?"

"What makes it perverse?" I crossed my arms over my black t-shirt. Unlike Brody's, the logo on mine was small and on one side of my chest. "I'm just trying to find the perfect drink for him."

"Because you're convinced it's the ticket to getting a guy to like you. That's not normal."

I let my hands fall to my sides. "Who defines normal?" He was wrong. I didn't think it would make him like me, but it would help me understand him.

"Oh no. No getting all philosophical on us. We're here to support you. Don't put us through it."

"Support me?" I ran a hand through my just-past-shoulder-length dark brown hair. "My mistake. I thought you guys were here to mock me and get free drinks."

"Who's getting free drinks?" Max, my boss, picked that moment to join us. I'm sure it wasn't random. He usually kept a close eye on the outside bar when I worked it alone. I think he worried about male customers bothering me.

"No one. Maddy would never do that." Brody took a long sip of his Coke.

Max put a hand on the bar next to me. "I'd complain, but Brody works here and Macon brings in enough business with his dates."

I gave Macon a patronizing smile. "See, I knew your man slut ways would serve a purpose one day."

"Man slut? Is that really how you see me?" Macon feigned hurt.

"Yeah, but what do I know? I'm the one with the perverse hobby."

"Perverse hobby?" Max gripped the edge of the bar. "I told you that living with two men was a bad idea."

I smiled at my protective boss. "It's nothing like you're thinking."

"Oh." He noticed what had my attention. Lyle was leaning against the railing, watching the sound. "You still pining over that musician?"

"Yes." I sighed. "Pathetic, huh?"

"Not pathetic, but unnecessary."

"Oh? Are you offering your services, Max?" Macon smirked.

"Me? Of course not." Max turned pink. "She's young enough to be my daughter. I'm talking about that real estate kid who is always hanging out when she works."

I knew who he meant immediately. "Kid? Colin is at least twenty-five."

"That's a kid." Max always pretended to be really old, but he only looked like he was in his fifties. "But what's wrong with him?"

"Nothing's wrong with him," I mumbled. "I have a date with him tomorrow."

"What?" Brody slammed his glass on the bar.

"He came by earlier and asked me out again. I decided, why not?" I tried to make it sound nonchalant, but I understood their surprise. I'd been turning the guy down all summer. I'm not sure what changed my mind. Maybe knowing I wasn't leaving made it worth the effort of going out on a date. It had been a while since I'd been on one. Colin had caught my attention the first time he walked in, but my mind was already preoccupied.

Max patted my shoulder. "Good for you, but if he treats you anything less than as a lady, you let me know."

I smiled. "All right. I will."

"Who says Maddy's a lady?" Macon was ready for the attack, and he ducked before my hand could make contact with his face.

Max shook his head and walked off. He was used to our banter.

"Where's he taking you?" Macon's voice rose slightly, the only hint he might be moving from jokester to protective friend. He could pretend all he wanted, but he cared about me.

I made him a second Long Island and set it in front of him. "Picnic on the beach."

Macon sipped his drink. "So he wants you in a secluded spot so he can seduce you. Are you sure you want to go?"

Brody shook his head. "No. If that was his goal, he'd have offered to make dinner at home. Picnic on the beach means he's trying to impress her. He wants to show his romantic side."

I opened a bottle of water. "I like Brody's version better."

Macon snorted. "Of course you do. You're a girl."

"Weren't you the one accusing me of imaginary f**king earlier?" I took a long sip of water. Even at eight o'clock at night it was still hot out.

"Yes, but that doesn't change the fact that you want romance. You want a guy to sweep you off your feet, and you'll believe anything to get it." He made a broad sweeping motion with his hands.

"No, I just want Lyle to say more than three words to me."

Brody leaned forward on his elbows. "That's your problem. Your expectations are entirely too high."

"Yeah, ridiculously high." I set down a chilled glass and grabbed the Johnnie Walker Red Label. I measured out the liquor precisely, even though I could eye it better than most. I liked to pretend I was putting my chemistry major to good use when I made drinks. It made the four years I spent in college seem worth it. If you really think about it, making drinks is all about using the right ingredients with the right properties together.

I finished and took a deep breath before turning back toward my roommates. "Wish me luck."

Brody gestured for me to lean in. "May the Force be with you."

"Your Star Wars nerdiness might be one of my favorite things about you."

"It takes one to know one."

"Have I ever denied it?"

Macon leaned over. "No, but you hide it really well. You lure guys in with those short dresses and skirts, but little do they know they're dating a total geek."

"Geeks can be attractive. There's nothing exclusive about one or the other. Besides, I think I officially lost my geek status now." I picked up the drink and walked over to where Lyle was plugging in and tuning his guitar. He played one of those acoustics with a pickup.

"You're still a geek!" Macon called after me. "No amount of paper can change that."

I smiled. I let Macon think he got to me more than he actually did.

I stopped a few feet away from Lyle, but he still hadn't acknowledged my approach. I wasn't sure if it was the noise from the customers, or because he didn't care to talk to me until he had to. "Hey."

"Oh, hey." He glanced up and ran a hand through his brown hair that was kind of long and screamed "surfer boy." Although the surfer and musician look overlapped sometimes.

"Here's your drink." I'd given up asking him if he had a preference weeks before. He told me to surprise him, so I did. The only problem is he almost always took just one sip. I was usually good at picking the right drink for people, but evidently the skill wasn't working on Lyle.

"Thanks." He nodded and smiled slightly. He didn't have a toothy smile; it was more of a closed-lip thing, but it still did something to me.

"You're welcome." I waited a minute to make sure he wasn't going to say anything else before heading back to the bar.

Brody spun around on his stool as soon as I got back behind the bar. "Did you at least get four words?"

"Nope. 'Oh. Hey.' And 'thanks.'"

Macon swirled the ice in his glass. "That jerk. He could have at least said thank you instead."

"Maybe next time."

"Or you could take my advice."

I sighed. "Let's enjoy the music."

Brody rested his elbow on the bar. "You're the only one who thinks he's that good."

"Come on. His lyrics are incredible."

Brody glanced at his watch. "He's got a good voice, but I don't get why you are so into his songs."

I shrugged. "You guys don't get it."

Macon rolled his eyes in that annoying way of his. "Of course we don't. We are far too lowly to understand the message behind his music."

Any chance to reply disappeared when Lyle took the microphone. "Hey, everyone. I'm Lyle Waverly and here are a few of my messed-up tunes."

After a long intro, his low gravelly voice broke in. I closed my eyes focusing on the lyrics.

Loving the loneliness...loving the empty space. We can all take off our masks now, life's about the escape.

"Excuse me? Miss?" I opened my eyes and groaned.

Macon and Brody laughed as I tried to rein in my annoyance at getting interrupted.

"Can I get a Heineken and a Sex on the Beach?"

"Seriously?" I said with more of an attitude than I meant to. That's how you know you work in a tourist trap. I mean, non-beachside bars couldn't possibly sell so many of these things.

"Is that a problem? Do you not have Heineken?"

"We have Heineken." I turned around, grabbed the beer, and made yet another Sex on the Beach. I tried to concentrate on the music while I worked, but the guy ordering the drinks was busy talking to my roommates.

"Here you go." I set down the drinks after adding the orange and maraschino cherry. As pointless as it sometimes seems, garnish has its place. Presentation has more value than you'd think. "Do you want me to open a tab?"

"Oh, no thanks." He put down a twenty. "Keep the change."

I leaned against the back counter again right as Lyle finished the song. Darn it. It had been a new one, and I hoped he'd play it again. I was in need of a new song to dissect.

Brody used the break for applause to lay it on me. "Lucky Max didn't see the way you treated that guy."

"Come on. He deserved it."

"Oh? Is there a sign that says don't bug the moody bartender while she's listening to her dream boyfriend sing?"

I crossed my arms, determined to enjoy the rest of the set.

Lyle started singing again, and thankfully this time no one interrupted.

"Oh my god, Maddy, you missed it." Macon downed his water. I'd cut him off after two drinks since he was driving home.

"What?"

Macon leaned forward, his face stopping only a few inches from mine. "He took three sips."

"Really?" He rarely took two sips-and three? It was a new record. I looked at Brody. He usually gave everything away.

He nodded.

"Hmm, I guess he does like whiskey."

Yeah, I was pathetic.

Chapter Two

I peeked out the window again. Colin struck me as the kind of guy who was on time or early, but he was already twenty minutes late. After asking me out a half-dozen times, I was beyond surprised that he might have been standing me up. I may have initially rejected him, but that didn't mean I wanted him rejecting me, and despite the nerves, I was looking forward to seeing him without a bar between us.

Some people would say accepting a date with one guy while obsessing over another was a mistake, but I'd spent the whole summer waiting for Lyle to show me even the smallest amount of interest. It was time to give up. Instead, I focused on Colin's smile and his deep Southern drawl. His voice was warm and sexy. I sighed, dropping the blind back into place.

"Chill out, Maddy. He's late. You didn't even want to go out with him." Macon shared his never-ending support while he made a sandwich in the kitchen. Our condo, which was really Macon's condo, was an open floor plan with three bedrooms. His parents bought it as an investment property, so he was living in it and charging Brody and me rent. My parents and Macon's were close, and that was probably the only reason they didn't try to get me committed when I told them I was going to live with two guys. I liked my living situation. It was cheaper than if I got my own place, and the best part was I could ride my bike (as in bicycle) to work. I didn't have a car, and I didn't plan on getting one anytime soon.

I tossed my purse down on the end table and sat on the couch. "He could have at least called and given me an excuse."

"You prefer for a guy to lie to you?"

"It's better than sitting around waiting." I crossed my arms.

"Either he shows up or he doesn't. Moping around isn't going to help. Want a sandwich?"

"Thanks, but no thanks."

A knock on the door stopped us from continuing the conversation. I got up, but Macon beat me to the door. "Hello. Can I help you?"

"I'm here for Maddy."

"She was expecting you at noon."

I groaned. Macon could be such an ass sometimes.

I pushed Macon out of the way. "Hey."

"Maddy." Colin looked distraught. "I'm so sorry. I got caught up with work and my damn phone didn't get service out at the project I was checking up on."

"Oh, that's okay. We can reschedule if you want."

His face fell. "Why? Do you want to? Do you have somewhere you need to be soon?"

"No, but if you're busy with work..."

"Oh no. That's fine now. I've been looking forward to this all day."

"All right, then let's go." I turned around again. Macon was back to his sandwich. "Bye."

He piled on something resembling ham. I'd learned not to eat anything in the fridge I didn't buy myself. Brody was protective of his food, and Macon's wasn't safe. "Have fun. Don't do anything I wouldn't do."

"Is there anything you wouldn't do?"

He grinned. "A few things."

I half-smiled. "See ya later."

Colin led the way down the two flights of stairs. He stopped in front of a BMW convertible and opened the passenger door for me. Either he had a lot of money, or he wanted people to think so. I wasn't sure which it was.

I slipped in, tugging down my skirt to protect my legs from the scorching leather seat. "Thanks."

"Of course. Thanks for agreeing to go out with me." He closed my door and went around to the driver's side.

I smiled. There was no reason to remind him of how many times I'd turned him down before. It's not like I wasn't attracted to him from the beginning-it would have been impossible not to be. Tall, around six foot, with jet-black hair, he was striking. He was definitely my type.

"I thought we'd head down to the beach. I know a great spot there that's perfect for a picnic."

"Do you take all of your dates there?" I wondered what was so special about the spot he wanted to take me. We were on the Outer Banks, so the beach was everywhere.

"No. I've never had a picnic date before."

"I have, but not on the beach." Mine had been in a park at night during high school. The picnic was great and all until I discovered my date had packed condoms in the picnic basket. That date didn't last long. Neither did our relationship.

"Oh." There was a definite note of disappointment in his voice. "Did you enjoy it?"

"Not particularly." No reason to share the details. "I have a feeling this one will be much more enjoyable."

"Good." He downshifted as we headed farther from town. The wind cooled down the seat, and a few minutes in, I let myself relax. It was only a date. Just because the guy was older and someone I barely knew didn't make it any different than other dates.

Who was I kidding? Of course it did. The only guys I'd dated before had been friends first. I had no idea how to handle the "getting to know you" part of dating.

We didn't talk much on the drive. He kept glancing over at me with this grin on his face. I enjoyed the wind in my hair. If I did buy a car, I wanted a convertible. Of course that was what I wanted, but with my finances, I'd end up with a secondhand compact.

"You okay?" He pulled into a spot.

"Yeah. Definitely."

"Okay. Just checking." He pulled a woven picnic basket out of the backseat.

"Wow, you went all out."

"I'll be honest. I picked it up. But it's better this way. Trust me."

"Then I'm sure it's going to be good."

We walked down the beach until we found the spot he'd been alluding to. He unfolded a large blue and red blanket, and we spread it out on the sand.

I sat down with my legs stretched out, waiting for Colin to join me. He placed the basket on his far side, kneeled, and pulled out a bottle of pinot grigio and two glasses.

"Wine?" He'd never struck me as the wine type.

He smiled. "Despite the time, this is a date."

"Oh really?" I smoothed out my skirt, wishing I'd worn shorts instead. I hadn't thought about the awkwardness of sitting on a blanket in a skirt. I'd been thinking more about being cute. That was pretty surprising for me. Usually, I put practicality first.

"Yes. I've waited quite a while for this date." He moved to sitting.

"Have you?" I wondered where he planned to go with the conversation. We both knew how many times he'd asked.

"Yeah, since the first night I saw you at the Grille." He opened the wine and poured us each a glass.

"Wow, I guess I made a good first impression."

"I liked how much time you spent measuring out everything. You were very meticulous. It's like you view bartending as a science."

I shrugged, ignoring the fact that he must have been watching me that night. He'd only ordered a beer. "It kind of is."

He handed me my glass. "I guess you're right, but most people don't see it that way."

"I guess not."

He lightly clinked his glass against mine. "To you finally giving this a shot."

I smiled, willing the awkwardness away.

He leaned back on one hand, looking so comfortable with the situation. I wondered how I appeared. "Have you decided whether you're staying around after Labor Day?"

"Yes." I sipped the cool white wine.

"And?"

"I'm staying." I set aside the wine and leaned back on my elbows. The sun beat down on my face, and I loved it.

"Really? For good?" He watched me eagerly.

"Well, for the winter at least."

He leaned over slightly. "That's fantastic."

"Yeah, it's the best thing for me right now."

"I have to agree." He grinned. "But I guess I don't need to use my speech anymore."

"Your speech?"

"Yeah." He sipped his wine. "My 'you should stay' speech."

"Oh, this I have to hear." I couldn't help but feel flattered, even though I knew it was all him pretending to care more than he actually did.

"You still want to hear it?"

"Yes."

"All right, here goes." He shifted toward me slightly. "I know you only came here for the summer, but Corolla in the off-season is a totally different place. I think you'll enjoy the quiet, peaceful lifestyle. If Max can't give you enough shifts, I know we're always looking for temps in the office. I'd really like the chance to get to know you better, I already can tell we have a connection, and I want to explore it."

"I like that last point." Something about those words sent shivers down my body. I liked the thought of exploring anything with him. Maybe it was the way he looked at me with such adoration, or the way he leaned over on his elbow, but he looked irresistible.

"Yeah? I hoped you would."

"So how do you plan on further exploring our connection?"

"Hmm, I don't know if I should let you in on all my secrets yet."

Things suddenly felt too hot and heavy. "But offering me a job might be a little over the top."

"Yeah? I was afraid I'd overdo it. Believe it or not, this was my first 'please stay' speech."

"Really? I'd have thought you'd have to use them on girls all the time."

He laughed. "No, they usually run away before I have time to come up with one."

"I guess I wasn't fast enough."

"Or maybe I was."

"Are you trying to sound creepy?"

"No. I was going for seductive. It didn't come across that way?"

"Nope."

"Okay. Note to self: Next time leave off the 'I was fast enough' part."

I laughed. "So, what all did you get?"

He set aside his wine and started pulling out containers. "I wasn't sure what you liked, so I got a variety."

"A variety? It looks like enough food to feed four."

"Better to be prepared." He opened a round container. "This is some sort of pasta salad."

"Looks good. And is that fruit?" Fruit sounded better than anything in this heat.

"Yes, there are some chocolate-covered strawberries for dessert too."

"You're perfect, you know that?" I reached over him and found the strawberries. "But I'm not saving them for dessert." I wanted them, and I knew he wouldn't care.

He laughed. "I don't know about perfect, but I'm glad I've made you happy."

I took a bite of one of the chocolate-covered strawberries. "Mmm. Very happy." The milk chocolate melted in my mouth and mixed in with the juice from the strawberry, creating one of my all-time favorite flavor combinations.

He laughed again, and it was deeper this time. "You are even more entertaining than I expected."

"Entertaining?"

"Yeah, you have this light about you. It pulls you in."

"How old are you?" He didn't look much older than my twenty-two, but he seemed it sometimes.

"Twenty-six."

"That's what I thought." One year off wasn't a bad estimate.

"You're twenty-two, right?"

"How'd you guess?"

"It wasn't really a guess." He turned slightly red. "I asked around about you and found out you'd just graduated from UVA."

"Yeah, that's me. Using my degree so well."

"What's your degree in?" He unwrapped a sandwich.

"Chemistry."

"Chemistry? Does that explain the science of bartending?"

I laughed. "Maybe a little."

"What do you plan to do with it? Graduate school?"

"The original plan was med school." My stomach churned when I said those two words.

"Original plan? What changed?" He watched me as though he cared about the answer.

"I got rejected everywhere I applied."

His eyes widened slightly. "I'm sorry to hear that. I've heard the process is hard. Are you going to try again?"

"I'm not sure. My parents want me to."

"Are they doctors?"

"My dad is. He works at UVA Med."

"Oh..."

"Yeah, and before you ask, yes, I applied there, and yes, I got rejected there too."

He picked up his wine again. "I wasn't going to ask."

A smile slipped out despite the sour mood I felt threatening me. Usually, thinking about that pile of rejection letters depressed me. I'd managed to pull off decent enough grades, but my MCAT scores didn't cut it. At least that's what admissions told my dad. It's kind of sad when your father knows the admissions committee well enough to talk to them about you, but they still don't let you in.

"That sucks, but on a positive note, it brought you here."

"Yeah, I guess it did." I set aside the stem of the first strawberry.

"Want another?"

"Sure." I licked some chocolate off my bottom lip. He watched me intently.

He handed me another strawberry without taking his eyes off my lips.

I waited for him to kiss me, but he didn't. He watched me with the hint of a smile.

"So what about you?"

"What about me?" His eyes moved to meet mine.

"What brought you here?"

"Work."

"Where were you before this?"

"Raleigh. About a year ago I was offered a promotion if I'd move to this office. Move to the beach and make more money? It seemed like a no-brainer." He balled up the plastic wrap from his sandwich.

"But it wasn't as good as you expected?" Something about his expression made me ask.

"The summer is great and all, but this place is dead in the off-season."

"What happened to the quiet, peaceful lifestyle?"

"I had to try."

I shifted, still searching for a comfortable way to sit without flashing him. "I take it you had a lonely winter?"

"Very." He reached out and took my hand. "I'm hoping this winter will be different."

"Oh? Why would it be?" I decided to play coy. It was our first date, and for all he knew it would be our only.

"Well, I met this girl. She's pretty cool, and she just told me she's sticking around." He rubbed his thumb in small circles on my hand.

"She's pretty cool, huh? Well, if she caught your attention, she's lucky."

"I was thinking the same thing about me catching her attention."

A mix of sexual tension, and maybe need, hung in the air between us. I wanted to get rid of it. "Where were you working today?"

"Down in Nags Head. I was only supposed to be dropping off some papers. If I'd had any idea how late I'd run-"

"It's okay, Colin. I was just curious."

"We're building some new condos down there."

"Oh, cool."

A strange look crossed his face, like he was debating something internally. "Are you going to keep living in your current apartment, or do you want to move?"

"I can't afford any of the places you're selling."

"That's not what I meant. I assumed sharing walls with those guys was temporary."

"My time here is still temporary-just slightly longer."

"Well, I know the rental market here pretty well too, if you're ever looking, let me know."

"Thanks, but I think I'm good." Living with Macon and Brody for longer than a summer was never in the plans, but it worked. The living arrangement was low drama, and I liked our place enough.

"Are you going to eat something else? Wine and chocolate-covered strawberries are great and all, but there's plenty more."

"Can I see that pasta salad?"

He passed over the container along with a fork. I scooped out a little on a plate. I wasn't particularly hungry, but I didn't want him to think I didn't eat normal stuff.

We sat for a while longer, talking and eating. The picnic was nice, comfortable. It was like I already knew him.

"Thanks for coming today." He held out a hand to help me up. We folded up the blanket, and Colin picked up the repacked picnic basket.

"Thanks for inviting me. I had a great time."

"I'm glad. Does that mean you'd want to go out again sometime?"

Usually I'd give a noncommittal answer, but I wasn't in the mood for games. "Yeah. I would."

He smiled, taking my hand with the one not currently holding the basket and blanket. "Maybe we'll have dinner next time?"

"Sure. That sounds great."

He led me to the car, and we headed back toward town. I relaxed against the seat, once again enjoying the wind. I could get used to being driven around in a convertible. He pulled up outside of my building and got out.

"You don't have to walk me up."

He closed my door. "I want to."

I accepted the hand he offered, and we strolled up. We stopped outside the door.

"I'll call you." He kissed my cheek. The gesture was sweet, but I expected more.

I smiled. "I look forward to it." I walked in, closing the door behind me. If he had such a great time and wanted to see me again, why wouldn't he really kiss me?

The condo was empty, saving me from having to replay the entire date to my roommates. For guys, they were so nosy about my life. It was three-thirty, and I didn't have to be in to work until six. I decided to change into a bikini and lay out on the deck. I didn't even bother to bring a book with me. I was having trouble getting into a good book since graduation. I closed my eyes and decided to enjoy a rare nap. I woke up with a start when I heard the balcony door open.

I didn't need to open my eyes to know that Brody had walked out.

"I didn't know you were home."

"I was at the gym."

I forced my eyes open. "Oh, cool. You're working tonight, right?"

"Why? You want a ride?"

"Nope, I just wondered."

"So how was your big date?" He slumped down on the chair next to me, stretching out his long, lean frame.

"It was nice."

"Nice? Does that mean boring?"

"No, it was great. I agreed to another."

"But something happened. What made it just nice?"

I adjusted my chair so I was sitting up. "He kissed me on the cheek."

"Was that moving too fast for you?" He tossed me a bottle of water.

I took a long sip. "Very funny."

"He asked you out again. Don't read into it."

"Why wouldn't he have kissed me for real?"

"Maybe he's trying to be a gentleman, to let you know he doesn't just want to sleep with you. He is really Southern."

"Just because a guy has a Southern accent doesn't mean he's a gentleman."

"Do you not want to date a gentleman? You want to date a guy who just wants sex?"

"No..."

"Is that why you like Lyle? You think he's a bad boy?" Brody grinned, and I knew his ribbing was going to get worse.

"Not all musicians are bad boys."

"If today's theme is prove all stereotypes wrong, I want to see how you break the 'smart girls don't have fun' saying."

"Smart girls have fun."

"Too bad you're not smart." He grabbed the water back from me.

"Hey, I wasn't done with that."

"Tough. I finished mine." He gulped down the rest. I guess he wasn't worried about germs.

"So you want me to prove I can have fun?"

"Yes."

"Okay. When we get off tonight let's do something fun."

"You really up for it, Maddy?"

"Absolutely."

"All right, we'll see about that."

Chapter Three

"Hey, sexy." Macon waited for me while I finished up at work and grabbed my stuff. I'd worked the outdoor bar again, and it had been even more crowded than usual. All I really wanted to do was sleep, but I knew better than to back out on a challenge with my roommates. A few hours of being tired far outweighed a month worth of taunting. I wondered if Brody would have naturally teased me, or if he picked it up from Macon.

"Sexy?" I didn't bother to hide my annoyance. Macon knew what tree he was barking up.

"Yes? Is there a problem with me calling you that?"

"A big one. Use my name." I walked out from behind the bar. "I'm going to go change."

"Changing? Oh, this is going to be good."

"Do you have to have an annoying response to everything I say?"

"Wow. Grouchy much?"

"I'm not grouchy." I put a hand on my hip. "Just tired."

"I thought you told Brody you wanted to have fun."

"I do."

"Then snap out of it. See you in five." Macon started toward the front of the restaurant.

The only info I got about our plans was to wear a swimsuit. You know you trust your roommates when you put on a bikini with no idea where you'll be swimming. I adjusted the triangles on my blue floral bikini top. I didn't have tons to cover, but that didn't mean I wanted to take a chance of flashing Macon or Brody-or anyone else we'd be swimming with. I put my black work shirt and skirt over it.

I pulled my hair down, but quickly changed my mind. The humidity at the beach made my already somewhat frizzy hair out of control. Thankfully, some good products and a hair tie solved most of the problem. Macon and Brody were waiting for me out front when I finished

Macon whistled. "Okay, now I really have to call you sexy."

"I'm wearing exactly what I was wearing two minutes ago."

"It's different when I know you're wearing a bikini underneath."

"How do you know that? It could be a full piece. Besides, you've seen me in a bikini a million and one times."

"First, do you even own a full piece? Second, a million and one? A million isn't sufficient?" He held open the passenger door of his Accord for me. Brody was in the back.

"No, but I could have one."

"Stop arguing."

"Hey, Brody. You didn't have to give up the front."

"Yeah, I did."

I laughed. "If this is more of the gentleman argument, I get your point."

"I'm just being polite."

I let it go. "Where are we going?" I buckled my seatbelt as Macon pulled out of the lot.

"You'll see." Macon smiled at Brody in the rearview mirror.

We didn't get far. We got stuck in a line of traffic trying to turn into a parking lot. The whole group must have been together or lost. There wasn't much to do in that shopping center late at night. I didn't dare voice my question out loud. Macon would nag me about whether I wanted to join their orgy.

Macon honked the horn, and I slunk down in my seat slightly. Tourists didn't usually take well to his "I'm always in a rush" attitude.

Thankfully, the cars finished turning and we sped back up to forty-five.

We pulled into the marina, and I got suspicious. "We aren't taking out the boat, are we?"

"You make it sound like that would be a bad thing."

"It is if you lose your job. I doubt you're supposed to touch it at night if you don't have a scheduled dive." Macon was a dive master. There weren't too many scuba stores out as far as Corolla, but Macon managed to find one to work at. The job was temporary, just a break before he went back to school for his MBA. On the outside, Macon didn't appear driven, but he'd planned to take over his uncle's business for as long as I could remember.

"It's fine. It's a whole different experience to go out at night."

"Go out at night? You don't mean dive at night, do you?"

Brody opened my door for me since I hadn't moved from my seat. "Yeah. We figured it was time you tried one."

"I only got scuba certified last month. It's not like I've been putting it off for years. Besides, shouldn't we do it when you already have a night dive scheduled?"

"Then it wouldn't be bonding."

"Oh. I didn't realize this was a roommate bonding experience." I stupidly followed Brody and Macon to the boat. "Does this constitute stealing? If so, it's a felony offense, and I'm not going to jail." A voice in the back of my head nagged me that it would keep me out of med school if I reapplied. Hearing that voice made me more determined to follow through with the plan.

"You can say we forced you." Macon grinned. Noticing I wasn't smiling in return, he continued. "Even if we did get caught, which we won't, my boss wouldn't press charges."

"You say that now."

Macon stopped walking and took my face in his hands. "We are not going to jail. This is going to be fun."

I nodded, and that must have been enough for him because he continued onto the boat.

Macon barely waited for us to sit before starting the engine. My stomach did flip-flops. I liked scuba diving, but doing it at night seemed different. I kept picturing all the sea creatures that were scary enough when I could see them.

Macon stopped the boat and put down an anchor with a line. "You can even hold on to the line on the way down."

"Gee, that makes it so much better."

Macon tossed me a wetsuit before stripping down to his swim trunks and stepping into his own suit. "Just get changed."

Despite my reservations, I couldn't turn down the challenge. I pulled off my t-shirt, hesitating with my skirt once I noticed the two sets of eyes on me. "Umm, is there a reason you're both staring at me?"

"Do we really have to answer that?" Brody grinned.

"I'm one hundred percent certain you've both seen girls in bikinis before-including me." I stepped out of my skirt and started to put on my wetsuit. At some point if I kept diving, I needed to get my own. It always felt gross wearing something close to my body that I knew lots of other people had worn.

"It's different watching you take off your clothes." Macon started pulling out more gear.

I sat back down and sorted through the equipment he gave me. "You're going to double-check I do this correctly."

"Of course. You're in good hands."

I waited as Macon checked my regulator and gauges. He helped me into my BC and defogged my mask. Although the scuba gear worked great in the water, the equipment felt cumbersome on the surface.

Completely outfitted, I stood by the railing. "How are we going to find the boat? What if it moves?"

"It's not moving. I won't let you out of my sight, and I promise you'll be safe." Macon was done making fun of me. Maybe he realized I was nervous.

"How are we going to see?"

"With this." He handed me a tiny flashlight.

"This? Aren't the lights supposed to be bigger?"

"This is plenty considering how bright the moon is." He glanced up at the full moon illuminating the sky.

"Want me to go first?" Brody asked Macon.

"Sure. I'll make sure Maddy gets in okay."

Ordinarily, I might have complained about the insinuation that I couldn't jump into the water myself, but considering how nervous I was, I didn't mind.

Brody jumped in, and I followed. Macon came behind me.

Under the water I realized what Macon meant about the light. The moon lit up the water with an eerie glow. I stayed close to the guys and marveled at how different everything looked. There was something surreal about spending time under the water, and it was only enhanced by the night.

I shuddered as something brushed against me. I turned and came face-to-face with a giant set of teeth. I started to panic, ready to head back up to the surface when Macon put his hand on my arm. His touch calmed me down enough to really look. It was grouper. A goliath grouper.

After my near freak-out, I spent a few more minutes enjoying the reef before moving back up to the surface after a brief safety stop.

Back on the boat, the adrenaline hit me. "That was awesome!"

Macon laughed. "I told you it would be. And the grouper didn't eat you."

I hit him on the arm. "That thing was scary."

"I know. You did really well."

"Thanks." I beamed at the compliment. "I would totally do that again."

Brody gasped. "You'd risk the felony?"

"Maybe next time we'll do it with permission." I stripped off my wetsuit and grabbed a towel.

Both Macon and Brody smiled.

"What?"

"Did you really think I stole the boat?"

"Wait? Did you ask in advance?"

Macon cracked up. "Of course. I'm not a complete idiot."

"Then why did you let me think you didn't?" I took a seat as Macon pulled up the anchor.

"It enhanced the bonding experience. You thought you were breaking the law with us."

"You're lucky I'm still on an adrenaline high."

"Oh yeah? What would you have done to me?"

"You don't want to know."

They both laughed.

Macon started the engine, and we headed back to the marina. I wrapped the towel tighter around me as the wind picked up. "What's the off-season like? Is it going to be different?"

"It's quiet...kind of boring, but then again, you don't have to deal with tourists." Macon gazed up at the clear sky.

"Max said he'll give me some shifts, but it's not going to be as many." I wasn't sure how I felt about that. Free time wasn't exactly something I needed, and less money didn't sound appealing.

"If you're worried about rent, don't."

"Thanks, but I should make it."

"I'm just saying I don't care."

"Oh yeah? I don't have to pay rent anymore?" I looked out at the water.

"You have to pay rent if you can. I'm not going to throw you out though."

"Good to know I won't have to turn to the streets." I bit back a smile.

"I'm glad you're sticking around." Brody patted my arm.

"Yeah? Me too. I don't know what I'd do otherwise."

"When are you going to tell your parents?" Macon leaned back.

"And you had to go and ruin the bonding." I sighed dramatically. I had no desire to talk to my parents, let alone to tell them I was extending my time at the beach. All they'd do was nag me about reapplying to med school.

"You have to tell them eventually."

"Eventually is later. Not tonight." I'd been saying that same thing for weeks, every time I let their calls go to voicemail. I couldn't deal with them.

"Yes. There's always room for later." Macon maneuvered the boat back into its spot. I couldn't believe I was gullible enough to fall for their stolen boat trick, but I had to admit it was a pretty good joke.

"It looks like we weren't the only ones out this late." Brody nodded toward a boat docking two down from ours.

"Not surprising." I opted to wear the towel home around my waist and scooped up my clothes.

"Oh look, it's Maddy's little friend." Macon unloaded the empty tanks and quickly soaked the gear in fresh water.

I hopped off the boat and regretted it instantly. I stopped short in front of Lyle. "Hi."

"Hi." He looked at me, then behind me. I didn't need to turn around to know both Macon and Brody had come off the boat already.

"Beautiful night." Lyle ran a hand through his hair, his eyes still on my face.

"It is."

"Did you guys go for a swim?" He gestured to my windblown, wet hair. I'm sure I looked fantastic.

"A dive."

"Oh, cool."

"We thought it was time Maddy lost her night dive virginity." Macon put an arm around my shoulder. I shrugged it off. I didn't need him playing games.

"Cool. I've never done it either."

"Cool." We'd officially gone way beyond our three-word conversations. Things were looking up.

"See ya at the Grille next week." He half waved before walking off.

"Get an ounce of drool in my car, and you're getting it cleaned." Macon went around to the trunk and dumped some empty tanks in.

"Very funny." I got in, noticing that Brody was giving me the front seat again.

Macon started the engine. "Come on, Maddy. Why do you get so tongue-tied around the guy? There's nothing special about him."

"Do I question you on the girls you like?"

"Yes, but that's beside the point. I don't like him. Did you see how he acted tonight?"

"How he acted? He finally acknowledged me for more than a minute."

"Yeah, I wonder why."

Brody laughed.

"What?"

Macon put a hand behind my seat. "You think it's a coincidence he talked to you tonight? Look at what you're wearing, or rather not wearing?"

"You really think he only talked to me because I'm in a bikini? It's not like I have a lot on display."

"Shut up with your 'I'm too flat' sob story. You've been bitching about that since you were thirteen. You still look good in a bikini."

I crossed my arms. "I haven't brought that up in years."

Brody laughed again. "Man, you guys are too funny sometimes."

"No, we aren't."

"Yes, you are. You have such a history, but it's not sexual. You'd make a good comedy team."

"Shut up, Brody," we said at once. That only made Brody laugh harder.

Chapter Four

"Hello?" I struggled to wake up, only picking up my phone so it would stop ringing. When I chose a Ke$ha song as my ringtone, I hadn't imagined it blaring over and over right next to my head.

"Maddy? Are you okay?" a vaguely familiar voice asked.

"Who is this?" I hadn't bothered to check. At least it wasn't either of my parents.

"It's Colin. Did I call too early?" His voice rose slightly.

"What time is it?" I squinted as I tried to read my alarm clock, but I was pretty much blind without my contacts. My dad kept telling me to get LASIK, but pieces of plastic sounded better than surgery.

"It's ten o'clock."

"Oh, wow. I slept in."

He chuckled. "Late night?"

"Yeah, very."

"Do you think you'll be feeling better by tonight?"

"Tonight?"

"I know it's last minute, but I really want to see you again." His voice was warm, and I wanted to get lost in it. I'd dreamed about him the night before-a surprising turn of events considering I'd run into Lyle.

"What time?"

"How about six-fifteen? I'll make seven o'clock reservations."

"I should be up by then."

He laughed. "I'd hope so. I was thinking Owen's Restaurant. Does that sound good?"

"Sounds great. Believe it or not, I haven't been there." There was nothing surprising about it. Fine dining wasn't something I did much.

"That makes it even better."

"I'll see you at six-fifteen."

"Great. I'll be on time. I promise."

I pulled my sheet up tighter around me. The guys always kept the AC on high. "I'll hold you to it."

I hung up with a smile. A night dive with my roommates one night followed by a date with Colin the next. Life could be worse.

***

"Wow." Colin's eyes glided over my body in a way that made me feel exposed-but not in a bad way. The appraisal made me feel sexy, desirable in a way I hadn't felt in quite a while.

"Hi."

He laughed. "Sorry, you took me by surprise."

"Isn't this appropriate for Owen's?" I gestured to my black halter dress.

"Yes, but you look stunning."

"Thanks."

"Are you ready? Or should I come in?" He hesitated right outside the doorway. At least he wasn't late this time.

"I'm ready." I slipped outside, closing the door behind me. There was no way I wanted him talking to Macon before my date. Brody was out, but Macon would have jumped on the chance to embarrass me.

"All right." He took my hand as we walked down the stairs. I slowed us down, still trying to get used to wearing heels again. I'd been wearing flip-flops almost exclusively since moving in. One of the perks of bartending at the Grille was that Max couldn't care less about my shoe attire.

He opened the passenger door of his car, and I settled into my seat comfortably. Even on our second date, I was already getting kind of used to being in his car.

"I'm glad you agreed to see me again. I knew planning a date the day of was probably pushing my luck." He started the car.

"Yeah, but lucky for you I have no life."

He turned toward me. "I plan to change that. No reason to leave you with enough time that you can accept last-minute dates from other guys."

"Worried about other guys, are you?"

He pulled out onto the street. Ocean Drive, otherwise known as Highway 12. The one road that wound its way through all of the Outer Banks. There was only a small strip of land separating the sound from the ocean this far out. "Do I have a reason to be?"

"I am out on a date with you right now, aren't I?" My thoughts went to Lyle, but I easily pushed them away. I needed to live in the moment.

"That you are. The second date in two days I might add."

"Reminding me?"

"Just reveling in my success."

"Success?"

"I was successful at getting a beautiful woman to go out with my twice. That's something to feel good about."

That was the first time anyone had ever called me a beautiful woman. All the guys I dated before called me a girl, and I could count on one hand all the times anyone other than my family had called me beautiful. "Hot" or "pretty" were the more frequently used terms boys used when they were trying to get you into bed.

"Well, I was successful at getting a handsome man to take me out twice."

"Am I handsome?" His arm brushed against mine as he reached to turn on the radio.

"Very."

"Glad to know you think so."

"At the risk of sounding incredibly shallow, I'm going to admit I don't usually date men who are not handsome."

"Oh yeah? It's all about the looks?"

"No. I want personality and a sense of humor too."

"In other words, you have high standards."

I turned up the volume on the radio so I could hear the music over the wind, it was a catchy electronic-pop song I couldn't resist singing along to when I was alone. "Don't you?"

"Yeah, I have high standards."

"Glad I passed the test for a second date."

"You passed the test for a lot more than a second. I'm the one hoping for a third." He pulled into the lot of Owen's.

He helped me out of the car and held my hand as we walked inside.

He smiled at the hostess without letting go of my hand. "Morris."

She looked down at her book. "Yes, right this way."

Colin pulled out my chair, pushing me in once I was settled. Either he was a real gentleman, or he was really good at faking it.

"Would you like wine?" Colin asked.

"Uh, sure. But I'm fine with an iced tea or something too."

"Which would you prefer?"

"An iced tea." I'd found I drank less since I started bartending.

"Sweetened or unsweetened?" He didn't ask me again to double-check, and I liked that.

"Sweetened."

"Okay then."

Colin asked for two iced teas when the waiter arrived and ordered us some steamed mussels. I leaned back in my chair, enjoying the casual feel we had going. I ordered fish, something I rarely had when it wasn't fried anymore. When you're nearly broke, seafood, even in a beach community, is pricy. Colin ordered some sort of shrimp.

"What do you do for fun?" He set aside his half-empty iced tea glass.

"Wow, I haven't heard that one in a while."

"What? It's kind of a required early dating question."

"Then can we skip the required ones and ask interesting ones instead."

He smiled. "Okay. Toilet paper. Over or under?"

I laughed. "That's your question?"

"You didn't like the hobby one."

"Over. Who would choose under?"

"I don't know. Someone." He shifted in his chair and his leg grazed mine. He didn't move it.

"My turn. Brush your teeth before breakfast or after?"

"Before. Floss after."

"Two-part?"

"Yeah. It works."

The waiter brought our food over, momentarily breaking the conversation.

I took a few bites of my fish, glancing around the restaurant.

"Where's the strangest place you've had sex?"

I swallowed hard. "Excuse me?"

"You wanted interesting questions." His smirk told me he enjoyed my reaction.

"Since when did past sexual experiences qualify as interesting?"

"Since forever."

"You first."

"I asked first."

"Can I pass on this one?"

"Why? It can't be that bad. Can it?" The gleam in his eye bordered on naughty, a far cry from the guy who didn't kiss me after our first date.

"A tractor." I didn't look down when I said it. I met his eye.

"As in farm equipment?"

"Do you know of another tractor?"

"Wow. I bet there's a story behind that one."

"Not a good one."

"I beg to differ."

"There was a big party. It was a closed space. End of story." I was ready to look down. It sounded worse and worse.

"A big party where there happened to be a tractor?"

"There's some farm country around Charlottesville."

"I guess so." He took a bite of his shrimp.

"Your turn."

"The couch."

"Very funny."

"It's true. I've never been lucky enough to have sex in something as exciting as a tractor before."

I set aside my fork. "If I find out you're holding back..."

"How would you do that? Interview my ex-girlfriends?"

"You'd be surprised how resourceful I can be." I broke apart a roll. The inside was still warm, perfect.

"Maybe if the bartending thing doesn't work out, you can try your luck as a private eye."

"Something to keep in my back pocket I guess."

"You're the only person our age I've ever heard use that expression."

"Are you trying to say I sound old?"

"No. You just use the same sayings as my grandfather."

"Why is it that every single guy I spend time with insists on making fun of me?"

"So there is competition."

"I'm talking about Macon and Brody."

"And they're not competition?"

"Uh, no. Macon is more like a brother-or I guess not exactly that. But not competition. Brody is nice and all, but once again, not competition." I left out the name of his only competition-he was only competition in my head.

"How'd you end up living with them?"

"Macon and I have been friends our whole lives. I didn't know what to do this summer, so he invited me down. He had an extra room, and it sounded much better than moving back in with my parents."

"I take it you're not close to them." He finished his shrimp. "Your parents."

"It's more like we're having a disagreement right now."

"Over you reapplying to med school?"

"Yes."

"That's tough. It's got to be hard enough on you without that."

"Yeah, I think they're embarrassed, and that's fine. But that doesn't mean it's my fault."

"Of course not." He reached across the round table and took my hand. "You have to do what's best for you."

"I know. It's like the UVA rejection letter was a wake-up call. It was almost a slap in the face. I'd been spending my life trying to achieve someone else's dream. If I reached it, great. But I couldn't. Why torture myself for something I'm not sure I ever really wanted?"

"You're only twenty-two. You'll find something else you want to do."

"Right now I'm happy enough working at the Grille."

"It's not the worst temporary position." He didn't let go of my hand, and I didn't pull it away until the waiter came over to ask us about dessert.

"Do you want something?"

"No thanks. I'm pretty stuffed."

"All right. We can always grab something on the way home."

"Sounds great."

We didn't end up stopping for dessert, but we did take a walk on the beach. The moon was still pretty full, and it lit up the ocean as we walked along the sand.

I dipped my toes in the water. "I'm glad you called this morning."

"Me too. I made the decision not to play by the rules with you."

"Not to play by the rules?"

"I usually wait a few days before calling for another date. I usually don't make jokes about sex and toilet paper on a second date. I usually don't tell a date that I'm overwhelmed by their beauty on the second date either." He laced his fingers with mine.

I turned to him. "You haven't told me that."

"I have now." He placed his hands on my shoulders and looked me directly in the eyes. "And in case you missed it, I'm overwhelmed by your beauty."

If most guys had said something like that to me, I probably would have laughed. I didn't laugh. My chest clenched as the intensity in his eyes burned into mine.

Instead of laughing, I hugged him. The kind of hug where I leaned my head on his chest and let him wrap me up in his arms. The hug wasn't the "second date" kind of hug, it was more of a "we've been together three months" sort of thing. Most guys would have kissed me, but he didn't. I was already seeing that Colin wasn't other guys.

We didn't say much after that, but there was something comforting in the silence. I liked it, and I think he did too. Eventually we got back in the car, and he drove me home.

We stopped in front of the door to my condo.

He took both of my hands in his. "I had a great time tonight."

"Me too." I smiled.

"You are everything yet nothing like I thought you'd be."

"What does that mean?"

He moved his hands up my arms. "It means you are even more amazing than I expected."

"Then thanks."

He leaned over and brushed his lips against mine. I shivered, wanting the kiss like I hadn't wanted a kiss in years. He started to pull away. I reached out for him, ready to protest when his lips crushed into mine. Our lips moved together, and I wrapped my arms around his neck. His response was to pull me closer, and to let his hands move down to my hips.

His tongue pushed against my teeth, and I welcomed him into my mouth. He tasted like cinnamon, and I wanted more. He groaned as I pressed my body against his.

"Maddy?"

Colin groaned again, but this time it wasn't a good one.

We broke the kiss.

"Can we help you, Brody?"

Brody smiled sheepishly. "I heard some noise and wanted to check it out."

"You can go inside now."

"Oh, yeah. Okay." He backed up and closed the door.

"So...that was a little awkward."

Colin took my hand again. "Not awkward, just frustrating."

"Thanks for a great night."

"Thanks for a great ending to the night-minus your, uh, roommate interrupting."

"Make sure to kiss me somewhere else next time."

He laughed. "I'll remember that. Sleep well, Maddy."

"You too."

He kissed me on the cheek, and I walked inside.

As soon as the door clicked closed, I confronted Brody. He was sitting on the couch with his feet up on the ottoman.

"Was that necessary?"

"You think I did that on purpose?" He pointed at his chest. He was wearing a ragged, old t-shirt. I felt completely overdressed.

"You heard a noise?"

"Yeah. I was just checking things out."

"Do me a favor: next time, don't."

"How was it?"

I wasn't sure if he meant the date itself or the kiss. "Great."

"Yeah?"

"Nice dinner, nice conversation, and a good kiss."

"Only good?"

"Wonderful. He tastes like cinnamon."

"Was he chewing gum?"

"No. I think he just tastes that way. The funny thing is I don't usually like cinnamon-flavored things."

"There's probably a deep metaphor in there somewhere."

"One we're not discussing tonight." I slumped down on the couch next to him and kicked off my shoes.

"When are you going to see him again?"

"I don't know. I guess whenever he calls."

"Letting him call all the shots, huh?" Brody stretched out his legs next to mine.

"What? Is there any problem with that?"

"No, I'm just giving you a hard time."

"You're good at that."

"Not as good as Macon." He yawned, reminding me of how late it was.

"You have a point there."

Chapter Five

"Morning, Maddy. I thought I'd bring you breakfast, but unfortunately we're out of Cinnamon Toast Crunch."

I forced my eyes open. "Macon?" I struggled to hold on to the end of a good dream while trying to make sense of Macon's presence in my room.

"Want me to make you cinnamon French toast instead?"

"Cinnamon?" Then my foggy brain finally figured it out. "Brody!"

"He's out for a run." Macon sat down on the edge of the bed. "But yes, he filled me in."

"Filled you in? Because my dating life is so exciting?"

He shrugged. "You haven't dated anyone since you moved in, and you've gone out with this guy twice. That makes it a least somewhat newsworthy."

"Get out of my room."

"Why? Did I interrupt a dream about Cinnamon Boy?"

"No..." I wasn't interested in telling him who my dream was about. I didn't need any of that psychoanalysis from him. Macon's parents were both psychiatrists, and he liked to pretend they'd imparted their wisdom on him. A favorite way of his to show it off was to annoy the hell out of me.

"You know what I'm going to assume if you don't tell me."

"I do?"

"It would be painfully obvious that you were dreaming about me." He reached over to my bed stand and picked up my copy of People magazine. Don't judge.

"But why wouldn't I tell you that? Don't you already know I dream about you all the time?"

"Be careful, girl. Don't tempt me while we're on your bed."

I laughed. "I think we'll be able to resist the urge. Anyway, why'd you come in here? Was it really just to annoy me?"

He set down the magazine without opening it. "I have a few more buddy passes to use before my gym membership switches over. Want to come with?"

"Definitely." Although I generally preferred to run and lift light weights at home most of the time, I never gave up the opportunity to tag along with Macon to his gym. As much as I enjoyed exercising outside, sometimes I wanted a change of pace.

"How soon can you be ready?"

"Ten minutes."

"I love how un-girl you are."

"Un-girl?" I threw back the covers and got out of bed, already excited for a good workout. I'm weird like that. I'm a horrible morning person unless I know I'm getting up to exercise.

"Don't pretend you don't know what I mean." He stood up and walked to the door. "I'll see you in ten."

***

"Oh god. When did he join here?" I didn't realize the words had left my lips until the girl on the elliptical next to me took off her headphones.

She turned and looked at me quizzically. "Are you talking to me?"

"No. Sorry." I moved my gaze straight ahead again, and he was gone. Lyle had definitely been there. Part of me felt guilty getting excited about a Lyle sighting the morning after a date with Colin, but I reminded myself that two dates with a guy didn't mean I couldn't think about another.

I focused on my work out again, turning up my music to the limit of comfort. There's something so motivational about Linkin Park at the end of a work out. Their songs push me to get the job done.

The elliptical beeped to let me know I was at the two minute mark. That's when I saw him again-this time in all his shirtless glory. He hadn't been shirtless ten minutes before. He'd been wearing a blue t-shirt. You know you have a serious crush when you memorize little details like that in seconds.

It wasn't my first time seeing his chest, I'd spotted him on the beach on more than one occasion, but it didn't matter. The mental drool started before I realized it. I wanted to avert my eyes but couldn't. He was talking to some guy I didn't recognize while drinking copious amounts of water from a nondescript bottle.

I stepped off the machine when the workout finished. That should have been enough of a distraction, but of course not. Instead, Lyle looked over in time to catch me blatantly ogling him. Lovely. He waved in a quasi-greeting, and I waved back. That was it, the moment we were going to have a real connection, but then he turned and walked away.

"Idiot." I mumbled before heading off to find Macon. He was already waiting for me.

"Hey, does that whole half-price friend membership still apply?"

"Why? You suddenly willing to shell out the money?"

"Yeah, it might be nice in the winter."

He grinned. "And it would have nothing to do with your friend."

"My friend? Wait you saw him too?"

"Yeah, and I resisted the urge to ask to smell his cinnamon breath." Macon checked his phone.

"Wait, Colin?"

"Yeah, who did you think I meant?" He eyed me skeptically.

"No one." Oh geez. I needed to get outside. "On second thought, I don't want to waste the money." I opened the door and booked it to Macon's car.

He followed me out. "Okay..."

I decided that in the future I'd stick to running on the beach.

Dashing upstairs as soon as Macon parked, I closed myself in the bathroom. I stripped off my sweaty clothes, and stepped under the hot spray of the shower. I thought about my obsession with Lyle and my budding relationship with Colin-if I could even call it that. Surrounded by steam and water, the situation didn't seem so bad. I relaxed. I always did my best thinking in the shower.

I could have stayed in forever, but using up all of the hot water when Macon had let me work out for free would be pretty obnoxious.

I dried off and wrapped up in a towel.

"You missed a call," Brody called as I passed through to my room.

"Thanks." I closed my door and picked it up. My stomach turned in excitement as I pictured the cute message from Colin. Perfect timing. My shower epiphany was that I had to stop worrying about my parents, my future, and what I couldn't have. I needed to focus on what was right in front of me.

The message wasn't from Colin. It was my parents checking in on me-again. Evidently, they'd taken the liberty of finding several master's programs I could apply for that were all designed to give you a better shot at med school. The thought made me uneasy. More school just to take the chance of getting rejected again? And for what? The more distance I had from my former life, the less I wanted med school. The problem was, I didn't know what I wanted.

Chapter Six

The bar top had never been cleaner. Technically, I didn't have to be in to work until seven, but I got there early. By ten o'clock I was falling asleep. Max was already cutting back my shifts, and I was bored.

Labor Day came and went without a word from Colin, and I'd accepted the kiss hadn't been as good for him. His disinterest shouldn't have bothered me, but it did. Usually I was so good at reading people and signs. I'd been wrong this time.

"Everything okay, sweetie?" Max came by on his rounds of the dining room. I was in the inside bar.

"Yeah. Things are fine."

"A piece of advice: don't go into acting." He took a seat on one of the stools.

I forced a laugh. "That bad?"

"Yes. You stink at it. But tell me, what's eating at you?" Max had this way about him that made you want to spill your life story. He'd started off bartending at the Grille, and I could imagine he'd amassed an endless amount of personal confidences during that time. The only confidences I got were from drunk guys hoping a sob story would get them laid.

"Nothing really. It's more of a general blah feeling."

"That doesn't sound good. You never told me, what happened with your big date a few weeks ago?" He wriggled his eyebrow.

"It went."

"Ah, I see." He gave me a knowing look.

"No. It's not all about that."

"Are you sure? Because I have a few more words of advice for you if it is. Any boy who can't see how lucky he'd be to date you isn't worth it."

"Thanks, Max. It's really not that. I have to figure some things out." My words were partially true, I did have to figure things out, but I was hung up on how wrong I'd been about Colin. It's not that a guy hadn't rejected me before, I'd just always expected it.

"If you're sure."

"I am."

I tried to push my depressive thoughts away, but I felt lost. I'd spent my whole life on such a set path, and for the first time, I had no clue where I was going. I wanted it to excite me, but it scared me more.

"It's pretty slow tonight. You can head home anytime you want. We don't need both bars open, and Dale would be happy to come inside." Max's most seasoned bartender, Dale, got first dibs on shifts and bars. He was trying to work more, so I figured that meant I'd be working less.

"I might have to take you up on that."

"I'll pay you for the whole shift."

"Thanks, Max." It was weird to be so worried about a paycheck. I'd spent most of my life in the financial bubble of upper-middle class comfort my parents had given me. I'd kept that bubble through college, so for the first time, I was on my own dime. After paying Macon rent, I barely had enough for food. Working only a few nights a week was going to make for a very long winter.

"You aren't going to ride your bike home alone though, are you?"

"No. I'll get a ride," I lied. I had no intention of calling anyone. It wasn't even ten o'clock at night.

Max saw through it. "Maddy, it's too dark to ride your bike. People won't see you."

"I'll be fine." I closed out the register and blatantly ignored the warnings he was giving me.

Outside I let out a sigh of relief. It's not like I had a death wish, but I needed my time alone.

I unlocked my bike and hopped on. The best part of riding a bicycle is that it doesn't take any gas. Oh, and you can usually maneuver your way around traffic.

I turned right out of the Grille and headed toward home. I loved the feel of the wind in my hair, and I relaxed. I still had a ways to go when I saw the car heading straight at me. I veered to the side, stopping before I flipped over the handlebars.

"Damn you, Macon." I steadied myself as Macon rolled down his window. "You could have killed me."

"I was just making sure you were awake."

"Awake? I'd prefer breathing." I finally calmed down enough to get off the bike.

"Stop complaining, you knew I wouldn't hit you." Wordlessly, he secured my bike onto his bike rack.

"He called you, didn't he?" Max couldn't leave it alone.

"Of course he did. You could get killed riding that thing at night."

"The only one who came close to killing me was you." I settled into the passenger seat.

"I was trying to prove the point. It's dangerous."

"Only when someone purposely tries to run me off the road. I'm hoping you're the only one who would do that."

"I bet there are more. You probably have enemies."

"Enemies that are driving around the Outer Banks at night?" I turned down the AC that was blaring and freezing my legs.

"They might be really committed to the act of killing you."

"You are so morbid."

"No, just lightening the mood."

"Keep it up. You're doing a great job."

"Want to keep lightening it?

"Only if it's safe."

"It's safe. I have a guy I want to set you up with." Macon kept his eyes on the road and a neutral expression on his face.

"Like a blind date? Is this a joke?"

"Not a joke. I guess it's not completely blind because my friend is the one who asked me to set it up."

"Your friend? What friend?" My skin prickled. I knew most of Macon's friends in the area, and none of them were the type I'd date, or that he'd set me up with.

"Just one of the guys who works at the shop with me."

"Why'd he ask you to set us up?" I asked suspiciously.

"He's seen you around."

"Why do I get the feeling you're hiding something from me?"

"You don't trust me, do you?" He turned the AC back up. He could be so infuriating sometimes.

"Not when it comes to my dating life."

He turned into our condo lot. "Come on, I think you'll like him."

"What's his name?"

"Ralph."

"Seriously? You expect me to go on a date with a guy named Ralph?" I slammed my door accidently and cringed. Macon was pretty protective of his car and would normally snap at me for it.

"You can't be serious. A girl named Maddy is going to make fun of someone's name."

"Maddy's just a nickname. Maddison is a fine name."

"Yes, if you're the capital of Wisconsin."

"Very funny." I started upstairs without waiting for him. I knew he'd follow right behind me. "It's not even spelled the same."

"So what do you say?"

"To what?" I unlocked the door.

"Will you go out with Ralph tomorrow night?"

I turned to look at Macon. "Why is this so important to you?"

"Because you're important, and I want you to find happiness."

"Okay, now I'm definitely not going."

"Did you tell her about the date we lined up for her?" Brody asked from his place on the beige leather couch.

"Wait, you're in on this too? What's going on?"

"Nothing, Maddy. We just think you guys would make a good match."

"Not a chance." I took off for my room.

"Please, Maddy. He's going to be really disappointed."

I spun around. "Is he at least cute?"

"Want to see a picture?" Macon whipped out his phone.

"You have a picture of him on your phone?"

"Just some dumb ones from work."

"Fine." I grabbed the phone.

"Wow, this is Ralph?" A guy straight off my college roommates' surfer boy calendar stared back at me.

"Yeah. Not bad, huh?"

"I'll go out with him."

They both laughed. "And the truth comes out. It's all about the looks."

"What? Like you guys don't decide to date, or in your case, Macon, sleep with, girls because of their appearance?"

"Of course we do." Macon didn't bother to defend himself.

"I'll go on one date."

"Great, Ralph is going to be thrilled."

"Fantastic."

***

"I'm glad Macon set this up," Ralph led the way down the outdoor stairs.

"Yeah, it was nice of him." I was still trying to decide if Ralph's choice of a red print Hawaiian shirt was serious, or if it was a joke I was supposed to be commenting on.

"I brought my bike. I thought it would be more fun." He stopped in front of a large chrome motorcycle and my stomach lurched. I hated motorcycles. Macon knew that more than anyone. I was surprised he hadn't warned Ralph to leave it at home.

"Oh. I guess I'm not dressed right then." I glanced down at my emerald green sundress, wanting way more clothing if I was riding on that thing.

"You're dressed great. You look amazing."

"Thanks, but shouldn't I be in a jacket at least?" When your father's an ER doc, you kind of get bombarded with the dangers of motorcycles. I'd made it twenty-two years without even being tempted to ride on one.

"You can if you want, but I brought you a helmet."

"Yeah, I'm going to get something." I took the stairs two at a time, already dialing Macon. He and Brody were both out. I couldn't believe they hadn't warned me that Ralph drove a bike.

I didn't own a leather jacket, but Brody did. I'd noticed it when I was in his room once. I found the four-sizes-too-big jacket and slipped it on after changing into jeans and a tank. Satisfied with my new outfit, I walked back down. I may not have looked as good, but it would at least offer some protection from road rash.

"Oh, you really changed." Ralph's face fell slightly.

"Yeah, I'm ready now."

"Great. We're going to Chilli Peppers over in Kill Devil Hills."

"That's a forty-minute drive from here."

"So? It'll give you time to enjoy the ride."

I sighed. "All right." Tons of people enjoyed riding motorcycles. In theory I could be one of them.

"Just get on behind me and hold on."

I did as he said and tried to remain calm when he turned on the engine. I could handle forty minutes.

Corolla disappeared behind us as he sped farther down Highway 12. We drove through Duck, and Kitty Hawk, each one a little different but still with a seaside feel.

There wasn't much traffic, so Ralph drove us at a fast pace. I'm sure my hands were leaving imprints in Ralph's stomach because I was holding on so tight. Finally we arrived at the restaurant, and I let him help me off.

"Wow, you okay?" He must have noticed how tense I was.

"Yeah, I think so."

"If I didn't know any better, I'd have thought it was your first time on a bike."

"It was."

"Oh." A funny expression crossed his face. "I thought you were into bikes."

"Not at all."

"I would have picked you up in my car, but it's too late now. Let's enjoy dinner." He took my hand and led me inside.

I resisted the snarky reply that wanted to come out. He hadn't done it intentionally.

Seated at a center table, I picked up the menu to peruse.

"You don't need that."

"I don't?" I glanced up at his expressionless face. I really hoped he wasn't going where I knew he was.

"No. I'll order." He went there.

I held in a groan. I hated when guys did that, especially on the first date. There was no way he knew what I wanted. I didn't even know what I wanted. "That's okay."

"No, I insist." He called the waiter over and proceeded to order for me. I had to jump in when he asked for mine to be extra spicy.

"No, mild is fine," I quickly assured the waiter.

"You sure?" Ralph cocked his head to the side as he watched me.

"Absolutely sure."

The rest of dinner didn't go any better, and a sinking suspicion set in. When Ralph suggested a round of mini golf, I couldn't let it continue.

"Listen, Ralph. Macon's messing with us." I was already planning revenge in my head.

"What do you mean?" Ralph held open the door for me, and we started walking back out to the lot.

I stopped, waiting for him to do the same. "I hate motorcycles, spicy food, and mini golf."

A look of understanding hit him. "And I bet you don't like guys who take control either."

"The whole ordering for me thing?"

"Yeah." He tucked his thumbs in the corners of his pockets.

I clasped my hands together. "What an ass**le." I tried to get my anger back in place. I had a short temper and once I lost it, it wasn't a pretty sight. We're not talking anger management level, but I'm not someone you want on your bad side.

"Exactly my thoughts. But you really don't like mini golf?"

"No. Especially not here. How many pirate-themed mini golf courses do you need?"

"We could always go to the dinosaur one."

"Not much better. That T-rex looks like he could fall on top of you."

"You don't like dangerous things, do you?"

"Oh. The motorcycle thing? Yeah, blame my father for it."

"Okay. If I ever meet him, I will." He smiled. "So what do you like? Is there any chance of my salvaging this date?"

All I wanted to do was get in an actual car and go home, but I wasn't that mean. His smile was sweet, and he was trying. "Ice cream. I like ice cream."

"You mean you're not lactose intolerant?"

"Seriously? He said that?"

Ralph laughed. "No, but I'm surprised he didn't. Let's get some ice cream then."

The next ride on the bike wasn't so bad. I relaxed enough, and we stopped for ice cream back in Corolla. I felt tons better knowing I wouldn't have to get back on the bike, I could easily walk the short distance home.

I had just settled in to enjoy my cone of vanilla soft serve when I noticed an all-too-familiar face walking toward the register, and he wasn't alone. So that's why Colin hadn't called back. The girl was pretty, with reddish-brown hair. She was of average height and wore ballet flats and a puffy skirt. I at least had to give it to the girl; she had a fun sense of style. I also now had an answer. I hadn't read him wrong, I just hadn't read her.

"Can we finish these outside?" Knowing my track record, I'd get caught staring at the couple if we stayed inside any longer.

"Sure. It's a nice night for a walk." Ralph grabbed a couple of napkins on the way to the door. Points for thinking ahead.

We walked along the boardwalk, finishing the last of our cones. The surf was rough, splashing up against the wood. "Thanks, this was fun."

"Yeah? I'm glad. Hopefully you can forgive me for the first half of our date."

"You're forgiven." I smiled. There was something fun about hanging out with Ralph. There were definitely no sparks, but he seemed like a sweet guy.

"You ready to go home?" He tossed out the napkins when we passed a trash bin.

"Yeah, but I think I'm going to walk."

"Really? You hate bikes that much?"

"It's a nice night. I'd like the fresh air."

"Can I at least walk you home? I feel weird leaving you here." His expression fell somewhere between "I care" and "you're annoying." I'm sure being misled by Macon wasn't much fun for him either.

"It's really not an issue. There are tons of people out."

"But it's dark."

"And there are lights." I gestured to a streetlight. Unfortunately, it was flickering, so it didn't help my case.

"Are you always this difficult?"

"Usually."

"Please. Is my company that awful?"

"No." I finally realized how bad my insistence could be interpreted. "The company would be nice."

"Great. Let's go."

The walk home was pleasant enough, and he kept the goodbye hug short. Macon wasn't anywhere to be seen when I walked in, but he wasn't getting away with anything.

***

Pouring a pitcher of water over Macon's head while he slept was incredibly satisfying. As was watching his reaction when he woke up.

"What the f**k, Maddy!"

"What's the matter? You don't like water on your face? I must have forgotten. Kind of like how you forget that I hated motorcycles?"

He sat up, wiping water off his face. "I take it you didn't enjoy your date last night."

"What the hell was that? Am I blanking out on something mean I've done to you recently? Because usually friends don't set each other up on horrible blind dates intentionally."

"I was giving you perspective, and getting Ralph back."

"Perspective? And what were you getting Ralph back for?"

"He cockblocked me twice last week."

"Do you have to use that language?"

Macon laughed. "You say every curse word imaginable, yet you can't handle the word 'cock.'"

"I can handle it, I just don't like it."

"You can't handle it. Your face scrunches up every time I say it."

"That's not true." Although I wished living with boys didn't mean listening to crude language.

"Can you even say it? Are you still such a prude you can't?"

"I don't need to use the term." I crossed my arms.

"You don't like 'dick' either."

"Are you trying to distract me? I'm not going to forget about what you put me through last night." I still couldn't quite believe Macon had done that to me.

"Yeah, I'm sorry I forgot to turn my phone on."

"You're lucky you had it off."

"I love your idle threats. It's one of your best features. It ranks right up there with how much you hate the word 'cock'-and 'dick.'"

"You know what, this isn't worth my energy." I stormed out of his room.

He followed me. "Did it make you realize how great your date with Colin was? Maybe make you think it's worth calling him?"

"Wait. You're going to try to convince me that you put me through all that to try to talk me into calling Colin?" I stopped in my tracks.

He stood there looking at me.

"You can't be serious."

"I don't get why you haven't called yet."

"If he wanted to see me, he'd have called." I tried to keep the hurt out of my voice. His failure to call shouldn't have bothered me nearly as much as it did.

"Or maybe he's waiting for you to call him."

"He's not. I can promise you that." I walked into my room and sat down on my twin bed. Luckily, the room came furnished. Otherwise, I'd have been sleeping on the floor.

"No, you can't." He leaned against the doorframe. My room felt small with him standing there, like he was boxing me into a tiny space.

"I saw him out on a date last night. On top of my disaster date, I saw him with another girl."

"What did you say to him?"

"Say to him? Nothing. I left so he didn't see me." Wow. I sounded like a coward saying it.

"Why?"

I went with the honest answer. "Because I didn't want to deal with it."

Macon stepped into my room. "Because you actually like him."

"Why does this matter to you?" I pulled up my legs under me. "Why do you care whether I call Colin?"

"Because I'd like to see you do something that makes you happy."

"I'm always happy."

Macon busted out laughing. "Oh yeah. Always."

"Cut me a break, Macon. I've had an awful year."

"Maybe, but that doesn't mean you should continue it. Eventually, you're going to have to snap out of this 'woe is me' crap and move on with life."

"Says the guy working at a dive shop." Sometimes Macon's hypocrisy made me want to scream.

He sat down next to me. "It's only temporary."

"So is bartending."

He turned so he could look at me. "But what's it temporary until? You love plans. I don't believe you don't have one."

"I don't. Maybe that's the point. I don't want to have one."

"Because you're too afraid to find one," he mumbled. He knew he was treading thin ice.

"You don't understand what it's like."

"Sure I do, Maddy. Life didn't work out exactly as you planned. You're not going to med school. You're not marrying some ambitious guy, planning out how many perfect children you want to have. That pisses you off. I get that."

"You don't get it." I leaned back against my pillows. "I'm tired of sucking."

"Oh, stop the pity party."

"The pity party?"

"Yeah. It doesn't look good on you. If you really wanted to go to med school, you'd be signing up for that master's program your parents found. But you're not, because you don't want to go. You just can't handle that things aren't going as planned. It burns you up."

"I don't honestly know what's bothering me. I just feel lost."

"We all feel lost sometimes."

A smile broke through despite my mood. "You're pretty sage for a guy who got a glass of water poured over his head."

"I want you to snap out of this. I want Maddy back."

"Glad I've been missed. I hadn't even realized I'd gone anywhere."

He leaned back next to me. "Oh, you've been gone."

"And you honestly think calling Colin is going to bring me back?"

"No."

"Okay, so everything you've said is pointless?"

"It's not going to bring you back, but it's at least a step. You're acknowledging that you care about something-or rather someone."

"I don't think I can handle him telling me he met someone. It's more rejection."

"And rejection is worse than never knowing?"

"Yes. Rejection hurts. You wouldn't know that."

"Oh yeah? Because I've never been rejected?"

"Have you?" I couldn't imagine Macon ever being rejected. He was the golden boy and eye candy rolled into one.

He looked away. "Yes."

"When?"

"More times than you want to know, but this isn't about me."

"I'm not calling Colin, but maybe I'll keep dating."

"That's not the same thing."

"Why not?"

"That's just trying something new again. That's different than putting in the effort toward something."

"First dates take effort. I extend more effort picking out clothes and going through possible conversation topics than I spend on the next ten dates combined."

"Ever think that's part of the problem?"

"What's part of the problem?"

"You put so much energy in the beginning and then lay off. Life's a marathon, not a sprint."

I put my arms behind my head to prop myself up more. "No you didn't."

"Didn't what?"

"Go there with the 'life is a marathon' metaphor."

"Oh, I did. I definitely went there. It's a good metaphor."

"Well, then I better get training." I got up and began shooing Macon toward the door.

"At least think about what I said."

"I will. I'll even go shopping for new running shoes."

"Make sure to get a warranty on them-you never know when you're going to need it."

"I don't even know how that fits the metaphor, but I'll pretend I do."

"You know what? I'm not leaving." He flopped down on my bed again. "You woke me up and soaked my bed. I'm going back to sleep while you find your way."

"Fine. I'm going for a walk."

"Good for you. Take it slow."

I hit him with a pillow. "No more marathon metaphors."

"Fine. I have plenty of other metaphors to try out next."

"You are such a loser sometimes."

"Some people would call me a caring friend, but I'll take what I can get."

"Good, because it's all you're getting."

Chapter Seven

I went back to the basics the next Thursday night. I made Lyle a highball. Maybe I was making things too complicated. Some people were more basic with their drink selections. They wanted the strong taste without too much interfering. My next attempt would be a whiskey up, but maybe he was a ginger ale guy. I would have pegged Lyle to be into the more complicated mixtures, but he was turning out to be a lot harder to read than I expected.

Brody and Macon sat in their usual spots as I stared at Lyle from the distance. He was wearing a red t-shirt with a faded emblem I couldn't make out. If it were someone else I would have assumed he bought it that way, but with Lyle it seemed more likely that he wore it and washed it so much that it wore out.

"I don't know why you're bothering with Lyle. I heard you and Ralph had a good time." Brody sipped his Coke.

"Do you want me mad at you?" I'd already let Brody have it for his participation in the event. He didn't get the 'water poured over his head' treatment, but that didn't mean he was off the hook.

"You have to admit it was funny."

"Funny? You mean absolutely infuriating. Ugh, it makes me mad just to think about it." I was used to Macon playing games, but having two people do it was worse.

Brody grinned. "Come on, I heard you guys hit it off after the truth came out."

"I wouldn't call it hitting it off. He's nice, but not for me."

"Not like Lyle," Macon said in a poor imitation of me.

"Don't you guys ever get tired of messing with me?" I set down Lyle's drink on the bar in front of me.

"Nah, it's too much fun." Macon laughed.

"Glad I can give you guys so much entertainment."

***

"Hey, here's your drink." I handed it to Lyle, letting my hand touch his a moment longer than necessary. His skin felt cooler than I expected.

He took the drink and set it down immediately. "Thanks."

"You're welcome," I mumbled as I walked back to the bar.

"Not into the highball, huh?" Brody asked.

I shrugged. "Who knows? He didn't even try it."

"That would make most people give up." Macon's attention was only half on me. He'd noticed a girl across the room.

"You're the one who told me to put in more effort."

"Not with him." Without a word, he got up to talk to the girl. I wished I had that kind of confidence.

Macon returned a few minutes later with a triumphant smile on his face.

"Just a number tonight?" I asked him.

"She's with her brother. A number was all I pushed for."

"Do you think you'll call her?"

"Maybe. She's only here a few more days though."

"What are you going to do when there are no more tourists?" I pushed down on the cover of the blender so I wouldn't have the ingredients to a Blue Bayou all over my shirt.

"What I did last winter," Macon shouted to be heard over the blender.

"Which was?" I poured the Bayou, setting it aside with a couple of beers for one of the waitresses.

"Get really, really bored."

I laughed as I opened up a few more beers. I saw a couple of regulars sitting down and knew exactly what they'd want with their burgers.

"Hey."

I glanced up to find Colin with a hand on the bar. He was wearing a t-shirt for a change. I'd never seen him in anything without a collar.

"Hi."

"I'm glad you're working tonight, I've been meaning to call you, but things have been crazy with work."

"Oh. That's all right." I played it off, trying to pretend I hadn't spent the last few weeks over-analyzing my silent phone.

He leaned in slightly. "I know it's last minute, but any chance you want to go out tomorrow night?"

Was he serious? After ignoring me for two weeks I was supposed to go out with him last minute? "Sorry. I have plans."

"Oh." His face fell. "I knew it was too much to hope for, but I had such a great time with you the other day, and I'd love to see you again." His puppy-dog face wouldn't work on me. I didn't need to deal with being someone's fallback date.

I glanced at Brody. Was he hearing this?

I wanted to say something snarky, but my polite side won out. "I had a nice time too, but I already have plans."

"Maybe another time, then?" His voice was hopeful. "If I give you more notice?"

"Maybe."

"Excuse me." For once I appreciated being interrupted by a customer.

"Sorry, I have to work." I walked away, still not sure what to make of Colin's apparent interest. Had that girl dumped him? Did he want to date multiple people? Had he forgotten about me until he saw me at the bar?

"Where's your girlfriend?" Macon asked Colin, surprising me enough that I spilled a beer. Thankfully, it didn't get all over the girl who ordered it.

I mopped up the mess and waited for his answer. "Girlfriend? I don't have one. Didn't you hear me pathetically asking Maddy out?"

Macon wasn't deterred. "Yeah, but that doesn't mean you don't have a girlfriend."

"I don't."

I dared to glance over at Colin. He looked confused. "The only dates I've been on in the last few months were both with Maddy."

"Are you sure?" Brody asked.

I groaned and reminded myself to stop telling Macon everything. He couldn't keep anything to himself. I quickly turned away.

"Yeah, I'd know."

I could practically feel Colin's eyes boring into the back of my head, but I didn't turn around again. Maybe I misread what he was doing with the girl. They weren't kissing or anything. In theory, it could have been a friend.

"I wouldn't mind a girlfriend though," Colin called loud enough for me to hear. I turned in time to watch him walk away from the bar.

"Huh. Would you look at that?" Macon watched Colin walk toward the exit.

"What?" I checked my shirt, searching for an explanation for why Macon was staring at me.

"No mystery girl, and he wants to see you again."

"Yeah, he had his chance."

"Maybe he really was busy with work."

"Too busy to call once in two weeks?" Usually, I wasn't that girl. I didn't sit around moping about a guy who never called, but I always knew when it was going to happen. I could read people, and although I wouldn't have admitted it out loud, I had wanted to see him again.

"I'm not saying you should give him another chance, but at least stop worrying about whether you're a bad kisser." Brody laughed.

"I don't think I'm a bad kisser. I figured the kiss didn't do it for him."

"So what are your big plans tomorrow night?" Macon reached over and filled his empty glass with water. I hated when he did things like that. Why couldn't he ask like a normal person?

"I don't have any." Not yet at least. Seeing Colin gave me new determination to find another date.

"Ohhhh," Macon said. "Don't let him catch you in that one."

"I'll find plans." I felt pretty confident. Usually when I wanted to get attention, I found it. The problem was, it wasn't always the right kind.

Macon took off as soon as Brody got back to work, and I was left at a nearly empty bar. I talked to Mary for a while before she left when she got a new table in her section. The kitchen was getting ready to close, but Max was pretty lenient when it came to late-night diners.

I studied the new diner, who was eating alone. He was good looking, probably in his late twenties, and every time I looked over, he was looking at me. Why was a guy like that eating alone? There had to be a story there. If someone came in alone, they almost always came right to the bar. This guy seemed perfectly content and confident to sit by himself at a table.

A group of guys came in and sat down at the bar, distracting me from the lone diner.

"Hey, can I get you guys something?" As much as I wasn't looking forward to dealing with customers, they fit the demographic that generally tipped me well.

"Yeah. We'll take a round of jager shots."

"Sure." I took out six shot glasses and poured the shots. I wasn't a shot person, but I understand the draw. Quick, easy, and potent. There was also a social aspect to shots that appealed to most people on some level.

I placed a shot down in front of each guy and turned my attention back to the lone diner.

"Can we get another round?" one of the guys asked.

"Sure." I poured them again.

"What's your name?" The guy directly in front of me asked.

"Maddy."

"That's a pretty name."

"Thanks." I was always more comfortable talking to guys my own age, for better or worse.

"Cool. Cool. I'm Davis." He held out his hand.

"Hi." I accepted the handshake. I'd play along if the conversation stayed clean.

"Have you worked here long?" He slid his empty shot glass around on the bar top.

"Just since May."

"Oh cool. We go to NC State, but we're in town for Gary's bachelor party." He gestured to a guy with auburn hair sitting a few stools down.

"Oh. Nice."

"When do you get off?"

I held back a groan. Did he think I was going to hook up with him? "Later."

He laughed, as though I'd said the funniest joke. "No, really. I'd love to hang out. You're pretty."

"Does that usually work for you?" There was something about being behind the bar that made me better at turning down male advances. It's like I had an alter ego-sexy and badass Maddy.

"I don't know. I've never used it before."

Davis now had a few of his buddies' attention, and I knew it was about to get worse. "It's not working. You guys want another round?"

"Do you come with it?" the supposed groom-to-be asked.

"You couldn't handle me if I did." I was on a roll.

"Oh yeah? You really think that?"

"Yes." I crossed my arms. Macon would be dying if he'd been there to listen.

"Care to let me prove you wrong?" He leaned forward slightly.

"Aren't you engaged?"

He looked down the row at his friends, probably trying to figure out who ratted him out. Finally, he smirked. "She's not here."

"Ugh." I walked to the other side of the bar. I shouldn't have started in with these guys. Their tip would hopefully make it worth it. I looked back at Mary's section, but the diner was gone.

"Do you think I could handle you?" There he was, the solo diner, standing in front of me. I may have miscalculated his age a little. He was probably in his thirties.

"I don't know. It's hard to tell." I tried for seductive as I checked him out more. He wore a fitted dress shirt that made me wonder what was underneath. Aside from Colin, I'd never dated a guy more than a year or two older than me. It sounded and looked appealing.

"Yeah? Well, at least you didn't write me off as quickly as those guys." He spoke loudly enough that the whole row of college guys could hear. Not that it would have been hard to get their attention. Although they hadn't stopped jeering since I turned the disgusting groom-to-be down, they were watching us with interest.

"I don't waste my time on boys."

Lone Diner smiled. "I understand that completely. I'm Gabriel." He held out his hand.

He had to be kidding. That name fit way too well. He could have easily walked off the pages of one of those fallen angel books that sometimes tempted me to stay up reading them on my e-reader. "Pleasure to meet you. I'm Maddy."

"The pleasure is all mine." He held onto my hand and I half expected him to kiss it. "Are you working tomorrow night?"

"No. I'm off."

"Great. Give me your address, I'll pick you up at eight."

A thrill ran through me. This was so not Maddy it was insane, but why not? "How about I meet you there." I could be adventurous without being stupid. Getting in a stranger's car wasn't the best idea. Especially a stranger who looked and talked like this one.

"Fair enough. North Banks at eight o'clock. Let me see your phone."

I handed it over, not surprised to watch him typing in a number and calling it before returning it to me.

He checked his own phone before pocketing it. "See you then."

"Looking forward to it."

Gabriel walked away.

Davis scowled "Cold. That was cold."

"Only for you guys."

***

"You seem adventurous. Is that assessment accurate?" Gabriel sipped his red wine, watching me intently as if my answer could change the fate of the world. We hadn't ordered dinner yet, but I was enjoying the slow pace of the date. I still couldn't believe I was even out with him, but at least I had an excuse for why I turned Colin down.

We'd been talking about how much we loved the beach in winter when he abruptly changed the conversation.

"Uh, sometimes." After a glass and a half of wine, I was feeling somewhat adventurous. I was on a date with an older guy named Gabriel, wasn't I?

"Yeah?" He leaned back in his chair, not bothering to hide that he was clearly undressing me with his mind.

I didn't mind as much as I usually would. "Why?"

"I've been looking for an adventurous woman."

I could play along for a while. If I could do it behind the bar, I theoretically should have been able to pull it off other times. "I guess for me it depends on the adventure...and who it's with." I sipped my wine, keeping my eyes on him.

"What if the adventure was who it was with?" He found my leg under the table, rubbing his against mine.

"Meaning?"

"Well, there's someone I want you to meet." He smiled, the kind of smile that was supposed to be disarming, but came across as a little scary.

"I'm not sure we're on the same page here..." I struggled to figure out where the conversation was going. I only had one guess, and it wasn't one I'd ever considered.

He gestured to someone behind me. I turned. I'm not sure what I expected, but it certainly wasn't the striking brunette walking over to us.

She smiled before kissing Gabriel hard on the mouth. I watched in slight shock while they kissed each other. Then, as suddenly as the kiss started, it stopped, and the woman took a seat between us. "Hi, you must be Maddy."

"Hi..."

"Maddy, this is Suzanne." He touched her arm in a way that you would only do to someone you're sleeping with, and I knew my guess had been correct.

I wasn't ready to admit how right I was. I was still trying to figure out a way to excuse myself from the situation. "Oh. And she is your..."

"Wife." She said it with a huge smile.

"Uh, what?" My stomach did summersaults. Why was she smiling? "I swear I had no idea he was married." Maybe I was wrong. Was this some sort of prime-time TV trap?

Suzanne reached out and placed her hand on mine. Her nails were long and painted jet-black. "It's all right. No one's upset with you."

"Then what's going on here?" I glanced around for hidden cameras. With so many reality shows nowadays, it could easily be one. Maybe it was a prank show set up by Macon?

"That's where the adventurous part comes in." Gabriel took my other hand.

"Umm, I'm going to go." I'd walked into the mess myself, but that didn't make it any better. A lever that would send me through the floor would have been very convenient at the moment.

"Wait. Are we making you uncomfortable?"

"Very."

Neither let go of my hands, so I started to push back my chair.

Suzanne scooted her chair closer to mine. "We haven't done this before either, but we've been looking for the right person."

"Right. Well, I'm not that person." TV show or not, was Macon behind it? If my roommates had been at the Grille when Gabriel came in, I would have been sure of it.

"Wouldn't you at least like to try?"

I shook my head vehemently. "Not a chance. I hope you find what you're looking for." I pushed off their hands and headed to the entrance.

Gabriel followed after. "Hey, Maddy. Sorry. I guess I assumed you'd be up for it."

I spun around to face him. "Why would you assume that?"

"I heard the way you talked to those guys. Plus, you're a bartender."

"That was an act. It's the only way to survive the job."

"It was a very convincing act. Are you sure you don't want to come home with us? Just see where it goes? You can leave anytime."

I groaned. "Please lose my phone number."

I started walking away from the restaurant. "Wait. Where's your car? How are you getting home?"

"I'm all set. Bye." I sped up, looking behind me to make sure he wasn't following before pulling out my phone and calling Brody. I didn't want to deal with Macon's teasing. It was going to be bad whether or not he was involved. Brody's phone went to voicemail. I wasn't surprised, he was working. I tried Macon next. He picked up right away. "Where are you?"

"Home."

"Why aren't you laughing?"

"Why would I be laughing?"

"So you weren't in on tonight's date from hell?" I asked, hoping he had been. Otherwise, my night was just that much weirder.

"It didn't go well?"

"You swear you have no idea what I'm talking about?"

"Yes."

"I hope you're right." I hung up, not in the mood to deal with asking him to pick me up. I was only a few blocks from the Grille, so I headed to work. Brody would be getting off in twenty minutes, and I'd catch a ride.

I slumped down on a bench outside. Had that actually happened? Had I really been propositioned by a couple to be their third? Those sorts of things happened in movies, not my life. I guess it's what I got for talking the talk with nothing to back it up.

I ran over my conversation in the Grille the night before. "I don't think you can handle me." Yeah, I could understand why someone might think I was a little adventurous. Still, talking up my sexual appetite was different than wanting to get involved with a husband and wife. I hoped that eventually I'd look back on the night and laugh, but I wasn't ready to do that yet.

I sat on that bench waiting, trying to think about anything but Gabriel and Suzanne. The problem is that my brain immediately went to both Lyle and Colin-making me think about how much I wanted both of them, and reminding me of how long it had been since I'd had sex.

Chapter Eight

I walked up to the counter at Duck Donuts wanting to satisfy my need for a cake donut with chocolate frosting and sprinkles. It wasn't the healthiest breakfast, but I'm usually not the most health-conscious person. I ordered the donut and a coffee, and walked over to fill my cup. I poured half-and-half in. If I was eating a donut, there was no reason to skimp on the creamer.

I picked up my donut and walked outside. The one downside to riding a bike was having nowhere to put your coffee. I wasn't very good at the 'riding one handed' thing. I'd have to walk my bike.

"Maddy, hey!" Colin caught up with me easily. Walking a bike while holding coffee requires a slow and steady pace.

"Hey." Despite myself, I was happy to see him.

"Where are you headed? You aren't planning to walk your bike all the way home, are you?"

"Oh no." Even I wasn't that crazy. "I'm heading over to the park."

"Oh cool. Mind if I join you?" He held up his bag and coffee. I guess I wasn't the only one in the mood for fried dough that morning.

"Sure."

"Can I help you with that?" He gestured to the bag and cup balancing precariously in one hand.

"Thanks." I awkwardly handed them over, relieved the piping hot coffee didn't spill.

"I'm glad I ran into you, I really am sorry I didn't call."

I shrugged-or kind of did. Even with two hands it took some work to push my bike through the grass. "It's fine."

"It's not. I screwed things up with the first girl who's really interested me in years. There's nothing fine about it."

"Don't make a bigger deal out of it then it is. We went out a few times, you don't owe me anything."

"Does that mean you're going to give me another chance?" he asked with a note of excitement in his voice.

I didn't answer right away. On the one hand, he'd dropped the ball. On the other hand, he probably wouldn't try to talk me into a threesome with his wife. "Sure."

"Yeah? Cool. When are you free? We'll work around your schedule this time."

I readjusted my hold on the handlebar. My hand was getting stiff. "I have Tuesday and Wednesday off."

"Great. Tuesday night then?"

I nodded. "Sure. When and where?"

"My place at seven?"

"Your place?" I wasn't sure how I felt about the suggestion. Sex with Colin sounded good-but like many things in life, just because something is good doesn't mean you should indulge in it. Kind of like eating the second piece of cake-or a cake donut.

"I want to make you dinner." He smiled. "Absolutely no expectations for any non-food dessert, I promise."

"Non-food dessert? Is that what you're calling sex nowadays?" I enjoyed talking about sex with Colin. The idea had my heart beating a little faster.

"It sounded wittier in my head."

"I bet." We reached the little park, and I set aside my bike. Colin joined me on a bench, leaving the socially acceptable amount of space between us.

"So what have you been up to? How were those big plans on Friday?" He opened the little sip spot on my coffee and handed it to me

I half coughed and half laughed. "Not going there."

He grinned. "Oh, come on. Now you have to tell me."

I shook my head. "No way."

He leaned in and gave me that puppy-dog look of his. "Please. I want to know."

I thought over all the reasons not to tell him, and then realized it wasn't something that reflected bad on me.

"I went out with a guy who tried to get me to have sex with him-" I purposely waited a beat. Colin looked confused. "And his wife."

"What?" He'd been ready to sip his coffee but stopped. "You can't be serious."

"Uh-huh. Evidently, being a bartender means I'm that kind of girl." I left out the part about egging on the college guys.

"Well, I can promise you I won't ask you to do that."

"Yeah?"

"I mean, I don't have a wife. It would have to be a different girl."

I playfully pushed his shoulder. "Needless to say, I didn't stick around long after that."

"I bet. See? My non-food dessert thing isn't that bad, is it?"

I laughed. "No. Not at all."

***

"I need to get a car." Finally satisfied with the way I looked, I waited for Brody by the front door. I felt like a fifteen-year-old waiting for her dad to drive her somewhere. Colin said he'd pick me up, but he was cooking so it seemed annoying to have him come over and get me, and I didn't want to have to leave my bike at Colin's when he drove me home.

"Yes, you do. Just find something cheap and used." Brody was always the practical one.

"Or get your damn car back from your parents' house," Macon called from the kitchen.

"No. That car comes with strings attached."

"You make it sound like it's a freaking Porsche. It's a ten-year-old Civic."

"I'm not going to get it."

"Because you're too cheap to pay the insurance on it?"

"No, I don't want to admit I need it."

"Ohhh, the truth comes out." Macon hopped up to take a seat on the counter. "Quit being such a baby."

"I don't want to face them."

"You'll have to eventually. They're your parents. Seeing them kind of goes with the territory of being their child."

"Says the guy living in his parents' condo."

"Hey, I don't look a gift horse in the mouth."

I sighed. "I know. I can't change it tonight anyway."

"If you want to get there on time, we should go." Brody gestured to the microwave clock. I'd have asked Macon for the ride first, but he was taking out a night dive.

"See you later, Macon."

"You mean tomorrow?"

"You have a date I don't know about?" He was never out too late with a dive.

"I'm talking about you not being home until tomorrow."

I thought about Colin's 'no non-food dessert' comment. "I doubt that, but you never know."

Macon smiled. "Yeah, you never know."

***

Brody stopped outside of a two-story beach house. I wasn't sure how much Colin raked in, but that place couldn't have been cheap. I double-checked the address he'd texted me. It matched.

Brody stared out his window. "Damn. Nice place. Have fun, Maddy."

"Thanks for the ride."

"No problem. Call me if you need a lift home."

"Thanks. I owe you."

"Do my laundry again?"

I laughed. "Sure. Do you hate it that much?" I didn't like having to drag my clothes to the laundry room in college, but I didn't mind now that I had a washer and dryer in the condo.

"I can't stand it."

"It's a deal then." I held out my hand to shake his. "See you later." Laundry was one of those chores I enjoyed. I'd never admit it to Macon though, because he'd be having me do his clothes every week. Fun or not, washing the underwear of a guy you weren't dating was weird. It was bad enough doing it for Brody a few times; I didn't need to do Macon's too.

I slowly walked up the porch steps. Going to Colin's place was nerve-racking. I turned around and noticed Brody waiting. He was too nice of a guy.

I knocked on the light yellow door, trying to make out the faint music coming from inside.

Colin threw open the door. "Hey. Come in." He smiled, looking beyond appealing in his light green shirt.

I stepped in and turned around to wave to Brody.

"Who drove you?" Colin asked with interest.

"Brody." I said it casually, but I knew how it probably seemed from the outside. Macon helping me out made sense, but Brody didn't have the childhood friend excuse. I think he legitimately cared.

"You guys are close, aren't you?"

I shrugged. "Close probably isn't the word, but we have fun. He's a good friend."

"He seems nice." Colin took my hand and led me into the kitchen. "What about Macon? He's the one you know better?"

I tried not to let his questions annoy me. They were normal questions for a guy to ask a girl he was dating. "Macon and I have been friends forever."

"That's cool. I have a few friends like that."

"That's nice."

He gestured to two French doors. "I'm grilling steak."

"Oh cool." He hadn't checked with me to see my food preferences. Lucky for him, I loved red meat. "Who is this?" I gestured up to the speakers.

"It's Lost in the Trees."

"Cool. Never heard of them."

"My little sister is really into finding less-known and indie music. She makes it her job to introduce me to new bands all the time."

"How old is she?"

"Carly is twenty-one."

"Is she your only sibling?"

"No. I have an older sister named Kim." He pushed a pile of mail over to the corner of the island. "Do you have any siblings?"

"Yeah. I have an older brother."

"So you're the baby of your family?"

"Yup. Are you the typical middle child?"

"Yes and no."

"Any explanation for that?" I leaned a hand on the back of one of the stools at the island.

"I'll let you tell me what you think."

"I don't actually know what 'typical middle child' means. I keep picturing Jan from The Brady Bunch."

"That's the second 'old person' thing you've said lately."

"What? You don't know what I'm talking about?" I put my hands into the back pockets of my short dark-wash jean skirt.

"I do, but I'm picturing you watching Brady Bunch reruns."

"You make that sound like a bad thing. What else is there to do on a Friday night?"

"Go out with me." He put his hand right next to mine, and I wondered if he was going to move it to hold mine.

"Usually you wait until the end of the date before asking for another one."

"Yeah, well, I'm very determined to get you to agree." He smiled. "Can I get you something to drink?"

"Oh, only if you're having something."

"I was going to have a beer, but I have wine too."

"Beer is fine."

"I have some Coronas. Otherwise, it's IPAs."

"That's right. You're that kind of beer drinker."

"That kind of beer drinker?" He covered my hand with his. His large hand was warm and instantly comforting. Any lingering awkwardness slipped away.

"You can tell a lot about a person by what they drink."

"And what does my taste say about me?"

I hadn't spent any time figuring out his liquor preferences, but his preference for IPAs said enough. "You're sturdy and reliable."

"Oh?" He looked at me with interest. "I'm reliable even after going weeks without calling?"

"Maybe. Time will tell."

"So what's your drink?" He took a step toward me.

"I like things strong."

"And what does that say about you?"

"I don't know. What does it say?" I moved toward the French doors, pushing off his hand in the process. "Wow, what a view."

"It's great, isn't it?"

"Your place is amazing." My eyes remained fixed on the crashing waves of the ocean, but I was thinking about the inside too.

"Thanks, but it isn't mine."

"What?" I turned around. He'd come to stand right behind me.

"You don't think I own this place, do you?"

"What else would I think?" A couple different thoughts ran through my head. None were things I wanted to share. My last date had left me skeptical.

He laughed. "Not a chance. This is a corporate place. I get to use it while I'm here."

"Really?" His answer was far better than what I expected. "You get to live in a place like this for work?"

"Yeah, it's one of the perks."

Maybe the car was a perk too. "Can I go outside?"

"Oh yeah, sure." He held open a door. "I need to check on the steak anyway."

I walked out onto the huge wraparound deck. I walked right over to the railing to look out at the ocean more closely. "Gorgeous."

"I wish I had more time to enjoy the view."

"You work a lot, huh? You weren't making that up?"

"Making that up? Is that what you think?" He sounded slightly offended.

"I don't know."

"It's not always like this, but I'm coming up for a huge promotion."

Being with someone so part of the real world was new for me. I was used to college partiers, and more recently, beach bums. "That's great."

"It will be if it happens." He didn't sound as confident as I expected. Had I found the weak spot in Colin's seemingly unwavering confidence?

"Well, good luck."

"Thanks." He smiled. "Oh wait, I never got our beers." He walked back inside, and I leaned over the railing slightly. I loved the ocean. I loved its power and its endlessness. I'd grown up near the mountains, but if I had a choice, I'd stay on the coast.

"Sorry about that." He handed me a Highland Kashmir. "I guessed you'd want what I was drinking."

"Thanks." I wasn't a huge fan of IPAs, but for beer, they were good.

"Thank you for giving me another shot." He clinked his bottle against mine.

I took a sip. "Refreshing."

He laughed. "The offer of wine is still on the table if you want."

"No thanks. I'm not a big drinker anyway."

"A bartender who doesn't like to drink?"

"Stranger things have happened." I looked back out at the water.

"Do you like action movies too?"

"That's a random conversation change."

"You just don't seem like most girls I've dated. I was wondering if that's different too."

"I like romantic comedies."

"Oh. Not different in every way."

"I guess not. Although, not all girls love romantic comedies."

"A lot do."

"True enough. What about you?"

"What kind of movies do I like?" He leaned his back against the railing. It gave me a nice view of his lean body that fit perfectly in his khakis and Lacoste shirt.

"Yeah."

"Anything historical. I love war movies. Stuff like that."

"Oh."

He laughed. "But I'm more than willing to watch your movies with you."

"I might be willing to watch yours."

"Might be?"

"Yeah, we'll see."

"Oh, if I'm good?" he teased. Teasing fit him in a weird way. He seemed so serious, but I knew there was more underneath.

I could play along with the teasing. "Good? Were you planning to be bad?"

He laughed. "This is starting to sound a lot dirtier than it actually is."

"As long as you don't start asking if I'm a good girl, I think we're okay."

He grinned. "Any chance you want to help me make a salad?"

"Nice conversation save."

"Wasn't it?" He smiled again, this time it was bigger and brighter. He had nice teeth. I didn't usually notice that sort of thing, but his were bright white and perfectly straight. Braces must have worked for him. My two rounds left a few of my bottom teeth out of line.

"Bring on the salad." I followed him back inside and waited as he pulled out a bunch of veggies from his stainless steel fridge.

"Is your schedule pretty set now?" He rinsed off a head of lettuce before doing the same with a tomato.

"I have two weeknights off a week right now. The weekends are the only remotely busy times, so those shifts should last."

"Do you like it?"

"It's not bad for a job. I don't plan to do it forever, but there's nothing else I'd rather be doing right now." I got to work cutting a cucumber. "Do you like your job?"

"Yes and no." He didn't hesitate with his answer.

"Meaning?"

"I enjoy it to a certain extent, but it's constant. It's like if I take a break for a day I'm going to pay for it for weeks."

"That sucks." I tried to sound supportive. He wasn't kidding. He was into his job.

"Kind of. If I get this next promotion I'm up for, it should be better."

"I hope it works out."

"Thanks. I have a good feeling about it, but you never know."

"Yeah. I get that." I knew what it felt like when things didn't turn out the way you expected.

We finished the salad, and Colin brought in the steaks. We made plates that also included baked potatoes and took a seat at his long rustic wood table. It seemed slightly out of place with the otherwise modern furnishings.

I took a bite. He made them medium rare. My favorite. "This is delicious."

"Good, I'm glad you like it." He smiled, proud of himself.

"I'm glad you asked me out again."

"Me too. And I'm even more glad you said yes." He set aside his fork. "I've been thinking about you a lot."

I sipped my water. "Yeah?"

"Yeah. You're a hard girl to get out of your head."

"You're not that easy to forget either." I remembered one of the dreams I'd had about him recently and willed myself not to blush.

"Oh? Glad I left an impression."

I smiled. "You left an impression."

"So did you."

"Enough of an impression that you didn't call..."

"I'm sorry about that. I plan to make it up to you."

"Oh yeah?"

"Yeah. It's a long-term plan, so get ready for it."

"Oh? It's the kind of thing I need to prepare for?" I took another bite, hungrier than I'd realized.

"Not prepare for...just wait in expectation."

I laughed. "I have high expectations."

We cleared the table together, and I dried while he washed the dishes.

"Thanks for dinner. This was fun." I waited while he put the last of the dishes into the dishwasher.

"You're welcome, but you don't have to leave yet, do you?"

"I don't know. I was kind of counting on you to drive me home."

He dried off his hands on a dish towel. "I plan on driving you home. The question is whether you have time for a movie first."

"That depends on the movie."

"I figured we'd order one."

"Wow, big spender." We could barely pay the cable bill.

He reached over and took my hand. "We could go out to a movie instead, but I have a nice setup here."

"Wait. Do you have a home theater?"

"Yes."

"Okay. We're staying in." I was a bit of a home theater enthusiast. I blame my cousin Tim for this particular interest. He owned a theater installation company, and he was my favorite cousin. I admit to spending more than a few Saturdays leaning about subwoofers and impedance.

He led me down a hallway and a flight of stairs. He pushed open the door to a room with a giant screen and nine extra comfy-looking seats.

"Wow. This is nice."

"I've never used it. I double-checked that everything worked right before you got here."

"You've never used it? How long have you lived here?"

"A year now."

I finished surveying the room. Framed movie posters from the sixties lined the walls. "You really do work too much."

"To be fair, I've watched movies on the TV upstairs. This room is excessive if it's just me."

My eyes zeroed in on an old Dr. No poster. My dad had gotten me into the classic Bond movies when I was a kid, and admittedly, Sean Connery was hot when he was younger. "Well, I'm glad I can be part of your inaugural use."

He grabbed a couple of remotes while I decided on a seat. I chose one of the seats in the second row.

"You're a 'middle of the theater' person too?" He sat down next to me.

"Yeah, although any seat would be great here."

"I agree."

We settled on a movie-a new comedy-one I'd never heard of, and he started it.

A few minutes into the movie, Colin put his arm around me, and I snuggled into his side. There was something natural about it, as though it was something I did all the time. I fit well there, and if I had any say in it, I'd be doing it often.

I glanced over at him as the credits started to roll and caught him staring.

"What?"

"I'm debating whether to push my luck."

"Push it." I hoped pushing his luck involved his lips-and mine.

He chuckled. "Okay. I will. Any chance we can make this a weekly thing? A Tuesday night movie date night."

"That is pushing your luck." No lips, but the promise of them another time...

"Is that a no?"

"That depends." I could play coy when I wanted to.

"On?"

"What movies you pick."

"How about you choose next time?"

"It's a deal, but let's take it one week at a time." I glanced at my watch. "Wow, it's getting late."

"I guess it is."

He moved his arm from around me slowly, and unless I was imagining it, he wasn't too happy to be doing it.

I stretched. Sitting in the same position for a few hours left me stiff.

"You okay?" He watched me carefully.

"Yeah. I'm great."

"Good." He took my hand again, and we walked back upstairs. He grabbed his keys, wallet, and phone as we walked out to his car. "I don't feel like saying goodnight."

"Me either." I ran a hand down his arm. "At least we have the drive."

"It's not long enough." He held open my door, and I slipped in.

I waited until he came around to his side. "Maybe if I leave you wanting more, you'll call me sooner this time."

"Low blow, but I deserve it. We already have a date for next Tuesday."

"That we do."

"I'd love to see you sooner."

"Yeah?"

"Much sooner." He pulled out of his driveway. "As in tomorrow night."

I pretended to mull it over as he drove. "I don't know. I might have plans."

"Planning on swinging with a married couple?"

"It's not swinging because I'm not bringing anyone into it."

"That's true. I'll be upfront here. I'm not interested in that."

"Really?" I put a hand on his shoulder. "I would have thought switching partners was your thing."

"Why? I'm not a bartender."

I punched his arm playfully. "So nice."

"You're the one telling me you're too busy to go out with me tomorrow night."

"What would we be doing?" Not that I really cared. I was all about seeing Colin again.

"I don't know yet." He slowed down, and I knew he was doing it to prolong the ride.

"Way to plan ahead."

"It's going to be good though. So good."

"Is this one of those things I'm supposed to have high expectations for?"

"Yes. Definitely." He pulled into my parking lot.

"I'm free."

"Yeah? That's convenient." He unbuckled his seatbelt.

"Very." I unbuckled mine, uninterested in getting out of the car.

"I think I need to build up those expectations." He leaned over the center console and crushed his lips against mine. I responded immediately, loving the way his lips felt and wanting more. He pushed his way into my mouth, and I eagerly welcomed him. Cinnamon and desire mixed as he intensified the kiss. I needed to be closer, and I pressed my body against his. It wasn't close enough, and he lifted me over onto his lap.

My arms wrapped around his neck as his hands slid down my back. I wanted him. Right there in the parking lot with the top down on his convertible. It was like I was sixteen again with hormones controlling everything. God knows what would have happened if I hadn't leaned back into the horn.

"Whoa..." I started to move off his lap.

He braced his hands on my hips, stilling me. "I think we set expectations too high. I don't want to wait until tomorrow."

I broke free, moving to my side of the car. "Remember what I said. I'm going to leave you wanting more." I got out of the car, pausing to glance back at him.

He groaned. "You're mean, but I deserve it. Sleep well, Maddy. Tomorrow night can't come soon enough." He sat there while I walked inside.

I mustered every ounce of resistance to stop myself from running back to invite him up.

Chapter Nine

Free time gets old. When you don't have it, it seems like the ultimate prize. You dream about the things you'd do, and how nice it would be to veg out. The truth is, when you have it, you don't want it. You get bored, you get antsy, and it leaves open the possibility of developing very weird and unproductive habits-like an addiction to watching old school 90210 reruns. Sometimes I'd think that I should have been a child of the eighties. I should have gone to high school in the early nineties, listened to grunge music, and watched MTV when people cared about the videos. My parents had me fifteen years too late.

"When's lover boy getting here?" Brody busied himself in the kitchen. He was always trying out new recipes. Working at the Grille was far from his dream job, but he tried to view it as a stepping stone to something better.

"Colin's picking me up at seven."

"Where's he taking you?" Brody offered me a taste of some sort of sauce he was working on. Buttery and warm, it was all over good.

"I'm not sure."

"He's getting mysterious on you already?"

"I guess so. I'm usually not one for surprises, but I'm kind of feeling it tonight." I resisted the urge to ask for another taste. Brody really knew how to cook.

"Feeling it, huh? Does that mean Colin's getting lucky?"

"I guess that depends on how good the surprise is."

Brody chuckled. "You're something else, Maddy."

"Am I?"

"Uh-huh. When Macon told me his little friend from home was moving in, I was expecting spoiled Prada girl."

"Why? Charlottesville isn't that wealthy."

"It is compared to Augusta. Besides, I knew you were a Delta Mu. At my school, that house was full of rich girls."

"How'd you know what sorority I was in?" I pushed his blatant stereotyping of my house aside. I was guilty of the same thing when it came to frats.

"I may have done some research."

"Seriously? Does that make you a stalker?"

He laughed hard enough to spill some water down his white t-shirt. "No. I just like to know what I'm in for."

"I didn't look you up."

"You took Macon's word that I wasn't an ax murderer?"

"Yes, I guess I didn't even think about it. Maybe I trust Macon too much."

"What's the story there?" He stirred the sauce.

"With Macon?"

"Yeah. I don't get it. I've known plenty of guys and girls who are friends, but I get this vibe there's history."

"We made out once when we were drunk. It sucked."

He laughed again. "Really? And here I thought Macon was the ladies' man."

"He is...or usually is. I guess it was a sign we weren't supposed to be doing that with each other. Now we joke about wanting to sleep together. It's perfectly normal and healthy."

"If I didn't know you guys, I'd say it wasn't, but with you, it seems to work."

I shrugged. "I can't afford to lose him as a friend. I need him." Wow, I'd never admitted that out loud. It was a vulnerability I wasn't sure I liked. Needing people could be dangerous.

"Want to know a secret?" Brody placed his empty glass in the dishwasher.

"Sure."

"He needs you too. He's been happier since you moved in."

"Yeah? Was he ever not happy?" I felt slightly guilty talking about Macon when he wasn't there, but I couldn't deny the curiosity. Macon was always the upbeat one.

"You're not the only one here to run away. He took the rejection worse than he's playing off."

"Wait, what are you talking about?"

"He didn't tell you?"

"Tell me what?" Worry set in.

"Shit. Forget I said anything."

"No. Now you have to tell me."

Brody sighed. "His uncle said he didn't think he was the right fit for the company."

"What?" My jaw was probably on the floor. "Who is the 'right fit'?"

"I don't remember her name. Some woman who goes by initials."

"AJ? Was it AJ?" He turned down the heat and covered the sauce.

"Yes."

"That's this brat who's worked there for a few years. Geez. Poor Macon. I can't believe he never told me." Macon had complained about AJ more than a few times, but I doubt he ever considered she'd be actual competition.

"Don't tell him I told you."

"I won't." How could he have kept that from me? He had to have had his reasons, so for his sake, I decided to let it go. He was a super smart guy and loved by everyone. He'd probably be better off working somewhere else anyway.

"Good. Well, I need to get ready for work. Have fun on your date, whatever it is you do."

"Thanks. I hope work's decent."

"Thanks." He cast a glance back before walking into his room.

***

"Where are we going?" I asked as Colin slowed down. I'd thought over every possible place he could be taking me, but nothing seemed to fit.

"If I told you, it wouldn't be a surprise." He turned on the headlights. The days were already getting shorter. I loved fall, but I missed the long days of summer.

"Then when are you going to tell me?" I leaned back against the leather seat of his car.

"I'm not going to. You'll see it for yourself."

"Are we almost there?"

"Are you always this hard on guys who want to impress you?"

"There haven't been many guys trying to impress me."

"Somehow I find that hard to believe." He put his hand on my bare leg like it was something he did every day.

"It's not that I haven't dated. I have. Plenty. But the usual guys I attract aren't worried about impressing me."

"Why not? Did you kick them to the curb before they had the chance?"

"No. They didn't care enough. I've never had trouble getting a date-but I don't think I've ever been someone anyone was concerned with keeping around." The mini speech was far more personal than I intended it to be.

"I know the feeling." Four words said more than one hundred could. I loved how he did that sometimes. He spoke so simply, but so meaningfully.

"That surprises me."

"It shouldn't, but I suppose I should be flattered if it does. It doesn't matter though. I'm glad I have the opportunity to try to impress you. I want to keep you around."

"You want to keep me around? That's quite a romantic statement."

"I promised you a surprise. I didn't promise you romance." A tiny smile played on the corner of his lips, making me even more curious about what he had up his sleeve.

My curiosity was satisfied moments later when he pulled into a small parking lot.

I looked around at where we were. "Why are we stopping?"

"Because we're here."

"At a lighthouse? It's got to be closed."

"It is closed." He turned off the engine, got out and came around to open my door.

"Then why are we here?"

"Just trust me on this." He took my hand, and we walked the path to the lighthouse. In the distance I saw a figure leaning against the structure.

I decided to take Colin up on his challenge and trusted him.

"Hey, man, it's all yours." A guy maybe a year or two older than me nodded up at the lighthouse.

"Thanks, I owe you."

Still trying to make sense of things, I followed Colin into the base of the towering brick structure. Colin's flashlight was the only thing lighting our way up the hundreds of steps in the spiral staircase. I held onto the metal railing, wondering what Colin had waiting for us. Surely he wasn't having me climb that many steps for the fun of it. I'd heard there was a gorgeous view, but I doubted we'd be able to see much so late at night.

Nearly to the top, he leaned down to whisper to me. "Stay back for a minute. I need to set something up."

"Okay. I'm going to trust that you're not leading me to my death."

He laughed. "You can trust me."

I waited, trying not to let the thought that I was in a hundreds-of-year-old structure late at night freak me out.

"Maddy?" Colin called down. "Can you see well enough to make it up?"

"Sure." I slowly made my way up the last three steps and my jaw dropped for the second time that night.

"Okay, I'm impressed." I took in the pillar candles, the rose pedals, and the cushions strategically placed on the floor of the circular room. Then my eyes went to the bottle of champagne waiting on ice. "I thought you said this wasn't going to be romantic?"

"No. I said I didn't promise romance...that didn't mean I wasn't going to give it to you." He grinned, clearly happy with my response.

"This is impressive." The setup blew any previous romantic gesture anyone had done for me out of the water. I couldn't believe he'd go through so much effort for a date.

"Good. Glad to know I was successful."

"But isn't this illegal? I mean, the lighthouse is closed."

"I work with some people who work here."

"That's kind of vague." Colin didn't strike me as the rule breaking type, so I assumed there was a good explanation.

"It's not worth going into the details."

"You like the whole mysterious vibe, don't you?"

"Only if it works."

"It's kind of sexy." It was, even if it also went counter to the image I had of Colin. I'd viewed him as a "straight and narrow, vanilla and sort of boring-although extremely attractive"-guy. He was more interesting than I gave him credit for. Certainly more than his IPA preference suggested.

"There is one more thing." He opened a small cooler I hadn't noticed on my initial perusal.

"Are those chocolate-covered strawberries?" I didn't bother to keep the excitement out of my voice.

"I remembered how much you liked them."

"You are really scoring points tonight."

"That was the plan."

"It looks like you have your movie partner." I took a strawberry, more excited about the decadent fruit than the champagne waiting for us.

"Oh yeah? You're agreeing to weekly movie viewings?"

"Yes. You earned it."

"Good to know." He poured us each a glass of champagne.

I took a sip, enjoying the way the bubbles felt on my tongue. "Can we go outside?"

"Yeah, be my guest." He held open one of the glass doors.

I leaned against the railing, loving the wind on my face, and not caring that the breeze was probably making a rat's nest out of my hair. There is something about the wind on the ocean that leaves me breathless-it's almost an emotional experience. Add in the champagne, and the hand resting on my back, and I was sort of in heaven. I say "sort of" because I couldn't shake the feeling that I was living someone else's life.

"It's amazing, isn't it?" he yelled over the howling wind. "The sheer power of the wind and the waves."

"I know. It feels like we could fly off this lighthouse and lose ourselves in the waves."

"I won't let that happen." His hand moved from my back to my waist, and he pulled me back against him. I snuggled into his strong chest.

His lips tickled the back of my neck as he brushed them again my skin. "The Outer Banks aren't even supposed to exist."

"You mean because of the water-how they change so much?"

"Yeah. That's what the barrier islands are for. They protect the Outer Banks from the brunt of the storm."

"Who protects the barrier islands?" I rested my hand in the crux of his arm.

"If I were religious, I might say God. But I'm not. They're kind of like sacrificial lambs doing their part."

"That's kind of sad."

"Or heroic. That is, if land can be heroic."

"Anything can be heroic." I snuggled back into him more.

"You think of things so differently from everyone else I know."

"Or maybe I just say what's on my mind. I'm tired of filtering my thoughts and feelings."

He ran his hands over my arms. "Good. I don't want you to. I like knowing what's going on in that head of yours."

"Right now, I'm content." I turned around in his arms.

"Content is good." He put a hand on either side of me, pushing me back against the railing. "Happy would be better."

"Why? Content is just as good."

"Happy is better." His eyes bore into mine as though he were trying to convey his message through them. "I want to make you happy."

"That's a big statement to make about someone you barely know."

"You don't think I know you?" The disappointment in his voice was palpable.

"No."

"Wow. No hesitation." He let out a short breath. "Then how do I get to know you?"

"How do you know you'll like what you find?"

"I will." He stepped back, taking my hand to walk us back inside. "I don't get it."

"What don't you get?" Without the wind, I wasn't so comfortable being open.

"How a girl as beautiful and cool as you could have such a poor self-image." He closed the door behind us, cutting off the sound and feel of the howling wind.

"My self-image is fine."

"No, it's not." He picked up his champagne flute from the floor where he left it. "I wish I knew who messed it up."

"What makes you think someone did?"

"The other option is that it's all about this med school rejection thing. I don't believe that."

"Why not? Is losing your dream not worth getting down over?"

"This is not about being down. It's about being down on yourself. It's different. And was it really your dream? You make it sound like it was your parents'."

"For a guy trying to impress me, you're treading on thin ice." I turned to look back outside.

"Yeah, well, I'm not always the best at holding my tongue."

"Me neither. Can we drop this conversation? I can think of much better things to do right now."

"Yeah. I can think of better things too." He took my champagne out of my hand and set it down next to his own. "Much better." His arms came around my waist, pulling me close again, as his lips brushed against mine.

I moved my lips against his, wanting my dose of cinnamon and so much more. I bit his lower lip, and he groaned, opening up to me as I wrapped my arms around his neck.

The kiss deepened, and I slipped a hand under the front of his t-shirt, exploring the muscular planes of his chest as his hand glided across my stomach. I mentally willed his hand to move higher, and when my wishful thinking failed me, I used my own hand to show him that I wanted him to explore.

He didn't need much prodding. His hand found my breast, cupping it over my bra before moving over to the next. This time he slipped his hand under my bra, intensifying the sensation and making me need his touch more. His other hand moved up my skirt, a finger slipping under the elastic of my panties, but moving no farther. "We should stop."

"Yeah, too many windows," I joked. That late at night the windows weren't a problem.

He laughed, but then got serious. "I think our first time should be some place a little more private. We don't have to rush anything."

I wanted to argue that we didn't have to have sex, that I was more than happy to find other outlets of satisfaction, but I didn't like the way that would make me sound. We could handle waiting until we got back to one of our places if that's what he wanted. But was it what I wanted? Did I really want a guy who could hold off having sex with me because he didn't like our location?

His lips teased my neck one more time. "It won't be long."

Yes. I did want this guy despite his iron-clad resistance.

"This is a weird time to ask this, but I probably won't unless I do it now."

"What?" My mind, foggy from lust, tried to predict what he'd ask.

"I have a bit of a favor to ask of you."

"A favor?" Those words made me nervous. Favors usually weren't good things.

"I've been talking about you to my friends..." He didn't sound as happy about that statement as I would have hoped.

"Oh, is that a bad thing?"

"No. Of course not. But I may have made us sound more serious than we are."

"Oh."

"Maybe it was wishful thinking, but I can't shut up about you."

I bit back a smile. Colin was so cute sometimes. "So what's the favor?"

"I'm a groomsman in a wedding next weekend, and I'm supposed to bring you."

"Supposed to bring me?"

"Yeah, I understand if you don't want to go, but I'd like it if you did." He laced his fingers with mine. His breathing was normal, but the heated look in his eyes hadn't disappeared. I fought the urge to start kissing him again. For whatever reason, he wanted to take things slow, and as hard as it was, I was going to find a way to respect that.

"Where's the wedding?"

"Raleigh."

"Are you staying overnight?"

"I have a hotel for two nights."

"Oh." A hotel with Colin sounded appealing-especially at that moment. Meeting his friends and going to the wedding of people I didn't know didn't sound so great.

"But it's a suite with a bed and a pull-out couch. No expectations that we sleep together."

I guess that meant he wasn't taking me home with him. I tried to let the disappointment mitigate before answering. "You think that's why I'd say no?"

"No. I bet you have a hundred reasons to say no. But I'd love it if you said yes."

"This is next weekend?"

"Yes. I know it's late notice."

"I'll see if I can get off."

"Wait. Seriously? You'll go?"

"And you say I have bad self-image."

He laughed. "I was trying to keep my expectations reasonable."

"I can't promise anything until I talk to Max." Was I really agreeing that easily? Was I doing it for the hope of sex-or was I going because he wanted me to?

"Awesome. I'll make it a fun weekend."

"You're all about making things special, huh?"

He took my face in his hands. "Yes, when it comes to you."

Chapter Ten

Max had no problem giving me the weekend off. I took the afternoon shift on Friday, even though I knew the place would be dead, and I'd be lucky to make anything in tips.

Macon came by around three to keep me company. His job was as slow as mine now.

"You need to call your parents." Macon took his eyes off the tower of straws he was building.

"Why would I do that?"

"Because they're worried about you. I don't want them coming here to check on you."

"They're not coming here."

"You want to bet? I may have told them that you're living with a guy twice your age and making meth in the basement."

I could only stare at him. It had to be a joke.

"The funny part is your dad was more concerned about the guy than the drugs."

I checked to make sure Max wasn't around before spraying Macon in the face with the water. "You are something else."

"What the hell is up with you and getting me wet?" He wiped off his face with his t-shirt. "There are much more fun ways to do that."

"Please no sex jokes when we're talking about my dad."

"Yeah, yeah. You'd think after all these years your dad would get my sense of humor."

I groaned, taking a seat on a stool. "He's never going to get it."

"Just call them. They're your parents. They're harmless people, a little neurotic at times, but nice. You can't be that scared."

"That's what you think. They would never show you their scary side." I stared at the screen of my phone. The background photo was of my Labradoodle, Tiny. The name was a joke. Tiny was huge. He was also in Charlottesville with my parents.

"I'm calling, but I expect you to make an excuse to get me off the phone in five minutes."

He grinned. "Oh, I'll come up with an excuse."

"No meth or older men."

"How about younger men? You're kind of young to be a cougar, but maybe you're dating a college freshman or something."

"No younger boys either." I walked out from behind the bar. "But for the record, you couldn't pay me enough money to date a guy that young."

"We'll see if you're singing that tune when you're forty and bored out of your mind."

"Nope. Not going to happen. And if someone needs a drink, get me."

"Why? I can serve them."

"No, you can't."

"Fine. Ruin my fun." He fake pouted.

"I wouldn't worry. No one's going to order anything." I headed outside to the empty patio.

I played with my broken pink phone case before finally hitting the button for home.

"Maddy? Hi!" Mom answered with way too much relief and enthusiasm in her voice. Her greeting meant she thought I was calling to tell her I was coming home.

"Hi, Mom."

"How are you doing? We've been worried about you."

"I'm doing fine."

"Oh? Have you started packing? Dad's got a few research opportunities lined up for you. I know you're interested in medicine, but Dr. Anderson's neurology lab could use someone."

"I'm not coming home." The words flew out of my mouth far faster than I imagined they would.

"Excuse me?"

"I'm not coming home. I like it here. I'm staying."

"You're going to continue bartending at a dive bar rather than taking a job with Dr. Anderson?"

"Yes." I didn't bother to correct her on the whole dive bar thing. It sounded even more badass that way.

She sighed loudly. "You should talk to your father."

"Why? Is he going to say anything different than you?"

"No. You know we're always on the same side." She'd been saying the same thing since I was a kid. To their credit, my parents had one of those equal relationships.

"I'm staying here."

"Is it that man?"

"Macon was joking, Mom."

"Oh, thank God. I refused to believe my beautiful daughter would bother with someone like that."

"Of course not. I'd pick a sugar daddy who didn't mix drugs in his basement."

"Maddison!"

"Sorry." I chuckled. "Couldn't resist."

"I think you're spending too much time with Macon. But his zany behavior aside, he's a nice boy, and I still think the two of you would make a good couple."

"Not a chance, Mom. And if you thought that, why are you letting me live with him? What happened to 'no living with a man before marriage?'" I rested my elbows on the railing and watched the sound. I couldn't resist baiting her.

"Because I know you two aren't sleeping together. Moving on from Macon, is there someone else? Someone keeping you there?"

"No." I briefly thought of Colin, but he had nothing to do with me staying-or at least I wasn't going to admit to it yet.

"That was too fast of an answer. You're hiding something."

"Hey, Maddy, Cinnamon Boy is here."

I held my phone against my chest as I glared at Macon. "I said no boy excuses."

"This isn't an excuse. Colin's here."

"What? He's an hour early."

Colin walked out onto the patio still dressed for work in his shirt and tie. "Sorry. I got out of work early and thought I'd come by and give you a ride home. I don't mind waiting at your place if you need a few minutes to finish packing."

I put the phone back to my ear. "I have to go. Tell Dad I said hi."

"Packing? Where are you going? And with whom?" Whom? Only Mom used proper grammar when she talked.

"Just to a wedding, and it's with a friend. I have to go, Mom."

"I love you, Maddy. We miss you." I could hear the strain in her voice, she was hurting.

"Love you too." I quickly hung up before I could let guilt get me to make a promise about coming home I couldn't keep.

"Friend? I'm a friend?" Colin frowned. It didn't look good on him.

"My parents already think I'm staying here for a guy. There is no reason to fuel that fire."

"Why would it be bad if they thought so? You're twenty-two. They can't mind that you date."

Macon laughed. "They may think she's dating a middle-aged guy."

Colin spun on him. "And why would they think that?"

"I had to mess with them." Macon smirked. "I take it you don't need me to give you a ride, Maddy?"

"Nope. See you at home."

He walked inside casting a single glance back at me.

Colin leaned against the railing next to me. "Nice friends you have."

"That's just Macon."

"Did you set them straight? I'd prefer your parents didn't think I was some creeper taking advantage of their daughter."

"Why would they think it was you?" I realized how bad my words sounded as soon as they left my mouth. "I mean, they wouldn't just assume that."

"I get that you aren't ready to tell your parents we're dating. It's new." His expression didn't quite match his words, but I appreciated his attempt to make me feel better.

I pretended to believe him. "Okay, good." We walked inside so I could grab my stuff and clock out. I stopped by Max's office to say goodbye before we left.

Max looked up from his cluttered desk. "I'm glad you're giving it another shot. He seems like a nice boy."

"I think so too, but I'm taking it slow. Hopefully it will be a good weekend."

"If nothing else the weather is supposed to be nice."

"You checked the Raleigh weather?" I rested a hand on the door frame.

He shrugged. "I'm a big fan of The Weather Channel."

I laughed. "By the way, thanks again. I know this was supposed to be seasonal employment."

"Of course. You're a hard worker."

I smiled before meeting up with Colin at his car.

"What kind of attire do I need for the wedding? Is a sundress enough, or is it more formal?"

"You haven't even started packing yet?"

"No. I thought I'd have some time after work."

An unreadable expression crossed his face. "A sundress for the rehearsal dinner is probably good. Maybe something a bit dressier for the wedding, but only if you have it. I gave you no warning." He pulled in next to Macon's car outside of my place. "We could stop somewhere if you need to shop. My treat."

"Gee, Colin. I'd love to have you buy me clothes because I don't have anything acceptable to wear." I rolled my eyes as I got out of the car.

"I didn't mean it that way." He came up behind me, resting his chin on my shoulder. "I only mean I'd be happy to get you something new. It's harder for girls. Guys can get away with a blazer for almost any occasion."

"Sure, sure."

A few minutes later Colin sat on my bed while I searched through the dresses in my closet. It was funny having him in my room, like I was letting him into a more personal side of my life. I'd imagined his first time in my room would involve him in my bed, not just on it, but hopefully his second visit would involve the former.

"How's this?" I pulled out a simple, strapless, navy blue dress that cut up a little on one leg. It was classic yet a little sexy. I'd worn it to my sorority formal.

"Looks great to me. But I know you'd look good in anything."

"Does it meet your standards?" I said with exaggerated sarcasm.

"Come on. Does a guy offering to buy you a dress upset you that much?"

"No." I quickly selected a simple pink spaghetti strap sundress to put on for the rehearsal dinner. "It bothers me when it's done for the reason it was offered."

"I didn't mean anything by it." He looked so pitiful I decided to let him off the hook. My insecurities and my nerves about the wedding weekend were just as much to blame.

"I know." I sat back down next to him.

"Good." He cupped my face with his hand and left a light kiss on my lips. "Have I told how glad I am that you're coming with me?"

"Only every night this week."

He'd called every night before bed. I liked the sweet gesture.

"Well, I am."

"I get that, but I need to change."

"Oh. Do you want me to wait outside?" He started to get up.

"That's probably best." It felt weird to worry about changing in front of a guy I was dating. Usually, he'd have already seen me naked.

"All right." He kissed my cheek before leaving.

I quickly changed into a strapless bra-the black one that made me look like I had cle**age. I pulled out some casual clothes and hesitated when it came time for the pajamas. My initial thought was to pick out a cute cami and shorts set, but I was going to be spending the weekend in a hotel room with Colin. He wasn't moving fast, but wearing something sexy to move him in the right direction couldn't hurt. On the surface, he wanted it too, what with pulling me on his lap one night, and nearly removing my panties the next. I just wished I knew what was holding him back. The whole point of a fling was to have lots of sex. If we didn't start having it, I was going to have to begin classifying our relationship as something else entirely. I shook off the thought. I wasn't getting serious with Colin.

I didn't own much sexy lingerie that could double as nighttime attire, but I had a little satin nightie I'd never had the excuse to wear. It was black and really, really short. I may not have been blessed in the bust department, but I was given a nice set of legs. I learned early on that they were my best weapon-I mean, asset, when it came to getting a guy's attention.

I tossed the tiny piece of fabric into my suitcase along with my other clothes. I kept my navy dress on its hanger. I wanted to throw in a less revealing PJ option, but I didn't let myself. When push came to shove, I'd chicken out that way.

"You ready?" Colin stood up from the love seat he was sitting on when I walked out of my room. He took my dress and the handle of my suitcase from me.

"Yeah. I think so."

He checked out my outfit and smiled. "You look great."

"Thanks." I glanced down at my dress. The bra was doing its job.

"Bye, guys!" I called out as I walked to the door.

"Have fun," Brody called from his room.

Macon walked out of his. "Be good kids. And Colin?"

"Yes?" Colin asked with an annoyed sigh.

"Treat her well."

"I plan on it." He turned to the door.

I gave Macon a hug. "Way to threaten him."

"I told him to treat you well. There was no threat."

"It was implicit."

"If a guy is threatened at the thought of treating you well, you shouldn't be dating him."

"I'm not threatened by it."

Oops. I'd thought Colin was already out of earshot.

"Let's go." I walked out, shooting Macon a glare on our way out the door.

Colin stowed my bags in the back, and we got on the road.

"I'm sorry about Macon."

"I get that the guy cares about you, but what does he have against me?"

"Nothing. He's rooting for you."

"Really? He doesn't act that way."

"He is. He set me up on a blind date from hell just to make his point."

"Wait, he's the one who set you up with that married couple?"

"No. God no. That was all me being stupid. He just told a guy at the shop I liked everything I can't stand."

"Two bad dates? I guess it made me look good in comparison."

Didn't I know it. "Maybe a little."

He laughed. "I'm okay with it since it worked in my favor, but I hope you won't need to go on any more disaster dates to realize I'm worth your time."

"To realize it? You make it sound like a fact."

"It is. I am completely worth your time." His hand settled on my leg again. He kept it on top of the fabric of my dress, but if he moved it at all, it would be inching up my bare thigh.

Did he have any idea what that did to me? How much I wanted him to move his hand higher? "How many hours is this drive?"

"About three."

"Oh, that's not too bad."

"Not at all. Especially not with good company."

"I wish I had some then." I don't know why he brought out such a snide side of me, but the teasing insults rolled off my tongue. Maybe it was my sexual frustration rising to the surface, or spending too much time around Macon. I tended to blame a lot on the later.

"I'm going to let that one go."

"Sorry. You just make me say things like that."

"I guess we can twist this and say I bring out your sense of humor."

"Absolutely." I shifted in my seat to get comfortable. His hand moved slightly up my dress. He didn't move. "So what can I expect tonight?" I assumed he'd know I was talking about the rehearsal, but what I really wanted to know about involved our hotel room.

"The rehearsal itself should be pretty short. Dinner should be casual, but it's going to be big-way more than the wedding party."

"A lot of your friends from home?"

"And my family."

"Your family?"

"Yeah. It's my cousin's wedding."

"You never told me that." My chest clenched slightly as a thought hit me. "Your parents aren't going to be there, are they?"

"They will be. And unlike yours, they are not under the impression that we're just friends."

"Oh. Great." What the hell had I gotten myself into?

Chapter Eleven

Going as the date of someone in a wedding is never fun. It's especially bad when you don't know anyone else. I waited in the pleasant seventy degree weather as Colin went through the rehearsal.

Although technically in the Raleigh area, the wedding was in the countryside. The venue was beautiful, and though the gardens would have been even prettier in the spring, there was something simple and romantic about the carefully manicured grounds. After a few minutes of checking out the gardens, I gratefully found a stone bench to sit on. I'd settled on a pair of two-inch heels that looked cute, but left me begging for flip-flops.

I passed the time by watching the bride. She seemed more terrified than excited, constantly playing with her light brown hair. I hoped when, or if, I got married I'd at least be excited. Fear isn't a fun emotion.

"Fun night, huh?" A girl sat down on the garden bench next to me. Her reddish-brown hair was pulled up into a bun with several tendrils falling around her face. I wasn't sure if the tendrils were intentional, but it worked for her. If I hadn't recognized her, I might have complimented her, but I was in no mood for small talk with the girl I'd seen Colin with at the ice cream shop back at the beach.

"Tons of fun," I said as politely as possible, returning my gaze to the bride. Hopefully, she'd take the hint. The wedding weekend just got better.

"You're Maddy, aren't you?"

I turned to look at her again. "Yeah, how'd you know?"

She smiled so sweetly I felt a little bit of my jealousy slipping away. "My brother said he was bringing you, and you're the only one here I don't recognize who fits the description."

"Brother? You're Colin's sister?"

"I'm one of them. Our sister Kim couldn't make it."

"So that means you're Carly?" Relief flooded me. Relief I shouldn't have felt considering the newness of our relationship.

She leaned forward, resting her elbows on her knees. "So he has mentioned me."

"Yeah, he has."

"So? How are things with you guys? Colin's not the most talkative."

"Oh. They're going fine." I left it as vague as possible. Discussing our relationship with his little sister didn't seem like the best idea. I was also surprised Colin hadn't mentioned that his sister had been in town. I'd never asked him about the mystery girl, but why blame it all on work?

She sat back again. "Fine? That's a little disappointing."

"Things are going well."

"I know he's not the most romantic guy ever, but I can tell he's really into you. He wouldn't have invited you here if he wasn't."

"To be honest, I was surprised he did." It was often the girl pushing the guy to go to a wedding. Colin seemed intent on having me there though.

Carly moved her tiny lavender purse from her lap to the bench beside her. "I'm not."

"Why not? You said he doesn't talk about me much."

"No. I said he isn't talkative. You're a large portion of what he does talk about anymore."

"We haven't been dating long." Talk about an understatement.

"Really?" She pulled out her bun, shaking out her hair. Her long tresses fell down her back perfectly, reminding me of a shampoo commercial.

"Yeah, a few weeks."

"Oh. He started talking about you when I came to visit for Labor Day."

"Seriously? We'd only gone on two dates and then he never called me."

"That's so Colin."

"Is he usually hot and cold with girls?"

She didn't hesitate with her answer. "No. He's usually cold."

"You're not making a great case for him."

"What?" She appeared legitimately upset at the thought. "What does that have to do with him being a good guy for you?"

"Guys don't suddenly change. The last thing I want is a guy who gets bored."

"It's not that he gets bored, but that he isn't that into relationships. He's more concerned with work and life."

"How is that any different? Any better?"

"Because he never would have invited any of his other girlfriends to something like this."

"Girlfriend? I don't think we're on those terms yet."

She laughed. "You have a great sense of humor."

I decided not to correct her. There was no need to make things any more awkward than they already were.

She quickly changed the topic. "Do you want to get out of here? They're going to be a while, and this is seriously boring."

I glanced over at Colin. He was laughing and having a good time with his cousin and friends. "Sure, I'm guessing Colin won't mind."

"Are you kidding? He'll be relieved you found something fun to do." She grabbed my arm, and we walked back through the gardens toward the main hotel. No one seemed to notice our departure.

Styled as a French Tudor mansion, the hotel stood out on the landscape. I wondered when the building was constructed. Had it always been a hotel? Then I shook myself. We were on the search for alcohol, not architectural history.

Carly held open the door, and we walked into the lobby. The bar was off to one side and nearly empty. We easily found two stools.

"I never know what to order." Carly tapped her foot on the leg of the stool.

"Well, what do you like?" I couldn't deny a spark of excitement that came over me at her comment.

"That's the problem. I like fruity, sweet drinks, but I feel weird ordering them." She glanced at the cocktail menu, but I could tell she wasn't paying attention to the list.

"You don't have to feel weird. You should order what you like." If she knew half the weird drinks people ordered from me, she wouldn't be so concerned. I decided not to tell her about the sixty-year-old guy who ordered a blow job shot from me the night before. I wasn't sure who it was more awkward for.

She set down the menu. "I want to pick something more sophisticated."

"Sophisticated but still a little on the sweet side? Are you into tart?"

"I like tart. Do you have a suggestion? Is it possible to have both sophisticated and sweet?" She looked hopeful. She was kind of naive for twenty-one, but who was I to pass judgment?

"Sure...do you ever drink cosmos?"

"One of my friends gets them out a lot. Are they good?"

"I think you'll like it."

"Is that what you're going to get?" She tapped her French-manicured fingernails on the bar top.

"No, but that shouldn't stop you."

"Oh? What are you getting?"

"Probably just a Jack and Coke." Normally I'd hold off on the Coke, but I wanted the sugar.

"I always thought that was a guy drink." She flipped through the menu again.

I laughed. "A lot of men drink it, but I wouldn't call it a guy's drink."

"Maybe I'll get one too then."

"You sure? I think you should try a cosmo. I have a feeling it's perfect for you." I wanted to steer her away from the overly sweet drinks, and if prepared well, the lime juice usually did a good job of masking the vodka taste.

"All right. I'll trust you on it."

After a few minutes we were able to get the bartender's attention away from a football game he was watching on his phone. Despite his preoccupation with the game, he was quick to get our drinks once we ordered them. He was a guy in his mid-thirties with a deep tan, and a slight accent I couldn't place, but it was from somewhere up north. He smiled as he set down the drinks-a cosmo for Carly and my Jack and Coke. "Are you here for the wedding?"

I sipped my drink, trying to relax. "Yeah."

"Are you girls in the wedding party?"

"No, but her date is." I didn't miss the way Carly emphasized "date." It's like she was afraid I was going to leave her brother for this guy.

"Oh, yeah? That's never fun."

I nodded. "Definitely not."

As soon as the bartender walked off, Carly jumped back in to conversation. "What did you think of your room? I heard Colin got a suite."

"It's nice." I thought about the two-room suite. Colin made a big deal emphasizing how I got the bed and he'd sleep on the pull-out couch. I didn't get it. We'd have to sleep together eventually, right? Apparently I was his girlfriend already, didn't that imply sex?

"I made sure my room is super far from yours. I don't want to hear you guys."

I coughed on my drink. "I wouldn't worry about that."

"Why not? This is an old place. The walls are thin."

I looked at her half-full glass. Was she this open when she wasn't even drunk yet? "This is your brother we're talking about..."

"I know. That's why I didn't want a room next to yours."

I figured telling his sister we hadn't even slept together yet would be kind of weird, so I only smiled.

"I wish I had a date. I never have a date to these things."

"He'd just be bored."

"No, he wouldn't be if he were hanging out with us."

She seemed so convinced about it that I wondered if she had anyone in mind. "Are you dating anyone?"

"Nope. I can't seem to keep a decent relationship alive."

"You're still young."

"You're only a year older than me."

"Yeah, and I'm single."

"Umm, no, you're not."

"Oh yeah. Right." The response had come out automatically. "Like I said, Colin and I are new, we haven't crossed into real relationship territory."

"Does he know that? I get the feeling that you guys are on different pages."

"I don't see why we would be."

"Well, he doesn't think you guys are just hooking up if that's what you think it is."

"Uh, yeah, that's not it." That would involve us having sex.

"Wait a second." She grinned. "He hasn't sealed the deal yet, has he?"

"Sealed the deal?"

"Yeah. That's why you told me not to worry about having a room near yours. And that's why you don't consider you guys serious. You're the kind of girl who only considers a relationship serious if you're having sex." With that statement, our conversation went from strange to horribly uncomfortable.

"Can we not talk about this?"

"Why? It's just girl talk."

"Yeah, and we don't even know each other."

"We will. You're going to keep dating my brother."

"So you're suddenly confident?"

"Not suddenly." She finished off her cosmo. "You were right. I love this."

I smiled. "Good." I loved when I matched a drink right. After striking out on Lyle's so often, I was starting to doubt myself.

We ordered another round of drinks, and thankfully the conversation moved far away from my nonexistent sex life with Colin. We talked about how ready she was to be done with college, and how she had no idea what she wanted to do. It turned out we had more in common than I thought.

"Do you like bartending?" Carly attempted to retrieve the last few drops from her third cosmo.

I nursed my second drink. "It's entertaining and better than anything else I could be doing."

"Maybe I should try something like that. How'd you even know how to do it?"

"I took a bartending class with my friend senior year. I did it as a joke, but I realized it was more interesting than I thought. I originally planned to waitress at the restaurant I work at, but I make more money bartending."

"Cool." She tilted a little and almost fell off her stool. She steadied herself at the last second.

"Are you okay?"

Carly was drunk, and we only had twenty minutes before the rehearsal dinner.

"I'm great."

"You seem a little out of it." Great. I was going to meet Colin's parents after getting their daughter sloshed.

"Want to skip dinner?" She put a hand on my shoulder.

"I don't think we should." I tried to imagine explaining that one to Colin.

"Come on, do you want to suffer through it? We can blame it on me. Say I'm sick."

"And where do I come in? You're twenty-one years old. You don't need me to take care of you."

"I don't? I can't even walk straight." As if to prove her point, she got up. She grabbed my arm.

"You'll be fine once you get to your room."

"So do you want to go to this dinner, then?"

"Not particularly, but I suspect Colin wants me there."

"All right, I need to find some food and sober up. There's a great burger place down the block. Want to take me?"

"I don't have a car."

"You can drive mine." She pulled a set of car keys from her tight black skirt. I wasn't quite sure how they even fit in the pocket.

We'd obviously be late for the dinner, but I couldn't exactly leave Colin's sister hung out to dry. Thankfully, I'd never even hit the midpoint in my second drink and could still drive.

I quickly texted Colin, hoping the rehearsal was over and I wouldn't be interrupting.

Carly and I are going to be a little late for the dinner. See you there.

Carly? You're with my sister?

Yeah. I have to drive, so I'll see you soon.

Drive? Who's car? Where are you going?

Long story. Talk soon.

"Did you just check in with my brother?"

"I wanted him to know where we were."

She smiled. "You're sweet and thoughtful. Colin's lucky to have found you."

I smiled back and unlocked her Camry. I wasn't a fan of driving other people's cars. Every car drove differently, and it always took a while to adjust everything. Getting used to a new car was even worse when it was dark-and after two hours at the bar, the sun was gone. Carly and I were around the same height, so I didn't have to do much to adjust the mirrors or anything.

I pulled out of the spot.

Carly pointed to the exit. "Just turn right out of here."

I followed Carly's instructions, and five minutes later, we were pulling into the parking lot of what looked to be a hole in the wall. "Are you sure this is what you want?" I struggled to read the peeling letters from the old sign. I made out an 'r' and a 'y.' I gathered the place was called Roy's.

"Definitely. I'd take it over the fancy food they're serving at the rehearsal dinner any day."

I started to like Carly more. There was something so real about her that was refreshing. The fact that she talked about her brother's sex life aside, we could probably end up becoming good friends.

She walked right up to the counter to order. I waved her on when she asked if I wanted anything. She insisted on ordering me fries.

We settled across from each other in a booth. I sat there nibbling on some surprisingly good curly fries while she ate a cheeseburger. I was way too nervous about Carly's drunkenness, arriving late, and meeting Colin's parents to eat much.

When she left to use the restroom I texted Macon. I'm at a burger dive with Colin's plastered sister. Yay me.

I'm so proud of you, kid. You're growing up so fast.

Would this ever happen to anyone but me?

Probably not. You're just lucky like that. Have fun. ;)

Don't wink at me.

I'll wink at you all I want.

Are you going out with anyone tonight?

Yes. Mary.

I thought she liked Brody.

You thought wrong.

Be nice.

Would I ever be anything else?

Yes.

Go get more people drunk.

I will.

"Is that my brother?" Carly asked as she reached the table.

"Nope, my friend."

"Oh. You were kinda goofy smiling."

"He's a goofball."

"He?"

"Yes. My friend Macon."

"Where does he live?"

"With me."

"You live with a guy?" She sat back down.

"Actually, I live with two."

"Does Colin know?"

"Yeah..." Was she going to get judgmental on me?

"And he doesn't care? I would think he'd be jealous or something."

"Why would he be jealous? It's not like I'm sleeping with them."

"You're not sleeping with Colin either." She crumpled up the wrapper from her burger.

"And whose fault is that?" I clasped a hand over my mouth. "Forget I said that." I was getting a little too comfortable around Colin's sister.

She grinned. "I wish I had the nerve to live with guys."

"The nerve?"

"Yeah. I'd be all worried about how I looked all the time."

"Well, I've known Macon since we were babies, and Brody and I don't look at each other in any sort of romantic way, so I don't worry about it much."

"You can't walk around naked though."

"You walk around naked in front of girl roommates?"

She shrugged. "It's been known to happen."

"Mental note to never live with you." I couldn't help but smile.

She laughed. "Were you in a sorority?"

"Yeah, but I wasn't active. I didn't have time."

"My school doesn't do Greek, but I don't think I would have joined even if we did."

"Yeah, it just kind of happened for me."

"Colin wasn't in a frat."

"Yeah? It hasn't come up." I glanced at my watch. "We should go."

"All right, let's get this show on the road."

I easily found the hotel, but the lot was almost full. We ended up parking on the opposite side from the entrance. Once again, I regretted my choice of footwear.

"Do we just walk in? We're pretty late." I smoothed out my dress.

"I bet we can sneak in. Hopefully no one noticed us missing." Carly was delusional.

We hiked across the lot, through the lobby, and reached the dining room. Carly giggled the whole time, as though we were teenagers sneaking in after a night out.

"Hey, is everything okay?" Colin met us at the door of the dining room. Considering he was standing there as soon as we got there, he must have been watching for us.

Carly got serious. "Everything is fine, Colin. Your girlfriend and I were bonding."

Colin didn't blink at the g-word. "I'm sure you were. Are you drunk?"

I wanted to bury my head in my hands.

"Yeah. Maddy introduced me to cosmos. They're really strong but still taste good."

I jumped in to defend myself. "Uh, she only had a few."

"I can't help that I'm a lightweight."

"I'm sorry, Colin." I met his gaze. I'd apologized, but it wasn't my fault she insisted on ordering the third drink.

He laughed. "It's not your fault, Maddy. I'm glad you guys spent time together...or I think I am."

"I didn't embarrass you." Carly leaned on Colin's shoulder.

I noticed some people watching us and turned to Carly. "Do you want to go in, or should I walk you to your room?"

"You know what? Hold on." Colin walked back into the dinning room and returned with one of his friends. "Mark is going to walk you to your room, Carly. Maddy's staying with me." He put a hand on my hip in a way that gave me chills-the good kind.

"Great. See you later, Maddy." Carly smiled and I got the distinct impression she was thrilled about who was walking her back.

As soon as Carly disappeared, I turned back to Colin. "Sorry."

"Why do you keep apologizing? It's not your fault my little sister's a lush."

"She is twenty-one,"

"Yes, but she doesn't always act it. You, on the other hand, always act twenty-two."

"Oh yeah? Is that different than you acting twenty-six?"

"Completely." He leaned over to kiss me on the cheek. "Are you ready to meet my parents? They've been asking about you for the last hour."

"They have?"

"Yeah. They're curious who the mysterious Maddy really is."

"Mysterious, huh?"

"Very." He took my arm and led me over to a table full of people.

"Is this Maddy?"A blonde middle-aged woman asked excitedly. She was out of her seat and on the way over to us before Colin could answer. Was it his mom?

"Hi Mrs...." What if I was wrong and it wasn't his mom?

"Please, call me Miranda. It's so nice to finally meet the girl my son talks about so much."

Phew. Mystery solved. "Nice to meet you, Miranda. I'm Maddison."

"Maddison? Colin never told us what Maddy was short for." She cast a sidelong glance at her son.

He shrugged. "You never asked."

"Where's Carly?" Miranda looked around. "Didn't you say the girls were together?"

The girls? That was a rather informal way of describing us. I didn't even try to answer. I'd let Colin take that one.

Colin smiled at me before answering. "She went to lie down."

"To lie down? Is she drunk?" Miranda didn't sound particularly surprised, which made me wonder if this was a frequent behavior of Carly's and not as much my influence as I thought.

Colin put an arm around my shoulder. "Maybe a little."

"I'm sorry you had to witness that." Miranda shook her head.

"It's fine. She seems really nice." I didn't know Carly well, but I liked her enough that I wasn't going to throw her under the bus.

"So you two are getting along then?"

"Yeah. We just met tonight."

"Oh. I assumed Colin would have introduced you two when she visited. No wonder she wasn't forthcoming with any details."

I wanted to say "you and me both," but I kept that to myself. Something wasn't adding up for me. Why not introduce me to his sister, but invite me to a wedding to meet the whole family? If he was working that much, why was she visiting him?

"Unfortunately, I didn't get the chance." I'm not sure why I stepped in, but I didn't want to hear Colin's excuses in front of his mom. I'd get the truth from him when we were alone.

"Maddy just got here, so I want to make sure she gets something to eat." Colin deftly maneuvered me toward the buffet. "So that's my mom. I'm not sure where my dad is."

"That's fine. Meeting one parent tonight is plenty."

He laughed. "You're going to meet him."

I made a plate of chicken and some sort of pasta while Colin watched.

"I'm guessing you ate already?"

"Yes, but I'll obviously sit with you."

"I feel bad. I don't have to eat."

He placed a roll on my plate. "You have to eat."

"You've been around me enough to know I eat plenty. You don't have to worry about me wasting away."

"Yeah, but what kind of date would I be if I let you go without food?"

"I don't know...a normal one?"

"Please eat. For me."

"You don't have to beg me. I'm hungry. I'm just saying I can skip it if there's something else I should be doing."

"Nothing else right now." He led me back over to the table his mom was seated at. He pulled out a chair before I could.

I sat down and glanced around. Everyone else was busy talking, so I dug in.

"Hey, Colin. We need you." A girl I recognized as one of the bridesmaids came over.

Colin looked at me questioningly. "Do you mind? Hopefully, this won't take long."

"No. Go ahead." I groaned internally. Now what? I didn't even have Carly around.

"I'll be back soon." He kissed me on the cheek and got up. The bridesmaid didn't even glance at me.

I'd finished my meal before Colin's mother noticed me sitting there alone.

"Oh. Hi, Maddy. Where did Colin run off to?"

I took a sip of my water. "One of the bridesmaids said they needed him for something."

"Oh. Hopefully, he won't leave you waiting for long. But this gives us some time to chat." She turned in her chair so she could look at me better. "Colin mentioned you're working at a restaurant?"

"Yes. I bartend." Working at a restaurant? Was he that vague about it?

"But you graduated from college this spring?"

"Yes, UVA."

"That's right. What is your degree in?"

"Chemistry." I studied my lap. I wasn't interested in where the conversation was headed.

"Do you know what you want to do with it yet?"

"No. I'm still thinking."

"Oh. I suppose you have some time. Nothing wrong with that." Her expression and the tone of her voice were at complete odds with her words.

I decided to change the subject. "Carly's great. I'm glad I got a chance to meet her."

"I hope she isn't bothering you. She can be clingy sometimes."

Was this woman talking about her own daughter? "Not at all. We've had a nice time."

"Great."

Another middle-aged woman interrupted us, and I took it as my opportunity to leave. After a few attempts to get her attention, I left the table and started toward the doors.

"Hey, if it isn't my favorite bartender."

I looked up. Davis-that college guy who had hit on me the night I met Gabriel-grinned at me.

"Oh. Hi."

"Are you friends with Gray?" He referred to the groom.

"Nope. I'm here as someone's date." I glanced back toward the doors, more ready than ever to leave.

"Someone who can handle you?" His eyes twinkled, and he seemed to be over the rejection.

I'm sure I turned bright red. "Listen, just forget you saw me."

"No way." He touched my arm. "You're the first non-lame person I've seen tonight."

"Are you here for the bride?"

"Yeah, Dara is an old high school friend."

"Oh cool." I stared longingly at the exit.

"Where's your date?"

"I'm not sure. He's in the wedding party, so he got called away."

"So where are you headed?"

"To my room."

"Are you in the main building?"

"Yeah."

"I was going to hit up the hotel bar. I know this one's free," He gestured to the drink station, "but I need to get out of this room."

"Cool. Have fun."

"Want to join me? I mean, your date's not around anyway."

"Ah, I think I'm going to pass on that." This guy didn't give up.

"You sure?"

"Yeah."

"Let me give you my number in case you change your mind."

"Oh, I don't think so." I didn't know much about etiquette, but taking a guy's number when you were somewhere as the date to another guy didn't sound too up-and-up.

"Can I get yours?"

Was he serious? He didn't seem to be catching the drift. "Sorry, I don't think so."

"Oh, well, I guess I'll see you at the wedding then."

I walked out of the dining room and headed up to my room. I got to my door before making a distressing discovery. I didn't have a key. I'd meant to grab mine, but I never did. "No." I slunk down on the floor outside my room. Could the night get any worse?

That's when I remembered Carly mumbling her room number to Mark. I'd see if she was still up. I took the stairs down a floor, and stopped outside her door. I heard talking. I hesitated a moment, not sure if I should interrupt, but I was out of ideas and not willing to spend hours sitting in the hallway.

I knocked.

"Maddy, hey!" Carly wrapped her arms around my neck when she opened the door.

I laughed. "Nice to see you, too." I looked over her shoulder and noticed that Mark and another guy were sitting on her bed. They each had a flask, and I was pretty much positive Carly had been drinking more.

"Hey, Maddy." I'd briefly met Mark before the rehearsal. He was an usher, and if I interpreted it right, also a childhood friend of Colin's.

I didn't remember meeting the other guy, and he smiled in greeting. "Hey, I'm Jamie."

"Hi Jamie." I smiled slightly before turning my attention back to Carly. "Sorry to, uh, crash this party, but I didn't have a room key, and I don't know where your brother is."

"Brother?" Jamie asked. "Are you here with Colin?"

"Yeah."

"Oh. I didn't know he had a girlfriend."

"Neither did I." And even if he did, he might not after tonight. His fault or not, I was frustrated that he'd invited me to an event and then ditched me. He should have come alone.

"Colin didn't say where he was going?" Mark asked.

"Nope. One of the bridesmaids called him away. I waited awhile, but then I decided to leave."

"Aww, that's awful. What a prick." Carly grabbed Mark's flask and downed some.

"I just wish I had a key..."

"You could probably get one from the desk," Jamie suggested.

"I don't know if I'm listed on the room. My invitation was pretty last minute."

"Oh. That sucks."

"Just stay here." Carly sat down at the top of her bed and patted the space next to her. "We're about to order a movie."

"A movie? What kind?"

"Oh, you know, something p**n ographic," Mark said with a straight face.

"Seriously? You guys are going to order a p**n o?"

"Yeah? Is that a problem?" Jamie let a smile slip.

"I'm not sure if you're joking or not, but I think I'll pass."

Jamie smirked. "You're not drunk enough."

"I'm not drunk at all."

"I'll remedy that."

"With what? Whatever is in your flask? What is this, high school?"

He tossed me his flask. "Just have some."

I shrugged, trying to push aside thoughts of mono and took a sip. It burned a little going down. "Everclear?"

He laughed. "That was fast."

"Maddy's a bartender. She knows this stuff." Carly put an arm around my shoulder.

"I'll go get the bottle." Mark took off, leaving the latch out so the door didn't lock. He returned minutes later, his room must have been close. While he was gone, Jamie ordered a movie-a p**n o called Eruptions.

"So now on top of getting Colin's little sister drunk, I'm going to sit back while she watches p**n with his friends. Fantastic."

Jamie laughed. "What does it matter? You're not even sure you're his girlfriend, right? Besides, this one's a classic."

I sighed. "This is why you never agree to go to weddings with people."

I started to get up, but Carly put a hand on my arm to stop me. "Where are you going?"

"I don't know. Somewhere."

"Why?"

"As much fun as this is, I'd rather get out of here."

"She wants to hunt down Colin to get him in bed, I bet." Mark must have been drunk. That wasn't the kind of thing you said to a girl you didn't really know-who was dating your friend.

"She's never slept with him." Carly giggled.

"Carly!"

"Sorry! It just came out."

"That's more of a reason for you to stay." Jamie grinned. "If you're not getting some, you're more in need of the p**n ."

I glared at him. "I don't care about your opinion on this subject."

My phone vibrated in my purse. I hoped it was something to get me out of that mess.

I glanced at the screen. Where are you? I'm so sorry.

"Is that Colin?" Carly asked.

I nodded before replying. Can I meet up with you and get the room key?

Where are you? I'll meet you at the room if you want.

I'm with Carly. Be there in a few.

While I texted, Mark refilled his flask.

"I'm going to go."

"Fine." Carly pouted.

"Have fun with your movie." I started to walk out, then realized what I almost did. Leaving Colin's drunk little sister to watch p**n with two guys...yeah, not happening.

"Wait. You guys both out." I pointed to the door.

"What?"

"I'm not leaving you guys in here."

"Why not?" Mark asked.

"Because if I was drunk I wouldn't want my friend to leave me with two guys to watch a p**n o."

"But you live with two guys," Carly started.

Mark and Jamie turned to look at me.

"We don't watch p**n , and we don't live in a hotel. Out, or I call Colin."

"I think we're leaving. See ya, Carly." Mark hightailed it out.

"I'll leave, but at least watch the movie. We already paid for it." Jamie winked before walking out of the room.

I smiled at Carly apologetically. "Sorry to ruin your fun."

"It's okay. I wanted to hook up with Mark, but that wasn't going to happen with Jamie here anyway."

I laughed. "Yeah, probably not." I had no idea what Mark would or would not have done with Jamie around, and I didn't want to find out.

"Tell Colin I said 'hi.'"

"Will do. Good night." Satisfied that I'd protected Carly's virtue for the night, I headed upstairs to do exactly the opposite with whatever was left of mine.

Chapter Twelve

"How much do you hate me?" Colin leaned against our door waiting for me.

"Somewhere between a little and a lot." The night hadn't been a total disaster, just awkward on several levels.

"I'm sorry." He wrapped his hand around my wrist. "Does that count for something?"

"I'm not sure yet. It depends on your explanation."

"I have a good one."

"Then spill it."

He inserted his key into the door, waiting for the light to turn green before turning the door handle. There is something about watching a guy do that that makes you feel kind of naughty. It's like no matter how old you are, walking into a hotel room with someone means one thing-sex. This is especially true late at night when you've both had at least one drink.

"So what's your excuse?" I dropped my purse on the desk chair and sat down on the couch that would be Colin's bed for the night.

"Gray got cold feet."

"What? The night before the wedding?"

"Yeah. He was freaking out and threatening to call off the wedding."

"He wasn't stupid enough to tell Dara that, right?"

Colin looked uncomfortable. "Yeah, he was."

"Oh shit." The curse flew out of my mouth.

"Yeah, needless to say there was a mess to clean up." He sat down next to me.

"How'd it end? Is there still a wedding?"

"I left the bride and groom kissing in the hotel lobby. I think it's going to be okay."

"Wow. She forgave him?"

"I think she was nervous too." He slumped down a little on the couch so he could lean his head back. "I'm just glad that's over."

"Yeah. I bet." I ran a finger over his hand.

He shifted, pulling his leg up on the couch so he could look at me. "But back to my original question. How much do you hate me?"

"I don't. Getting ditched wasn't fun, but I survived."

"Good. I don't want you mad at me."

"I think your sister might be mad at me tomorrow."

"Why?"

"I kicked her friends out of her room."

He slipped off his shoes and removed his tie. Watching him make himself comfortable like that was a new experience. "Was there a particular reason for it?"

I didn't want to get in the middle of anything, and I owed it to Carly to let her deal with it herself first. "I'll let her tell you. It's enough to say she's alone in her bed sleeping. She might not feel great in the morning though."

He shrugged. "It won't be the first time."

I needed to move the conversation off his sister. "On a positive note, the food was good tonight."

"It was, wasn't it?"

"Hopefully, that means the food will be good tomorrow."

"It should be. And as long as the bride and groom don't fight again, it will be a nice wedding."

"If I ever get married, I really hope I'm not fighting with my fiance the night before."

"That's why I'm all about eloping. All the fun without taking the time to consider the long-term ramifications of your union."

I laughed. "You are such a romantic, Colin."

"I am more than you think." He stood up as though he suddenly had somewhere to be.

I did the same. I figured he wanted to sleep, and I needed to move if he wanted to.

He took off his watch, setting it on the desk. "I promise not to ditch you tomorrow."

"Don't make promises you can't keep. You'll have to ditch me for most of the day."

"No, the wedding isn't until the afternoon. We have all morning and then we'll hang out the whole reception."

"We'll see what happens." I smiled. "Either way, save me a dance at the reception." I walked toward the bathroom.

I listened to him set up his pull-out bed while I unpacked my toiletries. He was lying on his bed when I came out, still dressed. "Sleep well, Maddy."

Sleep well, Maddy? Was that all he had?

I attempted to dial down my disappointment. "Same to you. Good night." I walked into my room, closing the door behind me.

I held up the tiny nightie, regretting the choice of sleep attire. Clearly, he wasn't interested in what I had to offer in that department, which made me wonder why he invited me in the first place. Maybe making out and groping was all he wanted. The last time a guy had settled for that without pushing for more from me was middle school.

"Don't give up," I sighed, slipping into the all too skimpy satin before getting under the sheets. Only after getting my pillows situated I realized I'd forgotten to turn off the lamp on the other side of the room. I took it as a sign that I needed to get out of bed again eventually. I closed my eyes for a moment before opening them.

I stared at the white door. Colin was on the other side, and I was dying to know what he slept in. Was this all because he was too much of a gentleman? Or was he not interested? The latter seemed more and more likely as I struggled to come up with a conceivable excuse to leave the room. The only good one was the bathroom, but if I wasted it, I wouldn't have it when I really needed to go.

Ten minutes later I'd convinced myself I needed to use the bathroom. I got out of bed and tentatively opened the door. I looked over at him, he was sleeping, but he'd left a lamp on. I appreciated the light as I made my way toward the ajar door. I finished up quickly, taking a minute to check out my appearance after washing my hands. I tousled my hair and tugged down on my way-too-short nightie. Maybe by some luck Colin would wake up and see what he was missing.

He looked too good. The sheet only came up to his waist, and the way the light fell on him accentuated his toned body. I stared at him without watching where I was going. I knocked over a lamp.

"Maddy?" Colin sat up, the sheet slipping off him in the process. Boxer briefs. He slept in boxer briefs. They were blue ones that looked incredible against his tan skin.

"Hey, sorry for waking you up."

"Don't say sorry." His eyes widened as they moved up and down my body.

"Okay." I refused to give in to the urge to cross my arms. The whole purpose was to let him look. I wouldn't undermine myself.

"Can I ask you something?" He stood up, giving me an even better view.

My eyes didn't know where to settle. I forced them up to his face. His eyes weren't on my face. "Yeah."

"Do you usually sleep in things like that, or did you wear it for me?" His voice was gravely, low, and far sexier than I ever imagined it would sound.

My stomach dropped in a mix of nerves and excitement. "I wore it for you." This wasn't the time to be bashful.

"God, I was hoping you'd say that."

"I was hoping you'd like it."

"Like isn't a strong enough word." He closed the distance between us. "You're always sexy, but this takes it to a whole new level." One of his hands slid up my leg, while he cradled the back of my head with his other.

"I can say the same about you."

He leaned in and kissed me, his lips smashing into mine. His tongue demanded entry, and I eagerly welcomed it. I'd get my cinnamon fix, and I'd get much more this time. His hands moved over me roughly, his usual gentle touch was replaced by something much more primal.

I broke the kiss long enough to get out a few words. "You might be more comfortable sleeping in the bedroom."

"Yeah, I was thinking the same thing."

He picked me up, letting his hands move under my nightie in the process. He carried me into the bedroom, and slowly lowered me down on the bed. He followed behind, holding his weight above me as he stroked my stomach with one hand. I reached up and pulled his head down to mine again, needing another kiss. I got lost in his taste, letting the kiss get frenzied. I pulled the rest of his body down, loving the way his full weight felt on top of me. His hand moved up, cupping a breast. I moaned, pushing up against him.

He groaned. "I'll be right back."

I started to protest, but he returned with his wallet.

"Are you planning to pay me, or is there a condom in there?"

He laughed as he returned his hands to me. "I think I tip you enough at the Grille."

"True."

"I've been waiting to see you naked from the moment I met you." He slipped the straps halfway down my arms.

"Yeah? You have a funny way of showing it."

He slowly slipped the fabric down farther, exposing my br**sts.

He inhaled. "And it was totally worth the wait."

I watched him, refusing to miss a moment of his reaction. There is something incredible about watching a man's face when he sees you for the first time. It's a total self-esteem boost, especially when they look at you the way Colin looked at me. I pushed aside the self-conscious thoughts that always plagued me in those kinds of moments-he seemed happy with what he was seeing.

He continued to undress me, pushing the satin over my hips slowly, like he didn't want to rush a moment. His attentiveness was hot, and I reached out to touch his chest. It was toned, hard, and unbelievably appealing.

Left only in a pair of black silk panties, I let him look at me. "Did you wear those for me too? I always imagined you were a cotton kind of girl."

"I like sexy lingerie." I did.

"Yeah? You are full of surprises."

"I aim to please." I closed my mouth, realizing how that sounded. I supposed considering my position, it didn't matter.

He chuckled. "You and me both." He kissed my neck, before his lips traveled down to my breast. He took a breast in his mouth while he fondled the other.

I reached my hand into his briefs so I could grab him.

He groaned again. "Tonight is turning out so much better than I expected."

"You didn't expect anything when you invited me to spend the weekend in a hotel room with you?"

"I tried to give you your own room."

"I appreciate the gentleman act, but it's time to lose it."

"Yeah? I know of a few ways to do that."

I ran a hand down his chest. "Something tells me I'm going to enjoy finding out what those are."

"You will. I'll make sure of it." His lips moved down from my br**sts.

I exhaled sharply. "Good, but Colin?"

"Yeah?"

"I want you now."

"You'll want me even more later."

I did. Twenty minutes later I was begging to have him.

He didn't make me wait any longer. He bit down on my lip as he thrust into me, and the combination of sensations drove me wild. I dug my nails into his back.

"You feel so good, Maddy." He breathed the words into my ear, as I struggled to keep my eyes open. I wanted to close them and slip into the ecstasy he was giving me, but I needed to see his face. I needed to see that he was into it as much as I was.

He wasn't gentle, but he wasn't rough. It was the perfect medium that we both needed. I reached my climax, finally giving in and closing my eyes to enjoy it. He found his release and stayed on top of me. Once again I enjoyed the feel. Sweaty and exhausted, we separated when he rolled on his side next to me.

Eventually, I regained speech. I hadn't had sex that good in...well, never. "That was worth waiting for."

"Yeah? I agree. Better than lighthouse sex would have been."

"You think?"

"Yeah. I wanted things traditional the first time, and I didn't want it to be too early on. I needed to know you were into us."

"And I somehow convinced you of that?" I rested my head on his chest.

"You came to this wedding and hung out with my sister. You get this isn't a fling.

"We couldn't have sex if it was a fling?"

"We could, and it would be fun, but it's not what I'm looking for."

"Oh?"

"No. I knew there was something real between us, tonight proved it."

"Does this mean we get to have sex a lot then?" Waiting had been hard, but now that I knew how good it could be, I wanted more.

He laughed. "Yeah. How about now?"

"Now? You can't be ready for more yet."

"Oh yeah?" He moved my hand down from where it rested on his chest.

"Um, okay, I guess I believe you."

"In that case. Want to be on top this time?"

Without bothering with words, I moved out of his arms and climbed on top of him.

***

"Morning." Colin placed tiny kisses all the way down my body as I tried to wake up.

I fought through the haze, remembering little details from the night before. We'd barely slept, and I didn't mind at all. "I don't remember ordering a wake-up call."

He removed his lips from their descent long enough to respond. "You don't have to order it."

"Mmm, if I have to wake up, this is the way to do it."

"I'm glad you think so." He kissed my lips gently, wrapping me in his arms.

"That was an interesting night."

"Interesting? I'd probably describe it as mind-blowingly good."

"Oh yeah? I didn't know 'mind-blowingly' was a word."

"If it isn't, it should be."

I laughed. "You're cute in the morning."

"You're cute when you're naked."

I pulled the sheet up higher. "Only cute?"

"Gorgeous," he whispered, his breath warm on my ear.

"I'm glad I knocked over that lamp."

"It saved me from making up an excuse to come in here."

"Like you would have done that."

"Oh I would have. I was brainstorming when you came out."

"You were sleeping when I came out."

"Not at all. How could I sleep knowing you were in the next room? If I'd known what you were wearing... Forget it, I would have been in bed with you, excuse or not."

"Is that so?"

"Uh-huh."

"What excuse had you come up with when I came out?"

"Some great ones. I needed to remind you to set an alarm." He ran a hand through my hair. "I wanted to see if you were cold, because I'd turned the AC up. My personal favorite was that I wanted to see if you'd mind if I left the TV on."

"But the TV was off."

"Exactly. It would have been pretty lame, huh?"

"I wouldn't have minded once I figured out what you were up to."

He laughed. "At least we can forget about excuses tonight."

"Oh yeah, we have another whole night." I snuggled into him.

"But Maddy."

"Yeah?"

"The morning isn't over yet."

"It isn't, is it?" I let my hands roam his body, and his lips moved to my neck. "Do you think we can make the morning better than last night?"

"I'm not sure, but there's only one way to find out."

"Luckily, it's a really fun way." I closed my eyes as Colin's hand moved between my legs.

Chapter Thirteen

"What a beautiful ceremony," Carly sniffled as we watched the bride and groom share their first kiss as husband and wife.

I glanced at her. "Are you crying?"

"Yes. Do you have a problem with that?"

"No..." Wow. Was this the same girl getting wasted in her hotel room the night before?

"Good." She clasped her hands together as the justice announced the couple.

Colin winked at me as he walked back down the aisle with a bridesmaid on his arm. I wondered if the night before-and morning-were running through his head the way they were running through mine. He had to have been at least twenty minutes late to meet his friends. He couldn't drag himself out of bed. I was kind of proud of myself for having the effect on him. Or okay, very proud.

"You two are kind of cute." Carly linked her arm with mine as we moved with the crowd toward the reception.

"Colin and I?"

"Yeah. I don't want a single detail, but you two obviously had a busy night."

"How'd you know?"

"You're glowing and Colin winked." She pulled me through an opening in the crowd. "Colin doesn't wink."

I laughed. "Good to know I'm glowing."

"And that's it for that conversation. I don't want to hear another word more."

"You're the one who brought it up."

"I know, but I'm sure you want to dish, and I'm not the girl to dish to."

"I wasn't planning on it." Kissing and telling wasn't my thing. I avoided gossip like the plague. And telling his sister? Gross.

We each grabbed a champagne flute and watched the champagne toast. The happy couple each held out their own flutes for the other to drink. The action was sickeningly cute, especially considering the information I had. See, that's why gossip sucks. It ruins even the nicest moments. I suppose instead I could have viewed it as even cuter, because it showed that they'd gotten over their differences-or not. Maybe this was one of those marriages fated to last about a month.

The cocktail hour was outside, and we searched for an empty table to hang out at. Evidently, the bride loved peach, because that color was everywhere: on the tablecloths, the flowers, and on fabric strung across the outdoor patio. Most of the peach-covered tables were already half full, and Carly must have felt as antisocial as I did because she didn't move to take a seat at any of them.

We were about to settle for a high-top table without chairs when we were blocked in our path.

"Hello, Carly. Who's your friend?" The older man watching us with interest had to be family. He had the same intense hazel eyes as Colin.

"Maddy was actually Colin's friend first, but you know me. I just love stealing things." She challenged the man with her gaze.

"Maddy? You're Colin's Maddy?" The man's eyes moved to me, completely ignoring Carly's comment.

Why did people talk that way? It made it sound like you only existed as your significant other's other half.

"Yes, I'm here as Colin's date."

He studied me for a moment before holding out a hand. "It's a pleasure to meet you, Maddy. I'm Colin's father, George." His father. I wondered if that was how Colin would look in thirty years. He was in great shape.

"Hi." I wasn't surprised to learn of their father-son relationship, but I was surprised he was so cold with his own daughter.

"Are you enjoying yourself so far? I know Colin is so glad you could join him."

I was positive he had no clue how Colin felt about it. I was surprised he'd even heard of me. My guess was they weren't particularly close.

"There you are, George." Miranda put a hand on her husband's shoulder. "Well, hello again, Maddy. You left before we had a chance to talk more last night."

If I wasn't imagining things, there was an edge to her voice. Did she have a problem with me leaving? I shrugged off my annoyance when I realized she was ignoring her daughter. What was wrong with these people?

"I was about to tell your husband how I'm having a lovely time thanks to your daughter." If Colin's parents were going to play that game, I'd play it even harder.

"Oh. How nice." The anger in her words was undeniable.

That was it. There was seriously something going on there. I knew this wasn't the place to find out. "Nice meeting you." I smiled before taking Carly's arm and walking away.

"Aren't my parents the greatest?" she said sarcastically as soon as we were out of earshot.

"And I thought mine were bad."

"I'm sure they don't compare to mine." She downed the rest of her champagne.

I wanted to know what the hell was going on, but I forced myself to keep my mouth shut. "Let's get some appetizers. They're always better than the rest of the food."

"I agree. I mean, what does filet mignon have on coconut shrimp and mini crab cakes?"

"Exactly. And the cake is never even good."

Carly popped up on her toes. "I know! At my wedding I'm having all appetizers and non-wedding cake desserts."

"That's a great idea. Do you mind if I steal it when I get married?"

"No, I think it should be the new thing. We should start the trend." She laughed.

"Exactly. It could be the next big thing." I happily accepted a stuffed mushroom from a server.

"I think I found our calling. We should open our own event planning business. We obviously have good taste."

I laughed. "And I also have the bartending expertise."

"What should we call it?"

"Mad C Events."

"Haha, I like it."

"Why does it look like you two are plotting something?" Colin slipped an arm around my waist.

I leaned into him. "Because we are."

"Does it involve me?"

"Why would it involve you? You are not the center of the universe, Colin." Carly leaned over and tousled his hair.

"I am what you two have in common."

"Because that's not conceited. We have a lot more than you in common." I slipped out of his arm.

"Oh yeah? I'm listening."

"We're both cool." The way Carly said it made me break into a fit of giggles. That somehow got Carly laughing too.

Colin stood there watching us like we had two heads. "Okay... How much have you girls had to drink so far?"

"Just a glass of champagne each." I held up my empty flute.

"I know who I should be hanging out with then. You two know how to have a good time."

"Did you doubt that?" Carly asked.

"He shouldn't have."

Colin shook his head. "Okay. No way. This is not happening."

"What isn't?" Carly and I said in unison. This got us laughing again.

"That. This. You guys can't be friends."

"Umm, why not?" I put a hand on my hip.

"Because then you'll gang up on me or something. I don't like it."

I glared at him. "You had better be kidding."

"I am...kind of. It makes me nervous."

"That's not a bad thing. It will keep him on his toes, Mad."

"Good point, C."

"Mad? C? You have nicknames for each other?"

"It comes from the name of our new company," I explained with the straightest face I could muster.

Colin groaned. "I don't want to know what kind of business this is, do I?"

"Just an event planning one. Nothing to worry about."

"Event planning?"

"Yes, and if you want to contribute the initial capital, you can get in on it." Carly held out her hand like she was waiting for him to give her money.

"All of this sounds great and all, but can I borrow your business partner, Carly? I want to introduce her to some more people."

"Sure, sure. I see how it is." Carly did a combination of rolling her eyes and shaking her head that had me laughing again.

I waved goodbye to Carly as Colin led me away. "Your sister's really cool."

"I know. I'm glad you two hit it off. She could use a friend right now."

"I kind of had a feeling something was going on."

"Yeah, it's been a rough month or so." He didn't elaborate, and it only left me wanting to know more.

"I'll have to get her number from you."

"Sure, I bet she'll ask for yours." He led me over to a group of guys. I recognized Mark and Jamie from the night before.

"And we meet again." Jamie smiled.

"You guys have met?" Colin looked between us.

"Yes, I kicked him out of your sister's room last night."

"Oh." Colin stiffened. Damn it. Why had I said that?

"It wasn't a big deal," Mark quickly jumped in. "We were just hanging out."

"You were there too?"

"Yeah. I walked Carly back, remember?"

"And that meant you had to stay?"

I could tell Colin was getting angry, and he probably had the right to, but I also noticed his parents watching us. I didn't want them listening in. "Didn't you say you wanted me to meet someone?" I asked him, hoping he hadn't meant his friends.

"Oh yeah." He took my hand. "See you, guys."

"You're going to have to explain what all of that was about," he said quietly as we walked across the lawn.

"Maybe I will when you explain why you didn't introduce me to Carly when she was in town."

"It's not a big deal."

"Neither is this." I wasn't sure if that was true or not, but I wasn't exactly thrilled at the idea of ratting out Carly.

"Fine. Let's drop it for now." He took my hand as we stopped in front of an older woman sitting at a table in the shade.

"Grandma, this is Maddy." Colin pulled out two chairs across from her.

I took one of the seats. "Pleasure to meet you." Was meeting his parents not enough? Now I had to meet his grandmother?

"Oh, she's lovely."

She spoke to Colin like I wasn't there.

"She is, isn't she?" Colin beamed, putting an arm around me.

"When are you due?" The woman turned her attention to me.

"Excuse me?"

"When's your due date?"

Colin exhaled sharply. "Grandma, Maddy isn't pregnant."

"Sure she is, your mom told me all about it."

"I don't see why she would, because it isn't true."

"Wait, that's right. Aarron is the one who knocked up the girl."

Colin and I glanced at each other. His expression was equal part worried that I was going to flip out over his grandmother's mistake, and shocked that he just found out his other cousin's girlfriend was pregnant. He made a quick excuse for us, and we walked off.

"Sorry about that."

"You've been apologizing a lot this weekend."

"I know I have been. I've had a lot of reasons to do it."

"Why not try to change that?"

"I will. It looks like the cocktail hour is almost over. It's about time for me to give you that dance I promised you."

"Sounds good to me."

Colin could dance better than I expected. Once again, I'd underestimated him. I assumed he would be tentative on the dance floor, but it turned out he was confident and even daring. He had me laughing and grinning so much my face hurt. We only stopped dancing to eat and to happily head back to our room. This time Colin didn't bother with the pull-out couch.

Chapter Fourteen

I rolled over, disappointed to find empty sheets next to me. It was Monday morning, and against my better judgment I'd spent Sunday night at Colin's place. He'd looked so darn sexy when he asked me, and I was kind of afraid the magic of the weekend would wear off now that we were back home. Despite the downs of the weekend, I'd had a good time. Saturday night had been even better than Friday, and Sunday night, although less frenzied, had been equally as satisfying.

I felt around on the nightstand for my glasses, surprised that the clock only read seven thirty. Had Colin left for work already?

I sat up, holding the sheet to cover myself, even though there was no one there to see me. I felt around on the floor, glad to find my clothes exactly where I'd left them.

Dressed, I checked out his amazing bathroom again. At least three times the size of my current bedroom, it was huge. At some point I'd have to check out the giant shower-and the soaking tub. Hopefully, I'd have to the chance to do both with Colin, that is if I ever found him.

I walked downstairs, calling out Colin's name as I went. I didn't get a response, but I did find a note scrawled on the back of one of his business cards and a twenty-dollar bill.

Had a great time. I didn't want to wake you up.

There was only one logical explanation for the twenty dollars-it had to be cab fare, but there was no way I was going to let him get away with it.

I pulled my phone out and texted him. Twenty dollars? Do you really think that covers what we did last night?

I left the money on the counter and walked outside. He hadn't left a key, so I figured he just wanted me to close the door behind me. I wondered what his company would think if they knew he was doing that.

I knew the walk home would be long, but it sounded much more appealing than taking a cab. The weather was still warm in late September, but the early hour made it a pleasant walk. I was twenty minutes in when my phone rang.

"Why hello."

"It's cab money, Maddy. Please tell me you're joking and didn't actually think it was something else." The panic in his voice was comical.

"Considering I didn't get any compensation for the weekend, I figured you knew I wasn't a prostitute."

"Maddy!"

"What? You're the one who left me a note with money thanking me for a great night."

"I didn't thank you. I just noted how good a time I had."

"Very big difference."

He sighed. "Next time please keep your jokes to my voicemail."

"Why?" I suddenly felt some panic of my own. "Did someone else read it?"

"Yeah, someone I work with."

"Lovely."

"Lovely isn't exactly the word I used. I had to explain that my girlfriend has an interesting sense of humor."

"Girlfriend, is it?"

"Yes. Do you have a problem with me using that term?"

"Not exactly, but we never discussed it."

"Discussed it? What is this, eighth grade? Listen, I have to go. I'll stop by to visit you at work tonight."

"Don't worry about it. I'll see you another night."

"I thought you're working every night this week to make up for taking the weekend off?"

"I am."

"So your plan was to wait a week to see me again? I'll be lucky if I make it through today." His voice softened. "I miss you already."

I felt the same way, but it seemed way too sappy to admit it. "All right, I guess I'll see you later then."

A car sped by with the windows down. An unidentifiable pop song blared from the windows.

"Wait. Where are you?" he asked suspiciously.

"I'm about halfway home."

"Halfway home. You're walking? Didn't this whole conversation start out because I left you cab money? I didn't want you walking home, Maddy."

"I don't mind the walk. Use the twenty for something more useful."

"Yeah, something really useful-I'll use it to over-tip that bartender I'm sleeping with."

"See now you're back to the insinuation we started with. You can't use 'tipping' and 'sleeping with' in the same sentence."

"Will you text me when you get home?"

"Very funny. It's broad daylight."

"On a busy road. Please just text me. I feel bad enough about not driving you home myself."

"I guess this means you won't be inviting me to stay over on weekdays again."

"Oh, I will be. I'll just have to come up with a better solution."

"Don't you need to get back to work?"

"Unfortunately, yes. Have a great day, Maddy."

"You too."

I slipped my phone back in my bag. I was walking up the outdoor stairs when I realized I'd left my suitcase at Colin's place. I texted him as soon as I pushed open the door. I'm alive. Please bring my suitcase by tonight if you can. XOXO Maddy.

He didn't write back at first, so I made myself a cup of green tea and poured myself a bowl of Cinnamon Toast Crunch. Macon had picked it up as a joke-and it sounded perfect.

I was washing off my dish when Colin texted back. Glad you're alive. There's no reason to bring over your suitcase. You can bring it when I drop you off tomorrow morning. ;)

Did you just wink at me?

Yes.

Go back to work.

You are much bossier by text.

Maybe if you actually do work now, I'll see you later.

I'll find a way to see you anyway, but you're right.

I laughed. Colin passed the first test of dating me. He had a sense of humor.

***

"Do you want to go diving tomorrow?" Macon surprised me by coming by work on a Monday night. The only guaranteed visit was on Thursdays, but he never came so early in the week.

"Sure. I don't have anything else going on."

"Will you be home at seven thirty, or..."

"Yes. I'll be home." I was glad I'd worn my glasses home from Colin's. Thanks to extra contacts, I didn't need my stuff back right away.

"Cool. Not that I care where you sleep, but I haven't seen you in days."

"Is that why you're here? Checking on me?"

Macon smiled. "Just saying hello to my long lost friend."

"It was only a weekend."

"A weekend and a Sunday night. Traditionally, a weekend away involves getting home at some point on Sunday."

"Were you worried about me?" I cut up some limes, getting ready to hand off a large order of Coronas to a new waitress.

"Not worried, just surprised. You still haven't filled me in. All I know is you got his kid sister wasted."

"Her name's Carly, and she was one of the highlights of the weekend."

"I'm guessing the other highlight has something to do with you not coming home last night?"

I turned, feeling awkward discussing my sex life with Macon. For all the joking we did about it, it felt strange to talk about me getting some. "Yes. That's the other highlight."

"How was it? Obviously it wasn't awful if you spent an extra night."

"Why do you care?" I handed over the Coronas and reluctantly turned back to Macon.

"I don't really."

"Okay, good. So how did the date with Mary go?"

"It didn't."

"Oh. Why?"

"She said her sitter called in sick, but I think she was making up an excuse."

"Really? Why?"

"Just a feeling."

"Any other dates lined up?"

"Who am I going to date? This place is dead."

I leaned back against the counter. "You usually manage."

"This is going to be my last winter here."

"Because you can't get enough action?"

He laughed. "No, because it's getting boring."

"Well, you can't put off grad school forever."

"I guess it's time to start applying."

"I guess so." I wondered if his reluctance to apply had something to do with losing the job with his uncle. Was he so deflated he didn't want to do business at all anymore?

"So tell me about Carly." He finished off his drink. He was drinking beer for a change.

"She's twenty-one and pretty cool. There's something weird going on with her and her family though."

"What do you mean?" Macon asked with real interest. He was a little gossip at heart.

"Her parents were cold to her, and Colin never told me when she was here visiting."

"When was she here?"

"Oh wait. I haven't told you yet. She was the girl I saw him with when I was out with Ralph."

"No you don't. Don't just slip in that kind of detail. I thought that was your undeniable knowledge that he'd moved on from you."

"Anyone could have made that mistake." I wasn't about to admit to how quickly I'd jumped to conclusions.

"Your lameness aside, did you ask him about it?"

I pulled out another lime for an order of margaritas. "Yeah, he wouldn't explain."

"Kind of sketch."

"I know. I'm not sure whether to let it go."

"What does your 'gut feeling' say?" He used air quotes, making fun of how often I relied on my instinct.

"To wait him out."

"Between this mystery and your inability to figure out Lyle's drink, you've got a lot of detective work to do."

I laughed. "Or I need to get a life."

"Speaking of a life." Macon nodded over his shoulder as Colin made his way back to the bar. He was wearing a shirt and tie. Evidently, he hadn't gone home to change.

"Hey." I smiled. "You made it."

"I told you I would."

Macon looked between us. "How are you doing, man?"

"I've been good. Very good." Colin looked right at me as he spoke.

Macon rolled his eyes. I stifled a laugh.

"And you?" Colin asked.

"I've been fine. Glad to hear things seem to be going well with you two."

"So am I. Did Maddy tell you about our weekend?" Colin spoke only to Macon and his tone bordered on alpha male. It annoyed me. It's one thing for guys to have a pissing contest when they're both trying to get in bed with you, but this one was pointless.

"Yes, she did. Glad you guys finally got some real time together."

"Are you glad?" Colin asked with an edge to his voice.

"Yeah. I'm always glad when my friend is happy." I appreciated Macon emphasizing the platonic nature of our relationship. Colin didn't need to feel so threatened by it.

"Good to know."

"What can I get you?" I knew Colin wasn't there for a drink, but I figured I should at least ask.

"Surprise me."

"Really?" I set aside the IPA I'd already pulled out for him.

"Yeah. I realized you've never made me a drink before."

"Okay. Give me a second."

All right, I had to get it right. He usually stuck to beer, so I wanted to stay away from anything sweet. But he liked lime flavor. He wouldn't want anything complicated-he was a classic kind of guy, so I decided to go simple. A Sapphire and tonic. I went a little heavier on the Sapphire then I usually would, but I was pretty sure I had the perfect consistency for him. I stirred in some fresh lime.

I set the drink in front of him. "I hope you like gin."

He sipped it. "It's great, thanks."

Relieved that I'd gotten another drink right, I reached over and picked up his hand. "I'm glad you stopped in."

"This isn't just a stop." He sipped his drink again. "I'm here to take you home too."

Macon coughed. "Forward. Nice."

Colin turned to him. "Maddy's kind of addicting."

"I bet." Macon gave me a look when Colin turned away.

"And I'll drive you home before I go in tomorrow," Colin added.

"I can pick her up. We're supposed to leave for a dive at seven thirty. She'd assured me she'd be sleeping at home."

Neither of them made the simple suggestion of us staying at my place. I didn't either, our walls were entirely too thin. Instead, I made another. "Or I could borrow your car, Macon."

"Not a chance. I'll pick you up."

Colin looked at me funny. "You have a license?"

"Yeah. How did you think I drove your sister's car?"

"Oh. Good point. I didn't think about that. I assumed that's why you didn't have a car."

"I got my license the first day I could, thank you very much."

"Then why no car? Money?"

"Can you stop insinuating I'm poor?"

Macon jumped in. "It's because she doesn't want to get hers from her parents' house."

"Oh. Why not?"

"Really? I've already told you about my relationship with them."

"But it's your car."

"Technically, it's not. It's in my dad's name, I just drove it."

"Oh. Well, if you need help with a down payment on a new one or something-"

"No. No offering to buy me a car."

Colin laughed. "I'm not buying you a car, just helping out."

Macon shook his head. "She's a keeper, man. What other girl would act like a free car was a bad thing?"

"Is she always like this? So hesitant to accept help?"

"I don't know. She's always happy enough to take my money."

I glared at Macon. Really helpful. "I like to do things on my own."

"Does she say that about sex too?" Macon grinned. I reached over to slap him, but he ducked. "You asked for that one."

Colin laughed. It was the kind of laugh where you could tell that he'd tried to hold it in, but it came out anyway. He also looked ready to throw in a one-liner of his own.

"Be careful, Colin. I can change my mind in that department too."

"I'm not saying anything." He mimed zipping his lips.

"That's the smartest thing you've said all night."

***

Colin came by work every night but Thursday that week. I'd prepared myself for having both him and Lyle in the same room with me, but it turned out I didn't need to worry. Instead Colin texted me to tell me he'd be waiting for me when I got off.

True to his word, I found him leaning against his car.

I stopped a few steps away from him. "Any particular reason you're waiting out here?"

He smiled. "I thought we'd mix things up tonight. I wouldn't want to let you get bored."

"Bored? I'm not worried about getting bored." I closed the distance between us, craving his touch more than I expected.

He wrapped his arms around my waist. "Want to take a ride?"

"A ride? It's pretty late."

"Says the person who doesn't have to get up early for work in the morning."

"True enough. I'm game." I brushed my lips against his. "I missed you tonight."

He opened my door. "Glad to know I was missed."

"Where are we going exactly?" I buckled my seatbelt.

"Just a place I know."

"You really need to stop with all this mysterious stuff."

"Don't pretend you don't like it." He grinned and pulled out onto the road.

"How was work?" I usually avoided the topic, but it seemed like a normal enough question to ask.

"It was all right. Busy though. Maybe one of these days I'll have time for lunch."

"Can't you pack something to bring with you?"

"In theory."

I shrugged, deciding I didn't want to lecture him on the downsides of skipping meals. We drove in silence until he turned down a small dirt driveway, stopping in front of a townhouse.

"Where are we?"

"Nags Heads."

"I know we're in Nags Head, but where are we exactly?" I gestured to the house.

"This is a new development of ours."

"And?"

"I noticed something when I was out here today." He stepped out of the car and walked around to open my door.

"And this was something you had to show me at night? Do you realize it's completely dark?"

"Quit complaining. It's right up your alley." He took my hand and led me back behind the house. Security lights turned on, illuminating the night. "What do you think?" He nodded toward a large digger parked in the dirt.

"Oh come on." I pushed him in the arm.

He laughed. "I know how much you like to get it on in farm equipment, and I thought maybe construction equipment worked the same way."

"I'm never telling you anything again."

"Oh please. It's funny." He wrapped me up in his arms.

"Maybe a little."

"Want to see the inside?"

"Of the house?"

"No of the digger." He chuckled.

I rolled my eyes even though he couldn't see thanks to my position leaning against him. "Sure, let's see the house."

We walked back around to the front, and he reached under a rock to retrieve a key.

"Do you always leave keys that accessible?"

"Not always." He unlocked the door, and I followed him inside. He flicked on the lights, revealing a perfectly staged sitting room and dining room.

"Nice."

"Isn't it?"

"I bet this place has a great view of the ocean."

"That it does, but I like this room the best," He took my hand and led me down a hallway. He stopped in a doorway. "Take a look."

"Wow. A two story library in a beach house?" I stepped inside the nearly empty room. Evidently they hadn't paid to stage it.

He moved into the room behind me. "I'm going to have one of these rooms one day."

"It's missing the ladder."

"I was thinking the same thing. How else can you get to the books on the top shelves?"

"Maybe they'll put one in when they actually get books." I pointed to the empty shelves.

"Hopefully whoever buys this place reads. It would be a waste otherwise."

I walked further into the room, stopping in front of a large window, complete with a window seat. A loud rumble of thunder had me taking a step back into Colin's arms.

He kissed my neck, sending chills through me. "I should go close up the car."

"Or we could go."

"Do you really want to?" He nuzzled his chin against the top of my head.

"Not particularly." The more time I spent with Colin, the more I wanted to see him. Our work schedules, particularly his, made quality time hard to come by, but the time we did have was definitely memorable. He wasn't what I'd been looking for in a guy, but he never ceased to surprise me and keep me on my toes.

"Good."

He kissed the top of my head before running out to the car. I took a seat on the window seat while I waited, and I gazed out the window. Although dark out, the lights from the house reflecting off the water created a beautiful effect.

"I'm back." He walked in holding a couple of flannel blankets.

"Dare I ask what those are for?"

"I told you this is my favorite room in the house, but there's no furniture."

"We can stand." Of course we could also sit exactly where I was, but that would be too easy.

"Sweetheart, you're not going to be standing when I'm done with you."

I laughed at the goofy smile on his face. "As long as your plans don't involve machinery of any kind, we're good."

"Yeah? Well then I think it's time we give this library a story to tell."

"You did not just say that." I shook my head.

"Yes I did." He grinned.

"Just get over here."

"My pleasure." He spread a blanket out on the floor before joining me on the window seat.

"Are you sure you're ready for this?" I started unbuttoning his shirt.

"Hell yeah. I'm moving up in the world. The floor is much more exciting than the couch."

I laughed. "What am I going to do with you?"

"Anything you want."

Chapter Fifteen

"Do you realize how crazy you drive me?" Colin nuzzled my neck with his lips.

I decided not to ruin the moment by telling him how much his stubble irritated my face. The more he worked, the less he shaved, and he'd been working a lot in the weeks since we'd gotten back from the wedding.

"Do you?" His lips moved up to my ear.

"Kind of." I ran my fingers down his back.

"Only kind of? Maybe I need to show you."

"Maybe." I lifted my chin, giving him better access to my neck again. Despite the stubble, his lips on a certain spot on the right side of my neck single-handedly got me in the mood-not that I needed the help. Wearing only his boxer briefs when he slipped in beside me that night, I knew he was in the mood, and that only served to accentuate what I already felt. I'd fallen asleep after waiting an hour for him to join me. Colin loved having me stay over, but lately he'd been spending most of the night working anyway. Lucky for him, I appreciated his premium cable channels, and his more comfortable bed. Well, and the sex that inevitably happened when he finally turned in.

His hands slipped under the covers to pull the t-shirt of his I was sleeping in over my head. His lips returned to my neck as his right hand pulled my panties out of the way. His hand stayed behind, and I closed my eyes.

"Let me know when I've made it clear."

"Made what clear?" I said in a throaty voice, playing along with his talk, even though I wanted to get lost in the moment. He was definitely a talker. He'd narrate the whole thing if I let him. My answer was to keep his lips busy.

"How crazy you make me." He used his left hand to put my hand on him. I slipped it under his underwear, needing no more encouragement. He groaned.

"You're so easy to get excited," I teased.

"So are you."

I moaned, pushing off his briefs so nothing separated us. With my free hand I grabbed his ass. "I want you."

"Yeah? Isn't that a coincidence? I want you too." He moved his hand and thrust into me. Although expecting it, I still yelled out. Despite his workaholic tendencies, Colin saved plenty of energy for me.

He moved inside me, bringing me to a new high. He was about to push me over the edge... when his phone rang.

I opened my eyes as he reached for the spot on the nightstand where he had left his cell.

"I have to take this." He pulled out and rolled off me.

"What?"

My words were lost as he answered. "Colin here." I watched in shock as he walked out of the room.

I groaned, pulling the blanket over my head. Had he really just stopped like that? To take a phone call?

I waited. Sure, I was antsy, but I knew he'd come back soon.

Ten minutes passed. The annoyance set in.

Twenty minutes passed, I got up to go to the bathroom.

Thirty minutes passed, I got dressed.

Forty minutes passed, I opened his night stand to search for something to do. I only found old school spiral notebooks. I didn't open them. I was afraid they were the men's equivalent of a diary, and I could respect his privacy even if I was bored out of my mind and frustrated.

One hour passed, I tiptoed down the hall to see if I could listen in to his conversation. He was typing on his computer while still gabbing away.

I went downstairs and found my cell. The one I'd left across the house so it wouldn't interrupt us.

Are you up?

Macon texted back thirty seconds later. Yes. Are you?

Unfortunately. Advice time.

Oh boy. Here we go.

Shut up.

Ok, what's up?

If a girl walked out on you during sex, how long would you wait before leaving? I hesitated before hitting send, but did it anyway. If I couldn't tell Macon, I couldn't tell anyone.

During, as in while in the act?

What else would I mean?

Foreplay...

No. You were right the first time.

I'll be there in ten.

You'll get me?

Yes.

Thank you.

Just get ready.

I already am.

I slipped my phone back into my purse and walked upstairs again, wanting to make sure he was still busy. The partially closed door to his office hadn't budged.

I found my sweater and headed outside. Macon was being cool enough by picking me up in the middle of the night. I wasn't going to make him wait.

I sat down on the stoop, picturing what Colin would think when he realized I'd left. I sighed, figuring it would probably be hours, and maybe he didn't even care.

Macon pulled up, and I slipped in with relief. "Thank you."

"No problem. Still feeling frustrated?"

"Not frustrated. Angry."

He patted my leg. "Understandably. I like Colin, but this is pretty low."

"I know. I can't believe it was so easy for him to stop like that. It makes me wonder what sex with me is like to him."

"It's not the sex that's the problem. It's him." Macon spoke firmly. I appreciated the resoluteness. My self-esteem couldn't handle the blow it was starting to feel.

"All he said was he had to take it, he didn't even smile or mouth an apology."

"Who was the call from?" Macon drove through the dark night.

"I assume his boss by the way he acted." I hoped I was right. Otherwise, we had bigger problems.

"It's good you left. He needs to see that you're not going to put up with that garbage."

"Maybe I shouldn't put up with him period. Maybe he doesn't have room for me in his life."

"Normally, I'd tell you to stop being so melodramatic, but you might be right. You deserve better. You deserve a guy who worships you for the goddess you are."

I laughed. "Do you worship the girls you're with?"

"Not the ones I spend a night with, but a girlfriend, sure."

"When's the last time you had a girlfriend? Two years?"

"Something like that." He turned on the radio, letting me know that part of the conversation was over.

We didn't say anything else to each other until we walked inside.

"I wish Brody was up." I opened the fridge looking for a snack.

"Getting spoiled with his cooking?"

"Very." Brody usually cooked for us a few nights a week. Those were the meals I looked forward to.

"He's not that hard to wake up." Macon got that mischievous look in his eyes.

"I'm not doing that to him. I'll make something." I bent down to find a pan. One of the few things I made well were omelets, and I knew we had tons of eggs.

My phone rang, and I didn't even think about answering it.

"It's him." Macon held up my phone.

"Good for him."

Macon smiled. "On the positive side, he finally noticed you were gone."

"It only took him an hour and a half."

"Actually, if it had already been more than an hour when you called me, we're closer to two hours."

"Really helpful."

"I know I am." Macon smirked.

I'd cracked enough eggs to make two omelets when I heard the text notification on my phone.

Macon cleared his throat, and I knew he was about to read the text. "I know you're mad, but please at least tell me you're okay. Did you get a ride home?"

"Tell him I'm home." I was glad Macon had my phone. I probably would have typed something far less polite.

Macon laughed, and I changed my mind.

"What did you say?"

"I'm home. Lucky for me, not all the men in my life keep me waiting more than an hour."

"You didn't!" I yanked my phone from his hand. Macon's words stared back at me. "Oh no. Come on, Macon. He already thinks there's something between us."

Sure enough, I got another text. Macon? You called him to drive you home?

"What happened to him not being worth it?"

"I still don't want him getting the wrong idea." Yes. I called my friend when I realized you weren't coming back.

Did you listen to my voicemail?

No.

I'm sorry. It was a really important call. Any chance I can come over there?

No.

Please. I don't want to go to sleep like this.

You could have gone to sleep in a very different state.

I had to take the call, but I'm sorry. How can I make it better?

You can't.

Don't be like this.

You left me waiting for more than an hour. You could have at least stopped in to check on me.

Macon read the phone display from over my shoulder. "Check on you? What are you six?"

"You know what I meant."

It all moved so fast. I finally finished and you were gone.

I waited as long as I could.

"What the hell?" Brody stormed out of his room. "What are you two burning?"

I looked back at the stove where my first omelet was a charred mess. "Do you have bad food sensory or something, Brody?"

"No. I smelled smoke." He was already dumping the remains of my meal down the disposal. "I'm guessing you had a bad night?"

"Colin took a work call during sex and never came back," Macon happily supplied.

I punched his arm.

"He picked up while you were having sex, or he stopped and then picked it up?" Brody asked.

"Ick. He stopped first."

"See, it could have been worse." Macon laughed.

"I'm guessing that thing I threw out was supposed to be eggs of some sort." Brody leaned back against the counter in a pair of PJ pants. "Want me to make you something?"

"I can't ask you to cook for me in the middle of the night."

"You don't have to ask. Sorry about your night."

"You're too good to me."

"Yeah, yeah. You'll be doing my laundry for months at this rate."

"Wait, what? Maddy's trading laundry services for favors?" Macon hopped up on the island.

"You two sound awful. Make your female roommate do the laundry."

"I'm getting it in exchange for cooking for you. That's not playing gender stereotypes."

"I guess lover boy gave up." Macon gestured to my phone.

"I guess so." I couldn't help but think he'd given up pretty easily. I didn't want to see him, but I expected him to try harder. It was further proof he wasn't worth it.

I'd just settled in to my omelet-the far superior one Brody had made for me-when we heard the knock on the door.

"I guess he didn't give up." Macon nodded toward the door.

The knocking increased.

"We have to get it before our neighbors complain." Brody was always the rational one.

"Fine." I started to walk to the door.

"Do you want to see him?" Macon asked with surprising seriousness.

I shook my head.

"Wait in your room."

I nodded, more than happy to let Macon handle Colin. The night's events had upset me more than I would have expected. I guess it made me feel unimportant. I wanted a guy who would put me first. Maybe I had unrealistic standards, but I wasn't ready to forgive him.

"I need to talk to her." Colin didn't bother with the pleasantries. I listened through my door, but I could imagine the look of annoyance on his face that Macon was keeping him from me.

"She doesn't want to talk to you."

"She doesn't, or you don't want her to?"

Oh no. Macon wasn't going to take this well.

"Do you really think I'm trying to steal Maddy? Because if so, you're delusional. If Maddy and I wanted to date, we'd be doing it. She's my best friend, and she deserves someone who doesn't jump to conclusions about her, and who definitely doesn't treat her like you did tonight."

Wow. Macon was standing up for me. I was tempted to leave my room, but that would undermine Macon, and considering how awesome he was being, that didn't seem like a great idea.

"Did she tell you? Do you know what happened? I didn't hurt her or anything. It's okay to let me in."

"Didn't hurt her? Maybe not physically...but man to man here, doing what you did hurts a girl. She's already got an ego issue. Way to make it worse."

I cringed. Did Macon have to go there?

"It was a call from work. I had to take it. I didn't mean to hurt her ego. I don't understand why it would."

"And here I thought you were smart."

"What? She thinks I don't want her? That's ridiculous. She knows how I feel about her."

"Dude, you walked out on her during sex." Brody entered the conversation, and I sat down on the floor. It was only going to get worse.

"She told you too?"

That was it. I couldn't just sit there. I pushed open my door. "What are you doing here, Colin?"

"I told you on the phone. I needed to see you. I can't go to bed in a fight with you. Especially not over something as stupid as this."

"Stupid?" That was all I needed to motivate me to turn around and head back to my room.

"Maddy, wait!" Colin called, but my roommates must have stopped him. "Call me when you're ready to talk," he yelled before I heard the front door slam.

I opened my door. "I'm not crazy, am I?"

Brody answered. "Your behavior tonight wasn't crazy, but that doesn't mean you aren't crazy."

"Thanks."

"Want to finish your omelet?" he asked.

"Yeah, I think I will."

Chapter Sixteen

A drink needs to fit your mood. It's no fun to drink a flirty, sexy drink when you're depressed and sitting around in your sweats. That's when you need the hard stuff. It's kind of like music. I need mellow tunes when I'm down.

I wasn't quite at the point of drinking straight liquor by the glass, but I did find myself taking a few shots with Macon after Colin's "episode." That was the only way I let my roommates refer to it. I was slowly getting over what he did, but I was too stubborn to admit I missed him. Thankfully, Dale was away, and I had tons of shifts at work to keep me busy.

"Come on, Maddy, you have to talk to me." Colin sat directly across the bar from me. He chose his usual stool, the one that gave me no escape from those irresistible hazel eyes.

"No, I don't." I turned my back to him, searching for something to make me appear busy, despite the empty bar. The thought of asking him to leave flitted through my head.

"Is it really that big of a deal? It only happened once."

"Once was more than enough, but that's not the point."

"Then what is the point?" He slumped slightly on his stool. "I've sent you flowers, come by to see you every night, even though you won't talk to me. I'm out of ideas here."

"It's the symbolism. It's what it represents about our relationship, and how you feel about me."

"I'm crazy about you. Stopping short to take a phone call doesn't change that."

"The fact that you could stop says it all. I'm not a priority for you." I glanced around the dining room, relieved that the few customers were out of earshot. Mary was working, but she was keeping her distance. I appreciated the effort.

"You're a high priority for me, one of the highest. If you'd let me explain, I could show you how serious I am about us."

"Being serious is different from making me a priority." On the surface they seemed the same, but they weren't. Just because you cared for something didn't mean you would be willing to put it first.

"Have you ever been to Paris?" Colin used another one of his random conversation transitions.

"No. The only European city I've been to is London." I reorganized the liquor bottles by color. It wasn't the most efficient organization system, but it served its purpose-keeping my hands busy so I wouldn't give in to the urge to touch Colin.

"Would you want to go?"

I turned to him. "You can't be inviting me on a Parisian vacation."

He smiled slightly, probably bolstered by the fact that I was looking at him. "Think less vacation and more three-month excursion."

The only thing that set in from his words was that he was going to be in Paris for twelve weeks. "You're leaving?"

"No. I'm going on a trip for work. That's why I took the call. I knew it was my boss offering it to me. It's what I've been waiting to hear about. And Maddy, I want you to come with me."

"I can't," I answered automatically.

"Give me one reason why not."

"Work, my life." Talk about putting me on the spot. "There, that's two."

"Max is barely giving you shifts, and Macon will be here when we come back."

He said Macon's name with distaste. Didn't he get that Macon was rooting for him? He'd even started on the subtle hints about returning Colin's calls.

"I can't afford it." The balance on my bank account went beyond embarrassing. "And don't even bother offering to lend me the money."

"Lend? Not exactly. Pay for my girlfriend's travel expenses? Of course. Plus, our apartment will be paid for anyway."

"Apartment? We're not ready to live together." I rinsed out some glasses, needing a distraction.

"Before this week you were spending half your nights with me already. How is this different? Besides, it's temporary. It's not really moving in."

"Temporary. This isn't helping your priority argument."

He reached his hands across the bar, and I gave in and let him hold mine. The contact sent an instant wave of comfort through me. "I'm inviting you to spend three months in the most romantic city in the world with me."

"You don't need me there. I'll be in the way."

"Okay. Now you're scraping the bottom of the barrel for excuses. I do need you there. And the only time you'll be in my way is when you won't put away your book or something."

"I don't know."

"I do. This is good. So good. I'm not going to let you pass this up."

I tried to pull my hands away, but he didn't release them. "It's not your decision to make."

"Maybe not, but I'll help you make yours, and it will be the right one."

"You can be so cocky sometimes it makes me want to scream."

"Glad to know I bring out the anger in you, or some might call that passion." He squeezed my hands. I was no longer trying to move them.

I laughed. I couldn't help it. "How did we even end up dating?"

"You finally gave me a chance." He rubbed a finger across my skin.

"I mean, we're so different."

"Why? What makes us different?"

"For starters, you know what you want to do with your life."

"I'm also four years older than you. You'll figure it out." He released one of my hands, still comfortably holding the other.

"What if I don't?"

"Isn't this backward? Isn't the bartender supposed to be the good listener doling out advice?"

I let go of his hand and went back to work on the senseless organization. "We both know I'm not your typical bartender."

"Nothing about you is typical, and that's one part of why I can't get enough of you."

"Glad to know you like my weirdness."

"Not weirdness, uniqueness. That's a different thing."

"I'm not giving you an answer." I crossed my arms.

"Wait, but that means you aren't saying no either." He smiled.

"So?"

"So, Paris aside, do you forgive me enough to continue our movie nights again tomorrow?"

"Can I pick the movie?"

"Don't you always?" he teased.

"All right. Pick me up at seven."

***

"If you're going to fall asleep during the movie, at least let me pick something I like." Colin kissed my forehead.

I opened my eyes, taking a moment to remember that we were in his theater room. "Did I fall asleep?"

"Yes. You did."

"Sorry," I said sheepishly.

"It's fine. I'm glad you're here. You scared me."

"Scared you?"

"Yeah. I didn't know if I could get you back." He put an arm around me. "That's a scary thought for me."

I put my hands on either side of his face. "You mean that?"

"Of course I do."

"I'm going to stay tonight." I'd made up my mind about it before I left my place.

Colin grinned. "I kind of assumed that considering you brought a tote bag full of clothes."

"How'd you know there were clothes in there?"

"I may have snooped."

"Hey!" I swatted at his arm.

"What? At least I don't go through your drawers." He gave me a meaningful yet teasing look.

"How'd you know?" I'd thought my snooping had gone undetected. Besides, I'd been respectful.

"I could tell."

"I'll have to be more discreet next time."

"Next time?" He pulled me onto his lap so that I was straddling him. "Is there going to be a next time?"

"I don't know. Are you planning on leaving me waiting again like that?"

"Never."

"Care to prove yourself?"

"I'd love to, but I don't want to wait until we're upstairs." He pulled my long-sleeve t-shirt over my head.

"How do you know I'm awake enough yet?"

He grinned. "Because I'm an expert on waking you up."

"I can say the same thing about waking you up."

"Yeah? Well, I'm guessing you know I'm already up."

I adjusted myself on his lap. "Yeah, you are, but you're wearing entirely too much clothing."

"So are you." He unclasped my bra, and I knew I'd never look at that theater room the same way.

Chapter Seventeen

Lame romantic gestures come more naturally to me than I expected. I checked the white paper bag one last time before slipping it into the basket of my bike. I'd ordered Colin's favorite sandwich-turkey and ham on a hoagie roll, but I wasn't sure the cook hadn't put pickles on by mistake. Colin hated pickles. He'd been working nonstop all week, and taking a break for lunch wasn't his thing. After another text about how he missed me, I decided to take things into my own hands. His office was right in town, so it wasn't a long ride. I opted for an easy sandwich joint instead of anything fancy. It was the thought that counted, right?

The weather was a little cold for a dress in November, but I wanted to look cute. If this was my only chance to see Colin all week, I wasn't wasting it on old jeans. I was long due for a shopping trip, but the way my checking account looked, it wasn't in the cards. I'd settled on a retro shift dress, the kind with all the buttons down the front.

I stopped in front of his building and searched for the bike rack. Of course there wasn't one out in the open. Businesses that didn't want people without cars didn't put a rack out in public view. I followed instinct and walked around to the back of the building. There was a small rack with only two shiny new bikes on it-employees' bikes I'm sure. I slid mine in and locked it before walking around to the front.

I smoothed out my dress, hoping the wind hadn't messed up my hair too much. My plan to visit the bathroom first was thwarted when someone I vaguely recognized as a friend of Colin's who had come into the bar with him once called out to me. He was older than us, probably in his late thirties, with that slightly graying hair that made a guy look good and a girl look old. "Hey, Maddy."

"Hi." I smiled politely.

"I don't think we've officially met, but Colin talks about you all the time. I'm Martin."

"Oh. Hi, Martin. Nice to meet you." I checked out the simplistic lobby. It's neutral tones seemed the appropriate fit for a beach town.

"Does Colin know you're here?" he asked.

"How do you know I'm here to see Colin?"

"Why would you be here to see anyone else?"

Evidently, he didn't get the joke. "No. He doesn't know yet."

"Let me walk you up then."

"Thanks." I followed him up the flight of stairs and down a hallway. He gave a running narration of everything we passed, but I was too nervous to concentrate on a word he said.

He stopped in front of a door and knocked. I assumed it was Colin's office.

"Look who I found in the lobby?"

Colin glanced at the doorway. As soon as he saw me, his face lit up. He came around his desk to meet me. "Maddy? What are you doing here?"

"Is this a bad time? I just thought I'd drop something off for you."

"Colin was about to take his lunch break, weren't you?" Martin waved before leaving and closing the door behind him.

"There's never a bad time for you to visit." He backed me up to his desk.

"I brought you lunch."

"Thanks, I'll get to that later." He placed a hand on either side of me.

"Later? What are you doing now?"

"Enjoying seeing my girlfriend for the first time all week. You haven't stayed over at all." His little whine would have normally annoyed me, but his lids were heavy, and I knew exactly what he'd been missing. I'd missed it too.

"It's silly for you to pick me up after work. You only get a few hours to sleep."

"I know, but it would be worth it."

"You said this all gets better next week."

"It does."

"So I'll stay over next week."

"That's next week." He leaned down and kissed me lightly.

"Only a few days away."

"A few days too long." His fingers settled on the top button of my dress.

"Does stress get you turned on or something?" I put my hand over his after he unbuttoned the top two buttons.

He laughed. "No. Seeing you does."

"We can't do anything here."

"Why not?"

"It's your office."

"Keyword 'mine.'"

Having sex in Colin's office sounded like a bad idea, but the way his other hand felt as it pushed my panties out of the way sent exactly the opposite message.

"Are you sure you won't get in trouble? What if your boss catches us?"

Colin shook his head. "Don't worry. Martin won't let him. He'll run interference if he has to."

"Why would he do that?"

"Because he's my friend." He unbuttoned one more button, slipping a hand inside my dress.

"You sure it's okay?"

"More than okay. Required." His lips attacked my neck, and any hope of continuing my resistance disappeared.

I pulled out his shirt from his pants, quickly slipping my hand under it and the white t-shirt he wore underneath. He moved his hand from under my dress long enough to undo his belt and unzip his pants. I made quick work of reaching in and getting what I wanted. The faster I did it, the faster his hand would get back to where it had been seconds before.

"I've missed you so much, Maddy." His breath was hot on my face as his lips left kisses all over it.

"I've missed you too."

His lips stilled. "This is a bad time to admit this, but I don't have a condom."

"I do."

"Do you usually carry one?" He didn't hide his surprise.

"Only since we started dating."

"You're good at stoking my ego."

"You're good at doing a lot of things."

"Yeah? Am I about to do one of them now?" He found the condom in my purse and ripped open the wrapper.

"I'll tell you afterward."

"You can get away with that comment because of the one you made before."

"Oh yeah? I thought I could get away with anything?"

"If you continue to give me that look, you can."

"I don't know what look you're talking about."

"The 'fuck me' look you wear so well." Colin saying f**k? That was a new one.

"I don't have that look."

"Oh yes you do."

"If I have that look on, then what are you waiting for?"

He smiled. "Nothing. I'm not waiting for anything."

I bit my lip to stop myself from crying out when he thrust into me. There was no slow start with his movements. It was urgent and primal, and better than any sex we'd had before. By the time he reached his release, I could barely contain myself. Who knew how hard it was to stay quiet?

"Wow." He said the word out loud, but I was thinking the same thing. "Can you bring me lunch every day?" He buttoned his pants, buckling his belt before moving on to the buttons on his shirt.

I fixed my own clothes, still trying to catch my breath. "Or you could pick me up after work tonight."

"I thought you wanted me to get sleep."

"I changed my mind." Determined to make a good exit, I picked up my purse, kissed him on the cheek and headed to the door.

"You kill me, baby."

"Baby?"

"Do you have a problem with me calling you that?"

"I don't know. I'll get back to you on that." I walked out before he could respond.

I only made it three steps before I ran into someone.

"Oh, I'm sorry." The man I ran into looked up. My heart dropped to my feet.

"Oh. Hi." I'm sure I went pale as I stared at a man I'd hoped to never see again after our disastrous date. I definitely didn't want to see him with Colin so close by.

"Hey. What are you doing here?" Gabriel asked.

"Visiting me." Colin walked out of his office and put an arm around my shoulder. "This is my girlfriend, Maddy." The only evidence he wore from what had just occurred in his office was a humongous grin on his face.

Gabriel's eyes widened slightly and a smile crossed his face. My face was fixed on the floor. Colin worked with Gabriel? How small was this damn island?

"It's so nice to meet you. Colin's one of our best."

The way he said it set off alarm bells. That wasn't something you said about a co-worker.

"Maddy, this is Gabriel Fitzgerald."

"Fitzgerald? As in the CEO of Fitzgerald and Hughes?"

"The same." Gabriel smiled and I wanted-no needed-to melt into the floor.

"Oh. I thought you'd be older." Could I make things worse?

"Really? I didn't know you'd even thought about me." I could feel his eyes bore into me.

"Colin's mentioned you a lot."

"He's mentioned you too, but not by name."

"Oh." I still couldn't meet his eye. I just kept picturing him asking me if I was adventurous.

Colin's arm tightened around me. I'm sure he could feel my tension.

"You two should come over this weekend. Suzanne would love to get a chance to meet Maddy."

"Oh. That would be great," Colin said with way too much enthusiasm.

"I'll get back to you on a time."

I finally looked up, just in time to catch the wink Gabriel shot me. "Nice to meet you, Maddy. Glad to see Colin has such good taste." He continued down the hall.

"Are you okay?" Colin asked as soon as Gabriel disappeared around the corner.

"Yeah. Sorry." I kept the whole "yeah so your boss is the one who propositioned me to have sex with him and his wife" comment to myself.

"No. Something's off. I can tell." He took my hand and started to lead me back to his office.

I needed to leave that building, and fast. I leaned in to whisper in his ear. "I'm great. You just tired me out. I'm going to go get some sleep in case I don't get any tonight for some reason."

He grinned. "That's probably a good idea."

I smiled before hightailing it down the stairs.

Chapter Eighteen

"Do we really have to go to this?" I smoothed out my black pencil skirt. I opted for the conservative look, complete with a green tailored shirt. I was determined to look as far from sexy bartender as possible. If Colin thought my choice of dress was odd, he didn't say anything. He only complimented me on how I looked in dark green.

"Yes. He's my boss, Maddy. I can't exactly cancel on him." Colin focused on the road. I wished the drive were longer.

"You could go without me. Besides, you already got the promotion." I turned to the window. I hoped this wasn't some sort of invitation to swing. Colin had explained that the Fitzgeralds only spent a few weeks a year in the Outer Banks, but Gabriel was in town to work on a few larger projects out of that office. What fantastic luck.

"Why are you so against going to dinner at the Fitzgeralds? They have a beautiful house and they always cater in good stuff."

"I don't see why I need to come." I needed to get out of this awkward night. Every excuse I could come up with failed, and I never used the sick excuse. It's asking to come down with the flu the next day.

He placed his hand on my leg, lightly squeezing it until I looked at him. "Because they want to get to know you. Because I want you there."

"We've only been dating a few months. It's not like I'm your wife."

He hit the brakes, pulling over to the side of the road. After putting the car in park, he unbuckled his seatbelt and captured me with his gaze. "Out with it. What the hell is going on?"

"Nothing."

"Bullshit. I've never heard you try to get out of something so hard before."

"You've only known me a few months."

A look of understanding crossed his face, and I didn't like it. There was nothing for him to understand. "I know what this is about."

"What? I'm sure you're wrong."

He shook his head in annoyance. "I'm not wrong. This is because you're insecure about our status as a couple."

"Excuse me?"

"I don't fully understand, but I know that's what it is."

"You're not making any sense. Are you implying I'm insecure because I'm not wearing an engagement ring or something?"

"Maybe."

"You are wrong. Completely and utterly wrong."

"Then what is it?"

"Nothing. I could name at least fifty things I'd rather be doing tonight." I sounded like a brat, but I didn't want to spend the evening socializing with Gabriel and Suzanne. I couldn't imagine a more awkward outing.

Colin ran his thumb over my hand. "You're going for me. It's important to me."

"Fine." In hindsight, I probably should have told him about his boss, but that sounded like the worst idea possible back then. Well-not as bad as having actually had sex with his boss and his boss's wife. That was a much worse thought. "Let's go."

Colin drove the short remaining distance to the Fitzgeralds. I tried to tame my nerves, but it was hopeless. I kept coming up with a hundred ways the night could be a complete and utter disaster. Colin was quiet, and I knew he was probably annoyed at me. I couldn't blame him, but I also didn't blame myself.

I'd managed to calm my heartbeat to a reasonable level by the time Colin opened the car door for me. We walked up the wooden steps to the front door of the massive three-story beach house. Colin hit the doorbell.

"Colin, hi!" Suzanne threw her arms around Colin before turning her attention to me. "And you must be Maddy."

I stared at her. Was this the same Suzanne? Instead of a tight black dress, she wore a pair of cream slacks and a blue blouse. Her hair was pulled back in a neat chiffon, and her nails were a neutral color. "Hi." The one word was all I could muster.

"Gabriel is out on the back porch. Why don't you head out there, Colin? We'll meet you with some drinks in a few minutes." She took my arm.

Before I could so much as call out to Colin for help, I was dragged off.

"I didn't think I'd be seeing you again so soon." Her hand remained perched on my arm as we gazed out the floor-to-ceiling windows in the living room.

"Trust me, neither did I."

"You left in quite a hurry that night."

"Could you blame me?" I looked right at her. I couldn't let her intimidate me. I wasn't the one playing Susie Homemaker by day and sex kitten by night. Susie Homemaker? Wow, she nearly had the right name.

"Yes. It was very close-minded of you. You didn't even hear us out."

"I got the gist. It was plenty."

"Were you seeing Colin at the time? Did he know you were out on a date with another man?"

"No. I was single."

"Have you changed your mind?"

"No. Of course not."

"I thought maybe you had. I mean, you did show your face here. That had to have taken a certain level of curiosity." She walked over to a bar and took down four red wineglasses.

"No, it took a boyfriend who wanted me to come."

"Boyfriend. A cute word isn't it?"

"Yeah. Cute."

"May I ask you one question? Then I promise to drop the discussion of our past association."

"I guess so."

"Why did the proposition upset you? Clearly you were attracted to Gabriel. Was it that you weren't interested in being intimate with a woman, or-"

I cut her off before she could make things any more awkward. "No, it was more the idea that you two are married."

"Really? It's all about monogamy?"

"At least partly."

"I guess you do fit Colin."

"Fit him?"

"He's fixated on settling down." I was pretty sure she wanted to say more. I assumed it was along the lines of boring, but thankfully, she didn't continue. I couldn't ignore the "settling down" comment. Especially not after Colin's ring remark.

"Not with me. We're just dating." I shifted nervously. How had the conversation gone from one about my sexual interests to whether Colin and I were serious?

She smiled slightly condescendingly. The smile wasn't mean, it was more that she knew more than me and she felt bad for my lack of insight. "We'll see what you're saying after a few months abroad together."

"Oh. I'm not sure if I'm going."

"Of course you are. What woman would give up rent-free living in Paris?"

Me, but I kept that thought to myself. I really hadn't decided yet. "I'll decide when the time comes."

"Listen, I don't want us getting off on the wrong foot. Let's start over." She held out her hand. "I'm Suzanne. Nice to meet you, Colin's girlfriend."

Was she serious? I decided to go with it. What other choice did I have? "Nice to meet you too."

"Shall we go find the boys?" She handed me two glasses and grabbed a bottle of wine.

"Sure."

Colin smiled when he saw me. I grimaced. He was busy smoking a cigar with Gabriel. Could it get more cliche? Had I unwittingly woken up in the 1950s? Except that his boss had asked me to participate in a sexual relationship with him and his wife.

"Maddy, honey. Welcome." Gabriel stepped over to greet me with a half hug.

Honey? A hug? Forget the fifties, try the Twilight Zone.

"It's so nice to see you again." He was laying it on thick.

"Likewise." I smiled, placing the empty glasses down on the table.

Gabriel opened the bottle and poured four glasses. "Colin was just telling me that you bartend at the Surfside Grille."

I accepted a glass. "Yeah. I've been working there a few months now." Was he purposely making me feel like I was hiding stuff from Colin? I took a large sip, hoping the alcohol would make the rest of the evening more bearable.

"I'm sure you meet a lot of interesting people there."

I spit out my wine. I mean, spit out. It conveniently (or non-conveniently depending on how you look at it) landed on Gabriel's blazer.

"I'm so sorry." I reached over to help, although without a towel, I didn't know what help I'd be. I stopped myself. Suzanne could take over the cleaning.

Colin grabbed my elbow, and I caught the look of absolute horror on his face.

"Sorry," I mouthed.

Dinner saved us from more awkwardness. Colin had correctly predicted that the Fitzgeralds had brought in. The food was from a local seafood place near the Grille. Ordinarily, I would have dived in, but the pit in my stomach wouldn't allow it.

I selected the smallest piece of fish I could find, and filled the rest of the plate with salad. If I was going to waste food, it might as well be something that wouldn't keep anyway.

I listened to Colin and Gabriel talk work, and started thinking the night might be salvageable. Lesson learned, never let your guard down.

"Okay. Let's put everyone out of their misery." Suzanne placed her napkin on the table.

"Misery?" Colin asked.

"I know we've unofficially decided to leave Colin in the dark, but why should we?"

What happened to starting over? Damn it.

Colin paled. "What's going on? What don't I know?"

"Maddy is actually acquainted with us." Gabriel smiled at me as he said it.

"You knew each other?" Colin looked at me for the answer.

"I met Gabriel at the Grille."

"What?" I could practically see the wheels turning in his head. Colin was trying to figure out what I was doing with a married man.

"We went on a date." Gabriel continued and I buried my face in my hands.

"When?"

"Right after labor day."

"Wait a second...no." He'd figured it out. "He's not the one you told me about when you agreed to go out with me again?"

Gabriel laughed. "I guess you owe me one, Colin. I scared her enough to send her running into your arms."

"Meaning you asked my girlfriend to get with both of you?" He gestured to Gabriel, who now held Suzanne's hand on top of the table.

"She seemed like the adventurous type." Gabriel winked at me.

"She wasn't your girlfriend at the time," Suzanne said all sugary sweet.

"Is that something you do a lot?" Colin's arm had left my elbow and was now around my shoulders. I had a feeling it was a reflex protective move.

"No. We'd been looking for a while..."

"Oh." Colin started laughing.

"Do you find that funny?" Gabriel didn't hide the annoyance in his voice.

Relief colored his face. "No. It's that this is so much better than what I was thinking."

"What were you thinking?" I asked.

"That you were getting ready to dump me."

"Weren't you the one accusing me of trying to get a ring on my finger earlier?"

"Ohhh." Suzanne giggled.

"Considering your reaction to my theory, it dawned on me it might be the complete opposite."

"I'm not dumping you."

"I know. That's why this is great." He kissed me.

I leaned back in surprise and relief. He wasn't upset? Colin really was more laid back than I gave him credit for.

"I've spent this whole night worrying for nothing."

"I'd ask if you two wanted dessert, but maybe you'd rather do that on your own." Suzanne smiled.

"If you don't mind, I think we'll do just that." Colin pulled me against his side. "Thanks for having us."

"So I guess we're leaving. Thanks for dinner."

Gabriel nodded. "Nice seeing you, Maddy. Don't be a stranger."

"Uh, I'll try not to be." I accepted Colin's hand and stood up.

I didn't object when Colin hurried us to the door.

"Where's the fire?" I slipped into my seat before he could push me in. I'd never seen Colin in such a rush.

"I want to get home. I just spent the last two hours trying to come up with ways to convince you to stay with me, and now I don't have to use them."

"You do realize that's the second 'don't leave' speech you almost used on me."

"Yes. But the keyword is 'almost.' I didn't have to use it either time." He put his hand behind the headrest of my seat as he pulled out of the drive.

"Is this a bad time to tell you I'm not staying with you tonight?"

"What?" He slowed the car.

"It's a joke."

"I swear that humor of yours is going to kill me one of these days."

"You just need to find a way to know when I'm joking."

"I usually know, but not after a night like this one."

I double checked my bag to make sure I had my glasses with me. "If you say so."

"That was a crazy night."

"You can say that again. I had to come face-to-face with the couple that propositioned me."

Colin laughed. "I still can't believe it. They seem like such conservative people."

"I guess you don't really know what someone's private life is like. Besides, it's not like they do this a lot. Maybe they're trying to spice up their sex life."

"We're never going to need that."

"Need what? An extra partner?" I ran my fingers through Colin's dark hair.

"No. I mean I'm not worried about our sex life."

"I'd hope not. It would be a bad sign if it was getting stale already."

"It's not that I wouldn't try other things though, but I want it to be just us."

"Other things?" I raised an eyebrow.

"How did Gabriel put it? You're adventurous."

"He assumed that because I was giving some guys a hard time at the bar."

"Well, you know I'd have tractor sex if you're missing that."

"Mention the word 'tractor' one more time and you'll be sleeping alone tonight."

"Will I? I already passed your place."

"I know." I stretched out my legs. "But you have a nice guest room."

"I'll follow you in there."

"Yeah? You'd follow me?"

"I'd follow you anywhere, baby."

"Save the lines. You know you're getting some."

He grinned. "I know."

"You rebounded from thinking I was dumping you fast."

"I did, didn't I?" He parked and came around to open my door.

"Did you really think I was going to break up with you?"

He took my hand, hurrying me up the stairs. He paused before unlocking the front door. "I didn't know. Sometimes you're a hard girl to read."

"I can say the same thing about you-except you're a guy."

"How am I hard to read? I want you. Whether it's talking over coffee, curled up watching a movie, or having amazing sex, I just want you. Don't worry about reading anything else."

"Nothing is ever that simple. Usually the things that seem the simplest on the surface are the most complicated."

"Maddy?" He took my face in his hands.

"Yeah?"

"This really is simple." He kissed me, pushing open the door at the same time.

Once inside, he closed the door and pushed me up against it. "Where do you want to have sex?"

If I could have stepped back, I would have. I was so startled by the question.

"Colin..."

"No. Tonight got me thinking. Maybe I'm not making things adventurous enough."

"Didn't we already establish I wasn't dumping you?" I wrapped my arms around his neck, wanting him to start kissing me again.

"Still, we need to mix things up."

"We had sex in your office last week, doesn't that count?"

"That was desperation sex."

"Desperation sex? Should I be insulted?"

"No. I mean, we were desperate for each other."

"We haven't taken a shower together..."

His eyes lit up "No, I guess we haven't."

I expected him to back up so I could move. Instead, he lifted me. He stopped by the kitchen counter to drop off his phone before hurrying us up the stairs.

Under the warm spray of the shower, the craziness of the night faded away. Colin's lips and mouth never stopped roaming, and I didn't want them to. I wanted him to touch every single part of me, and I wanted to touch him. His taste was still exciting, but it had also become a favorite comfort I craved. He pushed me up against the wall and I held him close, wanting no space between us.

Chapter Nineteen

Carly didn't give any warning when she showed up on Colin's doorstep. It was eight a.m. on a Saturday, and by some miracle, Colin wasn't running in to work until later. Warm, and enjoying the feeling of waking up to an actual person in the bed next to me (I could count on one hand how often that happened with Colin), I wasn't thrilled to hear the doorbell ring.

"Ugh. That better not be one of your roommates," Colin groaned. Evidently, he wasn't thrilled with the interruption either.

"Why would it be for me?"

"They've come by to get you to dive and stuff." He stretched, settling his arm behind me.

"Diving in December? No thanks. This has to be for you."

The doorbell rang again, followed by incessant knocking.

"Is that your way of telling me to get it?"

"It is your house."

"Fine." He kissed me lightly. "But you better be looking as adorable and naked when I get back."

"Are you sure you want to go there? What if you disappear for ten hours? Still expect me to be naked?"

"You're never going to let me off the hook for that, are you?"

"Maybe someday." I ran my hand down his chest, hoping whoever was at the door would go away.

They didn't. The knocking grew worse.

"I'll be right back."

"I hope so." I bit my lip, aiming for a mix of sexy and coy-and hoping that no matter who it was, he'd send them away and get back to bed.

He groaned. "Please don't move."

He dressed quickly and walked out of the room, leaving the door open.

"What are you doing here?" Colin's whine carried upstairs.

"Aren't you happy to see your favorite little sister?" Carly's heels echoed on the tile floor.

I jumped out of bed, quickly finding a t-shirt and jeans to throw on in case she walked upstairs. I hoped Colin would stop her before that, but from what I knew of Carly, she did what she wanted.

"I have company."

"Oh. Maddy's here?"

"Who else would it be?" he snapped. I wondered if she'd put two and two together and realized exactly why he was annoyed.

Carly snapped right back at him. "If it was anyone else, I'd kick your ass. You know I like her."

I ventured out into the hall, pulling my hair up into a ponytail as I walked.

Colin sighed. "It's Maddy, and you're interrupting."

"I couldn't care less about your sex life. You can go back upstairs. I'll go get unpacked in the guest room."

"Unpacked?" Colin's voice went up a little.

I started to walk downstairs.

"Hey, Maddy!" Carly ran over and gave me a hug. "I probably should have expected you'd be here."

"It's great to see you." I caught Colin's eye over her head and tried to send the message that he needed to cool it.

"I'm sorry to have woken you up so early, but I didn't feel like waiting in the car."

"Did you leave in the middle of the night?" I led her over to the couch. She may have been acting all bubbly, but I knew there was a not-so-great reason for her unannounced arrival.

"I thought I'd spend the first week of winter break with my favorite brother."

Colin sat down across from us with his elbows leaning on his knees. "I'm your only brother, and I'll be working all week."

"So? I'm capable of entertaining myself."

"You could also entertain yourself at home."

"I'd rather do it here. At the beach." She kicked the light pink duffel bag she'd dropped on the floor.

"What's going on, Carly?" Colin asked nervously.

"Nothing." She looked at me and then back at him.

I caught the drift that she wasn't going to talk in front of me. "I'm going to take a shower." With my excuse made, I smiled faintly at both of them, and took my leave. My curiosity was piqued, but I respected Carly's need for privacy.

My hair didn't need to be shampooed twice, but I needed to give them time. The acoustics in the house were awful, and the only way they'd really have privacy was if I left the water running. When the water started turning cold, I got out. Politeness or not, I wasn't spending time in a cold shower.

I towel dried my hair and pulled on a slightly faded sweater and the same jeans. I had a drawer of clothes at Colin's place, but I hadn't refilled it in quite a while.

By the time I got downstairs, Colin and Carly were busy making pancakes.

"Save any water for me?" Colin handed me my mug of chai tea. It had taken him about a month to realize that I didn't drink coffee in the morning. I only drank it at night. I know how weird that is, but I liked it better that way.

I accepted the mug and took a seat at the island. "I thought you could use a cold shower."

Carly laughed. "I promise to give you guys some space."

I inhaled the warm steam from my tea. "Don't worry about it. I plan on spending today with my roommates anyway."

Colin refilled his cup with black coffee. "You do? Funny. I thought we were going shopping for a tree today."

Carly grinned. "A tree? Oh my God. You guys are getting a Christmas tree together? That's really cute."

"Colin wants to throw a holiday party. How do you throw one if you don't have a tree?" I asked.

"You can't. Everyone knows that." She smiled even bigger. "So if this isn't a quasi-romantic outing, I'm in."

"Why don't you two go together? I don't mind some downtime at home." I got the sense that they needed time alone.

Carly shook her head. "No way. If you don't go, I don't go."

Either I was wrong, or she was worried about offending me.

Colin sipped his coffee. "You're coming, Maddy. This was your idea."

"When's the party?" Carly poured the last of the batter in the pan. "Will I still be here?"

"Friday night." I picked up the now empty bowl and placed it in the sink. "That is if Colin gets home in time." He'd even been late for the Thanksgiving I'd hosted with Macon. Brody was the only one who went home for the holiday.

"I will."

"Good. These are your friends. I'm not hosting them without you."

"If it helps, I'll be here." Carly flipped a pancake. "I'm pretty good at hosting these things."

"Awesome! That does help."

Colin gulped down coffee. I'd never seen anyone who could drink hot coffee so fast. "Maybe Carly and I will come and keep you company at work tonight."

"I shouldn't need it. Max said there's a couple of big parties coming in. That usually keeps me busy."

"Well, we'll still come in to see you."

"If you insist."

***

"Don't look now, but your boy toy just walked in." Mary kept me company at the bar.

I turned, ready to greet Colin with a smile. We'd never made it tree shopping. Colin got called into work. Carly suggested we go without him, but that felt wrong. He'd have to have free time eventually, right?

It wasn't Colin.

"What's he doing here?" I watched as Lyle set up his guitar the way he always did on Thursday nights. It was a Saturday.

"That family reunion group requested music. Max called him in, I guess."

"I have a feeling he's not what they had in mind."

"Yeah, but it's what you have in mind." She winked. Even though I was dating Colin, she knew I hadn't gotten over Lyle. Feelings aren't like that. You can't just shut them off with a switch. Besides, it wasn't a purely physical thing. Could you blame me for connecting with his lyrics? It made him that much more intriguing.

"I don't have a drink."

"What do you mean?" She eyed the rows of bottles behind me.

"I mean, I didn't pick out a drink for him yet. I usually do that on Wednesday nights."

"It's not a drink that's going to get his attention." She leaned back, accentuating her ample cle**age. I wondered if that was her suggested way to get Lyle to look. If so, it wasn't going to work for me.

"I know, but I need to figure it out. I feel like if I can get that right, I'll figure him out. I don't want to date him anyway. I'm with Colin."

"Sure." She smiled. "Good luck coming up with something."

I thought fast. I still thought whiskey was the key, but I wanted to get more creative. I racked my brain for a new whiskey drink but came up with nothing.

"At this rate, I might as well try a Manhattan again," I said mostly to myself. The drink seemed perfect for him, and I was out of other ideas.

I grabbed the sweet vermouth and the Angostura bitters and poured them into a mixing glass with the whiskey. After stirring well (stirring can really make a difference), I strained it into a chilled glass just as he sat down.

Afraid I'd miss my chance, I headed right over to the spot he always played during the colder months. As much as I loved listening to him outside, the closed space somehow made it even better. "Hey." I moved into my usual greeting.

"Hi, Maddy." He used my name. I tried to hide my surprise.

He accepted the drink and sipped it. "Thanks." His eyes stayed focused on my face.

I tried to read his expression. He seemed to like it enough, but he didn't take another sip. He opened his mouth like he was going to say something, but then he closed it.

"Do you need anything else?" I bit my tongue. What else would I be offering? It's not like I served the food.

He smiled. "No. I think I'm good. But I'll let you know if that changes."

"Good." I smiled and walked away.

I met up with Mary at the bar. "Still no luck?"

"On the drink? I don't think so, but I did get a few words of conversation"

"You are such a goofball."

"Yeah, I know."

I filled Mary's tray and set back to listen to Lyle's music. He started with a song he hadn't played in months, and I closed my eyes for a minute to take it in.

I'm hungry for affection...hungry for the way you make me feel.

Just listening to him gave me chills.

You just don't get it. Don't get how much more you are. How much more you'll be.

Keep on dreaming my love, and keep on starving me.

When I opened my eyes, I realized I wasn't alone.

"Colin's going to meet me here in a little bit. This place is happening." Carly smiled, clearly not concerned to find me with my eyes shut.

"Yeah, there are a few parties going on. I guess the holidays are giving this town a new life." It took a second for her words and presence to set in. I had totally forgotten. Colin may not have noticed the way I looked at Lyle, but a girl would. I had to force myself to ignore Lyle's presence. I built up a mental wall to prevent myself from glancing over at him. The hard part was I couldn't ignore his singing.

"That's cool." She turned her head so she could check out the open room. She looked in the direction of Lyle, but my mental wall prevented me from seeing whether that's who she was watching.

"Want a cosmo?"

"Yes! I still love those."

I smiled. "Good." At least I'd gotten that one right. I opened a new container of cranberry juice, you wouldn't believe how much of it we went through, and I made her cosmo.

She sipped her drink as soon as I set it in front of her. "I think Colin got you something really nice for your anniversary."

"Our anniversary?"

"Yeah, your three-month one."

"He got me a gift because we've dated three months?"

Carly laughed. "I guess he wanted an excuse to buy you nice jewelry." She covered her mouth with her hand. "Oops, sorry."

"It's okay, but does that mean I'm supposed to buy him something?"

"Maybe? I think he's planning to take you out somewhere special on Saturday."

"Is he always like this?"

"Does he always make a big deal out of things? No. This is new."

"Then why is he doing it?" I filled a glass with water for myself.

"Because he likes you a lot. Are you complaining that he bought you jewelry and is taking you out?"

"No. I just hope he doesn't think he has to. Like, I'm the kind of girl who needs that stuff."

"Every girl needs that stuff. It's just whether you decide to admit it."

"That's not true." I was surprised by the comment. It didn't seem very Carly.

"I'm not saying we all need jewelry and fancy meals, but we all want a guy to show us he thinks we're worth it."

I slipped off my cardigan sweater. Either it was the crowds or Lyle's music that was getting me hot. "A guy can do that without those kinds of gestures."

"They can, but that's an easy way. Colin's trying hard with you."

"Why do I get the sense that there's something loaded in that statement?"

"Colin dropped me off because he had to run into work for an hour. He'll be here in fifteen minutes."

"Meaning?"

"I've been sitting in the Grille for forty-five minutes." The expression on her face made my stomach drop. If I was hot moments earlier, I was now on fire.

"I'm going to give you the benefit of the doubt and assume you aren't sleeping with that guy, but you want to."

Damn it. "I've had a crush on him for a while, but it's nothing."

"He's into you. He looks over at you when he knows you aren't looking."

"Why are you telling me that?"

"Because I don't want you hurting Colin. If all you're waiting for from that guy is an invitation, you're going to get it."

"I'm not interested in getting with him. I just... This is going to sound stupid."

"Just tell me." Her face slowly faded back into her usual upbeat expression.

"I can't figure out his drink."

"Meaning?"

"I can always figure out people's drinks. I mean, it took me what, two minutes to nail yours?"

"So you can't figure his out?"

"No. And it annoys me for no real reason other than I've never had this problem. I don't know if you've been listening, but he's an awesome songwriter. I want to understand him."

"Maddy, that's great and all, but don't kid yourself. You want to do more than understand him."

"Maybe, but not in a fantasy type of way."

"My advice is to get all your staring out of your system fast. Colin's going to notice, and he's going to be upset."

"He checks out girls. I've caught him on several occasions."

"And do you like it?"

"I don't care." I sipped my water. "It's a normal reaction."

"To be honest, I don't know if Colin would care, but I do. I love my brother, and you make him happy. I want you to continue to make him happy." A few tears welled in her eyes and I knew they had nothing to do with her being afraid of me leaving Colin.

"Do you want to talk?"

"Did Colin tell you what happened?"

"No..." I wondered if he wanted it to stay that way, or if his silence was to protect his sister's privacy.

"I figured he hadn't, but you might as well know."

"Okay." I braced myself.

"My sister thinks I slept with her husband."

"What?" I slammed my water down on the bar. "Why would she think that?"

"He tried to come on to me when he was drunk, and I made the stupid mistake of telling her." She rested her elbows on the bar. "He defended himself by telling her I was the one trying to seduce him. She believed him that I started it-but she didn't believe it was only an attempt."

"Is that why your parents are so weird with you?"

"They don't believe I slept with him, but they think I hit on him. Kim isn't even talking to me, although she talks to him."

"That's awful."

"It is. Isn't it?" She polished off her drink. "Sometimes life is out of our control. You have to enjoy the moments when you can actually slow it down."

Wow. I couldn't imagine what Carly was going through. I thought my relationship with my parents sucked, but her parents believed she tried to steal her sister's husband. How little did they think of her?

"Colin didn't believe it, did he?"

She shook her head. "No. He sided with me. He never liked the guy. That's why I was here this summer. I needed to get away before school started."

"That's why he didn't tell me about your visit."

"Yeah. I don't think he wanted to explain. I'm sure it's hard for him to be stuck in the middle."

"It's harder for you." I made her another cosmo. I held up the bottle of vodka, wordlessly asking her if she wanted it strong. She nodded. I slid the drink over to her. "I'm sorry."

"It's not your fault. Why are you apologizing? I just wish I could go back in time and stop myself from telling her."

"You told her the truth."

"Yeah, sometimes the truth is worse than the lies."

"I guess so." I promised myself I'd call my parents. Maybe I was being dumb about cutting them off. They treated me better than Carly's treated hers. But something bothered me about her statement. "No. I think you did the right thing."

"Yeah?"

"He would have done it again, and then what would have happened when you tried to explain? It's better to have gotten it out there."

"Thanks. I appreciate that. Colin says exactly the same thing."

"I always knew Colin was smart."

Chapter Twenty

I'm one of those people who loves eggnog. I don't just like it; I love it. It's not the holidays without it. Although I'll happily drink it nonalcoholic, I love mine with Southern Comfort. Colin can't stand the stuff. That's how I knew he was trying to make me happy when he filled up a glass and put it to his lips.

I placed a hand on his arm. "You don't have to drink it."

"I know I don't." He took a seat on the love seat.

"Then why are you?"

"I'm trying to figure out what makes you like it so much."

"No." I settled down next to him. "You're trying to kiss up to me."

"And why would I do that?"

"I don't know. I'm trying to figure it out."

He set aside his nearly untouched cup and pulled my feet onto his lap, starting in on a foot massage.

"Okay, now you're scaring me." I closed my eyes, my feet very happy with the attention after wearing heels all night during our holiday party. The party was the first event we'd hosted together, and I thought it had gone pretty well, despite how rushed everything was. Colin had made it home about ten minutes before the guests arrived.

"What? Can't I just want to give you a foot rub?"

"No."

He laughed. "Should I tell you?"

"Yes."

"Come home with me for the holidays."

My eyes opened. "No."

"Wow, that was fast. Not even going to pretend to think about it?"

"I need to spend it with my parents, and you need to make things right." I nodded over to where Carly slept curled up on the couch. The last of our party guests had left about an hour before, and we'd cleaned up all the essentials and were taking a break.

"Can't you do both? Our parents are only a few hours apart. Christmas Eve with one, Christmas with the other?"

I shook my head.

"Please."

"Why do you want it so much?"

"My parents want to see you again. They barely met you at my cousin's wedding. I talk about you constantly, and they want to know you better."

"Talk about me constantly? Do you tell them that my bartending is temporary?" The words spilled out without a filter.

"Yes, because it is."

I'd held in my frustration all night, but I couldn't anymore. On no less than three occasions he'd described my bartending as a stepping stone to something better. I wondered if he had a clue how condescending it came off.

"Why do you have to tell everyone that? It's like you have to explain away my pitiful career."

"You want people to think you plan to bartend for the rest of your life?"

"Why not? There's nothing wrong with it."

His hands stilled on my feet. "You have a college degree, Maddy. You're going to use it eventually."

"Maybe, maybe not." I moved to sitting.

"Are you trying to pick a fight?"

"No. I just wish you weren't embarrassed of me."

"Embarrassed by you? Wasn't I inviting you home for Christmas?" He put an arm around me. "Generally, you don't ask someone to come home if you're embarrassed of them."

"You invited the chem degree Maddy home, not the bartending Maddy."

"And those are different people?" He eyed me skeptically.

"I don't know. You tell me." I sighed. "Forget I said anything."

"Should I?"

"Yes." I leaned into his side.

He opened his arms for me. "How about we put the rest of the cleaning off until tomorrow."

"Sounds good." I closed my eyes, feeling warm, safe, and content in Colin's arms.

***

I checked my watch again. He was officially twenty-five minutes late, and his one and only text message had come at the two-minute mark. I understood he was busy with work-I got it, but I wasn't the one who insisted on making reservations for a three-month anniversary.

I sipped my wine. I'd given in and ordered a drink at the ten-minute mark. Otherwise, they probably would have thrown me out. I was taking up a prime real estate table with a view of the water. It would have been romantic if my date had showed. A few months earlier, I would have been shocked by his tardiness, but I was growing used to it. As an early bird myself, it usually meant I was waiting a long time.

I texted him again. Should I leave?

Two minutes later I got a response. No, please. I'll be there in a few minutes. Go ahead and order something to hold you over.

I didn't text back. Instead, I pretended to study the menu so the waiter wouldn't come over again.

Ten minutes later, he still hadn't showed. It was time to leave. I reached for my purse, surprised when I remembered I'd brought my tiny silver clutch. The same clutch with no room for my wallet. I'd slipped in all of a five-dollar bill, my phone, a house key, and Chapstick. Damn it. My five dollars wasn't going to cover the wine. I texted both Macon and Brody, but neither responded. The only one left was Carly. I was too annoyed to call Colin. I sent her a text.

Your brother stood me up.

Seriously? Are you at the restaurant?

Yes. Any chance you could come by and lend me a few bucks? I don't have enough to cover my wine.

I'll do one better. See you in twenty.

I'd just sent the waiter away again when Carly showed up, slipping into the seat across from me. "Hey, Mad."

"Hey, C. Thanks for this. I should have brought a credit card." We'd taken to using the new nicknames as a joke, but I kind of liked them.

"One usually assumes they don't have to bring money when their boyfriend is buying dinner."

"Yeah, he's blown me off before, but this is pretty bad."

"Well, let's make the night better. Pick out a drink for me."

"Wait, we're staying?"

She grinned. "Yes."

"I guess I'll pay you back later."

"Oh no. This is all on Colin." She slipped an American Express Gold Card onto the table.

"Is that Colin's?"

She nodded. "I stopped by his office and got it."

"So he knows you're here?"

"Yes. He was kind of getting his ass handed to him, but he did give us a ticket to a good time tonight."

"All right. What are you in the mood for? I'm kind of in the mood for a martini. Do you want one too?"

"Yes. But make it top shelf."

"Carly."

"Colin would insist on it."

I ordered our drinks, and Carly ordered us both the Surf and Turf consisting of filet mignon and lobster tail. That was only after ordering every appetizer on the menu.

"Hey, is the brandy sampler good?" she asked when the waiter came back.

"Very."

"We'll have that. Or make that two."

I blanched. "I don't drink brandy."

"So? I'm sure someone in the restaurant does."

I gasped. "Carly. This is crazy. Do you realize what the bill is going to be?"

"Yes, but Colin needs to stop being such a prick before he loses you. I love him, but I'd kick a guy's ass if he stood me up like this."

"Would you really?"

She shrugged. "I'd want to."

I laughed before bringing my martini to my lips. "At least the drinks are good."

"Agreed." Carly clinked her glass against mine.

Two hours later, we hobbled out of the restaurant. We'd made some new friends and tried more variations of brandy than I knew existed. And I try to stay on top of my liquors. Both of us were far too inebriated to drive, but we were full of a lot of good food.

"Hopefully, Macon picks up this time." I didn't bother to text. I wasn't sure I'd be able to type anything resembling English.

"Hey, sunshine." Macon always made up random nicknames for me.

"Hey, Macon!"

"Uh-oh. Why are you drunk dialing me from a date?"

"I got stood up."

"Seriously? I'm sorry, Maddy."

"It's okay. Carly met me. But we had a drink or two and can't drive."

"Or like twenty!" Carly yelled into the phone.

"Why don't you wait at the cafe? I'll be right there."

An hour later, I was deep into a game of Bullshit. Brody had come in from work about five minutes after we did. Carly had opted to come back to our place, and I decided that cards seemed more fun when you were drunk. A lot of things seem more fun when you're drunk.

I wasn't sure if Colin had called, because I'd purposely left my phone across the room. I was in a great mood, and he wasn't going to ruin it.

After losing to Carly three times, that girl could bullshit like a pro, I stretched out on the couch. I'd just closed my eyes when the knocking started. I groaned. What was with people coming to the door while I slept? I wanted to ignore it, but I knew Macon and Brody would kill me if I didn't get it to stop, and Carly was out cold on the love seat. I already knew who it would be.

I dragged myself to the door and pulled it open.

"I'm so sorry." Colin fell to his knees in front of me.

In my slightly drunken state, I laughed. Probably not the best thing to do.

He clenched my shirt with his hands. "I know you're mad, but I wanted to see you."

"Don't you feel like we have this conversation a lot?"

"It's only the second time."

"Still, that's a lot for three months." I crossed my arms.

"I couldn't leave. The Dallas deal fell through. It completely fell through."

"Oh. I'm so sorry." He'd been working months on it. I put a hand on his shoulder. "Tonight's incident aside, I know that must have been rough." My anger gave way as I looked into his devastated eyes. He put everything into his job, but sometimes everything isn't enough.

His hands released my shirt and moved to my arms. He tugged gently to make me put them down so he could hold my hands. "You know I never would have left you sitting there if I could have avoided it."

"I know how hard you worked on that project."

"That just makes Paris more important. I can't f**k up again."

"You didn't mess up."

"Yes, I did. I lost this."

I sighed. "I'm too tired and drunk to do this right now."

"I have something for you." He pulled a small box from his pocket.

I opened it. "Wow. They're beautiful." The diamond earrings were way over the top, but that was something else I wasn't up for arguing about.

"Their each half a carat."

"Thank you." I hugged him, deciding to hold off on giving him the engraved journal I'd bought him. I figured it was time for him to move on from spiral notebooks.

He took my hand. "No. Thank you. Thank you for putting up with me for the last three months."

"It's late. Do you want to stay here?"

He didn't look like he had the energy to drive.

"Can I?"

"Do you want to sleep on the couch or squeeze into my twin bed with me?"

He didn't hesitate with his answer. "Your bed."

"Okay." I led him into my room. I pulled back the covers, displacing some clothes I'd left on top earlier. I slipped in. I was already in my favorite sweats.

He undressed down to his underwear and got in next to me.

Lying there with him, my mind raced. I knew it was time to make a decision, and it wasn't going to be an easy one to make.

Chapter Twenty-One

I put off the conversation with Colin as long as I could. I loved the time we spent together, and I knew my answer would change everything. Colin only got busier after the anniversary dinner debacle. He tried to make time for me, but he couldn't. We barely ever had sex anymore, and I'm not even sure he noticed. Still, he'd randomly text me and email me pictures of Paris, and tell me how excited he was for us to have time away-I'd never said yes, but he'd taken my non-answer to mean exactly that. To be fair, I wasn't making a huge effort myself. I'd checked out after he stood me up. I was tired of always taking the backseat to his job. I was tired of rejection, and I wanted someone who found me important enough to put me first. As Lyle sang in one of his songs, A girl needs to know there's no one else in the world but her.

"I need to talk to you." The words slipped from my mouth as soon as he opened his front door. I pushed past him, wanting as little physical contact as possible. A caress or a kiss would only make it harder.

"About?" His eyes twinkled. He had no idea what was coming, and that made it so much worse. It was eleven o'clock at night, and I was pretty sure he'd just gotten home.

"The trip."

"What about it?" He displayed the first hint of nerves.

"I'm not coming." My hand formed a fist. I was so tense and nervous I wanted to be sick.

"What?" He rested a hand on the wall. "Why not?"

"I just can't."

"Sure you can. We've been over this. It won't cost you anything."

I looked down, finding it impossible to meet his eye. "I need to stay here."

"Why? What the hell is so important that you have to stay?" Anger filled his voice. I'm sure his exhaustion had something to do with it.

"Work, my friends, me."

"You? What's that supposed to mean?"

"You don't want me for who I really am, Colin. You have this idealized version of me, but it's not me."

"How can you even say that? Of course I know the real you."

"You don't. I can tell by the way you tell your friends that bartending is only until I find something better. You don't know me."

"I know you aren't going to spend your whole life behind a bar."

"But I'm also not jumping up and down to apply for jobs either."

"So? What does that have to do with me not knowing you? I don't get it."

"You think I'm something I'm not. You've been so busy working that you haven't taken the time to figure out who I really am."

"Oh. So this is my fault? I'm sorry that I work for a living. I'm sorry that I care about our future."

"Our future? We've been dating a few months, Colin. My future has nothing to do with yours."

His mouth fell open. "You say that I haven't taken the time to really get to know you? Well, do you even know yourself? Who are you, Maddy?" The anger in his voice scared me, but it was better than hearing hurt.

"No, but that's the whole point."

"The whole point?"

"If I don't know who I am, how can I commit to you?"

He groaned. "It's just three months. I don't want to spend three months apart. Do you really want to?"

"I'm not asking you to do long distance. You're free to date or do whatever you want."

"So this is about more than the trip? You're trying to break up with me?" His anger wavered. He was scared.

I nodded, knowing that if I spoke I'd probably start crying.

"Why? I don't get it. You can't be with me because you're trying to find yourself? Or wait. Sorry, that was only one attempt at bullshitting an excuse. The first one was that I don't really know you. And let's not forget that I work too much. What other crap do you have waiting for me? Where the hell is this all coming from?"

"You can't be surprised. We've barely seen each other for weeks."

"I had to get things tied up before we left. I want to have time for you in Paris."

"Oh, because magically I'll come first there?"

"What do you want from me, Maddy? What am I supposed to say right now to fix things? Should I quit my job? Is that what it's going to take? Because I'll do it. I'd quit this second if it meant I wouldn't lose you."

"No. You have to do what's best for you. Your job is important."

"You are important." He pleaded with me with his eyes.

"I'm not going to hold you back. You've worked too hard to let that happen.

He buried his face in his hands. "Fuck. Fuck. Fuck."

"I'm sorry. It's for the best though."

"So what? You want time to find yourself? Is that what's going on here?"

"That's part of it."

"When you figure out who you are, will you let me know?" It was more of a taunt, and that hurt worse than anything.

"Maybe. I don't know."

"What? I get you don't want to come with me. I get you want space or something like that to 'find yourself.'" He used air quotes. "But are you saying there's not even a chance you want to try us again when I get back?"

"I don't think you'll like the person you find." I forced myself to meet his eyes.

"What? How can you say that?" He looked at me, really looked at me like he was trying to pull out answers.

"You would have loved the girl I was supposed to be."

"What if that's who you are? Ever think that you're running from yourself? You're smart Maddy. So what if you didn't get into medical school? Does that mean you have to give up on any career?" He reached for me. "Wait. Scratch all of that. I don't care what you do. I just want you."

"I don't know what I want, and I'm not going to figure it out by following you to another continent so you can ignore me and work."

"I told you I'm going to have more time. I promise."

"You can't promise that."

"I love you, Maddy."

I shook my head.

"No. You don't get to tell me what I think and feel." He reached for my hand, and I let him take it. "I love you."

"I-"

"No. Don't even say it. I know you feel the same way, but I also know you're too afraid to admit it. The next three months are going to suck, but I'm not giving up on you, Maddy. I'm not giving up on us."

"I'm not promising you anything." I needed to be honest. I had no clue what the next few months would bring, and I wasn't going to leave him with the wrong impression.

"I am. I'm going to Paris for work, and that's what I'll do. I'm calling you once a week, and if you don't pick up, that's your choice. But I'm calling. I've never met anyone like you, anyone who made me feel the way you do. I'd be an idiot to give up this chance."

"Why promise that when I can't promise it in return?"

"Because I'd rather you get it all out of your system. Do what you need to do. If that means sleeping with other guys-as awful as that sounds to me, then so be it. But I'll let it be known that I don't think sex is going to help you find yourself. You're not going to find better sex than what we have." He said it playfully, and it lightened the mood in a strange way. "But do what you need to. Talk to your parents. Figure out what you want. Just do me a favor and let me know if you leave Corolla. I need to be able to find you. Could you at least promise me that? Promise me that I'll get to see you when I get back, even if you can't promise you'll want to date me?"

I nodded. My guess was he wouldn't even care by the time he got back. He'd move on.

He took my face in his hands. "I'm sorry you feel that you need to do this. I wish you felt strong enough to jump on an opportunity, to take a chance with me here."

"The chance is not going. The chance is staying."

"I'm going to miss you. And you're going to miss me. You like the way you feel when we're together, and you'll miss it. If it gets to be too much, just call. I'll send you a ticket. This isn't all or nothing."

"I wish I had your confidence."

"I do too. If you did, we wouldn't be having this conversation."

"And that statement is exactly why we're having it. We're in such different places, and we both know it. Like I said before. You don't really want me." I stepped away from him and turned toward the door.

"Just like that? You're going to leave just like that?"

"What am I supposed to do?"

"Stay tonight. Give us a little more time."

I shook my head. "No."

"Why not? This whole thing has nothing to do with your feelings for me. I know that, so don't even try to deny it."

"I wasn't planning to."

"Then why not stay?"

"I'm afraid."

"Afraid you'll change your mind?" He knew me too well.

"Yes. And that would be a mistake." I sighed. "Goodbye, Colin. Have a safe trip."

He grabbed my arm and pulled me against him. "No. You are not walking out like that." His lips crushed into mine, and I let them. I needed the closure as much as he did. I soaked it all in. I soaked in the cinnamon, the tanginess, the feeling of comfort I'd never found before. His hands roamed, and I broke the kiss. I couldn't talk.

He squeezed my hand, but then let go. "Don't do anything too crazy, Maddy. Don't do anything you can't come back from."

"I already did that." I smiled slightly before walking out the door.

Chapter Twenty-Two

I was out of ideas. Either Lyle didn't have a drink, or if he did, I was incapable of finding it. I watched him setting up his guitar without even glancing over, and I startled as a flood of anger flowed through me.

I was so convinced the Manhattan was right, but it wasn't. Maybe I was wrong about the whiskey. Maybe I was wrong about it all. I decided to give him the last drink I'd picture him enjoying. He didn't seem into tart, and from the expression on his face when I gave him vodka, that wasn't his thing either. I grabbed both and poured them into a shaker. I shook it hard before pouring it over ice in a highball. I didn't bother with garnish.

My phone vibrated in the back pocket of my skirt. I let it go to voicemail. I knew who it would be. I repeated the same excuses I told myself every time I thought about it-which was at least ten times a day. If I'd gone with Colin I'd just spend the time waiting around. I'd have hated him by the end, and he would have hated me for being so upset. Maybe at some point I'd be willing to settle for someone who put me second, but at twenty-two it didn't feel right. Not when I knew there were guys out there who understood me and who would want me enough to put me first. Maybe it wasn't Lyle, but there was someone else.

I sighed and placed the glass on a cocktail napkin. I needed to give up on Lyle too. My interest was a weird obsession that had gone too far.

I found Lyle waiting to start his set. "Hey."

"Hey. Thanks."

"No problem." I walked back to the bar. Macon had gone home for a few days, and Brody wasn't working Thursdays anymore, so I was on my own. Watching Lyle alone reminded me of the time Carly had come in. I wondered if I'd ever talk to her again.

Lyle sipped his vodka cranberry, looked at it and took another sip. He'd never taken two consecutive sips before. Then he took a third and smiled-at me. He found me across the bar and held up the drink.

My heart could have stopped. He liked a vodka cranberry? Seriously?

A crowd came in, and I missed most of his first set as I made small talk while mixing drinks and opening beers.

"Hey."

I turned around in surprise.

Lyle stood at the bar with a smile, and for once, he showed some teeth. "Do you want to do something after you get off? Hang out or something?"

"Oh. Sure." My heart sped up. What was happening?

I could barely concentrate as I finished up at work that night. I served drinks without thinking, and thankfully didn't spill much. Lyle finished his last set and sat around waiting for me to get off.

"What do you want to do?" I asked, slipping on a sweater.

"I don't think anything is open. Want to drive around?"

"Yeah. Okay." I hadn't done that since high school.

Settled in his car, I tried to stay calm. It was just hanging out-nothing to get bent out of shape about. We sat in silence, and I needed to break it.

"So, how long have you been playing guitar?"

"Since I was eight. It's pretty much my life."

"That's awesome. I love your music."

"Yeah?" He took his eyes off the road to smile at me. "That's cool."

"Where do you come up with your ideas? Do you write the words first or the music?"

He put a hand behind my seat. "Oh. I don't even write my own lyrics anymore. I kind of suck at it."

"What?"

"I actually lucked out. I met a guy around here who loves writing but hates performing and doesn't play much. He gives me notebooks of lyrics, and I write songs. I think he just likes that the words are out there. You know? I get that. I totally get that."

"Who is it?" I gripped the oh-my-god bar. "Who writes your lyrics?"

"His name's Colin. He hangs out at the Grille sometimes."

"Stop the car!"

"What?"

"We're only a few blocks from my place. Stop the car!"

"Are you sure?"

"Yes. STOP THE CAR!"

It was like one of those eighties movies. The fist pumping music started, and I had to get to Colin. I barely waited for the car to stop before I busted out and started running home. How could I have been so stupid? How could I have been so blind? All along those lyrics had been Colin's? I'd felt such an intense connection to him and didn't even know it. Were any of those songs written for me? Colin was right, he did know me. I was starting to wonder if he knew me even better than I knew myself.

***

"If one needed to extend their credit limit quickly, how would they do it?" I slumped down on Macon's bed while he played some game on his computer.

"Well, it depends what one needs the money for."

"Why? You don't have to tell the credit card company that."

"No, but you could tell your friend." He spun around in his chair to look at me.

"I messed up so bad, Macon. I don't know how I let this happen." That's when the tears started. I'd kept them in the whole time, but I couldn't anymore. "It was his lyrics. They were his lyrics."

"Wait. Whose?"

"Colin's! Colin wrote all the lyrics for Lyle's songs!"

Macon burst out laughing. "No f**king way!"

"Yes, way. I need to see him." I buried my face in my hands. "I was already missing him like crazy, and now this? Things with us might not be perfect, but I need to try. I shouldn't have just given up."

"Finally she gets it. Relationships take work. Didn't you say he offered to quit his job for you?"

I nodded.

"That's extreme, but find a compromise. No more wasting time finding yourself. That's bullshit, and you know it."

"I know. I just didn't think he really got me."

"You thought wrong."

"Real helpful." I stared down at my hands.

I waited for Macon's comforting arms, but they didn't come. Instead I heard typing. I looked up.

"Try this for helpful. Your credit's extended." Macon gestured for me to join him at his computer. "When do you want to leave?"

"Now would be great."

He smiled. "How about I book you a flight for first thing tomorrow morning?"

"That works too." I sat down on the edge of the desk. "But you don't have to do this."

"Yes, I do."

"Why?"

"Because if I was ever broke and needed to see the love of my life in another country, I'd hope you'd buy the ticket for me."

I gave him a huge hug. "Oh my god, Macon. You're amazing."

"Yeah, yeah. Tell me something I don't already know."

"I'll pay you back."

"Let's get real. It's Colin we're talking about. How long do you think he'll wait before he sends me a check?"

I laughed. "I guess it depends on whether he wants me back."

"He wants you back."

"How do you know?"

He typed in my name and birthday so he could purchase the ticket. "Because you can't be that easy to get over, and because the guy's in love with you."

"I hope you're right."

"Me too. I don't want to have to buy you a ticket home tomorrow."

I pushed his arm. "Don't make me doubt this."

"I won't. I already thought you should make things work. Now you finally have your proof. Only you, Maddy. Only you."

"I can do this."

"Yeah, you can. But one small detail." He forwarded me the email confirmation.

"What's that?"

"I take it you want to surprise him?"

"Yes. That's the plan."

"So how are you going to find out where he's staying?"

"Oh. I guess I could call Gabriel. I still have his number."

"Skeevy boss guy?"

"Yeah...

Macon leaned back in his desk chair. "Have fun with that."

"It's worth it."

I pulled out my phone and called Gabriel, glad I had his number.

He picked up on the first ring. "Maddy?" It wasn't until I heard his groggy voice that I realized it was one a.m.

"Hi. Sorry about the time. I just need Colin's address in Paris."

"Missing him too?"

"Too?"

"I chatted with him this afternoon."

"Oh. Does he sound okay?"

"He'd be better if he wasn't picturing you with other men."

"Well, I made a mistake."

"Oh?" Gabriel's voice rose slightly.

"I need his address so I can surprise him."

I could almost hear him smiling through the phone.

"I have it at the office. What's your email?"

I spelled it out for him.

"Okay, I'll get it to you first thing tomorrow."

"Thanks so much."

"Of course. But Maddy?"

"Yeah?"

"Take care of him."

"I will." I hung up the phone. It was time to pack.

Chapter Twenty-Three

I checked the number on the door one more time before knocking. I knew I looked like hell from the flight and jet lag, but I didn't care. My heart beat a mile a minute.

"Bonjour?" a woman in a robe answered the door.

I wanted to vomit. "Oh. Sorry."

"Puis-je vous aider?"

"Uh. Forget it." Another lesson learned: make sure to study up on basic phrases before visiting a foreign country.

The woman gave me another look before closing the door. I slid down to the floor in the hall. Now what? Could I call Macon for a ticket home? Had Colin really moved on that fast?

I closed my eyes, and let myself wallow in self-pity for a few minutes. At least I wasn't sitting outside in the rain.

"Maddy?"

I opened my eyes to see Colin kneeling down in front of me.

"Hi."

"You're here?"

"I'm here."

I barely registered what was happening before he had me in his arms and was pushing open the door-number six, not eight.

"Gabriel gave me the wrong number. You're not with that woman?" I pointed to number eight.

"What? I already told you I don't want anyone else."

He didn't stop moving until we were on his bed. His really small bed. "I'm going to assume that you didn't fly this far to remind me why we shouldn't be together?"

"No. I didn't." I locked eyes with him. "I came to tell you that I love you."

His eyes lit up. "I can't tell you how happy I am to hear that."

"And I know about your lyrics. I know about the songs you write."

He smiled. "Someone told you my little secret?"

"Why didn't you tell me?"

"I didn't think you'd care."

"I do."

He smiled. "Okay. I write song lyrics."

"I love them." I wanted to tell him how they got me in a place I didn't think music could, and that he was right about how connected we were, but words weren't what we needed.

"And I love you." His lips met mine while his arms wrapped around me. My exhaustion melted away as soon as his tongue pushed its way into my mouth, and his hand made its way under my sweater. "Damn, I've missed you." His lips left mine long enough to pull my sweater over my head.

"I've missed you too. So much." I unbuttoned his pink dress shirt, quickly discarding it. He got to his t-shirt before I could.

My hands moved down his chest on their own volition-at least it felt that way. It also felt that way when I took off his pants seconds later. He did the same with mine.

He moved so quickly with my bra that he ripped the lace. Yes, I'd flown that far in a lace bra-I wanted to be prepared.

He hesitated with a finger underneath the edge of my panties. "You're really here, right? This isn't some dream I'm going to wake up from feeling like crap?"

"Have you had a lot of those dreams?"

"A few."

"It's not a dream." I urged his hand down to remove the lacy fabric while I got rid of his briefs. I needed his naked body against mine.

"Can you prove it?"

"Prove it's not a dream?"

"Yeah."

"There's only one way I know how to do that."

I climbed on top of him, knowing that neither of us had any need or desire for foreplay. "I'm hoping this is going to be better than your imagination."

"I like that line of thinking-"

He didn't finish the sentence as I guided him in.

We watched one another like we were looking at each other for the first time. His hands gripped my hips, and I enjoyed every sensation. Maybe it was the two weeks apart-or the fact that I now knew the truth about his songs, but that night was like magic. Nothing else existed as we moved together perfectly.

He rolled me over, kissing my neck in just the right spot as he introduced me to a new level of completeness. One that was equal parts emotion and physical satisfaction. It was as though we both took down invisible walls.

Afterward, we cuddled until we fell asleep. Other than a few essential trips for basic human necessities, we didn't leave his bed until three in the afternoon. Colin took the entire day off work and didn't touch his phone after calling in his day off.

We ordered in room service-a nice benefit of living in a hotel, and we didn't venture out until it was almost dinnertime.

"What should we get to drink?" he asked, holding both of my hands over the bar.

"I don't know. Do you want a gin and tonic or something? Or just beer?"

He looked at me funny. "I'd rather have a different drink."

"Aren't they your favorite?"

He looked down. "No."

"What? Why'd you make it seem like they were?"

"You seemed so proud of yourself. I couldn't destroy that."

"So what do you like?"

"I really like Manhattans."

"Seriously?" My chest tightened.

"Yeah."

I'd been right. The Manhattan was perfect-I'd just made it for the wrong guy. I reached over and grabbed Colin's face, pushing it into mine. If he was surprised by my sudden attack on his face, he didn't show it, and moments later, I was in his lap.

The bartender shouted something in French. The only word I understood was "brothel." We took that as our cue to leave.

We walked back to the hotel hand in hand, and I watched the setting sun. I'd been wrong about so many things that year. I was wrong about drinks, about Lyle, about Colin, and most importantly, me.

Mixing the perfect drink is kind of like finding the perfect guy: It's all about the taste and presentation. Who would have thought that I'd like mine in a suit and tasting a whole lot like cinnamon?

