Chapter One

Becca

There were no warning signs. The car just went from running, to a slow sputter, and then completely dead. Luckily I was able to coast the car over to the shoulder. Thank goodness for the little things in life.

Fishing my phone out of my purse, I prayed for service. Two bars. It would be enough. I dialed Molly. She'd come get me. I waited for the call to go through, but nothing happened. I hung up and tried again. Nothing. I couldn't hold off the first hint of panic.

The sun descended quickly, and I was stranded on the side of the road in the middle of nowhere. Hitting Molly's number again, I waited, but got only more dead air. I considered getting out of the car to see if I got better service, but that seemed too much like what would happen in a horror movie. Girls in those kinds of movies always did stupid things like getting out of their cars.

I sat for another few minutes, contemplating my options. An SUV pulled up behind me. I stiffened. Was this going to be help or just someone using my car breaking down as an excuse to kill me?

As I sat there freaking out about the possibilities, I heard a knock on my window. My heart just about jumped out of my chest. Hesitantly, I looked up and saw a tall hulk of a man right outside the car. He gestured with his hands for me to open the door. I shook my head no. This guy was huge. There was no way I was opening the door.

He nodded, held up a finger as if telling me to wait, and disappeared. I waited, wondering what he was up to and whether I could find any sort of weapon. I settled for closing my fist around the small container of mace I kept in my bag.

I heard another rap on the window and glanced over. The man held a badge up for me to read. He was a cop. Of course anyone could fake a police badge, but that seemed extreme even for my imagination. I decided to take a chance and open the door.

Before I could even open it all the way, the guy ducked his head down to talk to me. "Having car trouble?"

I tried to appear more confident than I really felt. "Yeah, it looks that way."

"I can take a look at it for you, but honestly, I'm not great with cars. I'm guessing by the Massachusetts plates that you're not from around here."

"No, I'm not." Cop or not, I wasn't going to give him more information than I had to.

"Where are you headed?" He squatted down, making eye contact. He was good at this-yeah, he was really a cop.

"Umm, Clayton Falls?" I looked down at the Google directions I'd printed out in case my GPS failed. Molly hadn't talked much about her town, so the name still sounded foreign on my tongue.

"Clayton Falls, huh?"

"Yeah."

"You wouldn't happen to be Molly's friend, would you?" A faint smile played on his lips. It gave him an almost boyish look that was at odds with his size.

How'd he know? "Yes..."

"I'm a friend of hers." He held out his hand. "Gavin Powell."

"You're Gavin? The Gavin?" Molly had told me about her near fling with the hot cop in her hometown, but I thought she'd exaggerated his good looks and size.

He smiled. "So you've heard about me? As far as I know, I'm the only Gavin."

I remembered my situation. Not the time to flirt. "Is there any way you can help me get through to her? My phone isn't working."

"Yeah, service is iffy out this way. Why don't I give you a lift? I'll take care of getting your car towed." He leaned in closer, his body heat making an already warm evening hotter. His brown hair was messy, and I had a feeling he never really bothered to fix it. His friendly hazel eyes begged me to trust him, but I couldn't.

"That's really generous, but really, I can wait for Molly."

"Listen, Ms..." He looked at me, waiting for me to fill in the blanks.

"Harris. Becca Harris."

"I appreciate your hesitation. It's smart for a woman to be careful, but we've already established I'm a police officer, and we share a mutual friend. You can trust me." His voice was low and rich with a sexy drawl that got under my skin.

He was probably right, but I still wasn't willing to make a stupid decision. "For all I know, the badge is fake."

"And I just happened to know the person you were coming to see?"

"No, but-"

"Come on. It's getting late, and I can't leave you out here." He shook his head at me in frustration.

"Fine." If I was debating chances of survival, taking a ride was probably the better option.

He reached out a hand to help me out of my dead car.

"I'm fine." I let go of the mace, put my purse over my shoulder, and got out. I went around to the trunk, popping it open to retrieve my suitcases.

"I've got them." Gavin placed a hand on mine as if to get me to release the handle of the first bag. I tried to ignore how nice the momentary contact felt. I hadn't felt the warmth of a large, capable hand in a very long time.

"You sure?" I turned to look at him, but in the growing darkness, I saw more shadow than anything.

"Yeah, is this it?"

"I just have a garment bag in the backseat." I went around and pulled it out. The bag contained the most important part of my wardrobe-my suit. I wasn't sure how much I'd need it in Clayton Falls, but I didn't want to be caught without it.

"Ready?" he asked.

"Uh huh."

I followed him to his car, one of those huge SUVs I'd never pick in a million years, and waited as he stowed my bags in the back. I stepped up into the passenger seat, wondering for the umpteenth time what I was even doing in North Carolina.

The impersonal email letting me know I wasn't being asked back to work in the DA's office for the summer had been the final straw. I'd wanted to work for the District Attorney since I was 17-I didn't have a backup plan. My second year of law school had been a disaster. Starting the year without my best friend Molly had been hard enough-but then a few months later, my Mom died.

"You okay over there?" Gavin started the engine and eased us back onto the road.

"Yeah, sorry."

He glanced over at me and frowned before turning his attention to the road. "You aren't what I expected."

"I beg your pardon?"

"I guess I expected someone more like Molly."

"Oh, did you?" I guess Gavin wasn't as over my friend as she'd thought. Of course, she probably hadn't thought much about it since getting married to her high school sweetheart, Ben, the previous summer. I hadn't been able to make the wedding on the short notice she gave, but I'd never heard her happier than when she called me the next day. It's not that I blamed Gavin for having trouble moving on. Molly was a gorgeous blond with a big heart.

"Yeah. Maybe it's the accent or something."

"My accent?" I asked, surprised that he wasn't talking about my appearance. With my long dark hair and at least five inches on her, Molly and I definitely couldn't pass for twins.

He turned to look at me. "You don't think you have an accent?"

"It's not as bad as yours." Molly had made fun of my Boston accent more than a few times over the years, and I'd always thrown the taunting right back at her.

"I don't have an accent," he said indignantly, as if I'd slapped him.

"Okay, whatever you say, Mr. Southern Drawl."

"Now I remember why I hate northerners," he grumbled. His once friendly expression darkened.

"Seriously?"

"Yeah. You're all the same."

I coughed. "Please tell me you're joking." Great, I hoped I wouldn't be dealing with the northerner junk all summer.

"No. I'm just wondering what made you come down here. You're going to be a fish out of water."

"Are you done?" I wasn't going to listen to more of his condescending attitude.

"Maybe. Are you?"

"What? All I did was mention you had an accent too."

"Mr. Southern Drawl? That's just mentioning it?"

"Okay, let's just agree to drop it. No more talking about accents."

"Fine by me." He nodded. "We'll be there soon, anyway."

"Good. I just want to get to Molly's."

We rode in silence. I still wasn't sure how I'd managed to set him off, but evidently he was sensitive about the accent thing.

I glanced over at Gavin a few times, but he just stared stiffly straight ahead. For such a good looking guy, he had a horrible personality.

He pulled off the interstate and onto a small highway. With no lights or any other cars, there was something kind of eerie about it.

I felt the urge to break the silence. "You're not from here, right?" I remembered Molly mentioning something about it.

"Nope."

Add wonderful conversationalist to his long list of good traits. "Is there any reason why you're being rude to me?"

He laughed dryly. "Rude to you? I'm giving you a ride, aren't I?"

"Sure, but you've barely said two words."

"I've said more than two."

"Oh, does everything have to be literal with you?"

"Does everything have to be a question with you?" His hand tightened on the wheel. "Listen, you're Molly's friend, so I'm taking you to her place. I never agreed to provide any entertainment."

"Okay..."

I took out my cell again. This time I had service.

Molly picked up right away. "Becca? Hey, where are you?"

"I'm almost there, but I had to get a ride from someone. I'll fill you in when I get to your house."

"Wait, who gave you a ride?"

"Gavin."

"You're with Gavin? What happened?"

"I'll tell you later." I didn't want to go into details with Gavin listening. He'd probably find another reason to argue with me.

"Okay, see you in a few minutes."

I hung up, replacing the phone in my bag. Gavin never glanced over.

Gavin drove around a square that looked as if it came straight out of a 1950s sitcom or something. The stores still appeared to be mostly mom and pop places. I hadn't thought those stores were still around. We moved into a residential neighborhood, and I looked out the window rather than at Gavin. Rows of modest, but well-kept homes lined the streets.

He pulled into a driveway, and before I could even register we'd arrived, Molly had my door open.

"Becca!" I jumped down and let her pull me into a hug. I heard some light laughter and looked past Molly to find her husband.

"You must be Ben."

"Yes, and you must be Becca. It's nice to finally meet you." He smiled warmly, and I understood immediately what it was about him that appealed to Molly. He had such a genuine feel about him, like what you saw was what you got. I prided myself on being able to read people. Unfortunately, I couldn't read Gavin at all.

As soon as Molly released me, Ben went to help Gavin pull out my bags.

"Okay, now do you want to explain to me why you're with Gavin?" Molly asked.

"My car broke down."

"Old Faithful broke down? Never." She failed to suppress a smile as she spoke of my beat-up, old VW bug. I refused to give it up no matter how often parts broke. Of course, it had almost stranded me in the middle of nowhere. It might have been time to reconsider.

"And Gavin just happened to come up on you..."

"Come on, Mol, would I ever turn my back on a damsel in distress?" There was an edge to his words, and I didn't know how much of it was sarcasm and how much was hurt.

Molly brushed off his comment. "Well, thanks. Did you call for a tow truck or should I?"

"I'll take care of it."

"Thanks, man," Ben said politely. I knew there was no love lost between the two of them. Gavin hadn't been happy when Molly decided to make things permanent with Ben.

"All right. Good night then."

"Thanks." I realized I hadn't said it yet.

"You're welcome." He actually smiled at me before getting back in his dark green SUV. I'd originally thought it was black, but in the light I could see its true color. There was something genuine about the smile that made me wonder if the rudeness was just a knee jerk response.

Chapter Two

Gavin

Becca's scent lingered in my Yukon as I pulled away from Molly and Ben's house. Something about that last look she gave me-the small thank you-threw me off. I'd been a jerk to her, and yet she'd still bothered to say thank you. It didn't fit. It was like her bags: they were all worn and mismatched. They matched her car, but not her. I doubted I'd ever figure her out, but I shouldn't have cared.

What was it about the girl that I couldn't get her out of my head? From the north and just in town for the summer, she was the opposite of what I needed in my life. The last northerner I'd fallen for had pummeled my heart into something barely recognizable. I refused to even think about Dawn.

I was running late, but I could still make it to poker night if I went straight over to Matt's house. I figured a night with the guys was exactly what I needed. Maybe it would at least get me to stop thinking about Becca. I needed to forget her.

I parked along the curb out front of Matt's blue split-level. We always met at Matt's because he had a nice setup in his basement. I made sure to go around back so I wouldn't wake his kids by ringing the bell.

"What the hell took you so long?" Tom greeted me as I stepped through the door. We'd been meeting a few times a month to play for as long as I'd lived in town, and if anything, I was always early.

I grabbed a beer from the mini fridge. "You know, just a typical day in my life: helping a girl who was stranded on the side of the road."

"You really never take a break, do you?" Matt leaned back in his folding chair.

"I couldn't just leave her there." When I first saw the car on the side of the road, I knew I'd have to stop. There was no way I could drive past. I figured it had to be a woman. No man would drive a faded yellow bug with flowery initials on the back window-at least not around Clayton Falls. It's not as if I'd ever leave anyone on the side of the road, but a woman? Forget it.

"So was she hot?" Greg tossed around a few of his poker chips, trying to act disinterested.

Hot? That was an understatement. When I'd knocked on the driver's side window of her car, I'd expected a woman, but not a face like that. I noticed her large, chocolate brown eyes first, but it was the whole effect that got my attention, and that long brown hair. She was beautiful, and beautiful women were always the most dangerous. I thought about how good Becca's ass looked in her tight jeans-not something I needed to be focusing on.

I avoided the question. "Isn't that supposed to be Ronny's line? Where is he anyway?"

Matt shuffled a deck of cards. "He isn't coming. Something to do with work."

"Really? Is he suddenly getting responsible on us?"

Tom laughed. "Maybe, but you never answered Greg's question about the girl." Leave it to my best friend and partner to bring it back to her.

"She was attractive, but that wasn't the important part. She's Molly's friend from Boston."

"Seriously? You just happened upon her? How random is that?"

"I know. That reminds me, I need to call in a tow eventually."

"To Dale's?" Greg finished off the last of a bag of Doritos.

"Where else?" I don't know why Greg even bothered to ask. He worked at the only garage in town.

"So what was she like?" Matt set aside the cards.

"What do you care?" I took a seat next to Tom, throwing a twenty down on the table and grabbing my chips.

Matt played with a beer lid, trying to make it spin. "She's working for me this summer, remember?"

"And the fifteen minutes I spent with her were supposed to somehow enlighten me about what kind of employee she is?" I couldn't picture her working at the law office Matt shared with his father.

"I guess I'll just have to wait until Monday and find out for myself."

"I don't buy it. You're holding back on us." Tom opened a beer.

"Oh come on. I gave the girl a ride. I have nothing more exciting to report." I really didn't, unless they wanted to hear about our argument. I still didn't understand how that happened. I'd just been trying to make conversation when it all spiraled out of control.

We started to play, but my head wasn't in it. I still kept trying to wrap my mind around the girl. She reminded me of a song stuck in my head. I couldn't stop thinking about her.

Tom shuffled the cards. "So you guys ready to lose again tonight? Kelly really appreciates the donations."

Of course Tom had to rile us up before starting. We always played winner-takes-all, and he rarely lost. The rest of us hardly cared unless he became too cocky. It was usually only after his fifth beer that the rest of us had a chance, and luckily that didn't take long.

I took a long swig from my beer. "If you recall, last week I took the winnings."

"Everyone gets lucky sometimes. That only puts you a couple hundred dollars in the hole over the last few years."

"Shut up and deal." I was in no mood to listen to Tom's ribbing.

Chapter Three

Becca

"I still can't believe you're actually here!" Molly said for the third time. We were curled up on her couch drinking hot cocoa. Even though it was easily ninety-five degrees out, we still drank hot chocolate. It was just our thing from college. We'd spent more nights than I could count sitting up late with cocoa talking about every little detail of our lives-except the important parts. Those talks usually happened over a bottle of wine.

"Yup, I'm here." I smiled.

She leaned over to hug me, almost spilling my cocoa.

"Sorry." She apologized, still grinning.

I was trying to get used to this bubbly version of Molly. We'd been friends since freshman year of college, and she'd never been the overly happy type. Even when she'd smiled, there was still the hint of sadness. That only got worse the last year she was in Boston with me. Her fiance's death practically destroyed her. That's why, as much as I missed having her around, I knew she was better off where she was-with Ben.

"It's all right. My super reflexes saved the day."

"Haha, I've missed my superhuman best friend."

Superhuman. If only.

She must have noticed my frown. "How are you doing? You sounded so down on the phone the other day."

"Yeah, sorry about that." For once, I let my facade of perpetual optimism fall. I'd been playing the part for so long, but with everything snowballing around me, I didn't have the strength to keep it up anymore. "I was just going through some stuff for my mom's estate with the attorney. You'd think, since I was her only family, it would be easy, but it's still so complicated." I ran my fingers over the snowflakes on my mug. We'd had similar ones at my house growing up.

My mom's death hadn't been unexpected. She'd fought breast cancer for years, but the loneliness I faced after losing my only family rocked me to the core. My grades slipped, and that's probably why I lost my coveted summer job. I preferred that reasoning to my bosses thinking I wasn't good enough.

"I bet. I'm sorry you've had to go through all of that alone."

I saw the guilt reflected in her blue eyes. That was the Molly I remembered.

"No, don't go there. You're where you should be. I'm doing fine. It's just nice to get away." There was no way I was bringing her down with me. If I went under, I was going alone.

"I think you're going to like it here. The firm you're working at is ultra-casual, nothing like the firms in Boston."

"I bet. I still can't believe they hired me with just a phone interview, though."

She set down her now empty cup. "They only did that interview to make you feel better."

"My transcript and recommendation letters were enough?" Sure, my letters were good, but not that good.

"You're my friend. Mr. Morgan was my Dad's good friend. It's just how things work around here." It felt strange to get a job just because of connections, but I figured it didn't matter as long as I worked hard and proved myself.

"Well, hopefully I won't let them down."

"You won't. You're superhuman, remember?"

"Uh huh."

The front door opened, announcing Ben's return from rehearsal. The night had flown by.

"Wow, I didn't expect to find you girls still up." He put down his guitar, leaning over to kiss Molly.

"We've had a lot to catch up on." Molly beamed up at him.

"So, Jake's officially out. The pool house is ready." Ben took a seat on the arm of the sofa beside Molly. He definitely had those boy next door good looks, and considering his tanned skin, he probably loved the sun just as much as Molly.

She smiled. "Oh, great."

"Pool house?" I sat up straighter.

"Oh yeah, I forgot to tell you. I found you a place to stay. I know you didn't want to stay in my old bedroom all summer." Molly and Ben had bought her childhood home and were fixing it up in stages. Currently, her bedroom looked the way she'd left it senior year of high school-stuffed animals and all.

"So where's this pool house exactly?" I didn't want to play the unwelcome house guest, but I also didn't want to stay at some random person's home. This was all stuff I probably should have figured out before leaving Boston, but Molly had assured me she'd take care of it all. I'd needed a break from worrying and listened.

"It's at my parents' house. My brother finally moved out, so it's yours for the summer." Ben slid down off the arm of the couch, pushing Molly over for a minute before pulling her into his lap. I tried not to feel uncomfortable at the intimate gesture.

"Are you sure? Don't your parents care?" There had to be a catch. People didn't just let perfect strangers stay in their homes-or pool houses. It sounded so funny. I hadn't realized Ben was wealthy enough to have such a nice place. But then again, Molly had told me real estate was really cheap in Clayton Falls.

"Not at all. They're thrilled. First, it gave them an excuse to kick Jake out, plus Mom is excited to have a girl around. She complains to me constantly that Molly isn't over enough."

"I can pay something," I offered quickly. I didn't have much, but surely I could contribute a little.

"There's no way my parents are going to take your money. Really, it's not a problem."

I decided to drop it. It would be pointless to argue so much that I annoyed my host. "All right. Well, thanks."

"It's our pleasure. You're family, Becca." Molly reached over and patted my leg.

Family. A word I wasn't sure I'd ever say again. It only reminded me that Mom was gone. She'd gotten her breast cancer diagnosis years before, but after treatments and a few remissions, I'd almost forgotten that dying was even a possibility. All of that changed when she had the seizure, and we realized her cancer had spread to her brain. Although the radiation treatments stopped the seizures, she was never the same. The terror of watching someone you love become a different person was something I wouldn't wish on my worst enemy.

"I think I'm going to turn in." I stood up, picking up both the cocoa mugs to bring them into the kitchen.

Molly nodded. "All right, we'll move you over tomorrow. Then we'll go by the garage and check on your car."

"Sounds good." I leaned over to hug Molly goodnight.

"If you need anything, just ask."

"Thanks. I'm so tired I'll probably just collapse."

"I bet. Sleep well."

I walked upstairs and got washed up in the small hall bathroom. It felt funny to be in the house where Molly grew up. As close as Molly and I were in college, this was a piece of her I didn't know much about. She was always a little closed up about her childhood.

I pulled on my favorite summer PJs, avoiding looking directly at my scars out of habit. There was no reason to upset myself before bed. I'd resisted the urge to check Molly's front door, but I decided to lock her bedroom door just in case. Satisfied no one could barge in without me knowing, I curled up under the covers of her old twin bed and tried to sleep.

It was too dark. Weren't there any street lights? I was used to the constant glow of the city. At home, if I left my blinds up even a smidge, I had a readymade night light. I thought about turning on the lamp, but I decided to wait until Molly went to bed so she wouldn't notice the light shining from under my door. I tried to keep my mind occupied, silently singing the lyrics to a song I'd heard on the radio at least a dozen times on my drive down.

I heard Molly's giggles as she came upstairs with Ben awhile later. I waited until I heard their door close before getting out of bed to turn on the lamp. It was only then, when the darkness had been extinguished and I lay awake in the privacy of the illuminated bedroom, that I let myself feel the jealousy that had been under the surface all evening. I was happy for Molly, I really was-but I knew our friendship as I knew it was over. She had Ben now. She didn't need me the way she used to. And because of that, I wasn't allowed to need her. I'd never felt that way when she'd been with Adam, her college boyfriend and fiance, but then again, I don't think he ever really completed her. I tried to push my selfish thoughts from my head and eventually drifted off to sleep.

***

After breakfast, Molly and Ben drove me over to my new place for the summer. The pool house was really just one big room with a queen sized bed, a sitting area with a huge TV, and a small kitchen. A bathroom rounded off the place. The best part was that, being the pool house, it was right next to the pool.

"It must have been awesome to grow up with a pool in your backyard." I looked longingly out the window.

"You can definitely use it all you want. My parents will be glad. Most of the time, it just sits unused." Ben flipped through a pile of old CDs on the counter. I assumed his brother had left them.

"That's awesome. I'd love to swim some laps in the morning." I was already itching to get in the water. I'd been starting my morning in the pool since college. If I couldn't swim, I'd run, but considering the heat, it was nice to know I wouldn't have to resort to it.

We'd gone by the repair shop to check on my car, but it was going to take at least another day. The guy said something about ordering a part. I didn't mind waiting, but I hoped it wouldn't put too much of a dent in my Visa balance. Molly offered to let me borrow her car for work on Monday, and she assured me she didn't need it. I didn't doubt her. The Molly I remembered hated driving.

Molly left after I convinced her I was more than capable of unpacking my own clothes. She was supposed to meet with some clients, and I didn't want to get in the way of her small but thriving photography business. Only Molly would quit law school and end up making money as a photographer. In some ways I envied her. I didn't have a creative bone in my body.

After putting away the last of my clothes and stowing my suitcases in the closet, I popped in one of the movies I'd brought with me. It was a sunny day out, but it was hot and humid, and I didn't have anywhere else to go. I wanted to make sure I didn't smother Molly.

I had just reached the good part of the movie when the door burst open. I jumped, unable to believe I'd forgotten to lock the door after Molly left. It was so unlike me. I panicked, until I saw a guy who looked a lot like Ben standing in the doorway wearing a huge grin. I relaxed. This had to be Ben's brother. They even had the same smile.

"Oh, hi. Sorry, I didn't know you were here already."

"Hey, that's fine." I tried to hide just how much his intrusion frightened me. "You must be Jake."

"That would be me. You're Becca, right?"

"Uh huh." I reached for the remote to pause the movie. I'd thrown it off the couch in surprise.

"I'll get out of your hair in a second. I just realized I forgot a few books." He closed the door behind him. At least he was good about keeping the cool air inside.

I picked up the two paperbacks that had been on the floor by the TV. "A Ken Follet fan, huh?"

"Yeah, I'm on a kick. What about you?"

"I read a little of everything."

"You all moved in?" He glanced around, maybe checking for any changes.

"Yeah, I didn't have much." I hoped he didn't blame me for having to move. "Did you move nearby?"

"I'm across town, closer to where Molly and Ben live."

"Is your place nice?"

"As nice as any rental house is, I guess. It was time for me to get out of here. I like that my parents can't just stop by all the time."

I smiled. "That's a good thing."

He peered over my shoulder, suddenly noticing the TV. "Is that Dawn of the Dead?"

"Yup."

"Interesting movie choice."

"Hey, watching a zombie apocalypse kind of puts your own problems into perspective."

He laughed. "Very true. Mind if I join you for a bit? I love this movie." Without waiting for a response, he slumped down next to me on the couch. You could tell he'd been living there. He was right at home.

"Sure," I answered even though I didn't need to. I pressed play, starting the movie up again.

Jake grabbed the remote and turned up the volume. As if an afterthought, he glanced over to make sure I didn't mind.

Molly had described Jake as a class A jerk, but he seemed pretty cool to me. He definitely wasn't my type, but I could see us becoming friends.

"So what exciting activities does Molly have planned for you tonight?" he asked as the credits rolled.

"Um, she wants to introduce me to some of her friends. She said they all hang out at some bar."

"Nice. You're going to experience Clayton Fall's finest establishment, Gill's."

I looked over at him. "Anything I should know before I go?"

"Yeah, expect every drunk guy to hit on you, and don't take anything people say personally." His brown hair was shaggy, a contrast to Ben's buzzed look. He kind of had that surfer boy thing going for him.

"Okay... I'll keep that in mind."

"Cool. All right, I'm going to get out of here. I'll see you tonight?"

"Are you going to be there too?"

"For you, I'll make an appearance."

"I appreciate the sacrifice." I was quite certain he would be going anyway.

"What can I say? I aim to please."

I laughed. "Thanks for the company."

"Thanks for the hospitality."

I smiled as I locked up behind him and wondered what the rest of my first day in town would hold.

Chapter Four

Gavin

I couldn't believe this is what my life had come to. I sat on a stool at Gill's blending in with the rest of the usual crowd. I'd never been much of a drinker, but desperate times call for desperate measures. I wasn't really there for the alcohol. There was just nothing else to do in town. Melissa, a perky blond, sat next to me, constantly pawing at my arm to get my attention. She was a nice enough looking girl, but I never got the sense there was anything going on in that head of hers. I needed at least a semblance of brains. I hoped ignoring her would give her the message.

"Damn, who's that?" my friend Ronny asked from a few stools down. His eyes nearly bugged out of his head. I followed his gaze.

"Oh hell. I guess this was going to happen eventually." Becca had just walked in with Molly and Ben, looking around her as if she was entering a foreign country.

"I take it you know her?"

"That's Molly's friend from Boston," I said flatly.

"Oh. She's hot. I guess good looking girls are usually friends with one another."

"Not always."

Ronny chuckled. "Do you know anything about her?"

"She's in town for the summer to work for Matt and his dad."

"Really? So she'll be here all summer then." I could almost see the wheels turning in his head.

"Uh huh," I said disinterestedly, but really I was watching her mile high legs, exposed by her short black skirt, coming closer. I moved my attention up to the t-shirt clinging to her breasts. I shook myself. Becca might be hot, but I wasn't going there.

"Matt's in trouble, isn't he? There's no way his wife knows he hired someone who looks like that."

"He'll blame it on his dad. Besides, I don't think they could have known how she looked."

"True, but Nancy will still be pissed."

"Probably." I really didn't care what Matt's wife thought.

"Have you met her yet?" He eyed Becca like a piece of meat. I couldn't blame him. Almost no one new ever came to town. I'd done the same thing to Molly a year ago.

"Yeah, I gave her a ride into town when her car broke down."

"I bet you did."

I finished my beer and set it on the bar. "I admit the girl's good looking, but she's not my type."

"So you don't care if I go talk to her?" He got up without waiting for my answer.

"Be my guest."

I tried to ignore the jealous pang I felt when I watched Becca smile when Ronny introduced himself. It wasn't any of my business. Melissa, probably noticing my ogling of Becca, gave up and went to find another guy to talk to.

I asked the bartender, Katie, for another beer. She passed me a Miller. "Staring at that girl isn't going to bring her any closer."

"I'm not staring."

"Whatever you say, Gavin."

"How can I not look at her? Do you see how short that skirt is? I'm not doing anything worse than the rest of the guys in here."

Katie looked over at Becca. "The skirt's not that short. Her legs are just that long. Lucky."

I laughed. "Aw, you getting jealous of the new girl?"

"Why would I? I've got Chris. Besides, you're the one who looks jealous." She put a hand on her hip as she leaned toward me. "Stop drooling, and go talk to her."

"I've already met her. Not my type." I popped open my beer.

"You don't like tall, gorgeous brunettes? And didn't you say she's Molly's friend from law school? So she's smart too. What's so wrong with her?" Katie pulled a pint for another customer.

"She's from Boston."

"Oh, okay, that clears everything up." Katie rolled her eyes before walking away.

I looked back over at Becca. Christ, it had gotten worse. Jake Mathews had an arm slung over her shoulder like he owned her. What was it about those Mathews boys that girls went for? I didn't get it. Whatever. It wasn't like I cared. Sure, I'd been disappointed when Molly got back together with Ben, but it didn't matter this time.

Becca spotted me. First she looked surprised, but then her lips curved up into a slight smile, and she waved tentatively. Damn it, why'd she have to smile at me that way? I lifted my beer in recognition but then turned away. That should give her the hint. It's not as if she needed more attention.

"You really are a loser." Katie wiped down the bar.

"Shut up."

"Come on, a girl like that smiles at you in invitation, and you shut her down? Cold."

"I'm just saving us both time. Besides, it looks like Mathews is doing a good job keeping her company. And if not, Ronny's next in line." I leaned forward on my elbows to get a better view.

"She smiled at you." She tossed her rag at me knowing I'd duck out of the way.

"Mind you own business." I picked up the towel and threw it down on the bar.

"Fine. But don't come complaining to me when you regret it."

"Trust me. Even if I did regret it, which I won't, you'd be the last one I'd talk to."

"Good." She smiled, before walking away to help someone else.

"Hey! You must be Becca! It's so nice to meet you." A voice that loud only belonged to one girl. Kelly: best friend to Molly and wife of my partner, Tom.

I watched Kelly pull Becca into an intense hug. I waited to see her face. I figured that kind of hug would throw her off. Instead, she grinned. Go figure. The group pushed a few tables together and sat down. I frowned, missing my view of Becca's legs more than I wanted to admit.

"Hey, man." Tom snuck up on me.

"Hey."

"So, you didn't mention that your damsel in distress looks like a freaking super model."

"It didn't seem relevant." I focused on my beer.

"Bullshit." He faked a cough.

"What do you want me to say?"

"That you aren't suddenly batting for the other team. What's up?"

"Something is up because I don't try to lay every girl who comes into this town?" I ignored the insinuation in his comment. I knew Tom wasn't actually homophobic.

"Are you going to sit here drinking alone, or are you going to join us?" I didn't need to look over to know he gestured to the table.

"Would that make you happy?"

He shrugged. "Not really, but it would be humorous to see you over there with both Mathews."

"Fuck you."

Tom laughed. "So, are you coming?"

"Why not?" I grabbed my half-finished beer, followed him over, and pulled a chair over to the end of the table.

"Hey, Gavin," Kelly and Molly said at the same time which they apparently thought was hilarious and started laughing.

"Hello."

Becca turned away from Jake to look at me. Her glance was tentative, as if she was afraid I'd rebuff her again. I guess she had every right to expect it. I didn't disappoint. She looked down at the table for a second before turning back to Jake. I don't know why I was being such a jerk to her, other than the fact that her accent reminded me of Dawn's. I also knew she probably thought we were a bunch of hicks.

"So you decided to grace us with your presence?" Ronny asked. His frustration at Jake for monopolizing Becca's attention was blatantly obvious.

"Yeah, I didn't see any better alternative." I picked at the corner of the label on my beer.

"You know you love us, Gav." Kelly sounded all sugary sweet.

"You got me there."

Becca laughed, and I turned toward her. Her laugh was real. It kind of matched her. I was pretty sure she was laughing at my comment, and I liked knowing I'd caused it. Great, I was getting possessive over making her laugh now.

"So what do you think of Clayton Falls so far?" Tom asked her.

She hesitated for a moment. "It's, uh, different from what I'm used to, but it's nice."

"Nice?" Jake asked. "Is that code for 'get me the hell out of here'?"

She laughed again. Obviously, I wasn't the only one who amused her. "No, it means nice. I say what I mean."

Molly leaned forward like she was about to let us in on a big secret. "She's serious about that. Be careful. Don't ask for her opinion unless you want brutal honesty. I learned that the hard way when I asked her whether I could pull off leggings and Ugg boots."

Becca sighed. "I don't see why people ask questions if they don't want to hear the truth."

"Maybe they want reassurance, support." The words were out of my mouth before I could think about filtering them.

"So you'd prefer someone lie to you rather than have them dash your confidence?" She clasped her hands together and leaned forward.

"In some circumstances." I folded my arms across my chest. I was just itching for an argument.

"In some circumstances? Where do you draw the line?"

"There's value in making people happy." I didn't know what the hell I was saying. It didn't matter.

She tensed slightly. "Well, do me a favor: spare me the sympathy lies."

"I wasn't planning on buttering anything up for you, sweetheart. It wouldn't be worth the effort."

Molly reached over and smacked my leg under the table.

"Ouch." The word sort of slipped out.

"What the hell has gotten into you?" She hit me with a deadly glare. Ben's arm wrapped protectively around her.

"Don't worry about it, Mol. It's my accent he hates. Or wait, that's just what makes me different from you."

"What?" Molly looked back and forth between us.

"Isn't that what you said? I wasn't what you expected because I wasn't more like her?"

"You're not at all like Molly." What the hell was I doing? It's not as if I wanted Molly anymore.

Part of me expected her to storm away from the table, but she held her ground. "That's okay, because you're nothing like Ben." The girl could play ball.

"All right, you two sound the way Molly and I usually do." Jake scowled at me as he referred to his famous disputes with his sister-in-law. From what I understood, they'd been fighting constantly since they were kids.

Ronny got an impish grin. "Are you sure you two didn't sleep together last night?"

"No," we both said.

Becca crossed her arms, causing the fabric of her t-shirt to pull tightly across her chest.

Tom laughed, giving me a look to let me know he'd caught me checking her out. I shrugged and took the last swig of my beer. I wanted another, but I wasn't going to drive drunk.

"So..." Ronny tried to lighten the mood and turned his attention back to Becca. "What are your plans?"

"I start work on Monday. I'm not sure about tomorrow. What am I doing?" She looked at Molly.

"We're spending the day at the beach. You need some sun."

Becca smiled. "Sounds good."

"When are you going? I might join you guys." Jake grinned.

"We'll probably do breakfast at Surf Song first, but after that we'll be there."

"Okay, cool."

I listened to their banter for a while before excusing myself. I purposely avoided looking over at Becca again. She seemed to bring out the worst in me.

I heard Molly comment as I walked away. "What's up with Gavin? That was so out of character for him."

I didn't cast a glance back. I wish I knew.

Chapter Five

Becca

I'd never been in a small town bar before. Sure, I'd spent time in my share of dives and hole in the wall places, but they were still distinctly urban. Gill's was something else.

Walking in with Molly and Ben was overwhelming to say the least. They knew everyone. I smiled politely, but I felt incredibly out of place. Even though I wasn't dressed differently, I knew I stood out like a sore thumb.

A guy with dirty blond hair touched my arm gently to get my attention. "Hello, I haven't had the pleasure of meeting you yet."

"Oh, hey, Ronny. This is my friend, Becca," Molly answered for me.

I accepted his handshake and returned his warm smile. He was cute and being nice to me. I wasn't going to waste the opportunity to make allies in this town.

"So, rumor has it you're working for the Morgans this summer."

"Yeah, they were nice enough to hire me." I couldn't believe how small the town really was. Molly wasn't kidding when she said that everyone knew everyone and each other's business. I was used to the relative anonymity of a big city, and I wasn't sure I liked the change.

"Cool, Matt's a chill guy, and his dad's great. I think you'll do well with them." He smiled at me again. I could tell he was trying hard to put me at ease.

"That's what everyone's saying."

"So what brings you here? I mean, besides the incredible job opportunity."

I laughed. "I needed a change. It's been a rough year, and when Molly suggested I come down, I couldn't resist."

"Nice. Not the rough year part, but you know."

"Yeah, I know."

"Oh damn it. I missed you losing your Gill's virginity." Jake put an arm around my shoulder. I'm sure I blushed. That boy had a strange sense of humor.

"Gill's virginity?"

"Yeah, I mean you only have your first visit once." He wriggled an eyebrow.

"Oh my god. Jake, you're so weird." Molly rolled her eyes.

I laughed. "Well we haven't been here long, so you didn't miss much."

Molly turned toward me. "I'm sorry about him. He's the opposite of a good wine. He gets worse with age."

Jake glared at her. "As compared to you who-"

"Don't even think about it." Ben cut Jake off. I thought the brothers might fight, but the tension broke when Ben laughed. "Oh, sometimes I can't stand the love." Evidently he was used to their bickering.

I took a minute to really look around the bar. The usual paraphernalia lined the walls: neon signs and beer advertisements. It was really just the feel of the place that was foreign. I looked over at the bar and noticed Gavin. I smiled, wondering if his weird reaction to me was only because I caught him in a bad mood. Evidently not. He held up his beer in a quasi-greeting before turning away. I shrugged it off. He wasn't worth the effort. I thought it was weird that Molly had warned me about Jake's moodiness, but she always made Gavin out to be a nice guy. Maybe he was only nice to her.

Molly's childhood best friend, Kelly, came in and immediately pulled me in to a hug. I felt instantly drawn to the bubbly girl. I could tell it wasn't an act. She really was happy to meet me. I guess we had something big in common-we both loved Molly.

We pushed a few tables together and sat down. I ended up sandwiched between Ronny and Jake. It was a very entertaining spot to occupy. Ronny was a comedian, and Jake was as Molly described him: weird, but in a cute way.

I looked up as Gavin and Kelly's husband, Tom, sat down at the table. I tentatively glanced at Gavin again, but he didn't even bother to acknowledge me this time. What a jerk. But then again, maybe he thought I was flirting, and he just wasn't interested. I couldn't deny the guy was nice on the eyes. Tall, tan, and athletic, he was pretty much physical perfection. He even managed to make a one or two day old beard look sexy. I ignored him and turned back toward Jake.

Tom asked me how I was enjoying Clayton Falls, and I told him the truth: I liked it, but it was different. Somehow that ended up getting me in a weird pseudo fight with Gavin. I don't really understand how it happened, but it was obvious neither one of us was going to give in. I was actually glad when Ronny broke the tension by making a crude comment implying we'd hooked up. As if.

"Ignore him," Jake whispered reassuringly in my ear. I nodded and let myself get excited about a day at the beach.

Gavin left pretty soon after, and the tension went with him.

"What's up with Gavin? That was so out of character for him," Molly asked as soon as he left.

Tom looked behind him, probably checking to make sure Gavin was out of earshot. "I don't know. He's been acting funny since last night. He practically tore a kid apart today when we pulled him over."

I spoke up. "I think I upset him somehow."

"Don't think that. You have nothing to do with it," Ronny said emphatically.

"Was he really giving you a hard time about your accent?" Kelly asked.

"Yeah. Then I made the mistake of telling him he had one too. That didn't go over so well."

Tom laughed. "I wish I could have seen that."

"Really, don't let him put you off. The people here are actually really nice." Kelly smiled.

"You all can stop reassuring me. I'm really not that worried about what one person thinks of me." Of course, I was confused by it.

"All right, I just want you to feel at home here." Molly reached across the table to squeeze my hand.

"I know, and I do. I mean how could I not feel at home in my amazing new digs?"

"See, I told you you'd like the pool house." Ben nudged Molly. I got the vibe that she hadn't been too keen on the idea, and he was talking to her as much as me.

"You're living in their pool house?" Ronny set down his empty beer.

Jake tipped his chair back. "Yeah, the 'rents used it as an excuse to kick me out."

"It's about time," Ben ribbed.

I decided to jump back in. "I can understand your reluctance to leave. I mean, living rent free has its perks."

"Exactly. Finally someone's on my side."

"She never said she was on your side," Molly teased.

"She didn't have to. By the way, Becca, do you want a ride home? I realized after I left that I once again forgot those books."

"Sure, it doesn't make sense for Molly and Ben to go so out of their way."

"It's not a big deal," Molly said quickly.

"You ready to go? I want to surf in the morning, so I'm going to turn in early."

"Sure." I was definitely ready to head home. It had been a weird night. I started to say my goodbyes.

"Hey, Becca, can I talk to you for a second?" Ronny asked.

"Sure..."

"Cool." He walked a little way from the table, and I followed. I noticed Jake watch us with an amused expression.

"I know this might seem a little forward, but I'd love to take you out sometime."

"Oh, yeah? Thanks." Ack, thanks? I never knew what to say in that kind of situation.

"So is that a yes?" he asked hopefully.

I thought about it for a moment. He was cute and seemed nice, but I knew nothing about him. On the other hand, offending him might make things weird for Molly. I wished he hadn't cornered me. "What did you have in mind?"

"Maybe dinner one night this week?"

"Here in town?"

He gave me a funny look. "Sure, unless you want to go into Wilmington. I'm game for either. It's the company I'm after."

"Well, I don't know what my hours are going to be with work."

"Okay. I can tell this is making you nervous. How about coffee?"

I relaxed a little. Coffee sounded more casual. "Okay."

"Great. Can I get your number?" I gave it to him and let him program his into my phone.

"You ready?" Jake joined us.

"Yup," I said quickly. I wasn't sure what was supposed to happen next.

"Good night. I'll call you." Ronny smiled before walking back to the table.

Jake and I walked out to the lot. He stopped in front of a jeep with the top down. "Ronny didn't waste much time, did he?"

"No. I didn't see it coming." I pulled an elastic off my wrist to tie up my hair so it wouldn't blow all over the place.

"What did you agree to?" He started the engine and pulled out of the lot.

"Coffee one night this week."

"Good call. That way, if the conversation is boring, you don't have to suffer through a whole meal."

"It sounds like you know from experience."

"I do. I actually have a coffee date of my own on Thursday."

"Oh yeah? Who's the lucky girl?"

"A junior at UNC-Wilmington I met at one of Ben's shows."

"Oh, well you'll have to let me know how it goes."

"Same to you. If Ronny gets out of line, you just tell me, okay?"

I smiled. It was nice to have someone worried about me. "I will."

We pulled into his parent's driveway, but he didn't move to get out. "Don't you need to come in and get your books?"

"Oh, I'll just get those next time."

"You never planned to get them, did you?" I crossed my arms and tried to bite back a smile.

"Nope. But I could tell you'd had enough."

I smiled. "Thanks. That was really cool."

"I try. Have a good night."

"You too."

As I got ready for bed, I thought about how I'd managed to make a friend, line up a date, and earn myself an enemy. Not bad for a little over twenty-four hours in a new town.

Chapter Six

Becca

Molly picked me up for brunch, and we met up with Kelly at Surf Song, a cute restaurant overlooking the water. The staff was friendly, and they all seemed to know Molly and Kelly. I was really going to have to get used to that. At Molly's suggestion, I tried the French toast and ordered mine with strawberries.

"So, I hear you have a date with Ronny later this week." Kelly grinned, taking a sip from her mug.

"It's not a big deal. We're just meeting for coffee." I drank some orange juice, enjoying its obviously fresh squeezed taste.

"Uh huh."

"Molly didn't seem to think it was a big deal. Is there something about him I should know?"

"No. He just isn't the one I would have thought you would have gone for."

"Oh? Is there someone you'd suggest?" I really didn't mind Kelly talking about my personal life. I appreciated her friendly nature. Her warm welcome made the transition easier.

"Tom and I both figured you would have picked Gavin."

Molly groaned. "Oh please. Tom is not allowed to try to set up every girl who comes to town with Gavin."

"It's not just Tom. Gavin seriously needs a girlfriend." Kelly spread jam on her toast.

"I wouldn't waste your breath. I, uh, don't think I'm his type." I savored a bite of the French toast. I couldn't remember the last time I'd eaten such a carb-heavy breakfast. "I think that was made pretty obvious last night."

"Wait, so does that mean he's your type?" Kelly pushed.

"No," I said quickly.

Kelly relaxed back into her chair. "You're a really bad liar."

Molly snickered. "That she is. It's probably good she's all about honesty. What the heck was that about by the way?"

"Hmm?" I looked up from stirring in a packet of Splenda into my coffee.

"What was that whole fight with Gavin about last night?"

"Like I know? Seriously, you could have warned me he was so intense."

Molly looked pensive. "He isn't usually. Besides, I didn't expect you guys to meet so quickly. It's pretty lucky he found you the other night."

I shivered involuntarily. As annoying as the guy was, I was glad he'd been the one to find me. I could have been dead in a ditch without him. "I know. Maybe he just thought I was ungrateful or something."

"Maybe. I'm sure you can find a way to really thank him," Kelly said suggestively.

"Stop it, Kelly. You will not subject my innocent friend to your dirty, dirty mind." From the look on Kelly's face, I was pretty sure Molly kicked her under the table.

Kelly recovered, and her smile returned. "Innocent friend? Are you really that innocent, Becca?"

I shrugged. "It depends how you define innocent."

"Wait, are you a twenty-four year old virgin?" Kelly's mouth practically fell open.

"Does it really matter?"

"Stop it, Kel," Molly warned.

"It's okay." I reassured her. "I just haven't met the right guy." That was my story, and I was sticking to it.

"Okay, cool. I get that. Well, you might want to be careful with Ronny then. He's, uh, certainly not innocent."

I smiled lightly. "I assumed that much. I doubt I'll be seeing him again after this one coffee date. I just figured it couldn't hurt."

"You know who is kind of innocent though?" Kelly asked.

I was afraid to hear the answer. "Who?"

"Gavin. I mean, he's obviously not a virgin, but he's not a player either. He's not into the casual thing."

That information surprised me a little. Clearly being a jerk didn't mean you slept with every girl who walked, but in my experience, they often went hand in hand. "Oh, that's cool of him, I guess."

"That's why I know he really needs a girlfriend. Tom's worried it's bad for a guy to go that long."

Molly rolled her eyes. "How is it bad for him? It's not going to hurt him."

"Maybe not physically, but-"

"Okay, new subject," Molly interrupted. "How about Jake giving you a ride home last night? It's funny. You bring out this weird side of Gavin but the decent side in Jake. He told Ben you might be the first girl he'll actually be friends with."

I laughed. "Yeah, he's really nice. And it's definitely just a friends thing, which makes it really comfortable."

"I can't imagine anyone wanting to spend time with Jake, but it's good, I guess." Molly wiped her face with her napkin before placing it back on her lap.

"You're the only one who fights with him, Mol. It's kind of like Becca with Gavin. You just bring out that side in him." Kelly finished off the last of her juice.

"All right, is everyone ready for the beach?" I was itching to get outside.

"Sure." They both agreed, and once we settled the check, we headed down to the beach.

Molly was right. I needed the sun. After a semester when the only time I spent outside was traveling to and from school, the beach was perfect. I stripped off my sundress as soon as we got there and put down my towel.

I rolled over onto my stomach, enjoying the way the sun felt beating down on me. Wanting to avoid tan lines, I slipped down the halter strap of my red bikini top. I watched as Kelly and Molly did the same thing to their triangle tops.

"Are any of you ladies interested in playing some volleyball?" I pushed up on my elbows and struggled to place the vaguely familiar voice addressing us. It was Ronny.

"You don't want me playing, trust me," Molly said immediately. I replaced my bathing suit strap before flipping over.

"What about you, Becca?" Ronny asked. I couldn't ignore his blatant evaluation of me. He actually licked his lips. I couldn't believe I'd agreed to go out with him.

Molly sat up, tying her top. "You definitely want her to play on your team. She's awesome."

I smiled. I'd played volleyball in high school and intramurals in college. "Sure, why not? Kelly, will you play?"

"Yeah, I'll keep you company."

"You sure you don't want to join in, Molly?" I stood up.

"Very funny." Molly was in good shape, but she had virtually no coordination. "But I'll come watch in a bit."

Kelly and I jogged over a little ways to where a bunch of guys were setting up a net. I recognized a few faces from Gill's the night before.

"Hey, you must be Becca." A guy with dark brown hair approached me with an outstretched hand and a grin.

"Yeah..." I accepted the hand and waited for his name.

"Oh, I'm Matt. Matt Morgan."

I froze. This was one of the guys I was working for. I had just met my new boss wearing a bikini on the beach.

I made myself snap out of the mortification and smiled. "It's great to meet you. Thanks for the job, by the way."

For some reason, everyone thought that was funny.

"So, are we going to play or what?" I put a hand on my hip.

"Yes, ma'am." Ronny tossed me the ball. "You're up."

I served the ball with an easy ace, enjoying the look of surprise from the guys when they realized I could actually play.

Chapter Seven

Gavin

I gave up on sleeping around noon. I was never very good at switching back and forth between day and night shifts. I sat up and looked out at the water. As disappointing as other areas of my life were, I loved my oceanfront loft. I moved my gaze over the beach and noticed a group playing volleyball. It didn't take much guessing to figure out who the girl in the red bikini was. It seemed I was never going to escape her.

I debated whether to head out, finally rationalizing that I could use a swim before going in to work. Of course, the water was only in the sixties so early in the season.

A few minutes later, after taking my boxer Max out to do his business, I jogged down the beach. We'd already run five miles that morning.

I held back for a moment, just watching the game. Becca had some serve. I'd been able to tell she was athletic, but it was nice to watch her in action. It was nice to watch her period. That little red bikini left little to the imagination, and while half of me wanted her, the other half wanted to cover her up so the rest of those guys would stop drooling. At first, I'd thought they all liked her because she was new, but it was definitely more than that. Tom wasn't too far off about the super model's body. I sure couldn't find any flaws.

"Hey, man, you want in?" Matt called.

Becca looked up at me. I smiled at her, having decided during my nonexistent nap that I was going to play nice. She looked away quickly. It looked like she was done smiling at me.

"I'm going to quit and get some water," she said to no one in particular.

"Okay, cool. See you at work tomorrow." Matt grinned like a love sick puppy. It was pathetic. His wife would have slapped him for it.

I couldn't just let her leave. "What, you too chicken to play against me?"

That did the trick. "Are you joking?"

She was so predictable. She was as bad as me when it came to arguing. She was going to make one hell of a lawyer. "Let's see what you've got when you actually play someone with talent."

"Nice, man, real nice," Matt said, but I ignored him. I ignored everyone but Becca.

I grabbed the ball from Ronny. "My serve."

It could have just been the two of us as far as I was concerned. I think the guys were rather entertained by the display. The girl could play-that was for sure. I wasn't exactly a big fan of volleyball, but there weren't many sports I didn't play for fun.

She nearly hit me with one of her serves, but I spiked it back twice as hard. She missed it, and the ball hit the sand before rolling down the beach.

"Nice meeting everyone." She was seriously going to quit just like that? She hadn't struck me as a sore loser.

"Had enough?"

She ignored me. "Are you ready, Kelly?"

"Yup." I didn't miss the glare Kelly shot me. Great, Kelly was pissed, which meant I'd be hearing it from Tom at work.

I tried not to stare too long at Becca's retreating figure as she jogged down the beach with her friends.

Ronny gave me a funny look. "Taking this a little seriously, aren't you?"

"Not really." I brushed it off. She just really brought out my competitive side.

"How is a girl like that single?" Matt took a swig from a water bottle. Evidently, Becca and Kelly's departure had broken up the game.

"It's by choice," I said with certainty. There was no way she'd have trouble getting a man.

"She won't be single for long," Ronny said with a sheepish grin.

"Is that so?" Greg pulled his t-shirt back on.

"I'm taking her out this week." His self-satisfied smile pissed me off.

"Good luck with that." I turned and headed back home.

***

As expected, Tom had it in for me. That man was whipped. His wife got upset, and the whole world had to move out of the way to fix it.

"Don't even say it. I know Kelly's pissed at me for some reason." I moved past Tom to grab a file of some paper work I'd been sitting on. I brought it back to my desk.

"For some reason? You went after her new friend. I think you scared the girl."

"She didn't look scared to me."

"Seriously, man, what's your deal? What was up with all that last night?"

"I don't know." I focused on signing my name on a bunch of forms.

"You bitch about how depressing the choice of women is in this town, yet a gorgeous girl comes in with eyes for you, and you go all psycho."

"With eyes for me?" I glanced up. Tom had spun his chair around to look at me.

"That's how Kelly put it."

I wondered how Kelly would feel if she knew her husband repeated everything she said. "What would give her that impression?"

Tom laughed. "Girls talk."

I couldn't help feeling some satisfaction at knowing she'd talked to her friends about me. I wasn't going to admit it, though. "If she has eyes for anyone, it's Jake. Or hell, she's going out with Ronny this week."

"Kelly says she's not into either of them."

"Did you two just sit around discussing Becca?"

"No. Mostly we tried to figure out why you were all weird."

I just shrugged. "I admit she's hot."

"Finally, a normal thought."

"Don't let Kelly hear you."

"She doesn't care. She has nothing to worry about, and she knows it."

"Yeah, I guess Kelly isn't exactly the insecure kind."

He chuckled. "Uh, not exactly. But you do know that just because Becca's from the same place, it doesn't mean she's like Dawn."

I was wondering when he'd connect the dots. I'd met Tom at the Academy right after Dawn left me. As if getting a career ending injury wasn't enough, my girlfriend dumped me because of it.

"It's not just that."

"Then what is it?"

"Just drop it."

I couldn't spend too much time going down memory lane. It had been three years since my pro baseball career evaporated thanks to a torn rotator cuff. I'd just signed a new contract to play in the majors, and bam, it was all gone. Dawn said she wanted to be with someone who was going places. That wasn't the worst part, though. Nor was the fact that she got together with one of my teammates. No, the worst part was that I begged her not to leave me. I was pathetic. I swore I'd never do it again.

Maybe that was my real issue with Becca. I wanted her but knew any interest she had in me would be a passing fling. I wasn't sure that would be enough. She seemed like the kind of girl where one taste couldn't possibly be enough.

"Let's get out of here." Without waiting for Tom, I walked out to the car.

Chapter Eight

Becca

I wasn't sure what to wear to work my first day. I was pretty sure a suit would be overkill, but I wanted to look professional, especially after meeting one of the partners at the beach while wearing only a bikini. Partners-I needed to stop thinking of things in Boston terms.

After settling on a tailored skirt and a light purple top, I drove Molly's car over to the town square. The law offices of Morgan and Morgan were located right between the plant nursery and a bookstore. The local coffee shop beckoned from across the street. That would be convenient for lunch breaks.

Finding a parking space was ridiculously easy. I smoothed out my skirt, checked to make sure my hair was pulled neatly back, and got out of the car. I walked into the office with my head held high, willing myself to forget about the embarrassing meeting the day before.

"Hi, Becca. It's good to see you again." Matt walked out of his office.

"Hi. I'm excited to be here."

"It's kind of cramped, but I've set you up in the extra office back here." I followed him back to a windowless room. "Sorry, I know it's kind of depressing."

"No, it's fine."

"All right." He smiled at me, looking me over in a way that made me a little bit uncomfortable. "Here are all your passwords and everything. Why don't you get yourself settled, and then come meet me in my office, so I can go over some stuff and give you your first assignment."

"Sounds great."

He started to walk out.

"Wait. Uh, is your father-I mean the other Mr. Morgan-expected in today?"

"No. I guess I forgot to mention it. He's actually on a cruise with my mother for the next few weeks. That's what made it so convenient that you were able to work."

"Oh." He definitely hadn't mentioned that. No one had. "All right. I guess I'll just get settled."

I loaded the computer, not sure what getting settled really entailed. That was one of those things bosses said that made no sense. I made sure I could access the databases I'd need for research, and double checked that Word functioned before pulling out a legal pad and pen from the top draw of the desk. I walked down the hall to Matt's office.

I knocked. He looked up, smiled, and waved me in. "Take a seat."

I sat down in one of the large leather chairs across from his desk. It was strange to see someone his age in such a big office. I was used to firms where it took years to make junior partner, let alone to essentially be running the place. Matt couldn't have been more than four or five years older than me. Although he looked tired, his face still had a really boyish quality. He wore a dress shirt and slacks, but he didn't seem comfortable in them.

I noticed a photograph on his desk of a pretty woman with two young children. "You have a beautiful family."

He picked up the frame. "Yeah, they're great."

I smiled, not sure what else to say.

"I was already a dad when I was your age."

Okay, could he make this anymore awkward? "That's cool."

He laughed. "Sorry, that came out weird. I just mean, you are in such a different place than I was at your age."

I decided to help him out. "Yeah, I bet law school was challenging with a baby at home."

"Definitely. I never got to party during those years. I bet you have it really different. I bet you're a wild one."

"Umm, not exactly." A wild one? Yeah, if studying and taking care of my mom were considered wild.

"Come on, you can be honest."

I didn't like the way he stared. It really bothered me, and I needed to get the conversation back on my job. "So anyway, when I spoke with your father, he made it sound like I was mostly going to be doing research and possibly helping on some depositions?"

"Yeah. I mean, I think you should sit in on some client meetings, and if you want, you can definitely come to court with me. You worked in a DA's office last summer, right?"

"Yes."

"So you know how courts work, but things run a little differently in a small town than they do in the city."

"I bet, but I'm sure I'll catch on."

"I'm sure you will. You look like a fast learner."

"Yeah," I said quickly. I was ready to get out of his office. "Do you have anything in particular you need me to work on this morning?"

He went over to a filing cabinet and pulled out a Redweld folder. "Why don't you start by familiarizing yourself with this case?"

"Okay, no problem." I reached for the folder, but he didn't immediately let go.

"If you have any questions, just let me know. Don't worry about bothering me. I want this to be a good learning experience for you." He reached out with his other hand as if he was going to touch my shoulder, but then he stopped himself.

"Great, thanks a lot." I pulled at the folder again, and this time he let go.

"I think this is really going to work out," he called as I walked out the door.

I took a deep breath once I was settled behind my desk. I tried to brush off our conversation, but it definitely left me uncomfortable. I wondered if it was all part of the small town friendliness thing.

I opened the file and pulled out the documents. It appeared to be a fairly straight forward slip and fall case. We were representing the defendant.

I spent some time reading through the materials, there were some massive deposition transcripts that took a while to get through, and then I went to see Matt.

I knocked, and once again he waved me in. "Done already?"

"Yes. Is there anything in particular you want me to do for this case?"

"There has to be something more about assumption of risk that works for us. Do some research on that, okay?"

"Sure." I nodded and walked out.

I was still buried in case law when I felt two hands on my shoulders. I jumped, surprised by the contact.

"Sorry to surprise you, but I'm going to get some lunch. Want to join me?" Matt didn't remove his hands.

I turned, thankfully forcing his hands away. "Oh, thanks for offering, but I think I'm going to go check on my car." I was grateful I had an excuse. I needed to talk to Molly about whether things were always so touchy feely in her town. The thought of spending lunch trying to make conversation with my new boss unnerved me.

"You can do that later. Come on, I insist."

Great. I couldn't say no again. That would just make things worse. I was probably just blowing it out of proportion. "Okay."

"Good girl, let's go."

Good girl? Did he really just say that? It took me a moment to process. It would have been one thing to hear that from a boss who was of a certain age, but coming from someone practically my age, so not cool.

I followed him out and waited as he locked up the office.

"Going to lunch?" Ronny rounded the corner.

Matt looked up at him. "Yeah, about to."

"Great, we can all go together." Ronny winked at me.

I could have kissed him.

"Sure, why not?" Matt sounded unenthusiastic.

We walked down the block and stopped at a diner.

"Has he been working you to the bone?" Ronny held open the door.

"Nope. It's been pretty reasonable so far."

"Good." Ronny smiled as he slid into a booth next to me. Matt sat down across from us.

"Do you know what you want to order?" A young waitress set three waters down on the table.

I quickly ordered a chef salad, and both guys ordered double cheeseburgers with fries.

"So what brought you down here this summer?" Matt asked.

"A job." I smiled.

"I'm sure someone with your qualifications could have had a job in Boston."

"I was thrown when I wasn't asked back to the DA's office, and I had other things going on that prevented me from finding a job." I really hoped he'd drop it.

"Other things?"

I took a sip from my water. "Yes, personal matters."

"Like a bad breakup?"

Was he even serious? "No, not a bad breakup."

"So, is there someone back home then?"

"Is this really relevant?" I asked.

"Relevant?" Matt smiled. "Yes, it's relevant to learning more about you."

"I just don't see what my relationship status has to do with working as your law clerk."

He laughed, and then Ronny leaned in to me. "Sorry about him. He has no manners."

I decided to play the one card I had. "If I had someone back home, would I be going out for coffee with Ronny?"

Ronny grinned. "Good point."

Matt stiffened. "Oh, I forgot about that."

That shut him up. Thankfully our meals came right then, and they were both too busy eating to bother with me.

I ate my salad and excused myself as soon as it seemed appropriate. "If you don't mind, I'm going to go check on my car." I pulled out my wallet, ready to leave some cash.

"I've got it, don't worry," Ronny said quickly.

"No, she works for me, I've got it."

"Let's just make this easy." I dropped a ten on the table and looked to Ronny to let him know I wanted out. He moved out swiftly.

I nodded to Matt. "I'll see you back in the office. If it takes longer than expected, I'll make up the time later on."

"I'm sure you will," he mumbled under his breath. I hoped he didn't actually mean what he was implying.

The garage was closed when I got there. Evidently, it closed from 12-1 every day for lunch. It would have been nice of one of the guys to have told me that, but then again, I was glad to have the excuse to get away. Matt was totally weirding me out, and I hoped Ronny wasn't expecting anything more than coffee. I don't know why, but I kind of assumed these small town men would be less intense than the ones in the city. I was dead wrong. I felt in over my head. I took a short walk around the square and then reluctantly returned to the office.

I quietly walked past Matt's office where he was on the phone. I buried myself in the research and finished typing up a memo of my findings around five thirty. I wasn't really sure how long I was supposed to stay. I was being paid a set salary, so we hadn't discussed working hours. At six, I decided I couldn't stall any longer. I printed out the memo.

I knocked on Matt's door for the third time that day. "Hey, I emailed you this too, but here's a hard copy."

"Great. Are you headed out then?"

"If that's okay..."

He smiled. "It's fine. But do you need a ride? You mentioned your car was at the garage."

"I have Molly's car, but thanks."

"See you tomorrow."

"Have a nice night, bye." I grabbed my stuff and headed out. I wondered if I had been imagining everything. Matt was fairly normal at the end of the day. Either way, I was beyond excited to get home and relax.

Chapter Nine

Becca

Matt toned things down a little over the next few days, but he still had me on edge. I spent most of my time buried in legal research. I appreciated the job, but it definitely wasn't the most thrilling I'd ever had. I wasn't too excited when Ronny called to set up our coffee date for Thursday, but I'd said yes, so I needed to go.

Ronny wasn't there yet when I walked into Marney's Cafe. It was a cozy little place with a comfortable feel. I went right up to the counter to order something to drink. An older woman came to wait on me, and I knew it had to be Gail. Molly had told me all about her.

"Hi there, you must be Molly's friend." Gail smiled warmly. She wore her long, silvery gray hair pulled back in a low ponytail.

"Hi, Gail. It's great to meet you. I'm Becca."

"How are you enjoying your stay so far?"

"It's been interesting."

"Care to talk about it?" Gail straightened a pile of flyers on the counter. I saw they were about some festival.

"I would, but I'm actually meeting someone here." There was just something about the petite woman that made me want to spill out my life story.

"Who?"

"Ronny..." I realized I didn't even know his last name.

"Oh. Be careful with that one. He's a good boy, but he can be intense."

"Thanks for the heads up."

"Can I at least get you something?"

"Yes. A large coffee would be perfect."

"Coming right up."

I started to pull out my wallet when Ronny arrived at the counter. "I've got it."

"Oh... okay, thanks."

He ordered himself a coffee as well. Gail handed us our cups, and I added in some skim milk and Splenda. Ronny waited for me without adding anything to his cup. As soon as I finished, I followed him over to a table by a window.

"Hey, I'm glad you could make it. I was beginning to think this wasn't going to happen."

"Yeah, it's just been a busy week-getting used to the new job and everything." I wrapped my hands around my cup.

"I can imagine. You seemed pretty frazzled the other day at lunch."

"Yeah, I just really want my car back." I forced a laugh.

"Things are slow here."

"I know. It just takes a little getting used to."

"So tell me about yourself."

"What do you want to know?" I took a sip of hot coffee.

"Everything," he said flirtatiously.

"There isn't too much to tell."

"What does a beautiful law student in Boston do for fun?"

"Oh, well, if it's baseball season, I'm usually watching, otherwise I swim and go to a lot of movies." God, I sounded so boring.

"Do you go out a lot? Things have to be more exciting in the city." He moved his leg under the table and it brushed against mine.

"Not so much anymore now that Molly moved."

"Oh, okay. That's cool."

We sat awkwardly until I remembered to ask him what he was into. Sports, Nascar, and hanging out at the beach seemed to round him out. After forcing conversation for an hour, I was ready to leave.

"Would you maybe want to come hang out at my place for a bit? Have a drink or something?"

Was he serious? "Oh, thanks for the offer, but I'm going to head home. Thanks for the coffee though."

"Oh okay, maybe next time."

"Yeah..." I got up and tossed my empty cup in the garbage.

"Hey, I'll walk you out."

We stopped in front of Molly's car, and I awkwardly waved before getting in. That had to be the worst date ever. I pulled my phone out before starting the car, and I had six text messages waiting for me.

***

Jake almost gave me a heart attack even though I knew he would be there. Stretched out on a lounge chair by the pool, he grinned when I jumped a mile high.

"Geez, kid, you scare easily."

"You can't call me 'kid.' I'm older than you."

"By only a couple of months."

I sat down on a chair next to him. "The same logic still applies. You can't call me 'kid.'"

"How about, geez you scare easily, old timer."

I smiled. "Let's stick with 'kid.'"

"I thought you'd see things my way."

"By the number of texts you sent me, I take it she wasn't 'Ms. Right?'" We'd planned on meeting up after our respective coffee dates to dish. Jake was really something else.

"If by 'Ms. Right' you mean a total bitch, then sure."

"What'd she do?"

"She yelled at a mom because her baby was crying. The poor woman was just in line to buy something. It's not like she was sitting there with a wailing baby."

"That's really sweet."

"What? My psycho date yelling at her was sweet?"

"No! You caring about that is sweet."

"If you say so. But I'm just getting started."

"This I have to hear." I leaned back in the chair, enjoying the slightly cooler air of the evening.

"So then, in the middle of a boring conversation about her friends, she starts dissing a couple sitting across from us-making fun of what they were wearing."

"Wow, she really is a winner."

"Needless to say, there won't be a second date."

"Haha, I wonder if she'll be surprised when you don't call."

"She won't be."

"How do you know?" I turned to look at him.

"She asked if I wanted to come home with her, and I said no."

"What? On the first date, the girl asked you that?"

"Some modern women take the initiative."

"Just to be shot down."

"I have standards."

"That's very un-male of you."

"You really don't have a high opinion of men do you?" He looked at me seriously for the first time.

I shrugged. "Not worse than most women."

"If you say so... anyway, how was your date?"

"Better than yours."

He chuckled. "Not that it would be hard."

"Ronny's nice obviously, but we ran out of things to talk about pretty quickly. That and he kept staring at my breasts."

"Can you really blame the guy?"

"Jake!"

"Sorry, couldn't resist. So how'd you let him down?"

"Oh, that's where it gets interesting."

"Is it?"

"I got propositioned tonight too."

"Propositioned? I love the way you talk. So he asked you to go home with him?"

"Uh huh, but he went more with the 'it's been really fun, do you want to come over for a drink?' method."

"Ah, the classic drinks attempt." He swiped a People magazine off the ground. I figured Mrs. Mathews must have left it out. After a quick glance at the cover, Jake replaced it back where he'd found it.

"Yeah, he looked crestfallen when it didn't work. He said maybe next time."

Jake got a mischievous look on his face. "Do you ever on the first date?"

"Do I ever what?" I played stupid.

"Have sex on the first date."

"No." Of course, I hadn't actually had sex on any date.

"Would you ever make an exception?"

"I don't know. Every situation is different, right?"

"Do you have a usual amount of dates, or do you just go with it?"

"Why are you asking?" I wished we could change the subject.

"Curiosity. I want a girl's perspective."

"I'm probably not the girl to ask."

"Why not?"

I swallowed. "Because I don't ever have sex."

"What?" He sat up. "Are you serious? As in never?"

Lying there in the near darkness, I felt like telling him the truth. With Mom gone, now no one knew anymore, and somehow I wanted to get it off my chest. But I couldn't. "Yeah, but now I just want to get it over with."

"Meaning...?"

"I want to just have had sex already. It's hard to reach twenty-four with no real experience. Guys expect it, and when you make it this far, you can't exactly admit it."

"Um, Becca? What guy wouldn't want to be with a virgin?" He looked at me as if I had two heads.

"Lots. I mean, they'd think there was something wrong with me."

"No, they'd think you were waiting for the right guy to give it to. They'd be sure they were the one." He suddenly grinned. "Well if you're that set on having sex, I'm always available."

I laughed. "Your generosity astounds me sometimes."

"I can sacrifice for the good of a friend." His grin widened, and I had a feeling it was the look that usual got him girls. If he'd been even remotely my type, it might have worked on me.

"I'll keep that in mind."

"You do that."

"Well, I'm sorry you had a bad date, but better luck next time," I said, ready to change the subject.

"Yeah, the allusive 'next time.'"

"I think I'm going to turn in."

"You sure? We can watch a movie or something if you want." He put his hands behind his head, making himself comfortable.

"Thanks, but no thanks. I'm pretty exhausted."

"All right then, see ya."

"Good night." I waved before going inside.

Chapter Ten

Gavin

After a long week of working nights, I was ready for a weekend. I managed to get a few hours of sleep on Friday before I got up to eat some leftover pizza. By the time I rinsed off my dish, Max waited by the door with his leash in his mouth. It was about seven thirty, and the sun was just showing signs of setting. It was the perfect time for a walk on the beach.

I let Max off his leash so he could run around for a while. I usually ignored the leash rules at night when no one else was around. Max loved the freedom, and he usually didn't stray far. Without warning, Max took off down the sand. When I caught up with him, I saw her.

I put Max back on his leash and watched Becca. She stared out at the ocean with her arms wrapped around her chest. She looked lonely, and I had the urge to fix it. I had a lot of urges when it came to Becca. I still couldn't get the girl out of my head. Day and night, I found myself thinking about her and feeling like a complete jerk for treating her the way I did. Whether she reminded me of Dawn or not, she deserved better. I figured it was the best chance I was going to get to make amends. Plus, maybe if I actually talked to her in a civilized way, I'd stop thinking about her so damn much.

She couldn't hear us approaching over the crash of the waves. The surf was wild that night. I called out, not wanting to startle her with my approach. "Hey."

She turned toward me. "Oh, hi." Her eyes widened in surprise. She took a step back.

I tried not to let her lukewarm reception discourage me. We could act like adults.

"What are you doing out here? No big plans tonight?"

"No, nothing planned."

"I figured you'd be out with Molly or something." Max rubbed up against my leg, trying to get my attention.

"I thought she could use some alone time with Ben. Besides, I'm not really in the mood to do anything." She traced patterns in the sand with her foot, looking down instead of at me.

"Rough week?"

She shrugged. "Not the worst ever."

"But not the best either I take it."

She smiled lightly. "Nope. How about you?"

"The usual, I guess. I hate working nights. I'm too much of a morning person for it." I bent down and gave Max the scratch he was waiting for.

"I'm a morning person too."

"So, do you want to talk about what made your week less than stellar?"

She looked at me with surprise and hesitated before answering. "Not particularly."

"It must be really bad."

"Just not an exciting conversation topic."

I stood back up. "Try me." I found I actually cared. I needed to know what was upsetting her.

She smiled for real this time. "Do you have all night?"

I snapped myself out of the daze her smile put me in. "Actually, I do."

Max chose that moment to pull on his leash. He was usually so obedient, but I guess all dogs have their limits.

"I don't think he does." She bent down to pet his head, and he nuzzled right up to her. Unbelievable. He hated everyone but me.

"Want to walk?"

"Sure." She stood up, and Max whimpered in protest. "I'll finish that later, boy."

We started down the beach. "So, you were about to tell me about your week."

"I'd hoped you'd forgotten." She turned back toward the ocean.

"No such luck."

She sighed loudly. "I don't get this town."

"What do you mean?"

She looked up at the darkening sky then back out at the water. "I just don't know why people act the way they do, and how I'm supposed to act, or what's appropriate and where lines are drawn."

"Any specifics to back that up?"

"You really want them?" she asked.

I looked at her curiously. It sounded like she was getting worked up. "Yeah, I want to know."

"First, why is everyone in this place so touchy feely?"

"Touchy feely?"

"Yeah, I mean where I come from, you don't put your hands on people unless they're your family or super close friends-and even that's questionable." She wrapped her arms around her. I wondered if it was because of our conversation or the breeze.

"Who's been uh, overly friendly with you?" My body tensed. I didn't like where this was going.

"It doesn't matter."

"Sure, it does. I might be able to explain it better."

"Only if you promise to keep it between us. I'm not trying to stir up trouble."

A light bulb went on. "It's Matt then, isn't it?"

"How'd you guess?"

"You're working for him, he's married, and he has a bit of a reputation." I was only friends with Matt because of Tom. I'd never understood how someone with so much going for him could be so stupid sometimes.

"Why is it that no one bothered to tell me that ahead of time? Couldn't Molly warn me? Or warn me that Mr. Morgan senior isn't around?" She wrung her hands. "Okay, sorry. This isn't Molly's fault."

"Either Molly didn't want to scare you off, or it's because she wants to believe the best about people. Maybe a little of both."

"You're probably right." She finally met my gaze.

"How bad has he been?"

She looked away and picked up her pace.

"Whoah. Come on." I caught up and matched her pace.

"Nothing awful. He just always makes excuses to touch me, and it makes me uncomfortable."

"I can talk to him for you."

She shook her head adamantly. "No."

"Why not?"

"Because I don't need problems. I'm sure it's all innocent." I hoped she was right, but I had my doubts. Matt had been far too interested in her at the beach. "If you change your mind, let me know. We're friends, so it would be really easy to do."

"Thanks." She sounded nervous. I hoped she realized I'd keep my word and stay out of it-at least for the time being.

"Is that the only thing getting you down, or is there more?"

She let out another deep breath. "I still don't have my car back, and I feel bad using Molly's. She invited me down here to be nice, and all I do is keep getting in her way."

"I'm sure you're not in her way." Molly wasn't the kind of girl to be catty.

"Okay, no more complaining."

"I don't mind."

"But I do. Let's talk about something else." She brushed a stray piece of hair behind her ear.

"What do you want to talk about?"

"How about them Yankees?" she said with a grin.

"Aren't you from Boston?"

"Yup. It was a joke. I hate the Yankees."

"So a big Red Sox fan then?" I vaguely remembered Molly mentioning it once.

"Diehard. My mom practically raised me on them."

I wondered about her definition of diehard. I hadn't met too many girls who really loved baseball. Usually if they said they did, it was just an attempt to sound more appealing to a guy. I didn't think that's what Becca was doing. "That's cool. You said your mom. Was your dad not into baseball?"

She paled, and I instantly regretted the question. "Sorry, it's none of my business."

Max started barking at something he saw down the beach and took off again. I jogged after him, and she kept pace. Once he slowed down, I looked toward her, hoping she'd still answer.

"I don't really know my dad."

"Oh, sorry."

"It's all right. He just decided having a kid wasn't for him and took off when I was pretty young."

"That sucks."

"Yeah, but my mom was awesome, so she made up for it."

"Was?"

She bit her lip. "She died a few months ago."

Damn it. I needed to stop asking questions that upset her. "I'm sorry to hear that. It must have been really tough."

"Yeah, it's life. What's your family like?"

I wasn't prepared for her question about my family. I was still trying to process how hard losing her mom must have been. "I'm the second youngest of four, and my parents are still alive and together. My older brother and sister both live within twenty minutes of my parents."

"Wow, four? That's cool. I'm an only child, so I can't imagine what it's like."

Wow. No parents, and no siblings. "It was busy, but always fun."

"That's cool. I always swore that if I had a family, I'd have a large one so my kids had each other."

"If you had a family? You don't know if you will?"

"You never know. I'm single right now, so it's not really on my radar, you know?" She shrugged.

"Yeah. I get that."

"Do you want a big family? Since you come from one?" She looked at me as if daring me to answer. It didn't bother me at all.

"Definitely. My brother and sister were both married with kids by my age, so I'm kind of the black sheep of the family." What I didn't tell her is that I was just as surprised as my family about how long it was taking me to settle down. I was beginning to think it just wasn't in the cards.

"It's not like you're old. You're a guy. You have so much time."

"Yeah, I know, but tell my mom that if you meet her."

She laughed. "All right. Will do."

The sun had just about disappeared, and I noticed her glancing around apprehensively.

"You okay?"

"Yeah... but, would you mind...?" She stopped and looked down. "Never mind."

"No, what is it?" I had to know. I needed her to ask me a favor-I had been such a jerk to this sweet and sensitive girl who obviously had been through a lot.

"Would you mind walking me back to my car? I know it's safe here, but I'm used to the city and-"

"Absolutely," I agreed immediately, but I wasn't ready to say goodbye yet. We'd managed to have a conversation that didn't involve arguing, and I enjoyed it more than I'd expected. "But would you maybe want to come over and hang out for a bit? I live right over there." I pointed to my balcony.

"Well- " I could tell she was searching for an excuse. I couldn't let her find one.

"You did promise Max you'd continue petting him."

She smiled. "All right, for a little while. But then you'll walk me to my car afterward?"

She really was worried. "Of course."

"Okay."

"Great." I tried to play it down.

We walked around and up the front steps of my condo. I unlocked the door and let her go in first. I held Max back.

"You live in a loft? That's so cool. I didn't think they had places like this here."

"I take it you're a fan of lofts?"

"Love them. I want one really badly. Maybe when I'm done with school and can afford one in a safe neighborhood." She continued her perusal.

There she went again with safety-either she'd been through something traumatic, or she was paranoid. I sensed it was the former.

"May I look around?"

"Absolutely, make yourself at home." I unleashed Max and walked into the kitchen.

Becca gazed out the floor to ceiling windows. "This view is insane. I could just stare out forever. It must be amazing during the day."

"You think this is good. I have these windows in my room too."

"You get to go to sleep and wake up to the ocean every day? I'm jealous."

I laughed. "Glad to know you like it. From what I understand, people fought them putting these condos in. I just figured if I was living in a beach town, I was going to really do it."

"Yeah, where did you say you were from?"

"What's the problem, can't place the accent?" I teased.

She turned away from the windows and glared at me. "I really upset you with that, huh?"

"Nah, I just wanted to give you a hard time."

"Wonderful."

Okay, I couldn't let things go down that path again. "Would you like something to drink?" I was already pulling out some glasses and looking through my wine collection. She struck me as a girl who liked wine.

She hesitated, and I repeated "please stay" over and over in my head. I had an irrational need to spend time with her. I wasn't ready to let her go yet.

She walked over to me and saw the wine. "Maybe one glass."

"Cool." I poured us each a glass and walked over to the couch.

She took her glass from me and sat down. "A drink with a view, nice."

I sat down next to her but left plenty of space between us. "Shall we toast?"

"To what?"

"A fresh start."

"You mean for us?"

"Yeah. I know we started off on the wrong foot, but if it's okay with you, I'd like to be friends."

She smiled. "Friends. Yeah, I think I can handle that."

"Okay good." I lifted my glass. "To a fresh start and new friends."

She took a small sip, and I liked the way she closed her eyes afterward, savoring it.

"Mmm, a pinot noir. Velvety."

"You know wine." I was right.

"Yeah, wine is one of the few luxuries I allow myself. You know, other than my state of the art car." She swirled the wine around in her glass.

"That is a nice car."

She leaned back against the couch. I liked that she was getting comfortable. I liked that she was comfortable at my place.

Chapter Eleven

Becca

How I allowed myself to end up drunk at Gavin's that night, I'll never know. When he asked me, I knew I should say no. I just didn't want to go home to the empty pool house-or at least that's what I told myself. In the one week I'd been in town, I'd already watched all of my movies. I was going to have to ask Jake if I could borrow some of his. When Gavin pointed out his condo, I had to see it. I was dying to know if there was anything even remotely modern in town.

The inside of his place was even cooler than I expected. I had to give him credit. He had good taste. I loved the concrete counter tops, the exposed brick and beams, and that view. It was breathtaking.

We settled into a comfortable conversation, and I let myself relax. He seemed different. Instead of arguing, he appeared legitimately interested in learning more about me, and I found I actually cared about his story as well.

"Tell me about your job," I asked after Gavin popped open our second bottle of wine. I wasn't sure where the first one went, but it was good, and I wasn't complaining.

"My job?" He poured more into his empty glass.

"Yeah. Is being a cop like it is on TV?"

He laughed. "Not exactly. Well, unless you watch cop shows that involve ticketing farmers for tractor violations or making sure teens don't get too crazy with their parties."

"Come on, there has to be more."

He took a long sip of wine. "No, really there isn't. Crime isn't much of a problem here."

"You say it like it's a bad thing." I guess there were some benefits of living in the middle of nowhere.

"Not bad, just boring." He stared pensively down into his wine.

"I get that."

"What do you plan to do after you graduate?" His hazel eyes had more green in them than usual, probably because he was wearing a green t-shirt.

I relaxed back into the arm of the couch, enjoying my wine before answering. "I want to work for the District Attorney in Boston. I'd love to be an assistant D.A. one day."

"A prosecutor? I can see that. I'd bet you'd be pretty intimidating in the court room."

"Intimidating?" I laughed. "Not exactly, but I think I'd be good at it. I'm on the trial team at school, and I've done pretty well."

"Well, I definitely wouldn't want to be a criminal you were trying to put behind bars."

"I'm not that scary."

"No, you're not." He looked at me for a minute, finishing off his glass. "Are you ready for more?"

"I probably shouldn't, but why not?" An idle thought about how in the world I was going to get home hit me, but I was already tipsy, and I easily brushed it off.

"Well I know you said you don't see much action as a cop here, but at least you'd be ready for it if you did."

He poured a little more wine in my glass. "What do you mean?"

"I just mean you're in good shape-you could handle whatever." I was fighting the urge to run my hand down his chest. His t-shirt clung to it tightly, and I remembered what his chest had looked like that day on the beach.

To distract myself, I pulled out my hair tie and let my hair fall down.

A small smile spread across his lips as he reached over to take a lock of my hair between his fingers. "I like when you wear your hair down."

"Yeah? It's pretty long. I'm growing it out for Locks for Love."

"Oh, the wigs for cancer patients? That's really cool."

"Yeah. I think it's almost long enough now." I didn't go into all of the reasons it was important to me. Most revolved around my mom.

"I'm sure it'll still look good short, but I like it now."

"Thanks."

Watching him play with my hair undid me. I lost my battle and reached out to touch him, tentatively at first. "Let me rephrase my previous comment. You're in amazing shape." I could feel the blood rushing to my face and knew I was blushing, but I got a little braver, moving my hand more.

He chuckled. "You're not in such bad shape yourself." I felt his hand on my leg and realized belatedly that my skirt was riding up. This would usually have been the point where I would have moved the guy's hand and excused myself, but I didn't want to.

"You know, I had a dream about you last night." Alcohol made me honest. Very, very honest.

"A good dream?" His hand moved further up my leg.

"A really, really good dream."

"That's a coincidence. I had the same kind about you last night. But then again, I've been having them all week."

"Yeah?"

"Uh huh." His lids were getting heavy. I knew if I wanted to bolt, I was going to have to act fast. I didn't move.

"That's nice."

"Nice? Is that all it is?"

"Great, exciting, wonderful..."

"Perfect." He leaned in and brushed his lips against mine.

When he pulled away slightly, I felt his absence. "Yeah, perfect."

His lips returned, moving against mine slowly at first before getting more aggressive. His tongue pushed its way into my mouth. His arms wrapped around me, and I let him lead me onto his lap. We broke the kiss only long enough for him to hike my skirt up more so I could straddle him.

One of his hands moved under my shirt, slipping under my bra to cradle a breast. I moaned, enjoying the feeling of being touched. I reached a hand down to slip under his shirt. I needed to feel his skin. He pulled back from the kiss, and I looked down at him.

He didn't say anything. He pulled off his t-shirt, tossing it to the floor. Next, he moved his attention to my shirt, pulling it off slowly, before throwing it to join his. His hand went around to unclasp my bra. His eyes watched for my reaction. I nodded, letting him know I was all in, as though my place on his lap didn't already say it all.

He undid my bra, letting it fall onto the couch next to us. His hands returned. His lips lingered on my earlobe and slowing moved down to my neck and lower. He ran a finger over the faded scars right above my right breast, and I prayed he wouldn't ask about them. Nothing would kill my mood faster.

He didn't. "God, I want you, Becca," he said breathlessly, removing his lips for just a moment before returning them to their path. I loved the way my name sounded when he said it.

"I want you too."

I groaned in protest when his lips left again, but I stopped worrying once he picked me up. I wound my arms around his neck and let him take me into his bedroom. He laid me gently down on his bed, sliding my skirt down over my hips and out of the way. I watched as he took off his shorts. I looked away long enough to notice the floor to ceiling windows he'd mentioned earlier. It was too dark to see the ocean, but the moon gave the room a silvery glow.

"You are so gorgeous." He lay down next to me, running a hand down my stomach, stopping right at my panties. He kept his hand there for a second, before removing them. I tugged off his boxers, amazed that I was actually lying naked on a man's bed. For all the times I'd thought about getting this far, I hadn't ever really imagined it happening. I hoped he wouldn't figure out how inexperienced I was.

I closed my eyes as his hands and lips found me again, giving myself over to him completely, wanting to feel his closeness, and loving his whispered words. I let my hands explore as well, loving every plane I touched. He was so muscular, so solid, so strong. I knew I was safe with him.

He moved away, and I realized he was getting his wallet. He pulled out a condom, looking down at me to make sure I was ready. I nodded, unable to form the words. I expected pain, I expected fear to take over, but I didn't feel either of those things-instead I felt pleasure-I felt alive-I felt complete.

***

My head pounded, and I groaned. I promised myself I'd never drink that much again. It took a few minutes for the events of the night before to reach me. I felt Gavin stir behind me, and I closed my eyes, trying to get the courage to roll over. As hung over as I was, I didn't regret sleeping with him.

"Good morning." He spoke softly, likely hearing my irregular breathing and realizing I was awake.

I took a deep breath and rolled toward him. "Good morning."

I expected a smiling face to be waiting for me, but instead I found a frown. "So, um... yeah, about last night."

"I guess we were pretty drunk." I tried to smile.

"Yeah, very drunk."

I waited for more. There had to be more.

"So, I think we can both agree it was a mistake, and I'm sorry I let it happen."

I felt like someone had dropped a Mack truck on me. The headache from earlier was nothing. A mistake? I was a mistake? "Oh. Yeah."

"I think the best thing to do would be to forget it ever happened, just keep it between us." His voice sounded strained.

"Yeah, good idea."

I felt the tears sting the corners of my eyes. I rolled over and pulled the sheet around me, yanking it off the bed so I could pick up my skirt and panties from his bedroom floor and my top and bra from his den. I didn't bother to turn around to see how he reacted. The last thing I wanted to see was his face. It was probably smug-or worse, full of that regret he'd been talking about.

I stumbled into my clothes, not using the bathroom even though I had to go.

I heard him moving around his room and didn't wait for him to come out. I opened the door, letting it slam behind me before running back to where I left Molly's car in the public lot at the beach. There was a ticket on the windshield-perfect. Didn't it count for anything that I left it there because I was having sex with one of their officers?

As soon as I closed the car door, the tears spilled out. I had to sit a moment before pulling out back toward the Mathews's house. I really hoped I wouldn't run into anyone.

Safely inside the pool house, I slunk to the floor just inside the door. How could I have been so stupid? Why would Gavin be any different from other guys? Why did I expect more from an alcohol-fueled hook up? I had been sure there was a connection, but it was one sided-and now I felt like the idiot I was. And why did he want to keep it a secret? Was he embarrassed? Was I that bad? I could have sworn he'd enjoyed it, but how would I have even known?

I stripped off my clothes, fighting the urge to throw them in the trash instead of my hamper. I took a scalding hot shower, trying to wash away any evidence of Gavin from my skin. I'd have to find a way to avoid him for the rest of the summer. It was only a few months.

I heard my phone ring as I wrapped myself up in a plush towel. I ignored it. Whoever it was, I didn't want to talk.

By the time I got dressed, I knew I'd have to cancel my lunch plans with Molly. There was no way I was facing her. There was no way I was facing anyone. I didn't even want to face myself.

Chapter Twelve

Gavin

I flinched when the door slammed closed. I'd just let the most gorgeous and incredible woman I'd ever been with walk out my door, but I had no choice. For once, I wasn't going to be the loser who came on too strong and read too much into something. I'd give her what she wanted: a one night fling.

She hadn't even said goodbye. I think that's the part that got me. I threw on some boxers and walked into the living room as soon as I heard her leave. The sheet from my bed was in a ball on the couch. Just looking at that damn sheet reminded me of the night we'd shared. I needed to stop thinking about it, about her. What was done was done. Hopefully, I'd be able to steer clear of her until she left in August.

After a horrible weekend, I returned to work on Monday. As hard as I tried, I couldn't get Becca out of my head. I'd done the impossible and worn Max out on Saturday running him too hard. I didn't know what else to do. I kept replaying it all. Starting with running into her, our conversation, the most unbelievable sex I'd ever had, and the way I'd treated her the next morning. I needed to remember that I'd protected myself, and she was probably relieved.

Tom called me out on my miserable mood when we stopped for lunch. "What the hell's up with you?"

"Nothing."

"Sure. I'm not buying it. You've been as moody as a little girl lately. You seriously need to get some."

I choked on my Coke. "That's not my problem."

"Sure it isn't." He smiled wickedly. He loved giving me a hard time about my pathetic dating life, but he was married. He didn't get it.

"Just let it go."

"Why? Something is obviously up with you."

"You're not going to let this go, are you?" I knew Tom well enough to know it wasn't worth the effort of arguing. He'd pull it out of me eventually.

"Not a chance." Tom grinned, stretching out his arms on the booth behind him.

"I need a change." That might have been the biggest understatement of the century. I needed a lot more than that.

"A change?"

"Yes. I don't know how much more of this I can take."

"Anything in particular you can't take?" Tom eyed me skeptically, like he was trying to figure out if I was being serious or not.

"The thought of spending my life as a cop in this town." Talking to Becca about it had just forced me to admit what I'd been thinking for months: how pathetic my existence had become. There's only so much of pulling people over and stepping in on property disputes that a man can take.

Tom straightened. "And you're suddenly questioning your career path because..."

"I get it's different for you. You like this place-no, you love it. Your family's here, your wife. I get it. But it's different for me. This was just supposed to be a stop while I figured things out. It's been three years." Without meaning to, I'd raised my voice.

"And you think the job's the problem? It's not the job. You just need to meet someone."

"You say it like there's a thousand girls to choose from. We live in a town the size of a cereal box. And don't start in on how you found Kelly. It's different-you both grew up here."

"It's not going to happen if you don't give anyone a chance. When's the last date you were on?" He shoved a few fries into his mouth.

I focused on eating my burger.

"It was with Ronny's cousin two months ago, wasn't it? Two months. And what was wrong with her?"

"I just wasn't interested. Besides, she lives in Charleston."

Tom shook his head. "So is that your excuse with Becca too? She lives too far away? Because a second ago, it sounded like you were tired of this town anyway."

Becca. The last thing I needed was to hear her name.

"Becca and I aren't going to happen, so just drop it."

"Not until you tell me why. It's obvious you're interested, and she is too. Where's the issue?"

"Forget it." I threw some cash on the table and walked out. I was going to lose it on Tom if he didn't shut up.

"Come on, man. Chill out." Tom caught up with me outside.

"Just forget I said anything, okay?"

"It's going to blow over. You're just having a rough patch. Maybe you should take some vacation, visit your family or something."

"Maybe," I mumbled, but I knew I wouldn't actually take his advice.

Chapter Thirteen

Becca

I hid out all weekend, telling Molly and Jake I was sick and didn't want them to catch it. I rewatched my movies again, making another mental note to ask Jake to borrow some of his. If I didn't keep my mind occupied, it just went back to Friday night. That night was now firmly on my list of events I wanted to erase from my memory. Maybe some people would have been able to handle a dumb hookup, but I just felt gross and worthless.

Mrs. Mathews came by on Sunday evening. I reluctantly opened the door and found her holding a large Pyrex dish.

"Hi, hon. I made some extra lasagna, and I thought you might want some." She had her hair tied back in a low ponytail that made her look younger.

"Oh, wow. Thanks. That wasn't necessary."

"Nonsense. It's always easy to make a little extra when you're cooking." She adjusted the foil covering the dish. "I've told you already, you are always welcome to join us for dinner."

"Thank you, but I don't want to impose. You've already done so much." They might have given me a place rent free, but they had no obligation to feed me like I was part of the family.

"It's not imposing. We'd love to have you, but I won't push you."

"Well, thanks for the lasagna." I accepted the dish and carried it into the kitchen. Mrs. Mathews came in and waited as I placed it in the fridge.

"So how are you doing? Is there anything I can do to make you feel more at home?"

"No, I have everything I need. But thanks for thinking of me." She looked disappointed when I didn't ask for anything. "Well, I do have one question."

"Sure, what is it?"

"Is there anywhere to get sushi around here?"

"Sushi?" She smiled. "I wouldn't trust anything with that name in town, but I'm sure there's something decent in Wilmington. I can ask around for you."

"Oh, that's okay. I just thought I'd ask."

"It's not a problem. I'll get a name of a place. Maybe Jake knows. Speaking of which, has he been bothering you too much? Be honest. If he has, I can get him out of your hair."

Jake definitely wasn't my problem. "No, he's been great."

"All right. I just wanted to check."

"Thanks, but he's been nothing but nice."

"That's good to hear. I'm going to get going, but I'll find that restaurant name for you."

"Thanks so much." I closed and locked the door behind her, feeling better than I had all weekend.

***

Monday morning came agonizingly slowly. As much as I dreaded seeing Matt, it would provide a welcome break from sitting around feeling stupid-even if he did eye me like I was a piece of meat. I got dressed, ready, and into Molly's car.

Matt was waiting for me with a smile. "Have a nice weekend?"

"I was sick, but it was fine. You?"

"My in-laws came to visit." He said it like it explained everything.

"Oh, I'm sure your kids enjoyed seeing their grandparents."

"They did. I'm just glad to have my house back. You know how it is when family visits, right?"

I didn't, but I nodded.

He gave me some more research to do, and it kept me busy for a while. I called the garage to check on my car again, but the owner gave me the same answer he had when I'd seen him the last time. They were waiting on a part.

I checked my email around eleven and got the message I was dreading. My grades for the semester had started coming back in, and they'd dropped for the second semester in a row. Any hope I had for keeping my scholarship was gone. Even if I got A's in my last two classes, I was sunk. I tried to push it out of my head, but by lunch, I decided I needed to call the dean and see if they could make an exception and give me another semester to prove myself.

I went for a walk around the square as I waited for the dean to call back. I picked up as soon as I heard the first bar of my familiar ringtone. I really needed to change the song. The dean didn't beat around the bush. He got right to the point. "I'm sorry, Rebecca, but we can't make an exception. I know you had a difficult year with your mother's death, but there's nothing we can do." His sympathetic tone did little to ease the impact of his words.

"I understand you can't make exceptions. I'll just apply for extra loans, thank you." Seriously, what else could go wrong?

I shouldn't have asked. Matt found every excuse in the book to put his hands on me that afternoon. It took all of my strength to avoid snapping at him. I couldn't afford to lose the job.

***

"All right, enough is enough." Jake pounded on the door Saturday evening. I'd successfully avoided everyone all week. I'd begged out of a barbeque at Kelly and Tom's. I knew Gavin would be there. There was no way I was letting him see how much he'd hurt me.

I opened the door, afraid Jake would tip his parents off if I didn't. Mrs. Mathews was nice, but she was also really nosy.

"Yes?" I asked as he pushed his way past me.

"What's going on?"

"Nothing. I'm just watching TV."

"Molly called me. You cancelled plans with her for the fourth time this week. You cancelled on me twice." He took his usual spot on the couch.

"So?"

"So, that isn't like you."

I laughed dryly. "How would you know what was like me? You barely know me."

"I know you well enough."

"I don't want to talk about it." Just thinking about Gavin made me angry. I felt so used and so stupid. And the worst part was that there was some side of me that wanted to see him again-that kind of missed him. I was seriously messed up.

"Come on, tell me what's wrong," he pleaded.

So Jake wanted me to open up? He was going to get what he asked for. I sat back down on the couch. He sat down next to me.

"Have you ever been with a girl who was so bad in bed you wanted to pretend it never happened?" I couldn't make myself meet his eye as I asked. I was sure my face was bright red.

"What?" He looked at me as if I were crazy.

"Answer me." I felt hot tears of embarrassment forming.

"No. Never. But where the hell is this coming from?"

"I think I'm that girl." That was it. I couldn't hold back.

"What happened?" Jake moved closer to me, and I leaned into him. "Are you trying to tell me you slept with someone since the last time I saw you?"

I was sobbing too hard to answer him, so I nodded.

He pulled back and took my face in his hands. "Look at me. I don't know what happened, but I promise you, you didn't do anything wrong, and you certainly weren't bad in bed. You got that?"

I nodded again, humiliated to be having the conversation. He released my face.

"Okay, now that we've established that. Who the hell is the asshole? And what exactly did he say to you?"

I took a few deep breaths while Jake went to grab a box of tissues from the bathroom. "I can't tell you. He wanted to keep it between us."

"What the hell? Tell me, Becca. I swear I'm going to go ballistic if you don't!"

"Calm down." I took a tissue.

"No. Who was it?"

I was so pissed at Gavin that I let it out. "Gavin."

"What? You slept with Gavin? Why?"

"I don't know. We were drunk, and it just happened."

"And he told you he didn't want you to tell anyone?"

"He said it was a mistake, and we should forget it ever happened, or something like that. He said we should keep it between us."

"What? What a fucking idiot."

"Jake. I'm an adult. I made the decision to sleep with him."

"Yeah, but he's the one who treated you that way. And he goes around acting all holier than thou. What a crock of shit." Jake drew in a deep breath. The anger on his face was such a contrast to his usual grin.

"I just feel dumb. If I could find another job somewhere, I'd just get the heck out of this town."

"Becca, don't say that. And don't feel dumb. You wanted to do something, so you did it. It's not your fault he acted like that. You belong here as much as he does."

"He lives here. I don't."

"For now. He's not from here either. And hey, you could always come back after you graduate."

I laughed. "And why would I do that?"

He shrugged. "I don't know. Why not?"

"As much fun as I'm having working at Morgan and Morgan, it's not like it's my dream job." I'm sure he heard the sarcasm in my voice.

"It's not the only law job."

"True, but I'm not coming back. Any chance of that's gone. I am so embarrassed. And can I admit something?"

"Of course."

"I actually felt something. I really thought we might have had a connection or something."

"Yeah?"

"Yeah." I relaxed. It felt good to get it out.

"Interesting."

"Not really, but if you say so." I curled my feet up under me, trying to get more comfortable.

"Are you okay?"

"Uh huh."

Jake stood up suddenly. "Okay, so I need to go do something."

"What do you have to do now?"

"Don't worry about it. I'll call you later though."

"Okay." I tried to hide my disappointment that he was leaving, but he had his own life.

When he left, I tried not to dwell on Gavin or the scholarship. I could take out loans, but just like Gavin, losing my scholarship reminded me of how much of a failure I'd become. If there had been one constant in my life, it was that I could handle academics, and now I couldn't even do that.

Chapter Fourteen

Gavin

If I'd had any doubt before, by Saturday I knew for sure that I'd made a huge mistake. One night with Becca and the damage was already done. How much worse could it have been if I'd let it become something more, assuming she was even interested in that? But it's not like it was a one night stand or forever. We could have tried.

I agreed to go to Tom's barbeque in hopes of seeing Becca. If I could just talk to her, I could gauge how she felt about things.

I rang the doorbell, but Kelly yelled for me to come in. I walked into the kitchen and found Molly and Kelly deep in conversation. "I'm telling you something's up with her. I just don't know what it is."

"Are you sure this isn't about her mom? It's only been a few months, right? You were pretty messed up about your dad." Kelly pulled some beer out of the fridge.

They had to have been talking about Becca.

Molly glanced over at me before lowering her voice slightly. "I think it's more. Becca's a glass half full kind of girl. She takes everything in stride. I always envied her that ability."

"What was her excuse this time?"

"She didn't give one. She just texted me to say she wasn't up for it and to tell you sorry." Molly looked back over at me. "What are you still doing in here? The guys are outside."

"Okay..." I reluctantly turned to leave. I wanted to know what was going on with Becca, but I didn't feel like crossing those two.

"Here, take these with you." Kelly shoved a bowl of chips at me and handed me a beer.

I joined Tom and Ben outside, placing the bowl on a table.

"Hey, man. We were wondering when you'd get here."

"So, is it just us then?" I spent way too much of my time with those two couples.

"Yeah. We invited Becca, but she isn't coming."

"Other plans?" I fished for information.

Ben put his hands in his pockets. "Who knows? She's got Molly all bent out of shape. You know how Molly is, blaming herself for everything."

"Yeah."

"Maybe she met someone." Tom smirked. "She could be holed up with him right now. Hasn't she been spending a lot of time with your brother, Ben?"

I tensed. There was no way Becca was with Jake.

Ben leaned over to grab a chip. "You don't think Molly's already grilled him? He swears they're just friends."

Tom moved on to his next suspect. "She went out with Ronny last week, but he's out of town for the weekend."

I said nothing. There was no reason to bring it up. I'd told her we should keep it between us, and I'd meant it. Word would have spread like wildfire.

"There you are, you fucking prick!" The screen door banged shut as Jake stomped toward us. I saw it coming from a mile away, but it still surprised me so much I was almost too slow to block his punch. Almost. I caught his fist with my hand.

"What the hell, man?" Ben grabbed his brother before he could stupidly try again.

"You're going to pay. How could you have treated her like that? Do you even realize how amazing she is? I can't believe she was stupid enough to pick you, but she did-and you treated her like a cheap fuck?"

"What the hell?" Tom looked back and forth between us.

I ignored Tom and turned my attention to Jake. "She told you?"

"Oh yeah, I forgot you swore her to silence. What, afraid of hurting your reputation as a saint? Bullshit. Yes, she told me. Someone had to figure out what was going on with her."

"What are you talking about, Jake? Did Becca and Gavin sleep together?" Molly came over. This was just getting worse.

"Yes. And this winner decided to tell her it was a mistake and that they should forget it ever happened." Jake stood with his arms crossed and a scowl on his face.

Molly marched up to me, shoving my chest. "You slept with Becca?"

"Yes. It wasn't a big deal. We got drunk, and it happened."

"You got drunk, and it happened? It wasn't a big deal? Because that's how every girl wants her first time to be. I can't even look at you." She stormed off with Kelly right behind her.

"Her first time?" I slunk down into a chair. "She was a virgin?" I put my head in my hands. Wouldn't I have known that?

"Such a waste. Such a fucking waste, but for some reason, she picked you." Jake still hovered.

"Are you sure she was a virgin?" Shit, I'd screwed up.

"Whoa, man. You really dug yourself a hole." Tom shook his head.

"Is she okay? Am I the reason everyone's worried about her?"

Jake put his head in his hands for a moment before giving me a deadly stare. "What the hell, I've already made her info public. Yes. She's convinced she did something wrong. She actually asked me if a girl could be bad in bed. How could you have let a girl feel that way?"

"She asked you that? She was amazing-she's amazing."

"Then why'd you tell her it was a mistake?" Jake finally backed off a little.

"I figured she felt that way."

"And even if she did, what would possess you to tell her that?" Ben asked.

"What was I supposed to say, 'thanks for the fuck'?"

"Unbelievable." Tom shook his head again. "Unbelievable."

"What?"

"You have great sex-" Tom started to say.

"Nope, amazing sex. He said amazing," Jake butted in.

"Okay, amazing sex, with a gorgeous girl, and you didn't know what to say to her the next morning? Are you really that much of a loser?" Tom wrung his hands in disbelief.

"What's done is done. Now, how do I fix it?"

"Fix it?" Jake asked incredulously. "You mean how do you apologize?"

"How do I get another chance?"

Tom laughed. "Man, you're dreaming."

"What? We had something. I just didn't realize it at the time. I need to talk to her about it."

"I'm still not buying your excuse," Jake added.

"What do you mean?"

"If you like her, why did you tell her to forget about it? Not knowing what to say doesn't cover it."

"I told you. I figured that's what she wanted to hear." I wasn't about to admit to the guys that I was protecting myself. I was so sick of being the loser who the girls left behind.

"It's about Dawn, just admit it," Tom challenged.

"Who the hell is Dawn?" Jake asked.

"Shut up, Tom."

"No, I'm right. This is about the fact that you are still hung up on your girlfriend dumping you. It's been three years. I think that's enough time to grow a pair."

"Don't go there, Tom."

Jake glared at me. "All right. I don't give a damn who Dawn is, but you'd better fix things with Becca. She belongs in this town, and I'm not letting you run her off."

"I know I have to fix it, but she's only here for the summer. Don't make this what it isn't."

"Bullshit. You think she wouldn't come back if there was a reason? She has nine months of school left and then nothing planned. She has no family in Boston and no job. Her best friend lives here-why wouldn't she come back?"

Ben chuckled. "I think hell may have frozen over. Jake is actually trying to help someone other than himself."

Jake turned to his brother. "I'm trying to help Becca. She's cool, and I want her around."

"Yeah, exactly. You want a girl around and it's not because you want to sleep with her. Impressive."

Jake punched Ben's arm. "Shut up."

"Okay, can you stop long enough to help me figure this out?" Discussing my screw up or how cool Becca was wasn't going to help me win her back.

"You've got to try to talk to her."

"I know. I'm going to go now."

"I'd wait a little." Kelly joined us. "Molly just went over to talk to her."

"I hope that goes well..." Ben looked worried.

Kelly broke off the flip top from her Coke. "Yeah, she's pretty hurt."

"Why's Molly hurt?" I asked.

"Because Becca didn't tell her about what happened. Girls are supposed to tell their best friends that kind of stuff," Kelly explained.

Jake brushed it off. "Oh, that's bull. It's obvious why she told me."

"Care to enlighten us?" Ben asked with a smile.

"Because she cares what Molly thinks, but not what I think. She thinks she messed up and didn't want anyone whose opinion mattered judging her. She may have only known me a week or so, but she knows nothing she can do is worse than what I've done."

"That's all very nice, but I'm going over there. I need to talk to her. I can't let her think I actually meant anything by what I said."

"Do you really want to cross Molly and Becca when they're mad?" Ben asked. "Two angry girls can be brutal."

"I'll risk it." I stood up, putting my beer, of which I'd yet to have a sip, on the table.

Chapter Fifteen

Becca

"Open this door up immediately, Becca!" Molly yelled.

I pulled the covers over my head. I'd actually resorted to getting into bed at eight o'clock on a Saturday night.

"Becca? I mean it, or I'm getting the key from Ben's mom and then we'll both come in."

That did it. I was up and at the door within seconds. "Hey."

She pulled me into a hug, propelling us back into the room. For such a petite girl, she was strong.

"I know what happened."

"Oh. Listen, I'm sorry I've been ignoring you, I just couldn't face you." I walked over to sit on the couch.

"Couldn't face me? You can always tell me anything." Her voice revealed a level of hurt I wasn't expecting to hear.

"Not this."

"I knew you liked him. That much was obvious." She took a seat next to me.

"Really? I didn't even really know it..."

"Well, I did. I knew it was just a matter of time before you guys got together. I just wouldn't have thought it'd be like this." She squeezed my hand reassuringly.

"Yeah. I know I've been blowing it out of proportion. I just felt dumb, and like a failure yet again." I buried my face in my hands.

She moved closer. "Why'd you think you were a failure?"

"I can't even have sex well. What does that say about me?"

"Becca, please tell me you don't actually believe that. It had nothing to do with the sex. It was just Gavin being a jerk. Although I have my suspicions there too."

"Suspicions?" I wondered what she was implying.

"I kind of think he got scared."

I half coughed-half laughed. "Scared? Of me?"

"Of how he felt. This just doesn't feel like Gavin. Tell me, what was it like?"

I shook my head. "I'm not going there, Mol. No way."

"Not the details, but what was it like to be with him?"

I dared to look at her. "It felt good. It felt safe."

"I think he felt something too, but he knows you're leaving at the end of the summer. That's the only explanation I can think of. I think he was shocked when Jake told him you cared-he thought he was giving you what you wanted-a clean break."

"When Jake told him? What? Oh my god. I am going to kill that boy!"

Molly laughed. "Finally, you're making sense."

"Who else did Jake tell? Please tell me, it was just you and Gavin."

She looked away. "Tom, Kelly, and Ben were there too."

"What!" I couldn't believe it. "How am I going to face anyone now? I just need to leave and go home."

I got up, ready to start packing. I'd have to find a job back in Boston. "Becca, stop it. They're your friends."

"No, they're your friends. Big difference."

She looked hurt by my words, but they were the truth. "They want to be your friends too."

"I can't do this."

"If anyone should be humiliated, it's Gavin, not you. What do you have to be embarrassed about?"

"You're joking right? Because being completely inexperienced and flipping out when a guy didn't want me isn't embarrassing?"

"Being inexperienced isn't shameful, and you got upset because a guy treated you badly-it's not that he didn't want you."

"Whatever you say." Even I could hear the coldness in my voice.

"You could have told me though. You didn't have to shut me out and hide." The hurt in her voice was crystal clear, but I was the one who had to live through the experience. Still, my telling her brother-in-law first might have been a slap in the face.

"I didn't want to be that girl, you know?"

"I know." Something about the way Molly said it made her words ring true. She'd certainly been through her share of hard times, so she probably understood the need to keep things private.

"I don't see how I can face any of them, especially not Gavin. He's probably regretting what happened even more now." It hurt to say those words. I didn't want him to regret it.

"I already told you he didn't regret it. You don't have to be embarrassed to face him, and it's no reason to leave."

There was a louder knock on the door. I knew with a sinking feeling it wasn't Kelly.

I looked at Molly, letting her know I wanted her to deal with it. She opened the door and slipped outside, but not before I saw Gavin looking in at me. I wanted to disappear.

Molly came back inside, closing the door most of the way. "He wants to talk to you. But you don't have to, you know."

"What is this, sixth grade again?"

I tried to fix my hair a little, glad I was wearing yoga pants and not pajamas, and walked to the door. "Yes?" I made myself look up at him.

He looked nervously down at me. "Can we talk?"

"Sure." I walked over to sit on the lounge chair I'd been sitting on when I opened up to Jake about my non-existent sex life. Real great decision that was.

Molly looked at me.

I nodded. "You can go. I promise we'll hang out tomorrow."

"Okay, if you're sure." She waved and slowly walked away.

I looked back at Gavin, who sat down next to me. "So..."

"I'm sorry."

"What exactly are you sorry for? For sleeping with me?"

He shook his head and looked alarmed. "No! No, that's not it. I'm not sorry for that."

"You sure seemed that way last week."

"I was just being an idiot."

"So why are you here exactly?"

"I can't stop thinking about you, Becca. I only said those things because I thought it would make everything easier, but obviously all I did was screw things up more."

"And?"

"And, well, would you maybe want to go out some time?" He gave me this half smile that did something to my stomach-but I ignored it.

"Is this a joke?"

"No, of course not."

"Listen, Gavin. You didn't have to come here to apologize. I'm a big girl, and I can handle it. I'm only going to be around another few months-so it's not that big of a deal."

"But it is a big deal. I don't want to avoid you. I want to see you more."

"You had it right the first time." I picked up my chin and forced myself to meet his eyes.

"What are you saying?"

"Let's just pretend it never happened. Good night." I got up and headed inside.

"Becca, wait. Please, let's talk about this."

I closed the door behind me without turning around.

Chapter Sixteen

Gavin

Of all the stupid things I'd done, letting Becca slip out of my place was the dumbest. The full reality of it hit me as I walked through the gate and down the Mathews's driveway. I don't know what I was expecting her to say, but throwing my own words back at me, and telling me she wanted to forget it ever happened was as bad as it could get.

"I never took you for being an idiot." Molly leaned back against Ben's truck where she'd parked it along the street.

"Thanks, I needed that."

"I heard what you said to her."

"Eavesdrop much?"

"Do you want to give me a hard time, or do you want my help?" She crossed her arms, daring me to argue.

"You think you can help me?"

"Yes. But only because I think it's what's best for Becca."

"You think I'm what's best for Becca?" This could be good, really good.

"Yes. She likes you. She obviously trusts you, or she wouldn't have been with you. Becca's always been afraid to trust people, and she's so worried about her safety that it comes across as OCD or something. She deserves to feel safe, and to be happy, and you might be able to help on both accounts."

"I know I can. At least I want to try."

"She needs to stay the summer. I don't think there's anything for her in Boston anymore, and I want her to know she can have a place here if she wants."

"You sound like Jake." I shifted from foot to foot. I was anxious to do something, anything.

"Ugh. Don't say that. But if he's on board, then all the better."

"So how do you think you can help?"

"I'm working on a plan." She kicked around a rock with her flip flop.

"When's it going to be ready?"

"I need some time, but why don't you start by getting her car back. Dale went out of town for the weekend, but I'm sure you can find someone with whatever that part is they need, can't you?"

"Yes. Okay, her car. I can do that."

Molly smiled. "Good."

"Are you going back to Tom and Kelly's?"

"Yeah, are you?"

"No, I think I'll just go home."

"All right, but start thinking of ways to fix this mess. I know you didn't mean to hurt her, and she'll see that one day if you can make up for the fact that you were a total jerk."

"I hope so." I didn't add that I hoped she'd realize it soon.

***

I decided not to go straight home. Dale, the owner of the garage may have been out of town, but Greg was around. I stopped by his house without calling first.

"Listen I need you to do me a favor."

"I'm listening." He didn't move to open the door wider, so I figured we'd have the conversation on the front step. Maybe he had company he didn't want me to know about.

"I need you to finish up that little bug you have in the shop."

"Excuse me?"

"I'm sure Dale got the part. He just didn't want to be bothered before taking off for the weekend."

"So what do you want me to do about it?" He leaned against the door frame.

"Fix her car, Greg."

A slow smile spread across his face. "Why are you so concerned about the bug, Gavin?"

"Because Becca deserves her car back."

"So this is just the chivalrous side of you? It has nothing to do with trying to get with her?" He grinned.

"Listen, you owe me. Do this, and we're even." I didn't feel the need to bring up exactly why he owed me: I'd made sure to keep his brother's ass out of jail.

"Fine. I'll go tomorrow and finish the job."

"Thanks, man. Call me when it's done, okay?"

"Sure, I'm guessing you want to bring it to her yourself?"

"Yes." Of course she probably wouldn't be thrilled about it.

I went straight home after that. I wasn't sure what difference the car would make, but it was a start, and I had to fix things with Becca. I couldn't get her out of my head, and I doubted it was going to suddenly get any better.

***

Greg called me around eleven the next day and told me he had Becca's car done. I paid the bill and got into the driver's seat. It's a good thing I'm not claustrophobic because I had almost no room in that sad excuse for a car. Why someone would choose to drive such a small car, especially an old one was beyond me-but from the brief conversation I heard her have with Molly, she had some sort of fondness for it.

I left my car at the garage, hoping Becca would forgive me enough to give me a lift back. If not, I'd return Molly's to her. I could walk to the garage from there. I sat in the car for a minute longer than I needed to. I wasn't sure what kind of reaction I was in for.

As I walked into the yard, I realized I didn't need to worry about whether she'd open the door. I watched as she swam laps in the large pool. She was so graceful. Her figure cut elegantly through the water. I held back as much as I could, not ready for her to notice me right away.

"Is there something you need?" She pulled up her goggles, her hands pressed against the side of the pool.

"You swim?" I asked stupidly, walking over.

She smiled just a little. "Yeah, I swim." She was wearing a one-piece suit, but it hugged her closely, and watching her wet only brought other thoughts to my head.

"I came by to drop off your car."

That got her attention. She pulled herself out, and I at least managed to grab her towel for her.

I watched her dry off. I'm sure I looked like a complete creep. Once you've been with a girl, it's impossible not to picture her naked in moments like those. When you still want her, it only gets worse.

"How'd you get my car?" She pulled an elastic band from her hair, letting it all fall down her back. I'd never seen her hair wet before. I liked it. "The guy at the garage said he wouldn't finish until Monday."

"Someone who works there owed me a favor."

She frowned. "So you did it out of some weird form of guilt or something? I told you I don't care about what happened. It was a dumb mistake, and it's over."

I reached out for her, ignoring the rational part of my brain telling me she probably didn't want me touching her. "The only mistake was me letting you leave like that. I was an idiot, Becca."

She took a step away from me, shrugging off the hand I placed on her arm. "We've been over this, and I thought we'd decided to let it go. I'll be out of your hair before you know it."

"Out of my hair? Are you even listening to me? I want you, Becca. What can I do to change your mind?"

She got a funny grin all of a sudden, and I had no idea what I was in for. "It might not change my mind, but I do have something you can do for me."

"What?"

"Wait here." She crossed over to the pool house and disappeared inside. I hoped she'd be coming back. The door opened a minute later. She had a beach cover up on and a piece of paper in her hand. "I figure you can take care of this for me."

I took the paper, ready to agree to anything. It was a parking ticket.

"You want me to take care of a ticket for you?"

"Look at the date and location."

I read it and couldn't help laughing. "This was the night you spent at my place."

"Yeah. I figured putting out for an officer should pay it off." She waited a beat before smiling. She'd had me worried for a second. At least she still had a sense of humor.

"I'll take care of it."

"Good. May I have my keys?"

"Oh yeah, sure." I pulled her black braided keychain from my pocket. She held her right hand out to take them, but instead I took her left hand in mine, and pulled open her fist, placing the key inside before wrapping my hand around hers.

"Thanks." Her eyes widened.

"You're welcome." I leaned forward to kiss her, relieved when she didn't pull away immediately. I didn't want to push my luck, but I'd been craving her constantly the past week. I put an arm around her, pulling her against me, needing to feel her body against mine. She broke the kiss, pushing her hands against my chest to distance us.

"You should go." She crossed her arms.

"Do you really want me to?"

She looked torn for a second, and I let myself get hopeful. "Yes."

"No, you don't. But that's beside the point. I need a ride."

"Are you serious?"

I smiled, watching the look of panic cross her face. She was nervous being in a car with me. I wondered if she was more worried about me or her reaction to me.

"Fine. I want to get changed first." She didn't wait for an answer. She just went inside.

I flopped down into a chair by the pool to wait. She'd kissed me back, and I knew she felt it too. She was still interested. I just had to get her to trust me again. I turned as I heard the back door to the main house open. Mary Mathews, Ben's mother, came out and pulled out a chair to sit next to me. "Visiting Becca?"

"Yeah. I dropped her car off."

"That was nice of you."

"Just trying to help."

"She's a beautiful girl, isn't she?" Mary said with a small smile.

"That she is."

"Not that this is information you'd be interested in, but she was asking me about where to get sushi around here."

The door to the pool house opened. I glanced at Mary quickly before getting up. "Thanks for the intel."

She winked. "Just mentioning it."

"Hey, hon," she called to Becca before disappearing back into the house.

Becca walked over to me, dressed in a light blue strapless sundress. Blue was definitely her color.

"You ready?"

"Sure."

We walked around to the front of the house where I'd parked her car. I waited for her to get in and reach over to unlock the passenger door. I barely fit. She pulled out and headed toward the square.

"Have you had lunch?"

"No, why?" She sounded hesitant.

"Oh, no reason really. I was just totally craving the eel rolls at my favorite sushi place in Wilmington and was going to head over. Any interest in joining me?"

"You like sushi?" She eyed me skeptically.

"What, I have a southern accent, so I can't eat sushi?"

She turned red. "No, sorry. It's just that Molly would never touch it, and I just assumed..."

"Yeah, and we all know how beneficial assumptions are."

We were getting close to the garage, and I watched her mull it over. "Okay, but you're driving."

"I was going to insist. There's no way I'm spending more time in this thing."

"This thing? Do you really want to go there?"

I grinned. "Nope. Just drop me off, and I'll follow you back home so you can leave your car there."

"All right. I'll see you in a few minutes."

She pulled to a stop right by my car, and I hopped out. My legs protested from the cramped space. "See ya in a second."

"Thank you, Mary Mathews," I said as I followed that little yellow bug back through town.

Chapter Seventeen

Becca

Had I seriously just agreed to have lunch with Gavin? His comment about craving sushi threw me off, and then he'd called me out for being rude.

Maybe I should have been more surprised that I'd let him kiss me. He just caught me off guard, and his lips felt so good against mine. Then he went and put his arm around me. It was too much to resist.

I knew I should stay away from him, but what would one lunch do? Besides, if anything was going to put me in a good mood, it was sushi. I was getting tired of all the salads and frozen meals I'd been eating since arriving in town. The only good meals I'd had were the French toast and that lasagna from Mrs. Mathews.

I parked my car along the curb, checking in my rear view mirror to see that Gavin was still right behind me. I got out and waited as he parked. He came around so he could open my door for me. If I didn't know any better, I would have thought he was a gentleman.

"I'm glad you decided to come to lunch. This place is awesome."

"I'm excited. I've actually been craving sushi lately." I buckled my seatbelt.

He smiled. "Really? What a coincidence. It looks like we have something else in common."

"What else do we have in common?"

"I'm guessing by your display on the beach that you're into sports. I am too."

"Did you play anything?" I liked how he was keeping the conversation off what happened between us. It was like we were doing everything backward though: getting to know each other after we'd slept together.

"Yeah, you can say that." He got a strange look on his face, like something he'd said was funny.

"What do you mean?"

"I played baseball."

"Like in high school or college?"

"I played in the minors for a few years."

"Really? Wow, that's really cool." I was such a baseball fan, of course I'd fallen for a player.

"Yeah, it was." A shadow crossed his face.

"When did you stop?"

He turned onto the highway leading out of town. It was the first time I'd left since I drove down, and I was looking forward to a change of scenery. "About three years ago. A rotator cuff tear ended things."

"Oh, I'm sorry." Ouch. I complained about losing my job with the D.A's office, but there was still the chance I could work there in the future. He'd lost his dream completely.

"It's the past." He kept his eyes focused straight ahead.

"Yeah, but that doesn't make it easy."

He glanced over at me. "That's definitely true."

"So who'd you play for?" Short lived or not, it was still exciting.

"The Durham Bulls."

"Oh cool. Were you hoping to play for the Rays?"

"You know their major affiliation?" He raised an eyebrow, taking his eyes off the road for a moment to look at me.

"I told you I was a baseball fan."

"Yeah, but that doesn't mean you'd know that."

I shrugged "I'm a baseball nerd. What do you want?"

He laughed. "I like you, Becca. But to answer your question, yeah, I was hoping to play for them. Well, it was more than that. I had the contract. I just got hurt before I could start."

"Oh, how awful." Without thinking, I put a hand on his arm.

"It's all right. Like I said, it's the past."

"Do you still like to watch, or does it depress you or something?"

He looked over. "Yeah, I still watch. Why, you want to catch a game sometime or something?"

"Where would we go?"

"Answer me first." He got a funny smile on his face. "Do you want to catch a game?"

"Yeah, unless you're talking little league or something. That can be pretty painful to watch unless you know the kids."

He laughed. "No, I'm not talking little league."

"Then, sure." Was I really agreeing to spend more time with him? I needed help. The guy humiliated me, and now I was going to play nice. No way. "Wait."

"What?"

"But only as friends."

"I think we're past the 'friends' stage."

"Then forget it. I agreed to have lunch, but I was serious when I said we needed to forget what happened." I looked out the window.

"And that kiss earlier canceled that out. We are not doing anything as friends. I've played that game before, and it's not going to work."

"And what if I don't want to be anything more than friends?"

"Let's not worry about a label right now. I'd just like to get to know you. I should have done that before taking you home, but I can't change that now. So let's just enjoy it, okay?"

I found myself nodding without meaning to. Part of me needed to make something more of our hook up-to make it worth it. Maybe we'd end up friends by the end of the summer.

Gavin pulled into a busy lot. It looked like we weren't the only ones in the mood for sushi. He led me into the restaurant.

We were seated at a window table. Gavin pulled out my chair before seating himself. Yet another point for him. Call me old fashioned, but I liked a man who treated a woman nicely.

"Do you usually get rolls, sushi, or sashimi?" Gavin hadn't even given me a chance to look over the menu.

"Ah, usually rolls, but I'm open to anything." I glanced down at the menu. "Oh, I definitely have to try their seaweed salad."

"Okay rolls, and you're open to anything. Does that mean you'll let me order for both of us?"

He looked at me as if he expected an argument.

"Is that a challenge?"

"Maybe."

"Order away." I waved my arm out to my side in a "the sky's the limit" kind of gesture.

The waiter came over, and I listened closely as Gavin ordered us hot tea and enough rolls to feed at least four people. I was happy to hear that he remembered the seaweed salad.

"You don't really think we're going to eat that much, do you?"

He grinned. "You've never seen me eat before, have you?"

I looked at him. He was a big guy, but I knew for a fact he had no fat on him. He was built like a rock. "I guess not. So you have a big appetite?"

"Yeah, I have a big appetite." He looked right at me as he said it, and I know I detected something suggestive in his comment. I could practically feel my cheeks burning, so I'm sure I blushed. He was getting good at embarrassing me.

"You never told me, where did you grow up?"

"Augusta, Georgia," he said as the waiter arrived to pour our tea.

"Really? So were you into golf?"

He smiled. "You know golf trivia too?"

"Knowing where the Masters are played every year doesn't count as golf trivia. It's common knowledge."

He laughed. I loved its deep sound. "You'd be surprised. I've dated plenty of girls who've never even heard of the Masters."

"Maybe that's more a statement on the type of girls you date..."

"Is that your way of asking about my dating history?"

"No. It was just a statement." Maybe I was a little curious.

"I've dated enough, but I've only really had one serious relationship."

"Recent?" I took a sip of tea, enjoying the warmth in the overly air conditioned room.

"It's been three years."

I did the math. "Oh, you were together when you played."

He nodded.

"But not after?" I bit my tongue. I was being nosy. He tensed, and I tried to back pedal. "Sorry, that's none of my business."

"No, it's okay. It's a fair question. She broke it off when she realized my career was over."

Ouch. That was cold. In a knee jerk reaction, I reached across the table and grabbed his hand.

He looked down at my hand on his like he was surprised. I started to pull mine away, when he wrapped his around mine. He glanced up and smiled. "Tough times tend to bring out people's true natures."

"Yeah, that's true. But I'm sorry. I can't imagine how hard it would have been to have all of that happen at once." I should have kept my mouth shut. He probably didn't care what I had to say about it.

"It wasn't fun. But what about you?"

"What about me?"

"I told you about my dating past. What's your story?"

My chest tightened. I so wasn't going there. "There's nothing much to talk about."

"There has to be something. You must have dated. I doubt Ronny and I were the first two men to show an interest in you."

"I've been on dates, but nothing of consequence. You already know how nonexistent my sex life is-or was." I took another sip of tea.

He rubbed his thumb over my hand and just smiled at me for a second. "All right, I'll buy it, but I still find it hard to believe. If I find some irate ex-boyfriend chasing me down, I'm going to be mad you didn't warn me."

I tried to force a laugh. "No, no irate ex-boyfriends, I promise."

"Good."

Our food arrived, and Gavin dug in. I wasn't positive what everything was, but I decided to be adventurous. I understood why Gavin liked the eel rolls: they were some of the best I'd had. My favorite had to be the Dragon Roll. It had enough spice to leave me reaching for my tea after each piece.

"You do eat a lot."

"And you don't eat enough. I hope you aren't holding back on my account."

"Nope, I've had plenty." I'd eaten more than I usually would. Contrary to how he usually made me feel, at that moment, I was comfortable with him.

"Okay, good. I've figured it out."

"What?" I asked.

"What your flaw is. You seemed too perfect. Beautiful, athletic, into watching sports, smart, funny-there had to be a catch. Now I found it."

"And what's the catch? Aside from my accent of course."

He smiled. "You're a health freak. But don't worry. You won't be when I'm done with you."

When he was done with me? I knew it was a saying, but it upset me somewhere in the pit of my stomach.

"Are you okay? I was only joking."

I guess my reaction showed. "I'm fine."

"Okay, good." We finished eating, and Gavin insisted on getting the check. I let him. I could tell he liked to do things traditionally. Maybe our hook up really was out of character for him.

"You ready?" He accepted his credit card back from the server.

"Sure. Thanks for lunch."

"Anytime." He leaned across the table a little. "And I mean anytime."

"Thanks." I smiled before pushing out my chair.

We drove back to town chatting about baseball mostly until we were almost back at my house.

"Are you doing anything fun tonight?" he asked.

"I'm hanging out with Molly. I kind of owe it to her. I blew her off all week."

"You had every reason to. And that's my fault. I really am sorry."

He hesitated with his hand on the gear shift. "Can we hang out next weekend? We can keep it simple. Maybe just coffee?"

I had to think it over. I wasn't sure if spending more time with him would be pushing it, but I'd survived lunch and even kind of enjoyed it. Surely I could handle coffee. "Okay."

He drove me the rest of the way home. "Have a good week, Becca." He leaned over and kissed me on the cheek.

"Thanks. You too."

I was a little surprised when he didn't try anything else, but I knew it was for the best. "See ya, thanks for lunch."

"Oh wait, one question?" he asked as I opened the door.

"Yeah?"

"What's your favorite kind of flower?"

"Lilies, yellow lilies. Why?"

"No reason. Bye."

"Bye." I didn't know what to think as I walked back inside, but I definitely had a smile on my face.

Chapter Eighteen

Becca

My desk was completely covered in yellow lilies Monday morning. I had to move a few vases just to turn on my computer.

"Do you know who they're all from? I didn't find a card."

I turned to see Matt in the doorway.

"Would you have opened the card if you'd found one?"

"No, of course not," he said quickly.

I wasn't so sure. "I know who they're from."

Matt stood waiting for me to tell him. He was out of luck. "I'm going to finish up that research you had me start last week."

"Okay..." he stammered.

I bit back a smile before sitting down.

It was impossible to have anything but a great day with so many beautiful flowers surrounding me. My usually bleak office felt cheerful. One should never underestimate the power of flowers-especially several dozen of them.

I was still thinking about the flowers that night. I needed to thank Gavin, but I didn't have his number. The irony that I didn't have a number for the one guy I'd had sex with wasn't lost on me as I texted Kelly for it-glad I didn't have to bother Molly. She was at a show with Ben.

My phone rang immediately. "Oh my god, you want to make up?"

"Hey, Kelly. We already did, kind of, but I don't have his number, and I need it." I decided to leave out the reason.

"I'll text it to you when I hang up." She sounded way too excited.

I laughed. "Okay, I'm going to get off so I can call him."

"Sure, but you have to fill me in on all the details later."

"Okay, bye."

As promised, she texted me his number. Instead of calling, I went with a text message. Thanks for the flowers. I didn't bother to tell him it was me. He'd figure it out.

He wrote back immediately. What flowers?

I laughed before replying. Fine, make sure to thank whatever guy did send them to me.

I didn't get a reply right away and assumed he wasn't going to respond. I was just about to give up and put down my phone when I got a new text. He says "you're welcome."

I smiled as I got ready for bed.

***

I was still in a great mood Tuesday when Matt stopped by my office around lunch time.

"Did you order sushi?"

"What?"

"This was just dropped off, and it's got your name on it."

I took the plastic bag from him, knowing it would be from the sushi place Gavin had taken me to.

"Thanks."

"Is this from the same person who got you all those flowers?"

"What do you think?"

"Whatever." Matt walked out of the office.

I sat down to enjoy my lunch. Gavin even remembered the seaweed salad. I decided to text him again. I'd thank you for lunch, but it wasn't you, was it?

I don't know. Was it?

Have a great day, Gavin.

You too. Enjoy the sushi.

I never said it was sushi.

Lucky guess.

***

Wednesday was a long day at work. I didn't get home until close to seven, and I was ready to collapse. I was pleasantly surprised to find a gift bag right outside the pool house. I brought it inside, giddy as I sat down at the table to open it. A container of Godiva white chocolate hot cocoa, chocolate chip biscotti, and a DVD waited for me. I looked at the DVD and busted out laughing-it was Bull Durham. Once again, I texted Gavin.

Nice movie choice.

Does it maybe remind you of someone?

Nope. Should it?

Not at all. By the way, that biscotti is hard to find. I had to go to four different stores.

So you admit it's from you?

If you keep asking, I'm going to accuse you of actually having the angry ex you swore you didn't have.

Thanks for the treat and the movie.

Enjoy!

***

I thought Gavin was all played out until I heard a noise outside my door around eight o'clock Thursday night. By the time I opened the door, no one was there. I did find season four of the Gilmore Girls. It was the only season I didn't have.

Gilmore Girls? You were really digging, huh?

I'll even watch it with you, but I admit I'd have to watch the first three seasons first.

I doubt it's your kind of show.

But you're my kind of girl.

Thanks for the DVDs.

You can thank me in person on our coffee date tomorrow. Marney's at 7:30.

See you then.

Good night, Becca.

Good night.

***

Friday night, I tried to push away the nerves that ate away at me. It was just coffee-nothing to get myself bent out of shape over. I parked my car right out front of Marney's, still loving that I had it back. Molly's car was a lot nicer than mine, but I preferred the comfort and style of my own.

I showed up early, and as I'd hoped, Gail was there alone. "Hey, hon, are you finally ready for that talk?"

"I definitely am."

She smiled. "I think this calls for some pie. What's your favorite kind?"

"Pecan. Definitely pecan."

"Want some coffee with that?"

"That would be great."

I grabbed our coffees, and Gail carried two plates of pie to a table in the corner.

"So tell me, how's the summer going for you?

I loved that she jumped right in. "It's been interesting."

"A good interesting?"

"Partly." I took a bite of the pie. It melted in my mouth. "Wow, this is good."

"It's even better with some vanilla ice cream, but I'm out."

"Thanks for the tip, but it's perfect just the way it is."

"What's made the summer interesting?" She took a bite of her peach pie. It looked delicious, but it couldn't have been better than the pecan.

"Mostly the people."

"Anyone I know?"

"Don't you know everyone in town?"

She laughed. "You got me there."

"Well, I only have twenty minutes because I have another date."

"With Ronny?"

"No, Gavin."

"Ohh. He's a better choice for you." She leaned forward on her elbows.

"You think?"

"Definitely. He's new around here, but he's the good kind."

"New? He's been here three years."

"Honey, that's new."

"What does that make me?"

"Practically just born. But tell me, is this your first date with him?"

"No. We've, uh, spent some time together in the past, and we had lunch last weekend."

"Time together? You can be honest with me, Becca. I'm guessing that means you slept with him."

I'm sure I turned deep red. Gail had to be at least seventy-five. "Yes."

"Well, it couldn't have been that bad if you two keep seeing each other."

"No, it wasn't. I'm just scared, you know? I don't know what's going on in his head at all."

"A little advice: you'll never know what a man is thinking. That's the fun part."

"The fun part? What's the bad part?"

"If he's the right one for you, there won't be any bad parts, just some bumps in the road."

"Bumps in the road." That was one way of putting it.

The jangle of the bell announced the arrival of customers. Gail excused herself, and I finished my pie.

I brought my plate to the dish bin and had just sat back down when Gavin walked in.

"Starting without me?"

"Hey, sorry. I got here early."

"It's fine. I'm going to get something."

"You don't need to do that. Here you go." Gail arrived with a cup of coffee for Gavin. "Your date's been waiting long enough." She winked at me before walking away.

"See, that's what I love about this town." Gavin took a sip of his coffee.

"Yeah, Gail's pretty awesome."

"I didn't really keep you waiting, did I? I thought I was early."

"You are. I was just even earlier."

"Dating another early bird might be pretty nice."

"Using that word again?"

"We're dating, Becca. Accept it."

I laughed. "Okay, I might one day." I took another sip of coffee and then looked back over at him. "There's something I wanted to talk to you about."

"What is it?"

"I think we should forget what happened-"

"What? No way. I thought-I mean, you seemed-"

I decided to put him out of his misery. "Forget what happened that morning. I didn't mean we had to forget what happened that night." My whole body got warm thinking about that.

"Oh. Yeah, I like that idea."

"Me too." I smiled.

"So tell me, how was your week?"

"My week? It was good, full of surprises."

"Yeah?" He stretched out his legs under the table, and they brushed against mine.

"Some really good surprises."

"Good, you deserve good surprises."

I smiled. "You're sweet."

"Sweet? I'll take that. I'll also accept thoughtful or amazing."

"What'd you have to bribe Molly with to get all the insider information?"

"What are you talking about?"

"Oh, you just happened to know my taste in cocoa or the one Gilmore Girls season I was missing."

"Okay, so I might have had some help." He smiled sheepishly.

"She's a good friend."

"Yeah, she is. She just wants you happy."

"I know. And I love her for it."

We spent another hour talking before we decided to head out. I had plans with Molly I didn't want to break.

"I know you're busy later tonight, but want to get together tomorrow?"

I didn't answer at first.

"I'm going to take your lack of response as a yes."

"Hey, you can't do that!" I argued.

"Yes, I can. If you really had a problem with it, you would have told me. I know you have no trouble telling me what you're thinking." He grinned wickedly. "Be ready at nine tomorrow morning."

"Where are we going?"

"It's a surprise, but wear a swim suit-preferably the one you were wearing when we played volleyball the other day."

"I didn't think you'd noticed. You seemed more concerned with winning."

"Oh I noticed. I definitely noticed. Everyone noticed, and I wasn't too happy about it."

"Let's make a deal."

"What kind of deal?"

"I'll go if Molly and Ben can come too. I really need to spend more time with her." I could already see where things might be heading with Gavin. Spending time together was one thing, letting anything happen again, at least anytime soon, was another altogether.

"You're hanging out with her tonight..."

"So? That's tonight."

"Fine. I accept your terms."

We were in front of my car when I got brave again. I leaned in toward him and whispered. "So were you being serious about the dreams, I mean about having them...?"

"Yeah, I was being serious." He picked up my hand and laced his fingers with mine. "Were you?"

"I had one."

"So you're still claiming it was just one?"

"One really good one."

I reached for the door latch, but I felt his hand on my arm. "Before you go, tell me, Becca. Did the real thing live up to your dream?"

"It surpassed it." I got in the car before I could see his reaction. He really was bringing out a different side of me.

Chapter Nineteen

Becca

"Hey, Mol, you home?" After knocking a few times, I tried the door and was surprised to find it opened.

"I'm up here," she yelled.

I walked inside with a sinking feeling growing larger by the second. Something was going on-something was wrong.

Molly sat cross legged on the light pink tiled floor of the master bathroom. She didn't look up.

"Is everything okay?" I asked.

"I don't know."

I sat down next to her, finally realizing she held something in her hand.

"Is that what I think it is?"

"Yes." She held out the piece of white plastic so I could see the two pink lines.

"Wow, congratulations. I didn't know you guys were trying to get pregnant."

"We weren't."

I took a moment to formulate a response. This was one of those situations where you had to say the right thing. "Oh. Well, congratulations anyway."

"Ben's going to freak out. I still can't figure out how to tell him."

"Did you just find out?"

"No. This is my third test." She pulled out two more sticks from under the sink.

"Seriously? You didn't trust the first two?"

She shrugged. "I wanted to be sure before I told Ben."

"I'm sure he'll be happy."

"What if he's not?"

"Why wouldn't he be? You guys are married, and he has a good job. What's the problem?"

"I'm not ready. What if he's not either?"

"What do you mean you aren't ready?"

"I haven't even settled on a career yet. It's too soon."

"Then how'd it happen?" I tried to keep the bitterness out of my voice, but this was a really sensitive subject for me.

"I forgot a few pills last month."

"Aren't you the one who has an alarm set on your phone to remind you to take them?" I used to make fun of Molly about it in college. Every time, she'd go off on a tirade about being responsible. I didn't need an alarm. I took my pill at the same time every day just in case.

"Not anymore. I turned off the alarm after Adam died, when it wasn't such a big deal. I never worried as much with Ben, I guess."

"Maybe it was your subconscious way of getting what you really wanted-a baby."

"Please don't go all psychology mumbo jumbo on me."

I laughed. This had nothing to do with my psychology major in college. "I'm just saying it's possible."

"At least I haven't really been drinking. I've had maybe one beer this month."

"That's a good thing." I touched her hand to get her attention. "This is a good thing."

"I hope you're right. Do you really think Ben will be happy?"

"I don't know Ben that well, but my bet is he will be. He's so in love with you. Why wouldn't he love knowing you're having his baby?"

"I hope so. I just have to decide when to tell him."

"Tonight. Why wait? I'll do my own thing, give you some time."

"No. That's silly. We have plans."

"Yeah, but telling Ben this news is important."

"I know. But what are you going to do?"

"I noticed a Redbox at the gas station. I'll pick a movie up."

"Are you sure?"

"Positive."

I heard the sound of a car pulling into the driveway. "I'm going to let you talk to him. Tell me how it goes."

"I will."

I gave her a hug before walking back downstairs. I ran into Ben on my way out.

"Hey there, where are you going? Aren't you girls hanging out tonight?"

"Uh, I think you guys have plans now." I smiled, and he gave me a perplexed look.

"Have a good night!" I called as I headed to my car. It was so nice to have it back.

***

The Redbox was practically empty when I got there, but that wasn't surprising on a Friday night. After giving up on finding a new release, I started scanning the older movies. I eventually settled on a Denzel Washington action flick I hadn't seen in a while. It wasn't my favorite movie, but it would entertain me enough.

I slid in my credit card and waited for the machine to process the rental. It was taking longer than usual and making a funny humming noise, so I started losing hope. Just then, I heard voices coming out of the convenience store, and I definitely recognized them both. I thought about ducking out of sight, but my movie was just about to pop out, and I couldn't just leave it. First of all I wanted it, and besides, I'd end up having to pay for the darn thing if it wasn't returned.

"Becca?" I pulled out the movie and reluctantly turned.

"Hey." I waved to both Gavin and Ronny. They were each carrying a six pack of beer.

"Did you get my message?" Ronny asked just as Gavin jumped in with his own question.

"Weren't you supposed to be hanging out with Molly tonight?"

I decided to tackle Gavin's question first. It was the less awkward one. "Yeah, she had some stuff to do."

"Stuff?" He gave me an amused smile.

"Uh yeah, girl stuff."

"Okay..."

"So, about this weekend, would you maybe want to catch a movie or something tomorrow?" Ronny asked hopefully. I'd totally forgotten about his message. He'd surprised me by calling at all. I'd hoped when I shut him down the other night that it would have been the end of the story.

I glanced over at Gavin, wondering if there was any chance he could help.

"Becca's not going to a movie with you."

"Why not?" Ronny looked at him, ignoring me completely.

"Because we're seeing each other."

"Since when?"

"It's been a few weeks." Gavin winked at me.

"A few weeks? That couldn't have been long after we went out..." Ronny finally turned to look at me.

"I'm sorry. I should have called you back." I tried to smile.

"No, I get it. It's cool."

Wow, this was awkward. "So nice seeing you both, but I'm going to get going."

"Not so fast." Gavin took a step to the side, blocking my escape route.

"What?"

"What movie is that?" He pulled the disc from my hand, maneuvering it so he could see the title. "You're into action movies? You really are one of a kind, huh?"

"Not really. I just like Denzel."

Gavin shook his head. "Whatever you say. So you're just going home to watch it?"

I wasn't sure what the fifty questions were about. Maybe he was still trying to put on a show for Ronny.

"Uh huh, what are you guys up to?" I decided to at least try to play polite.

"Poker at Matt's."

"At Matt's? His wife is nicer than I'd be." Just hearing his name made me cringe a little.

"He's got a nice basement," Ronny explained.

"Cool, okay, have fun."

"You can join us if you want."

"Oh, uh, no thanks."

"So you're not into poker?"

"Not with a bunch of drunk guys. Nope."

They both laughed.

"Matt's around the block from you, so maybe I'll stop by when I leave. I'll call you." Gavin squeezed my hand.

"Okay..." I wondered once again whose benefit the display was for. "See ya."

Gavin pulled me back before I could step off the curb and kissed me lightly on the lips. "I'll see you later."

"Good night," I said, still affected by the kiss. I wondered if he actually planned to stop by, and I wasn't exactly sure how I felt about it.

***

Jake didn't even bother to knock this time, he just used his key. "It's just me, so don't get up."

I looked away from the TV and curled my blanket closer around me. I was wearing a fairly skimpy set of cami and shorts pajamas and definitely wasn't expecting company without a call first.

"You are not leaving until you give me your key. That is not cool."

"I thought you'd be glad to see me." He smiled as he sauntered over and sat next to me on the couch. "What's with the blanket? It's hot out."

"I like snuggling."

He smiled. "I can help you with that if you want."

"As tempting as that offer is, I think I'm going to pass."

"All right, just saying..." He put his feet up on the ottoman and put an arm behind me.

"Make yourself right at home, why don't you?"

"I used to live here, you know."

I rolled my eyes, but I'm sure he didn't notice. "Used to, meaning past tense."

"But I like it here better than my place."

"Take it up with your parents and not me."

"Oh, but I'd rather take it up with you." He grabbed my bag of popcorn and shoved a handful into his mouth.

I shook my head. "You are so annoying."

"You are so beautiful."

"Ok, what do you want?"

"What do you mean?" he asked as if he was actually insulted.

"You obviously want something, what is it?"

"You."

"Get serious."

He leaned in toward me, and if his behavior didn't make it obvious, his breath did. He was drunk.

"I hope you didn't drive home."

"I'm not drunk. And I am being serious. I want you."

"Jake."

"Becca. Just hear me out. The way I see it, we're being really dumb here. We're totally perfect for each other. Why stay just friends?"

"Because we're not attracted to each other."

"You're not even the slightest bit attracted to me?"

I shook my head.

"You really don't find me attractive?"

I tried not to laugh. He looked crestfallen. "I said I wasn't attracted to you, not that you're not attractive."

"How is that different?"

"You want to sleep with every girl you think is pretty?"

"Well, I happen to think you're more than pretty."

"We already established that." I tried scoot out from under his arm, but he just moved closer.

"Let's find out."

"Find out what?"

"What we're like together." The heated look in his eyes let me know exactly what he was suggesting.

"Okay, time to leave." I used my left hand to remove his arm and got off the couch. In the process, I lost the blanket.

His eyes widened. "Nice, very nice."

"Jake, I'm serious. Get out of here."

"You're the one who said I was drunk. Do you really want me driving home?"

"Your parents' house is right out that door. Go sleep there." He was seriously getting on my nerves.

"I know what the problem is."

"What's that?" I replaced the blanket.

"You think I'm just saying these things because I'm drunk."

"I know that's why you're doing it."

"Don't you know that alcohol makes people honest?"

"Yeah, and it also makes people stupid. In what insane universe would I sleep with you?"

"You slept with Gavin."

That was the last straw. I was angry. "Are you kidding me?"

"Whoa, Becca. I didn't mean it that way. I just meant, why him and not me?"

"I was drunk and had a lapse of judgment."

"You really think that's all it was?"

"Yes. No. I don't know. I like him, Jake. Okay? I like him. I might even consider doing it again sometime. There, see you aren't the only crazy one. I'm into Gavin." Wow, saying it aloud actually felt good.

I looked down at Jake and realized he'd fallen asleep. "Great."

I poked at him, trying to wake him up. It was a studio, and there was no way I was sleeping in the same room with him, even if he was passed out. Not after that display. Besides, what would that look like in the morning when Gavin came to pick me up?

I couldn't move him myself, and I figured telling his parents on him was a low blow. I couldn't call Ben, not with the news Molly had delivered. The only one to call was Gavin-at least that's how I rationalized it. I got up the nerve and dialed his number.

"Becca, hey," his deep voice answered. I heard talking in the background, and then it got quieter, so he was probably walking out of the room. "I'm glad you called."

I got right to the point. "I kind of need a favor."

"Sure. What kind of favor?"

"It's a removal."

"Removal of a person or a thing?"

"Person."

"Is this a personal or professional removal?"

I hadn't even thought about Gavin being a cop. Oops. "Personal, definitely personal."

"Are you at home?" His voice was tense.

"Yeah."

"Who's at your place that you need removed?"

"Jake."

"Do I even want to ask?"

"He came over here really drunk and passed out..."

Gavin laughed, but it sounded forced. "Okay, I'll be right there."

"Thanks."

"Not a problem. See you soon."

I hung up and went into the bathroom to change. I couldn't deny a little bit of excitement at seeing Gavin again.

Chapter Twenty

Gavin

I loved making Becca blush. I had a feeling I'd never get tired of it. For such a confident girl, she sure embarrassed easily. I was still having trouble wrapping my head around the idea that she'd given me her virginity. Sure, she was drunk, but she had to have been drunk with guys before. Whatever the reason, I liked it. I liked knowing I was the only one who'd ever had her. The more I got to know her, the more determined I was to keep it that way.

Running into Becca at the convenience store had been a surprise, but the bigger surprise was my reaction. I probably would have done anything in that moment to keep talking to her. I had been right from the beginning: one taste was definitely not enough. I was still thinking about her hours later when I'd just folded my third hand in a row. For some reason, the cards were not happening for me.

"So did the car do the trick?" Greg asked.

"Yeah, it worked."

"Then what the hell are you doing here?"

I laughed. "We've got plans tomorrow."

"Are you talking about Becca?" Ronny asked.

"Yup."

"You're such an ass."

"What? You had your chance."

That got everyone's attention.

"Yeah, I took her out for coffee. God knows what kind of date you got her to agree to."

I shrugged and decided to keep the details to myself.

My phone rang, and I was pleasantly surprised to find Becca on the other end of the line. I didn't like discovering that Jake was at her place, but I did like that she'd called for my help. I really liked that.

"I've got to go," I announced after we hung up.

"You're going to see Becca, aren't you?" Ronny asked.

"Yeah," I said very aware that they'd all be drawing a different conclusion. I cared about her reputation, but I cared more about spreading the word that she was unavailable.

"Don't fuck up this time." Tom took a swig of beer.

"I won't."

"This time?" Ronny asked. I shot Tom a look to keep him quiet. He nodded. I was good.

I headed out and was over at Becca's in two minutes.

"Thanks for coming." She smiled at me when she opened the door. Of course, that was only after I told her it was me. Life in a big city had seriously messed with her sense of safety. I wished I could change that.

"Of course. So, have you tried to wake him up?"

"I did, but he just fell back asleep."

"Do you want to try again, or should I?"

"I'm guessing your method is less kind than mine, but then again, his behavior warrants it."

"His behavior?"

My question was lost when she bent down to where he snored on the couch. "Jake, Jake, it's time to wake up." She shook him.

He opened his eyes, mumbled "come here, Becca," and proceeded to try to pull her onto his lap. I say try because he didn't get far.

"Okay, your method." She took a few steps back to let me in.

I shook him harder. "Jake, wake the hell up. I'm not carrying you home."

"Whatever."

Damn, this was hard. I assumed Becca wanted him out because she didn't want to sleep in the same room with him, which I agreed with wholeheartedly, even if he was passed out.

"I'm guessing you called me because you don't feel comfortable with him here." I was forming a plan, and I needed to know where she stood.

"It's really not a big deal. The biggest worry I had isn't an issue anymore anyway..." She trailed off.

"What issue was that?"

"What you'd think when you came to pick me up and found him here."

She cared about my opinion of her. That was good. Very good.

"I wouldn't have jumped to conclusions." That was a complete lie, but there was no reason to admit what my real reaction would have been.

"But you would have cared, right?" She bit her lip. This nervous habit of hers was dangerous. It just made me want to kiss her.

"Yes, I would have cared. I don't like that he's here at all. I'm glad you called."

She seemed pleased with my response.

I was ready to suggest she come home with me-that would've solved all of our problems- when she threw a wrench in that plan.

"But I still don't want his parents seeing him leave tomorrow. They'd probably throw me out if they thought I was sleeping with their son."

I had to laugh. "What would the Mathews care if you and Jake were involved? The problem is that they'd never let you leave."

"Well, I'd rather not deal with the issue at all. Do you think you can help?"

"Yeah, can I get a glass of water?"

She smiled, figuring out where I was going. "Hold on."

She returned with a large glass. I poured the water over his head, regretful that I had gotten her couch a little wet. "Wake up."

It did the trick. "What the hell?"

"Get up. You're going home."

"What the hell are you doing here? Oh, but at least you're not in uniform this time. That means I'm not actually in trouble."

"This time?" Becca asked. "This has happened before?"

"Long story, Becca."

"All right. So, Gavin is going to take you home. I hope you aren't too hung over tomorrow."

"She meant we're taking you home."

"I did?"

"I said I'd help, not that I'd do it." I smiled at her. Clearly, I was more than capable of getting Jake home, but I definitely wasn't ready to say goodnight to Becca yet.

"Fine. All right, let's go, Jake."

Thankfully, he sobered up enough that he could walk on his own, but there was no way he could drive. I helped him into the back seat, and we headed over to his house.

I unceremoniously dumped him out on his bed while Becca looked on with a slight smile. "You could have been a little gentler."

"And he could have drunk a little less." I sounded more judgmental than I meant to. Really, I didn't care, but I still didn't know what had gone down before she called me.

We walked out to the car, and this time I moved fast enough to get her door. I stayed there while she buckled and decided to get my question answered. "What did you mean when you mentioned Jake's earlier behavior?"

"Oh, don't worry about it." She looked away.

"But I am worrying about it."

"It's not a big deal."

"If it weren't a big deal, you'd tell me and you'd look at me."

She turned toward me. "He was just making drunken suggestions."

"What exactly is a drunken suggestion?" I had a pretty good idea, but I wanted to hear it from her.

"He uh, suggested we see if we 'worked.'" She made quotes with her hands.

"Son of a bitch."

"He was drunk, and he didn't push it."

"But it still upset you." It was plain on her face.

"Yeah."

I closed her door and walked around and got in. "Are you tired, or do you want to hang out?"

"It's got to be after eleven, what's there to do at this hour?"

"I don't know. Want to just come over?"

"Come over? To your place?"

"Uh huh."

I could tell she was mulling it over. I didn't say anything, giving her time to decide. The fact that she was even considering it was good. Man, had I imagined that morning that I'd actually be inviting her over again that night, I'd never have believed it.

She bit her lip again. I made her nervous a lot. "Yes." She nodded as if making a monumental decision.

"All right, good." I started the car and pulled out of the driveway of Jake's rental. As soon as I was back on the road, I reached over and picked up her hand. It was cold despite the warm evening. "Do you think Max will be happy to see me?" She broke the silence. Of all the things to ask about, she'd brought up my dog.

"Yeah, he's a fan of you, all right."

"I've never had a dog, but I think I might get one when I have more time."

"We always had at least two growing up, but Max is the first dog that's actually mine, you know?"

"Yeah, I bet it feels different."

I pulled into my driveway and got out, glad to see that Becca waited long enough for me to help her out. Not only did I like doing it, but I liked having the excuse to hold her close. The fitted t-shirt she wore and those tight jeans did a number on me.

We walked up the steps, and I remembered the last time we'd climbed them together. I'd make sure we had a different ending this time.

"I need to take Max out. You're welcome to come, or you can wait inside."

I wanted her to come. I thought about offering her a drink, but after last time, I wanted the night to be alcohol free. I wasn't sure if it would be awkward just sitting there.

"I'll come." I wondered if she was thinking the same thing.

Max waited by the door, so I put on his leash, and we walked toward the beach.

"Isn't the beach closed this late?"

"Sure, but who's to stop us?"

"I don't know. No one, I guess."

"Exactly." I moved to her right side so I could hold her hand with my free one.

"It's beautiful tonight." She looked up at the sky.

"Definitely is. There's nothing like a full moon over the ocean."

"It almost feels magical."

She looked so happy with a childlike expression of wonder on her face. I wanted to make her feel that way all the time.

"It doesn't have to be almost."

I tugged on her hand to pull her closer and claimed her lips. She responded, arms wrapping around my neck, and mouth opening up to me. I took full advantage and dropped Max's leash so my hands could do what they'd wanted to do all night. I slipped a hand under her t-shirt and bra, loving the small groan it elicited. She was so sensitive to my smallest touch, and I didn't want them to be small anymore.

I forced myself to break the kiss "Ready to go home?"

"Yes," she said breathlessly.

Max waited obediently, so I whisked us home as fast as possible, glad we hadn't made it too far down the beach.

She'd just closed the door behind her when I knew I had to have her. I pushed her back against the door and leaned in. I let my hands and lips wander, pulling off my shirt and then hers, loving what waited for me once I'd unclasped her bra.

"You're not going to tell me to forget, are you?" She looked away from me.

I looked right into her eyes. "No. I'm going to make sure you never forget." I saw her small nod and returned to her amazing body, sliding down her jeans while she undid my belt and pants. I stepped out of them, kicking them to the side.

I raked my eyes over her. She wore nothing but a pair of lacy black panties. I wondered if she'd worn them especially for me. As good as they looked, they were in my way. I took them off, and let my hands and lips continue to wander, shocked when she grabbed me, making quick work of my boxers. Her touch was hesitant at first but then grew more confident.

I had fully planned to take her to my bed, but we never made it that far. I picked her up and placed her on the kitchen table. It was as far as we were going to get. I needed her, and from the look in her eyes, she needed me. The first time had been incredible, but without the effects of alcohol, it was even better.

***

I'd forgotten to close the blinds when we finally went to bed around two a.m. I usually liked waking up to the sunrise, but I didn't know if Becca would appreciate it after the long night we'd shared.

She stirred, likely feeling the light pouring in. She picked her head up from where it lay on my chest, her arm slung across me. She moved around a little, getting a few strands of her hair in my face.

"Mmm, I'm sorry. I should pull it up."

"No. Don't."

"Okay." She got this mischievous look in her eye, and I hoped it meant what I thought it meant.

She climbed on top of me, holding her head back for a moment, probably to feel the sun. The effect had to be the most beautiful thing I'd ever seen-the colors of the sunrise spilling in the window and onto her naked body-her perfect, naked body. In that moment, I knew there was no way I was ever letting Becca go.

Chapter Twenty-One

Becca

Waking up with Gavin was completely different the second time. For starters, it wasn't just once. We were up at dawn when the gorgeous sunrise spilled its rays into the room. We eventually fell back to sleep after and woke up around nine.

"Good morning again," he murmured into my hair. We were completely tangled up together in just the sheet. We'd kicked off his comforter sometime during the night.

"Good morning." I tilted my head so I could look at him. A bright smile on his face let me know he'd enjoyed the night and morning as much as I had.

He smoothed out my hair and kissed me on the forehead. "So, what's the verdict?"

"The verdict?"

"Yeah? Isn't that lawyer-speak for your decision?"

I laughed. "What decision was I supposed to be making again?"

"Will you ever forget last night?"

"No, I think I'll remember every moment." I ran a hand down his chest, still marveling at how comfortable and confident I felt with him.

"I thought that first night was the best, but this surpassed it." He kissed my lips lightly. "It was amazing."

"Mmm," I mumbled as his lips left mine and moved to my neck.

"You are amazing."

"Gavin?"

"Yes?"

"Before you, uh, start anything, I need to go."

"What? You can't go." He sat up on an elbow, face in a state of panic.

"Oh, no, not leave. I mean I need to go." I pointed to the bathroom door.

He relaxed. "Oh, okay, you can do that."

"I need your permission to use the bathroom now?"

"Not all the time, just when you're naked in my bed. I'm kind of picky about when you get to leave then." He tried to keep a straight face, but before long, a playful smile broke through.

Even though he'd obviously seen me naked plenty, I felt funny getting out of bed with him looking. "Could you turn away?"

"Are you serious?"

"Yes."

"No way. You're not allowed to feel self-conscious in front of me. I love your body, and I don't ever want you trying to hide it from me."

Gavin seemed like such a contradiction. Sometimes, he was a real gentleman, others he was really aggressive and determined. I didn't mind it. I liked the combination. I found both sides of him attractive in their own ways.

"You don't feel self-conscious walking around naked in front of me?" I figured I'd make him put his money where his mouth was.

"Not at all."

"Is that so?"

Instead of answering, he pulled back the sheet and got up. I couldn't help staring-there was a lot to stare at.

"Your turn," he said with an amused expression.

My hands went to the scars, but I took a deep breath and pulled off my side of the sheet. "There, I did it."

I'd barely stood up before he had his arms around me. "That wasn't so hard, was it?"

"Nope."

"Good." His lips moved to my neck again, so I shook him off.

"I'm going to the bathroom, remember?"

I didn't give him a chance to respond. I slipped inside his bathroom and closed the door behind me.

I finished quickly and came back out to find him reclining on the bed, fully exposed.

"You're really comfortable in your own skin, aren't you?" I wished I could have even half of that confidence.

"Do I have any reason not to be?"

"Of course not," I said quickly.

"Then come join me."

I walked over and curled up with him again, pulling the sheet back over us because I felt more comfortable that way. "Don't say anything."

"I won't."

"That bathroom is so completely wasted on you, it's ridiculous."

He chuckled. "Why exactly is it wasted?"

"No man living alone needs a soaking tub, a shower to die for, and a double vanity. I mean, come on."

"Well you're welcome to come over and use it whenever you want, but just know you're going to have company."

"Very funny. But seriously, I think I'm in love with your place. It's a loft, you have an amazing bathroom, incredible views of the ocean-is there anything better?"

"I'm glad you like it here. I hope you'll decide to spend a lot of your time here, and I mean a lot."

"I might be persuaded to spend another night or two."

"A night or two? If that's what you're saying, I haven't done my job."

He pulled off the sheet, positioning himself over me.

"You can't be serious."

"Of course I am." He grinned. "We have lost time to make up for." His lips returned to my neck. They seemed to always find their way there.

I had difficulty finding the words I needed. "Lost time? We've only known each other a few weeks."

"That means we have weeks to make up for."

"What about breakfast? I'm pretty hungry."

He laughed. "I'll take you to breakfast. I promise."

***

Gavin was true to his word. We headed hand in hand to breakfast at Surf Song. We were seated at a table right by the open windows, giving us a great view of the water. The beach was crowded. A few volleyball nets were strung up, and a group of girls were already lying out for the day. The surf was calm, and I watched as several kids ran out into the water.

"Well, hello there." Kelly approached our table with Tom right behind her.

"Hey, man." Gavin greeted Tom with a grin.

"Out for a breakfast date, huh?" Tom pulled out the table's two remaining chairs.

"More of a continuation of a date that started last night." Gavin found my hand and squeezed it under the table. Had he really just said that?

As if he'd read my mind, he leaned over and whispered in my ear. "Just so we have it straight, we definitely will not be keeping this between the two of us."

I smiled and met Kelly's wide eyes. "Nice," she mouthed.

"I guess it's a little late to ask, but mind if we join you?" Tom signaled for the waiter.

"No, be our guests."

"What are you guys up to today?" Kelly perused the menu. I already knew I wanted the strawberry French toast again. I was starving.

"I thought we'd take the boat out," Gavin answered for us.

"Cool. It's a nice day for that." Tom picked up his menu.

"Tom, if you guys want to come, it's fine. I'm sure Becca won't mind. You'll keep me well-behaved."

Where was this side of Gavin coming from? It was like when he told Ronny we were together, but worse. Was that really just the night before? So much had happened in less than twenty-four hours.

"No way. We are not crashing your date. We already crashed breakfast. Besides, we'll see you at Molly and Ben's tonight, right?" Kelly asked.

"Oh yeah, I almost forgot about that." I took a sip of water, hoping the waitress would be over soon to take our orders.

"Are they having something tonight?"

"Yeah, Ben's barbequing."

"I don't recall getting an invitation to this shindig, but I'm guessing Becca's unofficially came with a plus one."

"Shindig?" I laughed.

He smiled. "Yeah, you have a problem with my choice of words?"

"God, no. If you are as sensitive about that as you are about your accent, I'm in trouble."

"I don't have an accent."

I groaned. "Please no." There was no way I was going down that road again.

***

I'd never been one for boats. It's not that I didn't like them; it was more of a trust issue. For a girl who loved swimming, it probably didn't make much sense, but I hated the idea of being out on the water. When I tried to explain it to Gavin, he'd laughed. It wasn't a mean laugh, but he pretty much told me I was crazy.

"I promise, we'll be perfectly safe."

"Yeah, that doesn't really change anything."

"My promise doesn't mean anything?" He sounded slightly offended. We were having this conversation through the partially closed door of my bathroom. I still felt weird changing into a swim suit with him watching.

"It's not about your promise. It's about the boat." I walked out of the bathroom, enjoying the expression on Gavin's face.

He'd asked me to wear the red bikini again, but I figured he'd like the yellow one just as much. "Did you hear me?" I teased. His eyes still hadn't moved back up to my face.

"You're really refusing to come out on the boat?"

"No. I didn't say I wouldn't go, just that I was nervous about it."

"Oh." He smiled. "That's different."

"I don't usually let my fears get in the way of living." I wanted the statement to be true, even though it usually wasn't.

"Are you ready?"

I slipped on a white cotton cover up dress and some flip flops. "Sure, let's do this."

He laughed. "Don't make it sound like I'm taking you to your execution."

"For all you know, you are."

He took my hand, pulling me against him. "I'm not."

"You promise?"

"Uh huh." His voice was husky as his lips brushed against my neck. "But we can stay here if you really want."

"Two minutes ago, you were pushing me out the door."

"That was before you came out wearing that bikini." His lips barely left my skin, and he started to slip a hand under my cover up.

I pushed his hand away. He groaned.

"We're leaving." There was no way we were hooking up in the Mathews's pool house. Besides, I'd finally geared myself up for the boat ride. I wasn't backing out.

He reluctantly moved away a little. "You're no fun."

"That's not what you said a few hours ago."

"You were fun a few hours ago..."

"If you keep this up, I'm going to think you're only using me for sex."

He straightened up and practically towed me from the house. "That's ridiculous. Don't ever think that." I could feel tension in him.

He rushed us out to his car and helped me in. "Gavin?"

"Yeah?" He pulled away from the curb and headed toward the dock where he kept his boat.

"I was only joking back there."

"Are you sure? I hope so. I can't help the way I am around you, but I want you for a lot more than that."

"I'll take your word for it."

He put a hand on my leg. "Please do."

We parked at the marina, and he led me over to a small white boat. As we boarded, I tried to swallow my nerves. He squeezed my hand reassuringly. "You're going to be fine."

I took a seat, holding on as Gavin started up the motor.

I closed my eyes as he got ready to steer us out of the marina. "I can do this."

He laughed. "You can open your eyes. I swear it's okay."

We skimmed quickly over the gentle swells, and the breeze off the water felt great with the mid-day heat. He drove us out for a few more minutes before stopping and turning off the engine.

I leaned back on my arms, enjoying the way the sun felt on my skin. If I concentrated on the sun, I could almost forget we were out on the water.

"You're gorgeous."

I looked up. Gavin watched me.

"Thank you."

"I mean it."

"You don't look so bad yourself, you know." What an understatement. I don't think I'd ever get tired of looking at Gavin-especially with his shirt off.

"Tell me something about you that no one else knows." He shifted so that he faced me.

Talk about a conversation change. "Something no one knows?"

"Yeah. I want to know a secret."

A few months ago, it would have been hard to come up with something, but with Mom gone, I now had lots of secrets. I glanced at him. He was still watching me carefully.

"I'm sure you don't want to know any of my secrets."

"Sure I do. I want to know everything about you." He placed a hand on my leg. I loved how he always found a way to touch me.

"Yeah right."

"I do."

There was something so comforting about Gavin. Staring into his eyes for just a few minutes was enough to ease my nerves. In some ways, it felt as if we were in our own little cocoon. After talking to Molly, one secret was really on my mind.

"My parents didn't want me."

"What?" Gavin grabbed my hand. "Why would you say that?"

"You asked for a secret..."

"Okay." He paused as if choosing his words carefully. "Why would you think that? I know your dad left, but you said you were close to your mom..."

"My dad left because my mom wasn't around. I wasn't exactly planned. Mom traveled for work, so my dad had to do a lot at home. He eventually snapped."

"He just packed up and left?"

"No packing. He left for work. He was supposed to be home early to take me to a game. We were playing the Orioles. But he never came back. My babysitter had to call my mom who was in Paris for work."

"Did you ever look for him?"

"Mom said there was no point. Why look for someone who didn't want us?"

"You never got curious?" Gavin moved closer, letting me lay my head in his lap.

"My mom didn't want me to, and I felt like she'd sacrificed enough for me that I could do that for her. He contacted me after she died though."

"How was that?" Gavin played with my hair. I loved how he just asked questions. He didn't go on about how bad he felt or anything.

"Awkward. He showed up at the funeral. I think he still expected to find a little girl. He wanted to reconnect, and he offered me some money. I told him no thanks, I was doing just fine. It just felt wrong, you know?"

"Yeah, I get that."

"Your turn."

"Hmm?" He ran his hand down my arm. I closed my eyes, enjoying the touch.

"Your turn to tell me a secret no one knows."

"I want to coach."

"That's your secret?"

"Yeah. I've never told anyone." He looked down at me.

"Then why don't you? Couldn't you get a job doing it?"

"I could... but I don't think I'm ready to face the game again."

"Oh. Maybe it's worth trying?"

"Maybe one day..." He looked out at the water. "Are you ready to head back?"

"Sure. I think I've had enough sun." I wanted to press him. I wanted to know what held him back, but I was pretty sure I knew the answer, and I wasn't the one to give someone a hard time about confronting fears.

"Same here."

Gavin brought the boat back in, and I realized I hadn't even worried about being out on the water in hours.

Chapter Twenty-Two

Becca

Gavin had an arm around my waist when we walked into Molly and Ben's backyard. We were the last to arrive, which wasn't hard since it was just the usual crowd. Even I was getting used to seeing it that way.

Molly and Kelly's eyes lit up when they saw us walk in, but I had other business to deal with first-Jake.

I nodded toward Jake, letting Gavin know what I was doing.

"Can I come?" Gavin grabbed two beers and opened one before handing it to me.

"Nope."

"But I think it might be entertaining."

"Too bad."

"Fine." He removed his arm. "Do what you have to."

Jake's back was to me, so I tapped him on the shoulder.

He spun around. "Becca-hey."

"Don't hey me. We need to talk."

"Okay..."

I walked toward the dock. Molly seriously had the coolest backyard. Between a large deck, a dock, and a gorgeous view of the water, I could understand why she loved the place so much.

"Listen-I don't remember exactly what I said last night, but I do remember you and Gavin taking me home, so I'm guessing it was bad." He fidgeted.

"Oh, it was bad."

"How bad?"

"You asked me to sleep with you."

"Oh." A slow grin spread across his face. "Is that really so bad?"

"Do you want me to slap you?"

"No. Just kidding. Listen, I'm sorry."

"I can forgive you this once, but just know if it happens again, you'll be in a mess of trouble."

"It won't happen again. I promise." He shoved his hands into his back pockets.

"Good." I hoped he meant it. I liked Jake and valued his friendship. I didn't want him to ruin it. "I will also need your key."

He pulled out his keychain, placing the key to the pool house in my hand before pocketing the rest. "I know you're mad, but care to tell me what's going on with you and Gavin? I thought you guys weren't speaking, but you definitely were both there last night."

"We're seeing each other."

"Seeing each other?"

"Yes." I tried to hold back a smile.

"So it happened again?"

"None of your business."

"What? I get drunk and try to seduce you, and now you won't tell me anything?"

I laughed. Only Jake would say something like that. "You're lucky I'm talking to you."

"You forgave Gavin..."

"Jake..." I grumbled.

"Sorry, sorry. Okay, but I assume that it did happen. Is that a good thing?"

"I think so."

"There is no way you're telling Jake anything before you tell me ever again," Molly arrived with Kelly right behind. "Beat it, Jake."

Jake shoved his hands in his pockets. "Okay, okay. Seriously, you girls are all crazy."

"Crazy, but loveable," Kelly replied.

"I don't know about that," he mumbled before stalking away.

Molly didn't wait long. "So spill, what happened?"

I took a seat, letting my legs dangle over the edge of the dock. Molly and Kelly took seats next to me. "I decided to give him a second chance."

"Obviously...but what changed your mind? What's been going on?" Molly threw a rock in the water. I noticed a whole pile of them next to her. I wondered if she or Ben had collected them.

I reached over Molly and picked up a rock from the pile. "You act like it's been months. Everything happened in the last two days."

"We're waiting." Molly leaned into me.

"I don't really know what changed my mind. I wanted to see if I was just imagining things or if maybe he felt something too. And he was so sweet this week, leaving me gifts and everything. I knew I'd never be satisfied without closure-but now it's definitely not closed."

Kelly grinned. "I take it you had a good time last night?"

"Yes, it was a good night." I was definitely not used to talking about this kind of thing. I tossed the rock out into the water.

"I think it's awesome. You guys look so good together." Kelly was so bubbly it was contagious. I felt myself getting giddy too.

"I think this could be good. You haven't dated anyone in ages." Molly smiled.

"Yeah, who knows? We'll see what happens." I tried to play it off as if I wasn't too concerned, but inside I was a mess of nerves. It was all so new.

Molly peered over her shoulder. "Speaking of Gavin, his eyes are burning a hole in your back right now."

I turned and caught his eye. He broke into a huge smile and gestured for me to come join him.

Molly saw the look of indecision on my face. "Go ahead. Have fun."

I hesitated, wanting to check in with Molly about her own excitement first, but I wasn't sure if Kelly knew.

"Are you doing okay?" I hoped she knew what I was asking.

"Yes, and Kelly knows."

"Oh okay. Good. So how did it go?"

"Great. Ben was ecstatic. He's already going back and forth over whether he wants a boy or girl." She glowed.

"Don't hold out on her. He proceeded to tell her that the gender doesn't actually matter because the baby will be just the first of many," Kelly supplied.

I laughed. "See, I told you he'd react well."

Kelly leaned back on her hands. "I still can't believe she's going to have a baby... so crazy."

"Crazy, but amazing."

I turned. Gavin talked to Tom but still watched me.

"Go." Molly shoved my arm.

"Okay, okay." I got up and walked over to Gavin.

"I've missed you." He pulled me to his side. Tom walked off with a smile.

"Missed me after twenty minutes?"

"I missed you after one."

"What are you going to do when we go back to work on Monday?"

"Go into withdrawal. And in case you weren't aware, we're doing something Monday night."

"Don't I get a say in it?"

"Only if it's the right one." He laughed. "But really, you want to, right?"

"Yeah, I do."

"Good."

After eating some amazing barbeque, we called it a night. I had a new appreciation for what barbeque really meant. Where I was from, it just meant grilling. I had no idea barbeque could mean using a smoker and creating some seriously juicy and delicious meat.

"Are you sure you don't want to stay at my place?" Gavin took my hand as he pulled up in front of the Mathews's house.

"As nice as that sounds, I think I should go home tonight." I wasn't about to push things too much. They were finally going well.

"If you're sure..."

I kissed him on the cheek. "I'll talk to you tomorrow."

"No, you'll see me tomorrow." He kissed me on the lips.

I smiled. "All right. I'll see you tomorrow."

***

When I arrived at work on Monday, I got an awesome surprise. I heard two voices drifting through the front door of the office.

"Hi, you must be Becca." A man with thinning black hair walked out of Matt's office and held out his hand. He was wearing a suit, something I hadn't seen on anyone else since arriving in town. I hadn't even taken mine out of the garment bag.

I accepted his handshake. "Mr. Morgan?"

"Yes, but please call me Jim. It's nice to finally meet you. Matt's been telling me about your work. It sounds like you've been a big help." He glanced down at the file in his hand like he had just remembered he was holding it.

I held back a comment about what Matt had actually been paying attention to. "I'm glad to hear that. I've enjoyed my time here so far."

"Wonderful."

I spent that morning getting to know Mr. Morgan senior, and Matt behaved like a totally different person: very professional, but still nice. The first moment I had alone, I let out a huge sigh of relief.

With Jim in the office, I found myself actually enjoying work. The days flew as I got used to the feel of a small town law firm. I really liked the casual atmosphere and how I wasn't afraid to ask any questions. It was so different from working in Boston. Things got done, but the pace was much slower and relaxed.

I spent my evenings alone with Gavin or hanging out with Molly and Kelly and their husbands. I could tell Gavin loved that he wasn't the single one anymore. Jake tagged along sometimes, but usually he'd just stop by at random times to hang out.

I attempted to keep things from getting too serious too fast with Gavin. He wanted me to stay over all the time, but I kept it to weekends and he respected that, although he always tried to make them long weekends. Occasionally, I gave in on a Thursday night. The truth was that I was falling, and falling hard.

Chapter Twenty-Three

Gavin

Becca and I walked down the beach together toward the Clayton Falls Festival. In the distance, we could already see the glow of the carnival lights.

She stopped short as the crowds came into view. "Is it always this, uh, festive?"

"I wouldn't know. This is the first time they've had it since I've lived here."

"Really? But everyone talks about it like it's the event of the year." Becca looked gorgeous in a pink sundress. Her hair was down, falling in waves around her face. I resisted the urge to reach out and touch it. I didn't think anyone could have hair that soft.

"They cut it for budgetary reasons. It was easier than slashing another department. Clayton Falls was hit really hard with the recession and everything. The big manufacturing plant in town closed down about six years back. "

"Oh... I didn't know. I guess it's good news the festival is back."

"It definitely is." I took Becca's hand, and we walked the remaining distance to the boardwalk.

"I didn't know that there were even this many people living in this town."

"Yeah, I think everyone's out for the occasion, and a lot of people came back to visit."

"I know Molly was disappointed her family didn't."

"It's a pretty big trip from Seattle."

"Even for the event of the year." She smiled.

"Hey, guys." Jake caught up with us.

Becca grinned. "Hey, good, I needed a local for a guide today."

"Should I be insulted by that comment?" I teased. I didn't actually care, but I didn't like her thinking she needed Jake for anything.

"Nope. You should be happy for the guide too."

Glad for Jake's company? Not exactly.

"Do you want the history lesson first?" Jake asked.

"Yes, history first."

I had to smile at Becca's enthusiasm.

Jake cleared his throat as if he was getting ready to give some important speech. "The Clayton Falls Festival started back in 1910. The first Festival was really the wedding of the mayor's daughter, but it was such a hit that they continued it every year after."

"Seriously?"

"Yeah. You're eating this up, aren't you?" Jake laughed.

"Hey, I love history." Becca put a hand on her hip and got all pouty. She was so cute when she did that.

"Admit it, you're a nerd." Molly joined us out of nowhere, Ben in tow.

"Whoah, what's with the tiara?" Becca and I looked at each other, surprised to see Molly with a crown on her head.

"Wait, you didn't know?" Jake grinned. "Your friend here is a beauty queen."

"What?"

"Oh shut up, Jake. It's nothing that serious. I was just Miss Clayton Falls, my year. It's not a big deal." She brushed off the comment, but she looked oddly at home in the tiara.

"No? Tell Ben that. He went around town for weeks bragging about it." Jake pointed to his brother.

"Hey, I was proud of her." Ben smiled, putting an arm around Molly. Evidently, he was still proud. It didn't bother me anymore. I had Becca.

Becca laughed. "Wow, Miss Clayton Falls. Pretty impressive. Were you Homecoming Queen too?"

"No, definitely not. But he was Homecoming King." Molly pointed to Jake.

"You? You were Homecoming King?" Becca asked incredulously.

Jake pretended to be offended. "What? Does that really surprise you that much?"

"Yes, it does actually."

"Yeah, that honor usually goes to the quarterback around here." Ben grinned at Jake.

"Quarterback? How did I not know about your high school glory days, Jake?" Becca laughed.

"You never asked." He grinned. He was definitely enjoying this. "What about you? Were you Homecoming Queen?"

"Not exactly. We didn't even have a homecoming game. I went to an all-girls school." Becca's face wore a far off look. I wondered what memory the conversation had triggered.

"Really?" I guess there was a lot I didn't know about Becca.

"Did you wear a uniform?" Jake asked with a smile. "Like those short skirts and stuff?"

I glared at him.

"We had uniforms, but the skirts weren't that short." Her eyes were playful. She didn't seem to mind his question as much as I did.

"Too bad."

She swatted at his arm playfully. "What about you, Gavin? Any high school secrets you're holding onto?"

"Nothing too exciting. But if we're done reminiscing about high school, are you ready to go on some rides?"

"Rides?" Becca's eyes got big.

"Have you really never been to a fair before? Of course there are rides."

"Naturally, I've been to a fair, but there are really rides here?"

I leaned in to whisper in her ear. "Yes, hon, and I think the Ferris Wheel has our name on it."

"Ferris Wheel?"

I laughed. "Yes, the rides are set up on the other side, over there." I pointed to one of the parking lots.

Molly jumped in. "The games are fun too."

"Games? We have to do those first." Becca literally bounced.

"All right, whatever you want."

Becca and I walked down to the games. I put an arm around her, loving how childlike she looked. She was eating it all up.

"You're going to have to win me one of those."

We'd stopped in front of one of those knock-over-the-bottle games. I checked out the prizes to see what had caught her attention. "You would notice the one Red Sox bear prize in the whole place."

"How'd you know that's the bear I wanted?" She grabbed onto my arm.

"I'd pick the Brave's one myself, but I doubt that would fly with you."

"Nope." She kissed me on the cheek. "Are you going to win it for me or what?"

I laughed and pulled a dollar out of my wallet.

"Here you go, sir." The kid running the booth handed me two red balls the size of baseballs.

The first ball slammed against the back wall of the booth after knocking over all the bottles. I probably shouldn't have used so much force, but I couldn't resist showing off a little.

"She'd like the Red Sox bear."

Becca actually jumped up and down. She was seriously far too cute.

I took the bear from the kid but didn't give it to Becca right away.

She grabbed for it, but I held it away from her. "First, you're going to do something for me."

"What?"

"You need to experience the Festival food first. Eat a funnel cake and cotton candy."

"Both?" She sounded excited at the prospect.

"Yes. Then you get your bear."

"Okay, I like sweets. Which one is first?"

"I guess the cocoa and biscotti obsession should have been a dead giveaway about your sweet tooth."

"You'd think." She took my hand and led me over to the food booths.

She stopped short. "Change of plans. Forget the funnel cake."

I followed her gaze. She'd noticed Gail's stand. "All right. I agree. What should we get?"

"Pecan pie. Definitely Gail's pecan pie."

We waited as a couple in front of us ordered, and then it was our turn. "Hi Gail!" Becca said excitedly.

"Hi, you two. Are you enjoying your first Clayton Falls Fest?"

"Definitely, but it would be even better with a slice of your pecan pie." Becca's eyes were already glued on the display behind Gail.

"Absolutely. You really do love this pie, don't you?"

"I wish I'd known the extent of your sweet tooth," I teased.

"Then you'd have tried to stuff me full, and I can't resist."

"And that would be bad because..."

"You eat everything without gaining a pound. You wouldn't get it."

"Like you have to worry about-"

"Gavin, a word of advice?" Gail handed over Becca's piece of pie.

"Sure, Gail."

"You are never going to win an argument with a woman about weight, so let it go."

"All right. I'll take your word for it."

"Here's your pie, hon. Don't let him get to you. I just have to say, you two make such a nice couple."

I smiled. Gail's compliments were always genuine. "Thanks."

Chapter Twenty-Four

Becca

Still enjoying the lingering taste of pecan pie, I picked at the blue cotton candy Gavin had bought us. We walked down the beach holding hands and watching the stars. I was pretty sure there was nothing as beautiful as a star filled sky on a beach.

"Having a good time?" Gavin asked.

"Definitely." I swung our arms a little, holding back the urge to skip. I honestly couldn't remember the last time I'd had so much fun.

"I love seeing you like this."

"Like what?"

"Like this." He twirled me around, and we danced to the distant music.

"I like feeling like this." I lay down on the sand, loving the light breeze.

He dropped down next to me. "You have the most beautiful smile in the world."

Gavin leaned on his elbow, watching me.

I reached over and ran a hand down his arm. "I love your smile too."

He moved closer, brushing his lips against mine.

"If you could be anywhere in the world right now, where would you be?" I asked.

He played with a strand of my hair. "Here."

"Be serious."

"I am. I like where I'm at."

"Me too."

He smiled, taking my hand in his much larger one. There was something so comforting about the feel of his strong hand around mine. "I love you, Becca."

My heart fluttered when I heard the words, and without even consciously thinking about it, I replied. "I love you too."

His lips returned to mine, but it was more than a brush this time. He pulled me closer, cradling my head in his hand. He deepened the kiss, and if it hadn't been for the sound of the waves lapping at the shore and the distant laughter of fair-goers, I could have forgotten where we were.

We eventually separated and just stared at the stars. "Do you want to go home, or should we go back to the fair?"

"Home sounds good, but I told Molly we'd meet up. Besides, you did promise me a Ferris Wheel ride."

"I did, didn't I?"

Gavin stood and gave me a hand to help me up. "Shall we?"

He linked his arm with mine, and we walked back toward the fair.

"There you are!" Kelly yelled as I waved at her across the crowd. "I've been looking for you."

"Hey."

She pulled me into a hug as soon as I reached her.

"What's going on?"

"Not too much, but you missed the crowning of Miss Clayton Falls. Molly finally handed over her tiara." Kelly ran a hand through her brown hair, trying to smooth out the damage caused by the wind.

"Wait, so she was the last one?" Watching Kelly fix her hair made me suddenly self-conscious of my own. I resisted the urge to pull it back. Gavin seemed to like when I wore it down.

"Yeah. Weird, I know. Where are you guys headed?"

"I was looking for Molly, and then we might head over to the rides." I searched the crowds again, hoping to catch a glance of Molly.

Kelly nodded toward the rides. "Molly's over there now. We'll join you."

I looked over my shoulder and noticed Gavin talking with Tom. Kelly walked over and grabbed Tom's hand, pulling him along. Gavin took my hand. Kelly texted Molly, and she met us over by the Ferris Wheel. Ben and Jake were with her. "I got us all tickets." Molly, dressed like she always was in a jean skirt, beamed. I wasn't sure if it was a pregnancy glow or just because she was happy, but she looked amazing.

I couldn't picture a more perfect end to the evening. Sitting with Gavin, watching the stars and moon reflect out over the water fifty feet in the air was pretty incredible. As rickety as the ride seemed, I didn't mind at all. Gavin put an arm around me, and I leaned into him, inhaling his smell-a mix of aftershave and something else I could never figure out.

We barely talked, just enjoying each other. I loved that we could do that. There was never any pressure to come up with anything to say.

"That was fun, huh?" Kelly asked as soon as we got out of our car.

"Definitely, but I'm exhausted. I think I'm ready to head home." I stole a glance at Gavin.

Gavin squeezed my hand. "Sounds good to me."

Kelly gave me a knowing look, telling me she knew exactly what I was hinting at. "All right, but we need to get together soon. How about we do a girls' night when they play poker next week?"

I thought about it for a second, but I already knew my answer. "Sure, that sounds great."

Molly agreed. "I'm in. Ben can keep himself busy."

"He should join us," Tom suggested.

"You want me to join your poker night?"

"Yeah, and, Jake, you can come too."

Gavin eyed Tom skeptically. I bit my lip to stop myself from laughing. Gavin was not a big fan of the Mathews brothers.

"Sure, why not?" Jake answered quickly.

I would have paid to see that game, but a girls' night with Molly and Kelly sounded pretty good too.

"What are we going to do? Please tell me it won't involve Gill's." I still hadn't warmed up to the local bar.

Kelly laughed. "No Gill's, I promise. We'll think of something good."

"Cool." We said our goodbyes and headed back down the beach to Gavin's place. I liked that he didn't even have to ask me if I wanted to come.

***

Girls' night out turned out to be girls' night in. Kelly blended margaritas, making some virgin ones for Molly at the same time.

"You didn't have to bother making me my own. I could have just had water," Molly said when Kelly handed her a glass.

"What would be the fun in that? At least you can feel like you're having a margarita. Besides, we all know it's the cute glass with the salt that makes it, not the tequila." Kelly took a sip from her drink.

"We do?" Molly arched an eyebrow.

"Yes. And these glasses are cute, aren't they?" Kelly held hers up.

"Very cute," I jumped in. The glasses were pretty cute, with a cool dramatic swirl design on them. "I love the color-it's a cool shade of green."

"Kelly having something green? Shocking." Molly teased. I looked around Kelly's kitchen. Green accents were everywhere.

We took our drinks outside with a bowl of chips and salsa. It was hot out, but I was really starting to get used to the heat.

"I'm still trying to adjust to how quiet it is here." I took a sip of my margarita, enjoying the tartness and the kick.

"It's different from the city, that's for sure." Molly slipped off her flip flops and put her feet up on an empty chair.

"Just make yourself at home, why don't you?" Kelly nudged Molly's arm.

"Oh come on, I'm pregnant. That should count for something."

"You're not pregnant enough to complain about sore feet, that's for sure." Kelly sounded a little short, and I might have been reading way too much into it, but I wondered if there was a note of jealousy.

"Okay..." Molly sat up.

I didn't like the tension and did the first thing I could think of to ease it. "Don't you guys want to grill me about Gavin? That's usually your favorite activity, right?"

Kelly relaxed her shoulders. "I was just thinking about that. Anything you feel like sharing?"

"It's usually your job to pull it out of me. You're pretty good at that."

Molly took a few sips of her drink. "Have you guys talked at all about what you want to do at the end of the summer?"

"Molly, seriously? Do you want to shut her up before she starts?" Kelly shook her head like she was annoyed, but I could tell she was holding back a smile.

"I'm just asking. You guys seemed so close the other night at the festival. I kind of wondered if you'd been talking about making things more serious or something."

"We usually avoid that topic of conversation. I honestly don't know what I want, let alone what he's thinking." I shifted in my chair.

"Isn't it pretty simple? I mean, you have to finish school, so you'll have to do long distance for what, nine or ten months?" Kelly asked.

"We don't have to do long distance if we're not together..."

"Oh come on, Becca. I see the way you look at each other. You can't really think it's just a fling," Molly said gently.

"He told me he loved me." I couldn't contain a smile.

"Ahh, really?" Both Molly and Kelly nearly jumped out of their chairs.

"What did you say back?" Molly asked.

"I told him I loved him too."

"And you're questioning the long distance thing..." Kelly trailed off.

"I don't know. This is all so new to me, you know?"

"Yeah, new, but awesome, right?" Molly took another sip of her drink.

"Awesome is a good word for it."

I stayed over for a few more hours until the guys showed up. I followed Gavin home, anxious to curl up in bed with him. Just talking about the end of the summer upset me, and I needed to lose myself in his touch.

Chapter Twenty-Five

Becca

Gavin and I had fallen into a routine. We saw each other most nights, but Thursdays were always set: take-out and a movie. It was such a nice way to ease into the weekend.

Gavin had to work late one Thursday in July, so I offered to go over and walk Max. I definitely loved having a dog around. I was going to have to get one when I got back to Boston. Max jumped up and down when I walked in and grabbed his leash. Gavin had given me a key so I could get in, but I tried not to read too much into it.

It was seven, but the sun still shone. I snapped on Max's leash, and we headed down to the beach. It was fairly empty at that hour, but I saw a couple of teens still hanging out. I walked down to the water's edge, slipping off my sandals, and rolling up my jeans. Molly laughed at me for wearing jeans in ninety-five degree weather, but it's what I was most comfortable in.

The warm water felt great on my feet, and Max loped happily beside me. I loved the way the sun reflected off the swells. The ocean was calm, but the gentle lapping of the waves was loud enough to create a relaxing sort of mood.

I'd miss my walks on the beach when I went back to Boston. I was going to miss a lot about Clayton Falls. I'd miss the peacefulness, the quiet. Parts of it were boring, but I loved that I wasn't scared to go for a walk on my own. Of course, I knew what I'd miss the most-Gavin.

We reached the end of the beach and turned back around. I stopped for a second to pull my hair up into a bun. Even with the sun setting, it was still hot. I looked forward to getting back into Gavin's nearly arctic apartment. I wasn't quite sure how he paid his cooling bill, but sometimes his insistence on blaring the AC was a good thing.

I got back to Gavin's and let Max off the leash. He collapsed on his pillow by the window. I picked up my purse from where I left it on the island counter top and pulled out my phone, noticing a missed call from a Boston number I didn't recognize.

I dialed into voicemail, hoping it was about my loans.

"Hi, Becca. It's Dad. I looked up your number because I really want to talk to you. I know you said you weren't interested in my help, but I'd love if you'd let me get to know you. I am your father after all."

I hung up, not wanting to listen to the rest of the message. Who was he to come crawling into my life all of a sudden? There had been so many times over the past years when I'd daydreamed about him coming back, when I'd imagined him actually caring, but I wasn't that same daydreaming little girl anymore. He hadn't been there when I needed him, so I didn't need him. Period. If Mom had taught me anything, it was to question a person's motives. People didn't do anything out of the goodness of their hearts. He had to have an ulterior motive.

I was curled on the couch watching the waves through the window when Gavin got home.

"Hey, baby." He kissed me on the forehead. "Just give me a second to change, and I'll be out."

Gavin always seemed so different in uniform. He looked good, but somehow it didn't fit, like he didn't really feel comfortable wearing it. He always changed the first chance he got.

"Okay." I forced a smile. I couldn't stop thinking about my dad. I hated that he thought I was just going to do what he wanted.

Gavin came back out a minute or so later in shorts and a long sleeved t-shirt. He dressed for the interior temperature. "I can't tell you how nice it is to come home and find you here."

"You knew I'd be here."

"Exactly. It made my whole day better knowing I'd find you waiting." He sat down next to me.

"How'd he behave?" He pointed to Max.

"Max was perfect." The dog picked up his head when he heard his name.

"Good. I figured he would be. He's crazy about you."

"Yeah, the feeling's mutual."

"Well, I'm crazy about you too."

I smiled.

"Aren't you going to tell me the feeling's mutual?"

"Who says it is?" I wanted to keep things light. I didn't want to let my anger at my Dad ruin our night, but it was easier said than done. What I needed was to burn off energy. I needed to go home and swim.

"Oh it is." He pushed me down on the couch, following after so he hovered above me. "You know it is."

"Gavin, don't. I have to go." The more I thought about it, the better swimming some laps sounded. "But I'll be back later."

"Nuh uh, I just got home. You're not going anywhere." His lips went to my ear and down my neck. It felt good, but I needed to leave. There was no way I was going to make it all night holding in the anger.

I tried to turn my neck away from him, but he just turned it toward him again. "I've been waiting all day for you."

"I have to go."

"No, you don't. I'm not done with you." Those words-I hadn't heard them in so long but it all came back to me. I hadn't had a flashback in years. Images flooded my mind, like a terrifying movie.

I pushed against him. "Let me go." The tears started to flood my face.

He moved off me, letting me sit up. "Becca? What's going on?"

I pulled down my shirt from where it was riding up and walked to find my shoes. I felt his arms come around me from behind. "Becca, did I do something? Did that upset you? I was just playing around."

I turned to look at him, well aware that my face was a swollen mess of tears.

"It's not your fault, but I have to go."

"No. You need to tell me what's going on. I'm not letting you leave until we talk this out."

"Who are you to stop me?" I challenged.

"Your boyfriend."

Hearing those words and the conviction he used when he said them stopped me in my tracks. He deserved the truth even if I didn't want to share it.

"I don't want to ruin this." I gestured at the space between us.

"Ruin what?" He took my hand and led me back to the couch, where I crumpled into a ball in his arms. I felt so safe there, like nothing in the world could ever hurt me again.

"Us."

"Nothing's going to ruin us. You can tell me anything." His kind eyes pleaded with me.

"It's going to change things." The thought made my stomach churn. I wanted everything to stay exactly the way it was-perfect.

"I doubt it, but if you're right, then so be it. I need to know what's wrong."

I took a deep breath and let it out slowly. "I wasn't actually a virgin." I was too afraid to even look up at him.

"Okay." When I didn't say anything right away, he continued. "That's not what you're upset about, is it? That I'd be mad? Because I liked thinking I was the only one, but it doesn't matter-"

I cut him off. "No. That's not it." I made myself look at him. "I'll show you." I pulled off my shirt, and watched the look of confusion cross his face. I pulled down my bra to show him the marks he'd obviously noticed but had been kind enough to never bring up.

"Who did that to you?" He pulled me back into his arms. "Who hurt you, Becca?"

I glanced down at the scars. They had faded over the years, but the two lines were still pink and raised. I ran a finger over one. I still hated to touch them. "It was senior year of high school. Mom was away, and I was sleeping. The police said he'd probably been following me for a while, waiting for the chance." I paused, trying to build up the strength to continue. I hadn't shared this with anyone since it happened.

I felt Gavin's arms tighten around me. "I woke up when he pulled down my blankets. I could barely see him in the darkness, but his voice chilled me when he asked me if I'd been waiting for him. I tried to fight him, but he was so much stronger. He got my pajamas off and his pants before pinning my arms above me so he could tie them to the headboard. Before he actually did it, he turned on my lamp and made those marks, saying they'd help me remember him."

I choked down sobs. "The cuts hurt, but it was nothing compared to how much it hurt when he took me. He definitely tried to make it painful, like he was trying to punish me."

"Oh god, Becca." Gavin squeezed my hands.

"I struggled after, and he told me to stop because he wasn't done with me. Then he did it again." I paused to regain a semblance of composure. "So now you know." I pulled away and reached for my t-shirt, but Gavin stopped me by taking my hands in his again.

"I am so sorry you had to go through that." The compassion on his face was obvious, but I also knew he'd never look at me the same way again. Now I was the victim, nothing more.

"It's the past." I remembered how he said the same thing about his injury.

"I need to kill that son of a bitch."

I didn't doubt his statement. Underneath the compassion lurked a lot of anger.

"Listen, I'll make it easy on you." I gathered my courage.

"What?" He looked startled.

"I know this changes things. Don't worry, I understand. It's been fun." I reached again for my shirt.

"Are you trying to break up with me?"

"So you don't have to."

He put a hand under my chin and made me look at him. "Yes, this changes things. I now know I need to be more careful, but it doesn't change how I feel." He released my chin and pulled me in for a hug.

"More careful? See, that ruins everything."

"How? How does that ruin anything?"

"I don't want you pitying me, afraid to hurt me."

"I don't pity you. I just don't want to give you another flashback. That's what happened, isn't it?"

I nodded. "I think I should tell you the rest. You should hear it all." I was tired of half-truths. I wanted it all out.

"Okay."

"They caught the guy from the description I gave, but they didn't have enough evidence to convict him. He'd been nice enough to use a condom both times."

Gavin nodded, so I continued, but I felt his body tense.

"That was when I decided to become a prosecutor. I wanted to spend my life putting those kinds of people behind bars."

Chapter Twenty-Six

Gavin

I could have killed. I tend to think of myself as a fairly calm guy, but hearing that some low life had done something so horrible to the girl I loved made me sick. I tried to push away the anger and focus on what was most important: taking care of Becca. So much more made sense now: her drive to work in the D.A.'s office, her fears. It was like someone had finally turned on a light.

"I'm going to make sure you feel safe from now on. You know that right?"

"This doesn't involve you. It's been years, and I've dealt with it on my own the whole time."

"Of course it involves me." I tried to keep my voice calm. I didn't want to scare her, but I didn't like her trying to push me away.

"Why? You can't go around trying to protect everyone."

"In what alternative universe are you in the same category as everyone? You're my girlfriend. A man is supposed to protect his girlfriend."

She got a wistful expression. "You still want to call me that?"

"What?" I pulled her onto my lap. "I keep telling you nothing's changed. I don't know how to make you see that."

"You say it, but do you mean it? If you're going to dump me or treat me differently, just get it over with." She clutched a couch cushion as if her life depended on it.

"Okay, how do I show you that I mean it?"

She scrambled off my lap. I reluctantly let her go.

She stood up and unbuttoned her jeans, slowly sliding them off. "If nothing's changed, prove it."

Was she really saying what I thought she was? She wanted me to prove nothing had changed by having sex with her?

"I don't want you treating me differently. I don't want you to treat me like I'm broken, or delicate, or anything like that. Either you show me that nothing's changed between us, and you can still be with me in the same way, or I leave right now, and I'm not coming back. You're right, Gavin. I am crazy about you, but I only want to be with you if things really are the same. I refuse to just be the girl you feel bad for."

I looked at her, taking in the beautiful woman in front of me. She was crazy if she thought anything would ever make me want her less-could make me need her less.

"That's a challenge I more than willingly accept." I pulled off my shirt, wanting her hands on me nearly as badly as I needed mine on her. I stood up and kissed her hard on the mouth, pulling away without warning.

"I want you, Becca." I had her bra off in seconds, running my fingers over the scars I'd so carefully avoided before. "All of you."

I lowered my head, letting my mouth run over the same spot. "Every inch of you."

She moaned, which just turned me on more. "I'm not borrowing you. I'm not returning you. You're mine now, and that's never, ever going to change." I pulled down her panties slowly. "Do you understand?"

She nodded before moving to undress me.

***

It was nine thirty at night before we ate dinner. We finally got out of bed long enough to make a frozen pepperoni pizza. She sat with her legs curled up under her, wearing one of my t-shirts. I loved seeing her dressed that way. She looked so right in it. So mine. Sometimes it was hard to believe this amazing woman was actually my girl, and considering how disastrously the evening had started, I was feeling very grateful to have her snuggled up next to me.

She ate three slices of pizza. The only time she ever ate a lot was after sex-as though I needed to find another benefit of sex with Becca.

"Do you have everything you need for work with you?"

"Yeah, I have an outfit."

"Okay, good. Otherwise, we were running by your place to pick something up. I need you tonight."

"You need me? I think it's the other way around."

"No, definitely not."

"Let's just say we both need each other tonight..."

"I'll take that."

We were just cleaning the dishes when my phone rang. "It's my Mom."

"Get it," Becca insisted.

"You sure?"

"Yeah, before you miss it!"

I went for it, but of course it had already gone to voicemail.

"Call her back. I want to take a shower anyway."

"Am I invited?" I wrapped my arms around her waist pulling her against me.

"No, you're going to call your mom."

"Fine... but you might be taking two showers tonight."

"Gavin." She moved out of my arms.

"Okay, okay." Before she could walk away, I pulled her close again so I could kiss her. "Have a nice shower."

"I always do over here."

"You know what? I don't even care if you're using me for my bathroom, as long as you keep coming over."

"Good." She glanced back to give me a flirtatious look. And she expected me to call my mom?

I stepped outside on the balcony, letting the fresh air clear my head before I called.

"Gavin? Finally. I haven't heard from you in ages." It had only been a few weeks, but she was the kind of mom who wanted me to call daily.

"Hi, Ma. Sorry, I've been pretty busy."

"Too busy to call your mother?"

"Well, if you knew Becca, you'd understand." I braced myself for the reaction I knew was coming.

"Becca? You met someone? How long have you been seeing her? How'd you meet? What's she like?" The questions spilled out.

I laughed. "We've been dating for about two months."

"What? You've been dating a girl for two months, and I'm only hearing about it now?"

"I wanted to make sure before I told you."

"Make sure of what?" I could hear the hope in her voice.

"That she's the one. I didn't want to get your hopes up for no reason."

I had to pull the phone away from the screaming. You would have thought I was a bachelor at fifty for the way she reacted. "When are you bringing her home?"

"I thought about inviting her to your anniversary party..."

"Perfect, that's only a few weeks away! But continue. I want to know everything."

"Okay, but I don't have too long."

"Is she there?"

"She likes my shower better than hers."

"I am going to pretend I believe that."

I laughed. "Okay, so what were those other questions again?" I leaned my back against the railing.

"How'd you meet her? Is she new in town?"

"She's in town working at my friend Matt's law firm this summer."

"Is she an attorney?"

"A law student in Boston."

"What brought her to Clayton Falls?"

"Her best friend's from here. Remember that girl I liked last summer?"

"Molly, right?"

"Yeah. See, that's why I didn't tell you about Becca right away. I didn't want to give you another name for no reason."

"So, Becca is Molly's friend."

"Yeah."

"How many more years of school does she have?"

"Just one."

"That's wonderful. Then you two are free to move anywhere after she graduates, even back home. Although I'm sure her mother will want you to move there."

"Her mom actually passed away recently. She's all alone now. But that's beside the point. You're getting way ahead of yourself."

"But you said you think she's the one. You've never said that."

I heard some serious squealing in the background. "Amanda's home?"

"We had the kids tonight. She just got in to pick them up."

"I take it she overheard you."

"Gavin? Who is she?" My sister had grabbed the phone and was clearly overjoyed by the news.

"Hey, Manda, her name is Becca, and she's probably going to start wondering where I am, so I can't talk long."

"Oooh, she's over then?"

"Yes."

"When are you bringing her home?"

"Hopefully for Mom and Dad's party."

"Why only hopefully?"

"I haven't actually invited her yet."

"I'm sure she'll be excited. I can't wait to meet her. Go have fun."

"I will. Tell Mom goodbye for me."

"Can do."

I hung up and walked back inside, glad to hear the water running. Becca liked long showers-it looked like I'd get to join her after all.

Chapter Twenty-Seven

Becca

"You want me to come home with you?" I tried to wrap my head around the words coming out of Gavin's mouth. I stopped short about a quarter of the way down the beach.

"Yeah, it's their forty-fifth anniversary, and they decided it was the year to celebrate. We can go after work on Friday and come back Sunday."

"Is this because you feel bad leaving me? Because it's okay. I don't mind spending the weekend alone. Things are normal with Jake again, so I'm sure we'll hang out." Molly and Ben were flying out to see her family in Seattle. I had a feeling they were going to share the baby news.

"And that's supposed to convince me you should stay?" His expression was serious, but there was a playfulness to it that let me know he wasn't really worried.

I laughed. "Please don't start in on Jake again."

"I won't. But you'll come with me, right?"

"I don't know, Gavin. Doesn't it seem a little early for this sort of thing? We haven't even known each other that long." Things were moving fast-almost too fast.

"It's just a weekend. Two nights. I want you to meet my family, and that's going to be hard to do once you go back to Boston."

He always talked like it was assumed things would work with me going back, but I wasn't so sure. I had no experience with relationships, let alone long distance ones. It wasn't going to be easy.

"Please." He stopped walking, and took my hand. "Please."

That puppy dog face was impossible to say 'no' to. "If you really want me to..."

"Really? That's awesome. Everyone's going to be so excited." He pulled me against him, kissing me gently.

Talking about meeting his family made me a little tense. "Are you okay?"

I suddenly felt vulnerable, and my mother's words flowed through my head. "You can never trust anyone but yourself." I couldn't do it-I couldn't take such a big step forward. "I don't think I can go with you. I'm sorry."

"Nuh uh. No backing out now. It's going to be fun."

"You can't be sure of that." I started to panic.

"Yes, I can." He still hadn't dropped his arms.

"Okay, how about we drive separately? That way if your family hates me, I can leave."

"What?" He laughed deep in his chest. "Please tell me that's a joke."

"No... It's only a five hour drive. I don't mind doing it myself."

He dropped Max's leash. "Becca, we're not driving separately, and my family is going to love you. I have a better idea."

"What?"

"How about you agree to come for one night, and if you really want to leave, we can come back late Saturday after the party? Otherwise, we'll stay until Sunday."

I knew I was making an important decision. Telling Gavin 'no' would ring a death knell for our relationship. I'd be telling him I wasn't serious enough, and I'd lose him. But going meant I was opening myself up to being hurt even more. It was with some surprise that I found myself nodding. "Okay, it's a deal."

"Good." He kissed my forehead. "Ready to head home?"

He always said stuff like that-referring to his place as home, as if it were mine too. I wondered if he knew that part of me wished it were. It wasn't going to be easy leaving him at the end of the summer. I'd miss him, and I'd miss how incredibly safe and comfortable I always felt in his arms. Just being at his side allowed me to live so much more. I wasn't looking over my shoulder. I wasn't worried about anything or anyone hurting me.

"Sure. Let's go."

***

"Becca, we're almost there." Gavin nudged me, speaking softly.

I yawned and stretched. "Wow, I was out a while, huh?"

He laughed. "Yeah, but that's okay. The way you tossed and turned last night, I doubt you got much sleep."

"No. I was pretty nervous."

"I figured, but there's nothing to be nervous about."

"That's easy for you to say." I tried to get out a crick in my neck. Sleeping in the car wasn't always the best idea. "I know you didn't want to do this, but I'm glad you agreed to come. It's important to me."

"You've made that clear."

He reached over and took my hand. "We're doing this together. I'm not going to dump you at my house and run or anything, I promise. I'll be with you the whole time."

I forced a smile. "Okay, let's do this."

Gavin pulled into a long driveway in front of a large, white, colonial style house. "This is it. Home sweet home."

I unbuckled my seatbelt, but was still sitting there when Gavin came around and opened my door. He'd already pulled our stuff out of the back. "You're not going to stay in the car all night, are you?"

"They're here!" A woman's voice broke through the quiet night. Gavin helped me down, and I grabbed my purse before he could close the door.

"Hi, Ma." Lit only by a few outside lights, it was hard to get a great look at the woman in front of me, but I did notice the way Gavin hugged her. He definitely loved his mom.

"And this must be Becca." She stepped in to the light and smiled warmly, pulling me into a hug as well. "It's so nice to have you here."

"Thanks for having me, Mrs. Powell." I was so not used to this. I'm sure my nerves showed.

"It's Annie. Just Annie."

I smiled. I was too nervous to know what to say. I pulled my bag out of Gavin's hand.

"I'll help you with that." A man as tall as Gavin came out of the house and took my bag.

"Hey, Dad." They exchanged a hug.

"Dad, this is Becca."

"Hi, Becca, it's so nice to finally meet you." He reached out a hand. "I'm Todd."

"It's nice to meet you too." I smiled politely. I felt Gavin's strong hand on my back offering comfort.

"Let's go inside, shall we?" Annie suggested.

"Great idea." Gavin kept his hand on my back as I followed his mother up the front steps.

We walked into the large foyer, and my eyes went immediately to the family portraits lining the walls. I knew Gavin had a big family, but it was different to see it. Four kids-so different from how I grew up.

"I set Becca up in Brody's room. That way she'll be right next to you."

"Isn't he coming home?" Gavin sounded pretty disappointed as he asked about his youngest brother. I'd grilled Gavin about the entire family.

"No, he's staying up at UGA for the rest of the summer."

"Oh. Well, hopefully I'll make it up there for a visit soon."

Annie touched Gavin's arm affectionately. She used her other hand to brush some of her curly brown hair off her shoulder. "Why don't you two get settled, and then maybe we can all talk and catch up a bit before bed. I told Amanda and David to wait until tomorrow to come by. I didn't want to overwhelm Becca on her first night." I appreciated the thoughtfulness. It was already ten o'clock, and I was exhausted.

"All right." Gavin picked up both of our bags and headed up two flights of stairs. At the top of the second flight was a small hallway and two doors.

Gavin opened up the door on the right. "Here's Brody's room where you're technically staying."

"Technically?"

He dropped our luggage in the hallway. "Mom didn't want to outright put us in a room together, but she wanted to give us privacy."

"If they don't want us sharing a room, we're not sharing a room." I picked up my bag and moved into Brody's bedroom. Pushed up against the back wall was a double bed with a red checkered comforter.

"Seriously?" Gavin stood in the doorway. "They really don't care."

"Yeah, seriously." What if his mom came upstairs? I wasn't dealing with that.

"You actually care what my mom thinks, don't you?" He smiled. "I'm glad, so I'm not going to argue even though it's going to be hard to sleep in the next room. These rooms share a bathroom." He opened a door across from the bed.

"Oh, cool."

"If you change your mind later, you can come join me anytime." He grinned before knocking me down on the bed and hovering over me. "Or maybe I'll just come visit you."

As his lips found my neck, I knew I had to push him off. "Gavin, your parents are waiting downstairs."

"Okay, okay." He moved off me, taking my hand to help me up.

"I just need to use the bathroom real quick."

"Sure, do you want me to wait, or should I meet you down there?" He ran a hand through his hair.

"You can go ahead. I'll find my way."

"All right." He kissed my cheek before walking out.

I used the bathroom quickly and tied back my hair. Obviously, his parents had already seen me, but I wanted to at least make myself look a little bit more presentable.

I climbed back down the stairs and followed the voices into a cozy den. Gavin was eating a sandwich-no surprise there.

"Would you like something to eat?" Annie offered me a plate with several sandwiches.

"No, thank you, we ate dinner on the road." I glanced at Gavin as I said it.

"What? We ate hours ago."

I smiled. "I know."

Annie set down the plate. "Gavin told us you're about to start your last year of law school."

"Yeah, I'm definitely ready to be done."

"Do you know what kind of law you want to practice?" She crossed her legs, settling into an arm chair.

"I want to do criminal, ideally as a prosecutor, but we'll see."

"I'd be so intimidated to do criminal law. It's got to be so much pressure." Annie studied my face. For the first time that evening, I felt like I was being assessed.

"There is, but it's important to me." I tried not to dwell on the fact that I still had no idea where I was going to work after graduation.

"You two are going to make quite the crime fighting duo, aren't you?" Gavin's dad chuckled.

"I guess I never even thought about that." I yawned, covering my mouth just in time.

Gavin gently squeezed my shoulder. I could barely keep my eyes open.

"You can go on to bed if you want, Becca. I know it's late. I'm sorry we kept you up, but we're just so excited to have you here. Gavin's never brought anyone home before," Annie said quietly.

"Oh, I don't mind. It's been nice to talk, but I think I'm going to turn in."

"All right, I'll be up in a little bit," Gavin said.

"I'll see you in the morning," I said pointedly, wanting to make sure his parents knew we were sleeping in separate rooms. "Good night, everyone."

"Good night, Becca," Annie said warmly.

"Good night." Todd waved.

I changed into a comfortable set of short and cami pjs and washed up. I slid into bed, hesitant to turn off the lamp. I contemplated leaving it on, but I knew if Gavin saw it on and came in, he'd probably stay, and I really wasn't going to do that in his parents' house.

"I can do this," I told myself. I turned off the light, and it terrified me at first. I picked up my cell phone a few times to get the illumination, but then I heard Gavin come upstairs. Somehow, just knowing he was next door helped. I heard water run in the bathroom and then the door to my room opened. I knew he was coming in to check on me.

"Good night," he whispered, kissing my head. The door closed quietly as he left the room. Eventually, I must have drifted off to sleep.

***

I woke up with a start as bright light burned my eyes. The scream caught in my throat as a large man walked toward the bed.

"If coming home means finding a beautiful girl in my bed, I'm doing it more often."

I pulled the sheet up higher as I tried to wake up enough to realize what was happening. "Are you Brody?" There was no other explanation, and he definitely looked like his picture.

"Yes," he said in an amused voice. "And you are?"

"Becca. I'm, uh, Gavin's girlfriend."

"It's nice to meet you, Becca, but is there any reason you're not in his room?"

"Because he's in there..."

"You did say you're his girlfriend...oh, you're one of those." He nodded as if everything suddenly made sense.

"Excuse me?"

"I mean, it's cool. I've known plenty of wait till marriage girls."

"Oh no. That's not it." I don't know why I was so quick to correct him. Maybe because I finally could. "I just felt weird in your parents' house."

"Oh." A slow grin spread across his face. "Okay, good because I don't know how my brother could keep his hands off you otherwise."

I'm sure I turned beet red. "But I'll obviously get out of your bed. Your mom said you weren't coming."

"I decided to surprise her. But don't worry about it. I'll go crash downstairs."

"No, this is your room." I got out of bed, putting the pile of clothes I'd worn that day back in my bag so I could move it all out.

"Seriously, Becca. I don't mind. Usually I'd be mad for getting booted from my room, but I can make an exception for you."

"Brody?" Gavin walked back in through the bathroom. He was wearing nothing but boxers-the most clothing he ever wore to bed.

"Hey, man. I've just been getting to know your girlfriend here."

A panicked look crossed his face, and I realized Gavin was worried about how I was taking all of this. Having a strange guy walk into the room where I was sleeping would naturally mess with me.

"I'm fine." I smiled to reassure him. It was a testament to how incredibly safe I felt with Gavin that I hadn't freaked out more.

Brody looked between the two of us, probably trying to figure out what I meant.

"I want to catch up, but it's late. I was just telling Becca I'll go downstairs."

"No way. Becca will just come sleep with me." I didn't fail to notice the self-satisfied grin on his face. "I was going to come over and get her anyway."

Brody laughed. "I can't say I blame you."

Gavin bent down and picked up my newly repacked bag. "Ready?"

"Sure." I was too exhausted to argue. Besides, I didn't really want to search out another place to sleep.

I followed Gavin back through the bathroom and into his room. It was a mirror image of Brody's room, except his bed had a blue comforter. He also had a whole line-up of trophies on the top of his dresser. I knew without looking closely that they were all for baseball.

Gavin pulled back the comforter on my side of the bed, and I slipped in. A moment later, he turned off the lamp and pulled me into his arms. "So much better. Now you're where you belong."

I snuggled into him, laying my head on his chest. "I happen to like this place."

"Good, because you're going to be spending a lot of time here." I knew he wasn't talking about his childhood bedroom.

Somehow, in the dark, his lips found mine.

I pulled away. "Gavin?"

"Hmm."

"We're in your parents' house."

"In other words, don't get too excited?"

"Exactly."

"Fine. I'll be good. I just need you in my arms." I knew what he meant. I'd become so used to spending nights together that I didn't know what was going to happen when I left. I tried to shake away the thought. There was no point dwelling on it yet.

"Good night," I said quietly before snuggling into him again and drifting off to sleep.

Chapter Twenty-Eight

Gavin

Becca was right where she belonged: wrapped in my arms. It was crazy how quickly I got used to having her sleep next to me. I felt like there was something missing whenever she made me sleep alone, which was still a couple times a week. I let it go, sensing it wasn't something she wanted to budge on.

There was something really comforting about having Becca in my childhood home, especially in my childhood bed. It felt as if we were cementing our relationship or something. She'd been really nervous about coming back with me, but I hoped she'd relax and have a good time.

She tensed in my arms, so I pulled her in tighter. I had a feeling some of her unrest came from having my little brother barging in on her like that. She'd looked fine by the time I got there, but I'm sure it brought back unwanted memories.

She seemed to get along with Brody. I couldn't believe it when I walked into the room and saw him standing there with her. I'm sure she was terrified. I was mad at myself for not waking up sooner.

Becca relaxed again, and a few minutes later she mumbled my name. I'm sure I had a ridiculous grin on my face. I loved that she dreamed about me. I definitely dreamed about her. I needed to sleep, but I was still too amped up. I thought over the conversation I'd had with my parents after Becca went to bed.

***

"She's lovely." Mom moved from an armchair to take a seat in the spot on the couch Becca had just vacated.

"Isn't she?"

"She's definitely a beauty." That was actually a lot coming from Dad. He didn't talk much. "And she seems sweet."

"But there's a sadness in her too. How long ago did you say she lost her mother?" Mom asked.

"She died this winter."

"And her father's not in the picture?"

"No. He left when she was just a kid." I decided to leave out his recent reappearance.

"Well, I can see why you've fallen for her. I like you together. You complement each other." I knew my Mom meant it. If she didn't like Becca, I'd know.

"Now the question is: what are you going to do to make sure you keep her?" Mom shifted so she could look right at me.

"You mean with her going back to Boston?" I hated to even think about it.

"Yes. What are you going to do?" she repeated her question.

"I'm not sure yet, but we'll make it work. I'm not letting go."

"Good for you. Don't be afraid to take a chance. I know you've been hurt, but that doesn't mean you should be afraid." Mom looked at Dad for agreement.

Dad gave it. "If the girl's as special to you as I think she is, she's worth the risk."

"I'm not afraid. I brought her home, didn't I?" I was tired of everyone acting like I wasn't over Dawn. I'd been over her from the moment she'd left. I just didn't feel like being some girl's doormat ever again.

"That you did." Mom patted my leg before standing up. "It's late. I think we should all head on up to bed."

"Sounds good. Goodnight." I hugged Mom and waved goodbye to Dad. I was disappointed to discover that Becca really wasn't sleeping in my bed. At least it all worked out in the end.

***

Becca mumbled again, curling up in my arms. I closed my eyes and just enjoyed her closeness. Finally, I calmed down enough to sleep.

***

Becca wasn't in bed when I woke up. I patted her empty side of the mattress, disappointed when I just touched air. I threw on some clothes and ran into Brody on the way down the stairs.

"Sleep well?" he asked with a smirk.

"Very well."

"I bet."

"Nice job scaring my girlfriend." It wasn't his fault, but that didn't mean I was supposed to be happy about it.

"How the hell was I supposed to know she was in my bed?" He grinned.

"Okay, don't say it like that again." I didn't need to think about Becca in anyone's bed but my own.

He laughed. "You do seem to always get the gorgeous ones, man."

"It's definitely true this time. Becca's perfection."

"Perfection? How far gone are you?"

"Far."

I heard Becca and my mom laughing from the back porch, so I poured myself a cup of black coffee and headed out.

"Good morning." I kissed Becca on the cheek and took a seat next to her on the porch swing. She had her bare feet tucked up under her. I loved how comfortable she seemed.

"Morning." She rested her head on my shoulder. "It's about time you got up."

"You could have told me you were going down."

"You looked so peaceful."

I reflected for a second on how nonchalant she was about us sleeping together. She'd certainly changed her tune.

"Where's that brother of yours?" Mom interrupted.

"I'm right here." Brody walked out, taking a bite out of a strawberry Pop Tart. He was still such a kid sometimes.

"I'd yell at you for slinking in like that last night, but I'm just so glad you made it." Mom got up and gave Brody a huge hug. He had to bend down for it. "How long have you been up?" I sipped my coffee, still getting used to seeing Becca on my porch.

"Not too long. Maybe an hour."

"An hour? What have you been doing?"

She shrugged. "Just talking to your mom. I've definitely heard some good stories about you as a kid."

I groaned. "Oh, no."

Mom put her empty coffee cup on the side table. "Stop it. We were just getting to know each other better. It was pleasant getting to talk without any interruptions."

"I bet." I shifted my coffee into my left hand so I could put my arm around Becca. "What's the plan for today, boss?" Mom always hated it when I called her that, but it was true. She ran things at the Powell house.

"The party is at seven, so I'll need you all ready by six thirty. Otherwise, the day is open. I think the rest of the crew will be over in an hour or so."

"The crew? That's what you call your children now?" I teased.

"Now that I've got five grandchildren thrown in the mix, it's an appropriate term." She beamed, letting us know just how proud she was.

I still had to tease her. "Are you complaining?"

"No, you know I'm ready for more." She looked at me when she said it. Brody was only twenty-two. He still had a few years before she got on his case about it. According to my family, twenty-seven was ancient.

"I think I might go take a shower." Becca sat forward, upsetting my arm.

"Okay, I think you'll find everything you need in your bathroom." Mom snapped into hostess mode.

"I'm sure. Thanks." Becca headed inside with a small wave. She seemed really nervous again.

"This is a lot for her to take in, huh?" That was a surprisingly perceptive comment coming from Brody.

"She's an only child of a single mom, so yeah, a big family is a bit of a foreign concept, but she'll be fine." I finished my coffee, setting down the empty mug on the swing beside me.

"Fine with Amanda, David, and everyone, or fine when fifty guests arrive later?" Brody polished off his second Pop Tart.

"Both. I'll just make sure not to leave her alone too much."

Mom scowled. "She won't appreciate being baby-sat. Give her any space she needs. She'll be okay."

I waited about a half hour before heading upstairs. Becca sat on the bed blow drying her hair. I was surprised. She rarely took the time to do that. I guess she was trying to look nice for the party. She needn't have worried. She always looked amazing.

She hadn't heard me enter over the noise of the blow dryer, so I snuck up on her.

"Arrgh." She jumped off the bed, flinging the blow dryer in the process. "Was that necessary?"

"Absolutely." I knew I hadn't really scared her, and I brushed some nearly dried hair away from her face.

"Are you going to shower?" She retrieved the dryer, probably getting ready to turn it back on.

"That's the plan."

"Okay, I'll wait here."

"You don't have to..." I wasn't sure if she was suggesting it for me or for her.

"I want to. I need to go over some things with you." She sounded serious, but she didn't seem upset, so I figured it couldn't be too big of a deal.

"All right. Be out in a sec."

I took a fast shower. I didn't want to leave her waiting too long. When I came out to get dressed, she lounged on my bed and stared out the window.

"How are you doing?"

She looked toward me with a slow smile spreading across her lips. "You look too good like that."

"Like what?" I feigned innocence as I stood with a towel wrapped around my waist.

"If we weren't in your parents' house..."

"You won't be able to use that excuse come Sunday."

"I know." She looked away. She always looked away when I changed, like she wanted to give me privacy or something. I, on the other hand, watched her like a hawk. I couldn't get enough of seeing her body.

"I'm decent."

She sat up and crossed her legs. "Okay, so I need to make sure I have this. Amanda is married to Mark, and their kids are Carrie and Andrew. Your brother David is married to Debbie, and they have Jason, Melanie, and Karen?"

I laughed. "Yup, good memory."

She took a deep breath. "Okay, I can do this."

I took a seat next to her on the bed. "It's not that big of a deal. Relax."

"Not that big of a deal? You drag me back here and have the nerve to say that?" Her voice went very high. She was really worked up.

Okay, obviously I took the wrong approach. "I didn't mean it like that. It's just they're not intimidating people, and they'll love you."

"We'll see." She stood up, smoothing her navy t-shirt down over the top of her khaki shorts.

"You ready?" I let her take my hand to pull me off the bed.

"Sure."

The sound of kids yelling outside meant at least one of my siblings had arrived. I really hoped they'd be on their best behavior.

***

"I don't think my girls are going to let her go home," David joked, leaning back in an Adirondack chair as my brothers and I watched Becca play with my nieces.

"Yeah, I think she won them over with those braids." The girls had gone wild when Becca made these cross-over braid things for them. She called them braid headbands or something like that.

"She's obviously good with kids," David pointed out.

"That's definitely true." She seemed to be having as much fun as they were. She'd also had fun kicking the soccer ball around with my nephews. My sister and sister-in-law were as unathletic as they come, so I think my nephews were surprised to meet a girl who knew how to play.

David cracked his knuckles in that annoying way he always did. "So, you going to tell us how you ended up with this girl? She almost seems too good to be true."

"It's a long story."

Brody tossed a football up in the air over and over. "We've got time."

"First I tried to stay away, then I fucked up, and then I miraculously got a second chance." Out of habit, I looked around to make sure my mother hadn't heard me. Cursing was practically a capital crime in her house.

Brody caught the ball, holding it this time. "What did you do?"

"Nothing worth repeating."

"No, you don't. Spit it out, bro." David was now at full attention.

I let out a deep breath. "I slept with her and told her we should pretend it never happened."

"Please tell me you're joking." David stared at me like I had two heads.

"Afraid not. Like I said, it's amazing she gave me another chance."

"Putting everything else aside, why'd you say something so stupid? It obviously couldn't have been that bad, or you wouldn't have her here now..." Brody started up with the damn ball again.

"I knew she was only in town for the summer. I figured it's what she wanted."

"But it wasn't..." David trailed off.

"No. And it gets worse."

"Worse?"

I figured I might as well lay it all out there. I usually told my brothers everything. "I was her first." I preferred to think of it that way, and so did Becca. What happened to her at seventeen didn't change that I was the first one she gave herself to-even if she was incredibly drunk.

"Let me get this straight. You hook up with a gorgeous virgin and then tell her to hit the road? And I'm usually the screw up." Brody laughed dryly.

"I know."

"And how'd you get her back?" David ran a hand through his thick brown hair.

"I got her car fixed, took her out to lunch, got her some flowers, and took care of a drunkard." I smiled. I still couldn't believe how lucky I'd gotten.

"What changed your mind?" Brody set the ball aside once again.

"About?"

"Come on, about her. What happened to her only being in town for the summer?" he continued.

"I couldn't resist her. I wanted more, and then I got more, and I needed more. You know?"

"Yeah. I get that." David smiled, leaning back.

I looked out into the yard, unable to take my eyes off Becca.

Chapter Twenty-Nine

Becca

I was making friendship bracelets with Gavin's three nieces when his sister Amanda asked if I wanted to take a walk with her. I knew it was just an excuse to interrogate me, but I agreed anyway. I didn't really think I had a choice, so I got up and followed her.

I was exhausted and still had a party to get through. The day went better than I'd expected. I spent most of it playing with the kids. When in doubt in a social situation, spending time with kids is the answer. I wondered if Gavin knew how lucky he was. He had such a loving family. I liked them all, even if they did seem a little overbearing at times.

We were barely out of the yard when Amanda started in. "How'd you and my brother meet? I haven't been able to talk to him much today." Her blond hair made her stand out from the rest of her family. I wondered if it was her natural color.

"He actually helped me out when my car broke down."

"Seriously? That's kind of romantic."

Romantic? I'd never thought of it that way... but that was probably because of how rude he was to me after.

The expression on my face must have given me away. "What aren't you saying?"

"We didn't exactly hit it off immediately."

"Really?"

"No, we actually argued quite a bit. I insulted him somehow by saying he had a southern drawl."

She laughed. "Yeah, Gav has a bit of a temper sometimes."

"That he does." Hearing squeals of laughter, I turned to see a group of children running through a sprinkler. I envied them. Life was so much easier as a kid.

"What changed things?"

I paused. I definitely wasn't going to give her the whole story. "I guess, in the end, we couldn't stay away from each other. I think we both realized there was something there and decided to see where it went." I held in a breath as a bee buzzed around me. I was pretty sure I was a magnet for them. I'd been stung more times than anyone else I knew. After a moment, the bee moved on, and I let out the breath.

"Well, I'm glad you guys decided to give it a go. I've never seen him so happy. I bet he's already thinking about the ring and proposal. I'm sure he'll make it really romantic." She got this far-off look on her face.

I froze. "Proposal? Oh no, we are definitely not there yet. Maybe we'll never be. We've only been together two months."

"He brought you home. He's planning on making it permanent. You'll be engaged in no time. I can't wait. Do you think you're going to want to get married back home? Because if you want it here, Debbie, Annie, and I can take care of everything even though you're far away." She bounced along, seeming so much younger than her thirty or so years.

"Really, we are so not even close to that point yet." I needed to get out of this conversation. "Shouldn't we head back? We need to get ready."

"Sure. I'm glad we talked. I can definitely see why my brother is so crazy about you."

"Thanks," I mumbled and quickened my pace.

I went right upstairs when we got back, glad Gavin was roughhousing with his nephews in the yard and didn't see me. I was positive he hadn't told his sister anything about us getting married, but I didn't like them getting the wrong impression.

I laid out my dress. It was strapless and royal blue. I'd noticed that Gavin always seemed to like when I wore that color. I tied my hair up before taking a rinse-off shower. I was just stepping into my dress when Gavin came in.

"Need some help with that?" He pulled up the zipper, kissing the back of my neck.

"Thanks." I paused for a moment to put on a smile before turning around.

"I've missed you. I feel like I've barely seen you today." He looked cute in his red and green striped rugby shirt. I was used to the t-shirts he wore most of the time.

"Yeah, I know what you mean." I slipped away from him and went into the bathroom. I brushed out my hair before pulling it up into a twist. I put on some minimal makeup while he watched from the doorway.

"Are you doing okay?" He wore a worried expression.

"Yeah, of course." I moved to slip past him, but he caught my waist and turned me toward him.

"Tell me the truth. What's wrong?"

"Nothing."

"What are you hiding from me? Something feels off."

I smiled. "Nothing's wrong except that you're going to be late if you don't get dressed."

"All right, all right. I'll take a quick shower."

"Good. I'll see you downstairs."

"You aren't going to wait?"

"Somehow, I think you'll manage."

He kissed me lightly before releasing his hold on me. "I'll see you in a few minutes."

***

The Powells had a lot of friends, or at least a lot of people who wanted to celebrate their anniversary. They all knew Gavin and seemed excited to see he'd brought a girl home with him.

The most popular conversation topic was Gavin's baseball career. I lost track of how many people asked him about it. He didn't seem to mind until an old coach came over to talk to him.

"Hey, Gavin, how are you doing? You still in North Carolina?" He had a full head of gray hair and a weathered face that I guessed came from years of coaching under the hot Georgia sun.

"Yeah, I'm still there."

"And who's this?"

"This is my girlfriend Becca. Becca, this is my high school coach, Ned Wallace."

"Hi. Nice to meet you." I offered him my hand, and he accepted with a firm handshake.

"It's nice to meet you too." He turned his attention back to Gavin. "You've done well for yourself, huh?" He nodded toward me.

Gavin smiled. "Yes, I definitely have."

"Have you been playing at all?"

Gavin stiffened, so I put a hand on his arm.

"No, nothing since the injury."

"That's too bad. I always hoped you'd be able to work through it." The coach shifted his weight from foot to foot.

"It just wasn't meant to be."

"I guess not, but you look good, and it's nice to see you again." He walked off.

Gavin didn't relax again for a while. It was obvious running into his coach bothered him, but I decided not to ask him about it. I figured he'd bring it up later if he felt like talking.

Gavin got into a conversation with some of his parents' friends, and I let his nieces pull me off to dance.

I looked around the yard, marveling at the decor. Tea lights were everywhere, and a dance floor had been set up. There was even a DJ. I'd have expected it to have been a wedding, not an anniversary party. Evidently, Gavin's family liked to celebrate big.

Gavin joined us, so I decided to ask him about it. "Is this typical for an anniversary party around here?"

"It's all Amanda. She likes to make everything big."

I smiled. "It's nice, just surprising."

"A good kind of surprising?"

"Yeah, a good kind."

He took my hand and led me toward the center of the dance floor. "I've been waiting to dance with you all night." Gavin could dance. He held me closer than necessary, but I loved the feeling of his strong arms around me as we moved to the music.

Over the course of the evening, I relaxed a lot more. I decided it was silly to worry too much about what Amanda said. She probably just read into things to find what she wanted to see. Gavin had told me he felt pressure from his family to settle down.

We danced for hours, only stopping to get drinks and to chat with a few people. Things were starting to wind down when his brother David said he needed Gavin for something.

"Do you mind?" Gavin asked.

"Nope, go ahead." I decided to nab a piece of the chocolate cake I'd been eyeing all night. I stood off to the side watching the crowd dance.

"A bit overwhelming, isn't it?" Gavin's mother came up to stand next to me, eating a piece of cake herself.

"Not in a bad way." I smiled. "It's a lovely party."

"Thank you. The kids outdid themselves this time."

"Gavin said this is typical of Amanda."

"Yeah, she loves to throw big parties." Annie smiled thinking about her daughter. "Maybe Gavin can show you around a little. You haven't had a chance to see Augusta, have you?"

"Not yet."

"From what you have seen, would you consider moving here after you graduate?" Her tone was nonchalant, but her expression was intense. She was definitely looking for a particular answer.

What? Why would I do that? Gavin didn't even live there. "I haven't really thought about it. It really depends on where I get a job."

"Don't you mean where you both get jobs?" she looked at me pointedly. "Don't get me wrong. I think it's wonderful how career oriented you are, but Gavin's going to need a job too."

"He has a job..."

"In Clayton Falls, but you just said you weren't sure where you wanted to live." Her expression softened. I wondered if I'd imagined the intensity from a moment earlier.

I didn't even know what to say. I could ignore Amanda, but now Gavin's mother implied we were getting married, or at least seriously planning on something long term.

"Not to push you, but with you working, you are going to need childcare. That's something I'd be more than happy to take on if you two decide to settle back here." She smiled warmly, and I wanted to disappear.

"Childcare?"

She laughed. "Don't look so shocked. You two aren't babies. I'm sure you won't wait too long."

"Can you excuse me?" I needed air. I might have been outside, but if I didn't get away from Gavin's mom, I might say something really stupid.

I put down my cake plate and walked away from the main part of the yard. I'd noticed a gazebo further out and decided to head there. Unfortunately, it wasn't empty.

"Hey. Needed a break too?" Brody greeted me, scooting over on the small bench to give me a place to sit.

I took a seat. "I did, but I'm guessing you're not here for the same reason as me."

He chuckled. "Not unless you're tired of being grilled by everyone about what you're doing with your life."

"Not in the same way you are." But it wasn't far off.

He turned to me. "Explain that comment."

"First, answer a question for me. What do you think it means that Gavin asked me to come home for this party?"

"That he likes you and wanted to introduce you to us..." He looked at me as if he thought it was a trick question.

"Okay, good. That's exactly what I think."

"Did someone else suggest something different?"

"Amanda and your mom seem to think Gavin's thinking marriage."

"Does that scare you?" He studied me, but not in a judgmental way.

"Yes."

"Honest. I like that. Any particular reason why? Is it just in general or the thought of it with Gavin?" We were far enough from the music that I could hear crickets chirping.

"In general," I answered quickly. "It's not something even on my mind yet. I need to finish school, find a job, get established. There's so much to do before getting married and of course having kids." I wasn't even sure if I'd ever have kids, so talking about it as if it was inevitable and happening soon was way too much to handle.

"Oh no. Mom went in on kids, didn't she?"

I smiled. "She offered her services for childcare."

He shook his head. "Ignore her. You'd think five grandchildren would be enough to hold her over."

"It doesn't seem like it."

"I wouldn't let it get to you. Is Gavin serious about you? Yes. But he'll let you set the pace. Just talk to him if it's an issue."

"I don't want to bring it up if your family is wrong. I don't want him to think I'm pushing for it."

"Well either way, I think you'll be fine." He stopped suddenly, looking past me into the dark. "I'll see you around."

It didn't take me long to see what sent him on his way. Gavin nodded to his brother before immediately taking his spot on the bench. "There you are. I've been looking for you everywhere."

"Oh, sorry. I just needed a break."

"Were you and Brody talking about anything interesting?"

"Nothing major." If he only knew.

"But you're all right? You seemed fine when we were dancing, but now you seem weird again."

"Please stop worrying. I'm fine. Just a little tired." I smiled.

"Oh. Okay. The party's winding down."

He took my hand and led me back to the house.

Chapter Thirty

Gavin

Something was wrong with Becca. I was sure of it. Saturday night after the party, she went right up to bed and was already asleep by the time I got there. She didn't respond to me at all when I pulled her into my arms.

By the time I woke up the next morning, she was already packing up her stuff.

"Hey, leaving without me?" I rolled over, watching her pack.

She smiled, but it seemed forced. "No, I just want to make sure we can leave right after breakfast. I'd love to have some time at home today."

"Okay... I'll get up."

"Good. Okay, I'll see you downstairs." She headed to the door.

"Wait. Don't I at least get a kiss good morning?"

She walked back over to the bed and kissed me on the cheek.

"Nuh uh, you can do better than that." I grabbed her around the waist to pull her down next to me. Usually this would have her squealing with laugher. Instead, she went stone still and just looked at me.

I kissed her, but she was obviously not into it, so I stopped. I hoped it was just anxiety to get back home, but I wasn't sure.

Thanks to Becca's insistence, we got an early start, and we were back in Clayton Falls by midafternoon. I figured it was a good thing. We'd finally be able to spend some time alone. As I turned the corner toward the Mathews's house, I decided to ask her the question I'd been mulling over all weekend.

"I was thinking that it might be nice if you didn't have to always run your stuff back and forth."

"It's not a big deal."

"We only have a few more weeks before you leave, and I'd rather not spend nights apart just because you don't want to worry about having the right stuff with you or anything. Wouldn't it be better to have everything at my place?"

"It's just a few weeks...there's no reason to change things." She looked away from me.

I pulled up along the curb. "Becca, I want you to. Don't you want to?"

"I can't do this."

"Do what? Move your stuff?"

"This. It's moving way too fast, which is dumb since I'm leaving."

"What's too fast?"

"You asking me to move in, or whatever."

"I just thought it would be fun. We only have a few weeks seeing each other every day. Let's make the most of it."

"Is that all it is?"

"What's that supposed to mean?" I let the engine idle.

"I'm not what you're looking for. I don't just want to be someone's wife and give up my life."

"Excuse me?"

"You heard me. Don't play dumb."

I could feel my temper flaring, and I snapped. "I don't recall asking you to be my wife."

She looked like I'd slapped her.

"Let's end this while we're ahead. It wouldn't have worked out anyway," she said coldly.

"What the hell?" I slammed my hands on the steering wheel. "What's going on?"

"I have dreams, Gavin, and just because you don't want to follow yours, doesn't mean I shouldn't follow mine." She stared down at her hands as she said it, unwilling to even meet my eye.

"Oh, so I'm somehow inferior to you because I'm actually happy with my life?"

"Not inferior, just different. Too different from me. If you're happy spending your life as a cop in freaking Mayberry, that's fine with me, but I need to get back to the real world." She opened her door and got out, but I couldn't move. I just sat there as she pulled out her bag from the back and slammed the door.

She glanced back at me once before walking up the driveway, but I didn't leave. I don't think I moved for twenty minutes. I couldn't process what had just happened. She'd dumped me on the grounds that I was somehow not good enough for her. I only had one word for her in that moment and it wasn't one I was proud to say.

I drove home, stopping by Tom's house to pick up Max.

"Hey, man, how was the weekend?" Tom asked when he opened the door.

"Don't ask," I barked, pushing inside past him. "Where is he?"

"Out back. Are you okay?"

"Okay? No, that's not the right word. I'm going to get my damn dog and go home."

"What happened?" Kelly walked into the room with Max on her tail.

"Nothing, nothing fucking happened."

"Hey, don't talk to Kelly that way."

"I was just leaving. Thanks for watching him." I opened the front door knowing Max would follow. I didn't bother waiting to get his stuff. I had extras of everything at home.

I gunned the engine pulling out of the driveway. I didn't want to watch Tom and his wife, while I was once again the sorry loser with no one.

Part of me still couldn't believe we'd just had that fight, and I half expected to see Becca sitting on my front step when I pulled in. My steps were empty. I went inside and poured myself a drink. What the hell had just happened? How had our conversation gone from her moving in to her breaking it off?

Hours later, I calmed down enough to realize that something had to have happened in Augusta, but there was nothing I could do if she wouldn't talk to me about it. No, this wasn't my fault. She was the one who'd have to apologize if we were ever getting over it. But I knew the chances of that were doubtful, especially with her leaving so soon. I thought about taking a ride over to Gill's, but Ronny would probably be there. I couldn't handle him gloating.

I hadn't felt so low in a long time-not since Dawn left. I stayed away from northern girls for a reason.

Chapter Thirty-One

Becca

I felt like I'd been kicked in the stomach, even though I was the one who made the decision to end it. I had already decided to let our relationship fade out when I left, but I'd planned to enjoy the last few weeks we had. Then he'd asked me to move in. It scared me. It would just make leaving harder. When I tried to explain it, Gavin reminded me that he hadn't proposed, and it just confused me more. I didn't know what terrified me more: Gavin wanting to move things forward or him deciding he was done with me. I don't know what came over me, but cruel words flew out of my mouth. I pretty much called him a loser. I should have taken it back or tried to apologize, but I couldn't. The expression on his face let me know it was too late. I just got out of the car and walked away.

I didn't sleep at all that night and dragged myself into work in the morning.

"Hi, Becca. How was your weekend? You went home with Gavin, didn't you?" the older Mr. Morgan greeted me.

"It was fine. Thanks for asking."

"Would it be okay if we had a talk? This is your last full week of work."

Here it came-the evaluation.

I followed Jim into his office where Matt already sat. He smiled at me as I took a seat in the chair next to him.

"We've both been very impressed with your work this summer, Becca. You've handled everything professionally and we're prepared to offer you a position here if it's something you're interested in."

Was he really offering me a job? Obviously, there was no way I was taking it, but it was still cool.

"But, I also realize that you are more interested in other areas of the law, and I happen to know of a position that might be a better fit."

"Really?"

"I'm not sure if you know it, but I went to law school with the DA in New Hanover County."

"Really?" Now this was getting interesting.

"I know they have positions to fill next year, and I would be happy to put in a good word for you if you'd be willing to relocate down here. I'm not sure if you have any other reasons to move..." I knew he was talking about Gavin, and I tried to ignore the pang I felt just thinking about him.

"Wow. Thank you. That's really something to think about it."

"You do that, and let me know, okay?"

"Definitely, thank you so much." At least something positive was coming out of the summer. "I really appreciate you giving me the opportunity to work for you this summer. It's been a wonderful experience."

"It was our pleasure, and I hope this won't be the last we see of you."

I smiled. "I'll definitely let you know what I decide about the job." Just thinking about coming back to visit Clayton Falls depressed me. Now that Gavin and I had broken up, the chance of that was zero even if I did take a job in Wilmington.

***

I let my phone go to voicemail three times before I finally picked up. "What's going on?" the voice on the other end of the phone demanded. I hadn't recognized the number and was a little shocked by the reception.

"Who is this?"

"It's Brody, and I really wish someone would fill me in here."

"Brody? How'd you get my number?"

"You gave it to my mom, remember?"

"Oh."

"Oh? I really want to give you the benefit of the doubt here, but all I know is that somehow in the few days since you guys left, you've managed to dump my brother."

"Yeah. I messed up."

"Messed up? So you didn't mean to? I'm really not getting it."

"I got scared and said things I didn't mean."

"Then go apologize. He's miserable, and you don't sound so great yourself."

"Does he know you're calling me?"

"Of course not. This is about what we talked about, isn't it?"

"It started off that way."

"What do you want? I think, in the end, that's what you have to figure out."

I could not believe I was being lectured on relationships by my ex-boyfriend's younger brother.

"I want Gavin. I can't stop thinking about him."

"Then tell him. He wants you too. You're both just being stubborn idiots."

"I can't face him."

"Sure, you can. Call him, or hell, write him a letter for all I care. Just do something. If you don't, I'm coming there myself."

"Is that a threat?" I couldn't help laughing a little.

"Absolutely. It's not that I really care about Gavin's love life, but he seemed happy for the first time in years, and I don't think he can take getting his heart broken again-especially over something as stupid as your insecurities."

"Hey! Who are you to talk to me this way?"

"Someone has to, and you don't have a brother to do it. Okay?"

"Okay." There was actually something refreshing about that phone call, as bizarre as it sounds. I guess sometimes it helps when someone points out the obvious.

The more I thought about it, the more the idea of writing a letter appealed. It couldn't hurt. Maybe we could salvage something.

After hanging up with Brody, I dug out a legal pad and wrote a letter. I folded it up and searched around for an envelope. Giving up, I ended up asking Mrs. Mathews for one. She didn't ask what I needed it for, and I didn't tell her.

I drove over to Gavin's when I knew he was still at work and made myself get out of the car and slip the envelope under his door mat. Hopefully, he'd at least read it.

Chapter Thirty-Two

Gavin

I saw something white sticking out from under the door mat when I got home from work. I swiped it before walking inside. It was late, but as soon as I realized who it was from, I woke up right away. I made Max wait while I read the letter.

Dear Gavin,

I know this probably seems very middle school, but I didn't have the nerve to call you. I'm sorry. I never should have said the things I did. I was scared, and I took it out on you. There's nothing wrong with your life or what you do. I'm the one who's going nowhere. I hope you'll forgive me eventually and maybe even look back on what we had fondly.

All the best,

Becca

It wasn't the most amazing apology letter ever, but it was what I needed to hear. I changed, taking Max to do his business out front before rushing him back inside. He could wait for a walk. I locked up and got right in the car.

I knocked on her door, impatient when I didn't get an answer. I knocked again-still nothing. Damn it, where could she be?

"She's not here." Mr. Mathews came out his back door.

"Oh. Do you know where she is?" I hadn't bothered to check if her car was out front.

"She went down to the beach."

"At night?"

"She asked to borrow a flashlight. That's all I know."

"Thanks." I got back in my car and headed to the beach.

I noticed her car parked about a block away. I smiled. She was making sure to avoid a ticket this time. I parked right behind her car.

I got out and jogged the rest of the distance. Now that I got it in my head to talk to her, I didn't want to wait.

She stood right at the shoreline looking up at the sky.

"Nice night out, huh?"

She turned around, and I got my first look at her face. She'd been crying. "Hi, I guess you read my letter." She looked down.

"Yes. Thank you for it. I probably should have just come to talk to you sooner."

"I'm the one who started it." She looked up at me like she was afraid of what she'd see.

I couldn't stand to watch her so upset. I closed the distance between us, pulling her into a hug. "I've missed you."

"Me too."

"Do you think you can get out of work a little early tomorrow? I need to go somewhere, and I want you to come with me."

"Are you sure?"

"Absolutely. And I promise it has nothing to do with my family."

"Gavin, I'm-"

"You already apologized. Just say you'll come."

"Okay."

We walked down the beach together, and I resisted the urge to invite her home with me. I wanted to, but I needed to wait.

***

Becca always looked so good dressed up. I picked her up right after work, and she was still in a fitted skirt and a blue button-down shirt. She definitely seemed to wear blue more now.

"Are you going to tell me where we're going?" she asked as I drove us out of town. "You're dressed up, so I'm getting a bit apprehensive."

I guess a dress shirt and slacks were pretty dressed up for me.

"We're going to a game."

"A game?"

"A baseball game."

"Are you being intentionally vague?"

"Maybe a little."

"Is everything okay?" She put a hand on my leg. "You seem stressed."

"Yeah, I'm just anxious about something."

"You're not still mad at me, right?"

I looked over at her. I'd missed her more than I wanted to admit. "No. I was never really mad, just upset."

"That's not much better."

"Well, I've upset you too. I guess we're even." I put a hand on her leg this time.

"Is this a special game? I assume by the direction we're headed that we're going to a Durham Bull's game, but I doubt you'd dress up for just a regular ball game..."

"Yeah, you can say that."

"Okay, keep your secrets."

I laughed. "It's not a big deal, Becca. It's just a game I said I'd go to, and I wanted you to come with me. I thought you might want to see where I played."

"I definitely do!" I loved that she was actually excited. She wasn't making it up.

"Okay, good."

I got off at an exit I hadn't used in years and headed into Raleigh. We had a few hours before the game, just enough time to grab some dinner. I knew exactly where to take her.

"This used to be my go-to place for a steak. It wasn't as good as my favorite place back home, but it helped get me through my years here."

"Sounds good."

I parked at the Angus Barn, and we walked in. I couldn't help noticing the way every guy in there checked her out. I wasn't sure I'd ever get used to the attention Becca attracted. She seemed oblivious to it. I loved that about her. We were seated in the corner, and Becca barely looked at her menu before setting it down.

"You know what you want already?"

"Just order me whatever you get."

"Seriously?"

"Completely. You talked the steak up so much. I'm going to have to try it."

She squinted a little. It was nice to see her back in challenge mode. "Okay, if you think you can eat it."

"I can. I skipped lunch so I could leave early. I'm starved."

"You skipped lunch? Why didn't you pick something up?" She was thin enough; skipping meals was not cool.

"I was trying to finish up my last project. Today was my last day."

"But you don't leave until next week..."

"The Morgans told me to take it off and they're insisting on paying me anyway. Kind of crazy. I was going to just head home, but now..." She trailed off, but I knew what she meant.

"Don't leave this weekend."

"Okay." She bit her bottom lip. I hadn't noticed her doing that in a while.

I ordered for us both and waited to see how she'd do.

I laughed to myself when the waiter set down her steak in front of her. It had to be at least thirty-two ounces.

"Here goes nothing," she mumbled before starting to eat.

She tackled it. She didn't actually finish, but she got close. We barely talked while we ate. She was too determined.

She wiped her face with a napkin. "You were right. That is good."

I laughed. "I know. Are you ready?"

"Yes, but I'm not sure if I can move."

"Sure, you can." I paid the bill, and we walked out.

We got back on the interstate, and I headed toward Durham. Turning off, I took the long route to the stadium, deciding to drive past my old loft. I always picked lofts.

I turned into the large parking lot, selecting the first empty spot I could find. We made the short trek to the entrance, and I found myself both anxious and surprisingly excited about going inside. Holding Becca's hand in mine definitely helped.

I checked in at the ticket sales counter, and the clerk told me to go around. I led Becca and went in through the side door where we were met by a suit-clad man I was sure I'd never met before.

"Gavin Powell, we are so excited you were able to make it tonight!"

"Yeah well, I decided I'd actually make this one."

Becca looked at me quizzically. She was still trying to figure out what made this game unusual.

"Thanks for getting your husband to come tonight. It's such a treat to have him here."

I expected Becca to jump all over that comment considering our earlier fight, but she calmly replied, "Just boyfriend. He decided to come on his own."

"Either way, we're so glad he's here." The man, who still hadn't introduced himself, handed us two passes on lanyards. "Let me show you to your seats."

We were escorted to two seats behind the dugout, and I loved watching the look of excitement cross Becca's face. I felt pretty excited myself. There was just something about being in a stadium. Even when baseball was a job, the excitement was still there.

"This is really cool." She grinned.

"You like the seats?"

"Like?"

I laughed. She really did love baseball as much as I did.

"Do you want anything to drink? To eat?"

"Are you kidding? Did you not see me eat that entire cow?"

"Entire cow? Not quite, but I'm going to get some popcorn anyway."

I ran back out and came back with popcorn and two beers.

The Bulls were playing the Charlotte Knights, and the first few innings were fairly uneventful. Finally, in the fourth inning, the Bull's managed two runs. Becca got really into it, jumping out of her seat and everything.

"Having fun?" I teased, putting an arm around her when she sat back down.

"Yeah, but when are you going to tell me what's up? I mean, why the special treatment? Do all former players get it?"

I bit back a smile. "Just wait."

"This whole man of mystery act is getting old."

"What are you talking about? I'm always a man of mystery. It's not an act."

She gave me that adorable pout of hers. "Gavin, please."

"Just watch the game."

We got a couple more beers and the game moved quickly. Before long, it was the seventh inning stretch.

"I think I'm going to run to the restroom." Becca started to get up.

"No, you should wait."

"Okay."

She settled back down just as the announcer started in.

"Ladies and Gentleman, it's the time of the season to welcome back some of our most honored former players. First, he led us to one of our most successful seasons in 1992 and went on to a long and successful career of nearly twenty years with the Atlanta Braves. I would like to introduce Chipper Jones."

The crowd loudly applauded as he slowly walked onto the field. I could feel my nerves beginning to set in as the announcer continued.

"Next, I have the pleasure of introducing one of the most beloved players in our sports club. He holds the record for the most strikeouts in a game and is the only pitcher to have two no hitters in a single season. Please welcome back Gavin Powell."

As I started to walk to the field, the audience rose to their feet and yelled. I could see the shock on Becca's face as I let go of her hand.

"Our guests today will be awarded with a plaque for their contributions to the club and will be available after the game for a signing event."

It was almost surreal being on the field. I hadn't looked back when I'd left three years before, but standing there that night, I couldn't believe I'd stayed away so long.

As I took my seat again, Becca leaned over. "So do I get an autograph?"

"You can have a lot more than an autograph." I raised an eyebrow.

"Really? And I thought I was just another one of your groupies."

"You'll never be just another anything. Don't forget it." I settled my hand on her leg as we watched the rest of the game. The Bulls pulled out a 4 to 1 win, making it an even better evening.

After the game, we walked over to a large tent set up behind the field for a meet and greet. I was worried it would be overwhelming for Becca, but she was a natural. She didn't even seem flustered. For someone terrified to meet my family, she had no issues hanging out with this group.

Dawn used to hate when I left her alone at events. She'd mope around the whole time and always wanted me to make it up to her afterward. Becca seemed to be having a great time. Every time I looked over at her, she was smiling.

I signed the last of the autographs and joined Becca. She nibbled happily on something.

"I thought you were never going to eat again."

"They're chocolate covered strawberries. They don't count."

I laughed. "Okay, but then I need to have one."

After eating three strawberries, I noticed a familiar face heading our way.

"Do my eyes deceive me, or am I actually in the presence of the Gavin Powell?"

"Gary, hey." I shook hands and then hugged my old pitching coach.

"And who is this?" He turned his attention to Becca.

"Becca Harris. Nice to meet you." She shook his hand.

"How'd you get yourself messed up with this one?"

"He came to my rescue, and I haven't been able to stay away since."

"Nice. Maybe you're the reason he keeps avoiding my calls."

"Calls?" She looked at me questioningly.

"Oh, so he hasn't even told you. I've been on his case about coming out to Tampa with me. We could definitely use him."

"No, he didn't tell me anything about it."

I expected her to get annoyed, but she surprised me by putting her hand in mine. "He's always so modest."

Gary smiled. "At least promise to stay in touch this time, Gavin."

"Sure, I'll do one better. I'll give you a call next week."

Gary's eyes widened in surprise. "You do that."

We left soon after. We had a two hour drive back, and it was already late. Becca took off her heels as soon as we got in the car.

"Thanks for coming. It was a lot easier with you there."

"Thanks for taking me. That was really cool. You're really cool."

"I'm cool, huh? Well you're pretty cool, yourself. And by the way, thanks."

"For?" She fidgeted in her seat so she could see me better.

"I don't know. Being you, I guess."

"Oh. Well, it's just so hard, I don't know how I do it."

I laughed.

She started to run her fingers down my arm. I loved when she did that. "I don't want to get into anything, but why didn't you tell me about Tampa? I mean, if it's your dream and all..."

"Because I wasn't ready. Hell, it took me three years just to go back to that stadium."

"Well you seemed right at home. I still can't believe my boyfriend holds the record for the most strikeouts in a game."

It was nice to hear her call me her boyfriend. She'd said it earlier, but this time it wasn't because someone mistakenly thought we were married. At least I knew where we stood in her eyes-the same place we did in mine.

We rode in silence for a while, and I turned off the interstate toward town.

"If it's okay with you, you don't need to drop me off."

I'd thought she was sleeping and was wondering how to approach the topic. We'd been apart less than a week, but it seemed like forever. I wasn't sure whether I could just assume she'd want to come home with me, especially after our fight. But I needed her. I needed to spend every last second with her before she left. I'd have to get time off work.

"It's more than okay with me." I reached over and took her hand.

I pulled into the driveway, feeling a whole lot more relaxed than I had been when I'd left. We took Max for a walk before coming back and settling into our usual spots on the couch. She looked out at the water even though she couldn't have seen much of anything in the darkness.

I put an arm around her, and she leaned into me. "I've missed you so much."

"I've missed you, too."

"I don't want to leave."

"I know, but we'll make it work."

"You still think so?"

"Of course. If anything, I'm more determined now. I need you in my life."

She shifted, and at first I thought she was pulling away, but instead she got into my lap, straddling me the way she did our first night together. Before I could even register it, she kissed me.

I let her take the lead, more than willing to hand control over to her for a while. I loved that she felt comfortable enough with me to do it.

She suddenly stopped, hands stilling in their gradual descent. "You're going to visit me, right?"

"Of course." I'd be visiting her more than she could imagine. I finally knew how I was going to make her feel safe.

"Good." Her hands moved again, and I decided it was my turn to take over. I flipped her down on the couch and followed behind her. As upset as it made her that first time, I realized it was the words and not the action.

She giggled, having no problem with her new position.

I grinned. "You weren't moving fast enough."

"No, I wasn't, was I?"

I undressed her quickly, enjoying the process just as much now as I had the first time, just as much as I knew I'd enjoy doing it for the rest of my life. I'd already known it for a long time, but I was never letting Becca go. If our time apart had taught me anything, it was that I'd do anything to keep her in my life-and after our night, I'd finally figured out how.

Chapter Thirty-Three

Becca

I woke up in Gavin's arms as the sun streaked in the window. I snuggled into him, not wanting the moment to end. The lyrics to every song I knew about saying goodbye flowed through my head as I ran my hand down his chest. He murmured something before pulling me closer. I closed my eyes and tried to memorize how it felt to be held by him, how it felt to be so complete. His skin felt warm against mine, and I even liked the way his stubble scratched my cheek.

The tears started. I didn't want to leave him. I had no idea how I was supposed to survive the distance. We'd wasted so much time, and all I wanted to do was go back and make up for every second of it. I wished I'd spent every night with him, had woken up with him every morning. I wished I hadn't taken him for granted. I'd never expected to fall in love, but over the course of a few months, I'd become completely attached to a man I knew I could no longer live without.

"Are you okay, baby?" Gavin said softly.

I opened my eyes. "I don't want to leave."

"I don't want you to leave."

"I'm scared."

"Of leaving?" He absently played with my hair the way he did so often.

"Of everything. Of being apart, of being alone..."

"I know. But I have a surprise that might help a little."

"What?" I looked up at him hopefully.

"He's currently sleeping over there." I followed his gaze over to where Max slept curled up on his bed.

"Max? Wait, are you saying I can borrow your dog?"

He laughed. "Well if I can't be there myself, at least you'll have him. Besides, he likes you better."

"But what about you? What will you do without him?"

"I'll be okay. I'll see him all the time when I visit you. And it's only for nine months, right?"

I nodded. "Right."

I kissed him, refusing to waste even a minute of the time we had left.

***

Boston was as lonely as I'd expected. I got back into the groove of school, but it was so much harder. The longer I was away from Clayton Falls, the more I missed it. I missed Molly, Kelly, and Jake-missed the group of friends I'd never imagined I'd have, but most of all, I missed Gavin. Sometimes I ached for him so much that I didn't know how to deal.

To make things worse, Gavin seemed kind of distant, as if he was hiding something. I knew I had to trust him. I understood that sending Max with me was for more than my safety. He wanted me to know he wasn't going anywhere. Accepting Max meant I wasn't either.

On the Thursday of my third week back, I got caught in a torrential downpour after getting off the T. I opened my umbrella, but a gust of wind turned it inside out. "Damn it."

I dropped my useless umbrella into the trash can as I walked the few blocks to my apartment. Pelted by rain on top of everything else, I was soaked. I turned the corner and noticed someone leaning against the side of my building. As I got closer, he glanced up, and I got a look at my favorite hazel eyes.

"Gavin? What are you doing here?" I ran as fast as I could with my backpack full of books.

He met me halfway, sliding my bag off my shoulders, tossing it under the awning of my building, before pulling me into a hug. "You left something behind," he whispered in my ear.

"What?" I asked, hoping he was going to say what I wanted him to.

"Me."

I pulled my head away from his chest, knowing my face was now wet from tears and the rain. "How long are you here for?"

"Until you graduate."

"Really?" I clutched on to his shirt, trying to accept that the man I loved was really moving across the country for me.

He smiled. "I figured I knew someone who wouldn't mind having me as a roommate."

"Well, I kind of already have someone living with me... but I think Max will be okay with you joining us."

"Good. I would have come sooner, but I had to give my two weeks at work."

"I'm sorry..."

"Don't be. I know of a job up here I can take anyway."

"Where?"

"Let's say we'll be at a lot of games at Fenway."

"Are you going to coach?"

"I called my pitching coach, and he knew someone up here. It won't pay much, but it's a start, right?"

"Oh my god, you're really going to help coach the Sox!"

"I take it you like the idea?"

"Is that a joke?"

He looked down into my eyes. "I love you, Becca."

Before I could reply, his lips were on mine. His arms came around me, and I wrapped mine around his neck, pulling him as close to me as possible. The rain continued to pour down on us, but I didn't care. All I cared about was how good it felt to have his lips against mine again and to be back in his arms. He eventually loosened his hold a little and pulled back. I jumped in immediately. "I love you."

"Do you love me enough to get me out of the rain?"

"Of course. But wait. Where's all your stuff?"

"In my car." He pointed to where he'd parked.

"Do you need it now?"

"No. The only thing I need is right here."

"And I'm not going anywhere." I looked him right in the eye when I said it, letting him know I meant it.

"Me either, Becca. Me either."

His lips met mine again, and I knew I was right where I belonged.

