Prologue

The rain falls hard as I drive back home. I'm a goddamn mess, and I can't get my head to stop tormenting me. I don't know what the hell is wrong with me or why this is happening. I couldn't even force myself to come this time, and I was such a dick that I made her believe it was her fault. It was a shit thing to do, but I knew if I didn't embarrass her, she would go open her mouth to all her friends.

I pull up to my house and head inside. It's dark as I quietly make my way upstairs to my bedroom. Shutting my door, I lie down on my bed and stare at the fan on my ceiling making its rotations over and over. How is this my life?

I'm so twisted that the only reason I wanted to f**k that girl was because I knew Tyler had. It was my sick way of connecting with him. I hate myself for doing what I did. I hate myself for so many reasons.

I grew up in church, going to Sunday school and Bible study summer camps. I believe in God, and was taught that this way of life is wrong. It isn't what He wants; it isn't what I want, but at the same time ... it is. This shouldn't be happening to me. I've done all I can to force these thoughts and feelings away. I've pretty much screwed every girl in my graduating class at La Jolla High. Nothing is working though; in fact, it's only making everything that much worse.

Nobody knows. I'm not sure anyone will ever know. I've spent the last few years praying that this is just a phase, fighting the thoughts that skate around in my head. Pretending to be someone I'm not in an attempt to escape this sick person who lives inside of me.

The only person I need right now-the only one who would listen and not judge me-is gone. I feel like God is punishing me for some reason. He took away the only one who could help me. The only one I could confide in. It's been almost two years since Jacie died. She was in the car with her boyfriend on prom night when an overly tired truck driver hit them head-on and killed them. She was my best friend. Everyone even called us by the same name: Jase for Jason, and Jace for Jacie. We never went through any sibling rivalry and did everything together: exploding mud pies with firecrackers when we were little, and later, learning to surf. Surfing was our thing; we would always go out early on Saturday mornings and stop at the In-N-Out Burger on the way home. Mom and Dad still haven't touched her room, and I'm not allowed to mention her name.

I miss her.

I miss everything about her, and now I need her more than ever. I need her to tell me it's okay, that I'm okay.

When I got my acceptance letter from the University of Washington the other week, I knew it was where I was going to go. I need to get the hell out of California and away from everything I know. I need to free my mind of the constant taunting. I just need to be free to find myself. To figure all this out. To understand why, when I was banging Carly tonight, all I could think about was Tyler. Fuck.

I'm not a fag. That shit is sick, and it's not me. I hate myself for even thinking that it could be. Just three more months before classes start at UW. August is when I will escape from here and finally get the headspace I need to work everything out.

Chapter one

"Kimber, what's taking you so long?"

"Stop bitching. Just let me get my boots on, and I'll be ready. Man, what has your panties in a twist?" she whines as she sits on the floor of her closet, zipping up her boots.

"I'm going to say goodnight to Candace real quick. Hurry up, okay?"

"Uuugh!" I hear her grunt as I walk down the hall to Candace's room. When I open her door, she is sitting on her bed studying. Typical Candace. She's focused and quiet, and she's the sweetest girl I know. I love her more than anything. She was the first person I met and became friends with when I moved here to Seattle three years ago. We had an instant connection. In a way, she reminds me a lot of Jace in her sincerity. She made it easy for me to decide to open up to her about being g*y, and she was the first person I ever told. She didn't even think twice about it when I told her.

"Hey, Jase," she says as I walk into her room and sit down next to her.

"You really should come out with us. This band is supposed to be really good."

"I have a lot of reading to do. Besides, I have to be at work by six tomorrow morning," she tells me as she closes her books and slides them to the foot of the bed.

"You know your excuses are lost on me, right?"

She smiles, and I kiss her forehead before hugging her.

"Stop molesting my roommate. I'm ready," Kimber says loudly as she enters the room, flipping her bright blonde hair behind her shoulder.

"You guys have fun. Call me tomorrow, Jase."

"Will do. See ya later."

When we arrive at Level One, the place is packed. Kimber and I head straight to the bar and waste no time downing a couple shots. The band playing tonight has brought in a large crowd. It's the busiest I have ever seen this place.

"They're really good," Kimber shouts over the music.

Picking up the bottle of beer the bartender hands me, I nod my head and take a sip. Mark, the guy who plays guitar, is in a few of my classes; he's an Architect major like me. We've never talked much, but he was the one who told me about this gig tonight. It's hard to tell, but I get the sense that he's g*y too. I guess he's a lot like me. Kimber and Candace told me that there's no way they would've ever known unless I told them. But there's something about Mark that makes me think I'm not wrong about my assumption.

Kimber and I get comfortable at the bar and sit back to listen to the band play for a while. I met Kimber around the same time I met Candace. She's a wild chick but fun as hell. I tend to go out more with Kimber, although we aren't as close as I am with Candace. I don't think many people have the connection that Candace and I have.

After a couple beers and a round of pool, we find ourselves back at the bar as the band takes a short break.

"Jase, man, you made it," I hear from behind me.

Setting my beer down, I turn and Mark has sidled up next to me. "Yeah, I've been here before. Never knew you played here."

He nods at the bartender and then looks back at me. "Dude, we play everywhere we can get a decent gig. We've been here before, just not a lot."

The bartender hands him a bottle of beer, and I catch myself staring as he takes a long swig. His build is similar to mine, so I know he must hit the gym as often as I do by the way his sweaty shirt is clinging to him. Damn. I take another sip and look down the bar at Kimber, who is scoring a free drink from a loser who thinks he has a chance with her. I laugh and shake my head when I hear Mark ask, "You here by yourself?"

"No, but she's left me to sexually harass anyone she can," I joke.

"My type of girl."

Shit. I was wrong.

After taking another gulp of his beer, he sets his bottle down and cocks his head before saying, "If I was into girls."

"No?" I ask for clarification.

Turning to lean his back against the bar, he looks at the stage as he says, "Nah, man."

"Good to know," I respond, and when he looks back at me, he gives a sexy side grin that lets me know he understood what I meant.

"So, you sticking around?"

"Yeah."

"Good. We have one more set for the night." He turns around and calls for another beer. When he gets it, he looks my way. "I'll catch you after?"

"Yeah."

He nods before heading back to the stage to join the rest of the band that is already up there.

Ever since I moved away from La Jolla and came to Seattle, I have been trying to figure out who I am. I was really confused before coming here, but after seeing the reaction from telling Candace and then Kimber, which was hardly even a reaction at all, I felt a huge boulder being lifted off my shoulders. Candace encouraged me to be myself and not hide while I was here. No one knew me, and it was a fresh start.

Putting myself out there was difficult at first. I didn't know what the hell I was doing and always felt awkward. But I figure that is how most people are when they start dating, even straight people. Even though I screwed around a lot in high school, it was never what I really wanted. I barely felt anything, other than disgusted. I think I was more disgusted with myself for using all those girls. Now that I'm here, I've been more comfortable with myself. The misery that I used to feel back home isn't so mind-consuming.

I've casually been with a lot of guys but haven't found myself in any serious relationship yet. I have been having fun and enjoying college life, not taking anything too seriously. But watching Mark on stage with his guitar slung low on his body, working the fret board, I wonder what it is about him that makes me want to keep my eyes fixed on him.

"He's f**king hot," I hear Kimber say. I didn't even know she had sat back down next to me; I've been so zoned out.

"Who?"

Rolling her eyes, she says, "Don't be stupid. The guitarist you haven't taken your eyes off of for the past five minutes."

"His name's Mark."

"You know him?"

"We have classes together," I say as I turn my attention back to him.

"Gay?"

"Uh huh."

"Well that sucks," she pouts, and I have to laugh at her.

"Only for you," I playfully tease.

She nods her head as she continues to listen to the song they're playing. They have a unique alternative sound and can clearly draw in a crowd. As they finish the song, Kimber turns to me while asking, "How much longer do you want to stay?"

"A while. I told Mark I'd stay to the end of their set. Why?"

"I'm a little tired. I think I'm just gonna grab a cab. It's getting late."

"You sure?"

Looking at me and smiling, she teases, "Yeah. I'm not gonna stick around and c**k block you like you did me the other night."

"You're full of shit," I laugh as I shake my head at her.

She smiles at me and gives me a hug before she heads out.

About a half hour and several songs later, the band is packing up their equipment before the next one takes the stage. Walking over to me, Mark hands his guitar case to the bartender who sets it against the back wall and then hands him another beer. He introduces me to Chasten, the drummer, who comes over to say bye before he leaves with the rest of the guys.

"So, are you from around here?" he asks.

"California. I grew up near San Diego. What about you?"

"I'm from Ohio. All my family is there. I just really needed a change of scenery, mostly people, so I came here."

Nodding my head, I tell him, "Sounds like me, man. You go home often?"

"Try to. I have two younger sisters that I'm close with, so I like to get back there a few times a year to visit. What about you? Any brothers or sisters?"

"A sister," is all I say. Mentioning her always brings a burn to my tightening throat. So, I leave it and move on. "You guys are pretty good. How long have you been playing?"

"We've played together for a couple years now." He takes a swig of his beer and continues to talk about how the band got started and some of the gigs they have played.

Talking with him is easy and we casually go back and forth, getting to know each other. I've never really noticed his green eyes until now, not that I've ever had the chance to. We've had some classes together for the past three years, but our paths never crossed enough to allow for more than just brief interactions, but he's sexy as hell.

After a while, we realize it's getting late, so Mark grabs his guitar as we head out into the parking lot to leave. He walks over to his white Range Rover that is parked a few spaces away from my SUV. Following him, he slides his guitar into the back seat and turns to face me when I ask, "So, you got any plans this weekend?"

Shutting the door and leaning against his car, he says, "No, not really."

"You wanna get a bite to eat tomorrow?"

"Yeah, that sounds good. Dinner?"

"Eastlake?"

I see a hint of a smirk when he says, "Sure."

God, I want to kiss him, but for some reason I'm hesitant, so I don't. We exchange numbers and say goodnight before I turn to my car. When I hop in and turn the key, a pang of anticipation hits me, and I wonder what's different about this guy that is sparking this eagerness in me.

Chapter two

"So, who's this guy you're going out with tonight?" I ask Candace as she flops down on the couch next to me.

"Kaleb. He used to work at the coffee shop a while ago. We ran into each other the other day."

"Hmm."

She tilts her head at me and asks, "What?"

Candace is a serial dater. One date then she is done. She's always been closed off with guys and never really cares enough to get to know them.

"I don't know why you even waste your time." I try and soften my remark by reaching my arm around her and bringing her closer to me.

"Honestly ... I don't know either."

Kissing the top of her head, I joke, "I think you just like free dinners."

We both laugh while we shift to lie down on the couch. I love this girl; I always have. I can share things with her that I never could with anyone else. She never judges.

Our physical relationship has always been a part of who we are together. We often sleep in the same bed, and I honestly think I give her something she has always lacked in her life-affection. I've never met her parents, but from what she has told me, they are pretentious ass**les and have always treated her like shit. Although she dates a lot, I know I'm the only man in her life that she allows this affection from.

"What do you have going on tonight?" she mumbles with her head on my chest.

"I've got a date myself."

"Really? With who?"

"This guy named Mark. We've had a few classes together. He plays guitar in the band that Kimber and I went to go see last night."

"That's hot," she says with a giggle.

"I know."

Just like Candace, I'm a serial dater too. Hookups are kinda my thing. I've never even brought a guy around Candace. It's one thing for her to know I'm g*y, but I feel weird having her see me that way. I know this is who I am, but in a way, I still don't think I've completely accepted it.

"So what are you guys doing?"

"Just grabbing a bite at Eastlake," I say.

Shifting herself tightly against me, she laughs a little when she says, "So, tell me how hot he is."

"Hot enough that you'd take a second date with him if he were straight." I turn into her before saying, "Now shut up, and let's take a quick nap before you have to go."

"Fine," she whines, and I lean down to give her a quick kiss on the head.

Hopping out of the shower, I feel that pang of excitement again. I sling my towel around my waist and head into the kitchen to get a beer to try and settle what's going on inside of me.

I throw a little gel into my hair and grab a pair of jeans and an old UW t-shirt. I down the rest of my beer, take my keys, and head out towards the elevator. I shoot Candace a quick text.

Call me when you get home tonight.

It doesn't take her long to reply.

Okay. Have fun. I love you.

Love you too.

On the drive to the restaurant, I can't get the images of Mark last night out of my head. Normally, I would have gone in for a kiss, but something about him made me nervous. I try not to think about it too much when I walk in and spot Mark already sitting at a table. I make my way over and take a seat.

"Hey. Been here long?" I say.

"Nah, just got here. I ordered a couple beers."

"Thanks." God, he looks good in an old, worn Mudhoney shirt that fits snug across his chest.

"So, what did you do today?"

"Not much, man." The waiter comes by and drops off our beers as I continue, "Just hung out with one of my friends. That's all. You?"

"About the same. Hit the gym and hung out."

"What gym do you go to?"

"I'm doing Crossfit at The Rock right now," he says before taking a swig of his beer.

"Yeah, I've heard about that place. I'm a member at the Athletic Club. It's a little closer to me."

"I need to check that place out now that the summer is winding down. I usually workout on campus during the school year, but always do Crossfit in the summer."

Knowing that I already want to see him again, I offer, "You should tag along with me Monday morning."

"Really?" he asks as he sets his beer down.

"Yeah, I'm normally up there by seven."

He nods his head and says with a slight grin, "I'll meet you there."

Conversation with him is comfortable as we continue to talk about school and what our plans are after we graduate this next year. I never really care to chat too much with the guys I see, but Mark is pretty cool.

"Did you have a busy summer?" I ask after the waiter drops off our food.

"Not too bad. We've been playing a lot more gigs, so it keeps me busy. What about you?"

Setting my beer down, I say, "I pretty much hung low. Took some day trips down to Westport to do some surfing."

"How long have you surfed?"

"My whole life. I grew up next to the beach, so it has always been a part of me. I don't do much of it anymore though since it takes almost three hours to get to a decent spot to paddle out," I tell him and then ask, "You ever been?"

"Surfing? No," he laughs. "I'm from Ohio, remember? The only thing we do in the water is sail and fish."

He has a beautiful smile, and I can't help the one that crosses my face when he looks the way he does right now. "Well, maybe one day I'll get you on a board."

"Don't get your hopes up," he chuckles.

We eat a long dinner and take our time getting to know each other.

After paying the tab, we walk out into the misty night, and I follow Mark to his car. Before he opens his door, he turns around, and says, "So, I guess I'll see you Monday."

"Yeah," I respond as I step closer to him and brace my hand on the car next to his shoulder. I wanted to kiss him last night, but f**k if I don't feel those same nerves again right now. Nerves I never feel when I'm with a guy. Shoving them down, I lean in, and I'm relieved when Mark wraps his hand around my neck and pulls me into him, pressing his lips against mine. We stand there in the light rain and kiss, all the while, the anxiety that rushes through me has me on edge. He crushes his mouth against mine, and I thrust my tongue past his lips and slide it against his. My body is pressed firmly against him, and I'm getting myself too worked up, so I pull back.

Not releasing his grip on my neck, I stare at him, and he gives me a slight grin when he brings me back to him and kisses me again. This time, soft. Our lips just rest on each other's for a moment before he drags his off of mine.

"See you Monday?" he says in a low voice.

Stepping back, I nod and respond, "I'll call you."

He smiles and then turns as he opens his door and hops into his SUV.

The intensity that's rolling through my body makes me want to drive straight to his house and continue what we just started here in this parking lot. I get in my car and am knocked out of my indecent thoughts when I hear my phone chime. I take it out of my pocket and read a text from Candace.

Just got home. How was your date?

Usually I tell her about my dates, but there's never been much to say because I haven't ever clicked with anyone before. But this is different, and I'm nervous to tell her. I wish that I wasn't, but I am, and I'm not entirely sure why.

Good. Heading home now.

That's all I get? No dirty details? ; )

Nothing to tell. We ate. We kissed. What are your dirty details?

I laugh as I hit send because Candace never has dirty details. She's pretty straight-laced, but I love to tease her nonetheless.

Went to The Bar Method. It was weird. He tried kissing me, but I dodged it. Awkward!

Poor guy.

Whatever. I'm going to bed.

Night, sweetie.

Driving home, my mind starts to consume itself with Mark again, and for the first time, I think that maybe I could give this a chance.

Maybe it's time.

Maybe.

Chapter three

After lifting weights for the past hour with Mark, I desperately need a cold shower, but instead, he suggested a run, and I somehow agreed. So now we are making our way through the streets of a neighborhood that is not too far from the gym, and I'm dying 'cause running with a semi is not all that fun. God, I have to get these thoughts out of my head, and fast.

"So, you plan on going back to Ohio after you graduate?" I ask, trying to refocus my thoughts on something else besides his cut body that's covered in sweat.

"I don't think so. I really love it here. Although I miss my family like crazy."

"You guys close?"

"Yeah."

Must be nice. It's been years since I felt close with my parents. Ever since Jace died, they just avoid me. Back when I was in high school, it was as if I was no longer their son, but some dude that just occupied a room in their home. We barely even speak now.

"What about you? You close with your family?" he asks as we turn onto another street that happens to have an incline so steep, I swear to God, if I didn't have decent traction on my shoes, I would slide down it.

Huffing out a short breath, I tell him way too honestly, "No. We hardly ever talk."

"Why's that?"

I take a second to gather my thoughts because I immediately want to tell him the truth. I'm not sure why since the only person I have spoken to about my sister is Candace. She had already told me how demeaning her parents are and how hard it was for her growing up in a house with them, so when I finally opened up to her, I knew she would be able to relate to me. I decide to go with my gut and reveal, "I have a sister, but ... she died five years ago. And, in a way, my parents did too. I'm pretty much invisible."

"Shit. I'm sorry, man."

Hearing the regretful tone in his voice makes me feel bad for making him uncomfortable, so I brush it off quickly. "Don't be. It's life."

"So I take it you'll most likely stay here after you graduate?"

Finally making it to the top of the hill, we turn the corner, and I sigh when I see we have hit a flat street. Mark laughs, and I turn to look at him and say, "That bitch of a hill nearly kicked my ass."

I laugh with him for a moment before answering his question. "I doubt I'll ever go back home. So, yeah, I plan on staying."

A smile crosses his face, and we both power run back to the gym. Once we hit the parking lot, I am thoroughly drained. I open the back door to my car and grab a couple bottles of water from my gym bag. Tossing one to Mark, I down mine quickly.

"Thanks for the workout," he says as he moves to lean against my car next to me.

"Yeah. Anytime."

"So, hey, I'm gonna be up on campus later this week. I have to shift one of my studios around, and the online enrollment isn't letting me make the change. You wanna meet up for coffee or something afterwards?"

"Sounds good. Just give me a call," I say as Mark steps in front of me and leans in, giving me a slow kiss that lingers long on my lips.

I wrap my arm around his waist, fisting his damp shirt, and pull him closer to me. I'm not exactly sure what we're doing, but I want it. I've never been this way before with anyone else, drawn to them like I am with Mark. Getting to know each other-I like it-and I like him, but at the same time, I'm wondering what this all means.

Mark slides his tongue across my lower lip before dipping it into my mouth. Licking and exploring, I have to break the kiss before he can tell just how turned on he's making me. Something about Mark tells me he isn't into just screwing around, so I tell him, "You can't keep doing this to me in parking lots."

Chuckling, he smiles and responds with, "I agree. I'll call you later?"

"Yeah."

"You want a glass of wine?" I ask from the kitchen.

"Please."

I pop the cork and pour Candace a glass of Merlot before getting myself a beer and joining her on my couch. She's laughing her ass off, watching an episode of 'Ridiculousness' on MTV. We often get together in the evenings and watch these shows. I love that she has the same humor as I do.

"Thanks," she says as I hand her the glass of wine.

I sit down in the corner of the couch as she leans back into me. The bond that we share has only grown tighter through the years. She's always been so honest with me; she's an open book. I try to be just as open as she is with me, but there are some things that are just too difficult to admit-even to myself-but she's my family. She's the one person I know I can always depend on to be there for me because she always has been.

"So what's Kimber up to tonight?" I ask.

As she scoots around to get comfortable, she tells me, "She's at home with some of her girlfriends just hanging out."

"You're so anti-social," I tease with a soft laugh.

"No, I'm not," she responds with mock defensiveness and pinches my side when she continues, "I'm here with you, aren't I?"

"You're either with me or Kimber. That's it."

Shifting to her side, she sets her glass down on the coffee table and inches her way down on me, laying her head on my lap.

"Her friends are annoying. And you know I don't really like being around a whole bunch of people anyway."

"I know. I'm just giving you a hard time, sweetie," I say quietly, knowing that this is how she's always been.

"Plus, I spent the other evening with Kaleb."

I laugh at her, and joke, "Your date that you didn't even like? That hardly counts."

"It counts," she tries to defend, but it's lost on me.

Finishing my beer, I set the bottle next to her glass and slide down so we are face to face. "So, what was it about this one that you didn't like?"

"We just didn't have anything in common."

"You say that about all of them."

Letting out a sigh and closing her eyes, she says, "I know. I just ... I have a hard time looking at guys that way."

"You wanna know what I think?" I ask, and she opens her eyes to look at me again. "I think you don't know how to accept or give affection because you've never had it. Your parents never gave it to you, therefore you never learned how to give it."

"But I accept it from you," she whispers.

"You do, but I don't think you view me as someone who would ever hurt you."

Candace looks down for a minute before returning to my eyes. "Is that a bad thing?"

Kissing her forehead, I wrap my arms around her and whisper, "No, but it does prevent you from having other real relationships."

"And what about you?"

"What about me?"

"Well, aren't you doing the same thing?"

She's right. Except now I find myself wanting to change that. I surprised myself when I told Mark about my sister this morning when I don't talk to anyone about that stuff. There is something different about him that makes me want to be different with him. But I don't want to tell Candace. I'm not really sure what I'm doing, but I don't think I'm ready to reveal to her that I might want something more with him. So I simply say, "Yeah, sweetie, I am."

She looks up at me as I give her a quick peck and then rolls over on her other side so that she can continue watching her show. I lie behind her, combing her long, thick brown hair with my fingers as thoughts of Mark start to flood my mind.

Chapter four

"Jase, are you coming out with me tonight?"

Looking up at Kimber, who is standing in Candace's doorway, I say, "I don't think so."

"Are you serious? Why the hell not?" she barks as she sits down next to me while I lie on Candace's bed.

Propping my hands behind my head, I tell her, "I'm supposed to be meeting a friend later."

"What friend?" Candace asks as she walks out of her bathroom. She makes her way over to her dance bag and takes out her ballet shoes to start powdering them.

"So, I've been watching you do this routine with those damn shoes for years and have never had a clue why you douse those things in powder."

She looks up at me and says, "Because your feet sweat when you dance and the powder absorbs it. It also keeps the shoes from smelling like crap."

"Ahhh."

"Don't change the subject on me. Who are you seeing tonight?"

"Mark."

"You're going out with him again?" Candace asks in surprise and then Kimber pipes up and adds, "That guy from the other night?"

Looking between the both of them, I answer, "Yes, and yes."

"You're such a slut!"

I just laugh at Kimber.

"I didn't know you were seeing him," Candace says as she stands up and starts walking into her closet.

"I'm not seeing him. We're just hanging out, that's all." But I know that's really not all. It's not like we're dating or anything-we are in fact just hanging out-but a part of me really does want more.

Kimber jabs me in my ribs. "Fine, ditch me for ass."

Laughing at her, I tease, "Has anyone ever told you how delicate your mouth is?"

Hopping off the bed, she kisses the air while flipping me off. When she walks out of the room, I continue to laugh at her crudeness as I hear her call from down the hall, "Text me later, bitch."

Walking out of the closet, Candace strips out of her sweaty dance clothes and throws on a pair of shorts and a t-shirt. She turns to me and lies down beside me.

I wrap my arms around her when she softly questions, "Do you like him?"

"We're just grabbing coffee, that's all."

A few moments later, I feel my phone vibrate in my back pocket. Candace giggles and she reaches under me to retrieve it. When she hands it to me, I swipe the screen to see the missed text from Mark.

"I gotta run. He's leaving campus now."

"Okay. You wanna spend the night here tonight?"

"Yeah, I'll text you when I'm on my way," I say as I get off the bed. I lean back down and kiss her cheek before I leave.

Walking into Cafe Allegro, I see Mark standing at the counter chatting with one of the staff. I step up next to him and he says, "Oh, hey. Jase, this is Nathaniel."

I nod my head, and Nathaniel reaches over the counter to shake my hand. He's an older guy with a bit of a gnarly look about him. "Nice to meet you," I say.

"Any friend of Mark's is a friend of mine."

Mark laughs and tells me, "He owns this place."

"Thirty-seven years," he proudly says.

We visit for a couple of minutes, and then Nathaniel makes our drinks before we find an empty table to sit down at.

"Did you get your schedule fixed?" I ask him.

"Yeah, I really wanted to get into Gibson's studio, but when I first went to register, it was full. But I hopped online the other day and saw that someone had dropped and there was a seat open."

"Gibson's Tuesday/Thursday studio?" I ask.

Taking a sip of his coffee, he sets the mug down and says, "Yeah."

"That's my studio."

"Really? That's cool. Yeah, originally I was signed up for Professor Walter's."

"Oh, man, he's so traditional. I had him sophomore year, and he criticized everything I did. He was a dick about it too."

"Well, since we have our capstone this year, I really wanted Gibson 'cause our design styles are similar."

We wind up hanging out for over an hour, drinking coffee and talking about school. Afterwards, he invites me to come back to his house, so we head out and I follow him in my car as we drive to his place.

Mark rents a nice two-story house that's not too far from campus. When we walk in, there is a guy standing in the kitchen.

"Hey, Kyle. You heading out?" Mark asks.

"Yeah, some guys I know are throwing a party," he says and looks at me. "I'm Kyle, Mark's roommate."

Before I can say anything, Mark says, "Oh, sorry, this is Jase."

"Good to meet you. I gotta run though."

"Yeah, nice to meet you too," I respond as he takes his keys and heads out the door.

Turning to me, Mark nods his head for me to follow him. We walk through his house and when we turn into his room, I don't even wait to grab his arm and pull him into me, crashing my mouth against his.

Mark slides his hand behind my neck and holds me close as he starts to step us back toward his bed. He breaks the kiss when he lies down, and I crawl on top of him. Lowering my head, I take my time when I kiss him again. He rakes his fingers through the hair on the back of my head. Pushing my tongue past his lips, I slide it against his, tasting him, before pulling back and gently biting his bottom lip.

His touch is hot when he runs his hand up under my shirt, and my abs tighten at the excitement of being with him in this way. I lower my mouth to his neck and drag my lips up, kissing him behind his ear. When his hand grazes over my chest, I sit back on my knees and reach over my head, tugging my shirt off. Mark sits up, removing his shirt as well.

He looks so goddamn hot, staring up at me. His chest is defined, and his abs are sculpted with deep cuts. I begin to swell up and grow hard as I watch him beneath me. Wrapping his arms around me, he brings me back down, and I try to relieve a little of my ache as I grind my hips into him. I can feel that he is just as hard as I am, which does nothing but turn me on even more. Our breathing is labored, and I want him so bad right now. Sliding my hand down his stomach, feeling each groove of his muscles, I don't stop when I hit his pants. Resting my forehead against his, I slip my hand under his waistband and grip him tightly in my hand.

Mark lets out a low growl at my touch, and I push myself into him again, needing more relief. Before I can move my hand, he grips my wrist and says, "Wait."

I pull my head back and take my hand off of him. "What's wrong," I pant.

He scoots back, and I roll onto my side when he says, "Look, I really like you, but I've heard a little about your reputation from a couple guys at school. You need to know that I'm not like that. I don't do the whole casual thing. I just want to make sure we're on the same page here."

I look into his eyes, not quite sure of what to say. I have only ever been casual with guys. Hell, even before I was with guys, I was only a fleeting moment with girls as well. I've never really looked beyond that. I go ahead and admit, "I like you ... a lot," but I'm not sure I'm on the same page as him. It's unexplored territory for me, and something about being in an actual relationship with another man freaks me out a bit.

My mind starts to spin, and now I'm questioning if this is really me. Am I ready to do this? Am I ready to be defined in this way? I haven't even come out to my parents. Anxiety and fear begin to rush through me, and I suddenly need space.

"Maybe we should take a breather tonight before we take things too fast," I tell him.

Nodding his head, he says, "Yeah, I agree."

I reach around his neck and draw him in for a slow kiss. I can't deny how good he feels and how good I feel when I'm with him. I want him, but I'm scared shitless at the same time.

When Mark breaks the kiss, he asks, "Can I see you Saturday?"

"Yeah." Apart from being so unsure about our relationship, one thing I am sure of is that I have to see him again.

Stripping down to my boxers, I slide into bed with Candace. Lying behind her, I tuck her tightly against me. I'm conflicted in my thoughts about Mark, but I don't reveal these worries to her. I simply absorb the comfort she gives me just by being with her.

"So what did you guys do?" she whispers into the darkness.

"We grabbed coffee. That's all." I want to tell her. I want her to know my fears, but for some reason, I can't get enough courage to go there yet.

"You gonna see him again?"

"Probably not," I lie, and I have no idea why. Why am I doing this? It's Candace. She would never judge me; I know this. Why am I acting like such a pu**y about this?

Snapping me out of my self-destructive thoughts, she says, "We're hopeless, huh?"

I hear her giggle under her breath when I kiss the top of her head and agree. "Totally hopeless."

Lacing her fingers with mine over the top of my hand, she sighs as she softens into me. I lie there in her bed, listening to her breathing slowly leveling out as she drifts off to sleep. Emotions begin to well up inside of me as I try and sort through my thoughts.

I like Mark, there is no doubt about that, but the anxiety I've had since we started spending more time together is stirring up this shame I thought I had let go of. I've been fine just playing the field and having fun, not bothering to question myself or what this all really means. This is almost too much for me to deal with. I thought that maybe I was ready for this; I thought I knew who I was, but it turns out, I'm still confused as shit.

Chapter five

Tossing my gym bag into the back of my SUV, I text Mark when I hop in and shut the door.

On my way.

After the other night, Mark had called and wanted to hit the gym with me. I probably shouldn't have agreed; I know he wants something more than what I think I'm able to give him-what I know I'm not able to give him. But I can't help the feelings that overwhelm me every time I talk to him, or hell, even think about him. So when he called and suggested getting together, I couldn't say no.

Hey, I'm running late. Meet me at my house and we can ride together. Kyle is home.

Okay. See you in a bit.

When I arrive at Mark's house, Kyle answers the door and lets me in.

"Hey, man. Mark just called and said he was on his way."

"Oh, okay," I say as I follow him into the living room. "What are you up to today?"

"Nothing really. Just hanging out, watching TV," he says as he picks up his beer from the coffee table and sits back on the couch.

I sit down next to him as he starts flipping through the channels and asks, "What are you guys going to go do?"

"Gonna hit the gym for a couple hours."

Taking a swig of his beer, he stays focused on the TV when he asks, "So you guys dating?"

"No," I answer way too quickly. God, why can't I face this? Why can't I just be comfortable enough to say yes?

Tipping his head to look at me, he smirks and repeats, "No?"

I know that look. I give that look. A lot. When his eyes shift to my mouth, I suddenly feel like I'm back in my all-too-familiar territory, so I maintain, "No," with a slight shake of my head.

Meeting my eyes again, I know what he's thinking. Knowing Mark is on his way home, and as much as I like him, these feelings I'm starting to have for him bring up all the shit I don't like to think about. Being numb and emotionless with guys is just easier, so I take this bait as an easy out from my conflicting situation with Mark. When Kyle leans in, I take the rope he is offering and hang myself.

I kiss him.

Grabbing his face with my hands, I tangle my lips with his, knowing that once Mark walks through that door it will all be over, and I can bury this self-hatred that only he has been able to dig up.

There is nothing behind this kiss aside from pure destruction. I feel sick to my stomach, and when Kyle thrusts his tongue in my mouth, I'm consumed with guilt. But I don't stop. Instead, I push him down and hover over him. He's running his hand up my shirt, and I don't stop kissing him when I hear the door open. My stomach sinks when Mark's voice pulls Kyle away from me.

"What the f**k are you doing?"

"Shit, man," Kyle says as he jumps off the couch.

I know what I've done, and really, there is nothing I can say. So I don't speak. I get off the couch and walk to the kitchen to get my car keys.

"You're not gonna say anything?" Mark questions as I walk past him. He's visibly pissed, just as I expected. He isn't like me; I know that.

Grabbing my keys, I walk to the door as he persists, "Jase! What the hell, man?"

I can't f**kin' look at him. I feel like complete ass for what I just did, but I'm a coward. He doesn't deserve it; he's better off without me anyway, so I leave. I walk out the door and straight to my car without ever looking back at him. I hate myself for this. All that anguish I've been hiding so well finally surfaces, and I f**kin' lose it. The tears that are blurring my eyes spill over, and I slam my fists into the steering wheel as I speed back to my apartment. I can't even begin to sort my thoughts out. Hopeless-Candace said it the other night, and I couldn't agree more right now. Why can't this be easy? Why do I have to be this way? I can't stand this shit.

I hate that I just hurt Mark. The first guy-the only guy-that I've ever had real feelings for and I destroyed it before I gave it a chance. What the hell is wrong with me? Trying to understand why I hate myself so much is ever consuming, and I honestly don't think I am strong enough to handle the reality of it. So I let the animosity eat at my flesh, right down to my bones.

When I walk into my apartment, I get a beer and go lie down in my bed. My phone chimes, and I'm scared to look at the text message that I'm sure is from Mark. Reaching over, I pick it up and swipe the screen. I sigh in relief when I see it's from Candace.

Getting off work soon. Can I stop by later?

Feeling like a total dick, I don't want to see anyone right now. I love her, but I can't talk to her. I can barely stand being in the presence of my own thoughts. Here I believed, for the past three years, that I've been an openly g*y man, but truth is, I'm still hiding. I didn't see it until Mark came along. He made me realize just how scared of these feelings I actually am. I don't want a relationship with him because I'm afraid that will make it too real for me. Define me. Gay. Fag. Queer. Fuck. Am I ready for that?

Is this the life that I'm meant to have? No woman? No wife? Immediately, I know that it is. I have never been attracted to women the way I have always been to men. I know I could never have those feelings for a girl. I've only ever wanted guys. It seems so easy for Mark to be who he is, as if it doesn't even phase him. Doesn't even bother him. I wonder if it ever has.

I pick up my beer and down it. Getting up, I walk back to the kitchen and just grab the whole pack and bring it back into my bedroom. I open another bottle before finally texting Candace back.

I'm out. Maybe tomorrow?

I can't deal with this right now. I have no idea what I'm doing and feel more confused than ever. Lost.

"Can I get my tab, man?" I ask as one of the bartenders passes by.

Moping around my apartment after what I did to Mark this afternoon was driving me crazy, so I decided to walk to 9 Million, a local bar in my neighborhood. It's getting late, and I'm about to hit my limit with alcohol.

Sitting here alone, trying to think about anything other than what a total dick I am has proven to be harder than what I was hoping. What the hell is wrong with me? I'm sick of the self-pity, wondering why I have to deal with all of this. Why can't my life just be simple-simple choices. Hell, who am I even kidding? I know this isn't a choice. I wish it were. None of this would even be an issue if I were just straight. Maybe I was better off just being numb, taking what I wanted from guys and not having to worry about what it all means for me.

"Here you go," the bartender says as he hands me my receipt.

I don't even look at it; I just hand him my credit card and turn around in my seat. It's a busy night and people are packed in here. Everyone seems so carefree-happy even. I'm envious of them.

Before I turn back in my seat to finish off my drink, I spot familiar tattoos on arms I vaguely remember. Making his way through the crowd, I definitely recognize his face as he pins his eyes on me and approaches. What's his name? I can hardly filter through my intoxicated brain to remember who this guy is.

I swallow the last of my beer when he leans onto the crowded bar top and says, "Jase. It's been a while, mate."

His Australian accent is his tell and it clicks. "Hey, Preston."

"Haven't seen you around lately. You just disappeared on me."

I disappear on almost all the guys I hookup with, and Preston is no different. In fact, this was the very bar I met him in the night we messed around several months back.

"Didn't disappear. Just been busy," I respond, not really in the mood to talk.

When the bartender hands me back my card, I stand up, shoving it into my pocket.

"You headed out?"

His accent is more than appealing, then I remember how even more appealing it was in bed. No question, this guy is hot with his short, messy hair, hard build, and the almost cryptic winged tattoo I know is splayed across his shoulders underneath his shirt. Needing to dull the anguish in my head, I find myself return to my not-so-old habit. "Yeah. Wanna come with?"

We head out into the Seattle mist and walk the couple blocks to my building, staggering as Preston drones on about whatever it is he's talking about. I can't focus because my mind is still with Mark. I need to rid the thoughts of him; they're only making me feel worse.

It's not long before we step into my apartment. I toss my keys towards the coffee table with shoddy aim and hear them hit the floor as I walk to my room. Preston follows and when I clamber into bed, I look up to see him stripping off his shirt before he climbs on top of me.

I'm a fumbling mess, trying to remove my shirt, needing to move quickly in an attempt to clear my head. He doesn't seem to want to waste any time either when he pulls my pants off and tosses them across the dark room. His kisses are rough and aggressive, and I find it distracting because it's such a contrast to Mark. God, stop thinking about him.

Returning Preston's intensity, I flip him over, tear open a condom, and almost immediately find myself regretting this hookup when I slam myself inside of him. This used to be fun, but now it feels wrong. I grip his shoulders, and my emotions start to spin out of control until irritation pervades.

Frustration takes over, and I can't do this. I don't want to do this. Quickly, I push off of him and fall on my back onto the bed. "You need to go," I pant out.

"What the hell's your problem?" he snaps back, and when he does, I roll out of bed, rip off the wasted condom, and yank my boxers on.

"Just get out," I throw over my shoulder as I walk out of the room and to the kitchen in search of some aspirin. I used to be able to do this, no problem. Pushing feelings aside, and just taking the moment to be in a place of pure physical indulgence. It hits hard when realization affirms that this isn't what I want. It's him. How could I be so stupid-weak? Why is it that Mark, in an instant, made everything I thought I knew about myself irrelevant?

"This is really f**ked up, you know?" Preston slings with ill temper as he walks into the living room, and I can't blame him; I'm an ass.

I can't say anything else, so I just agree. "Yeah, I know," I mumble before taking another sip of my water, back towards him.

"What, you can f**k me but you won't look at me?" he yells, becoming more pissed.

"It doesn't even matter," I say in a low, defeated voice as I turn to face him. And to me, he doesn't matter. I'm not even sure I matter.

His words are mixed with threat when he laughs and says, "It doesn't matter to you now," before slamming the door behind him.

My phone reads that it's a little after two in the afternoon when I pick it up off my nightstand. Running my hand down my scruffy jaw, thoughts of what happened last night run through my still sleep-induced head. How is it possible that I feel even worse than I did yesterday?

I should have accepted Candace's offer to come over last night; it would have saved me from making a complete ass of myself. I'd much rather be waking up with her than alone in the bed where I completely used Preston when all I really wanted was to go back in time and erase screwing things up with Mark. And now-now all I want is her. Truth is, I need her, and I know her well enough to know she won't pry. With Candace, I'll be able to relax a bit; she has a way about her that, no matter what, just makes me feel good.

Can you come over?

After I text her, I drag myself out of bed and into the kitchen to mix up some Gatorade. My phone chimes with Candace's incoming text.

Heading to the studio. Everything ok?

Yeah, just want to spend time with you.

See you in a few hours?

Sounds good.

Knowing that she'll be coming over, I force myself to pull it together. If she saw me like this, she'd worry too much, and I don't want her to worry. So I decide that tonight will be like any other night for the two of us. We'll hang out, cook, and just relax ... God, I need to find a way to relax.

I decide to forego the self-loathing and hit the pavement for a much-needed run and try to do some productive thinking for a change. I toss back my Gatorade, chugging it before throwing on some clothes and heading out.

I run around Fremont before drifting into the surrounding neighborhoods. Pushing myself, my mind starts to drift again, but this time, I try and focus my thoughts on how to make this right. What I did to Mark was wrong, no question about it. But if I'm ever going to get to a place where I can stop living a lie and face the truth that deep down I know is me, I need to do something. I am so damn torn up about Mark. Why did I have to be such an idiot?

I think about what my parents would say if they knew. What would they do? Pounding my feet against the ground, I take long strides as the thought of baring myself to my parents sends chills through my ragged body while sweat trails down my back.

Fuck that. It will never happen. I just need to get away-get out of Seattle for a while and get some space away from this mess. As much as I don't want to, I do need to go back home. Check in with my parents. It's been almost eight months since I went back. We haven't spoken in a couple of months, so just the phone call alone will be uncomfortable. I know they'll leave me alone for the most part, and that's really what I need right now. Space. Get out in the ocean and do some surfing, maybe hang out with some of my old buddies.

Calling my mom was awkward, as predicted since we go long spans of time without speaking. She was a little surprised when I asked if I could come home for a visit. When they said it would be fine, and that they would be there, we decided I would leave at the end of this week and spend a few days with them.

Once that conversation was over, I ran down to the market on the ground floor of my apartment building. I decided to cook fajitas for Candace tonight. Cooking has always been my thing; I love it and find myself cooking for her a lot, since she is normally a bottomless pit. She's a dance major at UW and spends hours in the studio nearly seven days a week, so she always has an appetite when I cook for her since her idea of cooking is grabbing an apple from her fridge.

As I'm slicing the peppers, I hear a knock on my door.

"It's open," I holler.

Her hair is still in a bun when she opens the door and walks in.

"Hey, you mind if I take a quick shower? I came straight from the studio."

"Go ahead. Dinner will be ready soon."

Walking into the kitchen, she kisses my cheek and says, "That smells so good. I'm starving."

"Hurry up then."

"Okay, give me ten minutes," she says as she rushes off to the bathroom.

While she showers, I finish chopping the peppers and onions, and toss the sirloin into the skillet of hot oil. When I take the last heated tortilla from one of the skillets, I place it in the oven and look up to see Candace walking in, wearing a pair of my boxers and a t-shirt.

"What are you making?"

Turning off the stove, I pull out two plates as I say, "Fajitas. I made a lot, so you better be hungry."

She laughs and picks out a bottle of wine for us. Once we have our plates made and drinks in hand, we make ourselves comfortable on the couch.

"So what's bothering you?" Candace asks, catching me off guard.

"What are you talking about?"

"I see it in your face. I know you well enough to know when something is weighing on your mind," she says and then takes a bite of her food.

What's weighing on my mind the most is Mark, but I appease her with saying, "I called my mom today."

"Really?" She's surprised. She knows we don't talk and barely even have a relationship. "What did you guys talk about?"

"Nothing really, but I'm going back home for a quick visit at the end of this week."

Setting her tortilla down, she gives me a curious look and asks, "Why?"

"I haven't seen my parents since last Christmas. We just thought it was time for a visit."

"Are you worried at all ... I mean, being back home when you guys are so distant with each other?"

Taking a sip of my wine, I say, "It's not like it'll be different than any other trip back home."

"True. I just worry, that's all."

"I know you do, but it's just a short visit to catch up." I don't tell her the real reason why I'm going because I'm not sure I'm ready to admit all of my insecurities to her just yet. I don't even want to admit them to myself, but I hate keeping secrets from her; she's my best friend.

"When do you leave?"

"I booked my flight for Wednesday."

"You want me to drive you to the airport?"

"No, I'm just gonna leave my car there. Who knows if I'll come home early or not, but if I do, I want to have my car."

Setting her plate down, she shifts to face me. "What's really going on?" she questions.

"Nothing, but I've told you about my parents. I just don't want anything to keep me from coming back here in case I want to leave."

Letting out a deep sigh, she says, "Okay, well, when are you supposed to be back?"

"Saturday."

"I feel like there's something you're not telling me."

Setting down my plate, I pull her next to me, and we lean back on the couch. "You know I love you, right?"

She doesn't speak; she just nods her head against my chest.

"Let's not talk about my parents anymore, okay?"

Looking up at me, she grins and says, "Okay. I'm sorry."

"Don't be. I like that you worry about me." I kiss the top of her head and promise myself that I will tell her everything when I can find a way.

Chapter six

The two and a half hour flight to San Diego felt like time was standing still. But as soon as the plane landed, it suddenly felt all too short. My father was already there waiting to drive me back to the home I grew up in. Mom had stayed behind, and when we arrived, we said our uncomfortable greetings before she went back to doing whatever she was doing before I walked through the front door.

Tossing my bag in my bedroom, I take out my phone to call Candace and let her know I made it. She can't talk long, so we cut it short, and I tell her that I might be out of pocket for the next few days so she won't worry if she doesn't hear from me.

This house feels exactly the same. Nothing ever changes. It's like my parents have been put on pause ever since Jace died five years ago. Like suddenly the world stopped spinning. I walk down the hall to her room and open the door. Everything is still untouched. Photos still displayed on her pinboard above her desk of her and her boyfriend. She really loved him. They had both been accepted to Cal State. She was so happy that they were going together, and I was happy that she would be less than two hours away from me. I close the door on those memories, head back to my room, and lie on my bed.

I miss her. I miss her so damn much. I think the reason I am bonded so tightly with Candace is because she reminds me a lot of my sister. Sometimes, I swear Jace gave her to me so I would always have a piece of her with me.

I swallow hard and slide off the bed. I've got to get out of here for a while. Packing up my wetsuit, I head downstairs and borrow the keys to my father's truck. I load up my shortboard and head down to the beach. I need some space to clear my head.

I spend most of the afternoon in the water, but La Jolla is a small town, so it isn't long before I run into some of my buddies I went to high school with. They're home from college for the summer, and I don't get home till late.

The next two days pass by with me dodging my parents. I fill most of my time at the beach, surfing, and hanging out with old friends. Last night, a few of us went to a local bar to hear a couple of bands play.

But now, here I am. I have six hours until my flight leaves to take me back to Seattle, and I feel no better about the mess I caused with Mark than I did when I got here. I find myself wandering down to my sister's room. Walking in, I go over to her dresser and pull out a small photo album she had made of the two of us. She was going to take it to college with her. I look at these pictures every time I come home. I sit on the floor and lean my back against her bed. Flipping the album open, I look at a photo of her and I together on the beach. My eyes are the same light golden color as hers, and as her eyes bore into me, I wonder what she would tell me to do.

I just want to be happy; I don't want to feel ashamed or embarrassed. Because I feel this way, I screwed up something that had the potential to be good. I know Jace would want me to be happy. She wouldn't want me to be carrying around this secret. Maybe that's it. Maybe this lie needs to end where it began. Here. My sister would want me to be honest with my parents, but it's more than that. I think she would want me to finally be brave enough to be honest with myself.

What do I really have to lose by telling them? It isn't as if we speak; we don't. Ever since Jace died, I've been nothing but an afterthought for them, and they hardly even acknowledge me.

Coming out to my parents may be just the thing I need to do to erase this gray haze I've been living in. The reality of being out with my parents might be my defining moment ... my freeing moment.

As much as the thought of having that conversation with my parents terrifies me, I think it's time that it happens.

I focus in on my sister's eyes in the photo, and I know she'd have my back no matter what, but I fear that telling my parents could possibly be the end of my family. They are all I have, and I'm pretty sure when I get on the plane to go back to Seattle, I will be going back to the only thing I have left in the world-Candace.

My mind is in overdrive, dreading and fearing what I am about to tell my parents. I think about Mark; honestly, I can't stop thinking about him. I want to call him. I want to explain why I did what I did.

Standing up, I walk over to the dresser and slip the album back into the drawer. I turn around and stare at her bed while I try and muster up all the strength that I feel is failing me in this moment. Jace would tell me to do this. She wouldn't want me to hurt, and right now, that's all I'm feeling. For many reasons.

My stomach is in knots, and I feel sick as I start walking out of the room. Making my way down the stairs, I feel like I am losing control with each step I take. What they say or do is completely out of my hands, and I'm scared. I don't want to hurt them, but I don't want to hurt myself more than I already have. I hate feeling the shame and embarrassment. I hate the lies. I hate that these feelings caused me to hurt a really decent guy who didn't deserve my shit.

When I walk into the living room, my mother is reading a book on the couch next to my father, who is working on his laptop. Taking a deep breath and trying to grab on to any shred of courage I can find, I sit down in one of the chairs that's across from where my parents are sitting.

Looking up, my mother acknowledges me and says, "Hi, dear."

"Hey, Mom. Umm, listen ... I need to talk to you guys about something," I stammer out, and I can't believe I am about to tell them this. My hands are shaking and my heart is beating at an insanely rapid rate.

"Is everything okay, son?" my father says as he closes the lid to his laptop.

"Yeah, I mean, no." I take a second to try and compose my thoughts, but they are all over the place, and I can't seem to find a coherent one floating around my head. "It's just ... something has been bothering me, and I think you should know."

My mother sets her book down on her lap and focuses on me. "Is everything okay at school?"

"Yeah, it's not that. School is fine." I take a deep breath and let it out slowly. I know the words I need to say, so with my head down, I repeat them over and over in my mind, trying to force my mouth to actually speak them. I'm g*y. I'm g*y. I'm g*y. Lifting my head up, I look to my mother. "I'm g*y." Fuck! I take that back. God, why did I just tell them?

"I'm sorry, what?" my mother says with her brows cinched together in confusion.

God, don't make me say it again.

"What did you just say?" My father speaks in a tone that's none too friendly.

Looking between them, I swallow against my dry throat and repeat, "I'm g*y."

"Is this your idea of a sick joke?" my father says with harsh intent, and I know what's coming. I knew they wouldn't be happy. I knew I'd most likely lose them. But the reality of it feeds the anger within me, and I can feel it boiling inside.

"No, it's not a joke."

"I don't understand. You've always liked girls. In high school, you were always dating," my mother says.

"I know, Mom, but I have always liked guys more."

"Enough," my father snaps. He stands and begins to quickly pace back and forth across the room, rubbing his head and staring at me with fury. Stopping in front of me, he seethes, "No son of mine is a faggot. I don't know what the hell is going on, but I've heard enough."

His words sting. "I had to tell you; I'm sick of lying about who I am. I needed you to know so that I can stop hiding."

"But, you haven't actually ... well, I mean ..." my mother can't get her thoughts out when my dad butts in.

"God, of course not, Sharon!"

His condescending tone is fueling me to throw it all out there. Standing up, I snap. "What? Kissed a guy? Slept with a guy? Yes."

"Get out of my house," my father demands in a low stern voice.

I look to my mother, who is sitting there in shock. With her eyes fixed on me, she shakes her head and says, "Listen to your father." Tears begin to fall down her cheeks as she stands next to my dad and continues, "I thought losing your sister was bad, but you ... knowing that you're going to hell, come in here and shame what's left of this family ..."

"You need to get your things and go. Until you can sort yourself out, you're not welcome in this house. You hear me?"

"I'm your son!"

"No. You're not. Not anymore," he asserts sternly.

I don't say another word. There is nothing for me to say. Why would I want to beg these people to accept me? Why should I have to? I turn around and walk back upstairs to my room to pack my bags and call a cab. Pain rips through my chest, knowing that I've just lost the only family I have. It's another burden I'll have to carry with this life that chose me. I've always blamed the lack of love they have for me on the agony of losing their daughter. But now I know, that regardless of whether Jace was dead or alive, they still wouldn't accept me for who I really am.

I walk down the hall to her room and open the door. I go into her closet and take her La Jolla High cheerleading shirt she always used to wear. Closing the door, I walk over to her dresser, open the top drawer, and grab the photo album.

Taking both of these items, I walk back to my room and pack them into my bag. I just can't walk away from here without taking pieces of her with me. I zip my bag and let my fears, my worries, my sadness rip out of me. I sit on the floor, against my bed, and the tears fall. I'm so f**kin' lost right now. I don't know what to do or where I belong. I feel like everything is crashing down on top of me, and the pain in my chest is almost unbearable.

With my head in my hands, I cry. Being in this house is agonizing. What once held good memories, now only holds burning ones. Knowing my cab will be here any minute, I take my bags and head downstairs. My parents are still in the living room, and they don't even look up when I walk through and make my way to the front door. It's as if I don't even exist.

I'm thoroughly drained when I finally get off the plane and get to my car. As weak as it sounds, I just want to go back to the only home I know. I just want to crawl into bed with her and tell her all this shit and let it out, knowing that she loves me regardless of anything I could possibly say.

I shove my luggage into the back and slide into the driver's seat. When I turn my phone on, I see I have a missed text from Candace.

Heading out for a few hours. Come by later. Dying to see you.

Knowing that she thought about me enough to even send this text is all I need. I breathe in a sigh of relief and head straight to her house when I see that the text was sent a couple hours ago. Even if she isn't home yet, hopefully Kimber will be. I just need my friends right now.

I stop by the liquor store first and pick up some wine before driving to their place. When I pull up, Kimber's car and Candace's little white Acura are in the driveway. I've always had a key to their house, so I don't even bother ringing the doorbell. I just unlock the door and walk right in.

"Hey, girls," I call out, and before I can make it to the kitchen to set the wine down, Candace runs into the living room and gives me a big hug. God, this feels good. It's only been a few days, but I've missed her like hell. She looks up at me, and with a huge smile on her face, she gives me a kiss and takes the wine. Kimber steps in and wraps her arms around me as I watch Candace walk into the kitchen.

Kimber starts chatting about some band she saw last night as I make myself comfortable on the couch. Candace walks back into the room and sits on the floor, opening the wine and pouring herself a glass.

Looking up at me, she hands me the bottle and asks, "So how was your trip to San Diego?"

Pouring my wine, I say, "It was good. I hung out with friends, went out to a few bars, and saw some bands. You know, the usual visit home." I don't tell her what really happened because I want to talk to her about it in private, away from Kimber. Not that I won't tell her, but I just want to talk with Candace first.

"Well, we're glad you're back," Candace says with a smile and then takes a sip of her wine.

"You have no idea how happy I am to be back," I say in all seriousness.

"Man, was it that bad, Jase?" Kimber asks.

"It's just not home to me anymore. Plus, I missed you bitches." I laugh in an attempt to shift my mood from its current somber one. "So, what have I missed?" I ask and then down my wine faster than I should, but I'm desperate to take the edge off.

"Well, Candace is dating a douche from Mommy and Daddy's country club," Kimber says as she winks at Candace.

"I am not!" she practically squeals, and I really do wonder what the hell I've missed in the past few days. Candace looks at me and explains, "We went out for drinks. That's all."

"Are you seeing him again?" Kimber questions, teasing Candace, and I can tell she's getting under her skin.

"You're seeing him again?" I ask in utter shock. Who is she giving a second date to? "Wait, who's him? Who are you seeing?"

"No. I mean, yes. God, really, it's no big deal."

"Must be if he's getting a second date," I say as I take another drink. "Is that where you were earlier? On your date?"

"Uh huh," she nods.

"Where did you guys go? You never told me," Kimber asks as she folds her legs underneath her.

"We went to Prescriptions."

"I love that place," Kimber says. "Anyway. New subject. What the hell are we doing this week before classes start back up?"

"I have some serious studio time I need to put in. I also have to work."

"You always keep yourself so busy," I say. I wish that she wouldn't. I feel like Candace hides too much behind her school and work.

We kick back for a while, and I enjoy this much-needed distraction from what happened earlier today. We talk about school and what our schedules are going to be like this next quarter. I can tell that Candace is tired, so when Kimber and I decide to turn on the TV, I tell Candace, "Come here, sweetie," as I motion for her to sit next to me.

Kimber turns on some trash show and Candace lies down with her head on my lap. I comb her hair with my fingers as I sit back and only half pay attention to the TV. After a while, I look down, and Candace is passed out.

"Is she asleep?" Kimber whispers in my direction, and I nod my head yes.

I let her sleep for a little bit longer before I decide to go lay her down.

"I'll be right back. I'm gonna try and get her to her room without waking her," I tell Kimber.

"Okay. I'll go grab the other bottle of wine."

I nod my head and scoop Candace up in my arms. This chick is tiny and barely weighs anything, so getting her into her bed is no problem. She's already in her pajamas, so I lie her down and pull the covers over her before heading back out to the living room.

Kimber and I drink the second bottle of wine, and wind up hanging for a couple more hours. When she passes out on the couch, I head to Candace's room and strip out of my clothes. Sliding into bed behind her, I wrap my arms around her and draw her in close to me. She presses into me, tucking herself tighter against my chest.

"Did I wake you?" I whisper.

"Yeah, but it's okay," she says softly. "What time is it?"

"Around two. You passed out, so I carried you in here and hung out with Kimber for a while longer."

"Is she asleep?"

"Yeah, and snoring like a beast." Candace laughs, and the sound makes me crack up as well.

She rolls over and lays her head on my chest, and I band my arms tightly around her. I feel like I'm clinging to the only person I have left to depend on.

"So, why did your trip really suck? I know something's bothering you," she questions, and I love that she can read me so well.

I let out a deep breath and say, "I told them."

Her grip on me tightens. "What did they say?"

"They threw me out." When I tell her, my chest begins to ache, and each breath I take almost feels like painful stabs.

I know she is crying when I feel her tears roll onto my chest. I hate that she's hurting for me, but in a way, it comforts me to know she cares so much.

"I'm so sorry. Why didn't you call me?"

"I don't know. I was embarrassed, I guess. I haven't told anyone what happened. I don't want the pity."

"You know I don't pity you, right?"

"Yeah," I whisper and kiss the top of her head, feeling a little more free now that I've told her. I know I have a lot more to tell her, but I won't tonight. I don't want to make her more upset, and honestly, I just don't think I have it in me right now. I'm tired and have had way too much to drink.

"I'm sad because I love you. When your heart hurts, so does mine. Your pain is my pain."

Each of her words lifts more and more weight off my chest. We lie there and I just hold her.

"You know this is your home, don't you? Right here with me. Kimber and I are your home. And we don't give a shit that you like guys."

I kiss the top of her head again, and she grips me even tighter. I allow her words to comfort me, the words I wish my parents would've said. The heat of my tears roll down my temples, and I try to keep my emotions under control so she can't see how upset I really am.

"Jase?" she finally whispers.

"Yeah, sweetie?"

"I love you."

"I love you, too." More than anything in this world.

Chapter seven

I haven't spent much time with Candace this past week. She's been picking up a lot of extra shifts at work and spending more time in the dance studio before classes start back up next week. I've been dreading having to face Mark since we have a couple of classes together this quarter. I think about him a lot and feel terrible for what I did. I've thought about texting him, but have no clue what I could possibly say at this point.

Since I came back home, I haven't spoken to my parents, so I can only assume they meant what they said. It hurts. It hurts to know that I might never see or speak to them again. I just don't understand how you can turn your back so easily on your child. It makes me think that everything with them, all of the good, was nothing but a lie. Maybe that's where I learned it from. Maybe pretending comes so easily to me because it's all my parents ever did.

I don't really know what I gained from telling them. It didn't give me what I was hoping for. I'm not sure what it'll take or what I have to do to be more at peace with myself. I've been trying to keep busy so my mind doesn't wander too much. I've been spending a lot of time in the gym and running.

I was shocked when Candace said that she was coming out with Kimber and me tonight. She never goes out with us, but lately, she's been coming out of her shell a little more. I think all the fighting with her parents has finally taken a toll on her and she's looking for some sort of release. She even said that the guy she went out with the other day is coming along. I'm not sure if she even likes him, but I'm happy she's giving it chance.

I decide to head out a little early, needing the distraction. When I arrive at Remedy, I spot some of my friends that are already here. We sit around and talk for a while before my eyes catch Mark as he's walking in. Shit! It feels like a brick falls in the pit of my stomach. God, he looks good, and a part of me, a really big part, wants to go over and talk to him, but I'm sure I'm the last person he wants to see.

Right behind Mark, Kimber and Candace walk in, and Candace can't get to me fast enough. I walk toward her and quickly grip her arm, rushing her over to the bar at the back of the club.

"You thirsty?" she asks with sarcasm.

Still freaking out, I say, "Not really. I just saw Mark." When we get up to the bar, we hop onto a couple of barstools.

"Isn't that the hottie you used to see that plays guitar?"

"Exactly." I give her a serious look. I still haven't told her what happened with Mark. I flag down the bartender and order us some shots and bottles of beer.

Eying me from the side, she says, "Okay, spill it. Clearly you're into getting drunk, so tell me what happened."

When the bartender sets the drinks down in front of us, I push two of the shots and a beer over to her, and we both knock the tequila back quickly before I confess, "He caught me kissing his roommate."

She immediately starts laughing at me, not knowing how I ever felt about him, and jokes, "You can be a slut sometimes, you know?"

"Trust me. I know," I say and hand her the second shot. We down them and I tell her, "He was really pissed off. I actually feel like total shit about it."

She lays her hand on my arm and looks at me a little concerned, but she is instantly distracted when a guy comes up from behind and pulls her into his arms.

She turns around to face him. "Hey, Jack."

I laugh to myself when she nearly stumbles off the barstool and into his arms. Candace never handles hard liquor too well, and it doesn't take much for her to feel the effects.

She introduces us, and I give him a handshake. I continue to drink my beer as Candace and Jack talk. This guy doesn't really strike me as her type. I can't help but feel protective of her. She really doesn't have anyone in her life to care for her other than Kimber and myself. I know that Candace considers the two of us her family, and there is no doubt that she is my family as well. When I turn back to look at her, she is rolling her eyes at something Jack just said, and I can't help but laugh at her.

He leans in and whispers something in her ear and the next thing I know, they're making their way to the dance floor. I order another drink when Kimber grabs the now empty barstool.

"Are we getting drunk?"

Looking over at her, I wink as I take a long swig of my beer, I wink at her.

"Perfect," she says with an evil grin and then yells at the bartender for a beer. When he slides one to her, she starts chugging the damn thing and turns around in her seat. "Holy shit!"

"What?"

Pointing the neck of her bottle in the direction of the dance floor, she says, "Our girl is giving her date a hard on."

I turn around and spot Candace dancing with Jack. I start laughing at her because she is acting so out of character. She is always so quiet and reserved, and she is nearly making out with this dude in the middle of the club.

"What the hell has gotten into her lately?" I ask Kimber.

"She said that she feels like she hasn't really let loose since coming to college. I guess this is her way of having some fun. It's pretty damn amusing if you ask me. Our quiet, little Candace, acting like a hooker."

I shake my head at Kimber. "You know damn well that Candace would never do anything with that guy."

When we see Jack's hands squeeze her ass, we both bust out in a fit of laughter, nearly doubling over at her crazy behavior.

"You sure about that?" Kimber says through her giggles.

I stay at the bar and continue to nurse my beer. Kimber has ditched me, and when I turn to see where she went, I spot Mark again. I watch him laughing with a group of his friends, and I wish I could be over there with him. I'm sure he hasn't seen me since I've been hiding out back here. I finally stand up and make my way over to the rest of our friends and see that Jack is sitting alone.

"Where's Candace?" I ask as I sit next to him.

"That crazy blonde girl dragged her to the bathroom."

"That would be Kimber. She's like a rabid squirrel on acid," I say with laughter.

When Candace comes up to us, she asks Jack what he's laughing at. She squeezes herself in between the two of us and he says, "I can't even remember now that you're here."

The look on her face is priceless, and I chuckle under my breath. She has no clue how to respond when guys say sweet things to her. She always gets so embarrassed, and Jack is completely clueless.

It's getting late, so Kimber and I call it a night. Candace decides to stay a little while longer with Jack, so we say our goodbyes and head out. Walking out to the parking lot, I notice Mark heading to his car. I turn to Kimber and say, "Hey, I'll catch you later, okay?"

"Yeah, have a good night," she says as she turns to her car.

I'm not sure what I'm doing or what I'm gonna say, but I call out, "Mark."

He turns around, and when he looks at me, he shakes his head and says, "We've got nothing to talk about, man."

"Wait. Just give me a second." I hate feeling like I have been for the past couple of weeks, and I figure if I can be honest with my parents, then I can be honest with him. He deserves an explanation and an apology.

He leans against his car and folds his arms across his chest as I approach. Clearly he's still pissed. But what he does to me when I'm around him is something that I can't explain. I feel it in my chest, it courses through me, and suddenly I'm nervous.

"Can I just explain myself?" I ask as I step in front of him.

"I don't really think there is anything you could say at this point."

Dropping my head, I take a second before looking into his eyes, and I instantly feel a need to beg him for another chance. I'm not quite sure where this is coming from, but I take a huge leap and follow my heart. "I know 'I'm sorry' isn't enough, but I am. I really f**ked up."

I step to move beside him and lean up against the car next to him. Shoving my hands in my pockets, I make my confession. "I was scared."

When I say this, Mark finally turns his head and looks at me.

I continue, "I was scared because I've never done this before. I've never wanted to be around another guy the way I want to be around you. The thing is ... I'm not sure what the hell I'm doing."

"Why couldn't you just talk to me?"

"Because it wasn't until I met you that I realized I was terrified to admit that I'm g*y." I stop, trying to find the words to explain myself. "I mean, I've always known, but the idea of a relationship just seemed too defining, and I wasn't sure I was ready. I ... a part of me is still really uncomfortable with this," I admit.

"So what does that have to do with you making out with Kyle?"

"I didn't know how to talk to you, so it was my f**ked up way of destroying whatever it was that we had going on so that I didn't have to deal with it." I am nothing but honest with him, and although I could just be pissing him off even more, I feel like I owe him this.

He turns his head away from me and focuses straight forward. I notice his clenched jaw, but I stay quiet, waiting for some kind of response. Keeping his eyes ahead, he says, "I really liked you, you know?"

"I'm sorry."

He surprises me when he reveals, "I still really like you."

My heart thuds hard in my chest when he tells me this. He still doesn't look at me, but I decide to return his honesty and tell him, "I flew home and told my parents last weekend. I never told them before because I was afraid of what that meant for me."

He looks at me when I say this and takes a moment before responding. "You don't have to explain. I've been there. I felt the same way."

I nod my head and finally realize that if only I would have been honest with him, he possibly could have really helped me. Maybe he still can.

"What did they say?" he asks.

Shaking my head, I turn to look away from him when I say, "It's over. They threw me out, told me not to come back or call." When I turn to look back at him, the look in his eyes is of disbelief. "I wasn't completely surprised. I knew that would most likely be their reaction."

"Then why?"

"I hoped it would help me come to terms with all of this."

"Did it?"

"Honestly ... I don't know, but at least I'm able to tell you everything I was too scared to say before."

We stand there without speaking when the mist turns into thicker sprinkles, but we don't move. I wish I knew what he was thinking. I'm feeling anxious and extremely exposed right now. But he gives me a little hope when he turns to face me and asks, "So what do you want now?"

"I know I don't have any right to ask you to forgive me, but I feel like absolute shit for what I did, and I'm so sorry." I swallow hard when I admit, "I really like you, Mark. I just want a chance to show you that I'm not an ass**le."

"I know you're not an ass, but you really let me down. I'm not sure I can trust you."

"Let me show you that you can," I say, and I know with those words that I can't let my fears get in the way again. I need to face this. I need to learn to be okay with myself.

When I see him nod his head, I can't fight my smile. I want to kiss him. God, I want to kiss him so bad, but I don't. I just wrap my arms around him and pull him in for a hug. When I feel his arms band around me, I say once again, "I'm so f**kin' sorry."

"No more apologies. Let's just start over."

He leans back slightly, and I don't take what I want to take. I want him to know that I want something more than just that. So, I simply leave it with, "Coffee? Tomorrow?"

He smiles and responds, "Sounds good. I'll call you when I wake up."

I nod my head and take a step back when Mark opens his door and hops in the driver's seat. Before he closes the door, he says, "Jase ... thanks for being honest with me."

"Thanks for giving me the chance."

Chapter eight

Mark called this morning like he said he would. I suggested we meet at Peet's on the ground floor of my apartment building. I'd be lying if I said I wasn't still anxious about all of this, but the feeling of not wanting to walk away from Mark is stronger than my fear of defining who I am to myself.

I shrug on a t-shirt and grab my keys before making my way to the elevator. I arrive before he does, so I go ahead and get a coffee before finding a seat by the window to wait for him. It's raining pretty hard today, and I watch as it falls from the dark sky.

I pull my phone out and shoot Candace a text. I really need to talk to her about everything that's been going on.

Can I see you later?

I sit for a while and drink my coffee before my phone buzzes with her response.

Yeah, I'll be home.

Okay, I'll text you in a bit. Love you.

"Hey, man," I hear Mark say, and I shove my phone in my pocket as I stand up to give him a hug. I'll take all the touches I can from this guy.

Seeing his coffee already in hand, we sit down and he says, "How's it going?"

"Good. You?" I ask as he nods his head and leans forward, resting his elbows on the table.

"I was thinking about what you said last night. About your parents and all."

I shake my head. "Don't worry about it."

"Are they all the family you have?"

"Yeah, but we haven't been close for a long time. It's not like we really ever spoke."

He takes a long sip of his drink and sets his cup down. "So what are you gonna do?"

"There's nothing I can do. It's done with. They were pretty final with what they said. I know them well enough to know when they shut down, they don't open back up."

He shakes his head, and I know this bothers him. So I assure him, "I'm not alone, if that's what you're wondering. I have a really close friend that I've always considered my family."

"Oh yeah?"

"Yeah. Actually, I should probably talk to you about her." I need to explain our relationship to him because I know it isn't typical. He needs to know how we are, and I need to know if this bothers him.

"Okay? You're making me nervous," he says with a chuckle.

"No, it's nothing crazy, we just have a strong relationship, and I want you to understand that it's nothing beyond friends."

"What do you mean?"

Leaning back in my seat, I tell him, "We're really close. I mean, we're physically close as well. It's just always been that way with us. Her name's Candace. She's a sweet girl, but in many ways, extremely closed off. Her parents are dicks to her. But, anyway, I just need you to know that we spend a lot of time together ... we spend a lot of nights together in each other's beds. But it isn't like what most people would assume at all. She's just a friend ... well, family really. She's all I've had for a long time."

He nods his head, but doesn't say anything at first. I worry that he might not be okay with this, but when he says, "I think it's good that you have someone like that in your life," I relax a little bit.

"Are you sure you don't have a problem with it?"

"Look, I don't know much about you, but I hate that you don't have a family that supports you," he says, and I know his words are genuine. "So, if this girl can give you what you can't find from anyone else, then yeah, I can be okay with it."

Curious about his family, I ask, "So how did your parents react when you told them?"

"They took it pretty well. I didn't tell them for what felt like a long time. I was terrified they'd react badly. I was scared shitless, to be honest. But it worked out. My parents have never treated me differently from the way they always have. They love me regardless ... it really bothers me that you didn't get that."

I can't help but feel a twinge of jealousy, wishing that I had what he has. How easy it must be, but in a way, he's right. Although I have Candace, I still feel very much alone.

"Well, since I can't introduce you to my family, you want to try and get together with me and meet Candace and her roommate, Kimber? They are pretty much who I spend most of my time with."

He smiles, big, and it's perfect. "I'd love to."

I smile back and can't really understand why he's being so nice after what I did, but I'll take whatever he gives me, and right now, it's more than I deserve. "Okay. I'm going to see Candace later today, so I'll find out when she's free. Sometime this weekend?"

"Yeah, I have nothing going on. Just planning on taking it easy before classes start back up on Monday."

When we finish our coffee, I look over at him and ask, "You wanna come over to my place for a while?"

"Yeah, where do you live?"

I laugh as I say, "Right here. I live in this building."

"That's convenient," he says with a knowing smirk as we head out.

When we get off the elevator and head into my apartment, we make ourselves comfortable on the couch and flip on the TV, although we don't watch it because it doesn't take but a second for Mark to distract me. He reaches over and threads his fingers with mine. Staring at me with his deep green eyes, I slowly move in and brush my lips against his. I tug him in closer to me and press my lips more firmly onto his. He didn't shave this morning, and the roughness of his kisses do nothing but turn me on. I hate that I had to hurt him to be able to be with him like this. I should have just been honest. I should have trusted him. Pushing those thoughts away, wanting to be here with him and not in my scattered head, I loop my arms around his waist and pull him down on top of me as I lie on my back.

He hovers over me, running his hand down my cheek to my neck and wraps it around the back of my head, lifting me closer to him as he slips his tongue in my mouth. I run my hand up his smooth back, underneath his shirt, and when he grinds himself against me, I can feel what I'm doing to him. I tug at the hem of his shirt and peel it off. Wrapping my arms back around him, I hold him against me.

Moving the way we are together ignites more than just lust inside of me, but feelings I never knew were there. The connection that I feel with him, even though I still really don't know him, is intense. I know Mark isn't into anything casual-he's told me this-and that makes this even better because for once, I don't want to walk away.

He moves his lips from mine, and when he asks, "Same page?" I know he wants the confirmation for this same question he asked me a couple weeks ago. The question I was too afraid to acknowledge.

Looking up at his flushed face-able to respond this time-I nod and affirm, "Same page," and my anxiety about this starts to dissolve into the happiness that is swarming through me when he looks at me like he is.

I watch his muscles flex as he slowly lowers himself onto me and reaches down, slipping his hand under the waistband of my gym shorts. When he wraps his hand around me, I let out a low growl with the pleasure that pulses through me as I harden under his touch. His grip is strong as I fist my hands in his hair and slam my mouth over his. Not holding back, I possess his mouth with my tongue as his hand continues to work me.

Fumbling with his belt, I manage to unclasp it and pop the buttons open on his pants. I yank them down enough to be able to freely give him back what he's giving me. He's hot to my touch, and just the feel of him is enough to keep me from holding on any longer. I thrust myself into his hand, burying my head in his neck, and moan in intense pleasure as he makes me come. He doesn't let go of me as I begin to pump him in my hand, gripping tight.

He lets his body fall onto mine, and we shift to our sides. He takes my lips with his, and I move with him in a way I haven't with anyone else. I go slow and take my time, not wanting to take my hands off of him anytime soon.

Heading over to your place.

Okay. Just let yourself in.

I walk through the parking garage to my spot and click the locks open. Mark wound up staying over for most of the morning. I feel good about where we stand at this point. Allowing myself to open up to him and lay it all out there for him to know, freed some of the fear inside of me.

When I pull up to Candace's house, only her white Acura is here. I go ahead and let myself in. Kimber isn't home, so I go straight to Candace's room. She's sitting at her desk doing something on her laptop as I walk in.

"Hey, sweetie."

"Hey," she says as she closes the lid, and I lie down on her bed as she gets up from her chair and walks over to lie next to me. I was worried that Mark would have an issue with Candace. I think he will have a better understanding of us when he meets her. She lays her head on the pillow next to me, and I shift to face her.

"I need to talk to you about something," I say, still a little nervous. Not nervous about her reaction-it's me. It's taking another step towards cementing the fact that this is truly me.

Turning towards me, she says, "Okay, talk."

"I haven't been completely open with you about some stuff that's been going on, and I need to talk to you about it and tell you everything."

She pinches her brows together and says, "Okay," slowly with worry.

"I should have told to you about this from the start, but I was embarrassed."

"Jase, you can tell me anything," she assures me.

"I know, and that's why I feel so awful," I say and then I just let everything out. "I ran into Mark last night when I left the club. He was the reason I went home and came out to my parents. I really like him. I mean ... I like him more than I have ever liked anyone. You know how I am with guys, but with him, it's different, and it started stirring up a lot of stuff I thought I had gotten past."

"I don't understand."

"I told you what it was like for me in high school. Well, I thought I was over that. When I met Mark and started spending time with him, I had feelings for him in a way I hadn't ever felt towards another guy. It made me scared. When he told me that he wasn't interested in anything casual, I freaked out."

She interrupts me and says, "Like, the idea of having a real relationship with a guy would solidify that you're g*y?"

God, she completely gets it. "Yeah," I say, and then tell her, "So I went to his house when his roommate was there, knowing that Mark would be home soon, and made out with him just so that Mark could catch us. I felt like shit, but I was too much of a coward to just be honest with him. I still feel like shit."

She shifts herself closer to me and drapes her arm around my waist. "That's awful. What did he say?"

"Nothing really. I knew I'd hurt him. I was such a shit; I didn't even say anything to him. I just grabbed my keys and walked out."

"So you went home to tell your parents because you thought that it would be easier for you to accept you were g*y if you came out?"

"Do you know how much I love you?" She smiles up at me as I brush her hair back. "I knew you would understand. I shouldn't have kept this from you."

"It's okay. I understand why you did. But I hate that you were going through this and I wasn't there for you."

"I'm sorry."

"So, you talked to him last night? What did you say?"

"I was just honest. I apologized and explained everything. I even told him about my parents."

"How did it go?"

"He told me that, despite what I did, he still has feelings for me, and I told him that I do too. So he asked if we could just start over. He came over for coffee this morning and we talked more about my family and stuff."

She pulls back to look me in the eyes. "So, you two are seeing each other? I mean ... exclusively?"

"Yeah."

"How are you feeling about it now?"

"Nervous," I admit. "Mostly because I have never done this, but I love the way he makes me feel when we're together."

She tilts her head up, pecks me on the lips, and then gives me her beautiful smile. "I'm really happy for you, you know? I hope he can see how special you are."

I kiss the top of her head and tuck her under my chin. I don't know what I ever did to deserve such an amazing friend. I love how she just gets me. She doesn't even have to try. Telling her about Mark feels so good. Hell, everything about today feels good. I just hope he will be patient enough with me so that I can figure this all out and get to a place where I can be free of the shame.

Chapter nine

After my talk with Candace yesterday, I totally forgot to ask her what her plans were this weekend and if she'd be up to meeting Mark. I've been calling and texting her for the past couple of hours, but I can't get ahold of her.

I spot her car when I pull in front of Common Grounds, the coffee shop that she works at. When I walk inside, I spot Roxy, her boss, behind the counter.

"Hey, Jase."

"Roxy, how've you been?" I ask and lean over the counter to give her a hug.

"Good. You looking for Candace?"

"Yeah. Is she busy?"

"She's in the back; it's been pretty slow," she says before yelling over her shoulder, "Candace!"

"Hey, Candace," I say as she walks up to the counter. I lean in to give her a kiss. "I've been trying to call you."

"Oh, sorry. I was at the studio this morning and let the battery drain on my cell, and I never remembered to plug it in to recharge," she says. "I'll go do that now before I forget again." She seems a little spastic when she runs to the back and then quickly returns with her cell and charger.

When she plugs it in, I ask, "So, I wanted to see if you and Kimber could get together with Mark and I later tonight?"

"I'd love to, but I'm working late tonight. How about tomorrow afternoon? We can do a cookout at our house."

"That sounds great. I really f**ked up with him, and I want to make it right. Plus, I want you guys to meet him."

She leans down on her elbows and looks up at me. "Of course, Jase."

"Great, I'll call him and let him know," I say, and then quickly kiss her forehead. I catch her smile as I turn to leave.

Walking back out to my car, I call Mark.

"Hey, Jase. What's up?"

"Not much. Do you wanna get together at Candace's place tomorrow afternoon?"

"Um, yeah. That works for me."

"Great. I think we will just hang out back and cook out since the weather is supposed to be decent for a change."

"That sounds good. Are you doing anything tonight?"

"Nothing set in stone. Why?"

"I'm heading out to go for a run, but I was just gonna chill and watch the football game later if you wanted to come over."

"Oh, umm ..." is all I can say. No way in hell do I wanna run into Kyle, not after that crap I pulled. But Mark interrupts my thoughts and says, "Kyle doesn't live here anymore."

"God, I feel like a dick," I say as the guilt returns.

"Don't. We never got along that well anyway." He tries brushing it off, as if it isn't the big deal that it actually is.

"Still, I feel like shit about everything."

"Are you coming over or what?" he interjects, and I can't help but laugh.

"Yeah. Just text me after your run."

"Okay, I'll talk to you later.

"Later."

When I got to Mark's house later that day, we spent the evening drinking beer and watching the game. It was nice to spend that time with him, just taking it easy. We didn't do anything more than just hold hands and be close to one another. The more time I spend with him, the more I find myself falling for him.

Now here we are, driving together to Candace's house. It's important to me that he likes her because she's such a big part of my life. But at the same time, I really hope she likes him because her opinion is important to me.

When I park the car, I look over at Mark, and he gives me a smile before he steps out. I take his hand and hold it as we walk up to the house. Opening the front door, I call out, "We're here."

As I start leading Mark through the living room, Candace walks in from the kitchen and gives me a warm hug.

When I back away, I introduce the two of them. "Mark, this is Candace."

She smiles big when she turns to Mark. "Hey! It's great to meet you. Come on in. We're in the kitchen getting the food ready."

Walking into the kitchen, Kimber is chowing down on a mouthful of chips when she says, "Hey, Jase."

Shaking my head, I look at Mark then back at Kimber. "And this crazy girl is Kimber."

"Nice to meet you guys," Mark says with a grin.

The girls move around the kitchen and Kimber asks if one of us will start the grill for her.

"Yeah, I can do that," Mark replies, and Kimber leads him out back as I stay inside with Candace, helping her get all the food to carry out.

"This is a nice place you have," I hear Mark say to the girls as we walk outside.

Kimber flops down in a chair. "I suppose," she says with a sigh.

"Please, just ignore her dramatics," Candace tells Mark as Kimber just laughs. I know she loves trying to get reactions from people, and she is constantly cracking me up. If there is one thing about Kimber, she doesn't give a shit what people think about her. I love her freedom. I'm jealous of it in a way.

"Hey, Jase, will you run inside and grab the case of beer that's in the fridge and bring it out? There's a cooler next to the door that already has ice in it," Candace says.

"Sure." I go into the kitchen to get the beers and when I walk back outside, Candace and Mark are chatting about school.

"What are you studying?" I hear her ask him.

Mark takes a swig of his beer and responds, "Same as Jase-Architecture." She looks over at me and Mark adds, "That's how we know each other."

I smile at Mark as he continues to talk with Candace. I get up and walk over to the grill to cook the burgers. I keep turning my head to the two of them and love that they are having an easy time talking to one another.

"He's really hot," Kimber says as she steps next to me, nudging her arm against mine.

"Yeah, I know."

I start taking the meat off the grill and then get a beer before sitting next to Kimber at the fire pit. I leave Mark with Candace since they seem pretty inseparable at the moment. Mark says something to her and she laughs out loud, tossing her head back as he starts to crack up as well. I have no idea what they are talking about, but seeing the two of them laughing like they are, makes me laugh too.

The afternoon passes quickly, and I spend most of it with Kimber, drinking and bullshitting around, all the while, watching Mark and Candace from across the backyard. They've been talking and laughing non-stop.

"Help me clean up?" I ask Kimber, and she rolls her eyes at me. "You are such a spoiled brat. Get off your lazy ass, and help me out."

Sighing in exasperation, she says, "Fine."

Candace and Mark join us in the kitchen after a while and we decide to call it a night.

Walking us to the door, she says, "It was so good to meet you, Mark."

"Same here," he responds.

She pulls him in for a hug and tells him, "You're welcome anytime, and you don't need Jase with you to stop by."

I laugh and shake my head at her when she says this.

"Thanks," he says.

Kimber yells her "goodbye" from the kitchen and we yell it right back. I grab Candace and give her a tight hug. She whispers softly in my ear, "He's perfect."

"I know," I mumble quietly. I give her a chaste kiss and then head out. Walking to my car with Mark, he takes ahold of my hand and gives my neck a few pecks. We stop at the car and I kiss him. Seeing him so comfortable with my best friend, my only family, makes me happy, and I smile against his lips as we continue to share our slow kiss.

Mark whispers over my lips, "What's so funny?"

I move back and look at him. "Nothing's funny. I'm just happy."

He wraps his arms around my waist and says, "Me too. I see why you love her so much. She's great."

"Yeah, she is. So are you."

The smile that grows on his face is beautiful, so I take one last kiss before we get in the car and start driving back to my place. Since neither one of us has an early class tomorrow, Mark decides to stay the night.

After changing clothes and sliding into bed, Mark wraps his arm around me as I ask into the darkness, "Did you have fun today?"

"Yeah, I did," he responds softly. "Thanks for introducing me to your friends. Did you know them before coming to Seattle?"

"No. I met Candace the first quarter I was here. We had a Gen. Ed. class together. I also had a Communications class with Kimber, but I never spoke to her until I found out she was Candace's dorm mate.

"So what's her story?" he questions. "She seems so different from you and Candace."

Letting out a laugh, I tell him, "I don't know where to begin with that chick. I've always found it odd that Candace is such good friends with her because they are so opposite." I start laughing harder when I think back to our Communications class we had together freshman year. "Oh my God. You wouldn't believe this speech she gave in that class we shared."

"What?" Mark chuckles as I try to control my own laughter.

"We were assigned an informational presentation. We were free to choose our own topic, but we had to perform a demonstration. So she walks to the front of the class with a blow-up sex doll. No. Shit. Mark. Mouth open for a blowjob, big tits, sex doll!"

He's now laughing just as hard as I am. "Are you serious?"

"No joke. She tried going for a sense of modesty by throwing one of her t-shirts over it. I swear, I was about to piss my pants when she laid that thing face down on the demonstration table and began giving that doll, with its ass all exposed, a thorough body massage. Everyone was cracking up, but she kept a straight face and proceeded as if she was giving some political speech."

"What did your professor say?"

"Nothing. He just let her do her thing as if what she was doing was completely normal."

"Oh my God," he says as we both lie there in my dark room and laugh together.

"But that's Kimber. She doesn't care what people think about her, and she is totally unpredictable, whereas Candace is reserved, quiet for the most part, and extremely focused. The two of them are an odd combo."

"So how do you fit in to that?"

Laughter aside, I roll over and lay my head on his chest. "I hang out with Kimber a lot, only because Candace rarely goes out, but we don't have a deep friendship at all; more like buddies. It's nothing close to what I have with Candace."

"I don't think many people have that. You're lucky."

"Yeah," I whisper. "It's a lot like what I had with my sister, well, except the physical stuff," I joke. "But she gives me what Jace used to when I had her."

I pull my head back and look Mark in the eyes when he says, "Tell me something about her."

It's always hard for me to talk about my sister, but I want to share her with him, so I take a hard swallow before I open up. "We were best friends. It was always like that with us. We did everything together. There was this one time, we were young, maybe ten or eleven," I say and then pause when I feel the sadness well up in me along with the happiness. It's a strange conflict of emotions that causes my throat to slightly constrict.

Shifting and tucking my bent arm under the side of my head, I continue, "We had dug up a pail of mud down at the creek that ran through the back of our neighborhood. Jace thought it would be funny to make mud pies and blow them up with firecrackers on one of our neighbor's front porch. The lady that lived there was always crabby, so needless to say, we didn't like her that much. Jace found one of the leftover boxes of Black Cats from the Fourth of July, and we set those suckers off." I start laughing at the memory. "That shit was so loud, and there was mud flying everywhere. That crotchety, old woman opened her front door and Jace and I ran as fast as we could, laughing our asses off."

"You guys sound like trouble," Mark softly chuckles.

"We really were."

"Did you guys get caught?"

"Yeah. Our mom made us go over and clean up the mess. We had to use toothpicks to poke out the mud that slung into the window screen. It was a bitch of mess, but so worth it." My smile fades when the sadness takes over. I hate that memories are all that I am left with. "I miss her," I breathe out.

Mark doesn't speak, he just holds me tighter in his arms. I lie quiet for a while until I finally say, "But when I'm with Candace ... she just makes it easier."

"I wish I could have met your sister."

Mark doesn't say anything else and neither do I as we lie there holding each other. Sharing this part of myself with him is hard. It's hard when I share it with Candace too. But it's also nice, being able to talk about her. I don't do it often, but she's a big part of me, so giving that to Mark makes me feel closer to him. And I want that-the closeness.

We spent the night wrapped up in each other's arms, and it was the most intimate thing I have ever done with someone. I know I'm completely falling for this guy.

Looking at him now, sleeping next to me, I lean over to kiss his bare shoulder. When I do, he begins to stir and wake up. I tangle my legs with his and pull him in tight.

"Morning," he grumbles with his eyes closed.

I laugh and ask, "Coffee?"

"Please."

I can tell this guy is not a morning person, so I give him time to wake up. I slip out of bed and go into the kitchen to start a pot of coffee. While it's brewing I pick up my phone that's lying on the counter and see I have a missed text from Candace.

Had fun last night. The three of us should hang out soon.

I start typing out a response when I hear, "God, who are you texting this early?"

I look up to see Mark as he strolls lazily into the kitchen and straight to me. "Just Candace," I say as he wraps his arms around me. When he nips my jaw, I tell him, "Coffee's ready."

"Oh, good." He grabs one of the mugs I've already gotten down and pours his cup, drinking it black. "I've got to head out soon. There are some errands I need to run before my eleven o'clock class."

"Yeah, I have a ten o'clock Structures class."

We go sit on the couch, and I drape my arm over him as he leans into me, kicking his feet up on the coffee table. I love that he feels relaxed with being here.

"So I was going to run by the Athletic Club to pay my deposit, if that's cool with you."

"Yeah, that'll work. We should meet up Wednesday morning. It's my long workout, so I'm there for a couple of hours and then run after."

"Perfect. I don't have any classes on Wednesdays, so I'm free."

We spend the next half hour lying around and finishing off the pot of coffee before Mark heads out. I have a full load of classes today, so I quickly take a shower and get cleaned up before driving up to campus.

Walking into Candace's bedroom, I hear the shower in the bathroom. Sitting at her desk, I decide to check my bank account to make sure the money from the bursar has been deposited. I've been able to get through college without help from my parents. I came here on an academic scholarship and have been able to qualify for several grants along the way.

"What are you doing?" I hear Candace ask from behind me.

Staring at the screen, I say, "Nothing really, just messing around. I just finished my last class and thought I'd come chill with you."

I turn around and see her putting on her underwear and bra. "You going somewhere?"

"Yeah, there's a party at Jack's fraternity tonight, and he asked me to go."

I can see that there isn't an ounce of happiness behind her words. "You sound thrilled."

"It's just ... I'm not into him aside from kissing. We have nothing in common, and I feel nothing towards him."

I can't help the smirk that crosses my face. This is just like Candace.

"This should not be a surprise to you, Jase," she says with an eye roll.

"Nope, no surprise at all. Typical Candace, devoid of all things emotional. Well, except for me." I flash her a big smile and then turn back to the computer as she turns on her hair dryer. I shut the lid to the laptop when I finish up and walk over and sit on the edge of her bed. I watch her as she gets ready and when she turns to me, she questions, "What?"

"Stay with me tonight. I can tell you don't want to go out, so come to my place."

"I can't. He'll be here any second. Plus, I need to talk to him."

"About what?"

"I just need to let him know that I don't have time for dating or anything."

I laugh at her, and she smacks me on my arm. "I'm sorry, girl. You know I love you and all, but I don't know why you even bothered with this one."

She sits down next to me and resigns, "God, I have no idea either."

"Call me when you get home."

Chapter ten

The ringing of my phone wakes me up. I roll over, pluck it from my nightstand, and answer it, trying not to open my eyes in the process.

"God, Candace. What time is it?" I complain.

"Is this Jase Kenrick?" a woman, who's clearly not Candace, asks. I hold the phone out for a second to see that it's almost one in the morning.

"Um, yeah. I'm Jase," I say as I sit up.

"My name is Allie Thompson. I'm a nurse here at Harborview Medical Center. Your name was given to me by Candace Parker."

Now, I'm awake. Wide awake. "God, is she okay?"

"She arrived here by ambulance a little while ago and asked that I call you. She's requested for you to come up here to be with her."

"What happened? Is she okay?" I ask again. My mind is racing with the worst, and I'm already out of bed grabbing my clothes.

"They are about to take her to run some tests. Will you be able to bring her a change of clothes? If not, we have some scrubs she can change into."

What the f**k? "No, I'll bring her clothes." I don't waste any more time and toss the phone on the bed, hanging up on the call. My heart is pounding. I have no clue what the hell is going on, but I throw on a pair of gym shorts and a t-shirt. My hands are shaking as I'm fumbling to tie the laces to my running shoes.

I find my backpack, dumping out my notebooks, and rush over to my dresser. Candace has clothes that have accumulated here over the past few years, so I grab a pair of her jeans and a shirt, along with some underwear.

Slinging the backpack over my shoulder, I get my keys and don't even bother with the elevator. I bolt down the stairs to the parking garage and jump into my SUV. I know I'm driving like a maniac, but I can't get to the hospital fast enough. My mind is in overdrive, wondering if she got into a car wreck or something.

When I finally make it to the hospital, I rush through the sliding doors into the ER. I don't even wait for the lady sitting behind the desk to look up at me when I frantically ramble, "My friend, Candace ... she's here. Umm ... Candace Parker. I got a call. A nurse called me a few minutes ago."

"Okay, hold on, sir. Let me call back there to see if they are ready for you."

I'm trying to control my breathing, but the pressure in my chest is making it nearly impossible. Time seems to stand still as I wait. I just want her to be okay. I need her to be okay.

"Sir, Allie, one of her nurses, is on her way up to get you."

"Okay, thanks," I say as I back away from the desk. I don't sit down. I can't. I'm too anxious, so I just stand and stare at the locked wooden doors that lead back to where I know she is.

When the doors open, I see a nurse with short, blonde hair, wearing green scrubs. She talks to the lady at the desk then turns around and begins walking towards me, in what feels like slow motion, and the weight at the pit of my stomach becomes painful.

"Are you Jase Kenrick?"

"Yes. Please tell me what's going on. What happened?"

"Let's go sit down, okay? She asked that I speak with you first."

I don't respond; I just follow behind her as she walks me back into the ER and takes me to a small room with a couch and a couple of chairs.

"Please, have a seat," she says as she closes the door behind her. Fuck. Whatever this is, it has to be bad if I'm in here and not with her. God, I just want to be with her. I can't even swallow; my throat has tightened so much.

Sitting down next to me on the couch, she lays her hand on my knee, and I can't do anything but stare into her green eyes that are filled with sadness. I know she's trying to hide it, to be professional, but I can see it.

"Your friend was brought here by ambulance," she says softly. "There was an altercation. She's fine. We haven't found any major injuries at this time. She is pretty banged up though." She takes a moment before continuing, "But ... she was raped."

Everything tunnels: my hearing, my vision. My heart thuds. Hard. I drop my head in my hands, and the tears just spill out. Allie continues to talk, but I've already heard all my soul can handle at this point. This girl is my f**kin' heart, and I'm terrified to see what's left of it.

I turn to look at the nurse when she hands me a tissue, but I don't reach out to take it. I just look at her with no words.

"I'm so sorry. You can utilize this room for as long as you need, but it's not going to be good for her to see you so upset. You need to be strong for her right now."

I nod my head. She's right. I've got to pull my shit together. I finally take the tissue from her hand. I could sit here and cry for the rest of my life if I allowed myself, but I need to see her. So that's what I tell the nurse. "I need to see her."

"Okay then." She stands up and leads me out of the room and down a corridor that is lined with private patient rooms. When we stop outside one of the rooms, she opens the door. I walk in to see my girl's bloody, swollen face. I know I can't hide my horror, and she falls apart, sobbing. Rushing over to her, I wrap my arms around her head as much as I can since she's wearing a neck brace. I can't stop kissing the top of her head and telling her that I love her. My tears fall effortlessly from my eyes and into her hair. I just keep repeating it over and over as her body jerks with her wails.

She cries for a long time, but I never loosen my hold on her. I've never been so scared for anyone in my life. Candace is so strong and always keeps her emotions held tight. Hearing the pain that's coming out of her is killing me.

Her body begins to shudder as she starts to quiet down. I loosen my grip on her and scan her face. It's covered in scratches, and the whole right side is swollen with a black eye. God, what happened?

I pull a chair up next to the bed and sit down. Finally noticing that there's another nurse in the room, I turn to her and ask, "What's going on? Is she okay?" I hold Candace's hand tightly in mine and when I shift my eyes to it, I'm nauseated when I see her brittle nails. It's as if someone has been sawing at them. They are covered in dried, cracked blood and worn down. There are chunks of flesh under what's left of a couple of her nails. I jerk my head back to the nurse, not able to look any longer.

She asks Candace if she would be willing to go through a rape kit exam and she freaks out, snapping her head to me, saying, "No."

"Candace, I really think you should do it. I get that you're scared right now, but maybe in a few days you might feel differently about this." I turn to the nurse and ask, "If she does this exam, then what?"

"If she decides to press charges, we will hand over the kit to the police. If not, we keep the kit here. If she changes her mind about prosecuting, then at that time, we will hand the kit over to the criminal lab."

I squeeze her hand and assure her, "I'm right here. I think you should do this, sweetie."

I watch as her eyes well with tears and then she slowly nods her head. I know she's scared, but she's strong.

The doctor comes in, and they take her for a couple of scans and x-rays while I wait in the room for her to return. When she leaves, I let go and cry. I try to get as much of it out as I can before she comes back and I have to shove all this pain back down. But I'm scared. I'm scared to know what this has done to her spirit. How will she ever heal from this?

When she is brought back into the room, I am by her side and holding her hand that I still can't look at. I can't even imagine how hard she must have fought for her hands to look the way they do.

The nurse talks to Candace about starting the rape kit then goes into the bathroom for a minute. When she returns, she looks at Candace and instructs, "Candace, I need for you to carefully remove all of your clothing, including your jewelry. I have laid down a large sheet of paper that is there to collect any evidence that may fall off of your clothes or body. Just stand on the paper while you undress, hand me each article of clothing as you remove it, and I will place each piece in a separate evidence bag. There is a hospital gown hanging on the door that you can change into."

I look down at her and ask, "Do you want me to leave?"

"No. I don't want to be alone." She clings to me, and I see the fear and despondence in her eyes. I want to take it away, but I feel so helpless. I don't know what to say to her, so I just help her off of the bed and walk her to the bathroom. She's clutching a blanket to her and when she holds it out to hand to the nurse, I see she's nearly naked. Her body is bloody and badly bruised. She begins to cry, and in a panic, turns around and asks where her pants are.

"The EMTs collected them. We already have them," the nurse tells her.

Candace looks up at me, her whole body shaking, and I can barely get my voice out when I try to calm her and say, "It's okay."

She slowly starts taking off the remnants of her ripped up clothing, which isn't much. Candace is such a small girl-tiny-and although she's strong as hell, there would have been no way she could've fought off the guy who did this. Fuck, who did this?

Slipping on the hospital gown, she walks straight into my arms, and I hold her; I cling so tightly to her.

"Candace, whenever you are ready, I need you to have a seat on the exam table behind the curtain," the nurse instructs.

Looking up at me, her dirty face soaked in tears, she says, "I don't have anything to wear."

"When the nurse called me, she told me to bring clothes with me. They're in my backpack."

She nods and we walk over to the exam table. She steps up to sit down on it, never letting go of my hand. I hate that she is so scared. She's never scared.

I concentrate on her face as the nurse starts collecting the evidence from underneath her nails. I watch as the life leaves her eyes and she completely zones out. It kills me to see her so void and incoherent right now. That her pain is so wrenching that she has to escape somewhere deep inside her head.

When she lies down, the nurse explains the internal exam that she's about to do. I hear every word, but I know Candace isn't hearing a thing. She just stares at my t-shirt as tears run freely down the side of her face.

My mind is consumed with a million questions, and I know that I will probably never get any answers. I don't see Candace talking about this. Ever. I want to murder the piece of shit who did this to her.

I snap out of my internal rage when Candace screams, "Enough!" She's freaking out and shrieks, "Get out!" Scrambling back on the table, trying to get away, she keeps screaming, "Stop touching me, and get the hell out!"

"Candace, calm down, sweetie." I try to say this as calmly as I can, but seeing her reaction is throwing me into a panic as she yells at the nurse, who quickly collects everything and leaves the room.

Curling into a ball, she cries, "I want to go home."

"What happened?" I ask, wondering what triggered her outburst.

Glaring at me, she says in a slow, stern voice, "I want my clothes, Jase."

I don't say anything because I don't want to upset her any more, so I pick up my backpack, and when I turn around, the door opens and the nurse who spoke to me when I first got here steps in.

"Candace, Detective Patterson needs to ask you a few questions," she says. "Can I send him in?"

Knowing that Candace needs space, I ask, "Can she at least get dressed first?"

"Of course," she says, and then leaves the room.

I hand Candace the bag and watch as she drags herself to the bathroom. While she's in there, someone knocks on the door. I open it to see an older man with a badge clipped to his belt standing there.

"Hi, I'm the detective that's been assigned to this case."

"She's in the bathroom," I say before Candace walks out.

"Ms. Parker," he says. "I'm Detective Patterson. Do you mind if I ask you some questions?"

"Right now?"

"Yes, ma'am."

"I've already told the nurse everything. Why can't you just ask her?" I can tell she's at her end, and I just want to get her out of here. She shakes her head, and says, "Look, I don't want to press charges or anything like that, so ..."

Fuck. I knew she would do this. She avoids everything, but her words feel like a goddamn stab to my lungs.

"Ma'am, I know this is difficult, but there's a good chance we can catch this guy, and the fact that we have a witness-"

She hangs her head and completely shuts down as he continues to talk. When he hands her his card, she shoves it in her pocket. I shake the detective's hand as he walks out, and as soon as he leaves, another nurse walks back in. Christ, it's never-ending.

"I'm just going to clean up and bandage these cuts for you, okay?"

I take a seat in one of the chairs across from Candace. The nurse is cleaning up her face when I hear her ask Candace if she needs the morning after pill. My head snaps up, and I stare at Candace as she sits there for a second, revulsion plastered all over her face. "I think so," she whispers.

"Fucker," I mutter and drop my head in my hands, trying my hardest to control my anger and not start throwing my fist into the walls. I have never-not in my whole life-felt the wrath that I feel right now.

The nurse keeps talking, but I don't hear what she's telling Candace. I'm too focused on settling myself down, trying to weaken the erratic pounding of my heart. Once all the discharge papers are signed, I can't hold Candace tight enough to me as I walk her out to my car. She cringes in pain as I help her up into her seat. I reach over her and strap the seatbelt across her lap. Tears flood her eyes when I reach out to touch her face, wincing when I make contact, and then letting her head fall into my hand. She begins weeping, and I just stare at her-desolate. I wish I could do something to help her. I wish she would've come to my place tonight like I had asked her to. I could throw a thousand worthless wishes into the air, but none of them would change this nightmare, so I quit tormenting myself. I kiss her shoulder before closing the door.

She's silent as she stares out the window while I drive her back to my place. The misery is palpable; the way life can change in a matter of a moment. I look over at her as she sits there-lifeless-and I desperately want to make it all disappear.

I help her out of the car and hold her hand as we walk into the building. She keeps a death grip on my hand but doesn't speak. When I unlock the door to my apartment, she lets go of me and heads straight to my bathroom, closing the door behind her. It feels like there are bricks in the pit of my stomach, razor sharp. The past few hours are a complete haze. I hear the water to the shower turn on as I sit down on the couch. I wish I knew what to say, what to do, but I feel so helpless.

Laying my head back, I hear her start to cry. Dropping my head in my hands, I can't stop my own tears from falling. Fuck. When her cries turn into howling sobs, I leap off the couch and rush into the bathroom.

I look at her through the steamed glass, on her knees, at the bottom of the shower. I feel like all the air is sucked out of my lungs. Seeing her like this is almost unbearable, so I quickly kick off my shoes and socks, open the shower door, and wrap my arms around her from behind as she breaks. I don't know what else to do, so I just cover her bruised and cut body with mine.

I have no clue what the hell really happened, and knowing Candace, she will never say. He beat the shit out of her, that much is evident. Rage roils in my gut when I think about what he did to her. I know I have to keep it together though, 'cause she's going to need me.

Listening to her wails is excruciating. I love this girl more than anything, and to see her in this much pain kills me. I'm so scared for her; I'm afraid of what this has done to her. I know there is nothing I could possibly say, so I just cling to her as she falls apart in my arms.

When she exhausts herself and quiets down, she remains frozen in my hold. I don't think twice when I stand to get my body wash. Still in my gym shorts and t-shirt, I begin to clean her as she sits there, vacant, on the bottom of my shower. When I finish washing her hair, she finally looks up at me, and I see it. Desperation.

I shut the water off, strip out of my wet clothes, and grab some towels. Drying her off, I help her change. She just cries and apologizes as if she's a burden. I pick her up and carry her to my bed. Tucking her into me, I wrap myself around her and never loosen my grip.

Chapter eleven

I don't even question skipping my classes today. We didn't get home from the hospital until close to six o'clock this morning, and Candace has been waking from nightmares all day. When she's up, she sobs, and when she sleeps, she thrashes around and screams herself awake. I don't know what to do for her, so I just hold her.

I just finished up cleaning the cuts on her face, and she's asleep again. My phone vibrates from the nightstand and when I pick it up, I see the time is almost five p.m. I swipe my screen to see that I have several missed calls and texts from Mark and Kimber. I read a missed text from Mark first.

Why aren't you at studio?

I scroll down to the next text.

Tried calling you. Where have you been all day?

I'm not sure what to say to him. I hate that we have only been back together for a week and I feel like I have to hide things from him. I need to show him that he can trust me, but I know I can't say anything until Candace tells me what she wants.

I open up the text from Kimber next.

Freaking out. Is Candace with you? She never came home last night.

I don't respond. Candace didn't want to go home and face Kimber, so she asked to stay with me. I know she doesn't want to deal with Kimber. She's pushy and aggressive and Candace clearly wants to be left alone. She won't even talk to me.

I ignore the texts and don't even bother listening to the voicemails. I have hardly slept and I'm exhausted. Rolling over, I hold Candace and try to get in some sleep before she wakes again.

The sounds of Candace crying and vomiting in the bathroom wake me up. The apartment is dark as I rip the covers off of me, rush into the bathroom, and flip on the light. She's huddled over the toilet and begins screaming and crawling back into the corner. She's panicking, and I can't tell if she's still dreaming or not. I drop down on my knees in front of her. Gripping her wrists, I freak out when I see her glazed over eyes.

"It's okay, Candace. I'm here," I say as calmly as I possibly can.

Her eyes shift to mine, and I keep repeating, "It's okay," to her. When her screams turn to cries, I pull her into my arms and slowly rock her. I don't know what the f**k to do. I have no clue what just happened.

She clings to me and her cries start to soften, sniffing between shallow breaths. Scooping her up off the floor, I carry her to the living room and set her down on the couch. She hasn't eaten or had anything to drink since we came home, so I get a box of crackers and some bottles of water.

Handing her one of the bottles, I tell her to drink.

I sit down next to her and ask, completely confused, "What just happened?"

"I don't know. It felt like a nightmare, but I was awake," she says and then takes a drink of water.

I let out a sigh and lean over, resting my elbows on my knees. "You scared the hell out me. I know you don't want to talk, but maybe ..." I trail off when I hear her cell ring.

"You have my phone?"

Standing up, I walk over to the kitchen bar to grab it for her. "Yeah, the nurse at the hospital gave me your purse."

When I sit back down and open the box of crackers, I ask, "Who was it?"

"Kimber."

"You should call her, she's probably freaking out and wondering where you are."

"Maybe later." She sets her phone down and leans her head back on the couch, staring up at the ceiling.

"She probably knows you're with me. She sent me a text earlier asking if I knew where you were. I figured you didn't want her to know just yet, so I didn't respond."

When she rolls her head to the side to look at me, I hold a cracker up to her mouth and feed it to her.

After she swallows, she says, "I don't want anyone to know."

I knew she would react this way. I knew she'd shut herself off, and I hate that. "I know, but she's going to know that something happened. She's going to want to know how you got all these bruises."

"I don't know what to say."

"Why can't you tell her? You know she wouldn't say a word to anyone." I'm trying to support Candace, but I shouldn't have just said that. Truth is, Kimber is unreliable and unpredictable.

"I just can't. Even the way you look at me now is different."

Her words make me feel horrible. I don't want to hurt her, and I don't want to make her feel uncomfortable, but I'm worried.

She continues, "It makes me feel weird. It just reminds me that it happened when all I want to do is forget."

"You know you can't do that. It did happen."

She begins to quietly weep when she questions, "But why? I don't understand what I did that was so wrong."

"You didn't do anything wrong," I say as I run my thumbs under her eyes

"Then why did this happen to me?"

I shake my head. Her voice is so desperate. Desperate for answers I can't give her. My chest tightens, and I can't control the tears that start running down my face. "I don't know, sweetie. But I do know that you didn't do shit to deserve this. This isn't your fault."

"But maybe it is. I mean, I really led him on when I had no intentions of ..."

"You mean Jack did this?!" I snap. Holy shit. "Christ, Candace. I thought it was just some random ass**le. Why didn't you tell the police? Why didn't you say anything?" My mind is racing, and I have to fight the urge to grab my keys to go find that dipshit and kick his ass.

"Because I can't. Everyone would know. Everyone, including my parents."

I'm on f**kin' fire, and I swear to God, if he were here right now, I would murder him.

"Fuck," I spit out. I turn to look her dead on, and say, "I'm gonna kill that f**ker."

"Jase!"

"What the hell happened?" I need to know what he did to her.

"Don't."

"Candace, you have to tell me."

"Please, don't," she cries, and I know I'm scaring her, but I'm losing control.

I stand up and walk out to the balcony, slamming the door hard behind me. Rage is cutting through my veins, and I can feel it seeping through every inch of my body. Leaning my elbows on the railing, I let my head fall, and I focus on taking deep breaths as I cry. I need to calm the hell down because the look in her eyes, the fear that's there ... I can't f**kin' do that to her. As much as I hate it, I know I have to put it aside and be exactly what she needs me to be. I'm all she has and the only one she isn't hiding from.

When my head starts to clear, I sit back in one of the chairs and watch the sun begin to rise. My eyes sting, and I can't stop crying. I know I can't go back in there until I have myself in check. I try to keep my focus on Candace instead of Jack because just the slightest thought of him makes my skin burn with disgust. What kind of sick f**k would do this to someone?

When I finally walk inside, Candace is curled into a little ball on my bed. She looks so broken. I slide behind her, and wrap her up in my hold, whispering in her ear how much I love her and how sorry I am for scaring her. I know she can't hear me, but I don't have it in me to wake her up, so I just let her sleep.

Waking up, I notice Candace isn't in bed with me. I blink a few times and can feel that my eyes are swollen from how upset I was earlier this morning. When I walk into the kitchen, I see Candace standing there watching the coffee pot percolate. I walk straight to her and cup her head in my hands. Looking down at her, all I say is, "I'm sorry."

She nods her head, and I draw her in and just hold her. When the coffee is done brewing, we break our hold on one another and pour our mugs of coffee and sit on the couch.

"I didn't mean to push you earlier this morning. I just don't know what to do here."

Cradling the mug in her hands, she whispers, "I know."

She doesn't look at me; she just stares down at the ribbons of steam drifting off of her coffee. I watch her for a minute before breaking the silence. "I think you should stay here until you're ready to go back home." I want her here more for my own peace of mind. I'm worried about her nightmares, and I want to make sure I'm with her when she sleeps.

As she takes a sip from her mug, she finally looks up at me. "All my stuff is at home. What if Kimber's there?"

"How about we just drive over there, and you can get your car and come back here while I pack a bag for you? Just tell me what all you need, and I'll get it."

Letting out a sigh, she says, "Thanks. I think she might be in class this morning, so ..."

"Go throw on some clothes and let's just go then."

I can tell she's nervous when we start driving down her street, so I reach over and hold her hand, which is cold and clammy. She stares out the window, not looking at me, and quietly says, "He knows where I live, Jase."

I turn to look at her, but she's looking away. If I could keep her with me forever, I would, but I know I can't. "He won't hurt you," I say, but I don't even believe my own words. Will he? Would he be stupid enough to come to her house? My gut tells me that he will stay away, but what if he doesn't? She doesn't say anything, and I don't either.

Candace is already on her way back to my apartment, and when I'm done packing her bags and leaving her house, I shoot her a text.

Got everything you asked for and more. On my way home.

Thank you so much. See you in a bit.

Walking into the apartment, I see Candace in the bathroom as I start unpacking her bags. When she comes into the room, she starts putting her things away and I sit on the bed and, watching her as she moves around. She seems so hollow when she used to be all smiles and laughs, so full of life. She has a pained look on her face, like she's using all her strength not to cry. I wish she would; I wish I could make her-drain her of her misery-but I can't. She's so closed off.

"Stop," she says, and I snap out of my thoughts.

"What?"

She comes over and sits down next to me on the bed. "Stop looking at me like that."

I deflect her thoughts when I say, "You know Kimber's going to flip when she comes home and sees that a bunch of your things are gone."

"I know. What am I going to tell her?" she asks as she lies back on the bed.

I lie down with her and say, "We'll figure it out."

When the tears fall from her eyes, I reach down and hold her hand, squeezing tightly as I stare into her eyes. They are so swollen and bloodshot; I know they have to burn.

She curls up and rests her head on my chest. It isn't long before I feel myself falling asleep.

"Oh my God," I hear a man say, and I'm slowly pulled out of my sleep.

"What the hell happened to your face, honey?" I roll over at the sound of Mark's voice. When I open my eyes and see him looking at us, I shoot up next to Candace, who is already sitting up and hiding her face in her hands.

Needing to get him out of the room, I say, "Um, hey. I'm sorry, but could you give us just a minute?"

Mark is staring, almost in horror, at Candace then turns to me. I know he can see the panic in my face because I feel it all throughout my body. "Yeah, man. Sure. I'll just be in the other room."

Mark turns and closes the door behind him.

"Shit. I'm so sorry," she says as she hangs her head down.

"What for?"

"I don't know. For having your boyfriend see us in bed together."

"Don't worry about it. I talk about you all the time. He knows how we are; it doesn't bother him," I tell her, trying to reassure her, but I'm freaking out because now I don't know what to say to Mark. Come to think of it, I haven't spoken to him since she's been here. I haven't even thought about it because I've been so consumed with her. But Mark and I are trying to make whatever we have going on right. "Candace, I don't know what to do here. I just got back together with Mark, and I can't lie to him."

She looks up at me, and I see the worry etched across her face. She doesn't speak; she just stares at me. I can tell she's confused, but she eventually nods her head. I feel like I just asked too much of her, but I need her to do this for me, as selfish as it is. I need her to allow me to tell Mark the truth.

Lifting her chin with my finger, I assure her, "Mark would never say anything. He isn't like that."

She nods her head again as her face scrunches up in pain and she starts crying.

"Don't cry," I whisper as I wipe her tears, but they're falling too fast for me.

"I'm so embarrassed."

I band my arms around her. "I know you are, sweetie, but you shouldn't be."

I continue to hold her as her cries turn into wails. I rock her back and forth in an attempt to soothe her as she buries her head in my neck. The sounds coming out of her are so hard for me to hear, and I can't keep the pain bottled up, so I cry as quietly as I can. I've haven't cried like this-so painfully- since I lost Jace.

I manage to get myself under control as she continues to sob in my arms. She's so loud. I can only imagine what Mark must be thinking. She's been crying for nearly an hour when I look up and see Mark quietly walking across my room. My eyes follow him as he sits down next to Candace on the bed. Her arms tighten around me when Mark puts his hand on her back. I know she's embarrassed, and I f**kin' hate that. She clings to me and continues to cry as Mark and I stare at each other. He looks at me with questions written all over his face as I lay my cheek on top of her head.

When I feel Candace's body going limp in my arms, I loosen my hold and look at her. She's completely worn herself out. Mark slides off the bed and onto the floor in front of her, and she turns to look down at him. I watch him take her hand before he gently asks, "Who did this?"

I know she won't speak. I know I'll have to be the one to say it. Fuck. I don't want to say it. It's gonna kill her.

Mark's eyes stay locked on her when I clear my throat to try and speak around the lump that's lodged in it. "Um ... Candace was attacked Monday night."

When I say that, she lowers her elbows to her knees, hiding her face in her hands. I keep my hand on her back, and see Mark wrap his hands around her knees.

"What happened?" Mark asks.

Staring down at Candace, she starts shaking her head. I know I just need to say it. I shift my eyes to Mark, and he looks up at me with his brows knitted together. My face heats with tears, and I hate that Mark is seeing me like this, so I just say it.

I grip her shoulder tightly and let it out. "She was raped."

Mark's eyes close, and he huffs out a pained breath, dropping his head onto her lap as a new slew of sobs rip through Candace.

The three of us sit there and cling to each other. I hate seeing her so broken and wonder what the hell must be going through Mark's head right now. I hate feeling so powerless. I hate everything about this.

Candace begins to quiet down, and she lifts her head, wiping her face with her hands.

"I won't say anything, if you were worried about that," Mark assures her.

"I'm so tired," she responds.

"I told her she could stay here for a few days. She doesn't want anyone to know, and if Kimber saw her face, she would question her."

"I think that's a good idea," Mark tells me, then looks at Candace and says, "I know we don't know each other that well, but I'm here if you ever need me. I feel like I know you by how much Jase speaks of you. The both of us are always here for you."

God, I can't even describe what his words do to me. That he doesn't even hesitate for a second. I didn't realize how much I might actually need him because just having him here in the same room as me right now makes me feel like I have the support I've been missing to keep it together. I don't know how this guy can do that for me, but he does.

Chapter twelve

Slinging my backpack on, I hate that I'm leaving her. I look at Candace curled up on my couch, wrapped in a blanket.

"I'm fine," she tries to convince me as I walk over and kiss her head.

I can't miss any more classes this week. It's the first week of the quarter and it's the week where we pick our projects for graduation, so I have to go.

"I have a break in between my classes, so I'll come back here, okay?"

She nods her head at me as I turn to leave.

When I get to class, I see Mark sitting at a drafting table next to a window. I grab a stool and slide it beside him.

"Hey, how are you?" he asks as I sit down.

I still hate that Mark saw me crying yesterday; maybe it shouldn't bother me, but it does. No one has ever seen me like that except for Candace, but now I feel like I have to hide everything I'm feeling from her. The last thing she needs is to worry about me, but I'm having reservations about letting Mark in.

"I'm good," I lie, not knowing what else to say.

Cocking his head, I'm worried that he's going to call my bullshit, but he doesn't. "How's Candace?"

"Not good," I say. I keep my own feelings to myself and just talk to him about her. "She's having these freaky nightmares at night, and I'm really worried about her."

"What do you mean?"

"It's weird, man. It's like she's still dreaming, but her eyes are open. She says she feels like she's hallucinating. She screams and cries and gets so worked up that she begins throwing up. It's really bad."

"What does she say?" he asks me.

"Not much. She doesn't like to talk about it. She doesn't talk about anything."

Leaning his elbows on the drafting table, he looks over and says, "Maybe you could talk to her about getting on a sleeping aid or something. It might help relax her enough to get her into a deeper sleep so her dreams aren't so vivid."

I look at him and wonder how he knows about this.

Reading the curiosity on my face, he explains, "I used to have nightmares when I was in high school. I took Prazosin to help me sleep."

I don't question him about why he had nightmares; I just nod my head and say, "Yeah. I'll try talking to her."

He gives me a smile and opens his notebook when our professor walks in. It feels a little strange to be here, away from her, but it also feels nice to get a break and to see Mark. We spend the next ninety minutes discussing our final capstone projects for graduation. After class, I tell Mark that I need to go home and check on Candace before my next class.

"You mind if I tag along? I'm done for the day, so I can hang out with her while you're in your next class."

"You don't have to."

Looking over at me while we make our way through the quad, he says, "I know I don't have to, but I want to."

I nod my head and say, "Okay, I'll drop you off at your car then."

I am suddenly feeling a little self-conscious when he reaches down and takes my hand. I haven't felt this way since I first came here three years ago and started being with guys, but that never felt like this. Serious. Intimate. Something about this makes me feel very aware of the people around me. My body tenses up, but Mark never says anything. He switches the subject, and I try to focus more on what he's saying rather than what I'm feeling.

"So, the guys and I got booked to play a gig this Saturday," he says.

"Oh yeah? Where at?"

"Blur. It's a bar right off campus."

"Yeah, I've been there a couple times. Nice place," I say as we walk through the parking lot towards my car.

"I know you'll say no, but I wanted you to know that I want you to come."

When we get to my car, I unlock the doors, and he drops my hand to walk around and get in. I've only seen Mark play that one time, and that image passes through my mind. How hot he looked while playing his guitar and sweating through his shirt. Yeah, I want to see him play again, but he's right, I'm gonna say no. I just can't leave Candace for the night.

"I'm sorry," I say and he interrupts.

"Don't be. I know you need to be with Candace, I just wanted you to know."

"Thanks for understanding, man."

I turn into the lot where Mark's Range Rover is and drop him off.

"Go ahead and go on up to the apartment, I'm gonna stop by Peet's and pick up some food for Candace," I tell him as I take the key off my key ring and hand it to him.

"Okay, grab me a coffee while you're there, will ya?" Mark asks, and I nod my head before he slides out of my car.

When I arrive at Peet's, I place my order and take a seat while I wait. I watch the rain collecting on the window and allow a moment of peace among all the strain from these past few days, but that peace is short-lived when I hear that all too familiar accent.

"You look like shit."

I don't even want to look at him. He's a sick reminder of what I've been trying to escape. Mark makes me wish I could just forget about all the crap I used to do, and having Preston here just fills me with guilt. Fills me with the thought that I don't deserve someone as good as Mark.

"What do you want?" I ask with a fleeting moment of eye contact.

Dropping his head slightly to the side, he says with a cheap grin, "Pathetic," but it comes out more taunting than anything as he walks away towards the pick-up counter.

I hear my order being called, and I pick up the food and drinks that are sitting next to him. He looks over at me, and again, with the same mocking tone, tells me, "See ya around, mate."

When I walk into my apartment, I'm happy to see Mark sitting on my couch watching ESPN.

"Where's Candace?" I ask as I hand him his coffee and set the bag of food on the coffee table.

"She's sleeping. When I got here, I checked in your room, and she was passed out, so I shut the door so I wouldn't wake her."

"She's got to be tired as hell. She hardly sleeps." I sit down next to Mark and lean back into the couch, kicking my feet up on the table.

When I let out a deep breath, Mark pulls me into his arms, and I let him. I can hear his heart thudding in his chest, and I wrap my arms around him and just lie there. I'm tired as hell too. Candace keeps me up most of the night, and I feel like I haven't slept in weeks. Mark doesn't say anything. He doesn't really need to, so I shut my eyes while he holds me and watches TV. His is the only touch that has ever comforted me like this. It's so different coming from him, and I try to shut out that awkward run-in with my past. There is too much other stuff going on right now to let crap like that get to me.

Mark's arms squeeze tight around me, and the pressure wakes me up.

"Hey, you need to get back to campus for your class," he says softly, but being here, wrapped up in him, I couldn't care less about school.

"Don't look at me like that," he teases, and I know he can tell what I want, so I pull him down to me and kiss him. I keep my lips on his, needing to feel his touch. These past few days have drained me, and having this quiet time with him, although short, has given me solid ground to land on, and I needed it.

Removing my lips from his, but not wanting to, I whisper, "Thanks."

"For what?"

"This," I say, and he drops his mouth to mine but removes it too fast.

"You need to go."

I nod my head and push myself off the couch. "You gonna stay?"

"Yeah. I'll stay."

I grab my bag and lean down to give him another quick kiss, just needing one last taste before I leave.

The next couple of days are pretty much the same. Candace is still at my place, taking the week off from school and work. She emailed her professors to tell them she was out sick, and Roxy didn't question her when she called to tell her the same thing earlier this week.

I spoke to Candace last night about calling the doctor to see about getting something to help her sleep. I thought she'd put up a fight, but she didn't. I think she's just so sleep-deprived that she would do anything to get some rest. Last night, I woke up to see her still awake; I know she was fighting sleep. She told me she was scared to dream. I hurt so much for her, but have been keeping everything bottled up. I feel like I'm at my breaking point.

I'm driving home from my last class before the weekend starts. Candace mentioned going home on Monday, but I wish she would stay with me. She says that she needs to get back to her normal life. I know it's her way of avoiding, and I didn't question her. She still hasn't talked about that night, and she refuses to see a therapist. I wish she would talk, but she doesn't.

When I walk in my living room, I'm shocked to see Mark sitting on the couch with Candace.

"What are you doing here?"

"Just hanging out," he says as if this is a normal thing for him to be here while I'm out.

"Oh, I didn't know you were going to be here."

"Is that a problem?" he asks, concerned.

I smile as I walk over to Candace, kiss her head, and then look to Mark, saying, "It's never a problem. I'll be right back; I'm gonna go change."

I toss my bag in my closet and grab some clothes to go for a quick run when Candace walks in.

"How was your afternoon?" I ask her.

"It was okay. Mark's been here to keep me company."

Walking over to her as she's sitting on my bed, I look at her cuts then kiss her cheek, "Your face is looking better."

She nods and runs her hand down the side of her cheek when I continue, "Well, I'm glad he had time to stop by."

"Me too. He came by a couple of times yesterday when he was in between classes as well."

I turn around and slip my shirt on when she says this. "What?"

"What?" she questions in confusion.

"He was here yesterday too?"

"Yeah, I thought you knew. I thought maybe you told him to check in on me."

"No." I can't believe he's been coming over here to spend time with her. The fact that he would do that, on his own because he wanted to and not because I asked him to, surprises me. It's apparent that he cares for her, and knowing that she has him, the only other person who knows what she's going through, gives me reassurance that he's different-he's special. I've always known he is, but realizing he cares that much about me, to care that much for her, fills something inside of me I wasn't aware was empty.

"He really likes you, you know?"

Lacing up my shoes, I say, "I really like him too."

When I stand up and look at her, she's just staring at me.

"What?" I ask.

"If you feel that way, then why did you kiss me and not him?"

"When?"

"Just a minute ago when you walked in."

I drop my head before I look up at her. "It's not that easy for me."

"What's not easy?"

"Having people see me this way. Having you see me this way."

She shakes her head at me. "How do you think I see you?" When I don't respond, she says, "You don't have to hide from me. I love you."

I go ahead and take this moment to open up to her a bit more about this and confess, "He held my hand when we were walking through the quad the other day, and I froze up. I've never done that before with a guy, but now that I think about it, I've never really held hands with a guy."

"I don't understand."

"What I have with him is so different than what I'm used to. It's one thing for me to screw around with guys, but to be with Mark the way I want to be, like holding his hand, in front of others ... it just makes me uncomfortable to know what people might be thinking."

She stands up and walks towards me. "It doesn't matter what people think. You should be able to hold your boyfriend's hand without having to worry about what other people are thinking. Mark is great. Don't let that stuff get in the way of you guys."

Taking her hands, I draw her into me and hug her. "I know. I'm trying to get past it."

"It's another reason why I should go back home. I feel like I'm intruding on your time together."

Looking down at her, I insist, "You will never be an intrusion. I want you here," before kissing her forehead.

Chapter thirteen

"Why are you wanting to eat so late?"

"Because today was the first day that Candace went back to work. I just wanted to have something to distract her when she gets home in case it didn't go so well," I tell Mark as he walks through the apartment. Candace has been at work all evening, and I have a feeling that what she was hoping for by getting out and going back to work is not what happened. I know she expects everything to go back to the way it was by going back to her normal routines. I tried talking to her about it last night, but she's determined and completely shut me out.

"When is she supposed to be getting off?" Mark asks, coming into the kitchen and leaning up against the counter as I finish chopping the tomatoes for the bruschetta.

"A little after eleven."

"Can I help?"

Looking at him, I smile and say, "Yeah, could you turn the heat down on the sauce and stir it?"

I watch him as he walks over to the stove and fiddles with the knob. I laugh to myself because I can see that he isn't comfortable in the kitchen.

Adding the oil to the tomatoes and onions, I look over at Mark and ask, "Will you go turn up the music?"

"Yeah, sure," he says, and then comes back to the stove to stir the sauce again. I know he hasn't a clue what the hell he is supposed to be doing, but I find it sweet that he's trying to be helpful. I come up behind him and start nipping along his neck. When he turns in my arms, he looks over my shoulder and says, "Hey!"

I turn to see Candace standing in the middle of the living room and the look on her face tells me everything that I feared. She looks upset and starts walking to my bedroom. Leaning my hands against the counter, Mark slides his hand over my shoulder and says, "I'll go talk to her."

I want to say something, but it's taking everything in me to keep myself in check. I hate seeing that look on her face. She tries to be so strong, and I could see that she was fighting hard not to cry.

I nod my head and Mark kisses the center of my neck before heading back to my room, and I try to keep myself busy by finishing up dinner.

They are back there for quite a while, but when they return, Candace is smiling. I walk straight to her and bring her in for a hug before kissing her. "Hey, sweetie. How was work?"

"Weird at first, but it wound up being a busy night, which was good," she says as she picks out a bottle of wine and starts to open it.

I quickly slice up the baguette and set it on the bar with the bruschetta. Candace and Mark sit and eat while talking. It's great that they have become friends. It makes me feel more content, knowing that Candace has him to lean on as well as me.

"Hey, didn't your band have a show last night?" Candace asks Mark.

"Yeah, we played at Blur. It was a great gig; the place was packed."

"I've never been there before."

Looking over at her, I tease, "Candace, you haven't been anywhere." She scrunches her face at me, which causes me to laugh. "You should really hear them play sometime. You'd like their sound."

There's a knock at the door, and Mark hops off the barstool to go answer it. I rush to Candace's side when I see Kimber walk in. Crap. Both Candace and I have been avoiding her calls and texts, and she looks pissed.

"What the hell is going on?" she barks. Fuck, she's mad. "You two have been avoiding me all week, and I have no clue what I did to piss you guys off!"

"We're not pissed at you," I try and convince her. I know she doesn't believe me, so I try to cover for Candace because I know she's freaking out by the shock on her face. "Candace just wanted a little time away, that's all."

"From me? I'm supposed to be your best friend!" she says, looking at Candace. "Why won't you talk to me?" she demands.

"I'm sorry," Candace says, and Mark walks back into the kitchen. Candace looks scared as shit, and I would say just about anything to get Kimber to leave her alone, but when Candace sits on the couch, she starts talking. "Jack and I got into an argument at the party. I was upset, he was drunk, so I called Jase to come pick me up."

I help her out by adding, "I suggested she stay here in case he showed up at your house. That's all."

"So why couldn't you just call me and tell me?"

"I didn't want you getting involved. You can sometimes overreact, and I just wanted everything to die down without any drama. It's no big deal, and I haven't heard from him. It's over, so can we just drop it?" Candace says, and when I look down at her hands, I see that she's shaking.

"Bullshit!" Kimber snaps and starts walking out.

"Kimber, wait. Please don't be mad at me. I'm coming back home this week. It's not a big deal, please don't make it into one."

She walks up to Candace, and I am back at her side, holding her hand when Kimber says, "You're the one who made it such a big deal when you decided to avoid me all week. We have always been honest with each other, but if you really want me to believe your story, then fine. I believe you."

Candace drops back down to the couch when the door slams shut and begins to cry.

"I don't know what to do." She looks up at me and pleads, "What do I do?"

Sitting down next to her, she falls into my arms and cries. Mark comes in and sits opposite her and rubs her back, trying to calm her down.

"She's so mad at me. She's never been mad at me."

"Just give her some time," I tell her. "We've both been avoiding her, so you can't blame her for being upset."

"It's all my fault."

"It's not your fault, Candace," Mark assures her, and I listen as he continues. "It's just the shit situation you were dealt, but it's not your fault. You can't blame yourself for this, for any of this."

She pulls back from me and turns to face Mark.

"What do I do?" she asks him.

Wiping his thumbs across her cheeks, he tells her, "You do whatever you need to do to get through the day. You do what you need to do to protect yourself. That's all you can do."

"Even if it hurts her?"

"I don't think you can do anything else, sweetheart, when you're trying so hard to just hang on."

Hearing them talk, hearing his words to her ... it's near perfect.

I'm supposed to take her back home tomorrow morning before her classes, but I can't have her leave with Kimber so mad. "I want you to stay," I tell her.

She leans back on the couch, Mark and I on either side of her. "I can't stay."

"You can. Give Kimber a few days to cool down at least."

"But I feel like I'm just interfering with you guys."

Letting out a sigh of irritation, I tell her, "You're not. I already told you this the other day."

She turns to look at Mark and eyes him for his input.

"Jase is right. You should give her a little time to calm down."

You home?

Yeah. AutoCAD is going to be the death of my laptop.

I've been trying to get some work done on my project while Candace is in class. It's her first day back, and I've been worried about her all day. My phone chimes again with another text from Mark.

Mind if I stop by?

Never.

Mark and I haven't spent a whole lot of time together, just being alone, so I shut down my computer and pour a cup of coffee. I don't have to wait very long before he gets here.

"Hey, what have you been up to?" he says as he walks up to me and gives me a hug.

I pull him in for a quick kiss before I respond. "Just trying to get some work done, but my computer is running slow as shit today."

Mark seems a bit distracted as he nods and takes a seat on the couch. I walk over and sit next to him when he says, "Can we talk for a second?"

"Yeah, what's up?"

Shifting to face me he asks, "Have you heard from Candace today?"

"No. She has her two-hour studio today and a lecture. But she should be back soon."

"You worried?"

"Always," I say as I kick my feet up on the coffee table and lean back into the couch. I watch Mark, and I can tell he wants to say something, and now I'm not worrying about Candace so much. "What's up with you?" I ask him and when he looks at me, I can definitely tell he's nervous.

"Look, I know you love Candace, and I need you to know that I do too. She's amazing. But I think her staying here is hurting her more than it's helping."

I let out a deep breath and look straight forward as he continues. "I think her going back home will help her. She's so dependent on you right now, and I worry that she's going to fall into a rut."

I turn back to him and defend, "She has really bad nights."

"I know this isn't easy on you. I get it. And I know you want her here, but I think her standing on her own will maybe force her to deal with this more."

What he's saying makes sense. Of course I want her here. All I want to do is protect her. Looking down at the cup of coffee, I nod my head, and Mark takes it from my hands and sets it on the table.

"You two are so close, and I understand why, but I think her going back home might be the best thing you can do for her." He takes my hand in his and says, "You can't keep her here forever, you know?"

But I want to.

Mark and I both turn around when the door opens and we see Candace walking in. She quickly glances our way while walking straight to the bathroom. I look at Mark and sigh when I hear her turn on the shower.

"You know her better than I do. I just wanted to be honest with you and tell you my thoughts." Mark looks down and shakes his head before looking back up. "I'm sorry if I-"

Cutting him off, I tell him, "Don't be sorry. It's fine. And maybe you're right. I just feel helpless, and I don't know what else to do."

He lies back next to me and we just sit there. Mark is right; I can't hide her away forever. She has to be able to deal with this on her own, but I hate the thought of not being there for her because I know that right now, she's crying in the shower. I could see it all over her face when she walked through the door. Guilt is a bitch, and it's consuming me as I sit here with Mark.

I look over at him with defeat written all over my face. He reaches out and runs his hand down my neck before I just can't take it anymore. I hop off the couch and walk into the bathroom.

Sure enough, she's sitting in the corner of the shower with her head in her hands. I open the door and shut off the water, handing her a towel. When she looks up at me with bloodshot eyes, I reach for her hand and help her up. Wrapping the towel around her, we walk into my bedroom.

"Talk to me, sweetie."

She heads over to the closet and tells me, "Give me a second and I'll come out, okay?"

"Okay."

When I return to Mark, he stands up and places his hands on either side of my face. "She will be okay," he tries to assure me, and all I can do is nod.

When she comes out into the living room she scrunches in between the two of us.

"What happened?" I ask as I lace my fingers with hers.

"Nothing happened. I just ... I didn't think I'd be so scared."

"Scared of what?"

She looks at me with tears rimming her eyes and says, "Of him."

When I shake my head, she continues, "What if I see him? I was so paranoid all day. I kept thinking I would turn a corner and he would be there. It was awful."

"Have you ever seen him on campus before?" Mark questions, and she shakes her head. "Do you want me to try and meet you when your classes get out so you don't have to walk across campus alone?"

I snap my head to look at Mark when he says this. I can't believe how genuine this guy is. Even though I don't want Candace to leave, I know that Mark's heart is in the right place with what he said to me. He's probably seeing things more clearly than I am. But before I can even mention anything, she says, "I'll be fine. I just need to keep going about my days like I used to." Looking up at me, she asks, "Can you come home with me on Wednesday. I don't want to go alone in case Kimber is there."

"What?"

"I need to go back home. I just want you to come with me."

I'm caught off guard when she says this, and when I look across at Mark, he gives me an encouraging nod.

"Yeah, of course. But-"

"Jase. I'll be fine."

I don't believe her lie for one second, but I don't say anything because I know she doesn't want me to. Nothing about this feels good to me.

Chapter fourteen

I grab Candace's bags and follow her down to the parking garage. I hate that she's going home. I hate this feeling in the pit of my stomach. I just hate this whole situation. She tried convincing me that she would be okay when we woke up this morning. She finally got her sleeping pills and the past two nights she's been getting more rest. She still wakes throughout the night, but she hasn't had a nightmare. I still worry though; I can't help it.

"I'll follow you," I tell her as I toss her bags in her trunk.

"Okay."

When we drive up to her house, Kimber's car is gone. Candace has been uneasy about seeing her again, and I don't blame her.

When I get out of my car, I get her bags and carry them in for her.

"Are you sure everything is all right?" I ask as I start helping her unpack.

"Yeah, Jase. I can't stay with you forever, and you and Mark don't need me around all of the time."

It upsets me that she feels this way, but I can also tell that Mark has been feeling the same thing as well. We barely get to spend any alone time together and I know it bothers him, but he would never come out and say anything. He's too nice.

I watch Candace, and I know she's upset. The thought of her sleeping alone tonight bothers me, but Mark is right, this is probably the best thing for her, so I need to put my feelings aside and just let her be.

"What time do you get off work tonight? Do you want me to meet you afterward?" I ask.

"I close tonight, so I'll leave around eleven, but you don't have to meet me there. I'm working with Roxy, so I won't be alone."

She grabs her laundry basket and starts heading toward the laundry room as I follow. When we walk into the living room, I pick up my backpack and Candace walks me to the door.

"Thank you," she says, and I turn to face her.

"For what?"

"Everything." When her brows pinch together, I know she is trying not to cry.

"Sweetie, I feel like I haven't done nearly enough."

I know she doesn't like to talk when she gets like this, so she shakes her head and the tears spill over. I pull her into me and brace my arms tightly around her, combing my fingers through her hair until she settles down.

"You keep the key to my place, okay? Come over anytime you need, even if it's the middle of the night."

Nodding her head, she finally speaks. "I love you."

"I love you too. Text me tonight when you get home."

"Okay," she says, and I give her a kiss before turning to walk to my car.

I told Mark I would come over to his place after I dropped Candace off, so I start driving that way. I take this time to relieve myself of everything I have been keeping bottled up this past week. The tears come effortlessly. The pain that I feel for Candace is unreal. I want to turn my car around and go pick her up. I feel guilty that I'm going to spend my day with Mark and not her.

Turning into his driveway, I wipe the tears with the back of my hand before getting out of the car. I know I look like shit, and I know Mark will be able to tell how upset I am, but for once, I don't let it bother me. The way he has been there for me and for Candace this past week has revealed a side of him that I find myself falling for.

As I walk to his front door, I know I am walking towards a person who has proven to be dependable for me. So when I knock and he answers, I don't hide my pain. It's written all over me.

He wraps his arms around me, and I finally let my walls down and cry. He pulls me inside, and I grab onto him as I let out everything I've been keeping in. Mark doesn't say a word; he just holds me tight and allows me to accept the comfort that only he can give me. I can't do this with Candace because I need to be her anchor, but I've finally found a person that I can do this with. I'm finally allowing myself to be open enough to have this release, and to have it with Mark is more than what I deserve.

Shifting back from me, he braces his hands on the sides of my face and looks into my eyes. I don't hide from him. I don't want to. He leans in and presses his lips onto mine. This kiss is different. I feel like I need it. Like I couldn't breathe without it. So I don't move as we linger in this moment for a little longer.

We finally drag our lips from each other, and I rest my forehead against his as I take in a deep breath. Mark holds my hand and walks me over to the couch to sit down. Leaning back in his arms, I say, "Sorry."

"Don't be."

"I just don't know what to do," I admit.

"You're doing everything you can do, babe. Was she okay when you left?"

"She was crying. I hate seeing her like that. She never used to cry. Ever. And now, it's all she seems to do."

Mark tightens his grip around me, and when he does, I feel a need for closeness consume me, so I decide to talk for a while. "She's just broken, and I don't know how to fix her. And now I feel guilty that I'm here with you and not there with her. But at the same time, I feel like an ass because I want to be here with you ... alone. I know you want to have time with me, and I want to give you that, but I'm torn in a way, and no matter what, I feel guilty."

"Jase, you're not doing anything wrong, and neither Candace nor I feel that you are. That's only in your head." He takes a moment before he continues. "And yes, of course I want time alone with you. But I need you to want that too. Same page, right?"

"I do want that but not with the guilt."

He shifts so that he is looking at me when he says, "Knowing that you want it, guilt or not, is all I need. I hate that you feel guilty, but I know it's only because you love so much. I promise you, you're not doing anything wrong, so you shouldn't hold your choices against yourself."

When I see the sincerity in his eyes, I try to convince myself of his words. I sit up and lean my elbows on my knees, and when I feel the touch of Mark's hand on my back, I drop my head and blink out the tears that have been rimming my eyes. Thoughts of Jack start to pierce into my thoughts, and I grow angry as I think about how much this has changed her. When I think about what that piece of shit did to her, I feel my blood heat in my veins. Resting my head in my hands, I seethe, "I want to kill him."

"Who?"

"Jack. The ass**le that did this to her." I stand up, not able to sit still with the bitter fury that is starting to overtake me.

As I pace back and forth, Mark scoots to the edge of the couch and says, "I know you do."

My gut roils with anxiety and rage. Raking my hand through my hair, I turn to Mark and tell him, "She begged me to not do anything, but I have to. Fuck!"

"You are doing something. You're giving her what she needs from you." He says this so calmly, but I feel myself starting to lose it.

"It's not enough when that son of a bitch isn't paying for this shit!" I spit out and take my car keys out of my pocket. "Fuck it!" I rush to the door, but Mark lurches over the back of the couch and is there before me. "Get the f**k outta my way, man."

"You need to calm your shit down," he says in an even, stern tone.

Reaching out to force him to move, he takes one quick step to the side, banding his arms around my sternum and pinning my arms to my sides.

"Get the f**k off me!" I bend my arms and try thrashing my elbows into him, but I can't get any movement.

"Not until you calm down."

Adrenaline is pumping through me, but his hold is too strong for me to break. "You didn't f**kin' see her, Mark! You didn't see what that f**ker did to her!"

"I saw enough, man! I get it."

"He f**kin' destroyed her!" This time, when I jerk my body, I break his hold on me.

When I get to the door, he yells, "You're the only one she trusts!" His words stop me from turning the knob. "If you leave, you'll f**k that up for her."

Everything tunnels, and all I can see is her on the bottom of my shower. My heart is heavy, and it beats hard against my chest. I feel so goddamn worthless. I don't move as I speak into the door, breathless. "She's never going to do anything about this. She's just gonna pretend it never happened, and he's never pay for what he did." I choke back a breath as tears fall down my face and then turn to look at him. "So tell me ... what the hell do I do?" I beg and when he steps to me, I drop my head into the curve of his neck and break.

Mark wraps himself around me and doesn't loosen his grip. I feel myself start to calm down and try and force myself to relax. "I feel worthless knowing who did this and where to find him but not doing anything."

"I know you do, but you have to get your head around reality." When he says this, I pull back and look at him dead on. He wipes my cheeks with his knuckles and says, "Reality is, if you beat the shit out of him, then what? You break your promise to Candace and wind up hurting her more."

"So I just do nothing and let him get away with this?" I ask, not sure if I can do that.

"If that's what she wants, then, yes. But that's her cross to bear, not yours." When I drop my head, he tells me, "You have to stop beating yourself up. You aren't doing anything wrong, Jase."

I let out a deep sigh, feeling defeat wash over me. "She's all I've had for a long time."

"I know."

"I can't lose her."

"I know, but you can only do so much."

"But I feel like I'm not doing enough."

"You don't even have to do anything ... it's enough because you're enough."

His words hit deep. I suddenly think back to how I hurt him. How could I be so scared of someone that's so sweet? I take his hand in mine and offer another apology for my actions. "I'm so sorry that I hurt you before."

Giving me a hint of a smile, he says, "It's done with."

"It doesn't make it right."

"I know, but I also understand why you did it, and I hate that you ever felt that way." Tugging on my hand, he says, "Come on. You look exhausted, and I have no intentions of going to class today."

He leads me to his room, and we kick off our shoes before lying down in bed. Mark pulls the covers over us, and I draw him in close to me, grazing my jaw along his neck. I've never lost my cool like that in front of anyone, but having him see me so stripped makes me feel a new level of closeness with him.

"I have an idea," he mumbles close to my ear.

"What's that?"

"Why don't we have a night in with Candace? Try and take her mind off of everything. Just have fun."

Tilting my chin up, I kiss him. I wrap my hand around the back of his neck and grip tight.

"So that's a yes?" he laughs when I pull back.

"Thanks," I whisper against his skin, and he presses his lips to mine as I breathe, "No one has ever given me what you do."

He runs his hand down my cheek and looks me in the eyes when he tells me, "I want to give you everything." Those words are the only affirmation I need to know how he feels about me-about us-and I feel it too.

Mark and I spent most of the day in bed together. We really needed this time, so we took it. Having him like this ... it feels right. For once, it finally feels right. In the midst of this chaos that surrounds me, he has a way about him that brings me back to solid ground. I know I need him. I need him in a way I haven't needed anyone in the past.

We go back to my place after running out for a quick dinner. I told Mark that I gave Candace a key to my apartment, and that I wanted to be there in case she came over in the middle of the night. He agreed that was probably the best thing to do.

Both of us get ready for bed, and I'm happy that we don't have to be apart, especially after today. A big piece of me needs him close right now. I lie down and Mark slides in behind me, wrapping his body around mine. I reach for my phone when it chimes. "It's Candace," I say as I open the text to read. She texted me when we were at dinner to let me know she had gotten off work and was heading home.

Goodnight. I miss u.

I hold the phone out so that Mark can read what she sent and what I type back to her.

Miss u too. Did u see Kimber?

Yeah. Didn't really say much. It's awkward.

I'm sorry, sweetie. Hopefully it will get better and things will get less weird for you guys.

Maybe. Is Mark with you?

Yeah.

Tell him I said HI. Love you guys.

We love you too.

I set the phone down next to my pillow, and Mark nestles his head in the crook of my neck, giving it a couple pecks before asking, "Are you okay?"

I shake my head no.

"Talk to me?"

"It doesn't feel right," I say as I roll over in his arms and face him. "Neither one of us wants to be alone, but I'm here with you, and she's all by herself."

His eyebrows knit together, and he lets out a sigh. He doesn't say anything, but really, what can he say? He just kisses me and holds me, and for some reason, it's enough.

The heat from the sun feels good on my face. The mixture of sand and salt on my skin and in the air I breathe is comforting, and I need it so badly-the comfort. How did I get here? How did life get so f**ked up? I stare out at the sun as its first drop of fire hits the water and soaks it up.

"This is my favorite part, you know? Fire and water."

"Yeah," I whisper.

"The way they melt together flawlessly. You wouldn't think that two things that should never unite would be so perfect for each other, but they are. It's beautiful."

Her voice echoes in my head as I see the reflection of fire scatter across the choppy water. She's right. It's beautiful.

"I miss you." The words hurt coming out of me. My throat constricts in pain, and my voice trembles. But I have to say it.

"I've never left you."

"I've needed you so many times, but you're never there," I choke out around the tears that run down my face.

"I'm here, Jase."

Peeling my eyes away from the blue ocean, I meet gold. She still looks the same. Eighteen years old and soft golden eyes. I age, and she remains. You would think she would be cold, but when I reach over and take her hand in mine, she's so warm. She's gorgeous but painful to look at.

She smiles-happy and peaceful.

"I'm so alone, Jace."

As she shifts to face me, she says, "No, you're not."

I don't respond. I simply stare at her, etching every detail into my memory because I know this won't last. It can't. Life is just cruel like that.

"She's going to be okay."

Denying her words, I say, "I don't think so. She's so lost."

"You're her home. You can't be lost if you're home," she assures me.

"But you're my home. So where does that leave me?"

She shakes her head slightly when she questions, "What about Mark? What is he to you?"

"I don't really know. God, Jace, I've done horrible things," I confess as I continue to cry. "Mom and Dad won't even talk to me."

"You couldn't keep lying to them though. And Mark loves you. You can't be afraid for the world to see you."

"I'm afraid they won't understand."

"Maybe they won't, but the Jase I know wouldn't care what others think. You're g*y ... so what?"

Her words make me laugh, and I've needed to hear them for so long.

"You're so much stronger than this. Don't let life stand in the way of what you want-what you deserve." She grips my shoulders under her hands and tells me, "Life isn't gonna be here forever. It passes by quickly and the time is lost, so don't waste it." When she lets go of me, she turns to stare out at the water. "Jase, you have everything that was stolen from me. I lost it all and you're wasting it. And for what? Because you're scared?"

Taking her words, I admit, "I think I might love him." I meet her eyes and continue, "I know I hardly know him, but I think I could really love him."

Her smile is perfect and everything I need to see right now. We turn our attention back to watch the last of the sun before it's completely submerged in the water. A union that should never be but always is. Day after day. A cycle that never ends.

I'm content. In this moment, I'm happy. I feel like I have everything until I look to my side and find myself staring down an endless path of sand.

My eyes flood, and I let them fall shut.

When I open my eyes again, I stare out the rain-covered window in my room. Even though Mark's arms are wrapped around me, I want to leave him and go back. Just like that-she's gone, and I am here, under the gray-covered sky, far from our beach.

Sitting up, I turn and shift to the edge of the bed and lower my head in my hands. I replay her words; I try not to lose the sound of her voice, but my focus is interrupted when I hear, "Are you okay?"

I hate that dreams have to end, but they do, and reality ensues.

I turn and fall back down on the bed. Mark doesn't say anything else, he just watches me as I lie here. My chest hurts. It aches. I'm sure the pain is written on my face. Rolling on my side, towards Mark, I tell him, "I miss her."

"Who?"

"My sister."

He reaches over and pulls me close to him. I can see the question in his eyes, and I know he doesn't know what to say, so I fill in the blanks for him. "She was in my dream." I pause before revealing, "I know it isn't real, but it feels like it is."

"I don't know what to say," he admits, but I move past his words and continue.

"She knew everything; I didn't even have to tell her." I watch as Mark's eyes begin to rim with tears that he never allows to fall. I'm pretty sure I know what he's thinking: You're crazy. Of course she knows everything; she's just a figment of your imagination. It's all in your head. I know that's logic, but I choose not to believe it.

I lie there in his arms as I allow my mind to drift back to the beach, not wanting to lose her just yet. Pretending that the warmth of Mark's body is the warmth of the sun. I know it's desperate, but I do it anyway.

Chapter fifteen

"What the hell is all this?" I ask as I dig through the black and white Sephora bag that Mark tossed on the coffee table.

"I told you, we're gonna make her smile tonight."

Taking out a small tub, I read the label, "Glam Glow? Tingling and exfoliating mud mask." I start laughing and shake my head.

"Dude, girls like this shit."

"Really?" I say with a tilt of my head. "How do you know?"

"'Cause my sisters are into this junk."

I tease Mark, but I love that he has gone to this length to give my girl a fun night. I watch him as he walks into my kitchen, takes a bottle of beer from the fridge, and returns to his bag of nail polish, pore strips, and a couple more things I can't recognize. He makes me laugh, and I intend on thoroughly enjoying watching him emasculate himself tonight.

I take advantage of the alone time we have before Candace gets here and all but devour him on the couch. I'm surprised that we haven't had sex yet. Normally that's the first thing I do with guys. Hell, that's the only thing I have ever really done with guys. But with Mark, it doesn't bother me to move slowly.

We scramble off the couch when we hear the door open. Candace steps in and gives both of us a knowing look, but Mark grabs her hand and starts talking to her before she can say anything.

After a few beers, I sit back in my chair and watch Candace and Mark apply mud to each other's faces.

Laughing, I say to Mark, "You know how ridiculous you look with that shit on you?"

"Shut up," Candace teases. "Your face could benefit from a good cleansing if your panties weren't wadded up so tight."

Mark and I both laugh, and it's nice to see her in a more lighthearted mood. Candace sips her wine as she questions Mark about everything from his band to his family. She props her feet on his lap and Mark proceeds to paint her toenails. I watch him with her. He sits there, wearing nothing but a pair of gym shorts, with mud on his face, trying to cheer up the only other girl I have ever loved aside from my sister. It's in this moment that I know I'm starting to fall in love. The fact that he is doing this, and I know it's more for me than it is for her, makes me see how much he really does care.

When Mark finishes, he hops off the couch and heads into the kitchen.

"Grab me a water while you're in there," Candace hollers to Mark as he's rummaging around.

When he starts sauntering back into the living room, water in hand, with his face covered in a brown facial mask, I notice the smile that finally appears on Candace's face. I laugh at how ridiculous Mark looks right now.

Handing Candace the bottle of water, he says, "Here you go, sweetheart."

"Thanks." She shakes her head at him and grins.

I hear her let out a small giggle and then she turns to look at me. I feel less weight in my chest knowing that Mark just gave her this. If only for a moment, he gave her a piece of her old self back.

I give her a wink before Mark falls across my lap and pulls me in for a kiss, getting mud all over my face. "Dude, that shit is everywhere!" I try to say with force, but it's betrayed by my laughter.

"Come on. Kiss me, Jase," he teases, and I try pushing him away, but he fights to stay on top of me, smearing that crap all over me. Mark and I both stop wrestling when we hear Candace laughing loudly at us. The three of us stare at each other, all knowing each other's thoughts without even speaking. We know what just happened was big, so we just absorb the moment.

When it starts getting late, Mark and Candace go to the bathroom to clean their faces off, and I get ready for bed. I can hear the two of them laughing quietly over the running water. It's the best damn sound in the world to me right now, and he gave it to me.

When they walk into the room, Candace slips under the covers, and I wrap myself around her as Mark slides in behind me and wraps himself around me. I love that the three of us can be here. These are the two people I love the most, and knowing they love each other too is near perfect.

Candace lets out a deep breath and says, "Thanks guys."

I kiss the top of her head when Mark says, "Anytime," and then presses his lips to the back of my neck.

Candace wound up spending most of the day with me. Mark had to get some stuff done before his show tonight. It's been a while since I've heard him play, but tonight I'm going with him to Blur to hang out.

I shrug on my shirt and throw some gel in my hair when I hear my cell ring.

"You here?"

"Yeah. I'm around the corner by Peet's," Mark says.

Walking out of my building, I round the corner and see Mark's white Range Rover parked by the curb. When I hop in, I lean over and give him a quick kiss before he starts making the short drive to the bar. He parks in the back lot and grabs his guitar from the backseat.

"So, Ryan, the guy that owns this place, wants us to start playing every Saturday," he says as we start walking through the lot to the back door.

"Yeah? You guys gonna commit to that?"

"I think so. The money is really good and saves us the headache of trying to find gigs around the city."

Opening the door, we walk through the back and into the bar. The place is packed, but then again, it's after nine o'clock on a Saturday night.

"Hey, man."

"Hey," Mark says to a guy whose arms are covered in tattoos. "Chas, this is Jase." Looking over at me, he says, "Chasten plays drums."

Nodding my head, I say, "Yeah, I think we've met before."

We shake hands and then he tells Mark, "Everyone's ready, so we should-"

"Hey, guys, can you get the others and meet me in my office real quick."

"Yeah, no problem," Mark says to the guy that is approaching us. "Ryan, this is Jase, the guy I was telling you about."

Ryan reaches out his hand, and I shake it as he says, "Jase, man. Good to meet you."

"Yeah, same here," I respond, and I wonder what Mark has told him. I start to feel a little insecure being with Mark like this around these guys. I wish I didn't. I wish I could be as comfortable as Mark is, but I'm not. Not yet.

Chasten follows Ryan to the back and Mark tells me, "I gotta go with them. I'll catch up with you later though." I nod my head, and I tense up when he kisses me. I know he senses my reaction by the look on his face.

"I'm gonna go get a beer. I'll see you later," I say before Mark turns away.

I walk over to the large bar and have to wait a while before one of the girls comes over.

"Hey, sorry about the wait. I'm Mel. What can I get you?"

"You have Full Sail? Amber?"

"Yeah. In the bottle," she replies as I nod my head.

"Jase." I turn to see Ryan standing beside me, leaning his elbows on the bar top. "You ever been here before?"

"Yeah. This crowd is a bit insane though," I say when Mel hands me the beer.

"Here you are."

"Don't bother with a tab, Mel," Ryan tells her.

"Thanks, man."

"No problem," he says when I hear Mark's band starting to play.

The music is loud and blasts through the bar. I take a seat on the stool that opens up next to me and drink my beer. Leaning my back against the bar, I watch Mark as he plays. He looks hot with his guitar slung low on his body. Muscles flexing in his arms and shoulders as he plays.

"Your guy's band is f**kin' popular. They brought in a huge crowd last time they played here as well."

Having him refer to Mark as my guy makes me uncomfortable. The fact that he knows I'm g*y and that Mark is my boyfriend, embarrasses me. Not because of Mark. It's me, and I know this. Ryan doesn't seem to be phased by it at all, which surprises me. To look at him, you can tell he is all man.

"You go to school together?" he asks when I don't respond to his last statement.

"Yeah," I holler over the music. "We're in the same major."

"And what's that?"

"Architecture."

He turns around and yells for Mel to grab him a beer when a guy approaches him from behind and claps his shoulder.

"Ryan! Fuck, man!"

He turns around and questions, "What?"

"That chick you flung on me last night was a f**kin' psycho."

Ryan shakes his head and introduces us. "Jase, this is my dick of a friend, Gavin."

"What the f**k ever," Gavin says as he laughs at Ryan. Looking at me, he says, "Watch out for this dipshit, and don't let him hook you up with anyone. His matchmaking skills suck balls."

"Find your own ass, Gav. I'm not your f**kin' hookup."

"Not anymore. What the hell has happened to you lately?"

"Nothing," Ryan tells him. "Just sick of wasting my time."

Turning to me, Gavin says, "Ryan's been a bit of a pu**y lately."

I laugh at him and take a swig of my beer.

"Don't waste your time buddying up with Jase," Ryan tells him.

"Sad. I guess it's just me trying to get laid, huh?"

"Sorry. Looks like it," I say.

"Are these the same guys that played here last week?" he asks Ryan.

"Yeah, they're gonna be playing here every Saturday now. They just signed a contract earlier."

"They looking for a label?"

"Ask this guy. I have no clue," Ryan responds as he tips the neck of his bottle towards me.

"You know them?"

"Yeah," I say. "But I dunno. I only know Mark and just met the drummer."

"This is Mark's guy," Ryan tells him, and f**k if that doesn't make me want to leave this bar. But Gavin doesn't even blink when he says, "Yeah, I met Mark the other day. Cool guy. Well, if they are, I work for Sub Pop Records. I'd be interested in talking with them."

I nod my head, still feeling awkward, and turn to holler for another beer. Ryan wanders off while I wait for Mel to get my drink. Sitting down next to me, Gavin says, "How long have you known Ryan?"

"Just met him tonight," I say as Mel hands me the beer. I turn back around and watch Mark while listening to Gavin talk about some of his history with Ryan. From what I'm hearing, Ryan doesn't seem too far off from me. Well, from who I used to be before I started seeing Mark. I don't judge him 'cause I have to wonder what demons he must be trying to cover up. I can tell Gavin f**ks around for the sake of f**king around. This kid is obnoxious, but he's hot; I'll give him that much credit.

I look over and spot a tall blonde running her hands down Ryan's stomach, but he clutches her wrist before she can slip them in his pants. Whatever he's saying to her is pissing her off. He lets go and starts walking back toward the bar.

"What the hell is up with you? That chick was all over your nuts," Gavin says.

Ryan ignores him and leans over the bar to holler at Mel. "Mel, I'll be up in my office. I'll come down later, okay?"

"Yeah, no problem, Ry," she says as she's mixing a drink.

Gavin catches Ryan's arm and questions, "Dude, seriously? What the hell is going on with you?"

Jerking his arm back, he says, "Not in the mood."

"You haven't been for a couple weeks."

As he shakes his head, looking frustrated as hell, he says, "You wouldn't get it, man," before turning and walking away.

"That guy used to be so much fun. Used to bang anything that stepped in front of him. Dude's been in a f**ked up mood lately."

"Maybe he just got tired of using people," I say, and he looks over at me, eyebrows raised.

"It's not using when they willingly give."

I don't expect him to understand, so I don't bother saying anything else, and luckily I don't have to when that same blonde approaches him and diverts his attention away from me. I just sit back, drink my beer, and watch the one guy I know I would never use the way I did so many before him.

I spend the next hour drinking and getting to know Mel a little better. She's a pretty cool chick. Her husband is a drummer in a local band. We talk off and on while she works, and eventually Ryan returns. Sitting next to me, he looks worn out. Mel sets down a cup of coffee in front of him and after he thanks her, he turns to look at me.

"Did Gav leave?"

I look over my shoulder when the band stops playing. Mark slings his guitar over his head, and I turn back to Ryan.

"I don't know. He ran off with some girl over an hour ago, so probably."

Shaking his head, he says, "Sorry about earlier. He's a lot to take at times."

I turn around when I feel Mark's hand on my shoulder. He looks hot as hell. His sweaty shirt clings to him and my conflicting feelings start colliding.

"Hey, you bored yet?" he asks.

"No. I had the pleasure of hanging out with Gavin for a while," I joke and hear Ryan laughing.

"That guy's crazy, but funny as hell," Mark says as he wraps his arm around me. I move back slightly when he starts to pull me closer to him. "You okay?"

"Yeah, just tired." I lie to him. I hate that. I'm not okay. Fuck. I wish I was, but I'm not. I hear my sister's words replay in my head: "The Jase I know wouldn't care what others think." But to not care takes more strength than I think I have. Mark has never done anything wrong; he's perfect. He deserves to be with someone like him. Someone sure of himself and not so damn awkward and scared for people to see him for what he is.

I know Mark senses my hesitation because he quickly removes his arm, grabs the beer that Mel set down for him, and walks towards Chasten, who is still on stage working on his drum kit.

"You guys okay?" Ryan asks as he sips his coffee.

I try blowing it off and respond with, "Yeah. It's been a crazy couple of weeks."

"You have no idea, man," he says and then lets out a sigh. Clearly this guy has a lot on his mind, but I don't say anything as we sit there and drink.

For the next half hour, Mark's band finishes their last set. A couple of girls approach Ryan, and he pushes them away without giving them a glance. Mel walks over to him and whispers, "Why don't you head home? Max and I can close everything up."

He doesn't speak when he pushes his coffee mug towards her and stands up. Giving me a nod, he turns and walks away. Mel takes the mug, and when I look at her, she just shakes her head and quietly says, "Don't ask."

When the night winds down, Mark packs up his stuff, and I follow him out to his car. He seems irritated from earlier, so the drive back to my place is silent. When we get close, I say, "Park in the garage," because I don't want him to go to home. I need to talk to him. I need to figure out how to move past this, and I need to be honest with him.

He doesn't respond; he just turns the corner and drives down into the underground lot. When we walk inside my place, he heads to the kitchen and grabs a bottle of water.

"You mind if I take a quick shower?"

"No," I say as he is already walking to my bathroom.

When he turns the water on, I text Candace to check in.

Just got home. Interesting evening.

I go to my room, strip out of my clothes, and throw on a pair of gym shorts. My phone chimes as I slide into bed.

Is that good or bad?

Bad. Everything was weird.

With Mark?

It's me with Mark. I was really cold to him because I was embarrassed.

You have nothing to be ashamed or embarrassed of.

But I am, and Mark knows it.

What did he say?

Nothing. He's in the shower now. How are you?

You need to talk to him, and I'm fine. About to go to bed. Just been studying.

I'm gonna talk to him. I love you, sweetie.

I love you too. Tell Mark the same.

I hear the water turn off and I shoot one last text.

I will. Call me tomorrow, okay?

Mark walks into the room with a towel slung low on his hips and water still beaded on his smooth skin. Fuck he's hot. He looks over at me when my phone chimes again. I pick it up to read the text as Mark opens my dresser to get a pair of my shorts.

I have to work early. I'll text when I'm off. Night.

Night.

"Candace says she loves you."

He doesn't say anything when he slips under the covers with me. I turn to face him and tell him, "I'm sorry. I know I shouldn't feel this way, but I don't know how to let it go."

Mark just lays there, his hair still wet, and looks in my eyes. I let down my walls and open up. "I don't want to hide parts of me from you, but I don't know how to do that. I get scared. I'm afraid people are judging me." I close my eyes for a second before looking back at him. "You seem so sure of yourself, and I'm so far from that. I want to give that to you. I don't want to mess this up, and I don't want you to change the way you are with me because everything you do, you do it perfectly."

When he reaches his hand around the back of my neck, he shifts closer to me. He barely presses his lips to mine when he whispers, "It's not always that easy for me either."

I look into his eyes and can see the honesty there. Having him give me those words takes some pressure off. I wrap my arms around him and kiss him. When I seal my lips with his, he slides his tongue along mine, feeling me, and I roll on top of him. I drag my mouth down and along his jaw as he tangles his fingers in my hair. Running my hand down his cut stomach, I softly bite the curve of his neck when I slip my hand down his shorts and grip him firmly in my hand. He throbs against my hold, and it intensifies my desire to have him. As I let out a deep moan, I inch myself down the length of his body and between his legs. Slipping his shorts off, I toss them aside before lowering myself and taking him in my mouth, tasting him.

"Uhh, f**k," he moans out and tugs my hair.

This isn't something I've ever done with guys; they've always done this to me. The shame that has always come along with me giving a man anything like this would dredge up all of my feelings about how uncomfortable I am with being g*y. Like the idea of me giving another guy head would somehow take me to a new level of g*y. It's stupid; it's my own f**ked up way of trying to rationalize things. But I want to give this to him. I want to leave those screwed up thoughts behind because I love him, even though I'm not quite ready to say it. I'm scared, and I know it. I feel closer to him than anyone else, but I still need more, and this is the only way I know how right now.

I take my time and focus on making him feel as good as I can. I give, not wanting anything from him in return. My mouth is clenched firmly around him as I use my hand to add more pressure, and when I squeeze tighter, his moan is deep. "Oh God, Jase."

Hearing him say my name like that does me in, and I quicken my pace and suck harder. I know he's close when I feel him swell even more. He bucks his hips, and I grip him with my free hand as he begins to come.

"Oh God, don't stop," he pants, and I don't. I let him ride it out for as long as he can hold on, and when he relaxes underneath me, he reaches down and pulls me up to him. I hover over him as he stares up in my eyes, his face flushed. He gives me a sexy grin before he lowers me down to him and kisses me. There's something about this kiss that's more intimate than any of our others.

Giving Mark this, something I have never given anyone else, makes me want to give him even more. There's no shame, no regret; there's only love for the man that is showing me that it's okay to be me. I rest my body on top of his, and we wrap each other up in our arms as we continue to slowly move our lips together. It's all we do for a while. It's all I want to do; getting lost in him is peaceful in a way I can't describe. He calms me when we are together like this, and I don't want this with anyone but him.

Not wanting to stop, I mumble against his lips, "I just want you."

He pulls back and places his hands along my jaw. "You have me."

Chapter sixteen

"What are you doing?"

"I don't know," Mark says in frustration as he stares at the smoke rising from the pan.

I laugh and nudge him away from the stove. Flipping the bread over, it's charred black. "You are completely helpless in the kitchen, you know that?"

"I told you; it's pointless trying to teach me how to cook."

"Dude! It's grilled cheese," I say as I toss it in the trashcan. "Any child could make that, but you, you turn that shit on high and scorch it."

Mark laughs as he says, "Babe, can we just order a pizza? I'm done trying to cook."

Rinsing out the pan, I look up at him and smile while shaking my head. "Hopeless."

"We're eating pizza," he asserts as he plucks his cell from the counter.

"Hey, can you plug in my laptop? I think my battery is about to die."

Nodding his head, he gets my computer from my backpack and plugs it in as he's ordering us dinner. The past couple of weeks at school have been busy with our project's initial presentations to our professors. I've fallen a little behind with everything, so although Mark insisted on coming over and hanging out tonight, he promised to help me with some of the drafting I need to get done.

"Okay, pizza is on its way."

I wipe down the counter and walk over to the couch where my laptop is plugged in and open it up.

"Do you have any heat packs here?" Mark asks. "My shoulder's been killing me ever since we left the gym this morning."

"Yeah, I have some in my bag in the closet."

When he comes back out of my room, he takes his shirt off and sits down next to me, holding the pack against his shoulder. I never knew that Ryan worked out at our gym, but last week Mark had run into him, so we've been meeting up a couple times a week to lift weights. Ryan is pretty quiet for the most part, but despite what Gavin had told me, he seems like a good guy.

"I think Candace left some Tiger's Balm over here if you want to use it," I tell him.

"She's crazy with that stuff," he laughs out. "She is the only person I know who smears that crap on and then wraps her legs up in Saran Wrap."

I bust out laughing at all the times I have seen her do that. "She swears it works better that way. She's been doing it for years."

Shaking his head, he says, "That girl cracks me up with how serious she is."

"Yeah," I sigh out as he props his feet on the coffee table and leans into me. He grabs the remote and turns it to SportsCenter as I get some AutoCAD work done while we wait for dinner to get here.

When a commercial comes on, Mark asks, "Has Ryan said anything about Gavin? I haven't been seeing him around lately."

Continuing to work on my project, I keep my eyes fixed on the screen, when I tell him, "Ryan isn't much of a talker, but I could tell that Gavin was starting to piss him off the other week."

"Huh."

"Why?"

"No reason. Just wondering," he says.

I chuckle at him, and tease, "You're nosey."

"I'm not nosey."

"It kills you that you can't know everything that goes on outside of your presence."

He starts laughing because he knows it's true. We both do. Mark loves gossip, and is always filling me in on crap I couldn't care less about, but I don't ever say anything. It's just one of his quirks that I get a kick out of.

"Dude, I just want to know what the hell happened. Gavin said they used to be really close."

"Okay, fine. All I know is that Gavin had said that Ryan has started acting weird in the past few weeks. He told me that Ryan used to spend his time doing not much more than hooking up with chicks, and then suddenly he stopped. That's all I know. Is that enough gossip to satisfy you?"

"Did you ask anything?"

"What? No, man. I don't really care."

"Hmm."

I just laugh at him as I continue to work. When the pizza comes, I take a break and eat before getting back to my project. Rolling out my blueprints, he helps me mark them up. I hear my phone ring from the kitchen, and when I walk over and pick it up, my stomach clenches with anxiety.

Looking up at Mark, I say, "It's my mom," before I answer it and walk to my bedroom.

"Mom, hi."

"Jason," she sighs out, and I can tell that she's crying. I walk around my bed and sit on the edge.

"Is everything all right?" I ask her. Despite everything, I still love my parents. Flaws and all. They are the only family I have.

"I haven't been okay since you left. I've been praying for you every day. I miss you."

"I miss you too." I grasp on to the hope that she's had a change of heart about me.

I hear her cries thicken as she continues to talk. "I'm worried about you, dear."

"Mom, don't cry. I'm fine. You don't need to worry about me," I try to assure her.

"But I am. I want you to come home."

"I can't come home right now. I'm in the middle of the quarter."

"No, I think you should move back here."

Lowering my elbows to my knees, I ask, "What are you talking about?" as hope slowly starts to fade.

"Ever since you left, you've been a completely different person. I talked to Pastor Richardson, and he agreed to see you for counseling to try and help you work through whatever is going on."

"Mom," I breathe out, and I hear the desperation in her voice when she pleads, "Please, Jason. You're the only child I have left."

She's crying, and I take a moment before I speak as disappointment overtakes my wasted optimism. "There isn't anything to fix. And this didn't happen when I moved away, Mom. I've been this way my whole life."

"I know that's not true. God didn't make you this way. You can't live like this; it's wrong."

Hearing her voice and hearing her pain, I feel so guilty. I listen to her cry when she says, "This is a choice, Jason, and you're choosing wrong."

I feel the bed dip down behind me, and Mark rests his forehead against my back as I defend, "There's no choice to make. It is what it is, Mom."

"At least come home for a few days so we can talk about this."

"I don't think that's a good idea."

"Please let me try and help you. Please."

Holding my head in my hand, I swallow hard against the disappointment and hurt building up inside of me. "I don't need help. I need you to love me enough to accept me." I don't wait for her to say anything before I hang up and toss the phone on the bed. Cradling my head in my hands, Mark plants a kiss on my back through my shirt.

He doesn't say anything, and I take my time before speaking. "She's so upset."

"I'm sorry."

"She's so upset, and it's all my fault." I shift to the side and lie back on the bed, draping my arm across my forehead.

Lying down next to me, Mark props himself on his side and says, "You're not the cause of her pain."

When I don't say anything, he grabs my arm and moves it away from my face. "Look at me," he says and then repeats, "You aren't the cause of her pain."

"I am," I say when I look up at him. "She wouldn't feel this way if it weren't for me. Because of me, there's this rip in my family."

"You're not responsible for that though. They are. They're the ones that pushed you out."

"Because of me."

As he rakes his hand through my hair, he says, "Because of them, Jase. It isn't you. You're not doing anything wrong."

"What if I am? I mean ... maybe that's why I can't get past this shit."

"What shit?"

I shift over so that I can lie on my side and face him. "For the most part, I'm fine. With you, I'm fine, but I can't help the times when it feels wrong to be myself."

"There is nothing about you, that I can see, that's wrong," he says softly.

"But that's you. She thinks I'm a sin. That I'm going to hell." I pause before asking, "Am I?"

He closes his eyes and leans his forehead against mine. "I don't believe that." When he pulls back, I look into his eyes when he tells me, "It doesn't make sense to me if that were true; why God would do this and then force us to deny it. That's f**ked up. You know this isn't a choice. So how can it be a sin if God created us this way?"

His words hit where they always do, straight through my heart. I've always had these thoughts, but have never said them to anyone. Getting this out, and having Mark be the one to do this with, makes me trust him. How can this be wrong? To love someone. How can love be a sin? Whether it's right or wrong, all I know is, Mark is the one person I need.

"Don't walk away from me if I push you. I know how I get sometimes, but I'm trying to get past it," I confess.

Running his hand down my cheek he says, "I'm not walking away, and I'm not gonna let you screw this up."

I know what I feel for Mark. So I don't even give it a second thought when I finally tell him what I've already been feeling.

"I'm falling in love with you."

That sexy smile I love so much creeps across his face and then he tells me, "Good, 'cause I've been in love with you for a while. I just didn't want to say anything until you were ready."

I don't deserve to have this man who puts my feelings above his own, but I won't deny him. Wanting to put an end to this war I've been battling inside of myself, I surrender my heart and trade it for his.

I press my lips against his and move slowly as I graze my teeth along his bottom lip. Mark pulls me flush against him, and I wrap my arms around him, feeling the muscles flex in his back as he moves against me. I want him so bad, and I have to force myself not to rip his shorts off and bury myself inside him.

I reach my arm back and tug my shirt off over my head. Rolling on top of him, I run my mouth down his neck, nipping along the way to his chest. His skin is hot on my lips, and when I hit the waistband of his shorts, I shift them down and peel them off. But before I can do anything, Mark has me flipped on my back.

He crushes his mouth with mine and possesses me with his tongue. My emotions are running on high, and I've never wanted anyone like I want him. All of him. Grinding himself against me, I grow harder for him. He tugs my shorts off and fists me in his hand, stroking me slowly. Closing my eyes, I roll my head back into the pillow and feel the intense pleasure when Mark takes me in his hot mouth.

"Jesus," I nearly growl out when he brushes his tongue over me.

Mark slows his movements and switches our pace. He begins to trail kisses up my abs and then straddles my hips, settling himself on top of me. I cup my hands on his face and bring him down to me. His head rests against mine, and I feel the need to assure him of my feelings. "I really do love you."

"I know you do," he whispers.

"You're the only one." And he is.

Nodding his head, he kisses me but doesn't move his lips. We're just still for a while. It's only when I reach over to the nightstand and open the drawer that he finally drags his lips from mine. When Mark makes sure we're ready and protected, he reaches behind and guides me inside of him.

With his legs spread across my lap, he takes his time taking me in before he starts to move, and when he does, it feels so f**kin' good. I've never had emotions tied to sex, and the closeness I feel with Mark right now is more than what I thought could be possible.

Running my hands up his thighs, he rolls his hips over me. I slide one of my hands behind his neck and bring him down to me, needing to be closer to him. He kisses me, and I can't control myself when I groan into his mouth. We continue to take our time with our kisses as I begin to stroke him. He wraps his hand around my hand, and we work together as we both start to increase our movements.

When Mark whispers in my ear, "God, I love you," I find it hard to control myself, and I thrust myself deep inside of him. His hand tightens around mine, and I quicken my pace slightly as I pump the length of him. Everything about this feels so good, and I'm on the verge of losing it.

Dropping his forehead to mine, Mark grinds himself down on me as I feel the heat of him when he starts to come in my hand. His body jerks, and seeing him like this, on top of me, throws me over. I bury myself deep inside of him as my body explodes beneath his. I grip his hips and dig my fingers into his skin as I thrust up into him a couple more times.

He looks down at me, grinning, with a sheen of sweat covering his neck. "Come here," I breathe. And when he leans back down to me, I kiss him, licking him deep and taking all that he's willing to give. He shifts off of me and reaches over to grab my shirt. After he cleans us up, he tosses the shirt to the floor, and I draw him in close to me.

Lying face to face, he says, "Thanks."

I run my fingers along his face and softly ask, "For what?"

"Giving me something new."

"What do you mean?" I ask.

"That's not normally my thing, but I know it isn't yours either," he admits, and suddenly I feel like a dick.

"Shit, I'm sorry."

"No, I mean, I've bottomed before, but it's never been like that." He kisses me before continuing. "I've never felt for anyone the way I do you, so I don't mind."

"You should've said something."

"I love you, so it doesn't matter. I just wanted you to know."

We shift and get comfortable in each other's arms. We don't talk. We don't need to. He knows where my heart is at as we simply lie together in the aftermath of making love and wrap ourselves up in each other.

Chapter seventeen

The past couple weeks have been busy with school. My professors didn't like my initial design, so I have been busting my ass trying to come up with a new concept. I've fallen even further behind, and Mark has been helping me with the tedious renderings and mark-ups to help me catch up.

My mom called again last week in another attempt to get me to come back home. Hearing the pain in her voice is hard on me. I hate it. I love her so much, but her unwillingness to accept me tears me apart. Mark is right though; I'm not the cause of her sadness.

A text from Mark brings me out of my thoughts.

On my way. Got hung up with practice.

It's cool. I'll go ahead and get your drink.

I grab Mark a coffee and wait for him to meet me. He's been having more band rehearsals, because they've been busy writing some new material since they play every week at Ryan's bar.

When he finally walks into the coffee shop, he looks pissed. He spots me and makes his way back to where I am. Sitting down, he grabs his coffee and takes a sip.

"What's wrong?" I ask.

Setting his cup down, he lets out a deep breath. "Aiden is just pissing me off. He keeps f**kin' around with my music and changing it up. I don't have time to be learning all these new songs to have him go right back and change them."

"What does everyone else say?"

"Everyone is pissed at this point, so today was nothing but a bitch session, wasting my time." Leaning back in his chair, he continues, "He wants to play some of the new stuff tomorrow night, but it isn't ready."

"That sucks."

"Yeah, I know. Anyway, enough of my bitching. Did you show Gibson your new design?"

"Uh huh. He really liked it, so hopefully I won't have to go back and change anything, and I can start to catch up," I say. I have been so stressed out lately with this project.

"That's good. Well, I'm about to submit my stuff for presentation, so when I do, I'll have some more free time if you need any help."

His eyes shift over my shoulder as I say, "Thanks."

When Mark gives a slight nod, I turn to see who he's looking at. Shit! When I see Preston walking over, I turn to stone as panic courses through me. How the hell does Mark know him?

"Hey, what's going on?" he says as Mark stands to give him a friendly clap on the shoulder before sitting back down.

"Not much. Was actually just with Aiden."

I shift uncomfortably in my seat and then Mark looks at me, saying, "Jase, this is Preston. He's a friend of Aiden's."

"I already know Jase," Preston butts in with a snide smirk on his face, and I quickly stammer and tell Mark, "Yeah, we've run into each other a few times."

Suddenly, what I felt was nothing more than an irrelevant hookup, just like all the others, seems more like a lie of omission from Mark, and I'm caught in the confines of remorse and anxiety. Distraction saves me when I hear my phone ring. When I take it out of my pocket, I look to Mark and say, "It's Candace."

As soon as I answer it, I can hear her crying. And the bullshit happening in front of me vanishes in an instant.

"Sweetie, are you okay?"

She can hardly get her words out through her breaths. "No. I need you. Please."

"What happened?" I ask and immediately stand up, shrugging on my jacket, needing to get to her. Mark stands up and starts following me out the door as I walk away from one of the many regrets of my past.

"I can't breathe." Her voice is strained as she speaks through heavy gasps.

"I'm on my way, just try to relax," I tell her.

She hangs up the phone, and I rush to my car.

"What's going on?" Mark asks.

"I have no clue, but she's crying and freaking out. I gotta go. Sorry. I'll call you, okay?" I say as I hop into my car.

"Yeah, go. Let me know what's going on."

I don't even respond when I peel out of my parking spot and start speeding to her house. Everything from that exchange back there seems so trivial compared to what Candace is going through, and right now, she needs me. My heart beats hard as I try to get to her. Running through stop signs and honking at the slow-ass people driving on the road, I finally rip into her driveway. Fiddling with my keys, I find the one for her door. When I walk in, I can hear her faint cries. Going into her room, I open her closet door and see her lying on the floor covered in vomit.

"Shit. What happened?" I say as I rush to her and scoop her up in my arms.

She clings to me as I carry her into her bathroom and start stripping off her soiled clothes. She's vacant as she sits on the edge of the tub, crying and shaking, and my heart breaks for her. Never have I seen a person so broken, but to have Candace be this person debilitates me in a way I wish I'd never have to feel.

I toss her shorts and shirt into the tub and kneel down between her legs. Holding onto her knees, I whisper, "What happened, sweetie?"

She just shakes her head and covers her face with her hands as she cries. I wrap her up in my arms and hold her. I hold her for what feels like a long time until she softens in my arms. When I look at her, she's exhausted. I don't say anything. I know she hates talking when she's this upset. I walk over to the shower and turn the water on. I return to her and pull her up.

"You need me to help you clean up?" I ask.

She shakes her head and takes off her underwear before stepping into the water. I give her space and leave her alone while I go to the laundry room and grab some towels to clean her closet floor. I don't know what the hell happened, but I'm pretty sure she had another one of her nightmares. This is the stuff that makes me feel so guilty for not being around more.

After cleaning everything up, I go back into her bathroom to grab her clothes, and I see her arms braced on the tile wall as she stands under the showerhead. Her head is hanging down, and I just want to grab her and take it all away, but I can't. I can't do anything to make this stop hurting her. I walk back to the laundry room and toss everything in the washer and start it.

When I return to her room, the water is still running, so I call Mark.

"Hey, babe. How is she?" he asks.

"Not good. I hate this," I say, defeated. Like somehow I've let her down.

"What happened?"

Letting out a sigh, I tell him, "When I got here she was in her closet crying. She had thrown up and was lying in it."

"Oh my God." He's worried; I can hear it in his voice.

"She hasn't said anything yet. She's in the shower now, but I know she had another nightmare. She doesn't take her sleeping pill when she takes naps in the middle of the day."

"You need me to come over there?" he asks, and I love that he does.

"No, it's fine. I'm gonna stay here for a while though." There is no way I can leave her like this. I don't want to.

"Maybe you should talk to her about seeing a therapist or something."

"Yeah, I'll try, but I know she'll just shut me down," I say and then hear the shower turn off.

"God, I feel so bad for her," he says in a soft breath, and I am right there with him, feeling the pain.

"I know. She's getting out of the shower, so I need to let you go."

"Okay. I love you."

"I love you too. I'll call you later."

I go ahead and grab Candace some clothes from her dresser and take them to her in the bathroom. She gets dressed and throws her hair up on top of her head. I take her hand and pull her into bed with me and hold onto her. She clings to me and buries her head in my chest.

Whispering, I ask, "Another nightmare?"

"Yeah," she breathes out.

"Wanna talk about it?"

"No."

Pulling her hairband out, I start combing my fingers through the wet strands.

"I really think you should talk to someone about this."

"Jase. Please don't."

"I know you don't want to, but it's been a couple of months and I feel like you're just sinking further away. I'm worried."

"It's fine. I just need a little more time to pass," she says, and I kiss the top of her head.

Time. She believes time is all she needs and everything will just fade away. She's living in denial, and I don't know how to get through to her. I have tried so many times in my own way, but she avoids the conversations every time. I just need her to be okay, and she is so far from it. She's just deteriorating into a shadow of what she used to be. My heart has never ached as much as it does for her.

"You don't have to stay here," she mumbles against my chest, and she's crazy if she thinks I'm leaving her here alone after what I just saw.

"I'm not leaving you."

It takes a while, but eventually she falls into a fit of restless sleep. I check the time on my phone and see that it's nearing seven o'clock. I hate to wake her, but I do anyway.

"Candace," I whisper, not wanting to startle her out of her sleep. "Candace, wake up."

"Mmm," she moans in response.

"It's almost seven. Why don't you go ahead and take your pill for the night since you're so tired."

She nudges her head against me before lifting it up to look at me.

"Where are they?" I ask.

"In the bathroom in the second drawer."

I slide out from underneath her and grab a pill from the bottle. When I walk back to her, I hand her the half bottle of water already on her nightstand along with the pill.

She sits up on the edge of the bed and when she sets the water down, she looks up at me and says, "I'm sorry."

I sit next to her and hold her hand. "Never be sorry for needing me." I lean in and give her a kiss. "I will always be here for you."

I stayed with Candace all night last night. We barely got any sleep 'cause she kept having night terrors. Although I'm tired, I'm going to go hang out at Blur while Mark's band plays tonight. He already left to go meet the guys to run through some new songs they'll be playing tonight, so I text Ryan to let him know I'm on my way there.

Ryan and I have been hanging out a bit more lately. He's a cool guy to chill with, so he stops by every now and then to have a beer and watch TV. And whatever funk he was in when I first met him seems to have dissipated a bit and he has become a little less intense and moody.

I pull around to the back lot of Blur and park my car. When I go in, I head up to Ryan's office to hang out for a bit.

When I walk in, he is sitting behind his desk drinking a beer and flipping through a pile of papers.

"Hey, man," I say before walking over to the small steel fridge that sits on the floor behind his desk.

As I grab a beer, he says, "Can you toss me another one of those?"

I pop the caps and hand him a bottle before I sit down. "So, you been up here all day?"

"Pretty much. You know how Saturdays are-crazy as hell all day." He takes a long swig of his beer and then says, "Missed you last night. Mark said you got hung-up with a friend."

"Yeah, sorry about that. She's been going through a rough time, so I decided to stay with her last night." I was supposed to go out to a private concert to hear one of the bands that Gavin had just signed. I told Mark to go ahead and go when I decided to stay the night with Candace.

"You missed a pretty good show."

"That's what Mark said."

Ryan laughs and says, "Your guy's a little crazy when he drinks."

"I'm not even gonna ask, but he was in a piss-ass mood when I saw him earlier," I say through my laughter as I shake my head.

"Ha! I bet. He drank a shitload, probably hungover as f**k."

We both laugh when the door opens and Mark walks through. "What's so funny?" he asks as he stands there.

"You, man," Ryan says.

"If this is about last night, I don't even wanna know what the hell I did. My head has been pounding all damn day, and now I have to play for the next two hours."

"Go find Max. He always has earplugs," Ryan tells him.

"Not a bad idea." Looking at me, he asks, "Can I stay with you tonight? My new roommate just decided to tell me that he's throwing a party tonight."

"Yeah, no problem."

"Well, I gotta run. I just wanted to catch you," he says and then turns to leave.

Mark has been keeping more distance between us when we are out, knowing that it still makes me uncomfortable. I hate that he feels like he has to do that for me. I know I need to get over it and try to force myself to show more affection with him when we are around others. I just need to push myself to take that step. But now I need to be honest and tell him about Preston. I never even felt like it was something I ever had to disclose to him, but now, knowing that they know each other, makes what happened relevant.

When Ryan and I walk down, I head over to the bar to say hi to Mel. We talk off and on, like we usually do, while I sip my beer.

"What's up with Mark?" she asks as she nods her head towards the stage.

Turning to look at him, I laugh at the crap mood you can tell he's in and the neon orange earplugs he's wearing. I look back at Mel, and say, "He's hungover."

"That sucks."

I look over to see Ryan being mauled by some redhead. He normally pushes off every girl that comes his way, so I'm a bit shocked, and just laugh as I turn back to Mel.

"Looks like he's back to his old self," she says with a smirk before walking away to help some customers.

After some time has passed, I watch Ryan take that chick out the back by her hand.

"Hey, Mel," I holler down the bar. When she looks up at me, I say, "You think I could get a bottle of water when you get a chance?"

"Sure, hun."

I overhear the two girls next to me talking about Mark and how the one girl plans to slip him her number. This isn't the first time I've heard this. Girls are all over his junk, and lately it's been making me feel more possessive of him. Everyone assumes he's single and straight because I'm so self-conscious of what people will think of me if they saw us simply holding hands.

I continue to eavesdrop as they start downing shots and getting drunk. The band takes a break between sets and Mark approaches me as he lifts up the hem of his shirt to wipe the sweat off his forehead, exposing his abs, which the drunken girls thoroughly enjoy. Sitting next to me, his elbows propped up on the bar, I take a big push and lay my arm up on the bar and hold his hand, lacing my fingers with his. He looks over at me and into my eyes as he smiles. I know this gesture means a lot to him, and all that really matters is that this makes him happy.

Chasten comes over to grab a beer, standing next to us.

"Oh my God!" one of the girls yells out, drunk off her ass, and the three of us look over at her. She's laughing and shaking her head as she looks at Mark before slurring, "You're a fag?"

I jerk my hand away from his, and my neck heats from fear and embarrassment.

"You're f**king wasted and need to watch the shit you say," Chasten barks at her.

I stand up and start walking away, needing to get out of this situation when I hear her continue, "I would have never guessed he was queer."

When I look back, I see Mark following me and Chasten grabbing the girl's elbow, dragging her out. I walk through the back door and out into the parking lot, welcoming the cool mist that's falling.

"Jase, wait!" Mark shouts from behind me, pleading me to stop, but I don't want to.

Walking to my car, I say over my shoulder, "I just need space, man." But I need so much more than space.

"That girl was drunk and a total bitch. Don't let her upset you."

When I reach my car, I turn around to him and say, "I'm not upset." Embarrassed. Ashamed. Humiliated.

Walking up to me, he backs me up against the side of the car. "Well you're something and you shouldn't be. I don't want you to be."

I hang my head down before looking back up at him. "I'm irritated." I then admit, "The thing is ... you get a lot of attention from girls, and I feel invisible when what I really want is for people to know that you're mine. But I don't know how to do that."

"You don't have to do anything. You know I'm yours. I don't see anyone else but you." He reaches down and holds my hand. "People will always say shit, but you need to let it go."

"I'm trying."

"I know you are," he says as he slides his free hand around my waist and kisses me. "Come on. Let's go," he says and then walks around to the passenger door.

"What are you doing? You still have another set to play."

"I'm done. My head is pounding, and I feel like shit." He opens the door and hops in.

When I slide into the driver's seat, Mark pulls out his cell. "I'll text Chasten and have him tell the guys."

"Are they gonna be pissed?"

Reaching over and grabbing my hand, he says, "I don't care. I just want to go home and lie down."

I begin to stir and slowly wake up. When I roll over, Mark isn't there. I lie there for a bit when I hear soft voices coming from the living room. Walking out, I'm surprised to see Candace in Mark's arms, crying quietly on the couch. Her head is buried in his chest, so she doesn't see me, and I don't say anything. Mark looks at me with a slight shake of his head, so I just sit in the chair and stay quiet.

I hurt for her. Seeing her broken and hopeless tears me up inside. I hate the thought that she was so scared or upset that she had to drive here in the middle of the night. I want to hold her, but I let Mark take care of her.

"Wanna talk about it?" he quietly asks her, and when she lifts her splotchy, tear-stained face, she looks over at me.

I give her a reassuring nod, and she looks back at Mark and whispers, "I'm sorry. I ... I just didn't want to be alone, but ... I guess I just didn't think you'd be here. I'm not used to Jase having a boyfriend." She stumbles over her words and closes her eyes when she continues. "I'm just so tired."

"I know," Mark says as he brushes her hair behind her ear. He tucks her head under his chin, and she clings to him. Mark and I stare at each other across the dark room as he holds her, and I know I'm in deep with him. I love him so much.

Mark has completely been there for me in the past couple months, giving me strength and a shoulder to lean on. I've never had that before. I never knew I needed that until him.

Standing up, I walk over and pull Candace up off the couch, and hug her. When Mark starts heading back to the bedroom, I take her hand and follow. She slides into bed with Mark and I on either side. Facing her, I wipe her cheeks with my thumbs and give her a kiss.

"I'm sorry I barged in."

"You didn't. I'd rather you be here with us than alone and scared."

"I just don't know how much longer I can do this," she says. "He's always there at night, and it's so hard lying in the dark, waiting to fall asleep. But I never know if he's gonna be there too-in my dreams."

Mark curls in around her from behind and tells her, "You need to talk to someone."

I watch as her face scrunches up and she begins to cry again. Leaning my head against hers, she weeps, "I can't."

"You can. I know you're scared, but you can," Mark tries to convince her.

I look into Mark's eyes and see the concern. I know Candace wants to ignore and forget. I don't push it because she doesn't need to hear it again. "You'll get past this. There will be a time when it'll begin to fade," I tell her.

"But how long will that take?" she whimpers.

Mark wraps his arm over and around her waist, and wedges it in between Candace and me. "However long it takes, you have us, but Jase is right, it will eventually become easier."

She closes her eyes and lets the tears seep out onto the pillow as I tighten my hold on her.

Even though I know she's hurting, even though I know her pain is nearly unbearable, this is one of my most favorite places. Next to being in Mark's arms, being with the two of them, like this, is a close second.

Chapter eighteen

When I walk into the gym, I spot Ryan over by the free weights. I make my way back there and when he finishes his set of squats, he looks over and says, "Hey, man. I didn't expect to see you here."

"One of my classes was cancelled, so I wanted to come since I figured the afternoon would be dead."

I walk over and start sliding the weights onto the barbell, securing them with clamps. Pumping out my sets of bench presses, Ryan stands above and spots me. "Got any plans this weekend?" he asks as he grabs the bar from my hands and sets it in the rack.

"No. Isn't it Mark's off weekend?" The band gets one Saturday off a month.

"Yeah."

"We don't normally do anything. Just hang out at home," I tell him as I lie back down to start another set.

Ryan lifts the bar and places it in my hands. Pushing out my reps, he says, "I've got some extra tickets for a small concert at Spines if you guys are interested."

Taking my time to finish my set, I don't respond until he grabs the bar back out of my hands. "Who's playing?"

"The xx."

"No shit? How did you score something like that?" I ask as we switch places, and he lies down on the bench.

He grabs the bar, and I help lift it out of the cradle for him. Before he lowers it down to his chest, he says, "Gavin."

The xx is Candace's favorite band. She is constantly playing their music when she studies. The last few weeks, we have been trying to get her out of the house to go out with us, but she refuses. If I tell her about this, I am almost positive she wouldn't turn it down.

Knowing she's really freaked out with crowds, I ask, "How many people do you think are going?"

As I take the bar from him, he sits up and says, "Small, man. Hundred or so. You coming?"

"Yeah. You have three? A good friend of mine is a huge fan, but she doesn't do well with a lot of people, you know?"

When he lies back down for another set, he asks, "Why's that?"

"Paranoid, I guess," I say, and then catch myself. I shouldn't have said anything, knowing that she will most likely be meeting him.

He gives me a strange look and then says, "Yeah, I've got three," before finishing his last set.

We continue lifting, working on arms, chest, and back for the next hour. When we finish up, I grab my bag and take out my cell to text Mark about Saturday. He's spending the day with Candace, so I make sure to tell him to keep his mouth shut until I can talk to her.

"You ready? I've got the tickets in my car," Ryan says as he grabs his bag.

"Yeah, let me get out this last text to Mark."

When I shove the phone into my bag, we start walking out and Ryan states, "So, you guys seem to be doing better."

"Yeah. I mean, we weren't ever not good. I was just ..." I trail off, not really wanting to tell him too much, but when he prompts, "Just what?" I decide to tell him.

"I used to screw around a lot, so I wasn't too quick on letting Mark in."

Ryan nods and says, "I get that. I never get involved."

I know why I never got involved, so I wonder what his reason could be. I go ahead and reveal, "I don't like people judging me, so I used to put a lot distance between us when we'd go out together."

When we get to his black Rubicon, he tosses his bag in the back seat and shuts the door, saying, "People who would judge are f**kin' assholes. And I can assure you that no one that works for me would."

"Thanks, but it's my hang-up, and I know it."

Opening up the driver's side door, he reaches over to the center console and pulls out the tickets. He hands them to me and says, "Well, at least you're working it out. So, I'll see you guys Saturday?"

"Yeah. Thanks for these, man."

"No problem. I gotta run, but I'll catch up with you later," he says as he hops up into his Jeep.

"Later," I say and then turn towards my SUV.

I take the rest of the afternoon to study and finish writing a paper for one of my classes. Candace picked Mark up earlier today, so I'm about to head over to her house to get him. I grab the tickets that Ryan gave me, hoping that it will be enough to pull her out of her funk and go out with us.

I make the short drive through Fremont and into her neighborhood. The night is cold and misty, and when I get to her place, I let myself in. The house is dark and quiet. Walking into the kitchen, I see the two of them sitting around the fire pit in the backyard.

When I open the door and walk out, they both turn to look at me. "Hey, guys," I say while I walk over to Mark to give him a kiss and then turn to kiss Candace. "What are you guys doing out here? It's cold."

"I'm fattening up your rail-thin girl over there," he says as he holds up a nearly empty bag of marshmallows. He then turns to Candace to give her a wink.

She just laughs and says, "Good luck, fatty."

I'm relieved to see that she is in a playful mood, so I don't waste any time when I sit opposite her and say, "So, I want you to come out with Mark and I Saturday night."

"Jase." She shakes her head and suddenly that grin that Mark had just put on her face is gone.

I start to explain before she completely shuts me down. "It'll be low key, promise. Spines is closing early to have a private concert, and I was able to snag three tickets for us."

"You want me to go to a concert?"

"Candace, seriously? It's at a book and music store. It's a private show, but forget about that. You won't turn me down when I tell you who's playing." I know she's gonna be excited, so I can't help the smile that crosses my face as I reach into my pocket and pull out the tickets. I hand her the solid black ticket with two white X's on it.

Her eyes grow wide and she all but snatches it out of my hand when she says, "Are you serious? How did you get these?"

"A friend of Mark's."

"Who?" Mark asks.

"Ryan. I ran into him at the gym earlier today. We got to talking about music, and he mentioned the show. When I told him my best friend is a huge fan of The xx, he gave me a few extra tickets that he wasn't using."

"Who's Ryan?" Candace asks as she looks over at me.

Mark speaks up and tells her, "He owns the bar that my band has been playing at."

She sits back, and I can tell she's hesitant and debating on what she should do as she stares into the bright fire. I really want her to do this. I want to show her that she doesn't always need to be scared. That she can be out, be around people, and realize that she's fine. I reach over and take her hand and try to reassure her. "I really want you to go. You'll be with the two of us. Nothing will happen."

"I don't know. It makes me nervous."

"I know," I whisper. "But nothing will happen. You have to start trying."

Mark gives her an encouraging nod when she turns to look at him. She turns back to me, letting out a slow breath, and I know I got this.

Her voice trembles slightly when she says, "Okay."

I know she hates it when people fuss over her, so I simply sit back and say, "Thank you."

"I need more marshmallows," she says.

I laugh when Mark tosses her the bag, and she starts stabbing them onto her skewer.

"Did you finish your paper?" Mark asks as he picks up the bottle of wine that is sitting next to his chair.

"Yeah. I'm pretty much caught up with everything at this point. I am so ready for Thanksgiving break."

"I could pass on that," Candace says as she eats her charred marshmallow.

"When was the last time you spoke with your parents?" I ask her.

She tosses her skewer down and tightens the blanket that's wrapped around her. "About three weeks ago. Last time my mother called, I hung up on her and we haven't spoken since."

"What happened?" Mark asks her as he continues to drink his wine.

"Same thing that always does. She tells me how I'm not good enough, I'm not measuring up, I disrespect family commitments. Honestly, I'm used to it and normally just deal with it, but I don't have the energy right now."

"Are you gonna go home then?" I ask.

"Yeah. It's not worth the backlash if I don't. I mean, it's Thanksgiving. I can't not go home."

We hang out for another half hour. Mark finishes off the bottle of wine, and he is definitely feeling the effects. I decide it's time to head out before he turns obnoxious.

As we're driving back to my place, Mark leans over the console and starts biting along my neck, and by the laughing that accompanies it, I know he's had too much wine. I laugh at him, but quickly stop when he reaches down and starts rubbing me from outside my jeans.

My grip on the steering wheel is firm, and I try to focus on the road so I don't get into a wreck.

"We're almost home. I can't concentrate with your hand on my dick."

Mark laughs, and it only encourages him to not let up. Unbuttoning my pants, he grazes his nose up my neck, and then bites my ear. Hard.

"Christ," I say as I jerk my head away and slightly swerve the car into the other lane.

Mark starts cracking up and begins tugging down my pants. He slips his hand beneath my boxers, and I'm already hard when he starts stroking me.

"You are so f**kin' hot," he nearly growls in my ear, and I could almost come from the sound alone.

I grip his wrist and force him to stop. "I'm gonna drive us off the road if you don't quit."

He doesn't let go of me, and I don't loosen my hold on his wrist either as he begins ravaging my neck. Everything about this car ride home is making me lose control, and I throb in his hand.

I pop the curb as I speed around the corner to get into the parking garage. Mark laughs, and I don't even give a shit when I turn to park, taking up two spots. I shut the car off, slam the seat back, and let go of his wrist. I practically pull him on top of me, claiming his mouth with my tongue as he jerks me off.

After the fun we just had in my car, I say to Mark, "Hey, I need to talk to you about something," as we step into the elevator.

"Yeah, I want to talk to you about something too," he says, and even though I need to tell him about Preston, my curiosity piques.

"Yeah, what's up?" I ask him.

The doors slide open and we walk up to my apartment door as he says, "It's about Thanksgiving."

Opening the door, we head over to the couch to sit down. I normally go home for Thanksgiving, but given the last couple of phone calls with my mother, that's really not a good idea right now.

Propping my feet on the coffee table, I slouch back as he continues, "Why don't you come home with me?"

My head snaps up to look at him. I'm caught off guard. "What?"

"Don't freak out on me, Jase," he says as he cocks his head to the side. I'm sure he can see the hesitation all over my face.

Trying to keep my cool, I tell him, "Thanks, but I'm gonna stay here."

"And do what?"

"Look, it would be one thing if your parents lived here and I stopped by for the day, but-"

"I get it. But they don't live here, and I want them to meet you. So if that's ever gonna happen, then you're gonna have to come to Ohio with me."

It's not so much the meeting them; it's not knowing what their reaction will be. Shit, I barely even talk to my parents at this point. Even though he tells me they are cool with everything, I'm not about to put myself in a situation that could backfire on Mark's intentions. How will they look at me? At us? Us as a couple?

"Are you gonna say anything?" he asks.

I don't want to hurt him, but I can't go. I can't chance the rejection. I'm not ready, not yet. "I love that you want me to meet your family, but I don't think it's the right time."

Shifting to face me, he says, "You know I love you, and you need to know that I would never ask you to put yourself in a situation that would hurt you."

I know that he wouldn't, but I also know that people are unpredictable, and flying across the country to meet my boyfriend's parents after almost four months is a bit terrifying.

"Yeah, I know," I sigh, and he returns with, "Don't say no. Just think about it."

"Do your parents know about me?" That's probably a stupid question, but I'm curious about what he has told them.

"Yeah. They were the ones that wanted you to come out." When I lay my head back on the couch and stare up at the ceiling, he says, "They're totally cool with everything."

Rolling my head to the side to look at him, I say, "I don't know, but I'll think about it."

He grins as he leans over to kiss me, and the knots in my stomach begin to loosen.

"So, what was it that you needed to tell me?" he asks, and the knots-they're back.

"We can talk about it later."

Chapter nineteen

Ryan has scheduled the band to play a short set for the Thursday night crowd. I told Mark that I wasn't going to go. I've been trying to finish up the requirements for my design before the quarter ends, but I'm worn out and need a break. When I check the time and see that I can probably catch Mark before the end of their gig, I decide to go ahead and go up to the bar for a little bit. I toss on a loose-fitting t-shirt hoodie and run a little gel through my hair before heading out.

When I arrive at Blur, the band is still playing. The place is busy, as expected for a Thursday night in a college town. Thursday's are always big nights around here.

"Jase!" I hear Mel holler at me when I walk in.

Leaning against the bar, I tease, "Do you ever get a night off?"

"No, never," she laughs out and when the seat next to me becomes vacant, I get comfortable and order a beer.

I listen to the band play from behind me, and find myself zoning out. I'm not sure how much time passes when I hear Aiden telling the crowd goodnight. When I turn around, I catch Mark's eye as he steps off the stage. His half-smirk brings me out of my seat and has me wanting to be near him.

"What are you doing here?" he asks, surprised, as he draws close.

"Just wanted to see you."

"How long have you been here?"

"Not long. Wanna head back to my place?"

Giving me a smile, he says, "Yeah. Let me go pack up my stuff."

I follow him when he heads back to the stage. Watching him pull the cords from the amp, I turn my head and spot Aiden and Preston. God, this guy just won't disappear.

Not wanting another awkward exchange, I rush and ask, "You almost ready?"

"Yeah," he says as he zips up his guitar case and stands to sling it over his shoulder, across his chest.

"Aiden, I'll catch you later, okay?" Mark says as he jumps off the stage.

I look over at Aiden as he gives Mark a nod, then cringe at that f**kin' accent that keeps tormenting me.

"It was good seeing you again," Preston says to Mark as he takes a couple of steps closer. "You should come out with Aiden and me on Saturday," he adds without taking his eyes off of Mark, and I swear he's doing this shit just to piss me off.

Things have been so crazy lately that I haven't found the right time to tell Mark, and now the guilt floods me, along with irritation at this whole scenario, and I snap. "What the f**k is your problem?"

"Jase?" Mark questions sharply.

"What the f**k is your problem?" he throws back at me. "If you have something to say, then say it."

"What's going on?" Aiden asks as he approaches, and I look over at Mark, whose expression I can't quite read.

Shifting my attention back to Preston, I want to knock the shit out of him. But instead, I grit through my teeth, "Nothing," and then walk away, heading straight out the doors and to my SUV. I'm beyond pissed. Pissed at myself for more reasons than I'm probably willing to admit.

"Jase."

Mark is right behind me when I reach my car, and I turn and just spit out what I should have told him as soon as I knew his connection to Preston. "Preston and I hooked up. A couple of times."

"Hell, Jase." His two words are soaked in disappointment, and it's enough to send me to a place filled with self-afflicting regret.

"I should have told you when I found out that you knew him, but ... everything has just been so upside down lately."

Shaking his head, he asks, "So what was that about back in there?"

I lean against my car, and explain, "The last time we hooked up ended badly. I was messed up and upset with what happened with Kyle and hurting you. I was lost-"

"You f**ked that guy after that?" he throws at me, pissed now.

Words escape me as I stand there and drop my head, feeling completely embarrassed.

"What's wrong with you? Why do you use people like that?"

"Because I don't know what the f**k I'm doing!" I yell at him. "Because I've never done this before and I'm f**kin' confused!"

"You're confused? Really, Jase?"

Backing up my words, I'm so goddamn frustrated with myself as I continue to yell, "No! I was. I'm not now. I'm not confused with how I feel about you."

"Why couldn't you just tell me? When you knew that I knew him ... you should have told me."

"I know," I say in a mass of failure.

"I feel like an idiot. Oblivious that you f**ked both of us, and the two of you knew that I was clueless."

His words sting. They burn deep when I realize that I've hurt him a lot more than I thought. In ways I didn't even consider. I want to tell him I'm sorry, that I love him and nothing about this was done out of malice, but looking at the pain in his eyes, I know my words would be nothing more than cheap.

When I don't speak, he turns and starts walking away.

"Mark," I plead, not wanting him to go.

He looks back at me and says, "Go home, Jase," in a soft voice filled with disappointment before turning his back and leaving me to stand alone, the one thing I was hoping I wouldn't have to do again.

Lying in bed, listening to the rain fall, I wonder what he's doing. I've sent him several texts since I got back to my place, but it's been hours, and nothing. I feel like I was just playing a losing game with him. There was no way to win him with all my issues. I never deserved what he gave me. I pulled back from so many of his touches because of my own baggage. Baggage that didn't deserve to be unloaded on him.

He took it all and never made me feel like I wasn't giving him enough. I gave him all that I could, but truth is, it wasn't nearly enough. He needs more than I can give.

I tried. But I keep making mistakes. Mistakes I can't take back. I wonder if-for me-there's more than this, if I'll ever be more than this. For once in my life, I really tried letting go. Tried letting go of the fears I held inside and gave it a chance. I don't think I'll ever be the same after him. If this is all we were ever supposed to be, at least I loved enough to hurt. The hurt isn't enough though; it needs to be more than this, but I know it won't be.

Turning my head, I look at the large rain-covered window as the drops twitch down, colliding with other drops, gathering, until the weight takes over and they quickly fall the rest of the way down. Desperate, I reach for my phone. It's almost three in the morning, but I'm selfish and don't want to be alone. Walking out of my room, I take my keys, and before I make it to my door, there's a light knock. Letting out a deep breath, I find it ironic that she needs me at the same time I need her, although for much different reasons.

My heart skips a beat when I open the door to find Mark. What is he doing here? He looks at me, taking his time. Time is my affliction. I deserve it, but I don't want it. It stands still and pangs inside of me as I wait for him to speak, to tell me he can't do this, to tell me it's done with. But I also don't want time to continue ticking because I want this, even if it's just a look-I'll take it forever.

He moves past me and steps inside. Shutting the door, I lean against it when he turns to face me. Time begins to move when he finally speaks.

"What you did carries no weight on what we are; I know that. But you not telling me hurts. I don't expect for you to tell me about your past, but when that past is part of our present-"

"I know," I interject.

"You really let me down."

"I'm sorry. I honestly wasn't trying to hide it from you, I just ..." I let my words trail when I start struggling to speak around the lump in my throat.

"I know, but I still can't help feeling disappointed in you." He takes a moment as he leans against the wall next to me. "I want more from you. I need you to not hold back from me. It's only fair, Jase."

I don't know how to respond because his words are coming out of left field for me. How is he not pissed? How does he see value in this?

"Look ... I don't want to pretend that knowing how you used to be with guys doesn't bother me ... it does. And running into your past may or may not happen again, and I hate that. But it's only because I love you. If I didn't, then I wouldn't care."

"I feel like I keep hurting you."

Releasing a deep sigh, he tells me, "Just be upfront with me. Talk to me; that's all I ask. I get that this is new for you, but in a way, it's new for me too. I've never felt so strongly for someone like I do you." He takes a moment before saying, "I'm not mad."

"I need you to be mad."

Taking a step toward me, he asks, "Why?"

I walk over and sit on the arm of the chair before admitting, "Because I need to feel it. So that I know that you can see this for what it is."

"And what's that?"

"Imperfect. Unequal." Dropping my head, I release a deep breath before looking back up at him. "I'm undeserving and selfish. You're worth so much more than what I'm capable of giving you."

He moves to stand in front of me and takes my face in his hands as he questions me intently. "You don't think you give me what I need? You think I'd stick around if you didn't fill up pieces inside of me that only you've been able to?"

As he moves his hands to my shoulders, I drop my eyes when I tell him, "My pieces feel stripped bare." I catch his eyes when I look back up and tell him, "I'm not sure I even have enough of them."

"Maybe I have what you're missing. But if you keep holding back, you'll never find out. You'll never know how well we can fit together unless you try." I grip his shirt in my hands, almost pained by my confessions when he affirms, "I need you to try."

"So that's it?"

"It's really all it needs to be. There's no point in making this into anything bigger than what it is. I'm not that guy. You didn't tell me about Preston; I get it. I'm not blind to everything going on in your life right now. But I told you how I feel and what I need from you. What else is there?"

When I shake my head, not sure how he can be so understanding, Mark clips the thoughts that are already starting to invade when he says, "Don't tell yourself that you don't deserve it. You do."

Standing up, I wrap my arms around his waist and bring him to me. "No. I don't. All I know is that I love you. And I'm sorry. You'll never know how much, but I am."

He moves to kiss me, and I take it, lingering in it until he pulls back and says, "You can't be scared to talk to me," before pressing his lips to cover mine.

I run my hand behind his neck and hold him close, not sure who to thank for bringing this man into my life, but there's no doubt in my mind that someone-someone who knew everything I was needing-sent him to me.

We find ourselves in my bed. Although exhausted as the sky takes on a lighter hue with morning starting to filter through, I hold Mark in my arms, connected in a way I never knew was possible, feeling his heart beating against my chest. We quietly make love, moving together, giving exactly what we know the other needs.

In our own way, we release everything from earlier and move forward. That's all we can do because it's just us here. And when Mark runs his lips up my neck and breathes his words, "I love you," into me, I know I'm his.

Chapter twenty

"I don't know about this," Candace says from the backseat as we turn into the parking lot at Spines.

She's been a bit nervous ever since we picked her up. Getting out of the car, Mark opens her door and takes her hand. "No worries, okay?" he tells her.

I smile over at him. We've spent the past couple of days together, feeling like we just needed the time to feel settled with what happened the other night. Mark is right though, nothing needs to be bigger than what it really is. And me not telling him about Preston doesn't even really measure up to what Mark and I have. We're bigger than that, and I'm glad we're both on the same page about it.

I follow the two of them as we walk in. Ryan was right; there are only about a hundred or so people here, and the lights are low with candles all around. I spot the bar and leave Candace with Mark while I go get us drinks. When I grab the beers, I turn to see her holding Mark's hand while they're flipping through the vinyls.

I look over and see the band step up onto the platform stage and head over towards the two of them.

Handing them each a beer, I say, "Come on, they're about to start playing."

We find a spot behind one of the low bookshelves, and when the band starts playing, Candace leans into me-her way of saying thank you. I wrap my arm around her and pull her into me. I'm so proud of her for stepping out of her comfort zone tonight.

We listen to a few songs, and when we finish our beers, Candace and I go to grab another round.

"You having fun?" I ask as we wait for our drinks.

With a slight grin, she says, "I am. Thanks for this."

The bartender hands over the bottles and we begin to walk back over to Mark. Ryan is with him, and Candace nearly chokes on her beer. I can tell they recognize each other by the looks on both of their faces.

"You again," she says to Ryan and he doesn't speak. He watches her with the strangest look, but snaps out of it when Mark asks, "You two know each other?"

"Not really," he says as he finally breaks his stare.

"He's come into Common Grounds a couple times to get coffee. How do you guys know each other?" she asks Mark.

"He owns Blur, where the band has been playing lately."

"And the guy who gave me the tickets," I add. "Thanks, man."

"No problem at all."

Candace turns to listen to the band while Mark and Ryan make plans to go shoot pool next week. After a while, I grab Candace and the four of us find a table to sit down. I listen to her as she starts to talk to Ryan, and I can't help notice the way he is staring at her. Ryan normally ignores women; he definitely never looks at them like he's looking at her. I glance over at Mark to see if he's seeing it too and when I do, Candace places her hand on my thigh under the table. I look at her while she's listening to Ryan talk, and I can tell that she's panicking. I hold her hand and give it a light squeeze, reassuring her that she's fine.

I'm sure that having Ryan here is maybe pushing her a bit more than she's comfortable with. But I want to push her, and knowing that Ryan is a pretty trustworthy guy, I back off a little and go sit next to Mark, leaving the two of them to chat.

I lean into him while Ryan and Candace talk and say, "Are you seeing the way he's looking at her?"

"Who?"

"Ryan," I say a little irritated at his distraction.

He looks over and then back at me. "Sorry, I wasn't paying that much attention, but the fact that he's talking to her is unusual for him."

We both turn our heads to look at them, and then Mark, being nosey, butts in. "What are you two talking about?"

"New York City," Ryan says as Candace excuses herself to go listen to the next song.

When I get up to follow her, Mark and Ryan do too. I stand beside her as she leans her elbows on the bookcase, and Ryan comes to stand on the opposite side, leaning down next to her. I watch her turn her head and stare at him. Candace never showed any interest in guys before what happened to her, and ever since, she's been so closed off to everything. I'm taken aback when I see her looking at him the way that she is.

Wanting to push her, I lean over and say, "Mark and I will be right back."

She eyes me with curiosity, asking, "Where are you going?"

"Don't worry about it. We'll be back in a second." I kiss the side of her head and then grab Mark's arm, leading him over to the bar.

"What's going on with you?" he asks.

"Look at her," I say as I nod my head toward Candace from across the room. "She's never looked at a guy like that before."

"Really?"

"She's always been closed off, even before what happened," I tell him.

"You think we should tell her about Ryan?"

Turning my head to look at Mark, I ask, "What do you mean?"

"I don't know, but it's Candace, and Ryan is known for screwing around with anything that walks past him."

"That's what Gavin says, but I've only seen him with one chick."

"Still."

Stepping in front of him, I say, "I really like Ryan despite what we've heard. Don't forget, I did my fair share of that crap too before I met you, but this guy seems pretty straightforward and honest. At least that's the impression I get. I just want her to start living again."

"I know you do. Come on. Let's go back before she gets mad at you for ditching her."

When we walk back over to the two of them, Candace seems on edge, and I can tell something has switched inside of her because she wants to leave immediately.

Telling Ryan bye, Candace rushes out the door, and Mark and I follow closely behind. We all get into the car, and when Candace slides into the back seat, I turn and ask, "What was that all about?"

"You tell me. Where the hell did you two run off to?"

Shit. She's clearly upset, but I go with honesty and say, "Just thought you two should talk without Mark and me around."

Shaking her head in annoyance, she asks, "Why?"

"Just got that feeling. You two kept staring at each other with that look."

"And what look would that be?"

"Candace, the guy is hot. You know what look he's talking about," Mark adds.

Slouching back in the seat, she says with a defeated sigh, "Doesn't matter."

"What do you mean it doesn't matter?" I ask, but she avoids looking at me.

Ignoring me, I can see her chin quivering, but I want her to talk to me.

"Candace?" I say, trying to get her to focus.

"It just doesn't matter, Jase. It's wrong," she says as she stares out the window.

"It's not wrong for you to find someone attractive."

"Yes, it is."

I hate that she feels this way, and I know Mark does too. He turns off into an empty parking lot, parks the car, and gets out. When he opens Candace's door, he slides in next to her and firmly says. "Stop punishing yourself."

Before she can deny his words, he says it again. "Stop punishing yourself."

Shifting in my seat to look back at her, I tell her, "Nobody says that you can't enjoy life. You can. You should. You just won't allow yourself."

"How can I feel like that after what happened? It feels wrong."

"It's not wrong," Mark says. "You need to let yourself feel happiness and not run away from every good feeling that comes over you."

"It doesn't feel right."

"Why?" I ask.

"Because ... it makes me feel cheap-dirty." Fuck, I hate that son of a bitch for leaving her so broken that this is how she feels about herself.

"You aren't either of those things, not even close," Mark tells her. "What happened doesn't make you cheap or dirty or whatever else you're thinking. It happened, and you have been punishing yourself ever since."

"He's right," I add. "You can't keep doing this to yourself. You can't keep taking this wound and ripping it further open beyond repair. You have to try and leave it be, and allow it to heal."

"I don't know," she says and I can tell she's about to cry, so I drop it and change the subject.

"I'm proud of you," I tell her "I honestly didn't think you would come out with us tonight. Thought you might back out." I give her a smile and she leans forward, between the seats, and gives me a hug.

"I'm glad I came," she whispers in my ear.

Mark gives her a kiss and then gets back behind the wheel. When we get to her house I offer to come in, but she assures me that she's fine. Once, she's inside, I grab Mark's hand and admit, "I hate this."

Looking over at me, he asks, "Hate what?"

"The way she feels about herself. It pisses me off because it's so messed up."

"I know, but it makes sense that she would think that way, as crazy as it sounds," he says as he drives us back to my place.

"I just want her to be happy."

Mark squeezes my hand. "I know you do. She will be. It just might not be for a while."

Lying down in bed, Mark rolls on his side and says, "I don't want to pressure you, but Thanksgiving is in a few weeks. I just was wondering where your head is at with it all."

I fold my hands behind my head and sigh. "I don't know." A part of me is still surprised that he hasn't wavered on me.

"What are you so worried about?"

Everything. Meeting his family, their reaction to me, their reaction to us, taking our relationship further. "I just don't know what to expect."

"Jase, you have nothing to worry about. I swear. Whatever you're thinking, it's only in your head."

I get so much from Mark, and I know it isn't fair. He gives and I take. I think about how much I want Candace to push herself, but in a way, I'm holding back just like she is. Scared of the unknown. I know I need to trust that Mark has my back, but more than that, I need to show him that I have his. That I am in this. Because I am.

"If the answer is no, that's fine, babe. Just say the word, and I won't bring it up again."

"I'll go," I say as I roll on my side to face him straight on.

Shaking his head, he questions, "Are you sure?"

"I'm sure. And I'm sorry. I don't want to hold back with you anymore. It isn't fair."

Looking deep into my eyes, he says softly, "It's not about being fair. I love you, Jase. I'm not going anywhere, so I'll give you whatever you need."

When I wrap my arm around his waist, I tell him, "I've been taking too much though."

He brushes his lips over mine before kissing me. As he trails his lips down my neck, he breathes on my skin, "I don't care how much you take."

I grab his hair and guide him back up to my mouth. Mark slides his tongue along my lower lip and nips it. His chest is hot against my skin, and I cling to him, pulling him flush against me. We tangle our legs, and I just can't seem to get close enough to him. I want him. All of him. And I want to give him back everything I've taken.

I shift on top of him and take my time as I graze my mouth across his chest, flicking my tongue over his nipple, and kissing my way down his taut abs. Hooking my fingers around the waistband of his boxers, I slide them down and toss them on the floor. I look down at him, and everything is near perfection for me.

Settling myself between his legs, I trail my tongue up the length of him before sucking him into my mouth. His hands are twisted in my hair, gripping tightly as he guides me at his own pace, and I let him take control.

I know that Mark has gone out of his comfort zone with me to give me what I want, and I want to be able to do the same for him.

When Mark's breathing grows heavy, I drag my mouth off of him and grip him in my hand as I shift to his side. He kisses me slowly, dipping his tongue in my mouth. We move lazily together, not wanting to rush while I continue to stroke him in my hand.

I'm so turned on and hard right now, and I have to resist the urge to bury myself deep inside of him, because for once, I want to give him the satisfaction he's been denying himself. For me.

Mumbling over his lips, I hesitantly whisper, "You can have me." Never have I been the bottom, but I know it isn't Mark's thing either. He's let me take control all the times we've had sex in the past, but I'm done being selfish with him.

As he shifts back slightly to look in my eyes, he takes a moment before asking, "Are you sure?"

I nod my head, and he begins to question, "You've never ...?"

"No."

"Jase-"

"Don't," I cut him off. "I love you. I really f**kin' love you. And I-"

He doesn't let me finish when he covers my mouth with his. He moves on top of me and breaks our kiss only long enough for him to remove my shorts and sling them aside. He lies between my legs and returns his lips to mine as I band my arms around him, pulling his weight on top of me. I'm nervous about doing this, but there isn't anyone else I would do this for, and I know it. I trust Mark, and I love him. That's enough.

He leans over and opens the drawer to my nightstand. I watch him as he moves slowly and takes his time getting me ready for him. Reaching down, he braces himself over me with his one arm.

"Just relax, okay?" he breathes out as he slowly pushes himself inside of me. My breathing begins to stagger at the unfamiliar and uncomfortable feeling. My body instinctively tenses up around him, and he repeats, "Relax, babe."

And when I do, he continues to ease himself the rest of the way in. We lie there for a while, kissing slowly, as he lets me get used to him and not feel so tense.

"You okay?"

"Yeah," I say as I nod my head, and when I do, he begins to move. I hold him close to me as his body lies on top of mine. And the closeness alone overwhelms me. Having him inside of me is intense. There is no give and take right now. We just are.

We take our time and never move too fast. Eventually the uncomfortable feeling passes and my body heats up with the pleasure that begins to overtake me. Closing my eyes, I moan out, "Oh, God," as he pushes himself inside of me.

Dropping his head in the crook of my neck, he breathes hard, "You feel so good."

His words burn through me, and I reach down and start stroking myself, needing more of this feeling that's shooting through me. I stare up into Mark's green eyes as he looks into mine. Neither of us speaks through our labored breaths. I take my free hand and wrap it behind his neck, and he drops his damp forehead to mine.

I lift my chin and kiss him as I feel myself getting close. I know Mark is with me when he grows harder, swelling inside of me, and the pressure building is more intense than I have ever felt before. I can't hold back when I start to come. Violent euphoria rips through me, and I can't even keep my eyes open as I roll my head back into the pillow. My abs constrict as the pulses of pleasure take me over. I hear Mark groan as he begins to lose himself, grinding himself into me. The longer he moves inside of me, the more he prolongs my release, and like a greedy bastard, I don't want him to stop. And he doesn't, knowing what he's doing to me.

When he collapses on top of me, I wrap my arms around him. I can feel the thudding of his heart through his chest, and I know I am with exactly who I should be. No doubts. No questions. He's freed me in a way I didn't think was possible. I didn't know I could open myself up this way to another man and be so exposed. But he doesn't judge. He has only ever given me the benefit of the doubt, letting me stumble at my own pace. And even though I am scared shitless about meeting his family, I want to because there isn't anyone else I want to be with.

He's it.

Chapter twenty-one

"Hey, man," Ryan says as he's walking into my apartment. "You guys ready?"

"Mark is still at Aiden's place going over some of the new songs."

Sitting down on the couch, he asks, "How's that been going? Those two have been at each other's throats for a while now."

"You wanna beer?" I ask from the kitchen before answering him.

"Yeah."

Grabbing a couple of beers from the fridge, I hear the door open, and when I look up, I see Candace walking in, looking like a mess, startled, staring at Ryan.

"Hey, is everything all right?" I ask as I start walking into the living room.

I hand a bottle to Ryan and look at her with her wet hair like she just got out of the shower.

"Umm, yeah ... I mean, no." She's stumbling over her words, and I know I'm not gonna figure out what has her on edge with Ryan here. But I ask anyway. "What's that mean?"

"Nothing, never mind," she sighs as she flops down in the chair. "I didn't know you would have company, or I would've called or something."

I laugh and tell her, "Candace, I gave you a key so you wouldn't have to call. You can come over whenever."

As she turns to watch the TV, I look over at Ryan, who's staring intently at her. He's leaning forward with his elbows on his knees, gripping the neck of the bottle with his hand. There is no doubt he's interested. I suddenly feel very protective of her, knowing that he has no clue how f**ked up she is right now. I like Ryan; he's a nice guy and all, but I'm wary about whatever intentions might be running through his head. Candace never dealt well with guys even before the attack. Now ... well ... now she's just barely staying afloat.

"You okay?" Ryan asks her.

She looks at him and then over at me. "I don't want to talk about it," she says as she focuses back on the TV. "Where's Mark?"

"He's finishing up rehearsals with the band. He should be here shortly, then we are heading out to Malone's to shoot some pool and chill," I say as my cell starts ringing. When I pull it out of my pocket, I see it's Mark. Knowing he's probably going to be in an irritated mood, I grab my jacket and head out to the balcony to talk to him.

"Hey, where are you?" I ask.

"I'm heading over now. Sorry I'm running late. Is Ryan there?"

"Yeah. So is Candace."

"Is everything okay?" he asks.

Leaning against the railing, I watch the rain fall from the dark sky. "Yeah. Something's going on, but whatever it is doesn't seem to be bothering her too much. I didn't pry 'cause Ryan is here."

"Okay, well, I'm about ten minutes away."

"How did everything go with the guys?"

"Not as bad as I thought. Aiden is just on a different page with this whole music thing. He's a lot more serious about it than the rest of us. He's pissed, but he's been easier to handle."

"Is he looking to push this into something bigger?"

"Yeah, but I'm not looking to get signed or anything. This is just a hobby for me," he says.

I turn, looking into the apartment, and see that Candace and Ryan are talking. "I'll see you in a bit. I'm gonna head back inside."

"Okay, see ya."

"Who was that?" Candace asks when I walk back in.

"Just Mark. He's on his way."

"Hey, did you get a chance to think about Saturday?" Ryan asks her, and I am caught off guard.

When the hell did they talk about making plans on Saturday? "Saturday?" I ask.

"Yeah, I asked her to come hiking with us."

Instead of questioning when this conversation happened, I take the bait to try and get Candace to step out of her comfort zone a little more and go with us. I never asked her before 'cause I figured she'd shoot me down, but since apparently Ryan has invited her, I add, "Oh yeah? You coming?"

She lies to me when she says, "I have a lot of studying to do before finals."

I'm not gonna let her avoid this, so I don't let up. "Please, we both know you are way ahead in all your classes. You should come. We are hiking up to the Tolmie Peak Lookout."

She looks over at Ryan, and I am sure she doesn't want to fight in front of him when she lets out a sigh, saying, "Fine."

She shakes her head at me when I smile in satisfaction.

"Hey, sorry I'm late," Mark says as he barges through the door with his guitar case slung across his chest. "Let me put this up, and I'll be ready to go."

Candace stands when Ryan and I get up to toss our bottles in the trash. She walks over to Mark when he heads to the door, and we join them as I hear her ask him if she can stay over. He tells her it's cool and draws her in for a hug as she looks over his shoulder at Ryan, and he's staring back at her.

Not too comfortable with what's happening, I say, "Okay, I'm ready. Let's go," and open the door. I give Candace a kiss before the three of us head out.

I've been uneasy since we left my place, so after Ryan racks the balls on the pool table, I ask, "So when did you see Candace?"

Chalking his cue, he says, "What?"

"When you mentioned our hike."

"This morning." He lines up the cue ball and breaks. "She left her scarf at the concert. I stopped by her work to drop it off."

He looks at me while I stand there, and I'm curious about how she handled that.

"You're up," he says.

Lining up my shot, I hit the five into the side pocket.

"You guys want another bucket of beers?" Mark asks us, and when I look up at him and nod, he heads over to the bar.

"So, what's her story?" he asks, as I line up my next shot.

Being cautious and territorial, I leave it at, "No story." Distracted, I miss my shot and watch Ryan as he walks around the table. I wanna know where his head is at and what he's thinking when it comes to Candace. I'm not nervous about him as a person; he's a good guy. I'm nervous about what his intentions might be.

He continues and asks, "You've known her a long time?"

He's obviously interested, so I just come right out and let him know, "She's not like that, man. Not even close."

Leaning over the table about to take his shot, he peers up at me, and I tell him, "She's like a sister to me."

Mark walks over, setting our drinks down on the table, and Ryan takes his shot, knocking his ball into the corner pocket. He doesn't ask any more questions, and I'm relieved. I like Ryan, but he's older and used to getting what he wants out of women, at least from what I've heard, so I wonder if he is looking for something quick and easy with Candace. I hate having the feeling that I would need to protect her from a guy who has become a pretty good friend.

We hang out for several hours, drinking and playing pool, but we decide to call it a night when Ryan gets a call from his bar, and has to run up there. Mark and I leave, and instead of dropping him off at his car, I ask him to come home with me.

"I told Candace that I wasn't going to stay and that she could," he says.

"I think we should tell her about Ryan. He was asking a lot of questions about her earlier tonight, and I'm just worried."

"You weren't the other day. What happened?"

Turning into the parking garage, I tell him, "I don't know, but I can tell he's into her. He stopped by to see her at work this morning."

"How do you know that?"

"He told me. He invited her to go hiking with us on Saturday."

When I park the car, he questions, "Is she going?"

"Yeah."

Shifting in his seat, he asks, "I thought you liked Ryan?"

"It isn't that, but I know how Candace is with guys. Hell, man, she's practically a virgin. I don't want her to get hurt, and after everything that's happened, I just-"

"I think you need to relax. If she's as closed off as you say, then I wouldn't worry. I mean, the girl never goes anywhere aside from school and work. I think you're stressing over nothing, but if you want to talk to her, then you should."

I lean over and kiss him before getting out of the car and heading upstairs. When we walk in, we make our way into my room to see Candace curled in a ball in the center of the bed. Stripping down to my boxers, I lean over and whisper, "Hey, sweetie, Mark's staying the night with us."

Keeping her eyes closed, she nods her head.

"I just didn't want you to wake up and be scared," I say, and I slide into bed at the same time Mark does.

The following morning, we sit around and drink coffee before we have to get ready for class.

"You guys have fun last night?" Candace asks from the kitchen as she's refilling her mug.

"Yeah. Why didn't you tell me that Ryan came to see you at work?" I question as she walks back into the living room and sits at the corner of the couch.

"I don't know."

"Well, what happened?" I pry, wanting the answers I didn't feel like I could get from Ryan last night.

Taking a sip of her coffee, she says, "He had my scarf that I had left at the concert. He just returned it, and then Roxy, being Roxy, told him that I would have a drink with him when he asked me."

"So you guys hung out?"

"Yeah. It was fine though. We just talked about school, and then he invited me to go hiking with you guys." Staring between Mark and I, she shakes her head and asks, "What?"

"Jase is just being protective," Mark answers.

"I thought you'd be happy that I agreed to go with you guys," she says, a little confused.

"I am," I try to convince her and then Mark takes over. "Jase is just worried about some stuff we heard about Ryan."

"What stuff?"

"He has a reputation for sleeping with a lot of women. But ever since I've known him, I have never seen him be that way. At all. So, I'm not sure how much truth there is to it," Mark tells her.

"You don't need to tell me this. I have no interest in him. In anyone. Why would you even think that?" she states, clearly bothered with what we are insinuating.

I don't tell her that I think Ryan feels differently because it might freak her out, so I just let it go for now. "I don't. It's just me feeling like I need to protect you."

She looks at Mark and he tells her, "Ryan's a good guy. Jase is just worried, that's all."

I reach over and pull her down on the couch with me as I lean into Mark behind me. Wrapping her arms around me, she says, "I don't know if I'll ever be able to have that."

"Have what?" I say and then kiss the top of her head.

"Feelings like that."

Letting out a deep breath, I tell her, "You will. One day, you'll get everything you deserve."

Chapter twenty-two

"I feel weird about leaving Candace all week," I tell Mark as I pull a few t-shirts from my closet to throw into my suitcase.

"Isn't she going home tomorrow?"

"Yeah, but that's what I'm worried about. They have a horrible relationship."

"Jase-"

"I know," I say when I turn to face him. Mark has been pushing me to take a step back. He thinks she depends on me too much, and I know she does, but I like being that for her.

"She'll be okay. I mean, she was completely fine getting out with us on Saturday and being around Ryan," he says, and it's true. "Hell, I think she actually enjoyed herself for a change."

Mark made sure that I gave her space when we went hiking. When I wanted to stay with her, he dragged me ahead, leaving Candace to spend most of the time with Ryan. And he's right; she was fine. Spending the whole day together, seeing Ryan with Candace, actually settled some of the feelings I was having about wanting to protect her from him. I don't really think there is much to protect her from. If anything, I like the fact that she could possibly see Ryan as another friend, or at least open herself up to that idea.

"Did you talk to your mom?"

"Yeah, I feel bad that I waited so long to tell her I wasn't coming home, but she had to know that it probably wasn't going to happen anyway," I say as I toss the last of my things in my bag and zip it shut. Mark grabs it off of the bed and takes it into the living room while I finish shutting everything off before we leave.

"What did she say?"

"Not much. She's upset, but she's always upset. A part of me feels guilty that they will be alone for the first time this year, but if I went home, it would just be a disaster."

Turning off the lights, Mark steps in front of me and says, "I'm sorry," as he wraps his arms around my waist.

"Don't be. Honestly, I don't see them moving past this, and I just have nothing left to say."

I cup his jaw in my hands when he kisses me. This fracture in my family would hurt a lot worse than it does if it weren't for the solidity Mark gives me. Somehow, it makes up for all the other crap going on.

"You ready?" he asks when he pulls away.

"Yeah."

Grabbing my things, I lock up and we head down to Mark's car. I'm nervous, and this drive to the airport is becoming unsettling. A thousand different scenarios are running through my head, and none of them are good. As he reaches over to hold my hand, I continue to stare out the side window.

When Mark turns into the parking garage and parks, I turn to look at him as he shuts off the car. He's staring at me, still holding my hand.

"Tell me what you're so scared of," he demands softly.

"What do you mean?"

Shaking his head, he sounds irritated when he says, "You don't think I know you well enough by now to read you? Just be honest. What are you scared of?"

I lean my head back on the seat and exhale before admitting, "Everything. Everything but you."

"Then trust me enough to know that I would never put you in a situation with my family if it weren't anything but safe. So whatever has been consuming you since you got into this car, let it go."

Eight and a half hours later, we land in Cleveland, Ohio. I know that Mark's mom will be the only one meeting us here at the airport. He called her to tell her a bit about my family, and that it would be best if everyone wasn't here to meet us.

We make our way down to baggage claim, and my heart is racing with nerves. I don't know what to expect, and I shove my hands in my pockets to keep myself from fidgeting too much. When a woman with shoulder-length, dark brown hair walks towards us, he quickly pulls her into his arms.

"Hey, Mom."

"I'm so glad you're here," she says as they hug. "I've missed you so much, sweetheart."

"I've missed you too," he says as he steps back to introduce us. "Mom, this is Jase."

"Please, call me Andrea." She walks straight to me and gives me big hug.

I laugh lightly at her affectionate demeanor when I say, "It's great to meet you."

Loosening her grip, she looks at me with a big smile. "Well, I am so glad that you came. Mark has told me a lot about you. How was the flight?"

"Long," I say as she hooks her arm through mine, and we head to the carousel to get our bags. I instantly feel my nerves calm with Andrea's relaxed nature. Mark walks ahead of us, as she continues, "Have you ever been to Ohio before?"

"No, I've always stuck to the west coast. I grew up in California," I tell her.

"Are you boys hungry? We had lasagna for dinner, and there are plenty of leftovers. Or we can stop and pick something up."

Mark grabs the last piece of luggage off of the tether and says to his mom, "We can eat leftovers."

I take my bag from him as we walk out into the dark, snowy night. The chill hits me hard, and Mark turns and laughs at me.

"It's freakin' cold," I chatter out.

Andrea shoots me a smile, and we load our things into her SUV. Mark hops in the back, and I sit up front with his mom. I look at her in surprise when she turns the car on and 'Neon Lights' by Demi Lovato blasts through the speakers.

"Good Lord, Mom!" Mark shouts over the music from the back seat.

She quickly turns it down, and I start laughing as she claims, "Your sisters were using the car earlier."

Calling her out, Mark says, "That explains earlier, but you drove here-alone."

"So what?" she teases and turns it back up, but not nearly as loud as what it was. "Jase, Mark tells me you like to cook."

"Yeah, I've tried teaching him a couple times, but all he seems to be good at is setting off my smoke detector."

"All my kids are worthless in the kitchen, so I hope you don't mind, but you are stuck with me cooking on Thursday."

"Not at all," I say with a smile. I only hope that the rest of his family is as laidback as she is.

It's a little before eleven o'clock when we pull into the driveway of a large two-story home. Everything is covered in snow, but you can see the lights are on through the big windows. Suddenly those nerves that Andrea had so easily erased are back.

Walking in, the house is quiet. I follow Mark as he leaves his bag at the foot of the stairs, and I toss mine next to his. Rounding the corner, his father walks up. My chest tightens but only for a second before he says, "Son, come here," and gives Mark a quick hug.

"It's good to see you, Dad."

"Same here. Your mother and I have missed you," he says, and then turns to me. "And you must be Jase?" He reaches out and shakes my hand, "I'm Ben. Glad to have you."

He catches me off guard. My father is a stern, quiet man, so to see Mark's dad come across so opposite, takes me a second before saying, "It's good to meet you, Ben."

"I'm going to go heat you boys up some dinner," Andrea tells us as she walks down the hall.

"Well, come in. You want anything to drink?" Ben asks as we follow him and Andrea back to the kitchen.

"Just some water," I reply.

Closing the fridge, Mark's mother says, "The cups are in that cabinet over there," as she nods her head towards the sink.

Mark takes a seat at the table as I get my drink. I like that his mom didn't get it for me, that she would treat me as if I've been in this house a hundred times before. She turns and smiles at me as I walk over to the table and sit with Mark and his father.

"The weather is supposed to turn bad this weekend, so your mom is insisting that the Christmas lights go up tomorrow."

"Great, I'm back for all of five minutes, and you're telling me I have to freeze my ass off all day tomorrow?" Mark says as he laughs.

"Blame that woman over there," he says as he points to his wife, who is taking a plate of food out of the microwave. "I have to freeze my ass off too."

"Oh, please. You men are pathetic." She sets down a plate of lasagna and salad in front of me as she adds, "There are three of you; there is no way it will take you all day."

She hands me a fork, and I thank her when Mark looks at her and says, "Then I demand steaks for dinner."

I laugh and shake my head when Ben slaps his shoulder in approval, and clarifies, "Ribeyes."

"Fine. No more complaining," she tells the two of them and hands Mark his plate.

The both of us eat as Ben starts talking and asking Mark and I about school. My father and I haven't spoken since I told him I was g*y, and I can only imagine how skittish he would be around me, now that he knows. Although I'm feeling comfortable hanging out here with Mark and his parents, the idea of Mark touching me in front of them makes me anxious. It's almost like I'm a college buddy of his spending the holiday with his family, not his boyfriend. I guess I'm waiting for the look. The freak-out. The 'oh my God, he's g*y' reaction.

We finish eating and clean up our mess before saying good night to Mark's parents. Grabbing our bags, we head upstairs to Mark's room.

"Come on," he says. "I'll introduce you to my sisters. Fair warning, they have no filter."

We walk down the hall, and when Mark opens the door, the first thing I hear is a high-pitched, "God, Mark! Knock much?"

I can't help the burst of laughter that comes out of me as I step into the room. The two girls are lying on the bed, huddled over a laptop, looking at us.

"Whatever. Jase, this is Emily and Erin."

I knew that Mark's sisters were twins, but they seriously look just alike. Both with long, straight brown hair and the same bright, green eyes that Mark has.

They clamber out of bed and not only give Mark hugs, but me as well. Mark has told me that he's really close with his sisters, but seeing them now, I can't help the twinge of jealousy that creeps in, only wishing it was my own sister I was hugging. He's lucky to have them.

"When did you get here?" he asks them.

"After finals last week. The dorms emptied out, so we went ahead and came home a couple days early."

"So ... Jase ..." Erin says as she shoots me a flirty wink.

When I c**k my head at her, slightly amused, her eyes begin to pan down the length of me in a dramatic fashion. I laugh at her blatant nature as Mark says with annoyance to Erin, "You're seriously messed up."

"This is almost too much," I chuckle out when Emily breaks out into a fit of laughter as well.

"Yeah, I agree. We'll see you two in the morning," Mark tells them, and when we walk out, the two of them burst out laughing. I can't help but do the same as Mark looks at me with an apologetic look on his face.

We head back to his room, unpack, and get ready for bed. It's a bit odd to be sleeping in the same room as him in his parents' home, but I try to shake off my insecure feelings for the sake of Mark. Sliding into bed, it feels so good to finally be lying down. It's been a long day, and I huddle down under the blankets, wrapping myself around Mark.

I close my eyes, and I'm about to fall asleep when we hear squealing from the next room where his sisters are. Mark sits up and looks down at me for a second before shifting to his knees and placing his ear on the wall.

"What the hell are you doing?" I ask.

"Shhh." He stays there, eavesdropping for a moment, when he whispers, "I can't make out what they're saying."

"Oh my God, you are just as crazy as they are."

We hear another squeal, and Mark jumps out of bed.

"What are you doing?"

As he slips on a pair of pajama pants, he says, "I'm gonna see what they're up to."

As tired as I am, I am getting a major kick out of seeing this new side of Mark. He quietly walks across the room and slowly opens the door, trying hard to not make any noise. He looks back at me, and nods his head for me to follow. Sighing, I get out of bed and follow him to his sisters' door. With his hand on the handle, he quickly opens the door, barging in. One of the girls is sitting at the desk, on the computer and the other one is standing on top of the bed.

"What's going on in here?" Mark asks, and Erin jumps off the bed, runs over to us, and drags us in, shutting the door quietly behind us.

"Jesus, you're loud. You're gonna wake up Mom and Dad," she snaps at him before glancing at me, or rather, my bare chest. "God, you're hot."

"What?" I say at the same time Marks asks, "What the hell's the matter with you?"

"Geez, nothing!"

"Em, dish it. What has the two of you acting so secretive?" Mark asks as I walk over and sit on the edge of the bed.

"You have to promise to not say anything to Mom and Dad."

"Yeah, sure."

"Okay, so there's this guy, Travis, that is totally hot and all. I mean, seriously. This guy is like-"

"Get to the point," Mark interrupts.

"Anyway. Erin is like madly in love with this guy-"

"No, I'm not!"

"Okay, I'm out," Mark tells them as he starts heading for the door.

"Fine. Jase will help us," Emily says.

"I don't even know what's going on here," I say in complete confusion.

When Erin finally stops molesting my chest with her eyes, she looks up at me and pleads, "You have to take us to this party tomorrow night."

"What?" Mark asks.

"Umm, excuse me. I'm talking to Jase."

"Why do you need us to take you to a party? Just go," he tells her.

Getting up from the computer, Emily walks over and sits down on the bed with Erin and me. "Because, there is no way that Mom will let us go to a party the night before Thanksgiving. But if we say that the four of us are going out together, you know, like a brother-sister type thing, then I know they won't question it."

Laughing at their scheming, I say, "I'm in."

Erin wraps her arms around me when Mark glares at me with a look of complete betrayal, and I laugh at him. "It sounds completely harmless," I tell him.

"I already love you," Emily tells me as I hear Mark let out a deep breath. "Oh, come on, Mark. Even Jase is cool with it."

"How old is this guy?" he asks.

"I don't know. He's in his third year," Erin says when she finally lets go of me. "What does it matter?"

"Because you're nineteen and my sister. It matters."

Suddenly thinking about Candace, I stand up, taking Mark's side, and tell them, "We'll go, but we're staying with you."

"Yeah, I agree," Mark says, probably understanding my change of tone.

"Are you serious?" Emily questions, clearly not liking that her older brother is, in a sense, chaperoning them.

"Em, who cares?" Erin says. "Maybe Travis will get jealous when he sees me with Jase."

Tilting my head at her in disbelief, she defends, "What? I get that you're g*y and all, but who knew my brother would snag a hottie? So yeah, I plan on using you."

With mild laughter, I say, "This is slightly uncomfortable."

"No shit," Mark says as he turns to walk out, and I follow.

When we get back into bed, I replay the last ten minutes and begin to laugh.

"What's so funny?" Mark asks.

"You weren't kidding around about them."

"No, man. They're crazy as hell. All the women in this family are."

I'm glad that they are because it takes my mind off of the nerves of being here. I like Mark's family, and his sisters make it all that much better, because even though they are completely different than Jace, they kinda remind me of her.

Mark runs his hand behind my neck and asks, "What are you thinking about?"

I tug him close to me, when I say, "I'm glad I came."

"Me too."

We lay there for a moment, silent, before I say, "Your dad seems really great." I just wish my own could be as understanding as his.

"It's not easy on him, you know?"

"What do you mean?"

He shifts slightly before continuing. "He had a really difficult time with it at first. It's just been hard on him. He's a work in progress."

I nod my head, not really knowing how to respond. I'd like to think maybe my father could come around as well, but I think that's a far cry from my reality.

Interrupting my thoughts, he adds, "I don't want you to think my family's perfect. Things weren't always like they are now, but they've known for a few years. It wasn't just me coming to terms with it; they had to as well."

"I don't see that happening for me, for my parents, I mean," I tell him. I can hope, but what's hope? My hopes are rarely ever fulfilled.

Mark pulls me in closer, his body warm against mine. "Maybe it's just another piece I can fill for you."

I smile and remember our conversation from the other week. Not wanting to deny his words, I simply whisper in response, "Yeah, maybe," before I cover his lips with mine.

Although the both of us are exhausted from the day of traveling, we spend a good amount of time quietly kissing before falling asleep.

Chapter twenty-three

There's a knock on the door as I'm slipping on one of my old UW hooded sweatshirts. I open the door to Erin standing there, still in her pajamas. Walking into the room, she jumps onto the bed and asks, "Where's Mark?"

"Taking a shower."

"Is he gonna talk to Mom about tonight?"

"He didn't say," I answer as I sit next to her.

"Say what?" I turn to see Mark as he's walking out of the bathroom.

"Are you going to talk to Mom about tonight?"

"Yeah, I'll talk to her," he says as he grabs his clothes and heads back into the bathroom.

I turn to look at Erin, and she has a huge smile on her face.

"Who's going to this party anyway?" I ask.

"People from Kent State that live around here."

"That's where you go?"

"Yeah. Em and I are freshmen," she tells me. "So, you're an Architect major with Mark?"

"Yeah."

"You've known him this whole time?" she asks as she leans against the headboard, getting comfortable.

"Sort of. We never really spoke until this summer."

"Well, for what it's worth, he seems really happy," she says with a grin right before Mark comes back out. "Why are you guys dressed so early?" she asks as she looks between the two of us.

"It's not that early, but Mom wants the lights up today, so we're gonna be stuck on the roof for the next several hours."

Hopping off the bed, she prances out of the room, calling, "Have fun with that!"

Mark closes the door and locks it before walking toward me and hovering his body over mine, pushing me back onto the bed.

"What are you doing?" I barely get out when Mark starts kissing me.

Mumbling over the skin on my neck as he moves his lips down, he says, "Not being able to touch you is going to drive me crazy today."

His words unintentionally make me feel guilty. He knows I'm not comfortable with anything physical in front of his family, and I hate that I'm still holding back with him. I don't want to. I don't want to pretend to be something we're not. And we are not distant.

When he drags his lips back to mine, he pushes back off of me and smiles. "I need coffee."

Sitting up, I hold his face and pull him down to me once more, kissing him slowly, allowing myself to taste him. He moans as I lean back and stare up at him.

"I love you," I say with all seriousness.

Running his fingers through my hair, he confirms, "Not even close to how much I do."

And I don't need to hear anymore as I smile up at him.

I follow as he walks to the door and unlocks it. Heading down the stairs, I take his hand, and when he looks at me, surprised, I just give him a slight grin. No more pretending. No more wavering.

We walk into the kitchen where his mom and dad are sitting at the table and drinking coffee. They look up at us, and for a moment my stomach knots when his mother looks down at our hands. She stands and walks over to us, smiling, and says, "Good morning. You boys want anything to eat?"

Returning the smile, knots vanishing, I say, "Just coffee."

Mark and I fix our coffee and join his parents at the table.

"Mom, would it be a problem if we went out with Em and Erin tonight for a bit?" Mark asks.

"What are you guys gonna do?"

"Not sure, but we thought it would be fun for the four of us to hang out."

"Yeah, sure. Just try to not be out too late," she tells him as she picks up her coffee to take a sip.

Mark looks over at me and shakes his head, not excited about having to follow his sisters around tonight.

"You boys ready to get out there and get this over with?" his dad says.

We take a few minutes and drink our coffee before heading out into the snow.

Several hours later, Mark has gone to the store to pick up some things for dinner tonight, and Ben and I are sitting on the roof, drinking a couple of beers Andrea tossed up to us. The snow keeps falling, but after three hours, I'm completely numb.

"So, Jase, Mark tells me that the two of you have some classes together."

"Yeah. We share the same studio this year and one of our lectures."

He takes a swig of his beer and then asks, "How has this year been treating you?"

"It's been a little challenging," I say quietly, knowing it's been probably one of the most difficult years of my life.

"Why's that?" he asks as he looks over at me, curious to know.

Talking to Mark's father like this is far from what I'm used to with my own father. He's a quiet guy and was never too involved in my life. With Ben, however, it doesn't feel forced.

"There's just been a lot going on, and I fell behind in some of my classes," I tell him and then take another sip of my beer.

"You able to catch up?"

"Yeah. Luckily, Mark worked ahead and was able to help me with a few things. I just had to refocus for a moment."

Staring straight ahead, looking out over the street, he says, "Mark seems really happy."

I look at him when he says this, and he turns to me. Feeling a little nervous about where this could go, I don't respond.

"He said you don't really talk to your parents."

"No," I breathe out, disappointed that it even has to be this way with them.

"That's too bad," he says as he grips my shoulder. "You seem like a stand-up guy."

I shift my attention down to see Mark pulling into the driveway, I respond to Ben's statement, as I watch Mark getting out of the car. "I really appreciate that."

When Mark walks into the house, Ben claps his hand on my shoulder, saying, "Let's finish this up, son. I'm starving and ready to get out of this snow."

He stands and tosses his bottle down onto the snow-covered front yard. Hearing him call me son was all I needed. Whether it's just a figure of speech he uses freely, or it was meant with more intent, it felt accepting. No shame. No embarrassment. No fear. No opposition. He gets it.

"You coming?" he says, and I nod before tossing my bottle down as well.

After watching a movie huddled under blankets with Mark and his sisters, I helped Andrea out in the kitchen, getting dinner together. I took care of the steaks and the scalloped potatoes while she made a salad and also worked on a couple of piecrusts for Thanksgiving. I feel as if I have been coming over to this house for years. Comfortable.

Finishing dinner, Mark and I decide to go lie down before we head out for the night. The quietness is short-lived when his sisters barge in and are ready to go.

As we walk through the living room, Andrea says, "Seriously, don't stay out all night," as the four of us leave.

"Trust me, we won't," Mark tells her. He and I are completely worn out from getting all the lights on the house earlier today.

Sliding into the front seat with Mark, his sisters pile into the back, both buried in their cell phones.

"How long are you guys wanting to stay?" Mark asks as he drives down the slick road.

"Long enough for Erin to suck on Travis' face," Emily laughs out.

"I don't need to hear that crap," Mark says in clear disgust.

"Oh, whatever," Erin says.

The three of them continue to bicker until we finally pull up to the large, two-story house with a wrap-around drive. Cars flood the street, and when Mark parks, he turns around and says, "Two hours."

Rolling their eyes at him, Emily tells him, "You're such a pu**y," as both girls laugh.

When they get out of the car, he looks at me while I try not to laugh. "I'm not a pu**y," he tells me as if he needs to convince me of this fact.

Now I'm laughing at him when I hear my phone chime. I pull it out of my pocket and tell Mark, "It's Candace."

How's your trip so far?

"What's it say?" Mark asks, and I read it to him before typing out my response.

Good. Mark's family is oddly great.

LOL! What's that like? : )

Take it you're not having a good time.

It actually hasn't been too bad. Went shopping with mom, all the while bragging about how great her friend's children are doing. As if I'm slumming it at UW.

"Is everything going okay?" Mark asks.

"I think so," I mumble as I continue to text her.

Sorry. Just a couple more days.

I really miss you. I'm so happy for you though!

Thanks. I miss you too. Text if you need me.

I will. Love you!

Love you too.

"I think she's just lonely," I tell him as I shove my phone back into my pocket.

Smiling at me, he gives me a quick kiss before opening his door.

We walk into the crowded house and immediately spot his sisters, already drinking from their red plastic cups.

"They don't waste any time," I joke, and when I look over at Mark, he's staring at me in disbelief.

"Dude, they're only nineteen," he says.

"Right. So you mean to tell me that you never had a drink your freshman year or sooner?"

"I just don't want anything to happen," he tells me.

It's evident that he's a bit protective over them. "Nothing's gonna happen," I assure him.

"Come on. If I'm stuck here with your broody ass, I'm drinking too."

Walking back to the kitchen, I fill a couple of cups from the keg. I hand one over to Mark, and we walk back into the main room to keep an eye on the girls. Finding space on one of the couches, we take a seat and watch his sisters being loud and obnoxious, but clearly they're the most entertaining thing at this party.

The music is loud and everyone screaming over it to hear each other speak is even louder.

Leaning back, I notice a guy across the room eying Mark. I don't say anything when Mark leans over and asks, "So how are you feeling about everything now?"

I take a sip of the cheap beer and tell him, "You were right. I shouldn't have been so worried." He smiles at me, and I continue, "I'm just not used to this, that's all."

"Even before they knew?"

"Ever since Jace died, really. My family is just very different, but your parents are cool as hell. Your father surprised me."

"How's that?" he asks and then takes a drink from his cup.

"Just didn't expect him to be so easy to talk to."

He grins and slips his hand into mine, and I don't even give a second thought to what anyone else in the room might think if they saw. I grip his hand tightly as I smile back at him. We make ourselves content, sitting there, watching his sisters every now and then.

I let my beer grow warm; I'm tired and not in the mood to drink. Scanning the room, I notice that same guy from earlier looking over at Mark and me.

Leaning in, I ask him, "Do you know that guy standing by the stairs? He keeps looking at you."

"Shit," he says under his breath when he spots the guy I'm talking about.

"What?"

Mark looks away from him and leans his head down, seeming annoyed. "I knew him back in high school."

"And?" I prompt, wondering why he's having a strong reaction to seeing him.

"I'll tell you later, okay? Just not here," he says, almost pleading in a way, which only sparks my curiosity. "I'm gonna go get another beer. You want one?"

"No, I'm good."

Mark stands to head back into the kitchen, and I follow, needing to move around since I'm starting to get tired. He fills up his cup and when we turn to walk back out, we run into that same guy.

"Mark, hey," he says hesitantly.

"What's up, Carter?" Mark's voice is drenched with irritation.

"Not much. Just home visiting my parents."

Mark takes a sip of his beer and doesn't respond. When a cute blonde hooks her arm through Carter's, he looks down at her before looking back at Mark. "Oh, um, this is Valerie."

"Val," she clarifies as she reaches out to shake Mark's hand.

When he doesn't take it, I reach out my hand and say, "I'm Jase."

Shifting her eyes to me, she says, "Oh, nice to meet you," with a soft smile, probably sensing the same tension that I do.

I nod my head and notice Mark walking out of the room. "You too," I tell her as I turn around to follow him. "What was that all about?" I ask, and when he turns to me he quietly says, "Don't ask."

I don't. Whatever it is, it's really bothering him, so I leave it alone.

"You're f**kin' kidding me," he sighs out, and when I spot Erin dancing on top of a chair with a beer funnel in hand, I know it's time to leave.

"I'll go grab her, and you look for Emily," I tell him.

Walking over to Erin, I stand next to the chair she's on top of and when she looks down at me, she clutches my hands and squeals, "Jase!"

"Come on. It's time to go."

"What? Hell no!"

"It's late, and you're wasted. Come on. Your brother is already flipping from seeing you over here. Be lucky it's me dragging you out and not him."

Without any warning, she jumps onto me, wrapping her legs around my waist, almost knocking me over.

"Shit." I peel her off of me, and she stumbles over onto the floor. "How much did you drink?" I ask as I pick her up.

"I dunno."

"Come on." I hold her up and lead her to the front door. I turn to scan the room to see where Mark is, and I spot him holding Emily, who seems to be in the same drunken condition as Erin.

Walking up to me, he shakes his head, and tosses me the keys. "You're driving," he demands, and when the two girls see each other, they practically leap into each other's arms, giggling uncontrollably. "This shit's obnoxious."

We practically have to carry them out to the car. Crawling on their knees, they both pile carelessly into the back seat. I hop into the front, and when Mark gets in, I hear a loud thud followed by laughing. Looking back behind my seat, Erin has fallen onto the floorboard.

"You're a sexy bitch," Emily slurs as Erin climbs back onto the seat.

"Mark, you need to get their seatbelts on."

He sighs at me when he gets back out of the car to open the back door and helps them out. Their laughing is so distracting, and it takes all the concentration I have to drive on these slick roads and get us home without wrecking.

Pulling into the driveway, the girls are still loud as hell.

"How are we going to get them inside without waking up your parents?" I ask Mark as he looks at me and then back at the circus in the back seat.

"You guys have to shut up if you don't want to get busted by Mom and Dad," he tells them, and they burst out into an even louder fit of laughter.

Turning around, I say, "Seriously. You two have to calm down so we can get you upstairs."

"You're so serious," Emily says in mock sternness, and I shake my head as I open the door to get out.

We help the girls out of the car, and Erin clings herself to me. Walking up the driveway, we hit a patch of ice and Erin goes down, taking me with her as we hit the pavement hard. On my back, I look up to see Mark joining in with his sisters as they all laugh. Picking myself up, and grabbing Erin, we manage to make it inside and up the stairs with minimal noise. Mark finds a bottle of aspirin and says, "I'll be right back," as he walks out of the room and down the hall.

I take a quick shower, more for the warmth than anything, and when I walk out of the bathroom, Mark is already in bed. I slip under the covers next to him and he pulls me in close, facing him. "I'm beat," he breathes out, and I nod my head. "Sorry about being in such a crap mood tonight."

I wrap my legs around his and ask, "You wanna talk about it?"

He takes his time and then says, "That guy is the reason I moved to Seattle."

"What happened?"

"We used to see each other during our senior year in high school. I wasn't out yet, and by the looks of him tonight with that chick, he still isn't." He shifts his eyes down when he continues. "He was the first guy I ever got involved with, and at the time, I thought I was in love. But his older brother walked in on us and caught us kissing. That was it. He totally flipped, calling me a faggot and threatening to tell everyone that I was g*y if I even looked at him the wrong way."

"God," I sigh, wanting to kick the crap out of that guy, but in a way, I also understand him.

"I backed off, but he wound up telling some guys at school right before graduation. They made my life hell, taunting me and shit. Word started spreading, and I knew my sisters would hear about it soon. I was scared my parents would hear it too. It was a really f**ked up time, and that's when I started having trouble sleeping and having nightmares. I was forced into telling them. I was so worried that my secret would ruin the relationship with my family."

"Why? I mean, they seem so down to earth," I say.

"Yeah, but I had no idea how they would react to having a g*y son. My sisters were mad at me for a while. After that summer, everyone knew. I was already gone to Seattle, but my sisters were here, dealing with everything I had escaped from. When school started back up, they were just known as the sisters of the g*y guy that just graduated. They didn't talk to me for months. It killed me 'cause I love them so much, and I felt like their being bullied was all my fault, and I just left-I ran away."

"That's so messed up."

"It was a rough time all around," he says. "But it worked out for me, for all of us. Before I told them though, I honestly thought that they wouldn't take it well. That it would be done; I'd be out."

He looks up at me when I infer, "Like me?"

Nodding his head, he admits, "It kills me to know that my fear is your reality." He rests his forehead against mine and says, "That's why I wanted you to come here with me. I felt like I needed to give you this."

Keeping my eyes closed, I ask, "But why me? After what I did with Kyle ... well, it just doesn't seem too far off from Carter."

He doesn't respond for a while, so when I open my eyes and look into his, he finally tells me, "Because when I ran into you that night at Remedy and you were so honest, the guilt was written all over you, I just knew that I would wind up falling in love with you."

"I don't want to imagine not being with you," I whisper as I lean in and seal my lips with his.

I hold him close, and don't even question the love I feel for him. I can't. It's heavy and palpable. It's everything I have been missing and makes up for all the time I had been avoiding what was in me. What I was. What I am.

Chapter twenty-four

Everyone is in the living room while Andrea and I have spent the majority of the morning in the kitchen. We just cracked a bottle of wine and are making a few things for the family to snack on while we finish up everything for Thanksgiving dinner.

Taking the wrapped Brie out of the oven, I set it on the platter that Andrea has already set out and layered crackers on.

She takes the platter and says, "I'll be right back," as she heads to the other room.

I've missed having this. I used to have this with my own family, but that feels like forever ago. When she returns, she asks, "Could you get the bag of potatoes out of the fridge for me?"

"Yeah."

"So who taught you how to cook?" she asks as I hand her the bag, and she dumps them into the sink to wash them.

"My mom. It was something we always did together since I was little." I step next to her and start chopping the potatoes after she scrubs them.

"Well, I'm impressed," she says as she hands me another potato. "I hope I'm not intruding, but Mark told me that you haven't been talking to them much lately." Looking over at her, she turns to face me. "I'm sorry, I-"

"Don't be," I assure her. "Honestly, we haven't spoken much since my sister died."

"Oh, God. I'm sorry. I didn't know," she gasps with concern flushed across her face.

"It's okay. It was a while ago. We were both in high school."

She turns, leans her hip against the sink, and says, "Can I ask what happened?"

I set the knife down, and turn to face her as well. I've never spoken about this to anyone besides Candace. I just briefly told Mark, but I want his mother to know me, to know where I'm coming from, because I love her son, and I want this family to accept me. All of me.

"She was in a car crash with her boyfriend. She was about to graduate. My parents fell apart, and in a way, disappeared. They pretty much stopped talking, and it's been that way ever since."

"That's awful," she mumbles as she looks down. When her eyes meet mine, she asks, "Have you called them today?"

I shake my head.

"Do you want to?"

I look away because looking into her eyes makes me miss what I used to have with my mom. "I don't know. Things have gotten worse since ..." Shifting my eyes back to her, I continue honestly, " ... since I told them I was g*y."

She rests her hand on top of mine that's gripping the edge of the sink, and when she does, I tell her, "They threw me out."

Not saying a word, she wraps her arms around me, and for a moment, I pretend they're my mother's. I wonder if she'll ever hold me like this again, like she used to so many times in my life. My mind creeps back to reality, and I wonder, through all the hurt I've caused people, what I ever did that was so right to deserve this. This right here.

I have to swallow hard against my tightened throat as I try to control the mixture of pain and happiness that wells up inside of my chest. When Andrea pulls back, her eyes are rimmed with tears, and a part of me is comforted by the fact that she cares enough to feel this way.

"You're amazingly strong," she says softly, and when I shake my head, she affirms, "You are. I see why my son loves you the way that he does."

"I don't deserve him," I admit.

"It isn't about deserving; it's about accepting. None of us deserve anything. Everything we have is a gift, and you have to learn to simply accept what God gives you."

"Is that what you believe?" I ask her. Her words are such a contrast to everything I've ever been told.

She nods her head, and says, "I do."

And I do too.

"You guys look serious," Mark says as he walks into the kitchen.

He grabs a beer out of the fridge and his mother says, "Come here."

He eyes me as he walks towards her, and she gives him a tight hug. Keeping his eyes on me, he chuckles out, "She's not getting all sappy on you, is she?"

I laugh at him, lightening the mood, and shake my head. When he steps back from her, he looks between the both of us, and I don't hold back in front of his mom when I tell him, "I love you."

His smile is big, and he doesn't skip a beat when he cups his hands along my jaw and kisses me. I take it. I don't even try to shy away from it. This is what I've been needing; what I've been missing. Acceptance. And coming from these people, in this house, I know I'm exactly who I'm meant to be. I just needed Mark to show me.

Spending this time with Mark and his family has been great. The past few days have gone by fast, and I finish packing up my bag while Mark gets his things together as well. Everything I worried about before getting on that plane with Mark was immediately negated when I met his family.

Mark smiles at me when he grabs his bag, and I zip up mine. We head downstairs to say goodbye before Mark's dad drives us to the airport. It feels good knowing it won't be long until I get to see everyone again. Andrea insisted that I come back for Christmas. She even booked my ticket last night after I had a long talk with her and Mark about my parents. She told me to not give up on them, so I gave them a call when Mark and I went to bed. We didn't talk long, but it was still nice to hear my mother's voice. I'm not sure how often we will talk, but I'll never stop loving them, and I never want to turn away from them no matter how they feel about me.

Loading everything into the car, Ben starts driving toward the airport. When he pulls up to departures, we all hop out and get our things. After Mark says his goodbye, he takes my bag and heads inside to check them while he leaves me with his father.

"I don't know everything that's going on with your parents, but I just wanted to let you know that we're here if you need us."

Reaching out to shake his hand, I say, "Thanks," when he gives my hand a tug and brings me in for a hug.

When I take a step back, he smiles and nods before saying, "Give us a call when you guys land, okay?"

"Will do," I tell him as he gets into the car and drives away.

I make my way inside to find Mark and we get everything checked in and head to our gate. About an hour later, we are in the air, flying back to Seattle. It's crazy to think about how my whole frame of mind has taken a shift from when I flew out here just a few days ago.

I never should have doubted coming out here to meet Mark's family. I should have trusted him enough to know that he would have never asked me to come with him if he wasn't certain that it would be a safe thing for me to do. But he's always been ahead of me. Confident. He accepted being g*y years ago. I've been struggling to figure it out for a while when Mark has already known for himself, before ever getting involved with me. He was already there. He's just been waiting for me to get there as well-and I think I am. I know I am.

I look over at him and take his hand, holding it, lacing my fingers with his. He's beautiful and perfect and all I'll ever want. He has no idea what he's given me. He'll never understand no matter how much I tell him. Everything I've been searching for from the time I realized I was g*y, he's given me: my realization, my understanding, my accepting. He makes it okay for me to be who I was always meant to be.

Before him, I was afraid. Always in denial. I thought that finally coming out to my parents would free me. But it didn't. It was Mark. It was him that opened me up, that freed me of everything I was so scared of. He will always have everything that's inside of me that I have to give.

For years I've been trying to free myself of these fears, free myself from my tormenting thoughts, free myself from the walls that have kept me trapped in a hole of self-loathing. Since I met Mark, I've been fighting. Fighting to be free. But now I realize, it isn't about fighting. It's letting go of the fight to see that what I've been searching for is within him. Mark is my freeing.

Epilogue

Six Months Later...

"Did you get your cap and gown today?"

"Yeah. I went with Candace earlier," I respond as I kick my feet up on the coffee table and lean back into the couch.

Sitting next to me, he asks, "How's she doing?"

"She seems to be doing a little better. I think her finally seeing a therapist is helping the most."

Nodding his head, he says, "You're probably right." He wraps his arms around me, and I rest my head on his shoulder. "So I wanted to talk to you about something."

"What's up?"

"My roommate is moving out after graduation, and I was thinking ... maybe you would want to make it our place."

Turning to look at him straight on, I clarify, "You mean move in?"

He nods and says, "Yeah."

"Are you sure?" Mark and I spend most nights together anyway, but it's the knowing. Knowing that he's serious and in this as much as I am to want to live with me.

"You're it for me, Jase. I want to be with you. Only you. And I want to make my home with you."

I smile big. This past year with Mark has been nothing short of perfect. Even with the downs, they have been what has bonded us so tightly together. I've never been so connected with another person.

I lean over and kiss him, grazing my teeth along his lower lip and sliding my tongue along his as he fists the hair on the back of my head. I climb over him, lowering him on his back as we continue to kiss.

Everything is changing, but having this makes it more bearable. When Candace told me she accepted a job dancing in New York City, I couldn't have been more happy for her, but inside, my stomach was in knots. It had been a long time since I cried, but when I went to Mark's place to tell him, I lost it. I hate the thought of not having her with me. She's been my heart for so many years. She still is, but now she shares it with Mark, and having him to lean on when I'm losing a big part of me, makes the change seem okay.

Dragging his lips off of mine, he insists, "Be with me. Tell me you're mine and that this is it for you."

Looking down at him, into those green eyes I have fallen so in love with, I give him my affirmation. "I've only ever been yours." When he runs his hand around the back of my neck, I vow, "You're it for me," before lowering myself, pressing my lips softly against his, and I'm here-I'm home.

