Prologue - "Romeo and Juliet"

KATE

When will it be my turn?

When will I get past all the frogs and find my prince?

I've always been a dreamer. A girly girl who wants the dream courtship, the big princess wedding, the white picket fence and a yard full of kids. I know that I'm still young at twenty-four and that my biological clock is far from stopping, but I still have a lot of time up my sleeve to find that once in a lifetime love.

My one true love.

But I'm impatient, I'm antsy, and I'm sick of being the single one. I go out with Mac and Daniel and it's obvious that I'm the third wheel. And the problem is with me; they don't care one bit. But I do.

I'm sick of Mr. Wrong, Mr. Bad, Mr. Bad Breath, and Mr. Grabby Hands. Oh and don't get me started on Mr. Say I Love You After One Date To Get Into Your Pants. They're the worst. That is why I've instigated the three date rule. No sex or below the waist action until after three dates. It seems like a good time frame to weed through the wannabes.

Except so far, there haven't been any third dates.

I want to be loved. Is that so wrong?

See, here's the problem. I don't just want a good love, one of those everyday loves that you hear about. I want the kind of crazy love we've been warned about.

The kind of love that makes your heart skip a beat.

The kind of love that makes you want to dance in the rain and bottle up the sunset while screaming at the top of your lungs.

The kind of love that authors write about, musicians sing about, and lovers dream about.

I want true, total body mind and soul, bliss.

Surely the man who can give me all of that is out there somewhere. Maybe he's even looking for me. Maybe I've already met him, and our lives will intersect again.

There was one guy that piqued my interest three months ago, but he was firmly in the 'hands off' category. He was definitely knight in shining armor material. A drunken night at the bar went scarily wrong, and he swooped in and saved me. He brought me home, and I came on to him. Okay, I literally threw myself at him, but he rebuffed my advances and put me to bed after making me take some Advil. I fell asleep with a kiss on the forehead and hearing him tell me that as much as he'd like to lose himself in me, he didn't want me to regret him in the morning.

So I have to forget about him and wait until I meet my knight. I'll continue sifting through the frogs, the toads, the dwarfs, and the dragons, and continue being insanely jealous of my deliriously happy pregnant best friend and her perfect dream guy. I've resigned myself to the fact that listening to their hot and horny loud sex through my bedroom wall is the closest I'll get to any action.

It must be my turn next. It has to be. Maybe it's time to be more proactive. Go looking for him instead of waiting for him to come to me.

That's it.

Operation Prince Charming is officially underway.

ZANDER

Four months earlier

"So, Mr. Roberts, why do you want to train to become an officer in the Chicago Police Department?"

I clear my throat and take a moment to think about the question. Nope, don't need to think about this one; it's a no-brainer.

"Well, sir, I've had to look out for my mother and younger sisters for most of my life. When my father passed away, I was the only boy and the eldest, I felt I had to stand up and become the man of the house. I have a very protective nature, and I wish to serve this fine city that I'm proud to call home.

"The catalyst for applying now is that a few weeks ago I was fortunate enough to be in the right place at the right time, and I was able to save a friend of mine from what was sure to have become a sexual assault, or possibly worse. It made me realize that the situation could have escalated so easily, and I was both glad and proud that I could be there to protect her. It confirmed that this is what I want to do with my life. I want to protect and serve, and nothing would make me prouder than to do that as a member of the CPD."

"Mr. Roberts, you are exactly the type of man the CPD recruits. I can't give you an official answer today, but I am confident that you will make a great addition to the next induction of rookies. The official documentation will be sent out within the next two weeks. Once you have received word of your successful application, be sure to contact us for training details." The recruiter stands up and walks around his desk, holding out his hand to me. I put my hand in his to shake it.

"I wish you the best of luck, Mr. Roberts, but something tells me you're not going to need it. You're going to be a fine asset to this city and the department."

"Thank you so much. You've just made me a very happy man."

Chapter 1: "Collide"

ZANDER

"Take it off! Take if off!" I hear the women chant. I'm gyrating my hips just inches away from a bride-to-be's blindfolded face, my hands on top of hers as they grip my butt, trying to pull me closer. This bride is so drunk that I'm surprised she's still standing. They were doing tequila shots when I arrived, and the champagne has continued to flow the entire time I've been here. I've done my normal tricks; the pizza delivery boy routine is a firm favorite. The client, usually a friend of the recipient, answers the door, and I pretend to be delivering a pizza to the wrong house. By the time I'm dragged into the living room, the women are pumped up and begging to see some skin. The music is switched on, and my routine begins. Sexyback by Justin Timberlake is always a good starter. By the time I'm ripping my pants off, and honing in on the bride to be, my ears are ringing from the hollering and screaming out. Let me tell you, you may think guys can be crude and vulgar, but holy heck, some of the things I've had yelled at me in the middle of a routine would make Hugh Hefner blush.

Getting turned on isn't a problem. Cracking a stiffy in a room of women is not my idea of fun, so I always whack one off before a gig to avoid the chance of a surprise erection. It was part of Stripping 101 that my manager taught me. Take care of yourself beforehand so that you lessen the chance of poking anyone's eye out.

You'd think I'd be a pro at this stripping thing by now, especially since I've been doing it for the past year, but I still get nervous as all hell beforehand. I can never anticipate how a crowd is going to react, how handsy they're going to get, or whether I'll get out of there alive and with my thong intact. Believe me, I've learned to carry a spare set of clothes in my car.

I'm only stripping on the weekends now, just enough to cover the rent and bills. I'm at the Chicago PD Academy five days a week, training to become an officer. I've always wanted a career, but after four years at college and no end in sight, I dropped out and tried joining the workforce. Four weeks later, and with no job on the horizon, I answered an ad in the newspaper for a male entertainer.

Imagine if you will, having to strip down to your underwear and shake your ass in front of a group of drunken ladies who think that because they've paid for you to dance for them, they can touch you in places that would otherwise be frowned upon in public. My balls are fondled nightly which I know sounds like a guy's wet dream, but I've actually had a work related injury caused by a forty year old lady, her fake fingernails, and a fondle and twist gone wrong. My balls were black and blue for a week after that.

Another Friday night and I've just finished my second bachelorette party for the night. I've called in to 42nd Street bar on my way home to catch up with my roommate Zach who tends bar there on the weekends. A cold Bud after a gig is the perfect way to wind down, and this particular brew is going down very well tonight. Usually, I'd be all up for burying myself balls deep inside a willing female, but since my friend Mac met her boyfriend, I haven't felt like going out on the prowl. It's not as if I'm heartbroken; Mac and I were friends who just happened to go off in the sack together. And don't get me wrong, it's not like I don't get my fair share of phone numbers and offers from clients, but I have a rule about that. You don't screw on the job. No clients, no friends of clients, and no female colleagues. The only exception to that rule was Mac, but the chemistry between us was scorching. I mean, we could barely control ourselves when we first met. I banged her up against the side of her friend's house half an hour after meeting her.

It was so f**king hot.

A few months ago, I thought that something might happen with her best friend Kate. Having saved her from a drunken ass**le who wouldn't take no for an answer, and getting her home safely, she kissed me with those perfect plump lips of hers, and it took all of my self-restraint to stop it from going further, but I didn't want her to regret it in the morning even though I know I wouldn't have regretted a damn thing about being with her.

Kate. My fantasy girl personified. From her fiery red hair to her five foot nothing body with curves for miles. She's a good girl; a take home to mom kind of girl. Definitely not a one night stand type of girl who you'd subject to the walk of shame the next morning. Unfortunately, there is also the whole sloppy seconds issue which doesn't bother me one bit, but I know it would bother her.

She'd be a good friend though, and I don't have many female friends. Mainly because women only seem to want me on their arm, making them look good, but as soon as I catch on to that fact, I'm out the door. I work hard to stay in shape; I have to keep up with it to stay stripping, but that doesn't make me a juice head. Not only does a woman have to like me as a person and not just arm candy, she needs to be as adventurous as I am, in and out of the bedroom. I have this thing for sex in public places. The thrill of getting caught with my pants down, and the excitement of someone possibly watching seems to get me harder than nothing else. Having someone as equally into exhibitionism as I am would be a sure fire winner in my book.

What I really need is a good girl with a naughty side; a girl who I can take home to mom and who I can introduce to my baby sisters, but who is also a firecracker behind closed doors. A girl who has the perfect mix of sugar and spice. THAT would be my perfect girl.

About three weeks ago, Zach and I got drunk one night after work. We pulled out his laptop and started surfing the net. It was going well, lots of laughs over viral videos of idiots doing stupid shit until Zach saw an ad for Chicago Singles. It was all downhill from there.

"Dude, you got to do it! I know, I dare you to go on Chicago Singles for a month and go out on at least one blind date," Zach slurred before cracking up laughing like he'd just said the funniest thing ever.

"Fuck that. Do you know what kind of girls are on that? Cougars who are looking for arm candy, or ugly broads who can't get a man any other way. It's desperate, dude. No. Fucking. Way."

"I'll make it interesting for you," he'd said, and it was suddenly a done deal. Two months free rent if I completed the dare. If I didn't, I'd have to work one shift a week at the bar for Zach for a whole month.

I'm just downing the last of my bottle when I see a flash of red hair out of the corner of my eye. Turning my head, my eyes follow the short redhead to a booth where she sits down with a man who looks old enough to be her father, let alone her date. She turns her face toward the bar and her bright blue eyes widen when she sees me. My smile disappears when I see her shake her head at me before looking back toward her dad...I mean, date.

I turn back to the bar and hold my arm up to signal Zach to bring me another beer. A quick nod, a flick of his wrist and another ice-cold bottle of Bud is sliding along the bar toward me. Spinning around on my stool, I lean back against the bar and set myself up to watch the show that Kate and her dad date are about to provide.

Before she sits down, she removes her black cropped jacket and exposes her porcelain skinned shoulders. She sits up higher in her chair when she sees me staring at her, pushing her shoulders back in a defiant pose, and making it obvious that she's trying hard not to let my presence affect her. I love the fact that I'm getting to her. I don't know why, but I like seeing her being as affected by me as I am. I'm about to get up to go say a friendly hello and make this night a hell of a lot more interesting when Zach comes around the bar and sits next to me.

"How was your gig, bro?" he asks, taking a drink of his own beer.

"Same old story. Mother-in-law to be had too much wine and went all grabby hands on me. Managed to escape with my junk uninjured and intact." I smile, but don't take my eyes off Kate.

Beautiful, feisty Kate looks hot as hell right now. She's wearing a bright red dress with a plunging v neckline which dips halfway down her stomach, giving every man in the room an awesome view of her cle**age. And God, those tits look like they'd be the perfect handful. I can just imagine pushing my hard body against hers and wrapping my arms around her, cupping them as she leans back into me. Then spinning her around and taking her rose red ni**les into my mouth as she moans sexily. Holy shit, down boy! I only hope that dress of hers is stuck to her like glue or else she's going to give her sugar daddy a heart attack. If that's the plan, someone needs to tell her that you're supposed to wait until after the wedding for that.

"Bro, you're being obvious," Zach says, bumping my shoulder.

"I know, and she knows I'm looking." I look over at him and wink.

"She's with a date, man. That's not your usual style." I frown when I realize he's right, I don't go after the unavailable or unattainable, but Kate...well, I'm not sure what she is. Definitely not unavailable; that night a few months ago proved that. Unattainable? To me, she's a perfect ten. I'd definitely be punching above my weight with her. I'd be the one walking around like a cocky S.O.B if Kate were mine.

"I know that, but look at him. He's old enough to be her dad. It's like watching a train wreck about to happen." I chuckle as she looks at me again and starts blushing. Even from across the bar, there is no mistaking the redness creeping up her cheeks. It's cute as all hell, and my mind wanders, imagining other situations where I could make her blush.

My c**k starts to harden as I blatantly check her out. The dress gathers at her waist before falling into a short, fitted skirt, leaving plenty of flawless skin exposed as my gaze travels down to the sexiest pair of black heels I have ever seen. God, if I were half-mast before, I'm full speed ahead now with images of Kate spread out in front of me, her red hair fanned across my pillow, and wearing nothing but those heels and a sultry smile.

"Zan, you either need to get laid, or go home. Or both. Seriously, getting a boner in the middle of a bar while staring at a total stranger is not a good look" he says with a chuckle.

I groan, turning around to save myself from the torture that is my new favorite redhead's disaster date.

"You're telling me." I down the rest of my beer before standing up from the stool. "Might be best if I leave you to it. See you at home then?"

"Should do, unless I get a better offer of course," he adds with a wink. That man is never short of offers.

"All good. Keep an eye on her for me," I ask, tilting my head toward Kate.

"Sure. So you already know her?"

"Yeah, Mac's best friend."

"Ah, I see. She the one you told me about?" Zach asks, shooting a glance in Kate's direction.

"Yeah, man. That's her."

"Damn. And you're sure you aren't gonna go there? From where I'm standing, she's smoking hot, and you're more than well aware of that fact."

"She was drunk. She's not the type of girl to have a one night stand," I explain.

"All good then. I'll watch out for her. Hell, she's so hot I'd watch her anyway."

I growl under my breath, earning a chuckle from Zach. "Thanks. Be good, or if you can't be good, be as bad as I am." I pat him on the back as I take one last look at Kate before shaking my head and walking out the door.

I must text Mac and find out what the deal is with Kate. She doesn't come across as the type of woman who's looking for a sugar daddy, which makes her date even more of a crack up. And she definitely noticed me; that blush all but gave her away.

As I walk out the door into the warm night air, I find myself wanting to find out more about the enigma who is Kate McGuinness. And I'd also give anything to see her in those heels again, preferably naked.

KATE

I knew coming to 42nd Street Bar would be a mistake.

Roger had seemed nice enough on his profile, and the messages we'd exchanged were interesting enough, but the moment I'd met him outside and realized that he was at least ten years older than he said, I knew this would be yet another Kate dating disaster.

I'm starting to think I need to write a book about how not to date in Chicago. Seriously, I like to think I'm a pretty good judge of character, but lately my judgment has been seriously impaired. Scratch that, seriously off f**king kilter.

Mac and Daniel acting like a pair of loved up teenagers has made yearning for my own happily ever after increase tenfold, so last week I took the plunge and decided to sign up to an internet dating website. In fact, when I'd told Mac about it one lazy Sunday afternoon, she was so on board with it that she'd grabbed my laptop and we sat on the couch together, writing and rewriting my dating profile.

First, the "Tell us about yourself" section.

My name is Kate, and I'm a 24 year old hairdresser born and bred in Chicago.

I'm looking for my happily ever after, and after searching the kingdom far and wide, I've decided to give internet dating a shot.

I'm a 5 ft. 1 natural redhead with great style and a wicked sense of humor. I like to socialize and meet new people, and I'm always up for new experiences.

I'm looking for a man between 23-30 years of age with a great job, strong family ties, and who likes to have fun and try new things like me.

No photo, No reply.

Then we'd needed to upload a photo. After searching through all of my social media accounts, Mac and I had finally agreed on a photo taken of me a few months ago showing my profile from the back, with my hair blown out in a 50's pin up girl style. My face was hidden in the photo which is what I'd wanted. I'd be mortified if anyone recognized me on the site.

Internet dating is still a social no-man's-land, but it's more acceptable these days, no longer seen as a last ditch attempt to find somebody, anybody to love you. I see it as a new and different way to meet people who you may not have otherwise come into contact with. Your lives may not have been destined to cross paths, so it's almost a way of bypassing destiny and taking a chance.

And that's what this is for me, taking a chance at finding my Mr. Perfect. There is someone for everyone, and I'm anxious to find mine. Not because I'm getting old or anything, God, I'm only twenty-four. It's more about feeling left out, or worse still, feeling like the third wheel with Mac and Daniel. I need my partner, my other half. I know he's out there somewhere. He has to be.

My mother is frequently reminding me that I need a man to take care of me. "A worthwhile man who treats you like the princess you are." I kind of wish I hadn't had the whole 'happily ever after' idea drilled into me from a young age. All the stories are the same; the knight in shining armor sweeps the princess off her feet and they ride off into the sunset. My brothers did it with their wives, and my father did it with my mom. That leaves me as the only single person left in my family.

So back to my dating profile, I'd needed to choose a username. Something non personal, not easily identifiable, and of course, something to garner attention....well, the type of attention I'm looking for. Mac had grabbed the laptop from me and giggled as she entered a name and pushed submit before I could even say yes or no.

With a huge gulp of my wine, I'd looked at my profile and choked as I saw my name.

But sure enough, within minutes I'd had my first 'kiss' from an anonymous admirer.

An hour later, I'd received four photos of various erect and multi-sized cocks. After giggling like middle schoolers in sex education class, I'd updated my profile.

P.S. No c**k pictures or requests for naked photos from me. I'm sure you're more than happy with your penis and are excited to show it around to strangers, but I'm looking for a person who doesn't just think with their trouser snake, pork sword, or purple-headed womb ferret. Thanks all the same.

When Daniel arrived with three pizzas under his arm, Mac had taken great pleasure in pulling him over to the computer and showing him our achievement for the day. Shaking his head, he'd quietly chuckled before turning serious. "Just be careful, and make sure we know where you are and who you're with."

I like Daniel. He's like my new big brother, and he's made Mac the happiest I've ever seen her in our whole fifteen-year friendship.

Okay, back to my current date with Roger.

When we meet, he sheepishly apologizes for lying about his age, explaining that he didn't think I'd give him a chance if I knew he was twenty years older than me. Too f**king right I wouldn't have! But because we are both here now anyway, I agree to have a quick drink with him.

What a mistake that is!

Once we get inside and find a table, he sits down opposite me, not stopping to pull out my chair, or offering to take my coat when I slip it off. Then he proceeds to order a glass of cider. Freaking cider! Unfortunately that wasn't my first sign that this date is going to be a one-time deal.

Then, with a niggling feeling I'm being watched, I scan the room to find a set of familiar dark blue eyes staring at me. Knowing that I'm looking good, and not wanting to show how embarrassed I am, I push my shoulders back and keep my attention on my date, and not on the sexy, brooding, simply perfect specimen of a man across the bar who won't take his eyes off me.

But as much as I try, I can't concentrate. Five minutes of listening to Roger tell me about himself and I know that this date is a lost cause.

What I've found out about the aging Roger is that not only is he old enough to be my father, he's also an accountant who works for City Hall, a job he's had since he left college in the 80's. He's also never been out of the country, still lives down the road from his parents, and likes to play chess in his spare time. He's never had a speeding ticket, never been arrested, and his hair looks like a toupee on crack. I'm a hairdresser, so I always check out people's hair, and this monstrosity on his head...he's swished it to the left side of his face, and has so much product in it...I'm scared to strike a match near him for fear of setting him alight.

When he starts to discuss the merits of chess with me, I decide to chance a look toward Zander, my cheeks flaming as he catches me looking at him. Damn, he's looking hot. He's wearing a pair of black slacks that hug him in all the right places, and a white wife beater underneath an open dark blue dress shirt that makes his eyes look like the bluest of oceans that you just want to dive naked into.

I haven't seen or talked to him since the night I was drunk and tried to seduce him. He'd saved me from a guy I'd been dancing with in this very bar. The guy started to come on very strong, very quickly, and when he wouldn't take no for an answer, getting forceful with his hand pushing under my skirt, Zander stepped in, punched him in the face, then grabbed my hand and pulled me out of the bar.

As soon as he'd hailed a cab and ushered me inside, he gave the driver my address and wrapped his arms around me as I cried into his shirt. My body shook violently as the reality of the moment suddenly hit home. He'd rubbed his hand up and down my arm, kissing my head and murmuring words that to this day I can't remember, but I do know he calmed me down and made me feel safe. It was exactly what I'd needed in that moment, a moment that has forever been etched into my brain.

But me, being drunk, stupid, and totally enamored with my knight in shining armor, pushed my luck as soon as we were inside my apartment and went to kiss him. He'd met my lips with enthusiasm, and the kiss was like one of those that you read about in romance novels. Our tongues tangled together, and our lips meshed as if we were made for each other. Fireworks were exploding around us, the world stopped, and it felt like all of my dreams had come true in that one kiss. But when I pulled back and asked him if he wanted to spend the night with me, he froze. He'd stared at me for what seemed like forever before shaking his head and leading me down the hallway to find my bedroom, telling me to get into bed. He'd returned with a large glass of water and two Advil, kissed me goodbye on the forehead, then turned to leave before I could conjure up a response. Minutes later, I'd blacked out.

Tonight is the first time I've seen him since that night, and as the memory of my embarrassing behavior comes flooding back to me, I have to look away as a blush takes over my face. It's still just as mortifying now as it was the morning after. I haven't even told Mac about what happened. That was the night she freaked out and ended up at Daniel's apartment before running out on him again in the middle of the night.

"Ah, Kate, I think I better go. It's getting close to 10 p.m., and I need to get home to feed my cat, Mr. Buttons."

And there it is. The final nail in the date's coffin.

"Absolutely Roger, thanks for having a drink with me. I'll be okay getting home, you just worry about getting home to Mr. Buttons," I say, masking the huge relief I'm feeling at not having to explain how I won't be seeing Roger the Accountant again.

He stands up and takes a step toward me, holding his hand out to shake it. Who the hell shakes their date's hand?

"Have a good night, Roger. I've just got to go to the ladies. See you around."

I shake his hand awkwardly before standing up and walking toward the bar, stopping when I realize that Zander is no longer at the bar.

I catch the eye of the barman. "Hi. Sorry, but is the man who was sitting here still around?"

"Nope," he says with a sly grin. "But since I live with the guy, I'm sure I can pass on a message for you."

"Oh shit. Um...no. Don't do that. Thanks anyway," I reply, flustered as I rush out the door and jump into the first cab I find.

Shit! Now Zander will know I asked about him, god knows what he'll make of that. Looks like my Friday night is a total disaster all round.

Chapter 2: "Girlfriend"

KATE

I come home to an empty house and a note from Mac saying that she's spending the weekend at Daniel's apartment but to call if I need her.

I grab my phone as I'm kicking my gorgeous black heels off my feet, stepping into my plush pink slippers that make me feel like I'm walking on clouds.

Kate: You better be having a better night than me. Boring Roger the accountant who likes to play chess, was a bust. Date from hell #1 out of the way.

Mac: Aww hon, sorry you had a bad night. If I was there, I'd put a Channing Tatum movie on and eat ice-cream with you while you finish off that bottle of white in the fridge.

Kate: You know me so well! Give Superman a hug from me, and tell him he'd better be looking after my girl and little superhero.

Mac: He has. Twice, in fact ;)

Kate: Enough you horny bitch! See you tomorrow.

Proving that my best friend knows me oh so well, I grab a wine glass and the half empty bottle of pinot that's in my fridge, and pad my way across to the couch, curling myself up into the corner and murmuring sighs of contentment as the first mouthful makes it's way down my throat.

Letting out a huge sigh, I realize that I'm spending another night sitting at home by myself at...yep 10 p.m., and drowning my sorrows about the sorry state of my love life. Granted, Roger was just my first online date, but if he's anything to go by, I should be running for the hills. Or the nearest convent. If I wasn't so determined to give it a real shot, I'd be closing up shop now, resigning myself to a single life with lots of cats, and being aunty to Mac and Daniel's kids.

But that's definitely not what I want, and I'm determined, so I grab the laptop off the coffee table in front of me and boot it up, bringing up the Chicago Singles website and logging in. I see a reminder that my date with Roger has come and gone. How insightful, little website. Can you also tell when the date is full of shit and boring as hell? Because that could have saved me a hell of a lot of effort!

I check to see whether Boring Roger has rated our date yet, and almost spit out my mouthful of wine when I see he rated it four out of five hearts. What the f**k! He must be more deluded than I thought. That date was as dull as dishwater. The only thing exciting about it was my brief encounter with Zander across the bar. And as embarrassing as that was, he still managed to get a way hotter response from my body than Roger could ever achieve.

Dammit. Why did Zander have to be such a gentleman? For one night, he had the chance to just be a normal guy and think with his dick. Why couldn't he have just taken me up on my offer and given me one night of mind-blowing, life-changing sex? It would have been amazing...the way he moves his body, the way he carries himself...god, just the way he looks at you. It all screams he's a guy who knows what he's doing between the sheets. He didn't want me to regret him in the morning, but one look at that man, and that is a whole world of regret worth having. Over and over again. Multiple orgasms worth of pain right there.

I focus back on the rate your date screen in front of me and decide that if I'm going to give this internet dating thing a real shot, it's best to start it honestly. I'm not going to lie about my date with Boring Roger. He may have rated me four out of five hearts, but I think he may be delusional.

Downing the rest of my glass of wine for confidence, I click the mouse and rate my date zero out of five hearts. My reasoning? I'm not doing my fellow female daters any favors by lying about Roger's dating prowess. If that makes me a bitch, so be it. At least I'm an honest bitch.

I wake up to the smell of bacon wafting through my apartment. In my sleepy haze, I have a mini freak out. Did last night go differently? Oh god, please tell me I didn't drag Boring Roger home with me. "Mac?" I call out.

"Yeah, it's only me. I've made breakfast," she answers as I breathe a huge sigh of relief. My head feels slightly unhappy with me. With a drink at the bar, and half a bottle of wine on an empty stomach when I got home, it's no wonder really.

I roll out of bed and sleepily stumble into my bathroom to do my morning business before grabbing my robe and Playboy bunny slippers and heading out into the kitchen.

"Morning, Sleeping Beauty," my best friend greets me as I slump down onto a bar stool next to the kitchen counter. I murmur appreciation as she slides a steaming hot cup of coffee under my nose.

"Thanks. What are you doing here?" I ask, lifting my head long enough to look up at her.

She leans back against the counter and rubs her growing belly. "Our little superhero here decided it was time to wake Mommy up, and since I might have worn Daddy out last night, I thought I'd come home and make you breakfast. Sounded like you might've needed me after your dud date, and I wasn't here. I'm so sorry."

"Mac, you have a life other than me. Daniel and the mini-you are your life now. I love you to death for thinking of me, though."

"I may be with Daniel, but you're my best friend. I'm still here for you. I hope you know that."

"Yes, I do. Now where's my bacon? I'm not above stealing bacon from a pregnant woman, you know!"

"You just try, buddy. Never come between me and my food when I'm eating for two, and never my bacon."

"You sure it's not three?" I say, giggling and ducking as a kitchen utensil goes whizzing past my head.

"Take it back," she says, one hand on her hip, the other holding a spatula pointed at me.

"Never." I swear to god, the grin on my face cannot get any bigger. I love this, the two of us laughing and joking around. It's just not the same anymore. Not that I wish Mac hadn't met Daniel because that man is perfect for her; no man was better suited for Mac than her Superman. But I know that she's going to be moving out soon. It's inevitable. They're having a baby. They'll be starting their new family, and I know that Daniel wants them together. It's not like Daniel's apartment is that far; she'll only be a two-block walk away.

Then it hits me. Mac must have come over this morning because she felt guilty.

"Mac, I love you to death, but you can't keep running to me when you think I might need you. I have a phone. You could've just called me," I try explaining to her.

"I know, but I wasn't here for you last night when you got home. So was the date really that bad?"

"Beyond bad. Think awkward junior prom date bad, minus the pimples and nerdy glasses, and more old man smell with a side of Mr. Buttons, his expectant cat."

"Oh God!" she giggles, placing a plate of bacon, eggs and hash browns in front of me.

"Yeah. I saw Zander there too, at the bar. He was talking to that cute barman."

"Yeah, that's Zach, his roommate."

"Oh... OH!" I say, shocked at the realization that Zander will definitely know I asked about him now.

"What? Did Zander say something?" she asks, her interest piqued.

"No, no. I only saw him briefly, so I didn't get to speak to him or anything."

She pauses, a slight smirk showing on her face as if she knows something I don't.

"What? I know that look, Mac. What are you not telling me?"

"Nothing. Just seems like there's something between you two, that's all."

"I've told you, no! Never gonna happen. He's had his lightsaber up your who-see-what's-it."

"All good then." She grins. "Eat up. I didn't make you breakfast for it to go cold, and I have Daniel's credit card burning a hole in my pocket and baby clothes to be buying."

"Yes, Mom!" I say through a mouthful of food.

"And don't talk with your mouthful," she adds with a smirk.

She's acting more and more like a mom every day.

And I couldn't be happier.

Chapter 3: "Everything Has Changed"

ZANDER

After another week of training at the academy, working out at the gym and even managing to help Zach out with a shift at the bar, I'm home on a Friday night, having just finished my one gig for the evening. I managed to escape with just a few nail scratches on my back and butt. It may be a job, one that keeps me fed, clothed and the rent paid, but the excitement is kind of gone from it now.

I admit, when I started stripping over a year ago, there was a thrill to it. I've always loved music and I've never shied away from hitting the dancefloor and ripping it up. So mixing dancing with music, hot horny women, and a pair of tight shorts, didn't seem like such a hard task. Now, I'm counting down the months until I graduate from the academy and can kiss the stripping goodbye.

I grab a beer from the fridge, sit down on my bed with my laptop, and log into Chicago Singles, resuming my search through single and available ladies under twenty-five. Let me tell you, there are a LOT of women looking for men in Chicago. You'd think that it would be the guys having trouble finding potential mates but no, I'm confronted with pages upon pages of single women trying to capture my attention.

After half an hour of searching and not finding anyone who remotely piques my interest, I decide to change tactics and look for a friendly face, someone who I can take out for a coffee, chat for a little bit, and fulfill my dare with Zach. I expand my age range, searching up to under forty, and pretty much leave it up to chance. For two months' free rent, I'll have coffee with just about anyone.

I spoke too soon.

It's now Saturday lunch time and I'm sitting across from Brandi. Two months free rent is a lot of money to me, and means I can quit stripping earlier than graduation if I want to. That's a big deal to me, so having to endure one date to win Zach's stupid bet...well, why the hell not?

The problem is that Brandi is a thirty-seven year old divorcee who recently underwent a full body transformation, something she has spent the last half hour explaining to me in great detail. After her divorce, when her husband left her for his twenty year old secretary, she decided to try and show him what he was missing. Tits, face lift, and a tummy tuck. She's even offered to show me her scars...ALL of them. She's nice enough, and when we chatted last night she seemed sweet and harmless, an easy way to beat Zach. But God, was I wrong. I've had to pretty much pull her off my lap twice, and this is in a friendly neighborhood cafe. You'd expect this kind of behavior in a bar late on a Saturday night. Hell, there are kids watching in here.

When I move her hand off my junk for the third time, I know I have to call it quits.

"Sorry, Brandi, but I don't think this is going to work," I say firmly as I made to stand up.

"But Zander," she purred, "why don't we take this to the hotel across the street. I have a hotel room waiting for us. I've checked in and everything."

Holy shit. This woman isn't just a cougar, she's bordering on being a hyena, willing to take prey at any costs.

"Thanks, but I've, uh, I've gotta go. Bye."

I left that cafe so f**king fast, people probably wondered where the fire was.

Walking home after escaping Brandi's clutches, my mind drifts back to Kate. All week I've had a nagging feeling about her date last weekend. Something just didn't seem right about the two of them together. He isn't the type of guy I would ever picture Kate with and now, after my disaster date today, I have a hunch.

She looked so uncomfortable...I'd bet money on it being a blind date, and her date lying to her about

a) his age

and

b) his personality.

I could tell she wasn't feeling it, or him. She was so stiff, nothing like the Kate I've seen before. I also noticed her looking my way a few times...everything points to Miss Kate trying out internet dating.

I send Mac a text knowing that whatever Kate was up to, Mac would likely know.

Zander: Mac, is Kate dating old guys now?

Mac: Um, what?!? Of course not. She never goes for older than 30. Why's that?

Zander: Saw her at 42nd St Bar with a guy well into his 40s

Mac: OMG. It was a blind date, off the internet. He must've lied on his profile.

Zander: What site?

Mac: Why???

Zander: Just curious.

Mac: Curious or interested?

Zander: Does it matter which one?

Mac: Chicago Singles Online. Tread lightly with her, okay? But if you're interested in her, let her know.

Zander: Stop matchmaking, Mac. Talk to you soon.

Ten minutes into my search, I'm about ready to whack myself around the head when I come across a gorgeous photo showing the back silhouette of a small, beautifully shaped woman with wavy fire engine red hair that curled around her bra line. Even without seeing her face, this woman's body was that of a wartime pinup girl. The hair, the curves, the small, demure posture of this woman blew my mind. She was stunning, a picture of beauty and grace. Everything I like in a woman wrapped up in one perfect pocket-rocket sized package. It was Kate. Clicking open her profile page confirmed it, from the sea blue eyes, her five foot nothing height, right down to the smart ass comment about not needing to see any more c**k pictures.

I can't stop myself from messaging her. I decide to send a short, friendly ice breaker. I won't tell her it's me straight away though. I want her to give me a chance just to chat for a while. I want to get to know her, and this may be my only way to do that given the way she acted toward me in the bar. It's not deception, and it's not lying. It's simply omitting the truth about who I am until I can be sure that she'll give me a chance. That's what I'm telling myself anyway.

For friendship? For more? I'm not sure.

There's been more than one night that I've found myself lying in bed thinking of her. And tonight, seeing that photo of her on the net blew my mind and redirected most of my blood flow south; I just can't get her out of my head. It's those curves that frame her gorgeous body, and the silhouette of her br**sts that I'm dying to touch.

Taking matters into my own hands, I grip my c**k firmly and stroke it up and down, over and over. My hand gliding over my soft skin, wishing I was gliding inside of Kate's hot body. I come hard, imagining her vulnerable ice blue eyes staring up from underneath me as I'm burying my c**k deep inside her. Damn, I hope she gives me a second chance, another opportunity to get to know her. I need a woman like Kate in my life.

Kate probably thinks I'm out of bounds for her, and let's not forget that I've already stupidly turned her down once. Men are different from women. We don't have a problem sleeping with a woman who one of the guys has already been with before, as long as it's not an ex-girlfriend. No problem whatsoever. Pussy is pu**y, and as long as protection is used, then no harm done. But Kate could never just be pu**y; seeing her tonight reminded me of that. Ever since the first night I saw her I knew she was a forever kind of girl, one that deserved a lifetime of love, protection and hot sex. Back then I wasn't in a position to offer love and protection. Now, I might be.

I don't regret turning her down when she propositioned me that night. I don't want to be a regret, a drunken mistake. If I take Kate to bed, it won't be a drunken one night stand. I'll make it so damn memorable, she won't be able to get me out of her head for days, weeks even. That, and you can bet your bottom dollar we won't be walking straight in the morning.

The few times I've seen Kate, she has always seemed shy, especially when Mac left us at the bar. Yet, from what I've heard from Mac, she's a real spit fire. Feisty, funny, and very protective of her friends. So why has she always been so different around me?

I grew up in a house full of women. I know that girls are different to guys when it comes to dating and sex. There are unspoken rules. My sisters have explained this to me many a time. You never go with a guy that has:

a) been with your sister

b) been with one of your friends

or

c) that has a reputation as a love 'em and leave 'em type.

The sister and the friend rules are concrete. They tell me it's the girl code. Having a conversation like that with my twenty-one and eighteen year old sisters was awkward, especially when it makes me sick to think of a guy even touching them, but it has given me some perspective on the female brain.

So with that in mind, I'm going to keep talking to Kate on the internet. I want to get to know her, and for her to get to know me without any awkwardness. Kate is different, and maybe different is what I need, what I want now.

Fuck, I've spent so much time around women, I'm starting to f**king sound like one.

I get to sleep in since it's Sunday, and my only day off work and training. I saunter out into the living room around ten a.m. to find Zach lying on the sofa watching a football replay from last week. "Hey, early start or late finish?" I ask as I head for the kitchen and pour a cup of coffee.

"Early finish, early rise. Your little spit fire was at the bar again last night."

"With a date?"

"Nah, with Mac and her man, and another guy who seemed to be the life of the party but definitely wasn't her date. He kept giving me the glad eye all night," he replies, shrugging his shoulders.

"Hmm. I texted Mac last night too."

"Dude, she's pregnant with that guy's kid. Let it go."

"Fuck off, I know that. I texted to find out if Kate's on Chicago Singles."

"That would explain that dad date last week."

"That's my thought as well."

"So you like her then?" he asks, raising a brow.

"I've only seen her a couple of times, but she's intriguing to say the least."

"I wouldn't say no to her," he says absentmindedly, not looking away from the television.

I can't hold back the growl in my throat. "She's into commitment and relationships, Zach. You know, the two words that repel you like garlic to a vampire."

"Really? Well, dammit. There goes that fantasy then."

"I should hope so. Kate's different. That's why I haven't gone there...yet," I try to explain.

"Why not? She's hot and has a killer body. Man, those heels she was wearing last night would feel so f**king good digging into your ass as you pound-"

"Dude. Don't be thinking about her like that. Period. End of story."

"Chill Zan, message received loud and clear. Since you're so defensive about this, maybe you should ask her out. God knows that date of hers last week was a disaster. The guy ordered cider for crying out loud, in the middle of winter, and he looked like he was old enough to be her father." Zach continues to watch the football, yelling at the TV when his team loses possession. "Fuck, did you see this game? They just can't catch a break!"

I nod my head, but my mind is elsewhere. Taking a seat at the dining table, I can't help but wonder what the deal is with Kate. She should have no trouble finding a man and settling down. Maybe she's too picky...or too clingy. Guys never want clingy chicks.

I lean over the couch right next to Zach's head. "By the way dude, I got my junk groped in front of children in a cafe yesterday just to win your dare. Mission completed. Free rent here I come," I say before knocking his cap off his head.

"Fuck," I hear him say under his breath as I walk out of the living room with a smile.

Realizing that the day is getting away from me, I gather my laundry for the week and head around the block to Suds R Us, my local laundromat. Once I have the washing machine on, I sit back in the plastic chairs lining the wall and pull out my phone. Time for my weekly phone call to Mom and the girls.

It rings twice before my sister Danika picks up. "City morgue. You kill 'em, we chill 'em."

She never fails to amaze me. "Danika, that is terrible!" I say, still chuckling to myself.

"Zan! Tell me you're coming home soon."

"I wish I was, squirt. I'm too busy with work and the academy. Who would've thought you'd have to study to become a cop?"

"Well, duh! Of course you do. How else will you know how to get fat and eat donuts all day?"

"Oh is that what I'll be doing all day? Well, shit. I'm glad you told me now," I reply sarcastically.

Danika is fourteen going on twenty-five. I swear to God, that girl is way too clever. She's already a year ahead in school and doesn't seem to be slowing down at all. Hell, she was walking at nine months old and hasn't stopped running since. After me, there is Zoe who is twenty-one, and Mia who is eighteen. They all still live at home with mom in Syracuse, Indiana. They moved from Chicago a few years ago when Mom got laid off and found a job working in an RV Factory. It meant they had to move out of state, but they're still close enough that I can visit them every few months.

I'm very protective of my family. My father was a deadbeat dad who was always out of work or drunk, usually both. When I was thirteen, he died from liver failure. It was quick, it was traumatic, and my mother has never even dated another man since then.

I've tried to take care of them ever since; being the eldest, and only male in a group of girls, it was something I felt I had to do, so I grew up fast. I still send money to Mom when I have a particularly busy week dancing. Of course, she doesn't know how I make my money; she thinks I work at the bar with Zach. I think she'd be shocked, and maybe a little disappointed with how I make a living, but I do know that she was over the moon when I was accepted into the police academy. She still tells anyone who will listen that I'm training to be a cop. Just being able to make her proud is worth everything to me.

Zoe knows that I dance. Unfortunate as it was, she happened to arrive late to a gig I'd just finished. Talk about awkward. She screamed when she recognized me, and I got stage fright, literally. I could. not. move. I grabbed her and we left straight afterwards, going to a twenty-four hour diner a few blocks from here to talk it out. She now understands why I strip, and we always make sure I'm not working any gig that she might be invited to.

"Dani, put Mom on, will ya?"

"Moooooooooooooooooommmmmmmmmmmmmm!"she yells down the phone.

"Hello?" my mom says when she reaches the phone.

"Hey, Mom. Just calling to check in with my favorite girls"

"Oh, Zander. You're always thinking of me and your sisters, but you don't need to worry, we're fine. Work is going well, the new house is perfect, and Mia and Danika are fitting in well at school."

"And Zoe?"

"Well, you know Zoe, one bad boy after another. She's currently dating a tattoo artist from Brownsburg. I wish she'd find a nice boy for once, someone more like you, but she'll learn one day. And what about you, my boy? How's training going?" she asks.

"I'm good. Training is good. The physical side of it is okay, I'm fine with that, but it's all the stuff I have to learn and remember that is hard. Couldn't ask for a better job though."

"Glad to hear that, Zan. And what about dating? Have you met a nice girl yet? Maybe a country girl who'll cook good meals and look after you. You deserve to be looked after, Zander."

"You know I don't have time to date, Mom, but there is one girl that I want to get to know better. She intrigues me and I can't seem to get her out of my head."

"Well, that just means that there might be something there. You need to talk to her."

"She's kind of avoiding me. She's embarrassed about something that happened between us even though she shouldn't be."

"You need to talk to her. Tell her not to be embarrassed, then you need to woo her, Zander. If you like her, you need to woo. Women like to be listened to, you know that from living with me and your three sisters, so you listen, you ask questions, and you woo. Understand, son?"

How do mothers always know the right answer to any of life's questions? I remember asking her once, 'how do you know that, Mommy?' and without missing a beat, she turned to me and said, "It's because I passed the mommy test."

I smile. "Yes, Mom. I might try that out." I hear the dryer beep. "Okay, Mom, I have to get going. I'll ring you next week, alright?"

"Of course, son. Love you. And remember to ask, listen, then woo."

"Yes, Mom. Love you too. Bye."

Ask, listen, woo.

My new plan:

1) Get Kate to open up.

2) Let her get to know me.

3) Reveal my identity when I'm sure she's comfortable around me. Then she might want to meet with me in person.

Sounds logical to me.

Chapter 4: "Hello"

KATE

After going to the bar for a quick bite to eat with Mac and Daniel and my workmate Nathan-my g*y boyfriend for all intents and purposes-we return to our place and watch a DVD of some action movie that Daniel chose.

I'm sitting on the opposite couch with a half-filled glass of wine and the laptop on my lap, scrolling through potential new dates on the Chicago Singles site. Mac gets a text, and suddenly has a big grin on her face. She giggles a few times as a few new messages come in, and even shows Daniel over her shoulder as she snuggles into his lap, his arm around her hips with his hand cradling her bump protectively.

"What are you laughing at, Mac Attack?" It must be something good for her to be giggling like a school girl.

"Oh nothing. Just uh, a friend from work sending me joke texts," she says suspiciously.

"Mmm hmm," I reply, taking another big gulp of wine and scrolling through the never-ending list of new 'singles ready to mingle' on the website.

Suddenly, I have a new private message from someone called nightdancer23. Interesting name, definitely grabs my attention. Worth a look I suppose.

No profile photo, aged twenty-three, dirty blond hair, likes working out, 6 ft. 2. Shit, that's a hell of a lot taller than me, but I've always been a sucker for a tall man towering over me. It must be the whole 'protector' fantasy. You know, the cop, the fire fighter, the soldier...the tall brooding man in uniform who makes you squirm with one piercing look.

Yep, total sucker right here.

Okay, so he's sounding good so far. Twenty-three is the lower limit of my age range, but I'm only twenty-four, so a year isn't much in the scheme of things as long as he's mature and not just looking to get laid. And going by my date with Roger, who was almost old enough to be my dad, a younger guy might be worth a shot.

I open the message, emptying the remainder of the bottle into my glass.

Nightdancer23: Hi. You sound like a fun chick. How's your night going?

Okay. Nothing too pushy or probing. Just a simple, friendly message. And no c**k pic; definitely a better start than the last five messages I've received. I think about my reply for a while before sending.

Fireinthesky24: Hey. I like to think I'm fun. You obviously have a great sense of humor if your username is anything to go by. Night dancer? Does that mean you're the next Channing Tatum?

There we go. Fun, mildly flirty, not desperate. Great start Kate. I'm proud of myself.

Straight away, I get a reply.

Nightdancer23: Definitely not Channing Tatum, but I've been told I dance like him. Shouldn't a gorgeous woman like you be out having fun tonight?

Fireinthesky24: Had a dating disaster last weekend and then dinner with friends tonight. Enjoying a nice glass of wine to drown my sorrows.

Nightdancer23: Must've been bad if you're still drinking from last week's bad date. It's not just internet dating that can be disastrous. Everyday dating can be just as bad. I was groped in a cafe today at a coffee date. Don't be disheartened.

Fireinthesky24: Aww, thanks. So why are you at home tonight then? On a dating site no less ;)

Nightdancer23: Finished work, so came home to relax. I'm pretty busy during the week, so I like to relax at home occasionally. Can't be partying all the time ;)

I look at the clock and realize that its 11 p.m. I might as well call it a night since Mac and Daniel are now spooning on the couch watching another movie about zombies. As much as I'd like to stay talking on the internet, my confidence in this website being the answer to my love life woes has taken a hit, so I don't want to get my hopes up again. Friendly, but non-committal. That is the key.

Fireinthesky24: I'm with you there. Well, I'm going to love and leave you. My cold, empty bed is calling me. Hope the rest of your night is relaxing. Talk again soon.

Nightdancer23: I'd like that. It's hard meeting new friends in the big city, especially without any expectations. And don't be disheartened by your dating disaster; your prince charming will be out there somewhere, I promise.

This guy does seem to be one of the nice ones. Either that or he is a smooth as they come.

Nightdancer23: Is it wrong that I'm thinking that you, going to sleep in a cold bed, is a crime?

Fireinthesky24: Not wrong. A bit forward maybe, but I can deal with forward from a distance.

Nightdancer23: Good to hear, Firebird. Till next time *wink*

Fireinthesky24: Firebird?

Nightdancer23: Sorry, it's just a name that came to me when I saw your photo.

Fireinthesky24: I like it :)

Well, color me pink and call me candy floss. Forward and flirty. Dammit, why can't Mac help me decipher this? She's the queen of reading into things. I'll have to ask her in the morning when she's not so busy with Superman over there.

Time for bed and a romance novel to drown my sorrows in. I shuffle into my bedroom, snuggling deep under the covers with my kindle, waiting for sleep to come. Ten pages-and one sex scene later-my kindle hits me in the face as I fall asleep holding it.

Kate the dork for the win!

He stands at the end of the bed, his eyes full of hunger as he roams my naked body. From the tips of my toes, he slowly rakes his eyes over me...the curve of my hips, the dip of my waist, my heavy aching br**sts as they rise and fall quickly...the eroticism of the moment engulfing me. I'm panting with need, biting my lip to stop me from begging him to take me.

"God, you're beautiful. You're every man's wet dream. I've dreamed of you like this, naked and waiting for me, wanting me."

"Fuck," I moan, lifting my hands up to cup my br**sts, my thumbs on each hand rubbing across my hard ni**les sending delicious tingles straight down to my wet pu**y.

"I plan to, and I'm gonna take my time because you deserve the world, Kate. You deserve everything I have to give you and more."

"Touch me, I need you to touch me." I'm begging, but I don't care. My entire body is on fire, and he's the spark that is burning me.

"Try and stop me, Firebird."

Wait, what?

I shake my head, not wanting to lose the moment.

His large rough hands are all over me. He puts a knee on the bed between my feet as he skims the inside of my calves, gently easing my legs further apart as he moves up my body.

As he dips his head to rain kisses up my thighs, he looks up at me, his eyes ravenous. "You're so f**king beautiful. What did I do to deserve you?"

"So close..." I moan, increasing the pressure on my aching ni**les.

"You're so hot. I have to taste you. I have to be inside you."

"Yes!" I cry out as his tongue swipes my core, stopping at my throbbing clit which is begging for attention.

As if he can read my mind, he moves his fingers up, slowly pushing one, then two inside of me. My pu**y is so wet that he easily slips back and forth as his tongue circles my clit before he wraps his lips around it and sucks hard, flicking back and forth. My hips buck up, forcing his fingers deeper into me as I moan loudly, relishing in the growing pressure deep within me dying to be released.

Ring Ring

FUCK! So not the time for the phone to ring. He looks up at me, his eyes all-knowing as he lightly scrapes his teeth over my clit and inserts a third finger deep inside me as my climax takes hold. I buck my hips wildly against him as I come hard and loud. I knew it would be good, but this is beyond any of my wildest fantasies.

Ring Ring

I sit bolt upright in bed. Holy shitballs, Batman! What the hell was that all about?

A sheen of sweat covers my whole body as I struggle to catch my breath. That was, without a doubt, the most erotic dream I've ever had, and with Zander of all people? What the hell!

And he called me firebird? We haven't spent enough time together for him to call me a nickname. And firebird...why does that seem so familiar?

Ring Ring

Fuck, I knew I woke up for a reason.

"Hello," I answer breathlessly.

"Katelyn Marie. Have you been running?" my mother's warm voice replies soothingly.

"Hey, Mom. Running? No, sorry. I...uh, I just ran to answer the phone, that's all. How are you?" I look over at the clock and see its 8 a.m. Only Mom would ring at the butt crack of dawn on a Sunday morning.

"I'm good. Your father and I are leaving for church soon, but I wanted to call my baby girl first. How is your weekend?"

"It's okay. I worked yesterday morning. Stayed in last night."

"Oh, darling, I do wish you'd meet a good man soon. You're not getting any younger, you know."

Great one, Mom. State the f**king obvious.

"I'm not over the hill yet, Mom," I say deadpan.

"I know, sweetheart, but you need someone that can look after you."

"I'm fine, Mom," I reply with a sigh.

"Sweetheart, there is a man for you somewhere. You never know, you may have already met him and not realized it yet. By the way, has Mark called you this week?" Mark is my eldest brother. Joseph is the middle child, and I'm the baby.

"No, why's that?"

"Him and Felicity are expecting again. Isn't it wonderful?" she exclaims. I can hear the pride beaming down the phone. Yet again, one of my brothers is procreating while I can't even find a man to date more than once. Fantastic. Just what I needed to hear.

"That's awesome, Mom. I'll give them a call later today. I can't believe I'm going to have another niece or nephew," I answer her, my voice full of fake enthusiasm.

"And by the time you have kids, they'll be able to babysit yours."

"Mom!" I shake my head, but I can tell by her tone that she's teasing me.

"Alright, well your father says hi, but I have to go. He's walking out the door. I'll talk to you next week, okay?"

"Talk to you then. Bye." I hang up the phone. She may have just disturbed the hottest dream I've ever had but she's my mom, what can I do.

Last night turned into a one person pity party, but at least there was one small ray of sunshine. Whoever nightdancer23 is, he made me feel a little better about my first internet dating failure.

I lie back down in bed and hug my pillow as I look at the sun streaming in the window.

Maybe I need to be a bit more picky about who I go on dates with from now on, and definitely ask for a recent photo, verified, with a newspaper or something. There is no way that photo Roger sent me was recent. God, he was way out of my age range, and totally not my type.

Why lie on an internet dating site? Surely you realize you're going to get found out, especially if you're going to meet up with someone. And isn't that why you go on a site like Chicago Singles? Well, actually, going by the number of messages I have had with photos of various male appendages-and I mean various-it seems that men have no shame. Big, small, bent, it doesn't matter. If it's a cock, and it's erect, it seems to be open season for selfies. It's like they get a boner and think "Hmm, I should take a photo of this," Then, while jacking off at their computer-probably to some f**ked up, free p**n channel-they decide to send said photo to whichever female happens to be online at that time.

But I'll keep trying. You never know, I might be one of the few lucky ones who finds her diamond in the rough, or at least an honest man who doesn't have to show me his penis to get my attention.

Either one.

Chapter 5: "Love On Top"

KATE

"KAATTTTTTTTTTEEEEEEEEEE!" Mac calls out from her bedroom where she has been ensconced with Daniel for the past few hours, and yes, I really should have gone out or something. Instead, I turned the volume up on the movie I was watching to block out the giggles and moans.

"What?" I reply, not bothering to move from my nice, comfy spot on the couch.

"Can you come here for a minute."

"Sure, but you better be decent. I don't need to see Daniel's weapon of mass impregnation again."

Yes, you heard that right. I had the most unfortunate, and embarrassing, honor of walking into the apartment after a busy Saturday to find Mac spread out on the coffee table with a kneeling Superman at full attention, plowing into her. Not one of their finest moments, and I've never looked at the coffee table the same way again.

I hear them both laughing. "Don't lie Kate, you liked it," Daniel pipes up.

I shake my head and grin. "Dude, you're my best friend's baby daddy. I'm not supposed to see your junk."

"Fair enough. But for your information, you're safe from any indecent exposure," he replies.

"Oh, alright then. Saves shouting down the house." I push myself off the couch and pad down to Mac's doorway to find them semi dressed but covered up, though there is no mistaking the 'entertainment' that has been taking place if Mac's mussed up hair and flushed cheeks are anything to go by.

"God, you guys are like rabbits!" I say, grinning. In Kate speak, what I really mean is I'm so freaking jealous it's insane. All I get are sexy dreams with unattainable dream guys.

Daniel flashes a huge shit-eating grin. "It's not my fault she can't keep her hands off me."

"Oh stop it. It's these crazy pregnancy hormones."

"That's not what you said when you stuck your-"

"Anyway..." I say, trying to stop the sex talk.

"Oh yeah," Mac says, sitting up cross-legged on the tangled sheets after giving Daniel a none too impressed glare. Her cute little baby pot belly clearly poked out from under her tank top now. "Daniel's parents want to meet us for lunch tomorrow and I need you to come with us."

"Mac, no. It's not my place."

"Whatever. Since when has it not been your place to support your best friend? And I need you there as a distraction." She pulls out the puppy dog eyes and bats her lashes at me. I look over at Daniel and he's smirking at the interaction, but seeing my glare, he holds his hands up in mock surrender. "If it's me you're worried about, Kate, I'd love for you to come. If it means that Mac chills out and reduces the risk of a bathroom freak-out, I'm all for it," Daniel butts in, ending with a smirk toward Mac.

She shrugs and looks back at me. "He's right, you know."

I giggle. He's so damn right. Goes to show how perfect Daniel is for Mac.

"Yeah. Damn superhero know-it-alls." I poke my tongue out at him. "Where and when? I'll be there."

"Yay" Mac shrieks, jumping up and tackle hugging me into the hallway wall.

"Whoa, dude, are you crying?"

She quickly wipes her eyes, failing to hide the evidence. "No!"

I pull back and look at her with a 'you have got to be shitting me' look.

"Oh alright. Yes. Stupid hormones. I'm like a leaky f**king faucet. All I do is cry. Nobody warns you about this girly shit!"

I quietly laugh while wrapping my arm around her shoulder. "And you've still got four months to go too."

"Oh, shut up. I need bacon. Lots and lots of bacon. You owe me bacon after that comment."

I hear Daniel chuckle as we walk away.

I'm going to miss these two when they move.

A little while later, I'm checking my online options once again, when I come across a profile that catches my eye.

Princeinwolfsclothing

I'm 27 years old and looking to meet new people, make new friends, and if I'm lucky enough, find my soul mate. I work hard and play harder. I can be somewhat intimidating at times, but really I'm a softie at heart. Would love to talk to you.

My first thought is that he sounds nice and honest. He admitted a fault in his profile which would normally put people off, but I find it kind of endearing. Looking at his photo, he's got gorgeous wavy brown hair that is longer on top and short on the sides-definitely looks after himself. I bite the bullet and message him.

Fireinthesky24: Hi. I'm Kate and I'm 24. Just wanted to say that I loved your profile and would love to like to chat more if you'd like. To chat that is.

God! How is it that in the salon I can talk my clients' ears off all day and not sound like a nut, but this internet dating thing suddenly makes me sound like the world's biggest goof?

I see Nightdancer23 come online, so I sit there for a good five minutes waiting to see if he's going to message me. Our conversation last night gave me hope that not all men on this site were like Roger-old, wrinkly, and liars.

I smile when I see a new message come in from nightdancer.

Nightdancer23: Hey, Firebird. How's your Sunday going?

Fireinthesky24: Hi. Sunday has been good to me so far. Just hanging around home with my best friend and her boyfriend. How about you?

Nightdancer23: Just boring stuff. It's my only day off, so I try to stay on top of things.

Fireinthesky24: How very responsible of you ;)

Nightdancer23: Ah yes, a responsible single male in Chicago. See, they do exist!

Fireinthesky24: They do indeed. A rare find, and a treasure to behold.

Nightdancer23: One might say you shouldn't waste time when you find such a rare gem.

Hot damn! This guy is the biggest flirt I've ever met! He makes Zander seem tame!

Fireinthesky24: Ah yeah, maybe ;) But one must proceed with caution to make sure the gem is genuine and not a replica.

Nightdancer23: Touche. Indeed.

Fireinthesky24: And how about you? Are you genuine or a replica?

Nightdancer23: I'm as genuine as they come. Tried and tested.

Fireinthesky24: *giggles* Don't think you should be telling women that you're well tried ;)

Nightdancer23: Probably not. Maybe I need to be put under your close scrutiny then.

Fireinthesky24: The testing process could be rigorous.

Nightdancer23: I think I'm *up* for the challenge.

Fireinthesky24: Maybe we should arrange a meeting so that this testing can begin.

Nightdancer23: I'd like to get to know you a bit better first. Is that ok?

In other words, back off, Kate! God, I'm an idiot.

Fireinthesky24: Of course. Yeah. Sounds good.

I feel rejected now. Why do I feel like this when I've only been chatting to this guy for a little while?

Nightdancer23: Well, I'd better get back to my laundry. There's a cute 70 year old here giving me the glad eye, so I might go try my luck. You never know ;)

Fireinthesky24: OMG, I just snorted my drink up my nose! You go, stud muffin. That is beyond a cougar, so you're setting your sights high.

Nightdancer23: I love a challenge. Talk again soon, I hope. Have a great day, Firebird.

I'm in trouble.

The dreamer in me is already pinning my hopes on this guy, and I don't even really know him. No photo, no real details in his profile, and I'm already building up an image of him. I can see him being tall and muscular. Not huge like a bodybuilder, but definitely someone who takes care of himself. Piercing eyes, strong jawline, and big hands that he knows what to do with.

Our messages and banter are so smooth, effortless even. I'm finding myself not wanting our conversations to end. And I'm not going to lie, when I saw him come online and message me, I got excited. He might just be interested in me. Even if it's just a little bit, that's a start, right?

Maybe this internet dating thing isn't going to be a write-off after all.

A new message snaps me out of my daydream.

Princeinwolfsclothing: Hey, Kate. You sound very suitable. Would you be interested in meeting for a drink this evening?

Oh shitballs! I usually like to talk a little before I jump into a first meeting, but he's just blown that plan right out of the water by asking me out.

I'm still deliberating what to do when Mac and Daniel walk into the living room, and going by the glow in Mac's cheeks that is not of the pregnancy variety, I'd say they shared the shower.

"What'cha doing?" Mac asks, plopping down on the couch beside me. "Ooh, look Superman, she's got another date."

Daniel leans over the back of the couch between us, reading the message on the screen before frowning and standing up, running a hand through his hair.

"What is it?"

He looks down at me with concern. "Kate, do you really want to carry on with this internet thing? Take it from me, you're a catch and sooner or later someone is going see that and run with it. There are some real creeps on sites like that."

"Oh, and I'm going to just walk onto the L and find my soul mate like you two? Do you know how many dates I've been on?"

Mac puts her hand on my arm. "Hon, he's just worried about you."

I let out a big breath and slouch back into the soft cushions. "I know. But you guys always know where I am, and we'll just do the whole twenty minute check-in phone call thingy this time."

"So you're gonna go out with this prince in wolf's clothing guy?" Daniel asks incredulously.

"Yeah, why not? It's not like I have any other plans tonight," I say, shrugging my shoulders.

He growls low in his throat before he walks to the fridge and grabs himself a beer.

"What?" I ask, looking at Mac.

"It's okay, hon. As I said, he's just worried after the Roger fiasco."

"I know," I mutter under my breath as I type out a quick reply to Prince.

Fireinthesky24: Sounds great. Where and when?

I put the laptop down, making a mental note to check for his reply later. I spin around on the couch to face Daniel.

"I know you're just looking out for me, but this time we'll do it right. A twenty minute check-in phone call from Mac after I arrive, and if I say it's okay, you'll leave me to it. If I say it's not, you'll come save me. Agreed?"

"Agreed," he says, smiling at me like a proud big brother. Although, in all honesty, if my real brothers knew about this they'd be shitting bricks.

I jump up off the couch and give him a side hug as I grab his beer and take a swig before handing it back to him. "And with that, I'm now off to make myself beautiful for my date," I say, walking off down the hallway, leaving Superman with his mouth open and Mac giggling her tits off.

Chapter 6: "Wake Up Call"

KATE

It's Saturday night, 8 p.m., and I'm standing outside Spirelli's, an Italian restaurant just a few blocks from my apartment. I'd heard of it before as this was where Daniel had brought Mac for a date and she had raved about the Tiramisu, describing it as being like a food orgasm waiting to happen, so I've been dying to try it out. Princeinwolfsclothing-aka Spencer-suggested we meet here for dinner and I couldn't come up with a reason not to.

All afternoon I've been psyching myself up for this date. It's only my second blind date as such since joining the dating website, so my nerves hit overdrive as the afternoon dwindled away. Mac tried to get me to relax, and the glass of wine she literally poured down my throat before I left definitely aided her efforts.

She also helped me choose the perfect dinner date outfit. I'm wearing a black pencil skirt with a sleeveless burgundy peplum top and black patent pumps. I'd styled my hair half up, half down, letting a few curls loose to frame my face. I was going for classy, but not over the top. Mac and I pretty much gutted my closet finding the perfect combination. Daniel said there was too much estrogen in the house, so he left us to go workout. To be honest, it was nice to have some one-on-one girl time with my bestie, despite my threatening panic attack.

As I stand on the sidewalk, I can't help but reflect on my past first dates. They've never really been anything to write home about. Nothing stands out as being epic or romantic comedy-esque. Then, of course, I wonder where nightdancer23 would take me for a first date. Would it be to a restaurant like this, or would it be something more fun? More low key? There's no point thinking about it since he all but brushed me off this afternoon.

I walk into the restaurant and up to the hostess station where a waitress is standing to greet me.

"Welcome, madam. My name is Holly, and I'll be your hostess this evening. Table for one?"

"Uh, no. I'm here to meet Spencer Carrington," I say hoarsely, my voice giving away my nerves.

She looks me up and down, then smiles at me. "Right this way," she says before leading me to a table set for two in a far corner of the cute restaurant.

I look at her with uncertainty written all over my face when I realize that he's not here yet. I look around the restaurant nervously, still unable to find him. God, I hope I haven't been stood up!

The waitress puts her hand on my forearm, obviously realizing that I'm worried. "Oh hon, don't you worry. Mr. Carrington called about fifteen minutes ago and explained that he was running late, but asked that I seat you and pour you a glass of white wine. Is that okay?"

I sigh with relief. "Oh, thank god. Yes, that would be awesome. Thank you so much."

"You're welcome. First date?"

"Uh, yeah. Am I that obvious?" I ask, feeling my cheeks heat up with embarrassment.

"Not at all. Mr. Carrington explained it was a first date and why he was calling in advance. He won't stand you up. He's a regular customer."

Holy hell, what if he brings all of his dates here? What if I'm just one of a long line of conquests? Dammit. Is he a regular customer to the restaurant or a regular dater at the restaurant? Shit! I think I need to call Mac. A freak-out of epic proportions is imminent.

I pull out my phone and speed dial Mac.

"Kate, you okay?" she answers, sounding worried.

"Um. So yeah. I talk, you listen?"

"Of course, hit me," she says excitedly. I swear to God Mac lives for this shit, especially given that it's usually me on the receiving end of her freak-outs, not the other way around.

"I've arrived at the restaurant, and they've shown me to our table, but there is no Spencer. Apparently, he called the hostess and explained he was running late and asked that I be served. Is that thoughtful? Or is it crappy that he's late, and I'm being too soft and gullible again falling for this internet dating shit? Because seriously, I can't decide whether he's thoughtful and charming, or simply trying to cover his tardy ass. And then, Holly the hostess tells me that he's a regular customer here, and that is just ringing mega loud, epic, freaking alarm bells in my head for some reason. God! Why is this twisting me in knots so much?"

She giggles. The bitch. My bestest friend in the whole wide world giggles. "That was a good one, hon. Nothing on my Noah bathroom freak-out in June, but still, I'd give that an eight out of ten."

"You're lucky I love you," I say, a smile slowly creeping up my face. "So now that you've laughed at me, have you got any advice?"

"Kate, stop psychoanalyzing everything. He's probably a nice guy who just likes the food and goes there because they make the best Alfredo in Chicago."

Yes, okay. She's right. I've got to stop over-thinking this shit.

"I suppose. Just seems strange."

"I'm sure it'll be fine. If not, let me know, and Daniel and I can come get you. Say we're getting take-out or something. I never need an excuse for that Tiramisu."

"I'll be fine. You have a good night. And don't stress about meeting Daniel's parents. It's not good for the mini superhero...or heroine."

"Easy for you to say, missy. You're not the one who got knocked up by their gorgeous, talented, superhero." I hear Daniel chuckle in the background.

"Okay, that's enough. You'll be fine, and I know they'll love you. I'm gonna go. I love you, you crazy pregnant woman."

"Love you too. Bye," she replies before hanging up.

Shortly after making myself comfortable and pulling out my compact to check my makeup one last time, Holly arrives with my wine.

"Mr. Carrington requested this Chardonnay from the Campania region of Italy be brought to you once you arrived. I hope it is to your satisfaction."

"Wow, thanks," I reply, totally out of my element here. How thoughtful is this man? I mean, who thinks to order their date a glass of wine and make sure they're seated and comfortable when they're running late?

She places the bottle on the table and leans toward me. "Relax, hon. He'll be here soon." I see a strange expression cross over her face before she hides it and gives me her well-practiced smile again.

"Thanks, I think."

"You're welcome," she answers cheerfully before bouncing her way back to the entrance.

I pull out my phone, checking for a message from Mr. Carrington, and coming up empty. I look up to see Spencer walking toward me, and he honestly takes my breath away. God, he's even more stunning in real life. That profile photo did not do him justice. His dark brown hair looks like he's been running his hands through it, but he pulls it off. His ice-blue eyes are more potent than on his profile. They're the type of eyes one could get lost in, and ones that I'm already totally addicted to. And his body...let me tell you, if he's a frequent dater, then I now know why. He's wearing dark grey slacks with a light blue shirt, both clearly tailored just for his body. Broad shoulders and strong arms that would feel great wrapped around you. They're the type of arms that would make any woman feel safe and protected. In short, he's totally dreamy. In fact, with hair and eyes like that, he's almost like the McDreamy of Chicago.

On the Zander scale of hotness, where Zander is a ten, this guy is a firm nine. Instantly, my night starts to look up.

Standing up to greet him, I'm shocked when he hands me a bouquet of red roses.

"Oh, they're beautiful, Spencer. Thank you."

I put my hand out to shake his and gasp when he pulls my hand up to his lips and places a gentle kiss on my knuckles. "Please forgive my tardiness. I got stuck on a late conference call. I'm so glad you waited for me."

"With flowers and an apology like that, you're forgiven," I say with a smile.

"I hope so. Otherwise, I'd have to spend the rest of the evening making it up to you. What a shame that would be." He gives me a gorgeous grin before pulling out my chair so I can take a seat again and rounding the table to sit down opposite me.

"Have they taken your order yet?"

"No, I thought I'd wait for you."

"Well, I can't have you going hungry now, can I? You never know what you might need your energy for later," he replies with a wink just as Brandi appears at our table again.

"Mr. Carrington," she says deadpan.

"Holly," he muses, not taking his eyes off me. I have to admit, this man oozes charm. Since he arrived, he hasn't stopped looking at me, but not raking his eyes over my body like he only has one thing on his mind either. I'm talking about looking in my eyes; it's unsettling and amazing all at once.

"I've just ordered another glass of wine for you from the bar. Would you like to order your meals?" she asks him, not looking at me. Now that Spencer has arrived, she seems to have returned to her professional self. Her tone when she speaks to him is not the warm, friendly voice she greeted me with. It's cold, deadpan, and full of some unknown emotion I can't quite pinpoint.

Picking up the menu, he looks over it before nodding at her. "That would be great," he replies, looking over at me. "Kate, have you had a chance to look at the menu while I so rudely kept you waiting?"

"No, but I've heard you come here often, so why don't you surprise me?" I say suggestively. That glass of wine must have gone to my head already. I'm such a lush.

"Oh, now the gauntlet has been laid. Prepare to be amazed, my sweet Kate." Wow. It seems like the food seduction class is now in session, and by god, has Spencer just gone to the head of the class. My mind quickly floats between images of him hand-feeding me selections from a delicious antipasto platter, to mouth-watering Tiramisu being licked off my lips.

Spencer clears his throat, immediately snapping me out of my thoughts. The grin on his face is all-knowing, almost like he had a direct link to my thoughts.

"You look beautiful tonight, Kate. I'm so sorry I was late. I would have loved seeing you arrive looking as ravishing as you do tonight."

"Oh, thank you," I say, looking down at the table meekly. I'm not used to this kind of praise. I know I haven't been beaten with the ugly stick or anything, but to be called beautiful and ravishing does something special to a girl's ego.

He leans over the table, placing a finger underneath my chin ever so gently to lift my gaze back to him. "Hey, it's not a line, you know. You are the most beautiful woman here."

"Well, you're not looking too bad yourself, Spencer," I reply with a sly smile.

"Glad you approve," he murmurs as another waiter delivers his glass of white wine to our table.

He lifts his glass to me, which I emulate. "To meeting new people. Especially breathtaking women like yourself," he toasts with a swoon-worthy smile that screams all prince and no wolf. It's very endearing.

"To meeting new people," I repeat before clinking my glass with his and taking a demure sip from my glass, closing my eyes as the flavors swirl around my mouth. I will say one thing, the guy knows his wine.

We talk about our jobs, and I find out he is an entrepreneur. When I try pressing him further, he pushes the conversation back on me. He asks about my job, my family, my home life. It is like he wants to know everything about me. What it doesn't explain is the dismissive looks he gives to both Holly and the waiter serving us if they even try to talk to us. It's like Spencer is one way with me, and a completely different person with everyone else.

When Mac's twenty minute text comes through, I excuse myself to the restroom and text her back, letting her know he has arrived and that everything is fine.

But then it happens. The surreal moment when his phone starts ringing and he holds his finger up to his mouth, asking me to be quiet as he answers the phone call.

FROM HIS WIFE.

Yes. Princeinwolfsclothing, aka Spencer Carrington, is, in fact, married.

MARRIED.

Tell me you saw that coming because that is not the outcome I was expecting.

I am so pissed off, then angry at myself for being so impulsive. What was I thinking, accepting a date without chatting with the guy for at least more than a few short messages?

The minute he answers that call and says 'honey' down the phone, I look to his left hand ring finger to see the clear-as-day tan line from a missing wedding ring. When he ends the call and puts his phone on the table, he looks over at me warily, like he is waiting to gauge my reaction.

"You're married?" I ask incredulously.

"Will my answer make a difference?"

I stand up from the table, spin around on my pretty black heels, and walk straight out of there, without wasting another word on the man. Holly gives me a sympathetic look as I walk past her, but I'm too furious to care at that point. Not only has the entire evening been a sham, but I'm leaving without trying any of the damn tiramisu.

What does a girl have to do to get a good freaking dessert these days?

Chapter 7: "Drinking From The Bottle"

ZANDER

I've taken this weekend off. I need some time out. From life, from stripping, from being pawed at. Stripping has become a necessary evil, and I swear to God, it's starting to suck the life out of me. I lose a little bit more of my soul with every pelvic thrust and bicep curl.

I go to the bar with Zach and we sit back and have a few drinks, relaxing, people watching and enjoying the show that the female clientele are putting on for us on the dance floor. All in all, a great night out with my best friend. But when I get home, all I can think about is Kate. What is she doing tonight? Who is she with? Is she on another date? Will this date be 'the one' for her?

My pursuit of Kate, or lack thereof, is starting to consume my thoughts. I wake up thinking about her, imagining her warm naked body covering mine, her gorgeous red hair draped across her shoulders and onto my chest. I wonder what she's doing...if she's having a good day...what she's thinking about... Seriously, this is getting to be a problem.

I login to Chicago Singles, and like the sad sap that I've become, I send her a message and wait, hoping that she'll come online again. It seems to be part of her routine now to login late at night before going to bed.

Nightdancer23: Hey, Firebird. How was your night? I just got home from having a few drinks with my roommate. Anyway, I hope you've had a great night.

Nightdancer23: Was hoping to chat a bit more about you, maybe play a QandA game for a bit of fun?

For f**k's sake, Zan, reel it in and pipe the f**k down. I sound like a love struck teenager, but what can I say? The only way I'm going to get to know more about Kate is to push her to open up to me. I don't want to end up boxed into the friend category without being given a chance.

I waste time surfing the net and watching dance videos online for routine inspiration until I hear the anticipated ping of a new message.

Fireinthesky24: Hey. Just got home. Night was horrific.

Nightdancer23: Wanna talk about your night? I don't like the idea of anything horrific happening to you, especially if it was a date. It brings out my protective instinct.

Fireinthesky24: Would rather not relive the humiliation, but thank you for asking, it's very sweet of you. What kind of QandA game have you got in mind? I hope it's something fun, I'm in desperate need of some fun.

Oh yes, my sweet Kate. I can bring the fun.

Nightdancer23: Of course, everything in life should be fun. Well except those things that are never fun, like enemas and Monday mornings. How about we just start off with a few 'getting to know you' questions and see where the night takes us?

I read then reread the message before sending. I don't want to push too hard, but at the same time, I don't want to sit back and leave her to meet someone else without putting my hand up and making a move.

Fireinthesky24: *giggles* Okay, but let me down these two shots of Patron first, and I'll warn you, I'm a little loose-lipped when tipsy, so you'd better be on your best behavior, dancer boy ;)

Hell yes! Now that is what I'm talking about. Relaxed, playful Kate is in the house. Think Zander, what can I ask first?

Fireinthesky24: Shot one and two taken care of, shot three poured for when I get my first question wrong, haha. My roommate and her boyfriend are asleep, so it's just you and me and my friend, Patron. Are you drinking too? Because I hate to drink alone. Ok, my turn first. Favorite color?

Nightdancer23: Favorite Color of what? ;)

Fireinthesky24: Touche! Favorite color in general?

Nightdancer23: Blue

Fireinthesky24: Such a boy! Okay, favorite color on a woman?

Now, do I get straight to the point or skirt around it? Hmm...

Nightdancer23: Blue eyes, red hair ;)

Fireinthesky24: Oh c'mon! Too cheesy! You'll need to try harder to impress me!

Nightdancer23: Okay then, back at you. Favorite color?

Fireinthesky24: Red everything ;)

Nightdancer23: *groans* my mind is going places it shouldn't be ;)

Fireinthesky24: Oooh, tell me!

Shit! I walked into that one! Okay, they say honesty is the best policy, right? Fuck, I'm starting to sound like a chick!

Nightdancer23: And onto the next question...

Fireinthesky24: No no no, mister dancer, tell me what you were thinking about. Maybe I want you to think about that ;)

No way! Is she playing me at my own game? Surely not. Dammit, I can't even text Mac to find out for me either.

Nightdancer23: Okay, then. Red lingerie on a body like yours would look sexy as hell.

Fireinthesky24: I'm too tipsy to come up with a witty comeback, but yes, I do own a lot of sexy red lingerie...

Nightdancer23: *bangs head on keyboard repeatedly* You do know that I'm going to have that image running through my mind for the rest of the night now, right?

Fireinthesky24: Glad to be of service ;) Just add it to the bank.

Nightdancer23: Firebird, you're killing me! Now it's my turn. Favorite movie?

Fireinthesky24: General consumption or p**n ographic?

Fuck! I need to start drinking, or else I'm going to be pulling myself off with one hand and typing with the other. I walk out of my bedroom and grab a beer from the fridge, popping the cap and taking a long swig before returning to my room and the naughty Kate on my laptop.

Nightdancer23: Both. Damn, you're feisty and dirty when drunk. I'm liking it, a LOT!

Fireinthesky24: Yeah, I kind of let loose when I'm drunk. Last time I was this far gone was about six months ago at our local bar with my best friend and her stripper booty call. We started a drinking game, and because I liked him, I ended up trying to touch my elbows behind my back, pretty much thrusting my boobs in his face.

Seriously, that was one of the highlights of the night, other than kissing her. The taste of her mouth was addictive, almost intoxicating. More potent than a shot of any liquor. The way she moaned into my mouth as I took control of the kiss drove me crazy. All I could think about was making her moan again. My hands grew a life of their own as they gripped her hips, holding her gorgeous body hard up against mine as we continued to release the pent up energy into that one moment. By the time I got home, I was kicking my ass for not taking the chance to see where things with Kate could go.

This time, I'm not going to let the opportunity slip by again.

KATE

God, I'm so f**king drunk.

I've had five shots of tequila since I got home an hour ago. Add that to the two glasses of wine at the restaurant before Sleazy Spencer showed himself to be a wolf in prince's clothing, not the other way around, and I'm having my own little drunk pity party. Yay me!

Married! I mean, seriously! SERIOUSLY! Who does that? Sleazy Spencer does, that's who! Shit, that's actually funny. I'm a funny girl when I'm drunk. I crack myself up.

Ok. Maybe I need to slow down the drinking.

I made the awesome decision to turn on my computer when I got home since Mac and Daniel were already in bed. As much as I wanted to, I didn't want to be the needy roommate who barges in uninvited, and with those two, most likely at the most inopportune time!

Thankfully, nightdancer23 was there to chat to. And he's actually been making me laugh and feel better. I'm still determined to get my damn tiramisu from that restaurant. Maybe I'll go with Mac. It'll probably be safer than going on another first date there. That waitress must be laughing her ass off at me. She must have known he was married, so why didn't she observe the girl code and tell me?

I'm wondering what the punishment for violating girl code should be, when I see nightdancer reply. I wish I knew his name, but I guess that he would have told me by now if he wanted me to know. Maybe this is just one of those online friendships. I can't believe I told him about thrusting my boobs in Zander's face.

Nightdancer23: I'm sure he enjoyed it. Any red-blooded male with a pulse and a c**k would enjoy seeing that, but you would've made the show exceptional. Now I'm kind of wishing I wasn't such a gentleman.

Fireinthesky24: Ah, why's that? You don't have a little dirty boy inside that SNAG exterior?

Nightdancer23: Oh there is definitely a lot of dirty inside, I'm just working on letting it out in the right situations.

Shit, maybe I've been reading his signals wrong. He must think I'm some drunken hussy trying to cock-tease him. I'm just about to type a reply when he replies.

Nightdancer23: Is this the right situation, Firebird?

Hearing him call me firebird again took me back to that hot as hell dream I had last weekend, the one in which Zander was the star of the show. I've never come as hard as I did in that dream. The things imaginary Zander did with his tongue were awe-inspiring.

Fireinthesky24: I'd say yes.

Nightdancer23: Well, this puts a whole new light on this conversation, doesn't it ;)

Fireinthesky24: I'm hoping so...

Nightdancer23: Favorite food?

Fireinthesky24: Right now I'm craving dessert because I missed out at the restaurant tonight.

Nightdancer23: I like dessert too, so many options, possibilities...

Fireinthesky24: Tell me what you'd do if I was there with you now and we had a bowl of tiramisu in front of us with only one spoon.

Nightdancer23: You're not going to regret this conversation in the morning, are you?

Suddenly, I'm having flashbacks of that night at the bar with Zander. The guy coming on too strong, not taking no for an answer. Zander swooping in and punching the guy square in the jaw, knocking him out before grabbing my hand, lacing his fingers in mine and dragging me out of there. Then me, wantonly asking him to stay the night.

"Stay with me tonight," I said, my body still pressed tightly against his as we both tried to catch a breath after the epic kiss.

He stood and stared down at me, frozen on the spot. I remember loving the way I had to strain my neck to look up at him, to kiss him. He blinked a few times then shook his head, taking a step back from me and grabbing my hand again. But when the realization hit me that he was turning me down, I wanted to run and hide.

Instead, I let him lead me down the hallway as he found my room at the end and told me to get ready for bed before he spun on his heels, stuttering out an "I'll be back" before leaving me alone.

A few minutes later, I was under the covers and covering my face, mortified that I had thrown myself at him like that. He probably only kissed me because he didn't want to hurt my feelings. He probably thought that I'd been through enough and didn't want to humiliate me again.

When he walked back into the room with a glass of water and two Advil I could've kissed him again. Scratch that, I would've gotten down on my knees and begged to do anything to him.

"Are you gonna be alright Kate?" he said, sitting down on the bed beside me as I took the pills.

"Yeah," I answered dejectedly.

"I'm going to go," he said hoarsely as he leaned forward and pressed a soft kiss to my forehead, making a soft sigh escape my lips.

He rested his forehead against mine, our breath intermingling for what seemed like an eternity.

"It is killing me to say no to you Kate. I just don't want to be another thing you regret in the morning. You're more than a quick lay, you're a lifetime of making love. Don't you ever think otherwise."

Fireinthesky24: Sorry. I have to go. Talk soon.

I log off before he can reply, too shaken up by what I had remembered.

Why do I have a feeling that night dancer could be just as dangerous to my heart as Zander would be. In that moment, I realize two things:

1) I have to-no, scratch that-I need to put Zander out of my head so that I can move on. Maybe with nightdancer, you never know.

2) I really need to stop drinking!

Chapter 8: "Mirrors"

KATE

All morning Mac agonized over what to wear. I've had to redo her hair three times because first she thought it was trying too hard, and then she thought it was too casual. After I'd finally calmed her and her wayward, product-filled hair down, Daniel stepped in and reassured her that she looks beautiful and that she was worrying about nothing.

"How was your date last night?" she asks, mid wardrobe freak-out.

"Great," I answer cheerfully. "But today is about you. Meeting the future grandparents and possibly in-laws, so we'll talk about it later." In all honesty, I have no intention of talking about sleazy Spencer ever again.

"What? What makes you say that? Oh my god, do you think he's going to propose? I mean, we've only just got back together, and yes, we love each other, and I don't want any other penis, or man, like ever, but seriously, Kate. Me married? White picket fence and barefoot and pregnant in the kitchen?" She was breathless and panicking more than ever.

Will I ever stop putting my foot in it?

"Mac, breathe! We don't know what the future holds. You've just got to take it day by day and go with the flow. Haven't you learned anything from the past six months?"

"Okay. Yes, you're right. Okay, I can do this. I can meet the parents of the superhero love of my life, right?"

"Yes. Now get dressed and we'll get going."

"Thank you for coming with us today, Kate. I know it's beyond the call of duty and all that." She sniffs, and I know that this is the pregnancy hormones running amok again.

"Anything for you, Mac. Always."

"I can't do this, I really can't. Turn the car around, Danny boy. We can go back home, and I'll give you the world's best blow job. I promise. I'll show your penis how much I love you if you turn back now." Mac's fisting her hands in the gorgeous and totally adorable maternity dress she bought just for meeting the parents. But as you can tell, she's a bit nervous. It must be bad if she's pleading.

"Gorgeous, they already adore you," Daniel replies, looking back at me and winking before reaching over to the passenger seat and rubbing her thigh. "Breathe, Mac, it's gonna be fine. I love you, that is all that matters to them." Stopping at an intersection, he leans over and lifts his hand to cup her cheek, softly brushing his lips against hers. It's one of those show-stopping moments in the rom coms where all the women swoon.

"Thank you, Superman," she whispers.

I want that kind of devotion. He is so damn good for her...hell, they're good for each other. They're like the perfect pieces to each other's puzzle. Mac has her little freak-out's and Daniel doesn't even flinch. He manages them, listens and calms her down. Between the two of us, there isn't a Mac freak-out that we can't handle. Although she's never offered me o**l s*x to get out of something.

We kissed once, but that was on a dare at a bar late one night when a LOT of alcohol had been consumed. It was nice, a bit sloppy given how drunk we were, but even then, girls are so not my thing.

It's been so long since I've been kissed. And oh, how I love to kiss. I could make out like a teenager for hours. There is something honest about it. You can't fake a kiss. You can't imitate passion and hunger. With one heartfelt kiss, you can feel everything the other person feels for you. My three date rule is for sex, definitely not for kissing, but I'm so glad I didn't kiss Roger or Sleazy Spencer. Can you imagine how much worse I would feel had I kissed them?

"We're here," Daniel says, pulling into a long sweeping driveway stopping outside a freaking mansion. Holy crap, this has Mac freak-out level ten potential. I can see that my presence was definitely needed today.

"So, I need you to turn around now and take me back home. Kate can pretend to be me. It'll all work out."

I lean forward in the seat, wrapping my hands around the car seat and hugging Mac. "Mac Attack, two problems with that. Daniel isn't in love with me, and I don't have a cute, little baby belly poking out. They're going to love you. You've got this. And if you don't, Superman and I are here for you."

"Okay. As long as you know that I may look fine on the outside, but inside I'm like that scream painting with sound. Loud, wild, flail your hands in the air, sound."

"I think we get the picture, gorgeous," Daniel murmurs.

She turns her head to glare at him. "Are you sure? There are so many more descriptions to go along with this freak-out. The word 'epic' comes to mind."

Daniel spins in his seat and leans over, taking both of Mac's fisted hands in his. "Gorgeous, you're the mother of my child and the love of my life. If they don't love you, then my parents have been abducted by aliens. Last night, when I spoke to Mom, she was beside herself with excitement over meeting the woman who has driven her son crazy for the past ten months."

"Oh..."

"Yeah, oh..."

"I love you," she replies instantly. There is no mistaking the genuine emotion in her voice.

I need to get out of this car before they start sucking face. I love them to death, but there is only so much making out that I can handle.

"I'll give you two a minute," I say before getting the f**k out of that car. Last night's chat with nightdancer comes back to me as the sun hits my eyes and an imaginary ice poker stabs me in the head as my hangover hits me with a vengeance.

He was totally flirting with me. And I totally flirted back. I was drunk, but that doesn't excuse me disappearing like that last night. No warning. I just cut him off. Oh shit! He must think I'm a total lush, or a flake, or a c**k tease. Hell, I wouldn't be surprised if he doesn't want to talk to me again.

I'm just about to pull out my phone to type out a quick apology to him when Daniel gets out of the car, walks around the hood and opens Mac's door like the perfect gentleman he always is. Swoon! Who would have thought my commitment-phobe best friend would find her perfect guy?

I smile at Mac and wipe around my mouth, hoping she'll get the subtle hint that her lipstick is smeared all over her face from Daniel's obviously successful calming down method. Sucking her face off to take her mind off meeting the parents. Nicely played, Superman!

I hear a door crack open behind us, and I turn around to see what I can only explain as a scene out of The Stepford Wives. A gorgeous couple in their late 50s, early 60s, walking down the wide stone stairs in unison. Daniel's mom is wearing a peach-colored twin set and tailored pants that look perfectly pressed, her rich brown hair pristine in its blown out goodness, and his dad is wearing a tailored matching shirt and slacks with spit-polished black, shiny shoes and perfectly coiffed salt and pepper hair.

All in all, it looks like Daniel comes from good quality, country club stock. Not at all what Mac and I are used to.

"Daniel, you made it," his mom exclaims before taking the steps two at a time and running toward him with arms widespread.

"Mom, take it down a notch. You'll scare her away," he says teasingly.

"Oh, stop." She pulls apart and rubs his arms lovingly before looking over at Mac and I who are still planted next to the car, staring at the encounter in shock. "Mac?"

I put my hand behind Mac's back and push her forward toward Daniel. "Ah, yeah, that's me. The knocked up one," she says nervously, gesturing her hand in the air around her stomach. I shake my head, biting my lip to stifle a laugh knowing that Mac can be a real smartass when she's nervous. This is going to be interesting if not a little bit fun to watch.

Daniel's father laughs as he steps forward to greet his son with a handshake. "Good to see you, son. Was it a nice drive out?"

"Yeah, it was. I had to calm down my girl a few times. She seems to think you're scary." He turns around, holding his arm out to Mac who latches on to him tightly, wrapping her arm around his waist like he's her lifeline. She holds out the bouquet of flowers she bought for Daniel's mother.

"They're beautiful, Mac. Almost as pretty as you. And who might you be?" she asks, looking over at me.

"I'm Kate, Mac's best friend," I reply cheerfully.

"Oh yes, Daniel has told me about you as well. I hope you're not too sad to be losing a roommate."

"Ah, what?" Mac asks, looking up at Daniel questioningly.

I see him wince then rake his spare hand through his hair. He leans down and whispers something in Mac's ear. I see her whole body relax-whatever he's just told her, it has done the trick. I really need to talk to her about not stressing out so much.

"Now then, let's get inside so I can get to know my future daughter-in-law," Daniel's mom says before turning toward the house and walking up the stairs again.

HOLY FUCKBALLS!

I look over at Daniel and Mac. Daniel's wide eyes are pointing back at me, and Mac's shoulders are tense again. Damage control round two required stat! I take a few large steps, and I'm immediately at Mac's side just as she turns to me and tries to wiggle out of Daniel's firm grip.

"Not letting you go so you can freak out again. You can thank me later with that blow job you promised. Until then, we'll try to deflect any long term commitment grenades my mother might throw our way. For the record," he says, talking to both of us, "we've already talked about moving in together, Mac. And Kate, you know that we'd talk to you before any decisions were made. But if you can't tell, my mother is obviously trying to speed things up so that her youngest son is not living in sin and having a child out of wedlock. It's her deal, not mine. I don't have an issue with it, never will."

Good god, that man is a miracle worker.

"Okay," Mac says, burrowing herself deeper into his side just as Daniel's mom turns and looks down at us.

"Come now, we don't bite!"

"Much," Daniel says under his breath, breaking the mood as he leads us up the stairs behind his dad.

"He's right, you know. She's all bark and no bite, and I should know," Daniel's dad says with a wink. "Although, when she does bite, I don't complain either."

Wow, Daniel and his dad are two peas in a pod. Handsome, funny, and dirty minded. Mac's giggle lets me know that she is thinking the same thing.

"After you, ladies," Daniel says with a grin, smacking Mac's ass when we reach the door.

"Watch it Danny Boy, or all promises of previously aforementioned sexual relations will be retracted." Mac turns to face Daniel, putting both hands on her hips.

"Low blow, Mac," he whispers in her ear, wrapping one arm around her waist and resting his other hand on top of her baby bump. "You should be nice to the mini superhero's daddy. The baby's listening you know."

"And our mini super heroine's daddy also knows that I never make a promise I won't keep. So daddy better help me get through today if he wants to get his daddy reward later on."

"And that, my friends, is my cue to leave," I say loudly, walking ahead into a large living room where Daniel's parents are waiting for us.

"You have a beautiful home, Mrs. Winters," I remark, walking toward a wall of windows overlooking a private lake. "You have a lake?"

Mr. Winters chuckles. "We have access to the lake, but there are about six other properties that back onto it as well. And please, call us Will and Jenny. Mr. and Mrs. Winters makes us sound old."

"Oh, okay, Will." I feel myself blush. "But thank God it's not yours. I was starting to think I was in the presence of royalty or something. I mean who owns their own lake," I explain, flailing my hand toward the lake as I turn back around. "Next you'll be telling me you own a country club or something too."

Suddenly Daniel clears his throat, and I snap my head towards him. The smirk on his face tells me that I've just put my foot in my mouth again. "Oh no, don't tell me you do own the local country club as well?"

This time it's Jenny that corrects me. "Well, no dear. But we are members, and Will is on the board."

"Wow, that's awesome. So are the other Winters children coming today?" I look over at the wall of the living room and see photo upon photo of Daniel and his brother and two sisters. Photos from high school, college graduation, family holidays...you name it, there was a photograph taken and displayed.

"No, not today. I didn't want to scare Mac with the whole family just yet. Daniel has just found her, I don't want her running off again."

Sheesh, is there anything this woman doesn't know?

"Aww, look Superman, you were so cute!" Mac says excitedly, walking over to the photo wall to take a closer look. Surprisingly, she doesn't freak out over Jenny's comment.

"Superman?" Jenny asks inquisitively.

"Ah, yeah mom, Superman. It's Mac's nickname for me," he replies sheepishly.

"I don't think I want to know why. I think we should move out onto the patio and start lunch. What do you think, Mac? Is my grandchild hungry?"

"Always, Jenny. I'm surprised I'm not the size of a house yet. Maybe even as big as this house," she adds, fidgeting with her hands in a totally non Mac way. She's so nervous; it's almost cute.

I scoff at her, earning a scowl in my direction. I poke my tongue out at her, succeeding in making her grin.

"Oh rubbish. You're glowing. I swear, I didn't put on more than ten pounds when I was carrying Daniel, and I ate everything in sight. William can tell you all about that."

I hear Daniel chuckle and see Mac look up at him incredulously. "And what are you laughing about?"

"Sorry, but I'm sure it was just last night you wanted to send me out for Tiramisu from that restaurant Kate was at, and I compromised by getting some Ben and Jerry's for you."

"Shut it. Your parents don't need to know that about me," she says in a low growl which just makes the rest of us laugh louder. I giggle when she crosses her arms across her chest, making sure that her displeasure is known to all, but it only serves to make Daniel laugh harder.

"Anything you want, any time you want it, gorgeous. Proved that quite a few times already." He kisses her forehead and leads her outside to the patio, pulling out her seat and pushing it back in.

I follow behind them and sit down on the other side of Mac so that Daniel and I are flanking her, even though I'm confident that the chance of an epic level five Mac freak-out has greatly diminished.

Jenny follows us out on to the patio, taking a seat at the head of the table next to Daniel and pours herself a drink of iced tea. "Mac, that's nothing. You only sent him out for one thing? Darling, I clearly need to teach you some tricks. You need to get them to pick up a few options in the one trip. It covers all the bases."

I see Mac smile and take Daniel's hand underneath the table. "Great idea, Jenny. I'll have to remember that for next time the mini super heroine demands something." She looks over at Daniel when she says that, goading him.

"Mini super heroine?" William asks.

"Yeah, Dad. See, Mac here told me of a certain Superman fantasy and the nickname for me has kind of stuck. So now I'm sure we're having a mini superhero, but Mac is certain it's a super heroine."

He chuckles. "Quite the character, Mac, aren't you?"

"That she is," Daniel muses, lifting up Mac's hand and kissing it gently.

I shiver at the intimacy.

The only time I thought I was close to getting that was with Liam. He was gorgeous, kind, funny, thoughtful and so attentive...I thought I'd won the boyfriend lottery. In reality, six months of staying in and never going out in public together soon got old. He always wanted to come to my place, and not once did I ever see his apartment that he told me was just off Madison Avenue. Whenever I suggested we go out, he'd distract me with mind-blowing sex and loving endearments.

One night, Mac and I went out to a new bar that had opened up near the salon I was working at, and stumbled across Liam and his gorgeous, equally smitten fiance as they were celebrating their engagement with friends. A face slap, and a drink in the face later, I was single again and a little mortified that I'd wasted six months on a man who was nothing more than the slime at the bottom of a frog's pond.

This is why I'm having trouble even talking about my date with Spencer. I feel totally stupid for falling for that shit for a second time, even if he did hide it well right up until that phone call. If you wondered what started my three date rule, there's your sign! And unlike the many dates I've had since Liam, it hasn't let me down since.

After a delicious and event free lunch, Mac visibly relaxes and fully engages with both of Daniel's parents. They talk about their country club, the gated community where they lived, and Daniel's two sisters and brother who I discovered are all older than him. His sisters are married with children, and his brother is thirty, single, and living it up large in New York.

"Well now," Jenny announces, standing up and walking toward Mac and I at the other end of the table. "How about us girls go look at all of the embarrassing baby photos I have of Daniel, and we leave the men to talk about manly things."

"Now this I've got to see," Mac says, rubbing her hands with glee before she stands and grabs my hand, pulling me behind her as we follow Jenny back inside. "Come with me. You're my protection if she tries any super mom tricks on me."

Okay, so maybe there is still a chance of a freak-out. But seeing naked baby Superman photos will soon make up for it.

Chapter 9: "Changes"

KATE

It's been a few days since Mac's successful and mainly incident-free meeting of Daniel's parents. I was actually very proud of her. For someone who has only recently opened her heart and her mind to a partner, she was herself. Albeit a little toned down, but she was still Mac, my funny, loving, and crazy best friend, and Daniel's parents clearly loved her.

I was sitting at the salon at lunch time, talking to my g*y boyfriend, Nathan, about my weekend, when I get a text from Mac asking if we could have a girls' night tonight.

Kate: Sure. Everything okay?

Mac: Of course. Just wanted to catch up. Oh, and I figured a Suits marathon was in order since I have recently developed a penchant for hot men in suits.

Kate: Riiiiiiight. Well, sounds good. Shall we order in then? What will the little superhero be requesting?

Mac: Superheroine!!!! Get it right. I'm thinking pizza from that parlor around the corner, our normal place.

Kate: Awesome. Looking forward to it.

"Girls' night with Mac?" Nathan asks around a mouthful of his sandwich.

"Yep. Usually she's at Daniel's place, or they're at ours. We haven't had a girls' night in a long time."

"Are handsome g*y men with a love of rom coms and chocolate allowed at girls' nights?"

"Maybe, depends what the handsome g*y man is willing to bring to the table," I say with a cheeky grin.

"Normally it would be two out of the three important c's, cronuts and chardonnay, but lucky for you, it promises to be a very lucky night for me. I have a date with a six-foot tall, hard as rock body, Puerto Rican man who has expressed an interest in all things Nate. So it looks as if I might get a C of my own tonight."

I clap my hands in glee like a barking seal at Sea World. "Nate, that's great. That's definitely a better offer than drinking with me while I gossip with my pregnant bestie."

Nate is a man whore who seeks out fellow man whores. We bonded instantly over a love of hair and cronuts. Cronuts are the genius combination of a donut and a croissant, filled with vanilla cream. Seriously, he introduced me to the glorious pastry and my ass has been cursing him ever since. Of course, Nate says my ass has never looked so good, so I keep him around as my personal ass motivation coach. Every girl needs one of those.

"Yes, well one can only live in hope that the promise of him is just as good as the reality. You'd know all about that, wouldn't you?"

"Unfortunately yes, but in my experience, the promises are always full of crap," I say despondently.

Nate leans over and wraps his arm around my shoulder, pulling me into his side. "He's out there, Kate. Your paths just haven't crossed at the right time. Just you wait, I bet he'll sweep you off your feet, and you won't even realize it's happening until you're head over heels."

I sigh loudly. "If only."

Zander

It's been three days of radio silence. Well, internet silence. Three days. She hasn't logged in or replied to my messages or anything.

Shit, when did I turn into a pu**y? It's only been three days.

The thing is, when she logged off suddenly on Saturday night, our conversation was just starting to get interesting. I was already worried after I had to reject her when she suggested we meet up, but it's too soon. I need to build our connection a bit more, get to know each other more before we meet up and she realizes that it's me.

By Tuesday morning, I've had enough. So I decide to take action, even if it means outing myself as Kate's new internet admirer.

"Hello?"

"Hey, Mac, it's Zander."

"Ah yep, kinda got that from my caller ID," she replies with a giggle.

"Yeah, good point. So um, I wanted to ask you something."

"Dude, you know I'm pregnant with a super baby right?"

I chuckle. I've definitely missed Mac's sass. "Yes, I'm very aware of that. No way I'm going up against a superhero. I'm actually calling about Kate."

The line goes deathly quiet. If I thought I had radio silence before, that was nothing compared to the sudden hush in my ear.

"Okay, Zan, you've got about two minutes to tell me everything before I decide whether to kick your ass or not. Was it you that she went out with on Saturday?"

"What? No!" Then it hit me that Kate had mentioned that she'd had a horrific night. "Wait, what happened Saturday night?"

"I don't know, that's the point. She had a date with someone called Spencer. It was a last minute thing, and she kind of jumped into it head first without doing the normal chatting and finding out about him. It was as if she were feeling bad, so she took the first date offered. He asked her out after a few messages, and she agreed straight away, but then came home Saturday night, got drunk, and acted like everything was fine on Sunday when we met Dan's parents."

"Wait up. You met Daniel's parents? Wow, Mac, that's awesome! How did it go? "

"Well there were no major freak-outs if that's what you're asking. It was great, his parents are lovely."

"So next comes marriage..."

"What? Hell no! Take it back!" I can't hold back my laughter now. It's good to see that Mac hasn't totally changed. Then she corners me. "But hang on. Why are you suddenly so worried about Kate?"

I stutter for a bit before answering. "Ah, yeah, well, we've kind of been talking on Chicago Singles-"

"Oh my god! That's why you asked me about her internet dating? That's so cool! So why have you only been chatting? It's not as if you're strangers. You guys could be dating already, and then we could go on double dates. Holy shit, this is awesome."

Like I expected, Mac is blowing this way out of proportion.

"Mac, babe, she doesn't know it's me."

"What do you mean she doesn't know it's you?"

"She knows me as nightdancer23"

She suddenly starts laughing-insane, crazy woman laughing. "Oh. My. God. You call yourself nightdancer23?"

"Yes. What the hell, Mac?" I'm getting a little annoyed now. The internet dating part of the story is not important right now.

"How has she not figured it out? It's so obvious! Night dancer, stripper?"

"I don't know. But that's not the point, Mac," I reply tersely.

"No, not really," she says with a sigh. "So why haven't you told her?"

"I've been wanting to tell her, but I wanted to get to know her first, give her a chance to get to know me without the baggage that is you and me," I explain.

"Zan, I get it, I really do. And because it's Kate, it is actually a good play. But dude, she's my best friend. You've got to come clean with her, or else it's going to backfire on you and it won't be pretty. She's big on honesty and trust. Like HUGE. They're deal breakers for her."

Fuck, I feel like an idiot now. Maybe I've screwed this whole thing up before getting a chance to be with Kate; without showing her the kind of man she deserves to be with.

"So am I, Mac. I just didn't think she'd give me a chance if she knew who I was."

"You should also know that she wants her happily ever after. If you're looking for a quick lay, then you're going after the wrong girl."

"I'm not looking for a quick lay," I growl down the phone. "And I wouldn't use Kate for that. She's worth way more than a one night stand."

"Eeeek. You like her!" she states, rather emphatically down the phone.

"What I've seen so far of her, yes, of course I do. What is not to like, Mac? And I want to find out more. Which is why I rang you. She told me she'd had a horrific night on Saturday night, which would be that date. I tried finding out what happened, but she wouldn't share. Then she got drunk, we played a question and answer game, and just when it started getting interesting, she bailed and hasn't been online since," I explain. "And she's usually on at least once a day, and she isn't replying to my messages. Unfortunately, I've now got more pressing things to deal with, like finding a new place."

"What? What happened?"

"Would you believe that Zach was entertaining and forgot about the dinner he was cooking to impress her? Left him with a burnt dinner and a burnt kitchen." I have to laugh because if I don't, I'll go crazy. Only Zach could be so focused on getting laid that he'd forget about dinner and burn the kitchen down. Right now I'm staying at a motel until I can find something else.

Radio silence comes back with a vengeance. So much so, that I pull the phone away from my head to check that the call was still connected.

"I got it. Be at my place 8 p.m. tonight."

"What the hell, Mac? I can't crash at your place. What will Daniel say?"

"Ah, actually, Daniel will be a very happy man. I'll explain tonight. Promise you'll be there."

"Yes, I'll be there. But what about Kate?"

"I'll sort Kate out as well. All you have to do is turn up looking as hot as you usually do and everything will work out perfectly."

"Mac..."

"Zan, trust me. This will all work out."

I hang up the phone, hoping like hell that Mac is right. Because right now, I'm out of options.

Chapter 10: "Too Close"

KATE

I get home just after six and walk through the door to find Mac at the stove, cooking. What the hell? Mac is not a cook, she doesn't even bake. She's definitely not a chip off her mother's block because Mrs. Lewis can cook, and I mean cook. But Mac...well, she must have skipped the line in heaven when they were handing out cooking ability and gone straight to the big boobs line, or the high sex drive line. Either-or.

"Welcome home, honey," Mac says cheerfully. Too cheerfully.

I eye her suspiciously. "Hey."

"Oh, don't be like that. Can't your best friend cook you a nice dinner for once?"

"Yes, a best friend can do that when they can cook, and when their name isn't Makenna Lewis."

"Oh ye of little faith."

"I have little faith because I've tasted your cooking if you can call it that."

She turns around and faces me, putting her hands on her hips. "Well, lucky for us, Danny boy cooked this before he went back to his place."

"Oh, thank the lord for Superman. He saves the day again," I reply with a huge grin. "You could take lessons, you know. Surprise Daniel one night by cooking a tasty meal that doesn't give him food poisoning."

"It was one time! God, you guys will never let me live that down, will you? It's not my fault that the shrimp were past their expiration date."

I walk into the kitchen and grab a wine glass, pouring myself a nice big glass of Merlot. "It kind of is, you know. Number one rule of cooking, fresh ingredients. Oh, and the ability to actually cook helps a lot too." I wink before ducking a flying dish towel.

"I miss wine," she says, eyeing my glass with envy as she takes a seat at the kitchen counter.

"C'mon, you wouldn't change it for the world."

"Nope, to be honest, I wouldn't. And after the ultrasound in a week or so, we can finally confirm that it is a girl and not a boy, and I'll be a happy mama," she states proudly, rubbing her rounded belly with glee.

"You'd better be careful. Some of that southern twang is rubbing off on you," I giggle, knowing that she'll take the bite.

"I'll have you know that I love that southern twang rubbing off on me. Anywhere, anytime."

"Gross! It's bad enough I have to listen to it. I don't need to be told about it, especially when I'm not getting any."

Mac suddenly gets a suspicious look on her face, a look that fills me with dread and also makes me wonder what the hell she's up to.

"What's this all about, Mac? You, cooking me dinner, planning an impromptu girls' night in...what's the deal?"

She feigns shock and gasps in mock horror. "I'm hurt, and frankly, disappointed that you'd doubt my intentions, Kate. Can't I have a nice night in with my best friend? Since Daniel and I got back together, I know I've been a bit slack at this whole roommate thing, so I wanted to make up for it. You've always been there for me through everything, and I think it's time I was here for you." Her voice breaks.

I put my glass down and round the kitchen counter, wrapping my arms around her from behind. "I know you're always here for me. Whether you're with Daniel at his place, or with him here. You're like the sister I never had, and Daniel is like my adopted big brother. Please don't feel bad because you're happy. You deserve happiness," I add, with an extra squeeze. My eyes fill with tears. I'm going to end up being a blubbering mess.

"Now, can we stop this cry fest and eat? I'm starving!" Mac announces.

Having eaten our way through garlic bread, lasagna and a delicious baked cheesecake for dessert, both Mac and I are parked up in the living room, claiming a couch each as we lie down in food comas, watching some crazy game show on television where people are training to become ninjas.

"I could never be a ninja. My big belly would get in the way," Mac muses.

"I don't want to be a ninja. Although, I'd always be willing to date a ninja. Can you imagine the positions that they could get into? Oh my god, I just thought of one. The reverse saddle ninja!"

Mac sits up excitedly and faces me, bending one leg under the other. "No, wait! Can you imagine a ninja doing downward facing doggie style? They could probably hang upside down from the roof while f**king you. That would be awesome," she says with a laugh.

"I know! Instead of the Vibrating V, it would be the Ninja Nooner, or Ninja Nookie!" I say, struggling to talk through my laughter.

Mac looks at her phone briefly before putting it down and looking at me.

"Everything okay?" I ask, looking at her phone.

"Oh... yeah, great. Just checking the time. But right now, we need to talk about you." Mac sits up and rests her hands on her stomach. I'm kind of envious of her right now, but I won't admit that.

"Why's that?" I say, intrigued. Definitely didn't see the conversation shifting from ninja sex to me. If I were having ninja sex, I'd be a happy camper. Actually, sex of any kind would be happily accepted right now. Anything other than the one handed dialing of the ol' pink telephone. I should be buying my batteries in bulk with the frequent use my purple, pearl vibrator has been getting this year.

"Hon, what happened with that Spencer dude? And don't say nothing. You haven't talked about him, and you came home early on Saturday night and drank yourself into a tequila fueled stupor before crashing out and suffering from the mother of all hangovers on Sunday."

Ok, she's got me there. How do I explain this without hearing I told you so? Is it even possible?

"Well, after I sent you the text saying everything was okay, we had a lovely entree and then the mains arrived. He was sweet and attentive, and was asking all the right questions, and I really thought he wanted to get to know me. It was going really well..."

"So? What happened then?"

"He answered a phone call from his wife during the main course," I say, biting my lip as I await the expected outburst from my best friend. The outburst that doesn't come. Her face goes soft, and she looks at me with tears in her eyes.

"Oh, hon. I'm so sorry." She gets up and sits down on the couch beside me, putting her hand on my leg. "It sounded as if it was going so well. Despite your freak-out early on," she adds with a slight smile.

I let out the breath I was holding. "It was going okay, but it seems that he was just looking for an extra-curricular activity, or maybe another one. I'm starting to think that the waitress was acting weird because he does this often."

"He's a slime ball, and I hope he gets crab infested nuts!"

"Me too. Anyway, I think I might like someone else..."

"Hang on, what? Have I been so self-absorbed that I've missed a new man in your life? I'm so sorry, hon. Seriously, I suck!" Mac says, shaking her head.

"No! You're fine. Great, roundly awesome."

"Did you just call me 'roundly awesome'?" She looks at me in shock.

"Maybe," I reply with a giggle.

"Oh no, you didn't," she says with a shake of her head.

"Anyway, I've met someone online. Well, not met him, but I've been talking to him for a few weeks now and he's pretty cool. Down to earth, easy to talk to, and he's funny and kind of dirty. Well, in my drunken haze on Saturday night I remember him being dirty, but I freaked out on him and haven't spoken to him since."

I expect to get an earful about how I'm setting myself up for a fall, and how I should give this internet dating ruse up, but I don't. I look over and see an all knowing grin on Mac's face.

"What? No Makenna lecture about life? No I told you so speech?"

She holds her hands up in surrender. "Nope. I'm not saying anything. This guy sounds pretty cool. Why haven't you met up with him yet?"

I sigh. "That's the thing. I suggested on Saturday morning that maybe we should meet up, but he said that he'd like to get to know each other a bit better first. I mean, when did I become the guy in all of this?"

"I dunno, but it's kind of sweet, don't you think? He's not just looking to get laid. Well, if he is, he's willing to put the leg work in first. You'd gotta give him credit for that."

"I suppose. I didn't really think of it like that. To be honest, he's been pretty laid back and easy going. And when we chat, it is effortless. There's no pretending, no thinking required. It just comes naturally."

"Isn't that what you want in a relationship? Easy, effortless, natural? That's what Daniel and I have. Well, now we do." She's blushing. It's cute that they miss each other even when they've probably only been apart for a few hours.

"That is what I want. I just think I'm a bit impatient. And horny, definitely freaking horny."

"Well you do have the three date rule for a reason. It worked for me and as much as I resented it at the time, I wouldn't change a thing about it now. So how about you take your time with this guy? Feel him out before you get to feel him out if you know what I mean." She winks, then starts to stand when there is a knock at the door.

"Oh, I wonder who that is?" she says, walking toward the door.

I frown in confusion. She opens the door and all I can see is the 6 ft. 2, dirty-blond haired star of my sexy dreams with a satchel across his shoulder and a huge duffel bag in his hand.

Forgive me, God.

I think I'm about to kill my best friend.

Chapter 11: "Funhouse"

ZANDER

When Mac opens the door, my eyes dart from her big smile to Kate who's sitting on the couch behind her. It hits me that she had no clue that I was coming over, let alone staying for a few weeks.

"Come in," Mac says cheerfully. I step inside and drop my bags by the door. "Kate, you remember Zander, don't you?"

"Ah, yeah, of course. Hi, Zander."

The way she says my name sounds like sex dipped in honey and I can't take my eyes off her. She's wearing a hot as hell V-neck red blouse that makes her fiery red hair appear brighter if that's even possible. She's more beautiful than I remember; she's the woman from my fantasies, and she's sitting right in front of me.

"Hey. The bemused look on your face makes me think you weren't expecting visitors?" I look at Mac and see a guilty but gleeful spark in her eye. She's trying to play stealth matchmaker, and Kate is the innocent party who has no clue.

"Not exactly, but I've never stopped Mac from inviting her friends over," Kate says, shrugging her shoulders.

"Come sit down, Zan. Do you want a beer? I have a Millers in the fridge, and I'm sure Daniel won't mind." Mac points to the couch while walking toward the fridge.

"Sound goods, babe." Shit, I'm so used to calling Mac that. I should probably stop.

"So, what are the bags for?" Kate asks with interest as I sit down.

"Well-" I start to explain before Mac jumps in, handing me the beer bottle.

"Zander's idiot roommate burned their kitchen, so their apartment is smoke damaged as well as kitchen-less."

"Oh, shit. I hope he's okay," Kate says, bringing her hand up to her mouth.

"It's alright, they're safe. Zach was entertaining and got sidetracked," I say with a laugh. At least I can laugh about it now. I was not laughing last night when I got home from the gym to find my building surrounded by fire engines and a sheepish looking Zach and his mortified lady friend standing on the sidewalk. "The smoke alarms went off, and they were able to get dressed and get out. Zach's just embarrassed about the whole thing now. The firefighters were pretty pissed when they found out the reason for the fire though," I explain.

"Well, that's lucky. So what are you going to do?" Kate asks, leaning forward toward me. I don't miss the body language, or the sly full body scan either. Seems my firebird likes what she sees, THANK GOD! It would make things even more awkward if she was pissed at me.

I look over at Mac, waiting for her to say something. "So I was going to talk to you about it tonight, but we kind of got side tracked with ninja sex talk and food comas," Mac explains. "But I offered Zander my room for the next few weeks while I trial living with Daniel. I didn't think you'd mind since you know Zan and you know I wouldn't let just anyone move in. I know I should've run it by you first, but it was kind of fortuitous since I was already thinking about my living situation given this." She circles her rather round pregnant belly with her hand.

"Wow, you're getting kind of big there, Mac. How many you got in there?" I ask, genuinely interested.

"You did not just call me big, Zan. That's like the number one rule when dealing with a hormonal pregnant woman. NEVER call them big. Like EVER. You'd better watch out because we've been watching ninja wannabes tonight. I'm sure I could kick your hot ass."

"You're not allowed to call my ass hot anymore, Mac. And anyway, you've got your own personal superhero. No man can compare to Thor, or whatever his name is. What do you call him again?"

"Superman! Anyway, Kate, what do you think?"

I look back to Kate, realizing that Mac and I just slipped straight back into our old playful banter that never fails to make me laugh.

"God, you two are funny. Don't stop on my account," Kate says, sitting back and looking at the two of us.

"Oh, stop! It's because he's younger than us and so immature," Mac retorts, poking her tongue out at me.

"Sorry, triplets was it?" I reply with a smirk.

Kate and I crack up laughing at the same time when Mac pouts and whispers sweet nothings to her belly about how mean Uncle Zander is being and not listening to me before standing up.

"I'm just going to grab my bag and call Danny boy to come pick me up. I'll come back and show you where everything is after that. Zan, is that alright? You okay with this, Kate? I know this is all very sudden," she asks with a raised brow.

"Yeah. It's sweet. You need to get over yourself and just move in with Superman already, so this trial will be good for you, and I know it'll make Daniel happy."

"See, Zan, this is why I love this girl," Mac says, bending down to kiss Kate's cheek before heading down the hallway.

"Anyway, I'm fine with you staying," Kate says to me in a quiet voice. "I just hope it's not uncomfortable for you to stay here with me. You know, after that night." I look at her in shock. I see her knee bouncing ever so slightly, and then my gaze hits her face and I'm taken aback by how nervous she looks. She's biting her lip, and it's one of the sexiest things I've ever seen.

I'm done for.

A thousand cold showers couldn't stop the party starting in my pants now. All I can think about is lightly scraping my teeth along her bottom lip before soothing the sting with my tongue. Thoughts of holding her in my arms, her naked body flush against mine, fill my head.

I realize that I haven't responded to her, and dammit, she definitely needs a response if she thinks for one minute that I'm uncomfortable around her. I lean toward her, waiting until I have her attention before clearing things up.

"Babe, there is nothing that has happened that would make me uncomfortable around you. Not one damn thing. If anything, I want to get to know you better, so get that out of your pretty little head, and we'll be fine. Absolutely fine."

Her shoulders visibly relax as she lets out a smooth sigh of relief, and I definitely don't miss the sly smile she shoots my way. This little stay of mine might just be more fun than I thought.

Game well played, Mac. Game well played.

KATE

What the hell has Mac done to me?

I could hardly say no to Zander staying in her room, could I? What with him being here in my living room and all, right in front of me, looking hot as sin and giving me the lady boner from hell.

Yes, a lady boner. Mac and I decided late one drunken night a few years ago that lady boners did exist and that although they, unfortunately, were a rare occurrence, they were a fact; definitely not fiction.

But I digress.

He turned up wearing a black police academy issue t-shirt that clung to his body like any hot blooded woman would, and distressed jeans that made him look all man. What the hell was I thinking when I let this man just tuck me into bed and leave? Had I been sober, or at least a little less drunk, I would have pressed the point and tied him to my bed for the night. I've never seen a more handsome-no, scratch that-a more beautiful man in my entire life. It's as if he's gotten even more attractive in the few months since I saw him last. Now I can't look at him without calling him the God of Gorgeousness-G.O.G in my head.

When Mac told me the plan, I was a little irritated. I mean, we're roommates, and both of our names are on the lease, so all decisions about the living arrangements and inhabitants of the house are up to the two of us. Hear that? The TWO of us. So for Mac to offer up her room to a friend without talking it over with me kind of annoyed me at first. But once I'd heard that Zander was temporarily homeless, and thankfully that nobody was hurt in the fire, my annoyance dissolved. Then embarrassment and trepidation crept in. What if he felt uncomfortable because of me? Because of my unwanted advances on him? What if this were his last and only option other than fork out for an expensive stay at a hotel?

But all of that faded away when he floored me. The declaration he made reminded me of all those panty dropping moments you read in romance novels. He rendered me speechless. Firstly, he called me babe. I know he's always called Mac babe, but straight away, he's calling me that too. I'm not sure if that is a good thing or not. I also couldn't stop looking into those gorgeous blue eyes of his and remembering my sex dream from last week. Okay, so it's the same sex dream that has been on repeat in a variety of different scenes and forms for the past week. Dream Zander has had me spread out in front of him while he does wickedly good things to my body in bed, in the bath, on the kitchen counter... there was even one where he has me in a park!

When he caught me blushing, I swear I saw a knowing gleam in his eyes.

"Well, I need to um, get into the shower and get an early night, but Mac will show you where everything is, and maybe we'll catch up tomorrow night after work, yeah?" I stumble across my words. My desire to run far far away from this, whatever this is showing itself in my words. Self-preservation 101.

"Sure, whatever you need to do. I don't want to be in your way or anything."

"Zan, it's good. I'd rather have someone here then come home to an empty house every night. And Mac needs to do this, to move on with her life. It's not as if she's got time to waste, right?"

He watches me stand up, his eyes a mixture of confusion and concern that shoots straight through me. Fuck! This is going to be the longest two weeks of my life.

"Well, goodnight then. Let me know if there's anything you need or can't find. My home is your home and all that," I say hurriedly, waving my hand around in the air.

"Goodnight, Kate. Sleep well," he murmurs behind me as I walk away.

Well, I'm glad that wasn't awkward or anything.

Popping my head into Mac's room, I see her sitting on the bed zipping up her suitcase when I hear Daniel's voice come from the living room. Looks as if I escaped just in time.

"You and I will need to have a talk tomorrow," I say in a loud whisper. She looks up at me and gives a half-hearted smile that doesn't quite reach her eyes because they're filled with tears.

I'm being totally selfish.

My best friend is taking another step in her journey to living in a healthy and committed relationship, and moving in with the man of her dreams is bringing back bad memories from a past where the man wasn't what he seemed, and a story that didn't end well. "Aww hon. I'm sorry. I wasn't even thinking about it until just now."

A sob escapes her throat as I rush to her side and cuddle her into me. "I'm.... happy... it's just..... just..... oh, I don't know! The end of an era!" She waves her spare arm around dramatically.

"I'm not going anywhere, Mac. You're moving out to start your new life with Superman and your little super baby. Daniel is nothing like the men of your past. He is the man of your future, and there isn't anybody else I'd trust more to send you off to live with. He's it, hon. He's your happily ever after, so enjoy it. Then sit back and watch the tragedy that is my never ending search for mine."

She giggles and looks over at me, wiping her eyes profusely. "Damn leaky eye syndrome. They should warn you about this shit in sex ed. Don't worry about the boobs, swollen va-jay-jay and cankles...that I can handle. This leaky eye crap? Nope."

"God, I'm gonna miss the Mac crazy train every day."

"I'll still be here, like, all the time. You do know that, right? You'll have to wrench my house keys out of my hot puffy sausage fingers to get them back."

"You do not have puffy sausage fingers. You're beautiful, Mac. Now, how 'bout we talk about Zander."

"He was caught short, and since you already know him, I figured it would be okay. I'm sorry, I can ask him to leave if you want-"

"No! I mean...it's okay. He's your friend, and I know he's a good guy. I'm sure he'll be a great temporary roomie. A heads up would've been nice though, Mac, that's all I'm saying." I shoot her a fake angry frown with squinty eyes, which just makes her grin like an idiot.

"Duly noted. Well, I better go save Zander from Daniel. I know he'll be sweet, but he is an ex-lover, and as understanding as Danny boy is, I don't want to tempt fate. By the way, please tell me you can come with me to the ultrasound?"

"Of course, I'll just schedule my lunch break around it. I wouldn't miss it for the world."

"Okay." We stand up, and I wrap my arms around her just as I feel a little kick against my stomach. "Oh my god!" I say, my voice cracking.

"It seems our mini superhero loves her Aunt Kate too," Mac says with a smile.

And just for a moment, I think of Mac and her baby, and forget all about the fact that the man of my fantasies-the God of Gorgeousness and the witness to my most mortifying drunken behavior to date-will be sleeping in the room next to me for the next few weeks.

Fun and games.

Chapter 12: "Walk of Shame"

ZANDER

After Kate goes to bed-a clear avoidance tactic which I let her have-I sit in the lounge taking in my new surroundings. I hadn't been looking forward to coughing up for a hostel or motel room for the time it was going to take for our apartment to be repaired, but since my family now lived in Indiana, there weren't many other options.

There is a fairly new 40 inch television in the corner of the room with a brown wooden entertainment center. The couches are arranged so that both the three-seater couch and the armchair are facing toward it, and between them is an oak coffee table with a magazine rack full of chick magazines. I'm just about to pick up a Cosmo magazine which has an article proclaiming a 'three date rule' being the key to meeting Mr. Right, when the front door opens and a tall guy in workout gear strolls in.

"Hey, man," he says, greeting me. "You must be Zander."

He isn't smiling, but he isn't trying to kill me, so I'm still not sure whether this is the famous Daniel or not.

"I'm Daniel, Mac's boyfriend." Mystery solved.

He steps forward holding his hand out. I stand up and shake it, trying not to make this any more awkward than it has to be.

"So I hear you're getting a new roommate?"

"Yeah, took me long enough," he replies with a chuckle.

"Congrats. I'm happy for you both."

"Thanks." He walks over to the fridge and pulls out a beer. "Do you need another one?"

I pick up my bottle and gulp down the rest. "Never say no."

"Sucks about your apartment. Insurance covering it?" he asks, walking over and handing me a bottle.

"Yeah they are. I'm just glad the smoke alarms went off, otherwise who knows what would've happened."

"True," Daniel murmurs, turning his head when footsteps sound against the wooden hallway floor.

I look sideways to see Mac walking toward us with a huge suitcase being dragged behind her. Daniel slams his beer onto the kitchen counter and rushes to her side. "Gorgeous, no heavy lifting. Remember that bit? It means No. Heavy. Suitcases." He glares at her, but it loses its intensity the moment she grins at him.

"I only did it because my friendly neighborhood superhero was nowhere to be found." She leans forward and goes to kiss his cheek, but just before she makes contact, Daniel turns his head, and their lips meet. He wraps his arm around her waist as the kiss becomes more than a simple hello. I look away and take a mouthful of beer. I don't feel uncomfortable because I know why he's doing it.

Although there is no way in hell Mac and I will hook up, he's staking his claim, making it clear that she's with him now. I get it because if I were in his shoes, I'd do the same thing, but the woman I want to get to know better is in her room avoiding me.

I hear footsteps and turn around to see Mac standing beside me. "Zan, she's tired tonight, and I'm emotional which means she's emotional too, so just give her some time. Treat her with care. I get that you like her, and I know she likes you...well, the nightdancer version of you, which I hope is the real you."

"It's me, Mac. I haven't pretended to be anybody else," I say, trying to reassure her.

"That's good. Well, my room is your room, second door on the left down the hall. Door at the end is Kate's room. The bathroom between our rooms is shared, so just make sure you lock her bathroom door before you shower...or don't. Whatever you're into." She grins at me, and I know her mind has gone into the gutter, normally my favorite place for it to go. "Oh, and we combine food, so again, help yourself and then just sort out with Kate if you need anything picked up for you."

"Gorgeous, we'd better get going," Daniel says, dragging the suitcase to the door.

"Okay. See you soon, Zan." She steps forward and gives me a hug. Out of respect for Daniel, I anchor my arms to my side. "And good luck," she whispers in my ear before giving me a chaste kiss on the cheek and pulling away.

"Enjoy cohabitation, bab - uh, Mac." I smirk, and she sticks her tongue out at me before heading toward the door, putting her hand in Daniel's as he leads her out of the apartment.

And now I'm alone, in Mac's house for the next two weeks, and I don't have a clue how to proceed with my Kate plan. Mac seems confident that things will all work out, but me, not so much.

KATE

After I go to my bed and leave Mac to her packing, I double check the lock on her bathroom door and have a piping hot shower to try and clear my head, wondering how on earth I'm going to handle seeing Zander in my house every day for the next however long it is going to take for his apartment to be repaired.

Don't get me wrong, I feel for the guy, and tonight has proven that the attraction I have to him wasn't just a drunken lust-filled haze. It was real, as real enough as I've ever felt, but like a bucket of cold water to my soul, his rejection still stings.

Once out of the shower and dressed in my most comfortable pajamas, I lie in bed for what seems like forever, wondering where I've gone wrong with my latest two dates, with my previous lovers-not that there had been that many-and now, with the God of Gorgeousness sleeping only a bathroom away from me, how on earth I'm going to find my Mr. Right when everything I've been comparing them to is close enough for me to touch?

I'm knocked out of my thoughts by Mac's bathroom door shutting and the lock being turned on my adjacent door. Holy crap, he's in my shower! I mean our shower. He's going to be naked and soapy with hot water streaming down in lucky as hell rivulets, caressing every hard as rock plane on his body. Hell, just the thought of him naked and close to me has my girly bits tingling and demanding attention.

It's been way too long, Kate.

You want to touch yourself; imagine it's his hands instead of your own.

He's so close.

"Oh, f**k it," I whisper to myself, my words echoing around the room as I slip my hand down my body. One hand moves down under the waistband of my pajama bottoms, the other rubs over my tight aching ni**les as I squeeze gently, wondering whether Zander would use his hands first or else jump straight into using his mouth on me. As my fingers touch my body, I groan at how wet I feel. Just thinking of him has me drenched, and I haven't even come yet.

As my ministrations speed up, I hear a groan, albeit a quiet one, from behind the door and my mind goes crazy at the thought that he might be touching himself too. It's not all that surprising; I have two older brothers, so it's not a huge secret that males in the shower take matters into their own hands, and often. But imagining Zander doing it so close to me makes me hotter than ever. I sink a finger inside of me and have to turn my head into my pillow to stifle the whimper that escapes as my thumb zeros in on my swollen clit.

A few more strokes and the addition of another finger to fill me further has me writhing against my hand as I hear another groan from the bathroom. What if he wants me to hear him? Maybe he wants me to know what he sounds like. What if he's regretting that night as much as I am, but for different reasons? The thought that Zander may want me has me spiraling out of control and catapults me over the edge as I cry out and quickly bite my pillow as I ride out my orgasm, coming down from a spectacular high, the likes of which I've never experienced.

I hear the water shut off, and my cheeks flush with heat as I realize that if I could hear him, he definitely could have heard me. I wait until I hear the shower turn off and his bathroom door shut before jumping out of bed and cleaning myself up. When I'm finished, I bury myself under the covers and resume my errant thoughts until I can no longer keep my eyes open.

Well, if nothing else, at least my self-love sessions will be hotter.

Chapter 13: "I Can't Stay Away"

ZANDER

It's been ten days since I moved into Mac and Kate's apartment.

Ten nights since I heard her.

There was no mistaking the moans and whimpers coming from her room that night, and it just made me harder than ever. She sounded beautiful, but I wanted it to be me causing those sounds.

I didn't want to do that in Mac and Kate's shower. Don't get me wrong, I have no qualms about jerking off; I'm a man, we do it, it is no state secret, and knowing that she was just a few feet away touching herself would make even the most strong-willed man weak. And I didn't try to hide my own sounds. If I could hear her, there wasn't a shit show in hell I was going to pretend they weren't affecting me. Because when it came down to it, my firebird touching herself so close to me made me want to break through that wall and help her out, or put the fire out in my own unique way. Whatever she needed.

It's now Saturday which means a day off from the academy, and having worked three gigs last night, I have tonight off, so I've decided that it's time to make some progress with Kate. Since I've moved in, it has been very cordial and friendly, but I can tell she's avoiding me, and there has only been one message to nightdancer. It was a very quick explanation about how she was really busy, but that she hadn't forgotten about me and that she'd have more time on the weekend to chat. That's something, I suppose.

I'm not sure how that is going to work with us living together. I can't imagine being in the same room as her and chatting to her on the laptop, but thankfully, it hasn't become an issue...yet.

I need to start the day, so I get up and throw some clothes on before sleepily making my way out into the living area where I'm planning on enjoying the kick ass coffeemaker that Mac and Kate have.

I feel my phone vibrate against my leg, and after fixing my coffee, I see a text from Mac.

Mac: How's it going?

Zander: Great. You have the world's best bed. Why didn't I know about this earlier?

Mac: Because you're more into casual?

Zander: Says the queen of non-commitment?

Mac: Shut up! How are the apartment repairs coming along? Not that you have to move out, or anything, but just thought I'd check in.

Zander: Zach called me yesterday, damage is worse than first thought. It's going to be a few more weeks at least.

Mac: Bummer. Oh well, you've got my room as long as you need it. I'm loving this living with my man business, should've done it months ago! Anyway, did you see Kate this morning before work?

Zander: No, just got up. I assume she's left already.

Mac: Yeah she had to be at the salon at nine this morning to open up since the boss is away. She'll be home around five this evening. How are things going with her? When is your first date?

Zander: What first date?

Mac: God! You men are all the same.

Zander: I need to get her to talk to me first without avoiding me.

Mac: What do you mean?

Zander: She's been rather scarce since I moved in.

Mac: A week and a half and you've barely seen her?

Zander: Long story.

Mac: ARE YOU FREAKING KIDDING ME? How can I help you if I don't know everything?

Zander: Her story to tell, babe.

Mac: Well, I'll send you her number. You just need to spend time with her. There's no way she'll be able to resist your charms ;)

Zander: Maybe, or even see if she just wants to hang out.

Mac: That'll work too. Has she contacted nightdancer?

Zander: One quick brush off message saying she's busy and will talk soon.

Mac: Report back to me how things are going, including the internet thing.

Zander: Yes, Mom!

Mac: Quit it.

I grin as I run through what I need to do before Kate gets home tonight. Basically, it consists of a quick trip to the grocery store for supplies, and maybe a quick tidy up of the house to show that I'm house trained - my mom had one boy and three girls, so she made sure I could cook and clean before I left home.

Before I do any of that, I grab my protein powder from my room and make a shake for breakfast. I try to think about how to approach Kate tonight. If I come on too strong, she'll think it's all about sex, but too soft, and she'll think I only want to be friends, and there is no way that I'm going to be friend-zoned with her.

Grabbing my phone, I ring the one person who I know can help me with this.

"Zoe..."

"Hey, big bro, long time no hear. How's the big city?"

"It's good. How's the tattoo artist?" I ask with a smile.

"God, Mom has a big mouth. He's great. So I know you're not ringing me just to ask about my boyfriend."

"You caught me." I sigh dramatically. "No, I need a woman's opinion."

"Holy shit. Is this about the woman you told Mom about? You'd never ask me for dating advice." I can hear the shock in her voice, although it's laced with humor. She's loving this.

Out of all my sisters, Zoe is the only one I could trust with this kind of advice. Probably something to do with the fact we're only two years apart. When Dad died, we both stepped up and helped Mom get through it. We'd always been close, but living through something like that just brought us even closer.

"Yeah, something like that, Zo."

"So what do you want to know?"

"What do women like to do, to relax? Say, like, after a long day at work?"

"Um, ooookay. Totally not what I thought you were going to ask," she says with a giggle.

"Zo..."

"Alright, alright! Um, food, wine, trash television, foot massage, romantic comedies. Is that enough arsenal for you?"

It's moments like these that I'm glad to have three sisters.

"Thanks Zo, knew I could count on you. I better get going, but keep in touch. A random text here and there wouldn't go amiss."

"Yes, Zan, I will. And we're planning on coming up for your graduation-"

"What? Are you serious? That is awesome!"

"Shit, that was supposed to be a surprise. You can't tell Mom you know!" she pleads down the phone.

"Your secret is safe with me, little sis."

"Okay, Zan, love you."

"Love you too, Zo."

Hanging up the phone, I realize just how much I miss my family. They moved to Indiana for a new start, but it's not easy having your family so far away, especially when you're supposed to be protecting them, watching over them.

My mind shifts back to Kate. From what Mac has told me about her, she's a dreamer. She believes in finding her happily ever after, and all the men, the internet dating, is her search for perfection. It's a lot to live up to, but I'll be damned if I won't try and be everything she wants and needs. I just need her to give me an in; a shred of hope that she might want me too.

KATE

After a hell day at work, Nathan talks me into going out for a wine or two. Actually, it doesn't take much persuasion. I know it's the coward's way out, but I've been limiting my time at home since Zander moved in. I think of it as self-preservation. I'm protecting my eyes from his gorgeous body... his presence...hell, just the fact that I heard him in the shower has me blushing and that's not me. I'm definitely no prude. I'm not sure why it's so different with him.

Two glasses of wine with no food has me feeling happy, carefree, and a little bit tipsy. Nathan has me laughing so hard that my stomach muscles are sore. He's been busy telling me about his adventures with his Puerto Rican 'love machine'.

"Daaarling! This man's butt was so har-"

"TMI, I don't want to know!" I squeal as he just laughs at me.

"Kate, even you would be all over this man. He was fine from the hair on his head to the tips of his toes, and I made sure to pay attention to all of it, more than once."

"I'm happy for you, Nathan," I say with a resigned sigh. "I just wish lady love would shine her light my way."

"Kate, you're a hot mama. Hell, you've got a hot stud living with you and you're sitting here with your g*y boyfriend? What does that tell you?"

"That I'm avoiding him."

"And that if you're avoiding him, there is a reason. Maybe that reason is that you like him."

"Nathan, I-"

"No, honey, don't try to get out of this. Why are you avoiding him?"

"Because he doesn't want me."

"And you know this how?"

"Please don't make me say it." I look over the table at him, my eyes pleading for him to drop this.

"Ever since he's moved in, he's all you talk about, randomly dropping his name into conversations. He's on your mind more than you'd like to admit, and there's nothing wrong with that. What does Mac say about it?"

"She doesn't know. And I hate that she's moved out, and that I can't talk to her about this." I feel my eyes getting wet.

"She's moved out, but she hasn't cut you out of her life. And as for Zander, if you like him, isn't it worth taking a chance and actually spending time with the guy? You've got...what? At least a few more days of cohabitation with the God of Gorgeousness, right? Why not make the most of it? Get to know him, get to know each other. Hell, honey, worst-case scenario, you make a new friend. But think of all the potential positives."

Dammit, he makes a compelling argument.

"But what about the internet guy? Nightdancer?" I ask, honestly needing a male opinion on my confusing life.

"Honestly, I think you're putting too much pressure on yourself. You've seen Mac get her happy ending, or near enough, and it's just made everything more real for you." He leans over and puts his hand on top of mine, "You'll find your knight, princess. You just need to be patient, don't force it."

"You're right."

"Say that again, I didn't quite hear you," he replies with a smirk.

"Stop it," I say, lightly smacking his arm. "I think I'm going to go home. Wallow in self-pity and all that."

"Just stay open minded."

"I will. See you Monday?"

"Sure. I'm going to stay and go chat to that gorgeous bartender over there." He looks over my shoulder and winks.

I glance behind us to see a young, tanned man giving Nathan a flirty grin from behind the bar. "I see," I say with a smile before leaning over and kissing his cheek.

"You catching a cab?"

"Of course. Safety first."

I leave Nate behind with his barman, and luckily find a taxi waiting right outside the bar. On the ride home, everything Nate said hits me like a steam train. Is it my fault I'm single? Am I too closed off, too cautious, too boring even? Why are all my friends hooking up and not me?

Maybe my man radar is broken beyond repair. Maybe I'm destined to live a life filled with self-induced orgasms and doting on my best friend's baby.

Would that make me happy? Would I be fulfilled?

God! I've had too much wine to be thinking about life's big questions.

With a heavy heart, and my emotions threatening to bubble over, I walk into my apartment to find Zander watching a baseball game. His long tanned legs stretched out along the couch, his arm propped up under his head.

"Hey," I say, putting my purse down on the kitchen counter. Scanning the room, I'm surprised to find it sparkling clean. "Wow, you must've been bored today to clean up in here. Thank you, though. I appreciate it."

He rolls onto his stomach and catches me with a piercing gaze. "You're welcome, babe. Have you eaten?"

"No, but I'll grab something later. I'm just going to get changed." My voice cracks and I know he catches it. His brows furrow as he studies me, his face filling with concern.

"Kate, What's wr-"

"It's fine, Zan. I'll be out soon," I say before I rush down the hallway to my room.

Throwing my heels and work clothes off, I put on a tank and yoga pants, then collapse on my bed. Crying into my pillow, I let out everything that has been bottling up for the past few months; missing my best friend, my own feelings of inadequacy, being alone. Everything.

An hour later, I hear a soft knock on the door, and through blurry eyes I see Zander walking toward me. The bed shifts as he sits in the curve of my hips. I watch as he leans over and brushes my hair off my face and behind my ear.

"What's wrong?" he says, his voice soft and comforting. Everything I think.

"I....I'm fine, really," I reply.

"You can talk to me, you know. I want to help."

"I'm okay, or I will be. I think I just need to be alone." My voice is still shaky, and I can tell by the look on his face that he's not buying it.

"I know what you need, Fire...babe. Will you let me take care of you?"

I nod, not sure what he's talking about, but being too emotionally spent to contemplate anything other than accepting whatever he's about to do for me.

"Pancakes."

I shake my head. I totally misheard him. I must have. "What?"

"Pancakes for dinner. I come from a family of women. When one of them was hurt, upset, or even just a little bit down, we'd have pancakes for dinner. It's a weird Roberts' tradition. Don't knock it till you've tried it."

He gives me a womb clenching smile, and I know I'm in trouble. He's helping me, caring for me, and I can't resist it.

"Okay."

Chapter 14: "Damn, I Wish I Was Your Lover"

ZANDER

I know that something is up when she gets home a few hours after finishing work. The look on her face says it all. Most women can hide their emotions, but not my firebird. She wears her heart on her sleeve, and I'll tell you, it tears me up to see the look on her face. Her eyes are what kill me. She is hugging herself as she talks to me, thanking me for cleaning up as if it is totally unexpected. I'd wanted her to be surprised, but I hadn't expected her to brush me off for dinner, then disappear into her room for an hour.

Earlier in the day, I'd logged in Chicago Singles and replied to Kate's message.

Nightdancer23: Hi. I'm sorry if I said anything to offend you or step over the line. I really just wanted to get to know you. I know our convo got a little out of hand last week, but I liked it, and I like talking to you. It's not a line when I say that I want to get to know you, the real you. And I want to show you who I really am. I hope everything is okay.

I figured that laying it all out-well, everything except who I really am-would get a response from her or at least an acknowledgement that she's still talking to me.

Now, with Kate home and upset, I grab my phone, feeling like a total loser for not knowing what to do.

Zander: Kate came home upset and has been in her room for over an hour. What do I do?

Mac: IS SHE OKAY?

Zander: I don't know. She came home late from work, thanked me for cleaning the house, then said she was going to get out of her work clothes. She was barely holding in tears, babe. She needs you.

Mac: No, she needs you. Go to her. You've got sisters, you'll sort it out. Just do something; otherwise I'll be forced to come over and kick your ass. And my ass is comfortably placed in Daniel's lap right now. Get the picture?

Zander: Too much information, Mac. Okay, I'm going in.

Mac: You're welcome, by the way ;)

I walk down the hallway and knock on the door, opening it slowly. My eyes widen when I see her curled up on top of her bed, staring at the wall. Straight away I think that someone has hurt her, and I ball my fists, immediately wanting to inflict pain on whoever has done this to her.

Then it came to me; pancakes.

Pancakes for dinner. It was Mom's go to meal when any of us was feeling down. It never failed to get us talking and smiling again. And I want to give that to Firebird.

I almost f**ked up and called her that. Damn, that wouldn't have gone over well. I feel bad for the deception, but seeing her so upset tonight, I want...no, I need her to want me for me before I come clean. I just hope that the stolen glances, the shower incident-god, that was hot and has been on repeat in my head every night since-and even the look she gave me tonight where she was shocked and grateful, mean as much to her as they have to me.

"Pancakes."

She shook her head a little, her gorgeous face frowning up at me. "What?" she asks, her voice hoarse.

"Pancakes, for dinner. I come from a family of women. When one of them was hurt, upset, or even just a little bit down, we'd have pancakes for dinner. It's a weird Roberts' tradition. Don't knock it till you've tried it." I smile down at her, waiting for an answer. She looks so vulnerable right now, her blue eyes wet with tears which have tracked down her cheeks. I hate seeing her like this, so upset, hurt. Right now, all I want to do is scoop her up and take care of whatever is upsetting her. It's my nature; what I've always done. And with Kate, I'd slay dragons to put a smile on her face.

Fuck, that's corny.

"Okay," she says breathlessly.

It takes all my will power not to lean down and kiss her right then and there. With her lying down, her eyes looking up at me expectantly, I notice her breathing pick up, and her eyes dilate. Holy shit, she's thinking along the same lines as I am. I have to stay strong because now is not the time to lose myself in her.

I take a deep breath and stand up. "I'll meet you in the kitchen, babe, ten minutes. Prepare to be ah... amazed." I trip over my words as I try to get myself together. If ever I needed a sign from Kate, it was now. And that was as big a sign as any.

"Thanks, Zan, for being here," she replies sweetly, her smile hits me like a shot to the heart, and groin. I've been struggling not to show her how hard I am, and standing in her bedroom with her dressed in a tight tank and yoga pants is not helping the situation.

I turn and walk out to the kitchen. It's time. This is my in. What did Mom say? You listen, you ask questions, and you woo. Well, I'm about to add the woo factor into the equation.

KATE

There's something different about Zander tonight. I can't put my finger on it, but he's being attentive, engaging, and I wouldn't be alive if I couldn't admit that seeing his ass in my kitchen was all kinds of hot. I can't tell you the images running through my mind, but the possibilities are endless. I've been sitting here for a while now. After the ten minute head start I gave him, I splashed water on my face to make myself look semi normal, then wandered out to the kitchen, sat myself down on a stool and watched him prepare pancakes and cook bacon.

"You like eggs?"

I blink out of my revelry. "Ah, yes. Love them."

"Poached or fried?"

"Fried, please."

"I love that."

"What?"

He spins around and smiles at me, a huge grin that lights up the room. "You love food, and I love that. Do you know how annoying it is when a woman only wants salad and diet everything?"

I giggle because I totally agree with his statement. Let's be honest, I do love my food. "What can I say?" I shrug and grin back at him.

"Damn cute," he murmurs under his breath as he turns around to flip a pancake.

"You're not too bad yourself," I say with bated breath. Totally not where I saw this night going. I was set to cry myself to sleep, or steal ice cream from the freezer and eat my way through a tub of chunky monkey to find absolution.

"Good to hear, babe," he says with a chuckle as he removes the pancake, adding it to the growing stack beside him, and pours another one.

"Where did you learn to cook?" I ask, stealing a piece of bacon he stupidly left on the counter in front of me. Mac obviously never told him about our love affair with all things bacon.

"My mom. I've got three sisters, and being the only boy, she wanted to make sure I could take care of myself in case I never found a woman for the job. She's always asking when I'm going to find a nice girl to look after me."

"Sounds eerily similar to my mom. She thinks I need taking care of too," I add wistfully.

"She's right," he replies, flooring me.

"Maybe. But the pressure to be perfect like my older brothers gets a bit old, you know?"

"Yes, try being the oldest with three younger sisters and becoming the man of the house at thirteen years old. I was just learning to be a man myself while also looking out for the four most important women in the world to me, my mom included."

"Wow. That's huge, Zan."

"Yeah, had to be done. Wouldn't change a thing. Is that what tonight was about? The pressure to be perfect? Babe, nobody is perfect, but you'll always be perfect for someone."

"Yes and no. I've been bottling up a lot of stuff for a long time. Tonight, it all kind of bubbled over."

He turns to bring the eggs to the counter before leaning down and pulling out the plates and cutlery.

"Oh, shit. I should be helping with that."

"No, you shouldn't. The rule with pancakes for dinner is that the person who needs it does nothing but sit there and look pretty. And you're doing a fine job of that."

I feel heat creep up my cheeks as I look down at the plate in front of me. God dammit. No, Kate, you can't fall for your best friend's ex f**k buddy. He probably only wants casual anyway.

He grins at me, and I hope to God he can't read my mind because then I know I'll be in trouble. He hands me a plate, his fingers brushing mine as he hands me the cutlery, sending a jolt through my body- and not an unwelcome one either.

"Ladies first." He waves his hand over the food and looks at me expectantly. "Unless you've filled yourself up on the stolen bacon?" he says, arching an eyebrow in silent challenge.

"I'm not going to say no. This looks amazing. I think I love pancakes for dinner." I stuff a piece in my mouth and smirk at him, which just makes him laugh.

About halfway through the meal, he catches me staring at him. He's sitting at the end of the counter on another stool, shoveling pancakes and bacon into his mouth, and even while he's doing it, he's gorgeous. How unfair is it that the G.O.G is still hot while stuffing his face? C'mon! That just proves that this universe is twisted. Hell, he could choreograph a stripping act involving food, and I'd be wet in mere minutes. So you can imagine me sitting beside him, sneaking glances at his face, his shoulders, and his toned arms that are like a magnet for your tongue.

"Penny for your thoughts," he asks, standing up and taking his plate to the sink.

"You really don't want to know," I say, aware that he totally caught me checking him out.

"Wouldn't ask if I didn't wanna know, babe," he adds quickly, his voice dropping an octave. It's enough for me to lift my head up and look at him, and when I do, I stop breathing. He's now standing on the other side of the counter, arms braced on either side of him, leaning toward me.

"I was wondering why?"

"Why?" he asks cautiously.

"Yeah..." My voice trembles.

"You wanna know why what?" he asks again, this time more certain. The raspy tone in his voice is creating tingles in my body that my three date rule doesn't allow.

"Um..." I stop mid-sentence. He's looking at me with such intensity that I'm finding it hard to breathe. My brain has stopped, my heart is racing, and if there were an inner Kate, she'd be saying "Whoa!"

"You wanna know why I cooked you pancakes?"

"Ah, yeah, that's it. Why pancakes?" Great save, Kate.

"Because I like seeing you smile and I hate to see you cry." He looks at me, taking me in.

We stare at each other for what seems like an eternity. I'm aware of nothing but the two of us. The feelings I felt that night so long ago have come crashing back, but this time there is no alcohol involved, no impairments, no best friend complications, nothing.

No, this is something entirely different.

"But if that's how you feel, why did you say no to me when I asked you to stay the night?" I say in a barely audible whisper.

"I said no to a quick lay because that's not you, Kate. Now, I'm saying yes to more than a quick lay," he retorts assuredly.

"I have a three date rule."

"I know. Mac told me. I'm fine with that. I'm not looking for another friend with benefits, Kate."

I gasp. Dammit, I'm going to wring her pretty little neck, superhero protection or not! "You do?"

"Yep, and I'd keep you to it. Although it'll be a hard task, trying to keep you from jumping me," he says, giving me the panty dropping smile that I'm sure works on all the girls. It's totally working on me.

"Keep me from jumping you?" I ask, partly shocked, majorly turned on.

He walks around the counter and spins my bar stool around, placing his arms on the back of the chair and caging me in. My breathing picks up, and my heart starts racing. How can my emotions go from so low to being on such a high? This is doing my head in.

"Yeah, babe, how are you going to be able to hold back?"

Normally I'd be turned off by such overt cockiness, but with Zander I know it's not cockiness. It's pure truth. It is like he's got a direct line to my brain and is reading all my transmissions.

He leans down until his lips are right next to my ear. "Got any plans for tomorrow?"

I shake my head the tiniest amount and his lips graze my cheek, sending a shiver throughout my entire body.

"You've got plans now," he whispers huskily in my ear. "I'm taking you out. On a date. A proper first date. A fun date where we get to know each other. Eat too much. Laugh too much. You deserve a perfect first date, and I want it to be with me, so I'm going to give it to you because now I'm saying yes. To you. To this. To us. You with me?"

I just stare at him, I can't help it. It's not until he raises his eyebrows at me that I remember to answer. I nod. It's all I can do. He's rendered me speechless.

"See you in the morning, Kate." He pulls back slightly so that he's a hair's breath away from my mouth. "But first, I need to do this."

And then his lips met mine. And I am done for. D.O.N.E. Contract signed, deal done.

Our tongues tangle together, and our lips mesh as if we were made for each other. Industrial grade fireworks explode around us and again, and it feels as if the earth has tilted a little off axis. Soft at first, but then the kiss grows demanding. He takes, and I give and when I think he is finished, he wages a new war in my mouth, searching out my tongue and softly caressing it while he wraps his hands around my waist, pulling our bodies close.

All too soon he pulls away, rubbing his nose gently against mine before standing up to his full towering height above me.

"Sweet dreams, Kate." With a wink, he walks down the hallway and into his bedroom, leaving me sitting there with the biggest lady boner I've ever had, and with a huge smile on my face.

Not complaining. At all.

"By the way, don't even think of doing the dishes. I'll do them in the morning!" he yells down the hallway.

Huge smile and lady boner multiplied by ten.

Chapter 15: "Kiss Me"

KATE

I replay the kiss in my mind over and over all night. Like a song stuck on repeat, the feelings he elicited buzz through me like a continuous spark. Long after his lips leave mine, I still felt marked. With one touch, one caress of his tongue against mine, my entire body was set ablaze. How could that one kiss transform my night from a woeful and depressing pity party into a wanton woman who can't get enough? It's simple really, and it takes an hour of tossing and turning in bed for the lightning bolt to hit. It was because of him. Because it was him. That kiss, albeit brief, dug deep into my soul and took hold of something that had never been touched before.

In the history of kisses, you can look at the most famous fairy tales for guidance. Cinderella, Sleeping Beauty and The Little Mermaid-yes, she is a fairy tale, and I'll keep arguing it until I'm blue in the face. Cinderella had her night dancing at the ball, then she had to leave, so the prince hunted high and low until he found her. Sleeping Beauty's prince saved her. With The Little Mermaid-the Disney version at least-Ariel saved Prince Eric, then disappeared, was tricked by the evil witch, then tried to make him fall in love with her without singing. But still, when they did kiss, everything became clear as day. Thinking about it, I think I'm the most like Ariel because Zander has already saved me, and he has no reason to search high and low because I'm not hiding anymore.

Knowing he's sleeping in the room next to mine doesn't help. He's so close, but we're so not at that point. Tonight was only our second 'first' kiss. I wonder what would have happened had he deepened the kiss? Or better yet, what if he'd taken it a step further? It definitely wouldn't have been Disney worthy, maybe one of those parody p**n s if I were lucky. Something like "Ariel's Big Scepter" or "Snow White and her Seventh Coming".

Moving his soft lips along my jaw...down my neck...gently nipping the skin as he trails his tongue along until he places a soft kiss on the hollow at the base of my throat, then dragging his mouth along my collar bone...

Would I have let him continue?

Letting his hand brush against my breast...his other arm wrapping around me...pulling me closer against him...

I look over at my alarm clock and see that I've been lost in my musings for hours, knowing that I have a date with Zander tomorrow.

A DATE with the G.O.G. Holy crap.

Where is Mac when I need her?

Oh shit.

Mac.

And Zander.

Together.

Maybe the date isn't a good idea. Maybe it's too close for comfort. Do I want Mac's seconds?

After finally breathing through my freak-out, my eyes grow heavy, and I soon drift off to sleep to dream about him and our date. Our perfect date. The date that he says I deserve.

I wake early Sunday morning, and despite desperately wanting a sleep in, I'm unable to go back to sleep. Not brave enough to venture out of my room just yet, I grab my laptop and log into the internet dating site. I've barely been on this week. It started with me avoiding nightdancer. I was more embarrassed about my drunken behavior than anything else, but also the feelings he brought to the surface reminding me of Zander's rejection. I messaged him during the week and pretty much brushed him off, saying I was busy, but now I see there is a new message from him.

Nightdancer23: Hi. I'm sorry if I said anything to offend you or step over the line. I know our convo got a little out of hand last week, but I like talking to you. I hope everything is okay.

Aww, he really is one of the nice ones, just like Zander.

Fireinthesky24: Hey. Sorry for being MIA. I've been dealing with some stuff in my head. I like taking to you too. It's hard to get to know people over the net, though. Don't you think?

I waste about half an hour reading the Hollywood celebrity gossip sites before I check back in to Chicago Singles. I'm happy to see a reply from my favorite dancer.

Nightdancer23: It's hard to get to know people over the internet, but the more you talk, the more you get a feel for someone, especially when they have a bad night and get drunk on tequila and play question and answer games ;) Any more disaster dates?

Fireinthesky24: No more crazy internet dates, thank god. I'm actually trying the normal kind of dating, the real life kind. Today, in fact.

Nightdancer23: Nice! Who's the lucky guy?

Fireinthesky24: He's a friend of my best friend. Funnily enough, he's staying here for a few weeks while his apartment is being repaired.

Nightdancer23: That's great! Are you worried about things getting awkward if it doesn't work out?

I don't sense any jealousy coming from nightdancer, but then again, he seems to be trying to find out what I think of him. After chatting to me for near on a month now, there should be some jealousy if he were interested in taking things further with me, right? Right?

Fireinthesky24: He's a friend first, so I don't think it would be awkward. He treated me to his family tradition of pancakes for dinner last night to make me feel better.

Nightdancer23: That's sweet. I've got to go meet a friend, but good luck for your date. I hope you have a great day.

Checking the clock, I realize that it's been over an hour of chatting and surfing the net, and I haven't achieved anything. Not knowing what Zander has planned today also doesn't help with my nerves, or what to wear. I haven't heard him get up yet, or go into the bathroom.

I have butterflies in my stomach. I'm actually going out with the G.O.G for a date. And he asked me! This calls for a Mac phone call.

"Kate, what the hell are you doing awake at this hour on your day off?"

"Sorry, hon, did I wake you?" I ask.

"Of course not. This little super heroine has been using me as a punching bag since 7 a.m., so Daniel has gone to the gym, and I'm being a lazy ass in bed reading. Is everything okay?"

"No, I'm kind of freaking out, and I don't want to freak you out, but I need to tell you something..." I bite my lip, not knowing how this convo is going to go.

"Hon, you can tell me anything. You know that. C'mon, spill it."

I take a deep breath. Here goes nothing. "Zander asked me out. And kissed me, after asking me out," I say quickly.

She lets out a huge sigh of relief down the phone, "Oh, thank god. That boy finally grew a pair and did something. Do you know how long he's wanted to make a move?"

"What? You already know about this?" I ask, stunned. Here, I was expecting a weird conversation, and I find Mac has been encouraging him. "You didn't think a little heads up would've been good?"

"So you could do what? Avoid him again, and continue to avoid telling me whatever the hell has gone on between the two of you?" she states.

"No. I mean....um...you're not mad or anything?" I ask, still not quite believing this. It's like I'm stuck in an episode of the Twilight Zone.

"Seriously?"

"Seriously. He's your ex sex-friend or whatever," I try to explain but fail miserably. Then she bursts out laughing. What the f**k?

"You said it. He was. Not now, never again. I have a superhero. His penis and everything else are all that I need. Zander is a great guy who will treat you like gold. For the record, he's liked you for a little while I think, so this isn't news to me. He was texting me just yesterday asking advice."

Well that sheds a new light on things.

"And what did you tell him?" I ask curiously.

"I told him to spend time with you. That's it. He also said that you'd been avoiding him?"

She's on to me now, I can tell.

"Okay, here's the thing. You remember that night a few months ago when you drunk booty-called Daniel and left Zander and me at the bar?"

"Yeah..." she says slowly, urging me to continue.

"Well, Zander saved me from a guy who wouldn't understand no, and long story short, I jumped him, asked him to stay the night, but he turned me down."

"Sheesh, that explains a lot." Mac's rendered silent for a while. This is a first.

"Yeah, and well, it was a shock him turning up on our doorstep, let alone you offering your room to him. So it has taken a little getting used to."

"So how did you go from avoiding him, to agreeing to go out on a date with him? Hon, I knew you were hot for Zan that night. And to be honest, you couldn't find a nicer, more thoughtful guy."

"Really?"

"Of course, would I lie to you?"

I giggle. "No, you'd just fail to tell me that the guy I threw myself at was moving in with me."

"In my defense, I didn't know because neither of you guys told me that you'd almost boned," she says.

"We didn't almost bone. I offered, he declined. He said I was worth more than a quick lay. Oh shit, sorry!"

"Hon, we were never anything more than a series of quick lays, I'm good," she says, laughing. "But now you have to tell me. You're going on a date with Zander. When and where?"

"I don't know where, but today. He says he's going to show me what a proper date is like, so I need your help. What do I wear?"

"Well that I can help you with. Show off your legs, boobs and curves. How about that pretty yellow sundress you bought on our last shopping spree. It's perfect!"

"Yes! God, I miss you. So glad you're only a phone call away," I say with a smile.

"Always, hon. Never doubt it," she replies.

"Okay, well give that belly a rub for me. We're still on for Wednesday?"

"The ultrasound? Of course. Me, my baby daddy, and my whale belly will be there. But text me later and tell me how the date went, okay?" Mac has taken to calling her baby 'the whale belly' because, in the past two weeks, she has suddenly gotten really big.

"Of course. Love you."

"Love you more. And hon, relax and have fun," she says before ending the call.

That I can do.

Zander

She looks up at me, and those beautiful blue eyes of hers are suddenly darker, more alluring and full to the brim with desire. My eyes drop to her mouth as she bites her lip and my self-restraint snaps. I grab her hand and pull her hard into my body as I kiss her deeply. My tongue invades hers like I'm a parched traveler lost in the desert and she is the oasis of my dreams. All I can think about is indulging myself in her body, taking whatever she's willing to give and giving her everything I have.

I wrap an arm around her waist, making sure she can feel every inch of what she's doing to me. Her arms drape around my neck, her hands tangle in my hair, tightening and releasing.

Taking a few steps forward, I encourage her to move with me. When I feel the kitchen island with my arm, I put both hands on her sexy as hell hips and I hoist her up onto the counter with ease, placing her ass right on the edge. Now that we're at the same height, I waste no time in slamming my mouth back onto hers. I run my hands up her soft body from her hips, gliding past her waist until I cup her br**sts, taking their weight in my hands. I run my thumbs over her hard ni**les that are straining against her bra. God, I want to taste them, taste her. I move my mouth down her neck, nipping and sucking my way down until I place a kiss at the hollow of her throat, causing her to whimper.

Her hand trails down from my chest, underneath my waistband to my aching cock. It throbs in her hand as her fingers wrap around the shaft and start stroking up and down. Groaning loudly, I continue kissing my way back up her neck, back to her lips, tangling my tongue with hers while one of my hands grips her fire-red hair, holding her close to me as I devour her mouth. Her hand fists my c**k harder, with more determination. She's telling me what she wants with her touch and her strong grip and increasing speed, telling me she wants everything from me, soon.

I reach a hand down between her legs and stroke her pu**y through her damp cotton panties. From the wetness I'm feeling, I can tell she's into this as much as I am. She wants this, and she wants me. I rub faster and her hand grips tighter. I feel my climax building deep down in my balls as I growl into her mouth. She pulls away and cries out in my ear just as my c**k jerks into her hand, and I come harder than I ever have in my life. Her thighs squeeze together, trapping my hand against her pulsing pu**y as she screams her orgasm out into the empty house.

I wake up with a shudder and a wet stomach. Holy crap. I've just had my first wet dream in, like, eight years. What is that about? I lie back, running my fingers through my hair as my heart rate calms down. The dream was hot, though. And better yet, Kate was the main attraction.

Bring on date one, two, and three because if the real Kate is as feisty and up for it as my dream Kate is, we're going to have a lot of fun.

Chapter 16: "Little Things"

KATE

I wait in bed until I hear Zander go into the bathroom and turn the shower on-that definitely got the mind wandering-then off again a short while later before walking down the hallway. When I know it is safe, I dart in the bathroom, brush my teeth and make my hair a bit more manageable-if you haven't had naturally curly hair before, in the mornings, things are crazy! One final check in the mirror to make sure I'm looking approachable and kissable, then I check my bed attire in the mirror one last time before venturing out into the living area.

"Morning, babe."

Tingles. Down there. Don't think I'll ever get used to that.

"Hi," I reply meekly, unable to look at him. I pad over to the coffeemaker, and reach up on my toes to grab a mug from the overhead cabinet.

"Damn." I hear him growl from behind me. I stand level again and turn around, catching Zander's eyes zeroed in on my stomach.

"What?" I ask, confused.

"Warn me when you're going to do that again."

"Do what?" I'm still lost.

"Reach up and show me even a peek at what you're hiding under that top. A guy can only take so much, babe."

I look down at my stomach, which despite my curves, is still surprisingly flat, and realized that my top must have ridden up. "Oh, shit. Sorry," I say, my cheeks flaming bright red.

I turn quickly to pour my coffee, and to hide my embarrassment, when I hear him get up and walk behind me. He places his hands on my hips, his fingers only slightly squeezing me. His lips are by my ear again.

Clean up, aisle seven. He really has a thing about whispering into my ear.

"I hope you're blushing because you're flattered, Kate. I'm trying really hard to be the gentleman my mom raised me to be which means not kissing the shit out of you in your kitchen when you're still waking up and haven't had your morning coffee yet. Which..." one hand leaves my hip and reaches around, grabbing the coffee mug out of my hand and placing it on the kitchen counter in front me, "you'll find, is already poured and waiting for you." He kisses my cheek as I stand there, unable to breathe.

This must be a dream. It has to be. No way is this my real kitchen, my real morning, my real life. No way would Zander, the God of Gorgeousness, be in my kitchen with his big strong hands on my hips, telling me that he wants to kiss the shit out of me.

Breathe, Kate. Breathe in. Breathe out.

"Thank you," I croak as I turn around and grab the coffee he's poured for me.

"Anytime, Kate. I can make you breakfast too if you like," he replies, the sly smile on his lips making sure I know that he knows what he's doing to me.

"Is it dinner for breakfast?" I ask, raising a brow and smirking at him, trying to hold back a grin.

"Very funny. I'll have you know that pancakes for dinner works every time. It worked last night, didn't it? You agreed to go on a date with me." He walks around the island and sits down in front of a coffee mug and a bowl of cereal.

"You kind of told me I was going out on a date with you." I lean forward, resting my elbows on the counter opposite where he's sitting, cradling my coffee.

"You still said okay," he says with a smirk, drinking his coffee as my attention falls to his Adam's apple and then down to his chest. He's wearing a grey wife beater that gives me an unobstructed view of his toned arms. Actually, toned is too tame of a word; muscular, herculean even.

"I'll give you that one, but I don't eat till a bit later. So, our date today. Where are we going? A woman needs to have at least an idea of what to wear." I look up and see him staring intensely at my cle**age. Oh yes, Zander. Two of us can play this game.

"They, I mean, you look gorgeous in anything." He shakes his head, and his eyes rise to meet mine. He looks like the kid that has just been caught with his hand in the cookie jar.

I raise an eyebrow at him, and he grins at me. "Hey, I can't help it. I'm a guy, and it's a gorgeous rack." He shrugs his shoulders, and I giggle.

"Boob man?"

"Anything Kate man." Oh my god. Swoon!

"I'll let you off this time," I say, smirking at him. "So clothes. Should I dress up, or down, or what?"

He raises his hand to his jaw and rubs his chin as if he's contemplating a chess move or something. "Okay, dress casual, comfortable, and able to walk for a little bit. Does that give you enough to work with?"

"That is perfect. I know just the thing. What time should I be ready by?" It's about now that I get lost in his eyes. I can see his mouth moving, but it's almost like a blur to me.

"Babe?" he asks, snapping me out of my blatant daydream.

"Ah, yeah. Sorry. So this afternoon?"

"Around one, babe. That work for you?"

"Of course." I drink the last of my coffee and stand back up, putting my mug in the sink. "Well, I might go do some laundry, and maybe pop out and get groceries, but I'll make sure I'm dressed casual, comfortable and able to walk by one o'clock."

"That reminds me. I need to give you some money for food."

"Don't worry about it, Zan. It's fine."

"No, it's not." He stands up, grabs his wallet from his back pocket, and pulls out four fifty dollar bills before holding them out to me. I can't help but see that there was at a lot more where that came from. An invisible bucket of cold water drenches me as I remember how he earns that money. "Take it, Kate. I need to pay my way. You're doing me a favor by letting me stay here, so let me pay for the groceries," he says. His voice is determined, so I just nod as he puts the money in my hand.

"Ok. Thank you. Well, I'll just see you later on then."

"For sure. I'm looking forward to our first proper date," he replies, smiling at me like I'm the most beautiful girl in the world. Shit, I could get used to this kind of attention.

I start to walk away, but then I stop, turn around and look at the fine specimen of a man that wants to date me.

"Zan, just so you know, I'm really looking forward to today too." I turn and walk away with an extra swing in my hips for good measure as I feel the heat of his stare on my ass as I reach my room.

ZANDER

I have a confession.

Last night I carried out some reconnaissance and gathered some intel on Kate from Mac. I mean, who knows a girl better than her best friend? She told me to do something simple and easy going, don't try too hard to impress her straight off the bat, and to just be myself. So in short, Mac didn't really help me a lot. But since I've been thinking about what I would do and where I would go if I were to go on a date with her, I already knew where the date will start off.

Sitting in the living room waiting for Kate to come out of her room is torture. I'm actually nervous about a lot of things, the date included, of course. Will the date be what she imagined, or will it be too low key and casual for her? You can't imagine all the scenarios that are running through my head right now.

This morning, when I was messaging her as nightdancer, I felt really guilty about the whole internet dating thing. I should be honest with her. I should just come clean and tell her that I'm nightdancer and that I'm the one she's been talking to for the past five weeks. It should be as simple as that, right?

I'm worried about possible awkwardness if this dating thing doesn't go well between us. Amazingly, some of my normal dating concerns are null and void with Kate. I know she doesn't just want me for my body, but I know she likes what she sees because I've caught her checking me out a few times now, but I'm totally fine with my firebird checking me out. Every which way from Sunday, she can look and touch and...well, you get the picture. I definitely felt relieved when she said to me online this morning that she wasn't worried about awkwardness.

I hear her clear her throat, and I look up to be met by the hottest pair of legs I've seen in a long, long time.

My eyes travel up to a sunshine yellow dress, her hands clutching a silver handbag in front of her, then up to a silver drop necklace falling in the lush valley between her br**sts. I see her beautiful face, her blue eyes sparkling down at me, and I'm completely and utterly hooked. Holy crap, I totally underestimated the effect this woman has on me. I stand up and run my hands down her bare arms from her shoulders down to her wrists.

"You look beautiful, Kate."

I see the slight pink tinge of her cheeks as she looks down at the ground. Damn she's cute.

Leaning forward, I press my lips to her warm cheek, resisting the urge to wrap my hand around her waist, pull her up against me, and crash my lips against hers. "Shall we go?"

"Yeah. Let's do this."

I put my hand on the small of her back as I lead her to the front door. Her skin is warm, heating my blood so quickly that I have to snatch my hand away. She glances at me briefly, and I cover the gesture with a quick smile and open the door, letting her leave first.

When we reach the sidewalk, she turns and looks at me. "So where too, Mr. Roberts?"

"Ah yes, the million dollar question. Well, I wanted to take you on a fun, easy going date. You know, the one that you remember forever and hold up against all other dates because it was just that cool?"

She giggles, and it is the sweetest most satisfying sound in the world. "Sounds awesome. So are we embracing our inner child?"

"But of course, my dear," I reply in a bad Sean Connery impression.

"Righteous."

I put on my best surfer impression. "Bodacious."

"Holy crap, we sound like the teenage mutant ninja turtles. This can't be good," she says with a smile.

I laugh, then look down at her. She's just standing there, watching me.

"What?"

"You should laugh more often. I like it."

I can't wipe the smile off my face. It's only the start of the date, but I'm already thinking of the second, and third and fourth. I'm glad that Kate is everything I expected her to be and more.

"The first stop is the Lincoln Park Zoo."

"Are you serious?" she squeals, clapping her hands with glee. "I haven't been there in ages! It used to be one of my favorite places to go as a kid."

"Well, I guess stop one for our day gets your tick of approval then. I must be doing well."

I reach my hand down and grab hold of hers, entwining our fingers. She looks down at our now joined hands, and I don't miss both the surprise on her face, and then the slight grin she gets when she likes something.

Since Kate and Mac's apartment is only four blocks away from Lincoln Park, and it's a nice sunny day, we walk to the zoo, holding hands and chatting about Kate's job, and how Zach burned down our kitchen, and before long we arrive at our first stop for the afternoon.

I have to admit, this zoo idea was brilliant. We held hands for most of the way, stopping when I bought us an ice-cream. Our conversation never waned, and I was so relaxed with her that I didn't even think about whether I was making a good impression, or whether she was having a good time. It was like hanging out with a best friend, who just happens to be someone that I'd like to get to know a whole lot better than a friend. And best yet, I've managed to restrain myself from calling her firebird three times already.

After a few hours of seeing rhinos, monkeys, flamingos and even the snakes which freaked Kate out so that she stopped holding my hand and clung to my side-still not complaining-we left the zoo and started to walk back toward the apartment.

"So how are the repairs on the apartment going?" Kate asks as we stop at an intersection.

"Good, and not so good. Unfortunately, the damage was worse than they first thought, so it's going to be a few more weeks at least. Are you okay with that?" I ask, worried that maybe I've been totally misreading her, and this date was actually a sinking bomb.

"Hey now, you just went all tense. Please don't think I was asking about it because I want you to move out. I've had an awesome time today, Zan. It's been fun." She looks up at me, and I'm struck by how gorgeous she is. The sunlight and blue sky serve to make her eyes shine even brighter, and when my eyes drop to her mouth, I know there is going to be no stopping this.

I lean my head down, my gaze lifting back to her eyes as I stop just a touch away from her lips. "Can I kiss you?" She nods and that is all the permission I need. I gently brush my lips against hers before pulling back.

"Again. Please," she whispers. Her tongue darts out and grazes my lips as I open my mouth and let her take the lead. She wraps her arms around me, joining her hands behind my neck as she strains to deepen the kiss. I place my hands on her hips and move her closer as our tongues lazily move with the other. My c**k is hard as rock, and I know she can feel it, but neither of us move against the other. It's like time stands still. With one last stroke of her tongue, she goes to move back, but not before I gently bite her lower lip, sucking on it gently before letting her go.

"Wow," she says, looking around and realizing that we're still standing in the middle of the sidewalk, and we've missed the crossing signal. "Shit! We should probably move."

"Gimme a minute, babe. I'm not fit for public consumption right now." She looks down between us and giggles.

"You can laugh, but you caused this. You do it to me every time I just look at you."

"You can't be serious?"

"Serious as a heart attack. You don't think I've been watching you for a while, babe? At that bachelorette party a year ago. Even back then, I could tell you were different. You were there, and you were having fun, but it wasn't really your thing, was it?"

"You could tell that while you were dancing and gyrating your hips around? Oh, and thrusting your junk in Sophie's face before slowly inching a banana into her mouth?" She's smiling, so I know she's teasing me.

Damn, she has a good memory.

I take a step closer to her, pulling her body close into mine once more. "Did I have this when I was doing all of that? No. You know why? Because nobody has made me feel the way you do with one look, one touch, one cute little giggle. Do you have a problem with me stripping?" My face is undoubtedly full of concern as I wait for her response.

"No, but it hasn't got anything to do with me. It's your job. The only thing that matters is whether you have a problem with it. Why do you ask?"

"Just wanted to check. That's all. I'm not going to be stripping forever. As soon as I'm graduated and assigned a precinct, I'm stopping."

"That's good," she replies with her hand on my chest, her fingers gripping ever so slightly into my flesh.

I pull my hand up and touch her nose, which she scrunches up adorably. "And besides, no one else has gotten drunk and tried to thrust their boobs into my face by touching their elbows behind their back yet, so I think I'll keep you around," I add to break the mood.

"Oh my god, I can't believe you remember that!" She buries her face into my chest before pulling back.

I sneak a glance at her br**sts, the silver drop necklace an enticing reminder of where I want to trail my tongue down in the very near future. "Babe, no man in their right mind would forget that."

She smiles up at me, and I vow then and there to make her smile at me like that every day if she'll let me.

"And later that night, after that kiss, you still said no?" It's a question I knew she would ask, and I've been waiting to tell her why for a long time.

"I meant what I said. You're worth taking it slow with. I can't think of anything better than waiting out your three date rule. Hell, you could make me wait ten dates, and it would be worth it just to have a chance at taking it slow with you."

After a moment of comfortable silence between us where I see her mind turning over everything I've just said, she smiles at me and changes the subject.

"So, Mr. Date Expert. Where to next?"

I look around and spot a games arcade on the other side of the road.

"Games," I announce, taking her hand again as I make to cross the road.

"What do you mean, games?" she asks, walking quickly beside me.

We stop outside the arcade, and I look at her. Totally overdressed for an old and well past its prime games arcade, but that is Kate. All class with an awesome interior-and exterior, of course.

After exchanging some money for coins, we end up playing a car racing game where I let Kate win once before I totally kick her ass, but we both laugh all the way through it. We end the afternoon playing Whack-a-Mole and putting on a performance of our own when we ended up whacking each other and play fighting before I grabbed her for a hard and fast kiss when I lost. Satisfied that I've kissed her speechless, we head back home for the final surprise of the day.

KATE

Four hours ago I was a nervous wreck. Now, I'm lying on my bed, flat on my back with a goofy grin on my face as my mind replays all of the events of the afternoon. I feel like a fifteen year old who just had her first real kiss. Not the ones that you practice on the back of your hand, or with your geeky next door neighbor that your dick-head older brother dared you to kiss-yes, this was my life! No, this was the date of dates, the date of ALL dates. And it's not like it was fancy, expensive, or anything like that. No, it was thoughtful, it was fun, it was relaxed, and in all honestly, I had the best afternoon of my life.

The best surprise of all was when we got home after the games arcade to a picnic dinner laid out on the living room floor. The coffee table had been moved out, and a plaid, woolen blanket covered the carpet with a picnic hamper and a bottle of champagne on ice with two champagne flutes.

I looked up at Zander who smiled at me. "Surprise."

We sat down on the blanket, Zander with his long legs stretched out to the side, and me cross-legged. Not a great idea when you're wearing a sundress, but I made it work.

Over a dinner of smoked chicken sliders with cranberry sauce, flat bread and dips, and a chocolate mousse for dessert, he told me about his training at the academy and how soon he would be doing field training, which involves going out with an experienced police officer on the 'beat' in Chicago. I loved hearing the excitement in his voice, and how genuinely proud he was of the job he was training for.

Once we'd had enough dinner, I was kind of disappointed that he didn't jump me and try to make out on the blanket. That thought had me thinking all sorts of dirty possibilities, but no, Zander was determined to be the perfect gentleman. Even when I quirked my eyebrow at him as I stretched out on the blanket beside him, our picnic all cleared away, he just smiled adorably at me and shook his head no, to which I pouted. Yes. I pouted. He laughed at me and ran his thumb down my lip before cupping my jaw and looking at me.

I could see the indecision in his eyes, the desire to take this further yet amazingly, he seemed to have way more restraint than me.

"Right, Miss McGuinness. It's time I got you home," he announced, moving away from me and standing up. After he'd pulled me up off the floor, he took my hand and led me down the hallway. As you can imagine, there were a lot of things going through my mind in that moment. Like whether I was overdue for my wax, or whether my room was tidy or a bombsite after I searched high and low for my shoes this morning. And finally, whether I had any condoms in my room, did he have any in his room, and exactly which room we were headed toward.

When we reached my closed bedroom door, he stopped and turned toward me. Lifting his hand up, he swept my hair away from my face and smiled down at me. "I had a wonderful time today."

"I did too," I said, obviously unable to form full sentences at that point. And I'd only had a few glasses of champagne!

"What are the chances of a second date?"

"I think the odds are in your favor right now."

"You're quoting Hunger Games to me? Right now, when I'm about to kiss you goodnight?"

Say what?

He took a step forward and backed me up against the hallway wall. "I have to have one more taste of you before I go into the bathroom and have a very cold shower. Can you handle that?"

"The kiss, or the cold shower? Because I'm sure I could handle both right now," I said honestly. My whole body was on fire for him, and the man whose body was firmly pressing me into the wall was to blame.

"Shit, babe, you're killing me here. Fuck, that's hot," he said just moments before his mouth slammed down against mine.

Zander was the perfect mix of a gentleman with an adorable playful side as well as a super sexy side that came out with a vengeance when we kissed. Three times we kissed during the date and three times I was left light-headed and giddy. Are kisses on a first date even supposed to make you giddy? Are the butterflies you had at the start of the date supposed to be there by the end of the night? If so, then everything is right in the world and that was the best date of my dating life.

Why had it taken me so long to see what was right under my nose for at least the past year? Oh, that's right, my best friend was banging him. I was too focused on dating jerks who didn't respect my three date rule, and totally misunderstood the reason he said no to sleeping with me all those months ago.

Maybe I should have been hitting myself in the head with those Whack-a-mole bats.

All that being said, bring on the second date.

Chapter 17: "Superman"

KATE

It's Wednesday-ultrasound day! We finally find out whether there is going to be a mini super hero or heroine joining us in four months' time.

In the three days since my date with Zander, I've been on cloud nine. We've had breakfast together every morning, then he has given me a chaste kiss on the cheek before leaving for the Academy. As frustrating as it is, it is also very sweet, but part of me wants to grab him by the shirt and slam my mouth onto his. A bit hard when he stands at 6 ft. 2 in. and I'm 5 ft. nothing, but a girl can dream.

At night, he goes to the gym and has been coming home around six just as I'm cooking dinner. Again, a nice kiss on the cheek, great dinner conversation, he does the dishes, tidies up the kitchen for me because he insists the rule is she who cooks does not clean up-great rule, by the way-then we've either watched television, checked emails on opposite couches, or else he's kissed me goodnight and gone to bed.

This morning, after he leaves for the day, I find an envelope and a sunflower laid out on my made bed -he made my freaking bed for me. I don't know whether to be grateful or horrified. Inside the envelope is a note.

My beautiful Kate,

I would love to take you out for a date tonight.

Now that we've had the fun, casual, playful date, I think you deserve to be wined and dined.

There may even be a little dancing ;)

A sunflower symbolizes adoration.The color also matches the sexy dress you wore for our first date.

Be ready to be wooed.

7 p.m.

ZANDER

There is no preparation required; I'm already well on my way to being wooed.

I walk into the ob/gyn office and see Mac and Daniel sitting in the waiting room. I can tell Mac is nervous because she's fidgeting with her purse and tapping her foot on the floor.

"Hey, you guys excited?"

"Definitely, but this one," Daniel says, grabbing Mac's hand and pulling it onto his lap, "is nervous as all hell. Says she has a bad feeling."

"I do! I had a dream last night that there was a demon spawn in my stomach, and it was trying to climb its way out of my who-see-what's-it," she says, talking really fast.

I bite my lip to stop myself from laughing because, believe it or not, Mac is actually serious. "Hon, you do not have a demon spawn inside you, and you do know that the baby has to come out your who-see-what's-it anyway, right?"

"Can't I just get a sunroof? You know, put me to sleep, cut me open and I wake up a mom with a baby?"

"Gorgeous, we talked about this, and the OB talked to you about the risks."

"I know. I'm just imagining easier ways to meet the super heroine-"

"Hero. Superhero. We're having a boy, I just know it," Daniel butts in, wrapping his arm around Mac's shoulders and pulling her into his side. She relaxes into him and rests her head on his shoulder.

"I don't care what we're having, as long as it's healthy. And isn't a demon spawn," she adds.

"Makenna Lewis," the nurse calls out, and we all stand.

"This is going to be so cool! I get to see my god child before I meet him," I say excitedly before Mac gives me a dirty look. "Or super heroine. Whatever!"

We're all ushered through a short corridor and into the ultrasound room. There are a couple of chairs on one side of the bed and the ultrasound equipment and screen on the other.

"Would you like to put a gown on Makenna, or are you happy just to lift up your shirt?" the nurse asks.

"I'll just lift up my shirt, but thank you."

"You're welcome. Just pop up on the bed when you are ready, and the technician will be right in to start."

"Awesome," Mac replies, rubbing her belly and kissing Daniel softly on the lips before he grabs her hand and helps her up onto the examination table.

"I love you, gorgeous," he murmurs before kissing her forehead and sitting down beside her as she reaches down and takes his hand.

I hold a sigh back as I watch them. Will Zander and I get to that stage? Does he even want it to get to that stage? I decided this morning that we will just take it one date at a time. I'm going to go with the flow. If something happens, it happens. The expectation my mother has put on me to find a nice man to look after me and give me the perfect 2.5 children and picket fence life is just that, her expectation. Not mine. Zander has made me realize that sometimes what you want, and what you need, can be different.

The door handle rattles and the ultrasound technician walks in, introduces himself, then shakes Daniel's hand and sits down on a rollaway stool next to Mac. "Okay, so we're doing the twenty week ultrasound, is that right?"

"Yes, but I'm a bit late for it," Mac replies, her voice shaky.

Daniel gives her hand a squeeze, and she visibly relaxes.

"That's okay. Let's get started then. Before we do, did you want to know the baby's sex?" the technician asks.

"Yes," we all say at the same time, launching both Mac and I into a giggling fit.

"Fuck, here we go," Daniel mutters under his breath as we struggle to stop.

"I just need you to lift your top to just under your bra, then move your waistband down to the bottom of your stomach," he explains as Mac follows, still sniggering. "And I'm just going to apply some of this gel so that the wand can show us what we want to see. So looking at your notes, you're twenty-two weeks today, is that right?"

"Yes," Mac answers dutifully.

"Okay. So we should be able to see everything we need to see then. Are you measuring big for your date?"

"A little bit, yes, but the doctor said it's within the normal range."

"Great, just wanted to check."

The technician moves the wand over Mac's stomach and all four heads in the room are suddenly riveted on the screen in front of us. I let out a little squeal when the baby's head comes into view.

"Well, there it is. Let me just turn the volume up so that we can hear the baby's heartbeat." With a turn of a knob, the sound of a very fast heartbeat fills the room.

I see Mac's head turn to Superman, her eyes glistening with tears. "No demon spawn," she whispers as he grins at her.

"I love you," he whispers back.

"What's that other heartbeat?" I ask, leaning forward to have a closer look at the screen.

"That'll just be mine, hon," Mac replies.

"Ah..." The technician pauses to look at Mac's notes again.

"What? What's wrong?" Mac asks, her voice sounding tight.

"Is this your first ultrasound?"

"Yes. We've just been having monthly OB check-ups," Mac replies, looking confused. "But they've been very regular, and I've felt the baby moving constantly. Please tell me my baby's okay?"

"It's okay. Everything is fine. I just need to get the doctor in here for a minute. I'm sorry, it'll just take a second."

"Wait, is there something wrong?" Daniel's face is full of concern as he grips Mac's hand tighter, moving in closer to her.

"No, no. Nothing's wrong. I just need the doctor to double check something."

"Right. Okay," Daniel says. He runs his hand through his hair, and I know that he's still on edge. Mac is lying on the bed, stomach exposed and covered in gel, but she's cradling it with her hand, rubbing it gently.

"You alright, Mac?" I ask, rubbing her leg.

"Yeah, just a bit confused. I mean, why would he need to check something with the doctor?"

"Maybe the baby is just big or something."

"Or maybe he needs to check that there isn't a third leg, and it's actually his huge penis," Daniel butts in, a smirk on his face.

"Daniel!" Mac whacks his arm as he just laughs at her. "It's a girl, I just know it."

Five minutes later the technician and the doctor walk in. After shaking hands with Mac and Daniel, they get right back down to business. The technician puts the wand on Mac's swollen stomach, and the baby is on screen again with the heartbeat racing in our ears. I turn my head, trying to focus on just the heartbeat. I can hear the second one, but it is a lot faster than mine.

After a few minutes of nodding and pointing at the screen, the doctor asks the technician to move the wand over and in the screen I see two heads. Say what?

I look at Mac who is now propped up on her elbows, her eyes wide as she turns her head slowly and looks at Daniel who has raised a hand to his chin, engrossed in the sight before him. He stands up, not letting go over her hand.

"As you can see, we all got a little surprise here today. Congratulations, you're having twins!"

I gasp.

Mac groans and drops her head back onto the bed as Daniel just stands there dumbfounded and speechless.

Twins. Who saw that coming?

Mac had a hard enough time wrapping her head around one baby. Now there are going to be two? I sense a Mac freak-out level ten coming sometime in the future.

"Holy shit, Daniel. You are a superhero, aren't you. With super sperm it seems," I say, trying to avert the inevitable.

Mac glares at me. "Not helping, Kate."

"Sorry, but isn't this great? Twins! Get your two kids over and done with all at once," I explain, trying to make her feel better, but not knowing if it's working at all. Her face is expressionless now. I think the shock is setting in.

Daniel leans over the bed, still holding Mac's hand as he whispers in her ear. She turns her head toward his, and they kiss before he touches his forehead to hers, resting it there.

"Both babies are okay though, right?" I ask, not wanting to break up the moment Mac and Daniel are having.

"Yes, the OB will talk to you more about everything as you'll need to be monitored more closely now, and you'll also have regular ultrasounds, but Twin A is the bigger one of the two. Twin B is slightly smaller, but they're both strong and healthy."

"And how did they not know there were two babies in there?" Yes, that's me, the nosy bitch who has to know everything.

"Without a scan, the OB was likely using a Doppler to listen to the babies' heartbeats but would've been unable to tell that there were two in there, hence how baby number two was missed. Look, I know this is a lot to take in, and as I said, the doctor will talk to you more about the ultrasound once we're finished in here. Would you like to know the sex now?" He turns and looks at Mac and Daniel, waiting for their answer.

"Yes," Mac whispers, still looking at Daniel who is still leaning over her. This moment is so special that I kind of feel like an intruder. I stand up to leave.

"No, Kate, please stay. I want you here."

"Ok, babe, I'll stay."

I watch as both Mac and Daniel turn their heads, their hands entwined as they watch the screen cheek to cheek and wait for the news.

"Twin A is a bit of a show off today, so definitely a boy. Can you see that..." the technician explains, pointing between the baby's legs where there is a small, but obvious penis on full display.

"There's my boy," Daniel says quietly.

"And now for Twin B...this is a bit more difficult. Mac, can you just roll a little bit to the left for me...great, now just a moment. We need to wait for the babies to move."

"Holy crap, that wasn't a kick, that was an entire body roll," Mac contends.

"There we go. Twin B is a bouncing baby girl. So you've got one of each, congratulations." The technician gets up and wipes Mac's stomach with a towel before she takes over the job herself.

Daniel stands up and shakes the technician's hand, the smile on his face unforgettable. "Thank you."

"Not a problem," he says. "If you just head back to the waiting room, the nurse will call you when the doctor is free."

"Holy crap," she whispers as Daniel leans back to stand up beside her. "Holy crap. Holy crap. Holy crap."

"Gorgeous, we'll get through this. You said I was your superhero, but to me, you're the strongest, most determined and capable woman I've ever known. We can do this. There are two of us, and there will be two of them." He leans down and kisses her belly.

God, this guy knows what to say and when to say it. Mac's right, he needs to run classes on this shit.

"Okay," she says, her eyes wet with tears again. "Goddammit, no wonder I've got leaky eye syndrome. There are two of them in there working against me. Oh my god. My vagina is going to be as big as the grand canyon once they're finished with it."

Through my laughter, I step forward and wrap my arms around her, squeezing tight as she clings to me and cries happy tears into my shoulder. "You're gonna be awesome," I say into her ear.

I leave them in the waiting room, walking back to work with a huge grin on my face and butterflies in my stomach as I remember my date with Zander tonight. I can't wait to see what he has in store for me.

Chapter 18: "Just The Way You Are"

KATE

"You're joking, right?" Zander asks, shaking his head at the news that Mac is pregnant with twins. "That is unbelievable. She must be freaking out, surely."

"Not really," I reply, lifting my glass of red wine to my mouth.

We're at an amazing French restaurant that Zander told me he found on the internet and chose because of their menu and the reviews. He really put his homework into this date.

Arriving home after work, I was greeted with a glass of chill Pinot Grigio-my wine of choice-and a kiss that left me no doubt that the night ahead would test all of my rules and ideals. I had a shower, got dressed and headed to the living room where I was struck by the sight of Zander wearing a pair of black slacks and a tailored grey, pin-striped, short-sleeved dress shirt that fit him like a glove. He'd also done his hair up into a fauxhawk which made me drool. Literally.

Remember the drooling at both ends text? Times that by one hundred and that was me, standing in the doorway staring at my date.

Which leads us to now, finishing up at the restaurant after an awesome meal. Zander really did well on the restaurant research. He has almost eliminated my last horrible restaurant dating story from my subconscious. I said almost.

Throughout the meal, he has been very attentive and sweet. Hand holding across the table, a touch here, a foot rubbing against mine there. And now my body is humming at such a high heat I'm afraid I'm going to combust if this man even looks at me the right way. I've never felt like this before. It's never been this exciting, thrilling, and terrifying, all at the same time. Whatever he has planned next, I say bring it on. Whatever happens, by the end of the night, something is going to happen, three date rule be damned.

ZANDER

Tonight has been beyond perfect. All my planning has paid off, and Kate seems relaxed, happy, comfortable with me. It has been one of the best dates in my life. Honestly.

Checking my phone and seeing that it is only nine o'clock, I quickly rack my brain for somewhere else for us to go.

When we step outside the restaurant, I reach between us and grab her hand, spreading her fingers with mine and entangling them. She pauses, looking down between us before turning her gaze up to me, a huge grin on her face. But it's not just a smile. There's something more there. I hope like hell I'm not seeing things.

"I was thinking we could go for a walk around the park? I don't know about you, but I don't want this date to end just yet," I say.

Kate grins up at me, her eyes sparkling in the street lights. "Me either. I'd love that, Zan."

We start walking and she shocks and amazes me by wrapping her arm around my waist, ducking her head under my arm and cuddling into my side as we reach the park. God damn, she feels good in my arms. I knew she would, but the heat coming off her body is setting my mind into overdrive. I hear her sigh as I place my hand on the curve of her hip.

"Are you cold, babe?"

"Not anymore," she murmurs, nestling in deeper.

Fuck, this is hard. Fuck, I'm hard. Her soft, hot as f**k body resting against mine, and of course my dick would think that it was on like Donkey Kong. All I want to do right now is get down on my knees and worship this woman. Or better still, get down on my knees, strip her naked, and worship her in a myriad of ways, some of which I probably haven't even thought of yet.

Unable to stop myself, I lean down and kiss her on the top of her head, then smile to myself when I hear and feel her release a sigh of contentment.

We reach the center of the park, and I see a small clearing lined with tall trees. With the chance to get some privacy, I can't stop myself moving in that direction. To my surprise, Kate doesn't hesitate; she simply holds on tight to my chest and continues to walk with me. At the edge of the clearing, I stop in front of a large tree trunk. Putting my hands on her hips, I push her out slightly so that she's facing me.

Those gorgeous blue eyes of hers look up at me, and I'm shocked when I see that they're sparkling with dirty thoughts. In fact, they're mirroring the exact thing that is going through my mind right now, I'm f**king sure of it. When I see her bite her lip and look down at the ground bashfully, I lose the ability to think with any part above my waist.

I move my body close to hers, slowly dragging out the moment until we touch again, loving the fact that she doesn't shy away from me as I step toward her.

Lifting my hand up to her face, I push a wayward hair that has fallen across her cheek, sweeping my fingers across her warm skin as I tuck it back behind her ear.

"Do you know how beautiful you are?"

She shakes her head, and I see the blush crawling up her cheeks. God, I love that blush. It makes me want to trace my tongue along her collarbone and up the soft skin of her neck until she moans for more. What I wouldn't give to have her coming apart under my hands as I take her to the edge over and over again. Shit. Back it up, Roberts. You'll end this for everyone before you've even begun.

"Beautiful is not enough of a word to describe you. You're electric, you're alive and vibrant, and when you look up at me like that, you make me feel invincible. I've been staring at you all night, wondering how on earth I got so lucky to have met you, to spend time with you, to get to know you."

I run my hand down her cheek, turning it over and trailing my fingers down her neck, holding a grin back when I feel her heartbeat racing under my touch.

"I feel lucky too. I thought you didn't want me," she replies softly.

I grit my teeth, and I can feel the tick in my jaw going crazy. She really doesn't see herself how the world sees her, and it grates on me that my one moment of chivalry-that took every ounce of my self-control to do-made her feel unwanted.

Taking a step forward, I push her slightly backwards until her back is against the tree trunk. I know we're alone in this clearing at the moment, and I know that what I'm about to do will push her limits more than I was intending to tonight. But it's time my little firebird understood exactly what she does to me, and how much I truly want her.

Her little gasp as she realizes what's about to happen spurs me on as I lift my hands to her jaw and move my mouth in close to hers, waiting just inches away and staring into her eyes as we breathe each other in.

"I'm the lucky one," I say, peppering kisses along her jaw before circling my tongue just below her ear. Her head falls away as she offers more of herself to me. It's taking everything I have to hold back. "God, you are sexy," I murmur against the soft skin of her neck as I trail my tongue down to her exposed collarbone. I feel her body shudder against me.

"Zander," she whimpers. "Someone could see us." I lift my head and tangle my hand in her hair, my other hand possessively gripping her hip as I lean into her, letting her feel every inch of me.

"Let them see, babe. You're beautiful, stunning, and I'd love someone to see that I've got a woman like you rubbing her body against mine." I move the back of my hand down her neck, and around the swell of her gorgeous breast. Cupping my hand around her, I love how she fills my hands perfectly. What did I tell you? Every man's wet dream and I'm the lucky bastard with her right now.

"Tell me to stop, Kate. I don't want to push you too far."

"I can't stop." Her voice is low, full of want and need. It is the sexiest sound I've ever heard. "Don't stop."

"You need to know the affect you have on me. You need to feel whatever this thing is that's going on between us."

"I feel it. I've been feeling it all night," she answers breathlessly. Her tongue darts out and wets her lips, and my eyes watch the innocent movement as if it's the most intriguing thing I've ever seen in my life. In all honesty, it's hot as hell. I just want to reach out and run my thumb against her lips, feeling them part under my touch. My dick twitches at the mere thought of it. Damn, what is this woman doing to me?

Leaning closer so that my entire body is now flush with hers, I bend down, making sure my hard c**k is firmly nestled against her pelvis. She groans as I lean my full weight against her.

"You okay?" I ask, moving my mouth to the crook of her neck, softly nipping the skin and soothing it with my circling tongue. When I hear a breathy whimper escape her lips, I lose the short tether of control I had left. I lift my head and crash my mouth onto hers. My right hand shifts back and tangles in her soft red hair as my left hand curls around and grips her ass, pulling our bodies as close as they can get without melding together.

But it's all about the kiss. It's not about my hard body pushing into her deliciously soft one. It's about our tongues entwined together, exploring each other as if we're starving. And I am. I'm starving for her.

She wraps her arms around my neck and deepens the kiss even further, and when she starts making soft moans into my mouth, I lose it completely. As our lips continue to mesh in a passionate frenzy, her breathing starts picking up, her moans get louder, and it dawns on me that my little responsive pocket rocket might actually be getting more than we both bargained for. In that moment, there is nothing I want to give her more. Here, in the middle of Lincoln Park, I want to give her everything I have.

My grip on her ass tightens, my fingers twist in her hair, and my tongue takes on a mind of its own as I caress hers, gently sucking it back into my mouth. As her breathing gets sporadic, and I feel her whole body tense up like a spring ready to explode, I gently scrape my teeth against her bottom lip, and with one long continuous thrust, grind my c**k hard against her clit, causing her to cry out into my mouth as she comes apart in my arms.

I pull away and look at her, her flushed cheeks, her panting breaths, and her eyes wide as she stares back me.

"Did you just..."

She nods, so slightly that I may have missed it had I not been studying her gorgeous face. Her head drops as she moves her hands from my back and twists them in her lap.

"Has that ever happened to you before? Because god damn, babe, that is the first time I've ever almost come from making out."

She shakes her head and giggles.

I turn my hand up, placing my thumb under her chin and lifting her gaze to mine again. "That was the hottest thing I've ever seen. If that happens just from us kissing, from us just touching and kissing, imagine how hot it's going be between us when we get to the good stuff."

A sly smile grows on her face, her red swollen lips curling upwards as she cups my face in her hands, leaning in and lightly kissing me before tracing her tongue along my bottom lip. "Wanna see if you can do it again?" she whispers against me.

Fuck! Don't have to ask me twice.

My little firebird is a pocket rocket of sexual energy. I'm still reeling after making her come from just kissing and some fully clothed frottage. That was f**king mind-blowing, and the sounds she makes when coming are almost enough to make me mess my pants.

After finding the strength to kiss her goodnight and go to bed alone, my brain and, of course, my dick will not switch off.

While not sleeping, I conjure up hot scenarios in my head where I get to kiss her all over, or I make her come while taking her hard against the wall of an elevator. The best one is my lap covered by a sea of fire engine red hair as she gives me head at the top of the Ferris Wheel at Navy Pier Park.

I fall asleep with a smile on my face, wondering how my little firebird is holding up.

One more date.

Chapter 19: "Vision of Love"

KATE

My second date with Zander was epic. I mean, EPIC. He gave me two orgasms through my clothes by kissing me with a few carefully timed thrusts against a tree in a Chicago city park. I was shocked the first time it happened, as well as a little embarrassed. Who comes from just kissing and heavy petting? Me obviously, since we proved it wasn't just a one hit wonder. But despite my mind and body having other ideas when we got home, Zander was again a perfect gentleman, kissing me against my bedroom door before pushing me behind it and bidding me goodnight.

Stupid f**king three date rule. Who was the dumbass who wanted to enforce that one?

It's Friday, and Zander is out working a full night of gigs, so I went out for a quick bite to eat with Nathan, and now I'm snuggled on the couch watching How to Lose a Guy in 10 Days and trying to learn some tips. You know, just in case I decide to try and ruin whatever is growing between the two of us. It may have only been two dates, but we've been living together for nearly three weeks and we have known each other, albeit at a distance most of the time, for over a year.

We haven't had "the talk"...is "the talk" even something adults do anymore? Who knows, but I log on to Chicago Singles and send one last message to Nightdancer23 before I cancel my profile.

After reading the message three times, and editing it twice, I push send. I know it sounds distant and formal, but as much as the intellectual connection was there between us, without meeting in person and seeing whether that physical connection was there, it was never going to be anything more than an online friendship.

Fireinthesky24: Hi. Sorry for not coming on here sooner, but I've been a bit distracted, of the good variety. That friend I told you about who was staying with me and was taking me out for a date? Well, things are going really well with him, and I'm hoping that things continue to go well with him. Part of that means canceling my membership to this site. I feel that it's disrespectful to stay on here when I should be focusing on building the relationship with him. I hope you understand, and I just want to let you know how much I've enjoyed talking to you. It's been great to make a friend on here, if not anything else. Who would've thought I'd meet a guy offline after trying to find one online? I wish you all the best in the future, and I just know that a great, funny, easygoing guy like yourself will get snapped up super quick.

Now I'm waiting for Zander to get home. I don't want to seem like the eager beaver by waiting up for him...get it? Eager beaver? Well, actually, that's not far from the truth to be honest. I'm so pent up. I've been trying to rip the label off my wine bottle all night-yes, I'm one bottle in and on a roll-and my nether regions are so ready to party that they're threatening to pack up and leave town.

So what is a girl to do? She waits up for her two date maybe boyfriend to finish stripping in front of hordes of horny, drunk women, and come home to her, hopefully needing some relief of the oral variety. Or the vaginal variety. How about two for the price of one?

Remember, when I'm drunk I become very loose-lipped, so you'll have to bear with me.

For the past few days, all I've been able to think about is Zander's mouth...and his arms...and those firm biceps that feel so good under my hands...and that hard steel between his legs that I've felt on more than one occasion now...

So what is a girl to do? Get drunk, get horny...ier, and wait for her man. I want him to be my man, desperately. I find myself excited to wake up in the morning and see his gorgeous face waiting for me with a freshly poured brew in his hand. I'm eager to finish up work and get home in the hope that I beat him just so that I can make dinner for him, and I love snuggling up on the couch with him watching mindless television, just spending time together.

There has been no pressure from him for sex. Nothing more than the heavy petting in the park. I'm well aware of his penchant for public, outdoors sex, and although my sexual adventures have generally been indoors, and probably nowhere near as thrilling as his have been, I'm more than willing to give whatever he has to offer a try. Try everything once, maybe twice just to be sure.

I check the time and see that it's after eleven p.m. With him still not home, and my drunken mind wandering to rather dangerous places, I pour the rest of my wine into my glass and drink my sorrows away.

And that is the last thing that I remember.

ZANDER

After three gigs, I'm mentally and physically exhausted. I may work out, but dancing and performing for forty-five minutes is way harder than you think. And three of those in one night is borderline insane but the boss was caught short, so I offered to cover. My theory is that if I earn enough tonight, I can take a day off next weekend, or even the whole weekend to rest and spend time with Kate.

I've got it bad, and I don't even care if I sound like a sap. She is better than I could have imagined. Three times this week I've come home from the academy, and she's been cooking dinner for us with a cold beer in the fridge waiting for me. What makes it better still is that I'm totally not expecting her to do it, but she tells me she wants to. We still haven't had sex, we haven't even slept in the same bed together yet. But shockingly, I'm in no rush. I want Kate to stick to her three date rule. I don't want her to have any reason to question what we have and what we're building.

When I finally walk in the door close to midnight, I find a blank screen on the TV and a sleeping Kate curled up on the couch with her wine glass clutched in her hand like her life depends on it. I grin at her. She looks so damn cute and she's making these adorable soft snoring noises, but it's more than that. She was waiting up for me, and I've never had that. I've never had this intimacy, this level of anything with a woman before, and I like it. I like it a lot. Is this what happens when you embark on relationships not solely based on casual sex? If so, I think I might have been missing out.

I put my bag down, and after turning off the TV, I wrench the wine glass from her hand, and place it on the table behind me. I see an empty wine bottle on the coffee table and chuckle to myself as I lift her up into my arms, cradling her against me with one arm around her back, the other underneath her knees.

She buries her head in my neck as I walk toward her bedroom. The smell of her hair-a vanilla concoction I've seen in the bathroom-fills my senses, and f**k if it doesn't fill my brain with thoughts that are really not helpful right now. The warmth of her breath laced with her favorite wine taunts me as I pull the covers back and lay her down on her bed, softly placing her head on the pillow. She opens her eyes slowly, smiling when she sees me. She wraps her arms around my neck to stop my retreat.

"You came home." Drunk or not, thinking that this is home for me isn't too short off the mark.

"Of course I did. Didn't want to be anywhere else," I reply as I kiss her forehead.

"I want you," she whispers in a soft drunken slur as her eyes close again. She tries to pull me closer, but I put an arm to the bed and hold my ground, leaning above her and taking in the sight of my drunken cute as hell firebird in person.

"I want you so bad it hurts, babe, but my plans involve you being sober, coherent and very much awake. So how about we wait for that third date and really make it worth our while?"

Her hands slip down my chest, gripping tightly to my T-shirt. "Hmmm. Stay with me then," she rasps, opening her eyes again. I can see how much she wants this. One look like that, and I'll give her the world and ask her if she needs anything else.

"Never thought you'd ask." She loosens her grip, allowing me to stand. I reach over my shoulder and pull my t-shirt off before stepping out of my jeans.

"Do you need to get changed, babe?" I ask, earning a shake of her head, her eyes closing again as sleep threatens to take hold. She's wearing a tight tank with no bra which I'm begging my c**k to ignore, and short, silk pajama bottoms.

"Nope...I'm perfect." Yes, goddammit, you are.

I walk around the four-poster bed. All it needs is drapes around the sides, and it would be like those princess beds you see in movies. I remember when I first saw her room all those months ago, and thought it was a perfect fit for her. Never did I think I'd be sleeping with her in it. And only sleeping.

As I get into bed and lie down, Kate rolls over and straight into my arms. Oh shit. I'm in f**king deep trouble now. This girl...that body...those damn, silky shorts...my c**k jerks awake, cursing me for teasing him constantly.

No, this is not about sex. It never has been with Kate; otherwise I would have been in this bed, in various stages of nakedness, long before now. I might as well hand in my man card because this girl has gotten under my skin in the seven weeks it's been since I saw her in the bar on her date. Bullshit, it was well before that, but now I don't think there is any way I can get her out again, even if she tried.

My last thought before sleep finally takes me is how the f**k did I get so lucky.

KATE

I wake up plastered to a warm body. And I mean plastered. One arm is underneath my head, the other is over a slow beating heart, my legs are tangled with long, hard muscular ones and my pelvis is being stabbed by either a rather hard stick, or the stiffest c**k I've ever felt against me.

Nope, I must still be dreaming. There is no way I could have dragged Zander to my bed and had my way with him-finally!-and not remember it. That would be a violation of the 'all that is holy' girl code, and that wouldn't fly. You never just 'sleep' with a man like Zander, you let him own your soul.

I lie there for a few more minutes, my mind racing at thoughts of what I'm wearing, was it cute, what happened last night, then oh shit, my hair must be a mess, my breath must be horrendous and-eww, yuck!-I forgot to brush my teeth before bed. Then there are the flashes of memories. The way he carried me to bed, how I nuzzled his neck, how happy I was that he was home, and him telling me he didn't want to be anywhere else.

I smile and slowly open my eyes, being met with the gorgeous sight of Zander Roberts lying in my bed beside me, his eyes still closed, his breathing steady as he sleeps off his late night. He must have gotten home late if I had conked out on the couch. He must think I'm such a lush.

Lying beside him as still as I can, I decide that if I never have this opportunity again, I owe it to myself to at least explore my surroundings.

In short, his body.

I prop my head up on one elbow and start with his smooth chest. I can't imagine him having chest hair, but if he does, he obviously has to keep it short for his night job. Fuck if I don't like it smooth, though. I flex my fingers gently into his pecs as I watch his flat ni**les harden. Damn, that's hot. All I want to do right now is reach over and run my tongue over his chest. I wonder if he'll wake up if I do that? Is it crossing the invisible line that we, more specifically I have set for no sex before the third date. Can it be argued that we've had many dates, just not of the official going out and doing something variety?

Deciding that I should take opportunities like this while the going is good, I lean my head down and softly lick over his nipple. He tastes just like I imagined; his skin slightly salty, but oh so f**king delicious. I feel his heartbeat race, and I swear I feel his c**k twitch against my thigh, but it doesn't deter me. I rake my fingertips down his abs, counting in twos and stopping at eight, just as the V of his hips begins to taunt me.

"Don't start something you can't finish, babe," I hear from behind my head as I jump in fright.

I pull back and look up to see the most devilish grin on his beautiful face.

"Hi," I say sheepishly.

"Hey yourself. Couldn't help yourself, huh?" His shit eating grin gets bigger.

"Seems not," I say. "Although, in all fairness, I was surprised to wake up plastered against you."

"Why? You asked me to sleep with you, and I couldn't help but oblige." The bastard winks at me when my expression changes to that of horror.

"I did not ask you to sleep with me! Oh shit, did I?"

"I don't know whether to be offended or amused."

I feel my cheeks go hot. "I mean... um... did I ask to sleep with you?"

"You asked me to stay with you, after telling me in your very adorable drunken sleepy state that you wanted me."

Deciding that now is not the time to back down to my insecurities, I just nod. 'Well I do, so that wasn't the drunk or sleepy part of me talking."

With a quick flip, I find myself lying flat on my back with his hard everywhere body pressing down into mine. "That would explain the early morning discovery mission then," he adds.

God, he feels good lying on top of me. "Mmm hmm."

"For the record, I loved sleeping next to you. You're a very cuddly sleeper." He rests his weight on one arm and sweeps my hair back off my face, causing my breath to catch.

"I always have been. Ask my mom. I used to wake up in the middle of the night and crawl into bed between her and dad for years," I say nervously.

"Well, if you ever wake up in the middle of the night, you're always welcome to crawl into bed with me," he says. His eyes seem to study my face, but I can't stop my eyes from dropping to his lips. Have I told you how much I love kissing this man?

"If you keep looking at me like that, I'm going to be forced to kiss you."

"Mmm hmm," I reply, totally distracted by the perfect curved lips that are just inches away from mine.

"You asked for it."

Suddenly, his tongue is in my open mouth, and he's kissing the life out of me, but I'm not complaining. I'm fully on board with this move. So on board that I grip his hair in my hands and pull his head even closer, his still hard c**k against my stomach, my thighs clenching his.

He pulls back all too soon. "Babe, I have to stop or else I'm gonna lose it, and I want our first time together to be special for you. Not a five minute romp where I totally embarrass myself with my lack of endurance."

I giggle at the absurdity of that sentence. There is no way that Zander would ever have any issue with stamina. "I think we've proven that you have more endurance than me when it comes to kissing."

He looks down at me and smirks. "True, although in your case, that was one of the hottest f**king moments in my entire life."

Holy mother of god. That just amps up my libido again, and I wish he'd just take me now.

Squeezing my thighs against his hips, I pull his head down and whisper in his ear, "You sure we can't just skip the third date and go straight to the sex?"

His entire body goes rigid, and he pulls back to look at me, finally breaking his gaze when he shakes his head as if he's trying to break himself out of a haze. "Babe, I told you it would happen, but you didn't believe me."

I frown, not following him.

"I told you it would be a hard task keeping you from jumping me. Maybe the drunken cuteness was just a ruse to get me into your bed." Then the bastard winks, and I know he's playing me.

"Cocky much?" I say, swatting his shoulder.

With one deep long stroke up my stomach, I instantly regret my choice of words.

"Much. Now I'm going to go cook pancakes, for breakfast this time, and once you mistakenly convince yourself that you've improved on the gorgeous goddess I had the pleasure of waking up to, your coffee will be waiting for you."

With a quick, hard kiss, he achingly pulls his body away from mine, and I get the fine view of his boxer clad ass walking into our joint bathroom.

It's a good morning indeed.

Chapter 20: "It's Time"

ZANDER

This week has been hell, filled with final testing at the academy to make sure we're ready for field training next week. Talk about being physically and mentally draining. I've felt so bad for Kate. By the time I get home, she's lucky to get half an hour out of me before I'm collapsing in bed or falling asleep on the couch.

Don't get me started on the weekend either. I ended up being bribed into working for a night at the bar with Zach because he was two people down and desperate, and the other night was back to back gigs.

I've had no time to organize, let alone think about our elusive third date. And as much as I want to, I'm losing my resolve to stick to her three date rule. Ever since last weekend, we've been sleeping in her bed. It just sort of happened, and despite nothing more than sleeping all over each other and early morning make out sessions, there has been no third base action, let alone the home run we both crave.

But dammit, it's hard to keep to my promise. Part of me, mostly the lower half of me, is thinking about just jumping her and saying to hell with the third official date. It's not just me, either. Kate has been pouting and dropping hints all week. My favorite was when she argued with me, quite passionately, that our pancakes for dinner could be classed as our first date, which would make the zoo our second and dinner our third and that we should just 'do it already'.

It has been such a long time coming, I think I've built it up in my head to the point that it is stressing me out. I want the big romantic gesture. I want it to rock her f**king world. As much as I want to give her the toe-curling orgasms and hear her scream out my name as I pile drive into her pu**y, I want it to be more than that. I want to get so lost in each other that you can't tell where one begins, and the other one ends.

Fuck, that's it. I really am turning into a f**king girl.

Now it's Monday morning and I'm waiting to meet my Field Training Officer-FTO. For the last month in the academy, I'll be working out of a CPD precinct with the FTO to make sure I'm fully prepared and aware of the reality of my new career. It's all well and good to get weapons training, regular physicals, and be taught all of the laws we have to uphold, but out there in the real world it is a whole new ball game.

It would be like trying to play baseball with a blindfold. You know about it, you hear about it, but if you can't cope with the game when that blindfold is ripped off, then you're going to be no use to anyone, are you?

According to my paperwork, which also proudly declares that I 'passed with flying colors', my FTO is Sam Richards. So you'll imagine my surprise and confusion when a statuesque uniformed woman walks into the room and shuts the door to the interview room before sitting down at the desk opposite me and opening up a brown folder. She holds out her hand to shake mine. "I'm Samantha Richards, and I'm going to be your FTO for the next few weeks. We've got a lot to talk about right now, but I'm sure we'll get to know a bit about each other while we're working general patrol."

"Zander Roberts. But you probably know that."

"Yep. Says it right here in front of me," she replies deadpan.

Tough audience. Well, field training sounds like it'll be a bunch of laughs with her around.

A week of night shift and I am exhausted. And if you thought I was pent up before I started my field training rotation, then times that by ten now. Kate and I have barely seen each other, let alone done anything to each other. That third date seems like a distant dream to us right now. I get home to Kate dressed and ready to leave for work, and by the time she gets home, we have enough time to eat dinner together and maybe sit and talk for a little while before I'm getting ready for another shift. It's been hell, and definitely an eye opener as to what life is going to be like as a rookie cop on the streets once I graduate.

Don't ask me why, but although we've only been on two dates, everything between us has been intensified. It must be because we're living together. To be honest, I don't think I would have liked it any other way. So I really do owe Mac a drink when all of this is said and done-and she's drinking again, of course-since it was her crazy hairball matchmaking plan that put the kick up my ass.

It's not surprising that Kate and I have taken to texting to talk to each other since my job and her job are starting to get in the way of us being able to spend any significant time together. I'm missing her, and it makes me feel a hell of a lot less girly to know that she is missing me just as much.

As the week drags on, and the weekend arrives, the texts between us have turned rather heated, and this afternoon is no exception.

Kate: Would it be bad if I just took matters into my own hands tonight?

Zander: Not helping, babe. Now all I can think about is your hands touching everywhere that my hands, mouth and dick should be.

Ten minutes later, she replies.

Kate: God, I wish you were with me right now.

Zander: Babe, you're killing me here.

Kate: The waiting is killing us both then.

Zander: Is that why you took a bath last night?

Kate: Well, I was rather 'tense' after our texts yesterday. I thought it would be fairer if I 'relaxed' when you weren't home. You know, just how you 'relaxed' in the shower without me this morning when you got home from your shift. The difference being I heard every torturous groan.

It is nearly 6 p.m., and Kate is due home any minute. I decide that enough is enough. We need to go out on our date, tonight. No more waiting, no long term planning.

I hear the rattle of the front door handle and get up off the floor from doing my push-ups, leaning against the kitchen counter wearing my workout shorts and nothing else.

"Zan, I'm ..."

She spins around and stops short when she sees me. She's wearing a sleeveless black dress that falls a few inches above her knees and has a deep, round neck that skims the top of her br**sts. One look at her and I'm hard as granite in less than a second.

"Come here," I say hoarsely.

She drops her bag at the door, kicks her heels off, and runs toward me, jumping up just as I stand and brace myself to catch her. Our mouths crash together, and we're all tongues and lips as we try to get impossibly closer to each other. My hands cup her ass as her hands cup my cheeks. She sucks my tongue in the way she knows drives me crazy and I lose control.

I spin around and sit her on the kitchen counter. Her hands tangle in my hair as I drag my hands down her body resting them on her hips. She catches my bottom lip in her teeth, and I growl into her mouth as I plunder her mouth with renewed veracity. She pulls away and I trail my lips along her jaw, kissing her neck.

"We should...Zan..." Her voice trails off as I suck hard below her ear. "Argh, f**k that feels good," she moans.

"We should stop," I murmur against her skin, continuing to work my way down her neck to the hollow of her throat.

"No! Don't stop."

I stop and pull back, looking at her intently. We're both breathing heavily, the air between us crackling as the seconds stretch out.

Running a hand through my hair, I look to the floor, trying to calm myself down. I want this so f**king bad it hurts, but Kate's rule is important to her; I know this. I don't want her to have any regrets, or any thoughts that we rushed this. I don't want her to question anything about being with me, about us.

I look back up to meet her eyes, and they have gone soft.

"Zan, it's okay. I want this. I need this."

KATE

With my legs still wrapped around his hips, and my hands woven through his hair, we just stare at each other. His eyes are full of hunger, reflecting everything he's seeing in mine.

"But you said..."

"You wanted the third date."

"Screw the third date," he says before he slams his mouth hard against mine again and reaches behind me, fumbling for the zipper of my dress before pulling it down and watching as I pull my dress away from my shoulders.

"Screw me instead," I say, whimpering as he unclasps my bra, throwing it over his shoulder before taking one of my aching ni**les into his mouth, sucking hard and making me wetter than I thought possible from foreplay. Hell, this is pre-foreplay, and I'm already prepared to beg for his c**k to be inside me.

"Babe, I'm yours. Have been for a while now." He puts a hand on my shoulders and pushes me down so that my bare back is touching the cold countertop. He runs his hands over my br**sts, stroking and tugging on my hard ni**les before grabbing my dress and shimmying it down my body until I'm lying there in nothing but a red lace thong.

"God, I wish I could take my time with you," he hums as he hooks his fingers into my panties and pulls them down my legs, baring my naked pu**y to him for the first time. "Fucking perfect," he mutters before leaning down and covering my clit with his mouth and sucking hard, flicking the hard nub with his tongue over and over until I'm writhing around him. My thighs clench his shoulders, and my hands go to the back of his head as my body struggles to hold back. He's even better than in my dreams.

He adds one finger, then two, pushing them inside me and easing them in and out, creating a devastating rhythm with his tongue. This is better than anything I could have imagined. Real life Zander, his mouth between my legs, his fingers thrusting inside my pu**y. I feel my climax building far too soon. Way too fast.

Without warning, he lightly scrapes his teeth against my clit and adds a third finger, and I come hard around him, arching my back and crying out his name. I even think I called him God a few times too, but in that moment, he was a god.

He grabs my hands, which may have pulled some of his hair out and pulls me up so that we're chest to chest again. I reach between us and palm his hard length through his shorts. "Babe, you keep that up and it'll be over before it begins."

"I need more. You need more." I slip my hand under the waistband and wrap my hand around his cock, my fingers not able to touch around him. My eyes widen and he grins at me before kissing me again, his lips meshing with mine as his tongue invades my mouth in a sweet, welcome assault.

I squeal when he leans over and reaches beside me, grabbing his wallet and pulling out a condom, then handing it to me before snaking his hands around my back and pulling me hard into his body.

Grabbing my ass, I squeal as he lifts me from the counter with apparent ease and carries me to the couch.

Kneeling on the floor, he sits me on the edge of the couch while he stands to pull his shorts off, giving me my first unadulterated view of every inch of his G.O.G body.

"Like what you see, babe?"

"Always have," I say, looking up at him. He growls and kneels in front of me again. I wrap my fingers around him again, stroking his cock, skin on skin for the first time. He feels so damn good in my hands.

"God, you're beautiful. I'm the luckiest guy in the f**king world right now." His voice is low and husky, and my pu**y clenches instinctually.

"Need you, Zan," I whisper, kissing his lips and speeding up my hand on his cock. His breathing becomes labored, and I can see sweat beading on his forehead. He reaches down and stills my hand, giving me a cheeky grin which turns heated when I rip the condom wrapper and reach down, rolling the latex over his swollen head and down his length, gently cupping his balls before shifting my hips in line with his, wrapping my legs around him and positioning the tip of his pulsating c**k inside of me.

I lift my hand back to his neck and pull him in for a slow, teasing kiss. I move my mouth to his ear. "Take me, Zan. I know you want to."

He pulls his hips back and thrusts deep inside me, his hands gripping my hips to hold me flush against him as he holds still, buried to the hilt. Nipping my neck with his teeth, he growls as my body accommodates him. He leans up, and we stare at each other. I look down to where we are joined and flex my kegels, making him groan. "Fuck!"

He thrusts deep again, making my head fall back as the pleasure of every lunge forward he makes threatens to overcome me. My nails dig into his back, holding on for dear life as he proceeds to f**k the living daylights out of me.

Why the hell did we wait so long?

Reaching down, he moves his thumb hard and fast against my clit, and I buck wildly against him as I start panting. "Babe, I can feel you. You're close again, aren't you?" he asks. I nod my head profusely as I seek out his mouth, whimpering as I kiss him deeply, moving my hips fast to meet his. With one last deep thrust, I'm thrown head first over the edge, catapulted into an orgasm that wracks my entire body as a tidal wave of pleasure sweeps through me. Zander's body goes rigid as he finds his own climax. Our bodies stick together as we slump on the couch, and I welcome the weight of his body on mine as we wait for our heart rates to subside.

He lifts his head and gives me a slow, languid kiss. I love that he can be so soft and gentle after losing control like that.

So much for three dates.

ZANDER

This time it isn't going to be rushed. My tongue rubs against hers in slow, languorous strokes as I carry her in my arms into her room. I walk into her room and use my foot to slam the door closed behind me. Walking to the bed, I put my knee down and gently lay her underneath me. She loops her arms around my neck and stares up at me. Her bright blue eyes bore into my soul, branding this moment onto my very being. Her sex mussed hair and flushed cheeks give away exactly how good our kitchen encounter was for her.

Hell, I'm still coming down from the high myself.

"Hey you," I say, bending down and kissing her nose before rubbing mine softly against hers, moving down until my lips are gently pressed against hers.

"Hi."

I'm savoring the taste of her, the taste of us together. Relishing every single second of this moment. Kate, my firebird, finally with me in every way possible. I brace my arms on either side of her body, holding my weight off her as I continue to stare down at her.

I've always wondered what it would feel like to be this connected to someone.

My mother told me that she knew my father was the one within a few weeks of meeting him. I didn't believe her because my memories of my father are still so clouded by his behavior in the years leading up to his death. But she said that she felt something deep within her soul when she looked at him, touched him, kissed him...she said she felt claimed.

Kate has me, all of me. I feel claimed.

I'm totally caught. Hook, line and sinker.

Chapter 21: "The Grind"

KATE

A month later

I'm happy. I'm actually happy. Over the moon, deliriously jubilant, feeling as if I'm on top of the freaking world. It's been a month of togetherness. Proper, no holds barred, sexed up togetherness, and every time we're together it just keeps getting better.

I've never felt like this with someone. When I was with Liam, I thought I was in love, but that was naive, young puppy love. Compared to what I'm feeling now, it was nothing. It was barely a pinprick in the soul.

It may be too soon; I may get hurt. But I could also cross the street tomorrow and get hit by a truck. Life's too short to worry about how long you've been with someone, and whether it's too soon to fall in love. I think a part of me fell in love with Zan the night he told me I was worth a lifetime of making love to. Most guys would have gone for the night of hot drunken sex. But not him.

And as you might have guessed, Zander never moved back to his apartment with Zach. When Zach finally called to say the apartment was ready, we talked about it, and I asked him if he'd like to stay living together. I took his tackle hug to the floor, and the subsequent three orgasms he bestowed on me as acceptance enough.

We've talked about fantasies. Things I've never had a chance to do with a man because I've never been in a relationship like this. We can both be ourselves. We don't have to hide or pretend. I don't want to jinx it, but I'm definitely considering the possibility that I've finally found what I've been searching for.

I've come home from work early to an apartment filled with the sounds of The Grind by Aerosmith. Intrigued, I follow the sounds to our room and stand at the doorway as my boyfriend dances his way seductively around a dining room chair that he's placed in the middle of the room.

I stand there watching him, his bare chest moving seamlessly as he rolls his delicious eight-pack. It's enough to short circuit my brain. I'm mesmerized. The only time I've seen him dance was at Sophie's party a year ago, and then that night at the bar.

His hips move in time to the music, his face full of concentration as he tries to move from one step to another sequence. Shaking his head, he starts again, repeating it over and over until it smoothly transitions into the next. I can't tear my eyes away from him, and when I catch his back muscles flexing as he stops to take a drink of water, I decide I've had enough watching; now I need to touch him. Actually, my legs have already started moving toward him, and my body is simply forced to follow.

He turns as I put my hand on his shoulder, his face breaking into a sexy grin. "Hey fire... babe. How long have you been home?" I look at him with a puzzled expression. It's not the first time he's almost called me something else.

I brush it off, winking at him as I reply, "Long enough to get hot and bothered watching you."

"Well, in that case, instead of picturing me dancing for you, I think it's time I gave you your first lap dance." He waggles his eyebrows at me, and I melt. Wrapping my arms around his neck, I lean up and kiss him, easing my eager tongue into his mouth. His hands gravitate to my ass as they always do and squeeze as he meets my tongue stroke for stroke. It's as if he's f**king my mouth and it's freaking divine. Too soon for my liking, he ends our kiss.

"How was your day?"

"Better now."

"I'd hope so." He leans down and gives me a hard wet kiss. "Now, sit." I sit down on the chair and lean down to pull my heels off. "No, leave them on. I'll take care of those."

I look down and realize my black skirt has ridden up and is barely covering the goods. I look up at Zan whose eyes are glued to my newly exposed lace top stockings.

"Damn," he growls. "You've had these on all day?"

I nod, biting my lip. "What are you going to do about it?"

"You're about to find out, babe. Prepare to have your world rocked."

"Just my world?" I ask with a smirk.

He growls. "You're going to get it now, babe." He walks over to his iPod dock and changes the song, the room suddenly filled with the sound of Talk Dirty by Jason Derulo.

He saunters toward me, throwing his hips out slightly as he takes long sweeping side to side steps until he's standing in front of me. He bends at the waist and leans into my space, dragging his tongue lightly around my mouth. I gasp, and he takes the opportunity to swipe his tongue inside my mouth, withdrawing just as I try to reach for him.

"Uh, uh," he scolds me playfully, shaking his head. "No touching, or management reserves the right to spank you." Well, f**k! That just sounds hot, making me question whether I should behave myself or not.

He grabs my hands and reaches around the back of the chair until they're touching. "Leave them there, naughty girl," he says into my ear, nipping my earlobe before standing up and putting his hands on his hips. I'm almost panting; he's got me so turned on already, and he hasn't even started dancing for me yet. My heart is beating out of my chest, and all I can think about is bypassing the stripping and moving straight to the horizontal dancing festivities that I know are going to follow.

"What are you thinking about, dirty girl? I can see your brain is working overtime." He stands and starts moving his hips in time with the music. His pants are sitting low on his hips, drawing my eyes to the muscular V lining his pelvis. I'm tempted to lean in and trace it with my tongue, but he's out of reach now.

With every twist and turn of his body, he moves his hips closer, bracing his arms on the back of the chair on either side of my body as he gyrates and thrusts his hips against me. I can see the silhouette of his erection, and I'm itching to grab it, but with a slight twitch of my arm he moves away again. "No touching, ma'am, or else I can't be held accountable for my actions."

"Maybe that's exactly what I want." I look up at his knowing face and can tell he's just as desperate as I am.

"Is this how you dance for everyone?" I ask with a raised brow. He's watching my chest as it rises and falls, my low, cle**age-baring V-neck top taunting him.

"Hell, no. This is all for you, baby. Maybe I should strip these clothes off you first."

"Do it."

He runs his hands slowly down my body, taking his time to knead my aching br**sts with his fingers before reaching my hips and grabbing the hem of my shirt, lifting it up and over my head, trapping my hands behind my back.

"Hey, I may need my hands."

"Not for what I have planned. Maybe I like you like this. It means I can worship your body without any distractions."

"I distract you?" I moan as he leans forward and sucks my nipple through my satin bra.

"All the f**king time," he mumbles as he moves to the other side, repeating the action on my other breast. "Fuck, you smell good. All day I've been dreaming of this."

He slips one hand up my skirt, which is now hitched around my hips. Suddenly, his big talented hand is down the front of my panties, and he's stroking me in time with Gorilla by Bruno Mars. I can barely keep my ass in the seat as I try to match his movements.

"Zan, don't stop."

"Screw the dance," he mutters before hooking his hand behind my neck and pulling my mouth hard against him. I suck hard on his tongue, making him growl into my mouth which just spurs me on even more. My hips lift up to meet his fingers, which are now deep inside me, while the tip of his thumb circles my clit. I feel the familiar pressure building deep inside me.

"So close, Zan."

"I know, babe. Let me hear you. I wanna hear you cry out my name as you come all over my hand. Then I'm going to make love to you hard and fast until you scream all over again." His voice is husky and deep, and I know he must be dying to be inside me.

"Zander. Fuck. Yes!" I cry out as my orgasm crashes over me. He continues to plunge his fingers inside me, prolonging the pleasure as it courses through my entire body. When I come down, I'm still sitting in the chair, Zander leaning over me and watching my face intently.

"I love you."

My eyes widen as I take him in. The look of sincerity on his face is my undoing. My eyes fill with tears. "I love you too. And if I could, I'd touch you everywhere right now."

He looks at me with wide eyes. "You love me," he says in disbelief.

"You love me." I smile at him and lean forward, softly kissing his lips as if we have all the time in the world.

I pull back and we sit there, grinning at each other like a pair of idiots.

"Can you let me go now?"

Chapter 22: "Love You Like A Love Song"

ZANDER

It's the day before my police academy graduation, and today I finally get to see my mom and sisters again. It's been four months since I saw them last, and that was before Kate. So as you can imagine, Kate is a nervous wreck about meeting the other four important women in my life.

She's been tidying the house for days. Anything out of place stresses her out, and I swear she's rearranged the entire house three times in the past week. It's cute that she wants to impress my family, but I wish she'd just relax and go with the flow. Yesterday, I decided she needed to calm down, so I went all caveman on her, carrying her over my shoulder and putting her into a cold shower. She forgave me once I joined her in the shower and relieved the tension in other ways...first with my mouth, then with her back against the bathroom wall and her legs wrapped around my hips.

What can I say? I'm a caring boyfriend who always looks out for his girl.

Zoe texts me when they are an hour out of Chicago. Mom still thinks I have no clue they are coming, so we didn't want to ruin the 'surprise' for her sake. They're going to be staying with my Aunt Jen for a few days after the ceremony before heading back to Indiana.

Kate has taken the morning off work so that she can meet my family. She's already changed her outfit twice, telling me that she has to look nice without coming across as trying hard. That, and she really wants my sisters to like her. I explained to her that Danika is fourteen and will like her regardless, but especially because she's a hairdresser and can do her hair for free. Mia will be the same, and Zoe is just a female version of me. Apparently, I just don't understand. Must be a girl thing.

I hear a knock at the door and look at Kate who has wide eyes and is fidgeting. I walk over and cup her face in my hands before our lips meet and I give her a soft but deep, probing kiss. I pull back before kissing her nose. "It's going to be fine, babe. You look gorgeous, and they'll love you."

"Says the God of Gorgeousness..."

"God of Gorgeousness?"

"You." She blushes and I want to take her all over again.

"As long as I'm your God of Gorgeousness I'm fine with that."

"And, you have four women who already love you unconditionally." She grumbles.

"Only four?" I ask, raising a brow.

"Oh, you know what I mean. Of course, I love you. Maybe I just have some conditions that include unfettered access to your man parts and a lifetime of orgasms."

"Deal. Where do I sign?"

"Oh stop and go open the door," she says, laughing.

Mission accomplished; she's smiling and not as nervous now. Perfect.

I open the door, and Mom tackle hugs me immediately. "Mom, what are you doing here?" I say, totally playing it up.

"Zander Jeremy Roberts, let me look at you. Oh my beautiful boy. You're looking too thin. Have you not been eating? I promise you, if you're not eating, I'll kidnap you and make you come home until you fill out again."

"Mom, leave Zan alone. Hey, big brother," my sister Zoe steps forward and gives me a hug once mom lets me go. Zoe is tall for a woman at 6 foot and is pretty much a beautiful female version of me. You can't believe the number of times we were confused for twins as kids. She's got long, wavy blonde hair and aqua-blue eyes that have always gotten her attention with the guys. Those guys, in turn, always got attention from me in the form of my fist if they treated her badly.

Kate comes up beside me, and I immediately wrap my arm around her waist, pulling her close to my side. "This is Kate, my girlfriend. Please play nice."

"Oh, please, Zan, she puts up with you. She deserves a medal." Mia surprises Kate by hugging her without warning. "I love this dress. You'll have to tell me where you got it from."

Kate looks up at me in surprise, and I just grin and shrug my shoulders. "Told you so," I whisper, making her giggle. "And Danni, c'mere squirt. How's tricks?"

"Good, although Mom has stopped letting me answer the phone. Our vegetarian neighbor wasn't happy when I answered, '"Mike's House of Meat, What's your beef?" Apparently it wasn't funny."

I burst out laughing, earning a puzzled look from Kate. "Squirt, don't ever change."

"Not planning on it, Zan. So...are you nervous?"

"About what?"

"Your graduation tomorrow! You've got to get up in front of everyone."

"Yeah, but it's cool because I'll be doing it with all the people who have worked their asses off like me to graduate and become police officers. So you better behave or else I'll have to arrest you."

"Like you would!" She stands there defiant, hands on hips. Typical f**king Roberts woman. I love it.

I look over and see Kate and my mom talking closely. I wrap my arm around Danika's shoulders. "All of my girls under the same roof. I'm a happy man. Now, who's ready to get some lunch. This Roberts is hungry."

"Let's go then. My boy must be kept fed. You're still growing."

"Mom, I'm twenty-three years old. I'm not a teenager anymore."

"Almost twenty-four. Your birthday is next month."

"What?" Kate says loudly. "You didn't tell me that, Zan."

"It's okay, Kate. I'll give you my phone number. You can call me anytime and ask about my Zander."

"Sounds like a plan, Helen." She winks at me, and I just grin. I want to kiss the hell out of those smirking lips, but it might not be the best idea in front of my sisters.

I look at Zoe's back in front of me and stop walking when I see the smallest bit of ink peeking out the top of her shirt. "Zo, what's that?"

"What's what?" she asks, pretending to be clueless.

"The tattoo on your back?"

"Well duh! Of course, I have a tattoo on my back. My boyfriend's a tattoo artist. I designed it, and he put it on my back. It's only small."

"Hmm. Next you'll be covered in them."

"Oh, sorry Dad. Next time I'll ask permission, shall I?"

"Don't be like that, Zo. It was just a shock. That's all."

"Remember, you're my brother. Stop being so damn overprotective."

"Zoe, I think he just cares about you. It's the big brother thing. I have two of them," Kate explains. I see Zoe's shoulders relax, and she slowly smiles at me.

"Sorry, Zan. I'll tell you when I get the next one on my hip done." She giggles and runs ahead to catch up with Mom and the girls.

"You're amazing. Have I told you that lately?" Using the arm around her waist, I spin Kate in front of me and kiss her hard and fast. "I'm lucky to have you."

"Don't you forget it, buddy," she replies playfully.

"Never will," I murmur as I kiss her forehead and move her back to my side as we head towards Kate's first Roberts' family lunch.

KATE

Lunch with Zander's family is awesome. His sisters are friendly and down to earth, just like him, and his mom is the sweetest woman I've ever met. I was stressing over nothing, but I won't admit that to him. He's got his last gig tonight. Ever. The last time he'll ever strip in front of a bunch of horny, drunk women. I plan on being the only drunk, horny woman who sees him naked from now on.

I leave Zander to spend time with his family, and hurry to the salon to work the late night for Nathan. He called me this morning begging me to cover him, and Zander said it was okay as long as he could swing by the salon at closing for a haircut.

He strolls through the salon door just as I'm cashing out the register. I bid Georgia, our new apprentice, goodbye and lock the door behind her. She makes sure to get an eyeful of Zander as she walks past him, and it grates on me.

I hear him chuckling behind me as he sits down in one of the chairs, linking his hands behind his head and stretching out his long denim clad legs in front of him.

"Quite comfortable there?" I ask with a smirk.

"I'm with you. Of course, I'm comfortable."

Seriously, this guy never fails to make me smile, swoon, and squirm in one simple sentence.

"How was the rest of your day?" I ask, trying to change the subject to concentrate on the task at hand.

"Great. Ended up going shopping, and then we had a quick bite to eat before they went off to Aunt Jen's. We'll see them tomorrow after the ceremony." He watches me as I do a final check of windows and doors, then turn off all unnecessary lights.

"I'm glad you got to spend time with them, Zan. I can tell you love your family very much." I walk toward him and squeak when he pulls me into his lap and kisses me.

"I missed you today," he says between kisses. I'm flushed and breathless, but I somehow manage to reply, "Me too."

"You still okay to cut my hair, babe?" he finally asks, pulling away.

"Absolutely. Come to the shampoo bowl and I'll give you a wash." I hop off his lap, grab his hand and lead him toward the shampoo station. "So what do you want done?" I ask as he lays back in the chair. I run my fingers through his hair, lightly raking my nails over his scalp. He lets out a groan that runs right through me.

"Haircut, trim...Fuck, that feels good, babe." His head goes heavy in my hands, and his eyes close as he gives in to the pressure of my fingertips gliding through his hair.

"I know. I'm known for my scalp massages."

"Your hands are like a secret weapon," he says, his voice low and gravelly. I know that voice. It's what I call his 'sex' voice. It's the way he speaks when he's deep inside me and losing control.

"I thought you'd know that by now," I say, my voice dropping into a sultry teasing tone. He leans his head back and looks up at me with those piercing blue eyes of his.

"Oh, I know, and that filthy mouth of yours. I told my sisters you had a potty mouth."

"You did NOT!" I playfully whack his arm, which just makes him laugh.

"I did, but Zoe and Mia cuss like crazy, so you're not alone."

"Well as long as your mom still thinks I'm nice."

"You are nice, babe. You're perfect. Mom and the girls thought so too. It seems we have their approval."

"We needed approval?" I ask, not sure if he's being serious.

"Fuck, no. If they didn't like you, I'd just keep you holed up at the apartment for the rest of our lives as my personal sex slave."

The rest of our lives.

Holy shitballs, Batman. That's the stuff that dreams are made of. He should really stop saying flippant comments like that because I'll just get my hopes up that I've found my forever guy. You know, the one who makes my heart skip a beat, makes my blood boil, and rocks my world nightly.

Okay, maybe it's too late, and I'm already thinking that. Maybe I've found my soul mate, and he was just in front of me the whole time.

"Kate? You still with me?" he asks.

I shake my head when I realize that I've zoned out. "Yeah. I just kind of got lost in my head."

"I gathered that. Everything okay?" He turns around and looks at me.

"Just perfect." I lean forward and kiss him briefly before washing out the shampoo from his hair. I grab some conditioner and repeat the process again, washing it out a few minutes later.

As soon as I shut the water off, I feel a change in the air. I walk around and wrap a towel around his head, drying his hair as I rub my fingers through the towel. I hear a chuckle, and I look down, realizing that my boobs are right in his face.

"Follow me, young man," I say turning and walking away, deliberately swinging my hips. I look over my shoulder to find exactly what I expected, his eyes glued to my ass.

"Why haven't I gotten you to cut my hair before now? I bet you have a ton of male clients."

"I get my fair share. Why's that?" He sits down in the seat and I stand back, looking down at him expectantly.

"Babe, have you looked in the mirror lately? Those gorgeous tits in their face, that ass to watch the rest of the time when they're not staring at your tits...I'm surprised they're not lining up at the door."

There he goes, complimenting me and making me blush again. As much as I try to ignore it, the heat between us increases. I get an idea and scan the room, taking in the half-frosted windows lining the front of the salon, the solid wood and very locked front door, and the muted lighting which just makes Zander's face appear darker, the heat in his eyes unmistakable.

"I feel a little overdressed." I reach behind me and lower the zip of my skirt, shaking my hips as it slowly falls down.

"Really?" His voice is strained. His eyes follow the path of my skirt as it pools at my feet. His gaze travels back up my legs, feeling like a soft caress and causing me to shudder when his eyes reach mine. "I'd hate for you to be overdressed. Would be a shame." He licks his lips, and I see him swallow hard as he tries to control himself.

"Such a shame," I reply, slowly unbuttoning my shirt, watching his face as my shirt slowly falls open, exposing my purple silk bra. His eyes darken, the hard outline in his lap letting me know he appreciates my latest purchase. I feel so sexy as if I'm unwrapping myself as a present just for him. I can barely think past kneeling in front of him and taking his c**k in my mouth.

"Ah, the haircut, babe." His voice is tight. His fingers are gripping the arms of the chair, his eyes glued to my body as I slip my shirt off and throw it onto the floor.

"The hair cut can wait. I think I need to show you my deluxe service." His eyes widen, and he licks his lips.

"The one you show all your male clients?" he asks with a raised brow.

"No." I take a step toward him and kneel down in front of him. His Adam's apple bobs in his throat as he swallows again, the lines of his throat tightening in anticipation as he realizes my intentions. I know he wants the same thing because his 'want' is on display hard and proud in the front of his jeans. I run my palms up his legs, laying my hand on his length through his jeans and stroking a few times. I see his body shudder as he growls, missing my touch immediately.

"Babe, I..." he stutters as I undo the button and pull down the zipper, reaching in to pull out his hard cock.

"I want your c**k in my mouth, Zan."

"It's all yours baby," he replies, his voice so low I feel it deep inside me.

I wrap my hands around him, lowering my mouth to swirl my tongue around the swollen head. His hand cups the back of my neck, his fingers tightening in my hair as I trail my tongue down the shaft to his tight scrotum. I run my tongue over him before moving my mouth back to his shaft and taking him deep in my mouth, right down to the base.

"Fuck, babe," he moans. His hips buck up as I move up and down his shaft. I use one hand to fondle his balls while reaching up under his shirt with the other to play with his ni**les the way he likes.

His legs tighten around my body, his frenetic breathing telling me he's getting close. "Uh uh, baby girl. I want to finish inside you."

I wriggle the point of my tongue under the head of his c**k one more time before standing up. "I want that too, Mr. Roberts." I bite my lip, the heat in his eyes making me squirm. I lean forward and kiss him, nibbling on his bottom lip before our tongues meet. His hands grab my hips, his fingers gripping just enough for me to feel the bite of his desperation. I feel his lips move down my neck, licking a trail to my aching br**sts. The cool air touches where his mouth has been, sending a delicious shiver through me. Leaning over him, I reach down and slip my breast out of my bra. Suddenly his mouth is on me, sucking hard as he catches my hard nipple between his teeth and tongue, forcing my knees to buckle.

"Love the taste of your skin, babe," he murmurs appreciatively. His other hand releases my other breast and he moves his head over to repeat the action.

"God, that feels good." I squeeze my legs together, trying to ease the throbbing ache between my legs.

"I know what will feel better," he says with a grin.

I look down at him, and the gleam in his eye is almost my undoing. He pulls my thong down my legs, kicking it away with his foot when I step out of it. "This bra needs to go too." He reaches around my back and unclasps my bra with one hand. I shrug it off and toss it in the direction of my other clothes.

"You next." I raise an eyebrow and giggle when he reaches up and tears his T-shirt off. I take a step back and pull his jeans down, stopping to pull a condom out of his back pocket.

Now we're standing in front of each other naked as the day we were born. He grabs my neck and pulls me hard against his body for a spine tingling kiss, making my legs weak. He spins my body around and grins at me in the mirror across the room from us as he kisses my neck and sucks hard on my collarbone, leaving a red oval mark.

"Mine," he growls. All I can do is nod, speechless and turned on beyond belief as I watch our reflection. "Now, I want to watch you come all over my cock."

He sits down on the edge of the chair and pulls me in close. Still facing away from him, he reaches around my hip, stroking my clit in a perfect rhythm before reaching down and sliding his fingers through my wet slit. "You're so wet for me. Sit down on my cock, babe," he rasps before guiding me down onto his lap, impaling me in one well aimed thrust.

"Ah," I cry out as he lifts me by my hips, my body sliding up and down like a rag doll as I ride him reverse cowgirl style. With every thrust down, he bucks me back up.

"Look at me, babe," he growls. Locking my eyes with his in the mirror, I feel my pu**y clench tightly around him as I take in the erotic picture before me, moaning wantonly as he continues to pound into me.

I reach my hand down between my legs, not able to look away from the ravenous expression on his face. "Oh f**k, yeah. Play with yourself. I want to see you make yourself come all over my cock, baby."

I'm getting good at matching his dirty talk since he told me it makes him hard as a rock when I cuss during sex. Apparently the word 'freaking' is not sexy enough. "Fuck me harder!" seems to be a favorite along with, "I want your c**k in my mouth." That's actually a favorite of mine too. It makes his eyes light up as if it's the Fourth of f**king July. Oh, and me playing with myself while he's buried deep inside me never fails to impress either.

"Fuck me harder, Zan."

"I'm close, baby, move those fingers faster. Play with your clit. I want to feel your pu**y grab me like a vice."

"Zander, I'm coming!" I manage to cry out as I climax around him.

One more thrust and a guttural moan escapes his mouth as he comes deep inside me. The look of pure ecstasy on his face as he climaxes sets me off once more as I ride out a second orgasm.

"Holy shit, babe. Fucking hot as sin. I f**king knew it."

I turn around and look at him over my shoulder as he leans forward and gives me a slow, sweeping tongue kiss. "Knew what?"

"Knew you'd go off like a rocket." He grins at me like a cat that got the cream.

Three orgasms later-two for me and one for Zander-I finally finish trimming his hair.

My life is bliss.

Too bad it isn't going to last.

Chapter 23: "Baby Love"

KATE

A month has passed since Zander's graduation. He looked so freaking hot walking on stage in full dress uniform, and I could tell how pleased he was that his family was there to watch him graduate. His mom and sisters were so proud; it was written all over their faces. They were all crying...well, except for Danika who yelled "Whoop!" when Zander's name was called out. Afterwards, we all went out for dinner, and I truly felt embraced by the Roberts family.

Which brings me to now. It's baby shower day. We've decided that it should serve double duty as a birthday party since Mac is turning the big twenty-five.

I've been waiting a long time for this baby shower. Seven months, in fact, ever since I first found out Mac was pregnant. Of course, now we know that there are two babies coming which just means twice the presents, twice the guests, twice the fun. We've decided to hold the shower when Mac is seven month's pregnant so that if the babies decide to arrive early, she won't miss out.

Mac has no idea what I've planned, but Mrs. Lewis has been calling me non-stop for the past month with ideas and updates and checking the details. It's also going to be the first time Daniel's mom and Mac's mom meet. The men will all be down at a local bar having a few beers, but they'll come back in time for presents. Zander made plans with Zach before I could talk to him about it. It just shows how thoughtful he really is. He knows today is about Mac and Daniel and doesn't want to make anyone feel uncomfortable. I'm still hopeful that in time, we'll all be one big group of friends and any history between Mac and Zander will be forgotten.

Since the baby shower doesn't start until 2 p.m. and Mac's parents aren't arriving until 1 p.m., Zander and I decide we have just enough time for a quickie before he leaves for the afternoon. That is why Mac finds us not twenty minutes later with Zander's jeans around his ankles and my legs wrapped around his hips as he holds me up against the wall and f**ks my brains out.

Embarrassment level ten! I scream, Zander starts laughing, and Mac had a look of horror on her face. Good times all 'round, not!

"Oh my f**king god!" she shrieks as she opens the front door to have her eyes assaulted by the two of us going at it. "Seriously! My parents are going to be in this room in an hour, and you guys are stinking up the place with your sexing."

After Zander let me down, and I rearrange my clothes while giving him time to think of dead puppies or naked grandmas, I turn to look at her and say the first thing that comes to mind. "Really?"

"Really what?" she asks with an annoyed look on her face as she moves into the kitchen.

"You don't remember a similar situation, oh maybe four months ago, where I walked and found Daniel plowing you on the coffee table?"

"This is classic, babe. Hey, Mac." Zander says, giving me a kiss before whispering, "I better leave you to it."

Mac watches Zander go before turning her attention back to me. "Wow, these decorations are awesome."

"Nice subject change. What are you doing here anyway? Apart from clam jamming me."

She smirks. "Well, I think it's only fair given the number of times you've clam jammed me over the years?"

"The last time I walked in on you and Superman you kept f**king going. Does. Not. Count."

"True. Although there have been other times that Daniel and I were getting busy and you'd go into the bathroom or come home, and it would totally ruin the mood. That could be classed as clam jamming. Daniel's parking the car, so imagine if it had been him walking in on you two going at it like two teenagers in heat at a drive thru."

"I would've called him a clam jammer too. You're a bunch of box blockers, the lot of you." I turn and stamp down the hallway to find my penis- I mean, Zander.

Half an hour later, I'm showered, relaxed-thanks to my handy helper Zander and his magic tongue-and in the kitchen surrounded by Daniel and Mac's mothers who are bickering over everything. I'm busy playing referee while Daniel and Mac sit on the couch and watch the show.

Zander walks out of our bedroom into the living area and goes over to the couch, shaking Daniel's hand and giving Mac a kiss on the cheek before coming to see me in the kitchen. "I'm out of here, babe. Text me when the coast is clear, and I'll be straight back."

"Are you sure? You don't have to go, Zan. This is your home too now."

"I know, but today is about Mac and Daniel. And if it were one of your ex-lovers, I wouldn't want him here either. We'll get past this awkward stage...maybe in a year, or five, but right now I'm going to hang out with Zach since he's feeling a little neglected. I'll see you later, love you."

"I love you too." I reach up on my toes and turn his light peck into a deep, probing kiss before standing back down on my flat feet again.

"What was that for?" he asks, catching his breath.

"Just wanted to give you a reminder of what's waiting here for you."

"Won't ever forget that, babe. Wherever you are, I wanna be. Forever and always."

Well f**k me dead and call me Nancy. Forever and always. There's a new one.

The baby shower is awesome. A lot of Mac's workmates turn up as well as relatives from both her families. We play games like pacifier throwing, sniffing 'dirty' diapers that have chocolate in them, and of course, guessing the size of Mac's now huge baby belly. When the guys return a few hours later for food and presents, the party gets louder. Mac can't wipe the smile off her face, and I'm over the moon to see her so happy.

She has her happy ending, and I'm working towards mine.

ZANDER

Wanting to be out of the house for the afternoon, I go down to the bar to hang out with Zach while he worked. The plan being that we'll grab dinner on his break later on.

I need some time out of the house to get my head straight. My guilty conscience has been making its presence known more and more lately. It's been three months since I've moved in with Kate, and five months since I started talking to her as 'nightdancer.'

She thinks that I'm so noble, so honest and upfront. How can I go on letting her believe that when I assumed an online identity to talk to her? It's eating me up. I love that girl so damn much, and I want to give her everything her heart desires. What she demands is honesty, and my deceit, or what she will see as deceit, could be our undoing. Everything we've been working towards, building together, is at risk.

"You look like your dog just died," Zach announces as he replaces my empty glass with a full one.

"I haven't told Kate about the online dating thing."

He looks shocked. "You f**king idiot. Do you want to lose her? Is that what this is about? Dude, that stuff festers and you're gonna ruin everything before it's had a chance to take hold. "

"It's already f**king taken hold, Zach. I'm in love with her, and I want to be with her, but how the f**k do I say 'oh, by the way, you know that guy you've been chatting to on the net? Yeah, that's me. So what's for dinner?'"

He smirks at me. "Well no, but you need to tell her, and soon. Are you guys still talking on the site?"

"Wouldn't have a clue. I haven't logged on for months. Oh shit, what if she's messaged me?" Fuck! I've been so wrapped up in everything Kate that I didn't even think about the site. She was my sole reason for me being on there after I'd fulfilled Zach's dare.

"Well, how about we check." Zach walks away through the bar's back door, returning a few minutes later with his laptop. "Here. Go wild, just no p**n . The boss will chew me out. Again." I crack a smile, but I have a horrible feeling at the pit of my stomach.

I bring up Chicago Singles and log in, feeling sick when I see one message from Kate which was sent weeks ago.

FUCK! I slam my fist down on the bar, shaking the bottles lining it and grabbing everyone's attention.

Zach looks around the bar. "Sorry guys, won't happen again. What the f**k dude?" he whispers loudly.

I turn the computer around and show him the screen. A minute later he looks at me, his face full of sympathy. "Shit, Zan. You have to tell her asap."

"I know," I say, resigned to the fact that tonight may be my last night with Kate. Mac warned me dishonesty was Kate's deal breaker, and I've been lying to her for months. She struck up a friendship with me, but didn't know who she was talking to. She got drunk, laughed and shared her feelings with this version of me, some things she hasn't even told me in real life. Come to think of it, she's never even told me she was on an internet dating site. Was she ashamed of it?

I'm broken out of my thoughts when I see Daniel and two older guys walk into the bar and take a seat at a table in the middle of the room. There's no way I can avoid talking to them without coming off as a bastard, and I don't have a problem with Daniel. In fact, he should really have a problem with me.

I look over, and lift my chin when he does the same. He grins at me and jerks his head, inviting me to sit with them. Well, this should be interesting at least.

"Hey man," he says standing up and slapping my back. "This is my father, Will, and Mac's father, John." I shake both of their outstretched hands before taking a seat next to Daniel.

"We're leaving the women to it and decided to come down here for a few drinks and some pool. You want to join us?" John asks.

"You sure, man?" I ask Daniel.

"Yeah, of course. The past is the past, and I'm looking toward the future in a big way," Daniel says. I raise my brow and look at him and he gives me a chin lift to let me know everything is fine. I don't miss the fact that his whole body looks tense, and he looks nervous as hell.

"So what do you do for work, Zander?" Will asks as I lift my beer bottle to my mouth.

"I'm a rookie cop. Graduated a month ago."

"Congratulations. That's a fantastic career. Have you always wanted to be a cop?"

"I've always been protective, so it just seemed like a natural progression."

"It's the best way."

"So Daniel, when are you going to make an honest woman out of Mac and give those twins a committed family unit," John pipes up. I choke on my beer and look at Daniel who takes a deep breath before leaning forward to rest his elbows on the table.

"John, part of the reason I wanted to bring you here is to talk about that. Mac is the love of my life. I think I fell a little in love with her the first time I met her, and I fall more in love with her every day. I see our children growing in her belly, and I picture our life together in five, ten, fifty years. I've worked hard to get where I am, and I worked my ass off to get Mac in my life. I'll continue to appreciate every single day that I'm with her and tonight, on our way home, I'm going to ask Mac to marry me, and I'd really like you're blessing."

Will and I watch as John frowns, considering Daniel's declaration of love for his only daughter. John makes him work for it, keeping him waiting while he makes 'mmm' and 'ah' noises, like he's seriously considering whether to give his permission or not. Daniel starts to shift nervously in his seat, and I swear I can see sweat on his forehead as he waits for an answer.

"John, I think you better put my boy out of his misery. Look at him, he's a mess," Will says with a shit eating grin on his face.

"Oh, okay. Please take her off our hands, I've been waiting twenty-five years for this. But I'll tell you one thing..."

"Ah yes." Daniel looks up, looking confused as hell as if he's wondering what he's going to say next. I mean c'mon, he is Mac's dad. Her crazy had to come from somewhere.

"There are no returns, no refunds, no warranties and no money back guarantees. You want her, you've got her. For life. Until you take your last breath."

"Wouldn't have it any other way, John." Daniel stand and holds out his hand. John stands up and shakes his hand before pulling Daniel in for a man hug.

"Welcome to the family, Daniel. She couldn't have picked a better husband and father of her children than you." Well, shit. I feel like an intruder now.

"So you're asking her tonight?" John asks, flagging Zach and ordering a round of whisky.

"I want to ask her before the babies arrive, and since it's her birthday, it will be a day she'll never forget. She'll always remember her birthday as the day I asked her to marry me."

"Well, this calls for a decent drink to celebrate," he states emphatically. "It's not every day I gain a son."

"I'll always do right by her, John. I promise you that."

"Enough, Daniel. Our Mac needs a superhero to keep her in line," he says with a wink.

I knew Mac got her crazy from him.

"Should Mac ask our permission too?" Will asks with an amused voice.

"Don't you start, old man. You're gaining another daughter and two grandchildren. You're getting a great deal already," Daniel says with a laugh.

"Too true," he replies.

"Now, enough of this sappy shit. Let's grab our drinks and head over to the pool table. I feel like kicking some ass," John announces, standing up just as Zach returns with four tumblers of Macallan on the rocks each. He quirks an eyebrow at me, and I just nod, letting him know I'm fine.

We all walk over to the pool table and spend the next few hours talking shit and playing pool with Daniel, his father, and his future father-in-law. It was just what the doctor ordered ahead of what could be one of the worst nights of my life.

Chapter 24: "The Mess I Made"

ZANDER

I'm sitting on the couch surfing the internet when Kate comes dancing through the door, literally bouncing with happiness.

"Hey, babe," she says cheerfully, dropping her purse on the counter and heading toward me.

"Hey. How was your day?" I ask, putting the computer on the coffee table and holding my arms out to her. She jumps into my lap, making me grunt in discomfort before she gives me a soft sweeping kiss.

"It was the best day ever. Daniel proposed to Mac on the L in front of a bunch of total strangers. It was epic."

I chuckle at her excitement. "That's awesome. I'm really happy for them. He asked Mac's dad for his permission at the bar this afternoon."

"You had a drink with Daniel? And the dads?"

"Yeah."

"Oh Zan, that's awesome." She bounces in my lap, which makes my dick jump to life like there's a party in Kate's pants and it wants to gatecrash. Suddenly, my mind is clear of everything Mac and Daniel and full of everything that is Kate naked underneath me.

"Babe, you keep looking at me like that, and I'll have you on your back in five seconds flat."

"Don't make promises you can't keep." Her eyes fall to half-mast as I run my arm up her back, tangle my fingers in her soft red hair and pull her lips to mine. My tongue moves in for the kill, seeking hers and rolling over it causing us both to groan into each other's mouths. I need her naked; I need to be skin on skin. Suddenly, we're ripping our clothes off, and I'm lying on top of a naked Kate on the couch.

"See," I say, a cocky smirk on my face.

"Now you got me, what are you going to do with me?" She raises an eyebrow, her eyes dancing with amusement, but still flickering with lust.

I thrust my hips against hers, my aim right on target as she moans loudly. I lean down and kiss her, taking her mouth as if it's the last time I'm ever going to kiss her. Reaching between us, I stroke my fingers over her wet pu**y, circling her clit until she's writhing against my hand. She's wet as hell, and it's all for me. Her whimpers and moans are driving me crazy and I know I need to be inside her. Overcome with feeling, I move my knees out slightly so that they fall between her thighs, opening her up to me.

"Fuck. I need to go grab a condom."

She reaches up and cups my jaw in her small hands. "I want to feel you, Zan. I don't want anything between us. I'm safe, and I'm on the pill. I trust you."

I hover over her and watch her face for any uncertainty. Fuck, she trusts me. The intensity of this moment threatens to pull me under, but I shove it back and slowly push my way inside her. She grips my back, her fingernails digging in just enough to sting. Fuck, I love this woman, and by God does she feel good wrapped around my cock.

"Baby, you feel like heaven."

"Mmm," she says before kissing me again. I slow down and make love to her, taking my time and savoring this moment. It may be the last time I see her. The last time I can touch her, be with her. Whatever happens after our talk tonight, I know that I'll always love her. Nothing can sway my feelings. She's it for me. My princess. My life. As we climax together, I kiss her slowly. With every stroke of my tongue against hers, every caress of her lips, I'm memorizing every part of her; her taste, her smell, the cute little sounds she makes when she's turned on.

"I love you," she murmurs against my lips. Her husky voice reaches my heart, squeezing hard. I never thought I'd hurt her, but this is the mess I've made. I only hope she'll listen to me long enough to give me a chance to explain.

KATE

After a shower and another orgasm from Zander's talented mouth, I'm sitting on the couch twiddling my thumbs. Zander said he wants to have a talk after dinner, so I'm kind of anxious. I see his laptop open and decide that I could check my emails to pass the time until he's dressed and ready to go grab a bite to eat.

"Zan, Can I use your computer to check my emails. The battery is dead on mine," I yell down the hallway.

"Sure, babe. Password is firebird."

Firebird? Where have I heard that name before?

I type the password in and open the web browser, typing in my email account and waiting for the page to load. I check out his bookmarks and notice "Chicago Singles" as one of his most visited pages. That doesn't seem right. Zander would never need to go on an internet dating site. I mean, he's the God of Gorgeousness. He doesn't need the internet. He could just flex a muscle or lift his shirt, and he'd have women attacking him. It's worse now that he's working full time; the police uniform is rather f**king hot.

My curiosity piqued, I click the page open. I freeze when I see his login name.

Surely this is some practical joke. There's no way that Zander, my Zander, could be nightdancer23.

No, no no no. There is no way this is happening.

Firebird.

Nightdancer.

Night dancer. 23. He was a f**king stripper, a night dancer, and he's twenty-three.

Holy f**king shit. Am I that naive?

Nightdancer is Zander. My Zander. My boyfriend. The man who just fifteen minutes ago had his mouth on me as I screamed out his name.

My breathing picks up as both panic and anger run through my body. Calmer than should be possible, I put the laptop back on the coffee table and sit back on the couch, thinking through all possible outcomes of this cluster f**k.

Do I ignore it? Forget about it? No. What has been seen cannot be unseen.

In my head, I run through everything we talked about. Did I approach him, or did he seek me out? Was this a prank gone wrong? No, I can't believe that. Zander isn't cruel. He could never do that, could he? Lying is a big sticking point for me. My deal breaker. He knows that.

Do I ignore it and wait for him to come clean? Fuck that, he's had every opportunity to tell me about this, so do I confront him now and risk everything for the truth?

With every minute that passes, my body grows tense, my anger increasing. My heart feels as if it's being squeezed tightly inside my chest.

I keep overanalyzing this, knowing that it will drive me insane not knowing the truth. I've always believed if you love somebody, truly love somebody, you don't lie to them. Not about something like this. He's been lying to me for months it seems, and worse still, he'd messaged me as nightdancer after he'd moved in as well. What the f**k was he playing at?

He probably thought that he didn't need to tell me the truth anymore since I sent that goodbye message a few months ago.

Why has this happened to me again? The last person I let lie to me was Liam, but this is far worse because I've let myself see a future with Zander; living happily, in love, and hoping that this was it for me, for us.

I thought I'd finally found my prince; the person who made me see the world brighter, live life fuller and who I'd love unconditionally.

When Zander walks out of the hallway, his expression changes to one of concern when he sees my face. I just stare at him, my expression one of shock.

"Babe, what's wrong?"

Just hearing his voice sets me off. The tears I've been trying so hard to hold in breakthrough, and suddenly my shoulders are shaking with my sobs. The enormity of the situation hits me like an eighteen wheeler at full load. I stare at him, almost like I'm looking through him. My entire body feels as heavy as lead. With a voice devoid of emotion, I open my mouth. "You tell me, nightdancer."

He stands in front of me motionless, his mouth agape. He looks to the open computer and sees the Chicago Singles page open. Moments pass where he seems unable to speak, unable to say anything to me. "Babe, I can exp-"

"Oh you can, can you?" I spit out, my voice full of venom. "You can explain why you've lied to me? Why you decided to carry on this little game of yours after you'd moved in here? I bet you thought I was stupid. That poor Kate had to resort to internet dating. I gave you my heart..."

My voice catches in my throat, my sobs wracking my body. All of my mustered strength disappears as the hurt takes over.

He takes a step toward me, but I hold my hand up.

"I think you should go. Go back to Zach's, or wherever, and leave me alone. I don't think I know you anymore. You knew lying was a deal breaker, yet you still carried on this ruse of a relationship. What was I to you? A convenient, easy lay? I have to give you credit, though. At least you had the patience to wait out the three dates...well, almost. You said you loved me."

A sob escapes my lips, and I wipe my nose in the most unladylike fashion possible with the back of my hand. I swallow hard, and hope that my voice is steady when I start speaking again. "I thought I was the luckiest freaking woman in the world because I was loved by you. You'd chosen me." I choke out those last few words, my voice shaky at best.

"Of course I love you. Don't ever f**king doubt that. Ever, babe. Sit down and let me explain. It's not what you think."

"I'm not going to let you talk your way out of this because I know I'll cave. You'll try to make it look better than it is. You're going to tell me it wasn't you who talked to me on an internet dating site for almost two months without letting me know it was you? That you never pretended to be someone else and messaged me after you'd moved in? After we'd started dating?"

"Babe, I-"

"No. I'm going out, and if you know what's best for both of us, you'll be gone when I get back." I grab my purse from the counter and walk to the front door, turning around for one last time and sending a long, pained look at the man who has just single-handedly broken my soul. My heart shatters when I see my pain reflected back at me in his face.

"I thought I'd found the one. I thought that was you. But yet again, dreamy Kate was just letting herself believe in f**king fairytales. Last time I make that mistake."

He tries to move closer. "Babe, you have to let me explain." He's pleading, but I can't do it. Not now.

I shut the door behind me, running down the steps and to the cab rank down the road. There's only one place I can go.

I just hope she doesn't kill me for clam jamming her.

Chapter 25: "Try Sleeping With A Broken Heart"

ZANDER

I'm a stupid f**king idiot.

I should have told Kate months ago about the internet dating thing. I should have explained my reasons and avoided this heartache. The pain in my chest is paralyzing. I never thought anything could match the pain I saw when my mother lost my father, but this is worse. This is of my own doing.

Mac sent me a text an hour after Kate left to let me know that she'd caught a cab to Daniel's apartment.

Mac: She's here. You're an idiot. Why the f**k didn't you tell her?

Zander: I know I f**ked up

Mac: She's a mess. This is beyond a simple f**king up. I warned you.

Zander: Fuck! How can I fix this?

Mac: I'm sure she'll come around. She just needs time.

Zander: I'll be gone in the morning.

Mac: You sure you don't want to stay and fight for her?

Zander: I'm going to fight for her to the death, but she asked me to leave so I will.

Mac: Okay. She's staying here tonight. She's not talking to me right now though.

Zander: Shit. I'm sorry Mac. Tell her I love her. Tell her I'm going to make this up to her.

Mac: I'll try.

As much as I want to believe that Kate will forgive me, I have a horrible feeling in the pit of my stomach that I've lost her for good.

Fuck, I wish I had a f**king time machine so that I could go back all those months ago and tell her with my first message as nightdancer.

She told me she felt stupid, and that 'poor Kate had to resort to internet dating'. Nothing could be further from the truth, but she wouldn't give me a chance to explain. She just took off out the door, but not until she'd delivered the most crushing blow of all to my heart. She had thought I was the one.

All night I lie in our bed wondering how I'd f**ked this up so badly and what in God's name I was going to do to get my girl back. Because I want her back.

I need her back.

By the time the sun comes up, I've barely slept, and I have a full shift ahead of me. I've tried ringing her, but every call is sent to her answering machine. Every text is ignored. It is like she's Antarctica, and I'm a stranded ship without navigation.

FUCK!

I just need a chance to explain. Maybe some space is needed. What if I move back into my old apartment? That will give Kate space to think about things.

Yes. I think that's what I need to do. I grab my phone and call Zach.

"Zach."

"Zan. What's up?"

"I need my room back."

"You f**ked up already, man?"

"Fuck you."

"What did you do? Get caught with your pants down?"

"No, ass**le. Would you look elsewhere if you had Kate?" The line goes silent. "No, I didn't think so. She found out about the internet dating profile, and that I was the guy she was talking to."

"You're a f**king moron, dude. I thought you told her. Isn't that why you didn't move back?"

"I didn't move back because we were together and happy. To be honest, I f**king forgot about the stupid website. I haven't logged on for ages. That was until this afternoon at the bar. She borrowed my laptop tonight and must've seen the site in my favorites."

"You f**ked up."

"Yeah, you think?" I reply deadpan.

"So she kicked you out?"

"Kind of. She told me to be gone when she gets back, then she stormed out. Mac texted me last night. She went to their place. I think it would be better if I give her some space and move out."

"You sure it won't make things worse?"

"I don't have a clue right now, but she should at least be able to come home without me here stopping her. It's the least I can do."

"You going to win her back?"

"I f**king hope so. I don't want anyone else. Only her."

"Well, you need to tell her that. I'm the wrong person, sunshine," he replies.

"If she'd pick up the damn phone, or answer one of my ten text messages, then I'd tell her."

"She isn't going to answer, dude. You need to do something big, huge, to make up for this. This is the stuff that relationships are ruined by. You f**ked up. You need to own it, then you can move on and make it up to her."

"All hail the wise one. I've got to go to the station. I'll pack my stuff and dump it in my room on my way. All good?"

"Sure, man. I hope you get this sorted."

"Me too. More than anything I've ever wanted in my life."

KATE

I was barely able to talk when I knocked on Mac and Daniel's door last night. I was about to walk away when Daniel answered with a towel wrapped around his waist, and the best case of sex hair I'd ever seen. I started crying again, knowing I'd interrupted their engagement celebration sex.

"I'm...sorry. I'll..g...g...o," I stuttered, turning and moving toward the elevators.

"Kate! Get your ass in here now," Daniel's voice bellowed down the hallway. I scurried through the door and took up residence on their couch.

"I'm so sorry. I knew I'd cause trouble by coming here."

"Kate, you are welcome here anytime. You need Mac, and you need me. We're here for you."

I started crying again, and Daniel's eyes softened as he turned and yelled toward their bedroom. "Mac, put some clothes on and come out here. Kate needs her best friend." He walked toward me and sat down. "Whatever he's done, it'll be okay."

"How did you...? Never mind. I don't think it will be okay," I'd spit out before burying my face in his chest and bawling my eyes out.

"Kate, if this is payback for earlier, I..." Mac walked into the room and stopped dead in her tracks as I looked up at her, pain written all over my face.

"Shit. Superman, she needs white wine. Stat."

"That I can do." With a kiss on my forehead, Daniel got up and headed to the bedroom to get dressed.

Mac sat next to me and wrapped her arm around my shoulders. My tears wouldn't stop falling. I didn't know how to stop them. Did I want to stop them? I was beyond caring what I looked like right now. My heart was broken. My seemingly perfect relationship had been a lie.

"Babe, what happened?" she asked as Daniel handed me a glass of wine and took a seat opposite us. I hadn't even realized he'd walked back in the room.

"I got home on a real high. You know me, I'm emotional. I cried the whole time Daniel was on his knee in front of you. Well, I kind of jumped Zander when I got home, and all was right with the world. You have your dream guy. I had mine. So when I asked to use his computer, I didn't think anything of it until I saw the Chicago Singles site on his favorites. I couldn't help myself. I opened it, and there was his username saved, all ready to go."

"It's not a crime to be on a dating site, hon."

"No, but do you remember that guy I told you about that I was talking to on the internet?"

"Yeah, but you stopped that awhile ago, right?"

"Of course I did. I sent him a message a few months ago after my second date with Zander and said that I'd met someone, and I wanted to see where it was going."

I looked at Mac, but her face was expressionless. She'd pulled her arm back and was wringing her hands in her lap. Something seemed off. I'd expected her to be more pissed at him. My bulldog best friend should have been all over this like a dog in heat, but she wasn't. She knew my stance on lying, but she'd stayed quiet, looking at the floor as if she'd wanted it to swallow her up.

It was what she didn't say that grabbed my attention. She was too quiet and reserved compared to when I'd first arrived. Her reaction was too controlled.

"Mac, What-"

"Did he get angry at you for snooping or something?" she asked, interrupting me. She was acting really defensive.

"No, not at all. Mac, what aren't you telling me?" I looked her straight in the eyes, shocked when I see her look away. Her body tensed up, and she looked across at Daniel who just shrugged his shoulders, oblivious to her discomfort.

"Mac?" Then it hit me.

I stood up, pointing my finger down at her. "You knew, didn't you? You f**king knew it was him. That's why you were encouraging me to pursue it with nightdancer...and Zander, come to think of it. Oh my f**king god. What the hell? You're supposed to be my best friend!" I wave my hands between us angrily. "We're supposed to tell each other everything. I can't believe you of all people would deceive me." I grabbed my purse and walked toward the door.

"Kate, wait!" Daniel called out, his voice low. He was angry as well, but as I turned to face him, I saw that it wasn't with me. Mac was still sitting on the couch staring at us in disbelief.

"Stay in the guest room. I don't want you out there by yourself when you're so upset. If you need space, you've got it, but don't go home. You know he won't leave until he sees you again. I hardly know the guy, but from what I saw this afternoon, he's too far gone to let you go without one hell of a fight. Sleep on it. Okay?"

He rubbed his arms up and down my arms and I sighed. Knowing he was right, I turned and started walking toward the guest room.

"I'm so sorry, babe, but you know he loves you. It may not seem like it now, but he does. I've never seen him like this. He's different with you." I looked up at Mac to see her eyes full of tears. I couldn't trust myself not to say something I'd regret which wouldn't do either of us any good. She's heavily pregnant with twins, and she doesn't need stress, and I was too pissed off and upset to control myself, or my words.

"I'm sorry too." I said, turning my back to her.

I heard Daniel's raised voice as I slammed the door behind me. I hated that I'd caused trouble for them, but Mac was in the wrong. Whatever her reasons, she was wrong.

I collapsed on the queen sized bed in front of me. I kicked my shoes off and curled into a ball, grabbing a pillow from under my head. I'd let the tears fall. One for every moment I'd thought that Zander was different; that he wasn't like all of the other men in my past. I felt my phone vibrate again and looked to see Zander's name flashing at me. He'd been ringing non-stop since I'd left. He must've known better than to come after me, but the ten missed calls and numerous texts showed that he was worried.

I powered my phone down and threw it on the floor. I didn't care about anything right now.

I fell asleep in the same position, clutching the pillow for dear life.

Chapter 26: "Give Your Heart A Break"

KATE

When I wake up in the morning, I feel exhausted. I tossed and turned all night. For the first night in three months, I slept alone, and I found myself unconsciously reaching for the man I knew wasn't there, craving the feel of his hard warm body against mine.

My heart aches like never before over the loss of the good man I thought I knew, and the pain of finding out my best friend knew all along and couldn't tell me.

I reach over and grab my phone from the floor. I turn it on and find more missed calls and unanswered texts. I'm past anger at this point. I've skipped the bargaining stage of loss and moved straight into depression. My body feels heavy. I want to stay tucked up in this room forever and forget about the mess waiting for me outside these walls and this apartment.

How can something so right go so horribly wrong in mere minutes? How can I go from an extreme high to such a devastating low?

I read through the texts from Zander, tormenting myself with the hope that he's feeling as bad as I am.

Zan: Baby, you need to let me explain. I'm so sorry. I love you.

Zan: I never meant to hurt you. I just wanted to get to know you. You've been with me since that night I put you to bed.

Zan: I only saw your goodbye on that site yesterday. I was going to talk to you about everything at dinner. I love you.

Zan: I'm going to give you space. But I'm not letting you go. I'm gonna fight for you until there is no fight left in me. I love you.

Then my worst fears are realized when I read the text he'd sent me first thing this morning.

Zan: I've hardly slept. I know you're at Mac's because she texted me last night and told me you went there. I miss you like crazy, and couldn't sleep without you here, but I'm moving back into Zach's. It doesn't mean I'm giving up. You just need to let me explain and apologize. I love you more than anything.

He ended every single message telling me he loved me. Is that what a man using his circumstances to his advantage says? If it was only casual sex to him, and a bit of a game, would he ring me twenty five times and send me numerous text messages telling me he needs to explain and that he was going to tell me everything last night anyway?

That message set me off again. He actually listened to me and gave me what I thought I wanted at the time. I was full of anger and hurt beyond belief when I asked him to leave.

What the hell have I done?

I look at the time. He'll be at work by now. He's starting a five day stint. I was looking forward to a week of waking up with him and going to bed together at night. Now all that awaits me is an empty apartment.

Did I overreact? Should I have let him explain? Have I f**ked this up by not letting him have his say? I stumble out into the living area to find Daniel sitting at the dining table with a coffee in his hands, reading the newspaper.

"Morning. Where's Mac?"

He looks up and gives me a small smile. "She's having a soak in the tub. She didn't sleep well. It may have something to do with the few harsh words I had for her last night. I think she's feeling a bit worse for wear. She feels really bad for hurting you, Kate."

I sigh and sit down across from him. "I know. I just didn't expect that from her, you know?"

"I do. Her intentions were good. The execution, not so much." He shrugs and I can tell he's feeling sorry for me.

"I hope I haven't caused problems between you two. I love you both so much. I couldn't bear it."

"Kate, nothing will make me love that woman of mine any less. She f**ked up, and I made sure she was aware of it, but she'll be back soon. What I want to know is what you are going to do now that you know the whole story." He leans back and looks at me. This is Daniel acting as a big brother, and to be honest, it's exactly what I need.

"I love him. I can't help it. I don't know if Mac told you about Liam, but he was my ex-boyfriend who kept me as his dirty little secret for six months before I walked in on his impromptu engagement party with his fiance. Lying has always been my deal breaker. I can probably work through anything else except that."

"I get that hon, I really do, but he's not one of those guys. From what Mac's told me, he's not the type of guy to f**k around on you. He's a good guy with a good family who would do anything for you."

"He's all of those things."

"And are you really willing to throw away a chance at something good with him without giving the guy an opportunity to explain why he did it?"

I stare at Daniel, the silence between us more telling than any words I can say.

"Didn't think so. You're a beautiful, kind, amazing woman who any decent man would give their left nut to be with. Look at what Mac and I went through to get to this point in our relationship. What if he couldn't approach you any other way than on the internet? What if Mac's attempt at matchmaking was more than just wishful thinking? What if your best friend who knows you better than anyone else knew that you and Zander would be good for each other?"

My eyes well with tears as his words sink in. Damn him, he's right.

Right on cue, Mac walks into the room and comes straight up to me, pulling me up for a hug.

"I'm sorry, hon. I really am. I thought you two were made for each other. Him being the big protector, you being the dreamer wanting to be looked after." She's crying now too. "Damn this leaky eye syndrome. I blame you, Superman." I bet she's glaring at him over my shoulder.

"Hey, don't bring me into this," he says, looking at both of us and laughing.

"Now, how about I take you ladies out for breakfast? Then we can give Kate some time to think about what she's going to do."

"Sounds like a plan, Superman," I say before I crack up laughing, realizing what I said.

"You're a poet and you didn't even know it," Mac retorts, giggling while Daniel just looks at the roof and mutters something inaudible.

Until I have to, I'm not going to think about anything beyond my friends and breakfast.

I'm going to give my heart a break.

ZANDER

Twenty-four hours and there has been no word from Kate. No replies to my text messages, no calls. I haven't even heard from Mac. If this is what Hell feels like, then I will never sin again.

I miss her smile, the way she lights up a room whenever I'm near her, the warmth around me when I'm holding her in my arms at night. Fuck, I sound like a girl, but I don't care. I need to get her back. I just need a chance to explain, an opportunity to make this whole mess up to her.

Samantha, who is now my partner, keeps complaining that I'm distracted and a liability. I sort my head out after that and focus on the job, but when I get back to Zach's apartment, it's a different story. I'm so used to coming home to Kate that the apartment seems cold, eerily quiet. My mind keeps wondering what Kate is doing, whether she is okay, and if she is still pissed off at me. The lack of communication has me leaning toward yes.

How can I make it up to her?

Her reaction and her words last night cut me like a knife. I knew the whole nightdancer thing would bite me in the ass. I just kept hoping that she'd give me the chance to explain, but looking back I know nothing would have helped. It was never my intention to carry on talking to her once I moved in, but after our first kiss where I pretty much told her we were going on a date, my curiosity took over, and I wondered where her head was at.

I want to ring Zoe or Mia and get their opinion, but I know that they'd kick my ass for hurting Kate. They fell in love with her over the weekend they visited, and I don't know if I can bear another ear bashing from a female I love right now.

I'm glad Kate went to Mac's. I felt better knowing she is safe. The natural protector in me wants to march over there and bring her back home.

Sunday night I can't control myself. I go to Kate's apartment and knock on the door. I just want to see her, check she is okay. I called out to her, even begged her to answer the door, but she didn't come.

If she needs space I can give her space, just don't expect me to give her too much. I need to show her that I'm sincere; that the internet dating f**k up was only so I could get to know her, get close to her. I need to tell her that I've wanted her since I met her, but I just didn't think I deserved her at that point in time.

She told me that she thought she'd found the one. Well, I need to prove to her that she isn't wrong. I want to be everything she wants and needs me to be, and I'll spend the rest of my life trying to be more than that. I meant what I said to her that night when I denied myself a night with her. She deserves a lifetime of making love.

I'm going to prove that I'm the one to give it to her.

A week has passed with no word from Kate. My daily phone calls are still going unanswered as are my text messages. I'm struggling with the silent treatment. I fully expected her to call me and give me an earful. I'm starting to think I've underestimated how much I've hurt her, so on Monday morning, nine days since I moved out, I grab a moment to call a florist near Kate's salon. I order a single pink rose to be sent to her at work for every day this week. It's a small gesture, but I hope that the cards I've asked to be sent with each delivery will get my message across to her. Slowly but surely I'm determined to show her how I feel.

Sam and I have to stop by a nightclub on Division Street to do a bail check. Seems the owner of the club got into a bit of strife recently and was released on bail under his brother's watch. Sam tells me on the way over there that the brother is some attorney claiming to have no knowledge of whatever dodgy dealings his brother is into. Detectives have looked into his brother, but he's squeaky clean.

We arrive outside the club-the name seems familiar to me for some reason, but I can't pick it. I look at the rap sheet of the guy we're checking in on, Ryan Miller. Nope, don't know the guy from Adam. He's thirty years old and owns half of this nightclub along with his brother, Sean Miller. Fuck, that name is familiar. Why do I...

Holy shit.

No way is this the attorney that Mac used to sleep with. She told me one night about Sean and his 'club' that had, in her words, 'hot as hell' VIP rooms upstairs catering for varied sexual proclivities. Fuck.

Conflict of interest, no. Comfort factor, zero.

"Um, Sam, I know of the brother, the attorney."

"Yeah?"

"Yeah. Friend of a friend. I think he's on the up and up, but this isn't just a nightclub. It's also a fetish club. I haven't seen it myself, but by all accounts there are VIP rooms upstairs that get rather busy at night if you know what I mean."

Sam seems a little ruffled by my revelation. "Well, it doesn't matter. We're here to check on Mr. Miller, the younger Mr. Miller, and then go on our way. There's no need to linger. Just make our presence known, check that everything is in order, then leave. You okay with that, Roberts?"

I notice that she's blinking a lot more than usual. She seems to take a minute, close her eyes and take a deep breath before opening them again. "Stop staring and get out of the car. We're not here to f**k spiders."

I burst out laughing. Sam is very dry at the best of times, but occasionally she says something that cracks me up. "Yes, Ma'am," I say, adding a mock salute to my senior partner.

We get out of the car, and I check my belt, making sure everything is where it should be. Sam squares her shoulders and takes a deep breath before knocking on the door. When there is no answer, she turns the handle and pushes it open. "Hello? Chicago PD. We're just here to see Mr. Ryan Miller."

"Through here," a voice bellows from behind the dark bar. The whole place is dark, the only light coming from behind the bar and from a few low lights scattered around the edge of the large dance floor. I take a few moments to take stock of my surroundings. This place is freaking insane. I look up and see the dancefloor is surrounded by a second floor of mirrored glass. If you were up there, you'd have the false impression that everyone could see you. Suddenly, there are images flashing through my head of Kate and I f**king against the glass, and the fantasy of everyone watching me with my girl makes me instantly hard.

Fuck. Not the time, dude. Calm it the f**k down.

I look over at Sam who is standing in front of me with her eyebrow raised. "You quite alright there, Roberts? You were a million miles away."

"Sure. Just checking out the place."

"Right...okay then, let's find the guy and get out of here. Too dark for my liking," she mutters, her voice losing her normal air of authority. Samantha Richards is a tough nut, a ball buster at the best of times. Her sandy blonde hair is always up in a tight bun, never a wayward hair or a crease in her uniform. She's strictly by the book. It's taken a month for her to relax a little around me. She's told me that she asked the Captain to assign me to her because she thought we'd work well together, and we do, but god I wish she'd just let loose sometimes. I'd also love to know who stuck a stick up her ass to cause her to be so unmoved and rigid. That woman screams out a need to get laid, sooner rather than later.

"I'm over at the bar. Come in," the same male voice calls out to us.

When we reach the bar, a brown haired, well-built man stands up, startling us. "I guess you'd be looking for me. I'm just stocking up the bar. That's allowed, isn't it?" This guy is all attitude. These kind of perps are always a challenge, something I've learned since working general patrol after I graduated.

"Mr. Miller, I'd recommend you lose the chip on your shoulder. We're just here to check in," Sam states in her matter-of-fact cop voice.

"Right. It's not as if I can run off anywhere is it? I have a club to keep open so that I don't piss my brother off even more. So if I'm not here, I'll be at my brother's house. You know, the address I was bailed to."

"There's no need for the attitude, Mr. Miller. Is your brother around?" Sam's body is tense as she looks around for the other Miller brother.

"Nope, but he'll be in later no doubt. He has a day job too, you know. Should I tell him you called by asking for him?" His telling smirk is aimed straight at Sam, and her body goes stiff as a board.

What's THAT about? Now I'm intrigued. I know Sean Miller is a dominant and likes to practice light BDSM...well, he did with Mac. She told me that she'd meet up with him when she had the urge to submit, but I've never considered the fact that Sam might be into that stuff. If she is, she'd definitely be a dominatrix. She's wound so tight that she probably needs to whip men in order to feel control. I shudder at the thought as I'm brought back into reality.

Sam clears her throat, and I see her shoulders square up. "Right. Well, Mr. Miller, as long as you abide by your bail conditions, I don't think we'll have a problem. We'll pop in later in the week to see you again."

"I'll be here ready and waiting, officer. Oh, and I'll make sure I tell my brother you were here, Sammy."

"I..." Sam's face goes blank as she swallows hard and gives Ryan the exact reaction he was looking for. Whatever the reason, I'm not going to let it slide.

"That's enough, Mr. Miller. We'll see you soon." I grab Sam's hand and pull her toward the door. She snatches her hand back as we get outside.

"What did you do that for? I had it under control!" She glares at me as we stand in the middle of the sidewalk.

"I did what I had to do to snap you out of it. What he said about his brother rattled you, so I got you the hell out of there. It's what partners do."

"Right. Well thanks, but no thanks. I don't need your help in the future."

I chuckle as we get back in the car and drive back to the station.

Even if my personal life is in tatters, at least I can count on work to keep life interesting.

Chapter 27: "Who You Love"

KATE

I'm a coward. I know I am. Mac told me I am.

Daniel is a bit more reserved when it comes to my love life. After his talk to me the morning, after everything went down with Zander, he's remained tight lipped on the whole situation.

Last Sunday night, I sat on the floor crying behind the front door as Zander knocked and called out to me. He even begged me to let him explain. He said he missed me and that he never meant to hurt me. That made me feel even worse. How can I come back from this?

Mac sat down with me Sunday afternoon and explained everything. How he'd asked if I was on Chicago Singles. How the night we had pancakes for dinner he had texted her asking if she knew why I was so upset. And finally, how he never told her about the night he saved me from that ass**le in the bar.

Now I feel like a complete idiot. I had him, and I sent him away. I told him that he should be gone when I got back. I ignored his texts and calls. And this week, a single pink rose has been delivered to me at the salon with a different message attached to them.

Monday - "The first night we met, you were wearing the most gorgeous purple dress. Your hair was pulled back and pinned, with waves of curls floating down your back. I knew that night that I wanted to deserve a woman like you."

Tuesday - "When I brought you home from the bar, and you kissed me, it was the best first kiss I've ever had in my life. Our second best first kiss was in the kitchen after pancakes. Kate and maple syrup are my favorite topping. I love you."

Wednesday - "Stopping to kiss you in the middle of the sidewalk made it the best first date ever. Every date since-the restaurant, the park, the shopping trips, the salon, our bedroom-everything is better when it's done with you. I love you."

Thursday - "Nightdancer23 was always me. I should have been upfront from the beginning, but I knew that you thought I'd rejected you and that you might not have given me the time of day. I wanted to know you, wanted to get close to you. I wanted my chance with you, and that was the only way how. I love you.

Friday - "If you're getting this card it means I need to up my game. I love you enough to stay away. I love you enough to fight for you until you tell me there is no hope, then I'll fight harder. You are the only woman I want to be with, to laugh with, to live with, to make love to. I'm living a life of darkness without you. I need you in my life. I need my firebird."

Now it's Friday night. Two weeks since I've seen Zander. Two weeks of surviving on no sleep, takeaways, chocolate bars, and chick flicks that make me cry. I miss him even more.

Nathan and I are working late, and are out the back cleaning up when I hear the front door chime. I swear under my breath because I've been so preoccupied today that I forgot to lock the front door when we closed up.

"Sorry, we're closed. If you call tomorrow, we can book you an appointment." I don't get a reply, but I hear footsteps on the cold vinyl floor. I walk out to the front of the salon and see a figure all in black wearing a ski mask and pointing a gun at me.

"Open the register."

"Ah...I...um...please don't hurt me." I freeze, my body unwilling to move.

"Bitch, you better move. I'm not afraid to use this." He shakes the gun back and forth in front of me. I immediately notice that the guy is agitated and is making very jerky movements. I should just do whatever he says, give him whatever he wants, and let him go on his way. You can replace money, but you can't replace your life, right?

"O...Okay. I just need my keys from the back to get the money."

"Fuck that, you're just gonna call the cops. Open it now, bitch! I want the f**king money, and I'll leave your pretty face untouched. Give me my f**king money!"

I hold my hands up in surrender. "I...I'm sorry, I just need my keys to get the money." I talk very slowly, trying hard to hide the paralyzing fear seeping through my entire body. I'm terrified. I don't want to die. Especially on a dirty salon floor.

"Well, let's go then." He grabs my arm and starts walking toward the back.

I freak out, knowing that Nathan is still back there. "Ah, it's a really small room. I'll just go by myself and come straight back, okay?"

"Hurry the f**k up then! Go get your keys and get your ass back out here. Grab your handbag too. Never know what shit you might have in there."

I still can't move. My chin trembles as I try to hold back my tears. I bite my lip and swallow hard, trying to find the courage to do what he says without breaking down. Then I remember Nathan and how I couldn't stand it if he got hurt.

"C'mon. I don't have all night." He starts pacing back and forth, like he can't stand still.

"Okay," I reply shakily. My legs finally tighten, and I shuffle backwards, not willing to turn my back on the gun. I get into the backroom and see a pale-faced Nathan.

"What do I do?" he asks, his face telling me he's terrified.

"Call 911," I mouth to him, grabbing my keys and my handbag. "I love you. If anything happens, you run. And tell Zander I love him."

I walk back out the front, and the gunman immediately grabs my arm. He pulls my handbag away from me and drags me toward the reception desk.

"Hurry the f**k up or I'll hurt you! Bet your pretty ass doesn't want that, now does it?" He runs his hand through my hair and my whole body shudders in disgust. My hands are shaking as I try to put the key into the register to override it.

"Give it here. Stupid woman. Maybe I should shoot you to teach you a f**king lesson." He snatches the keys out of my hand and jams them into the register, wrenching the cash drawer open and pulling out the day's takings. He stuffs the bills into his pockets until he can't fit anymore.

Turning around, he stalks me, backing me up against the wall. My breaths burst in and out, my body shaking with fear. My only hope is that Nathan's call to the cops went through.

He leans in and sniffs me. I see his eyes are wide and glassy. He reaches up and runs the steel end of the gun down my cheek. I start sobbing as I realize that I'm helpless. I can't do anything but close my eyes tight and hope that help comes soon.

I hear sirens in the distance, and I breathe out a sigh of relief. Unfortunately, I open my eyes just in time to see his fist come flying through the air, clocking the side of my head and knocking me sideways. I hit something else on the way down, so when I reach the floor, I'm knocked out immediately, the darkness swallowing me whole.

My last thought is Zander.

Zander

It's halfway through my shift. We've parked up near the lakefront to wait for the next call out. Around 9 p.m. the radio operator calls code 3 - lights and sirens for any units near the Glamazon Hair Salon to attend an armed robbery in progress.

Time stands still when I realize that Kate will still be at work.

"Sam, that's Kate. If you're not going, I'm running. Take your f**king pick."

"We're going. Stay calm, Roberts."

"Stay f**king calm? It's an armed f**king robbery still in progress."

"If you don't get your shit sorted, I'll stand you down. I'm your senior, remember? You do what I say."

"Yes, I know."

"Take a few deep breaths. You're no help to her if you're distracted. You need to be on your game, Zander." I look over at her. It's the first time she's referred to me as Zander, and in doing that, she has successfully snapped me out of my haze.

We stop across the street from the salon. As I go to jump out, Sam puts her hand on my forearm to stop me. "Cool and calm, Roberts."

We get out, both drawing our guns from our hips as we try to clear the area of pedestrians. The guns pointed at the door of the salon seem to be a big deterrent, but there are still rubberneckers who can't wait to see what happens, whether they get shot at or not. Fucking idiots!

"POLICE! Come out with your hands up!" Sam calls out in her biggest, loudest cop voice.

When we get no response, we know we can't wait for backup. I push past Sam and bust through the salon door, finding a pale, emaciated man leaning over Kate's lifeless body, and a silver 9mm handgun lying on the floor beside them. My training kicks in, and I rush over and grab the assailant-kicking the gun away and holding his hands behind his back. Sam comes up and takes over, slapping cuffs on his wrists as I pat him down. Sam reads out his Miranda rights and nods to me. I bite my tongue, trying to quell the rage coursing through me.

I fall to my knees next to Kate, wrapping my arms around her shoulders and pulling her into my lap.

"Roberts, don't move her. You don't know what kind of injuries she has," Sam yells from behind me, but I barely hear her. My sole focus is Kate lying unconscious in my arms.

"I didn't mean to hurt her," the robber says, repeating himself over and over as he starts wigging out.

"Sam, get him out of here before I shut him up myself."

I grab a towel from the trolley behind us and hold it against her head, turning to catch my partner as she walks the guy out the salon door. "We need an ambulance, possible head injury. She's bleeding from a huge gash on the side of her head," I say, squeezing Kate's hand to try and get reaction or a sign, or anything to let me know she's okay.

"C'mon, baby girl, I'm here now. You can't get away from me this easily. Come back to me, baby," I murmur into her ear as I scoop her into my arms, standing up and carrying her over to the couch in the waiting area.

I see another man standing near the back room with his hands in the air as he just stares at Kate. His whole body is shaking, and he looks as if he's been crying.

"Who are you?" I ask, my voice low and amazingly steady.

"I'm Nathan. I work here."

"Nathan, I'm Zander. You can put your arms down, my partner has the perp handcuffed outside. I need your help, though. Is there a blanket, or a jacket, or something warm around here? She's getting cold."

Nathan comes running toward us from out the back, putting a woolen blanket over Kate's body. He's still shaking as he rubs her arm, muttering prayers under his breath.

"She was so brave. She was out here by herself. That dirty bastard threatened her, but she just took it. I heard the whole thing. When she came back to get her keys, she made me stay out of sight and call 911." He's speaking a million times an hour; not what I need right now.

"Nathan, I need you to take a breath and calm down. We'll take your statement once we get Kate looked after, but I need to know how long she's been out for. Do you know?"

"I heard a thud, and then I couldn't hear Kate's voice anymore. The 911 operator told me to stay where I was, and then you guys arrived five minutes later." He starts sobbing uncontrollably and takes a seat beside us as he tries to compose himself.

The dirty bastard threatened her. I ball my fists, trying to quell the anger building inside of me. What's the use of being a cop if I can't even stop the woman I love from being attacked and hurt by some lunatic? If that f**ker touched her, I'll f**king kill him.

Career be damned.

Sam walks back in. "Ambulance is two minutes away according to dispatch." She looks at my face and her brows furrow. "Roberts, you've gotta push it back. We've got him, and he'll be going inside for a long time after this. Kate needs you right now. Not the cop, but the man."

"Right," I reply, my voice hoarse.

I feel Kate stir in my lap. Looking down, I let out a huge sigh of relief when I see two beautiful, barely open, blue eyes staring back up at me.

"Zander," she says with a smile. Quickly followed by an, "Owww, f**k that hurts!" as she reaches a hand up to the towel I'm holding firmly against her head wound. "You're here. You came."

"Will always be here for you, babe. The ambulance is almost here. We're taking you to get checked out. You've got a nasty cut to your head, and you were knocked out."

"I l....l...love you..." Her voice fades away as she closes her eyes again, but f**k if it doesn't feel f**king good to hear those words from her again.

KATE

I have the biggest headache in the history of headaches. This beats the worst hangover. Even that one from when I was fifteen, and Mac and I stole some moonshine from Mr. Johnson's shed, then went to the park and drank half a bottle each.

I wake up in a horrible hospital gown. I can just imagine the view the doctors and nurses got in the ER when I was brought in. I was so out of it, I barely remember the ambulance ride to the hospital. I remember being wheeled in for a CAT scan to eliminate the possibility of a brain bleed, or hematoma, or something.

I also remember being asked if I wanted my parents called, and shaking my head profusely which just made the stabbing pain intensify, making me pass out yet again.

When I woke up the last time, Zander was holding my hand, his beautiful face marred with a huge frown. I remember him pulling at his hair as he ran his fingers through it, his eyes surrounded by dark circles as he continually refused to leave my bedside. I remember closing my eyes when the nurse came in asking him to leave, saying it was family only.

I open my eyes and slowly turn my head to look at him. "You said you were my fiance."

His eyes shine as a slow smile creeps up his face. "Babe, they said I couldn't be here. I would've called the JP to marry us now if I had to."

"Oh," I whisper, my throat parched.

Zander stands and holds a styrofoam cup to my mouth, putting the straw against my lips as I slowly drink the cool fluid.

"Thank you."

"Anything for you, babe."

"How about I just have you. Can I have you?"

"You never lost me."

"I thought I was going to. When that man had me against the wall...when he pointed his gun at me...I thought I'd never see you again." My eyes well up with tears as the enormity of what happened hits me.

Zander leans over me and wraps his arms around my shoulders, careful not to jostle my head around. I bury my face into his chest and cling to him as I let the tears flow.

"Nobody will ever hurt you again, me included," he murmurs in my ear. "I love you too damn much to risk losing you again."

I pull back and look up at him, struck by the sincerity in his eyes. In that moment, I don't care what's happened in the past; I just care about the here and now. Too much can happen in an instant. You can overreact without waiting for an explanation, you can get knocked out by a messed up junkie, desperate for his next fix.

I don't want to miss another moment of being with this man.

"I want go home."

"I want to make a home with you."

"Can we do both?" I say with a wry smile.

"Abso-fucking-lutely."

Chapter 28: "Your Touch"

ZANDER

With my girl back in my arms, all is right again in my world. She was only admitted overnight for observation, so I brought her back home yesterday, setting her up on the couch with a pillow and comforter and watching a romantic comedy marathon with her.

Mac and Daniel came over to check on her this afternoon, so I went over to Zach's and grabbed most of my stuff. Kate wants me moved back in as soon as possible. She keeps telling me that life is too short and that we have to live in the now.

Don't get me wrong, I'm all for this new belief of hers, and I'm definitely on board with moving back in, especially since I only moved out to give her the space she asked for, but I'm waiting for the penny to drop; for the reality of what happened to her to hit. We were taught at the academy about victim support and what happens to the victims of crime. Kate isn't showing any signs of emotional trauma or post traumatic stress as yet, but I'm going to keep a close eye on her all the same.

Now that I've got her back, I'm not letting her go. When I'm sure she is going to be okay, I ring her parents and speak to her mother. She seems to be more excited over the fact that Kate has a boyfriend, than the fact that Kate has been involved in an armed robbery and knocked out. I'm definitely left shaking my head after that phone call. After that, I ring my mom, and she offers to drive straight up to look after us-she really means Kate-but I assure her that we'll be fine. The differences in our families are kind of shocking to be honest.

Kate has always said that her mother wants her to meet a man to look after her, and I've always thought she has meant emotionally and physically, but the way her mother was talking on the phone to me, I realize she meant financially. That's why I take great pleasure in telling her that I'm a rookie cop. The gasp of horror over the phone is well worth the shit I know I'll get from Kate.

Later on, when Kate is feeling a little better with the help of some pretty strong painkillers, she explains to me about her mother's belief system that men should look after their women in every way possible. How she was raised as her daddy's only 'princess', and was made to believe that she needed to find her prince charming to live a happy and fulfilled life. Instead, Kate fell for an ex stripper, now rookie cop, who treats her better than any other man she has been with.

Funny how things work out isn't it?

KATE

We lie in bed facing each other and catching our breath, having just made love for the first time in two weeks. Two weeks without this is a hell I hope to never live through again.

I missed this, missed him. I love being held so closely in his arms again, and I've never felt safer than I do right now. All of my doubts, my worries, and my insecurities are gone the second he wraps himself around me. Even in our sleep we attach ourselves to each other as if we're meant to be close, meant to be together.

"I missed you," I say with a sigh, snuggling my head into his chest as he rolls onto his back while pulling me over with him.

"No more than me, Firebird."

I look up at him, hoping he'll see the regret in my eyes. I rest my head on my elbow, placing the palm of my other hand on his smooth chest. "I'm sorry."

"There's nothing for you to be sorry about. We're together now, right where we're supposed to be. Today is for us. I just want to lay here for a little while and enjoy having my girl back in my arms."

"Your girl?"

"Hell yes, my girl. My woman!" he says with a grin, beating his chest like a caveman and making me burst out laughing. I lean forward and gently kiss his lips, pulling back as he tries to deepen it.

"I liked your notes."

"Meant every word."

"What were the last three words you finished them with?"

He frowns and looks at me, trying to read my face. I giggle, and he pulls me close against his body once more. I see the moment he gets what I'm talking about.

"I love you," he murmurs against my lips.

"I love you too. Now kiss me like you mean it."

"Don't have to ask me twice." His mouth slams hard against mine, rough and raw as he pours everything into the kiss, leaving me no doubt that he means what he says. Soon, we're all over each other again. Zander's still being gentle. A head injury doesn't lend itself to hard, fast sex it seems.

Whatever his reasons for being nightdancer, my heart has always known that Zander is the guy I want. It has always been him. They say that sometimes the love of your life can be right in front of you, and you don't even know it. Eight months ago, I would've said that anyone who believes that would need their head read.

But now, I'm a believer.

One month later, 2.am.

"Zander, the phone's ringing," I slur, grumpy as hell that I've been woken up by someone probably drunk dialing and getting the wrong number.

I hear him fumble around on the top of the bedside cabinet as he tries to find the phone in the dark.

"Hello?" he mumbles against his pillow as he answers.

"Daniel ... What? ... Awesome ... We'll be there soon ... No, there's no way Firebird would miss this for the world ... Firebird? Yep, the name kind of stuck ... Right, see you then. And tell Mac to stop swearing. She'll scare the nurses. See you soon."

I sit up excitedly in the bed, bouncing up and down. "The babies are coming!" I continue bouncing as he nods and laughs at me. "Babe, only you would bounce on the bed at 2 a.m. after being woken up."

"But the babies are coming! Oh my god, we have to get ready and go to the hospital." I jump out of bed and throw some clothes on, whatever I can get hold of from my closet in the dark.

Zander slowly swings his legs over the side of the bed and stands up, flexing his delicious muscles and making me momentarily lose my train of thought as my eyes travel from his calves...up his thighs...to his bitable ass with the cutest dimples...I just want to lick them! He turns his head to me as his lips curl into a sexy as hell smirk. "Like the view, Ms. McGuinness?" he says, walking toward the bathroom.

"I always like the view, Mr. Roberts. Now stop distracting me with your naked body and get dressed so we can go see the BABIES!"

Chapter 29: "I Want Crazy"

ZANDER

Six months later

I never imagined that I'd find the woman who would complete me. Don't get me wrong, I knew I'd fall in love and settle down, but I didn't foresee my firebird invading my mind and my heart. Hell, she's so deeply entrenched in my soul that I can't imagine my life without her and although we've been together for just over eleven months, it feels as if we've known each other for years.

We're very close to Mac and Daniel. Actually, Daniel and I have become great friends. Along with Zach, the three of us meet up once a month for poker and beer, away from girlfriends, fiances, work and babies. Although, I'm quite partial to those two babies; they're the perfect mix of Mac and Daniel. They've got Daniel's easy going nature mixed with a little bit of Mac's crazy. But I swear they're going to send their parents gray before their time, but it's f**king funny to watch.

Sam and I stayed partners after my three month review period. We work well together, and slowly but surely, she's loosening up. I still think there is some big secret she's hiding, but it's her business. If she feels the need to share it with me, she knows she can.

Kate and I are still living in our apartment. Mac finally moved her stuff out when they moved into a four bedroom, three bathroom townhouse further out of town. Mac hasn't returned to work yet as the twins are taking up all of her time, and since she says it's a 'one time deal' and tells anyone who'll listen that her baby maker has 'shut up shop', I know that she wants to spend as much time with them as possible before returning to work.

As much as we wanted to have the place to ourselves, Mia wanted to move back to Chicago, and Mom and I felt better if she were living with me while she found her feet. She's just been accepted into a fashion design course which she's really excited about, and the three of us are hoping to head home at Christmas since Thanksgiving was at Kate's parents.

But that's a whole other story.

"Babe, we need to get going if we're going to make that movie," I yell out from our living room.

"Coming."

"That's what you said half an hour ago."

"That's because you had me bent over a stool in the kitchen."

"You weren't complaining."

"I never do," she says, walking into the hallway looking as beautiful as ever.

Unlike the previous, very short relationships I had in college, I've never become complacent with Kate. I've never become jaded, felt trapped, or anything like that. It also helps that she's totally on board with sex in public places. I swear she gets off on the thrill of getting caught more than I do. That's how I know my plans for tonight are going to blow her mind.

I walk over to her and put my hands on her hips, looking down into her blue eyes which are sparkling with amusement. She reaches up to cup my jaw as I lean my head into her hand.

"Fuck, I love you, Firebird."

"Love you more, Zan."

"Not possible."

"Try me?"

"I will later, for now..." I lean down and kiss her forehead, knowing fairly well that if I kiss her lips I'll scoop her up and go straight back to our bedroom, "we need to get going. 8 p.m. movie showing. We don't want to miss it."

"You sure?" she says with a sexy smirk that is always my downfall, except tonight. Tonight I can't give in because there is too much at stake.

"I'm sure. But you bet your ass that I'm taking that rain check."

The beauty of this plan of mine is that I let Kate organize our 'date night' activities. This whole night has been her idea. As far as she knows, we're going out for dessert after the movie-that she picked, of course. She found a dessert and cocktail lounge claiming to have Chicago's best Tiramisu.

Halfway through the movie, an old Western that Kate thought I might enjoy, I get bored and turn to her for entertainment. I start by letting go of her hand that had been resting on top of her skirt, and pretending to tie my shoe up.

Wrapping my fingers gently around her ankle, I slowly trail them up her bare calf, caressing behind her knee, then moving my hand deftly under her denim skirt until I'm teasing the silk of her panties. She parts her legs and I can hear her breathing pick up. "Zan," she husks out, putting her hand on mine when she thinks I'm taking it away. My little firebird is a hellcat in public, and she's only getting better.

Turning my body into hers, I move my mouth to her ear. "Tell me what you want, baby girl." It drives her mad if I call her that when we're fooling around.

"I want your fingers inside me." She's also rather direct about what she wants and that drives me wild.

"With pleasure. Yours, hopefully," I murmur as I trace the shell of her ear with my tongue. I slip her underwear to the side and run my thumb over her hard clit, making her hips buck up against my hand.

"Easy, baby, you know I'll make this good for you."

I cup her pu**y, slowly inching one finger inside of her while my thumb continues to circle her clit. She turns her head, and our mouths meet. She thrusts her tongue into my mouth, smoothing it over mine as my free hand wraps around her head, holding her close to me as her moans grow louder.

"Shh," I hear from the front of the theatre, but I don't give a f**k right now. I push a second finger into her, and she whimpers as she thrusts her hips against my hand, her tight pu**y gripping my fingers forcefully. My dick is throbbing, straining against the zipper of my jeans, but right now I want to feel my firebird come apart on my fingers. I push my thumb a little harder against her, increasing the speed of my fingers as I drive them deeper into her.

"Mmm, oh God," she whispers as I move my mouth down her neck, leaving a trail of open mouthed kisses in my wake. I feel her muscles tighten, and I slam my mouth against hers to swallow her cries as her climax takes over.

I give a final few lazy strokes before removing my hand, and pushing back her underwear. Bringing my hand to my mouth, I lick my fingers clean which just makes her eyes darken again.

"Fuck, that's hot," she whispers, leaning in and laying her head on my shoulder as she tries to slow her erratic breathing.

"You're hotter, babe. Now let's watch the rest of this movie." I wrap my arm around her shoulders and will my hard-on to calm down, until later at least.

When the credits start rolling, I stand up and hold my hand out to her. There's one more surprise for her tonight, and I hope like hell she likes it.

We walk a few blocks towards our house, toward N.State Street. When we're a hundred feet away from our destination, I stop and turn to face her. "You trust me, right?"

She looks at me and frowns. "Of course I do. What's this about, Zan?"

"I need to blindfold you."

"Why's that? Seriously, we can't fool around in the middle of the street."

I try not to laugh. Her eyes are wide with shock, and I can see her mind ticking over. "Babe, I have a surprise for you, but I need to cover your eyes. I promise I won't steer you wrong."

"Okay," she answers instantly. Fuck, I love this woman, and to think I came this close to f**king this whole thing up. Never going to make that mistake again.

I reach into my pocket and pull out a black blindfold, covering her eyes and tying it off at the back. I make a stupid face in front of her, and when she doesn't laugh, I know she's completely in the dark. In more ways than one, it seems.

"Take my arm," I say. She fumbles for my arm and grips tightly when she finds it. "We're going to start walking now."

"You better not be punking me, mister," she says, a huge smile covering her face.

The closer we get, the faster my heart starts racing. Am I doing the right thing? Too late now, Roberts.

We stop across the street from the historic Chicago Theatre. I look up to the marquee in front of the building and smile. It's perfect. I had to call in a lot of favors, but it was worth it.

I take a deep breath and turn Kate to face the sign. Standing behind her, I lean down so that my mouth is by her ear.

"I want you to take off the blindfold now and look straight ahead. And remember to breathe."

I move back and watch her hands come up to her head, dragging the blindfold down and away from her eyes. She stands there motionless for what seems like an eternity, her hand lifting to her mouth in shock. She spins on her heels and stops dead in her tracks when she sees me kneeling on the sidewalk with my arm outstretched, a diamond solitaire engagement ring held out to her.

Her eyes are filled with tears as she nods her head up and down profusely, and my heart stops as I realize my firebird has just agreed to become my wife. She'll be mine forever.

I stand up and slide the ring onto her left hand finger before she jumps into my arms, wrapping her legs around my hips, our mouths crash together. Clapping and cheers surround us as we continue kissing, neither of us wanting to stop.

Eventually we have to stop, or else things will get graphic and we'll be up on public indecency charges. Without putting her down, I turn to look at the marquee again. Smiling at the sign that just made my life complete.

"Katelyn Marie McGuiness, Be my princess. My life. My wife. Marry me?"

Epilogue - "Top Of The World"

KATE

I'm turning the tables on him today. We've both got the same day off for the first time in what feels like months, so I'm hoping to make the most of it.

Now that we're at our destination, Zan looks at me with a confused look on his face. "You wanted to come to Navy Pier Park? Why didn't you just tell me?"

"And spoil the fun?" I wink at him which earns me a growl as he sticks his hands in my sides and starts tickling me. "Zan, stop it. Not. In. Public. You'll make me embarrass myself again." I can't stop giggling.

He pulls me in close and grins down at me. "Maybe I want that. It was fun. Okay, maybe not explaining to that woman that I was not attacking you in a park in broad daylight and that you were, in fact, laughing, not crying."

I whack him with the back of my hand. "Stop it. It was mortifying."

"Oh well, let's see what other trouble we can get into today then."

Oh, Zander, you have no freaking idea what I have planned for you.

I'm so excited, I'm almost giddy. All the way around Pier Park, walking hand in hand, he keeps looking down at me with a puzzled frown. I swear, the number of times he's shaken his head at me today would be a new record. What can I say? Small things amuse small minds, but this surprise is going to blow his mind.

We stop in line for the landmark 150-foot-high Ferris wheel. I decide to start phase one of my plan.

"Babe, I love that we finally get to spend the day together. No work, no friends with babies, no sisters. I love them all to death, but I miss our alone time."

His eyes soften as he leans down and brushes his lips gently against mine. "I love our alone time too." He wiggles his eyebrows at me suggestively, making me blush.

Dammit, how does he always manage to switch the tables on me? Oh, that's right. Because he's Zander Freaking Roberts, the man who can charm the panties off me with one sideways glance. My future husband. Still can't get my head around that. It's been weeks, and I still find myself staring at my gorgeous ring, moving my hand to make it sparkle in the sun, and purposefully putting my hand forward to get people's attention.

As I said, small things.

"I haven't ridden this in a few years," he comments, looking up at the giant structure as I pay for our tickets while Zander's not looking. He never lets me pay for anything, I secretly love it, but I also love beating him to the punch. It always results in punishment of the most delicious kind.

"Zan, you ready to go?"

"Babe, we need tick....ets," he glares at me, and I see the gleam in his eye telling me that I'm going to pay for it later in other ways. Little does he know that, in a few minutes, he won't be thinking about who paid for what.

We take a seat in one of the gondolas. I shut the door to make sure nobody else comes in. For what I have planned, we won't be wanting an audience.

A few more minutes and we start moving. Knowing that a full rotation only takes seven minutes and that I'll have my work cut out for me, I drop to my knees immediately, positioning myself between Zander's now outstretched legs.

"Babe..." he says in his low, deep voice that reaches me deep down in my girly parts. "Don't start something unless you plan on finishing it."

I start loosening his belt before undoing his button and zipper and inching his pants slightly down on his hips so that I can free his hard, straining cock.

I lean forward and lick the tip, my hand cupping his balls and gently kneading them in the way he likes as I suck the head of his c**k into my mouth. I feel his hand in my hair as he fans it out around his legs.

As I continue to take him deep into my mouth, I start humming which causes his whole body to shudder with pleasure.

"We're halfway, babe," he mutters, and I know he's not talking about the o**l s*x treatment I'm giving him. He's letting me know that I've got only a few more minutes until we're back at ground level.

I treat him to what I call my ' p**n star' style. I go at him hard and fast, licking and sucking and using my hand to tightly grip his shaft as I jerk him off into my mouth.

"Fuck, babe. Oh hell yes. God, this is better than any f**king fantasy I could ever have. Suck me, baby. I'm coming. Yes, babe, take it all," he stutters as he climaxes in my mouth and I swallow it down.

I sit back on my heels and proceed to tuck his softening c**k back into his pants before doing his zipper and button back up again and taking my seat beside him acting like nothing happened. I feel his gaze on me as I slowly turn my head and look at him.

I see love. Pure, unadulterated love shining straight back at me.

I finally found it. That one true love that I'd been searching for. The one I've strived to find my entire adult life. I successfully waded through all the frogs, toads, dwarfs, and dragons. I no longer have to be insanely jealous of my deliriously happy best friend and her perfect dream guy because I have one of my own. He may not be a superhero, but he's my protector, my lover, my friend, and best yet, my future husband.

You see, I've found the kind of crazy love I was warned about.

I've got the love that makes my heart skip a beat. The love that makes me want to dance in the rain and bottle up the sunset while screaming at the top of my lungs.

The kind of love that authors write about, musicians sing about, and lovers dream about.

I have it, and I'm not giving it up.

I've finally found True Bliss.

The End....

