Chapter One

Stay, Angelica. Please stay ...

The expression in Reyes's clear blue eyes pierced Angelica's heart. He was pleading for her to remain with him, to help him bring down the Starlin Group, the organization that abducted tens of thousands of humans every year and sold them into slavery.

She'd been with him long enough to understand that he walked this path alone and that he never asked anyone for help.

But he was asking her now.

He still wore his expensive Brioni tux from the after-auction party, and it didn't help that his broad shoulders tapered to a narrow waist or that he was so easy on the eyes. He had a striking appearance with thick black brows, straight nose, and soft, sensual lips. He had a sexy scruff, and his cheekbones angled sharply, adding to his don't-mess-with-me look.

She tried to be sensible. She had an obligation to her infirm mother that couldn't be ignored, a life to return to, a very human life. Even though Angelica knew she needed to make changes, to get out of the rut of her accounting job, of too much overtime and not enough social life. But she was still young and she could fix whatever needed to be fixed.

But if she stayed with Reyes she could die.

The truly sensible thing would be to run. Yet she hesitated.

He'd asked her to stay with him during the upcoming Starlin Festival, to continue playing her role as his slave for a few more days or possibly a few more weeks. If she left now he would have a hard time sustaining his cover, but if she stayed she'd have to form a blood-chain bond with him. The bond would help keep her safe from other slavers intent on manhandling her, would increase her ability to siphon his power, and would help her to know what he was feeling from one moment to the next. In the same way, he'd have a clearer view of everything she experienced.

Her own reasons for wanting to stay were far more complex. She had little to gain personally, except the knowledge that in playing her role and supporting Reyes she could possibly save thousands of lives.

The ominous risk to her life, however, kept her locked in a terrible place of indecision.

He stood close to her, the red leather box in his hand, the one that displayed the bonding chains. He wanted her with him badly.

But how could she possibly stay?

She glanced at the blood-chains one more time. Once bonded, the chains would create a proximity issue. From what he'd said, she'd have to remain at all times not more than ten feet away from him. Something about the bond didn't permit either person straying beyond that distance.

So close.

Something she had to admit: she wanted, to be that close to Reyes. And there would be no reason for not engaging sexually with him anymore, no holding back. Sudden desire, always a breath away, sent a shiver through her. She'd wanted him badly from the first, and she had no doubt that the blood-chain bond would take them the distance.

Extending her hand, she touched the chain on the left and immediately felt a strong drift of power, a vibration against the tip of her finger, like electricity. Everything about Reyes's world was so strange, the hidden caverns in which an entire vampire civilization lived, the way they could travel with altered flight and pass easily through stone as though it were air and not solid matter, and now the chains infused with his blood.

But could she do this?

Still touching the chain, she lifted her gaze to Reyes. His lips were parted and she could sense what he was feeling, that he desired her and something more, that he called to her from so deep in his soul that her heart seized.

His voice moved softly through her mind: stay.

I want to, Reyes, but I'm scared.

I know.

Then suddenly, as she continued to touch the chain, as the bonding sensation flowed through her finger, she felt drawn into the past. His past. She couldn't explain exactly what happened, but she saw Reyes as he'd been well over a century ago, when he was a teenager, as the young man abducted by slavers and sold at auction to the sadistic woman known as Sweet Dove.

The image sharpened in Angelica's mind, and she knew it had to be some kind of vision.

Her breathing grew short as she stayed in the past, seeing him as an innocent youth, full of fire and drive, stacks of books all around his cavern bedroom, as well as a bench, a rack, and barbells for working out. He looked so serious, even back then, so driven.

She didn't know how she was able to see into his past, but she kept looking and watching. He was lean and looked to be about fifteen. He barely had a beard, compared to his current scruff, but he was clearly proud of what was there, a typical boy in his teens.

She scanned the space and saw that many of the titles dealt with justice and the law. Even then, his purpose had been fixed.

She released the chain, and the image disappeared. She wasn't sure what had just happened, but she needed to know if what she'd seen was real. "When you were young, before you were abducted, did you live in a cave with rough, jagged walls, an arched doorway, and books stacked high, all scattered around the space?"

His eyes widened. "Are you telling me when you touched the chain that's what you saw?"

She nodded slowly. "You had workout equipment in there as well, a bench, barbells. Many of the books had to do with government and the law."

He stared at her. "You saw all these details?"

She nodded.

"You've just described my bedroom, the one I had growing up. And you say this happened when you touched the chain?"

"Yes. I felt a sort of electrical charge; then the image just came to me, of you when you were young."

He seemed more distressed than ever as he clamped the lid shut on the chains, then shifted to sit on the end of the bed. He scrubbed a hand through his short hair.

She pivoted to look at him. "So, I didn't imagine what I just saw?"

He lifted his gaze to her. "I was fourteen when I started collecting books from the European and American libraries. I wanted to know about government and about how various societies dealt with criminals, with the rights of the individual. All we have is a corrupt court system in our world."

"Then you'd already made the seeking of justice your mission even before you were abducted?"

He leaned forward, planting his elbows on his thighs. He clasped his hands tightly together, flexing his jaw several times. "A year prior, my father, a very powerful Ancestral, tried to take a stand against the injustices in our world, in particular the increasing sex-slave traffic. Shortly after he'd made his tenth speech to what had become larger and larger audiences, he disappeared. My mother and I never knew what happened to him, but we suspected he'd been assassinated, then dropped into the middle of the ocean somewhere to remove all traces of his existence. But we had no recourse, no one to turn to for help in finding out what had been done to him, never mind holding anyone liable for the crime."

Angelica hardly knew what to do with this new piece of information. Just before Reyes had been abducted he'd already had to endure his father's apparent murder. "And you'd planned that one day, you would take his place?"

He looked up at her, his blue eyes glittering. "I had. I was planning on studying in the human world, at one of the major European universities, when I was drugged and abducted."

She thought about this for a moment, about mother and son surviving the disappearance and probable death of a worthy husband and father. "Your mother must have been devastated when you disappeared."

"If you're asking what happened to her, she didn't survive. I think you might even say she died of a broken heart. Sweet Dove kept me informed, though, the gentle soul that my captor was, telling me how she'd stopped meeting her blood-needs, fell into madness, then perished."

Angelica, standing close to him, shaded her face with her hand. She saw all that he was in this moment, from the orphaned youth to the tortured slave under Sweet Dove's cruelty and to the current warrior on the brink of rectifying a terrible injustice in his world.

And all he had asked was that Angelica stay with him for the duration of Starlin's festival, attend a few functions, share a chain-bond and quite possibly his bed. Her life suddenly seemed so small because here was a man standing alone against an organization that earned billions each year from its crimes.

"Why was I able to see into your past like that? What was it I saw? I don't understand."

"It's called a revisiting vision. Some humans have markers in common with basic vampire DNA."

"And these humans can see into the past?"

"It's very rare, but apparently you have exactly that kind of capacity, which could be useful."

"And that's why this whole thing bothers you even more."

"Yes, because you're who you are. You're an amazing woman, and to top it off apparently you have this unique ability in my world."

She glanced at the leather box next to him. "So just by touching the chains, I could see the past. Would I see even more if I wore the chains? If I was bound to you?"

"I don't really know. This is new territory even for me."

"So you've never bound anyone before."

He shook his head. "Never wanted to. Never thought I would just on principle." He rose up and faced her once more. "All these questions, Angelica. Does this mean you're considering saying yes to my proposition?"

She nodded, but her throat grew tight. "There's just one thing. If anything happened to me, I would need to know that my mother was cared for."

"Of course," he stated, taking Angelica's arms gently in his hands.

"Not to put a damper on things, but what if you died as well? I really don't want to leave anything to chance here."

"I'll have papers drawn up immediately, so that she'll never lack for anything as long as she lives."

Angelica was so stunned that her mouth fell agape. "You would do that, without question?"

"It's the least I could do given the situation, given what I'm asking of you."

"At the Ocean Club, you accused me of being a gold digger."

He shook his head, a sad smile on his lips. "I knew you were no such thing. I was just trying to warn you away."

"And if only I'd gotten in my car and left." But she felt her lips curve; then tears started suddenly to her eyes and she began to weep, though she didn't really know why. The whole situation overwhelmed her, including Reyes and all that he'd been through. That alone, what he'd suffered even before his abduction, made her want to help him.

Reyes surprised her yet again as he rose up, drew her gently into his arms, and just held her. He rubbed her back, letting her feel whatever it was she needed to feel.

"You're exhausted," he said against her cheek. "Why don't you get some sleep and we'll talk about this again when you wake up? If you still think you want to stay with me through the Starlin events we can work out all the details, including an arrangement that will protect your mother's future. You can ask anything you want about the blood-chains and, perhaps more importantly, what will be expected of you in the coming days and nights. For now, bedtime."

At the mere mention of sleep fatigue settled into her bones as much from the mental stress as anything else. "You're right."

After getting ready for bed Angelica crawled beneath the comforter. Reyes gave her some much-needed space, leaving the room to take care of other business.

As she fell asleep what slipped through her mind didn't have anything to do with concerns for her mother or even what she might have to do if she stayed in Reyes's world but, rather, her own heart. She already felt a connection to the man, so what would happen if she joined him in a blood-chain bond? Most certainly he would become her lover, but what if she grew even more attached to him than she already was? What if she fell in love with him? How would she ever be able to leave this world after that?

###

Later, long after Angelica had fallen asleep, Reyes lay on top of the comforter next to her. For her sake, though he usually went commando, he now wore pajamas and a robe. He didn't want her to assume for a moment that he had any expectations, and he was pretty sure the last thing she needed to confront right now was his na**d male body.

With one arm slung over the top of his head, he thought back to the cave she'd described, to the bedroom from his youth that reflected his plans to take up his father's cause.

Despite the fact that his father had been killed by his enemies, Reyes had embraced his calling to bring down the vile elements in his world. How ironic that Reyes had then been enslaved by a sadistic female owner for over a century.

Now Angelica was here and she was considering remaining with him.

With his mind reeling at this unexpected turn of events, that Angelica would have an added power if they forged the chain-bond, he finally left the bed and paced quietly in the opposite sitting room.

He poured himself another Bowmore and drank deeply, his gaze shifting to the bed. Angelica had thrown the comforter back and lay on her stomach. She wore a short dark-blue silk nightgown that rode up, exposing much of her white creamy skin and the curve of her bu**ocks.

His constant need for her flooded him in a sudden wash of desire. For just a moment he imagined kissing that curve and running his tongue in the erotic crease where her bu**ocks met the backs of her thighs.

He shifted away from her and sipped his scotch again. He needed to get hold of himself, to stop lusting after the woman. If she chose to remain, more than anything he would want her to feel respected.

###

When Angelica woke up she lay on her back staring up at a carved ceiling. Reyes's world made use of stone in ways she'd never seen before, sometimes a reflection of the actual makeup of the cavern, sometimes added. In this case, she wasn't sure. An angled flow of black granite, speckled with silver, stretched across the entire cavern space. Parts of the room appeared to be squared up with drywall, but other parts had been carved out of rock.

Reyes was nowhere to be seen, but his bedroom suite was larger than her entire apartment, so he could be anywhere right now. She listened hard, wondering if perhaps he was in the workout room or the bathroom, but nothing returned to her.

She drew up her knees and crossed her ankles, resting her hands in her lap. The comforter was a beautiful burgundy silk and felt expensive. But then Reyes had money. He'd paid $5 million for her.

She pressed her hands to her cheeks as she once more processed all that had happened to her over the space of a week. She'd had her life turned upside down and was even now considering donning a blood-chain and binding herself to a vampire.

Her brain still had trouble making sense of the word vampire, despite the fact that Reyes had already sunk his fangs and taken his fill. If she bound herself to him he'd be doing more of that, which of course sent a shiver down her neck, and desire bloomed yet again.

What would it be like to really be with Reyes? To share his bed, his body, all that he was?

She slipped from bed and moved to the bookshelf opposite. Reyes had left the box in plain view, and she wanted to look at the chains once more.

As she flipped the lid there they were, two simple dark metal chains, each with loops about a half inch long. She recalled the revisiting vision and wondered if she would experience something similar again.

She touched the links, but nothing happened, perhaps because Reyes wasn't nearby; she didn't know.

She closed the lid, returning to the bed this time to sit down on the edge, her gaze fixed to the box, to the chains, to the tough decision she had to make. She'd hoped that when she awakened she'd know which way to fall, whether backward to her life as a human with a job that bored her and to the care of her mother or forward into the dark unknown, into what looked like a world that had enough evil to fill up a universe.

Instead, Angelica was as much on the fence as she had been the night before.

Her instincts told her that if she bound herself to Reyes what happened between them afterward wouldn't be simple. Her attraction to him hadn't dimmed in the least, despite the horrible nature of the events that had occurred after the Ruby Theater Players had put on their little production.

Her cheeks grew hot all over again as she recalled going down on Reyes in front of a bunch of strangers. She would be foolish, however, to fail to consider that something similar or perhaps even worse might happen if she agreed to stay.

As thoughts of Reyes came to mind, even going back as far as kissing him at the Ocean Club, she realized that what bothered her the most was her vulnerability to him. Her heart already leaned in his direction and had tilted even further when she'd learned that instead of being a slaver, he was intent on bringing down this part of his world.

For that reason, she couldn't have admired him more.

But she also knew that she and Reyes lived on opposite sides of a deep gorge, with a very flimsy rope bridge between. The human and vampire worlds didn't mix.

She simply didn't know how to make this decision.

###

Reyes sat in his office, at his large burl-wood desk, going through page after page on the Starlin Group private Web site. Now that he was officially a member, he'd been given access.

So far his cruise through the site had essentially confirmed what he'd learned about Starlin over the decades, that Engles was Scorpion's link to the rest of the group and that Scorpion remained the most powerful force behind the organization. But the Web site had at least given Reyes the names of all the Starlin board members.

His next step had to be getting on the Board of Governors, a process that would no doubt take a long time to achieve. And as much as he'd like to get this whole thing settled as fast as possible, he'd already accepted that his mission might require years, if not decades, of patient effort. But being on the board would give him access to the information he needed to bring the entire organization down.

When he'd opened up the Web site the first thing he'd checked was a slave mortality counter from the recent auction. The counter was still set to "zero," which meant that none of the slaves had died yet. That number would change, but the fact that it sat on the Web site, with a flashing graphic around it, was one more indicator of the perverse nature of this group.

A link next to the mortality counter led to a secondary site for placing bets on which slaves were likely to die next and when, down to the minute. He'd clicked on it to familiarize himself with every aspect of Starlin's operation, but what he found there only deepened his disgust, something he hadn't thought possible. The site had pictures posted of every slave and her stats as well as information on the slave owners, including their known levels of abuse toward the humans they'd owned previously. Both he and Angelica were listed there, which meant that his cover held. He'd fabricated a reputation of having kept and killed over thirty-eight slaves over the past two decades, preferring slow-kills to short, brutal ones. Odds changed constantly, an indication that serious betting was going on even now.

As he scrolled back to the home page his thoughts turned toward Angelica and his senses told him she was awake. He almost shifted to altered flight and hurried to his bedroom in order to find out what decision she'd made about staying in his world. But he decided against it. He'd know soon enough, and the woman might want to have a shower first before confronting her vampire host.

He turned his attention, therefore, to the Starlin Festival and to the string of social events that would give each winning bidder more chances to display their newly acquired slaves.

He clicked on the Festival tab at the top of the Starlin Web site and found a rather lengthy list of parties that he could attend with Angelica, that is, if just this once the wind decided to blow in his direction.

###

Angelica still didn't know what to do. She'd never been so torn about a decision in her entire life.

She wanted to stay as passionately as she wanted to get the hell out of this insane world.

Once more, she rose up from the bed and crossed to the leather box.

This time, she took it back with her, sat down again, and balanced the box on her lap. Opening the lid, she decided to hold one of the chains this time. Maybe the blood-infused links would speak to her in a way that would help her make up her mind.

Several very small metal latches kept the chain in place, and once she removed them she drew the chain from the box. She set the red leather container aside.

She slid the blood-chain over her wrist and found that it had a nice weight. Only this time, perhaps because it rested against her skin, she experienced a faint vibration that felt like Reyes. She couldn't express it any other way. The chains reflected the way she thought of him, very powerful, intense, with a layering of determination that expressed his current goals.

She closed her eyes and forced her mind to relax. She posed the question silently: Why should I stay here with Reyes? Why should I choose such an impossible path? Why?

A single image rose swiftly within the center of her brain, of the Russian female slave from last night, the one who bore bruises all over her na**d body. Angelica saw her clearly outside Engles's mansion, when her slave owner had attacked her throat and drunk from her neck.

Angelica opened her eyes. She could still hear the woman's whimpers.

From that memory Angelica's decision roared toward her with hurricane-force winds. Though she'd wanted to escape back to her ordinary life, she was needed here, maybe even for as long as it took to make sure that Starlin didn't abduct even one more vulnerable human.

She slid the chain off her wrist, holding it in both hands.

With her decision made, she simply slid the blood-chain over her head and let it fall around her neck. She pulled her hair from beneath until each link connected with her skin.

She drew in a deep breath as the chain began to vibrate softly and a sense of Reyes came into focus. She could even tell where he was in relation to the upstairs bedroom, as though some kind of vampire locator process had just clicked into place. Right now he sat in his office on the bottom floor.

She took another breath, and through the chain she began to siphon his power, letting it flow into her. She felt strengthened and renewed, something she hadn't expected.

###

Reyes had been so intent on reviewing all the parties to which he'd been invited that at first he didn't notice that his power was leaving him in a steady stream.

When he realized what it had to be he stood up abruptly and struggled to take a couple of breaths.

Angelica had put on one of the blood-chains.

Though he'd never been chained before, he knew instinctively that this was exactly what had happened. He could sense it in the same way he felt the level of Angelica's determination.

She'd made her decision.

She was staying.

A wave of relief poured through him, as well as a thrill that he'd have the woman with him for at least the next few days.

But he had to calm down. His adrenals had released a huge amount of hormones, which had in turn ramped up his ever-present desire for the human. Glancing down at his jeans, he saw he had an uncomfortable bulge and adjusted himself because what shouldn't have been the least bit swollen was now rock solid.

He hadn't expected such a sudden, profound reaction. Maybe he'd wanted the bond and wanted her with him, but he'd set aside just how deeply attracted to her he was. Now, however, all that longing came into sharp focus.

But the last thing she needed was him coming at her in an aroused state.

Closing his eyes, he focused not on Angelica, but on his mission. That, at least, would help calm things down. He could finalize his itinerary now and choose which of the Festival parties to attend. There'd be a boat parade first in an extensive underground cavern that had over fifty mansions built on either side of a wide and very deep underground river. Engles had a place there, so his party would definitely be one of the stops.

Reyes was still the acknowledged guest of honor, and a variety of invitations had lit his in-box within the first hour following his winning bid at the auction.

Now Angelica would be with him. But how was he supposed to control his drive toward her?

At last calm, he shifted to altered flight and made his way slowly toward his bedroom, though he thought it only fair to give her a warning. I'm coming to you.

###

I'm here. Angelica still sat on the bed, the red leather box beside her.

She was suddenly very nervous. The chains would change everything. She'd known it instinctively, which was why the decision had been so damn hard.

But even as these thoughts rippled through her mind she could also sense Reyes's feelings and reactions. She smiled. His initial response had been full of sex, so much like a man.

She'd gotten that.

His desire for her had been like a warm wave easing down her body and making her feel things she shouldn't be feeling. But she'd known this would be a problem for her and for him as well. The chains merely accentuated what was already there, what had been simmering between them from that first kiss in the foyer of the Ocean Club.

When he arrived she watched him move through the solid wall and cabinet in the sitting room, appearing almost opaque at first, then solid, as he shifted from altered flight to mere levitation. He touched down near one of the brown leather club chairs but stayed put.

She rose to her feet to face him, suddenly aware that she should have at least gotten dressed. She'd been so caught up with her need to make a decision that she'd forgotten, until his gaze drifted up and down her body, that she wore only a short blue silk negligee.

"I'm sorry," she said.

"For what?" But his voice sounded hoarse.

"I should have put something on."

He nodded. "It's okay. I'm just so ... grateful." His gaze fell to the chain around her neck. "Angelica, what you've done is enormous."

He moved toward her slowly, which affected her senses all over again. He walked like the powerful athlete he was, the outlines of his muscular shoulders and chest visible beneath a thin dark-blue V-neck sweater. He wore snug jeans and she couldn't decide whether she preferred this look, or the leather jacket he'd worn at the Ocean Club, or his tux. The man looked great in anything.

She touched the blood-chain, which vibrated more and more heavily the closer he got.

When he stood in front of her she caught a whiff of the ocean, like he'd been running along a seashore. The scent was very male and weakened her knees. His eyes were so blue, and once more the scruff over his jaw and chin made her tongue tingle.

"Angelica, I don't know what to say."

"You've already said it." She reached down and picked up the leather box, opening it once more so that it faced him.

He released the small clasps that held the second chain in place, then lifted it carefully with both hands. "The vibration is already so strong."

"And you've never done this before?"

He shook his head.

"Having reservations?"

He met her gaze. "I promised myself that I'd never be bound in chains again, of any kind, yet here I am."

She felt his distress, which caused her to reach out and settle her hand on his shoulder. "It'll be all right. It's just me."

At that he smiled ruefully. "You're right, but now I feel bad."

"Why?"

"Because I should be the one comforting you."

Her turn to smile. "As to that, I have a feeling you'll be doing a lot of that before we're through."

He held her gaze. "And it will be the least I can do."

She glanced at the chain he held in his hands. "So, what do you say? Now that I've made the decision, I'm dying to find out what it's really like."

He nodded and, using both hands, slid the chain over his head. It looked good on him, especially the dark metal against his blue sweater. She realized then that her vision had sharpened.

"I can see better."

"That would follow, but I can also sense your fear. I can almost feel your heart racing."

She nodded. "All that's true. I'm frightened half out of my mind right now."

"By me?"

"Oh, God, no, Reyes, not even a little. I trust you implicitly; otherwise I could never have done this. I fear what's likely to happen as we move forward with your mission. If the Festival events are anything like the after-auction party ..." She let the rest of the thought hang.

At that he drew her into his arms, holding her tight, exactly what she needed. She slid her arms around his back, the sweater soft beneath her fingers. "See, you're comforting me already."

He held her like that for a few minutes, maybe waiting for her heart to settle down. He couldn't have known how much his big body and the latent strength of his arms eased her.

Finally, he drew back. "I want to test the proximity limitation. I think it'll be a bit of a challenge to get used to."

"Good idea."

He started backing away from her, one step at a time, and when he'd reached the ten-foot mark she felt the pull on her chain, a very strong warning tug.

"Do you feel that?"

He nodded but continued to inch backward. With each movement the tension increased. It was the strangest sensation, as though it would pull her forward soon and she'd fall flat on her face.

Instead of letting that happen, he took a couple of steps in her direction. "What did that feel like for you?"

"As though we had a taut rope between us and you were tugging. Hard."

"Same here."

What she didn't say was just how much of him she could feel, as though whatever thoughts he had or reactions he experienced automatically communicated themselves through the chains. It was both unsettling yet in a way thrilling. She felt strangely close to him right now. "So, what's on the agenda?"

At that he smiled as he returned to stand close to her once more. "The first part shouldn't be too bad. It's a boat parade."

She laughed. "A what?"

He explained about the underground river community where many of the wealthier members had homes and which was hidden behind a heavy, layered disguise.

"So these creeps can keep doing their thing without threat of jail time."

"Exactly. Although in our courts there isn't much risk of meaningful prosecution. Most of the judges are corrupt. Of course, if the entire vampire population knew what was going on there would be an uprising."

She considered all that he'd said. "No wonder you had to develop a cover over a period of years. With so much security in place, you couldn't have gotten this far otherwise. So tell me more about the festival."

"The parade lasts for several hours, with the boats coming and going and parties held at riverside. Most of these homes have landscaped front yards, patios, barbecues, and viewing decks."

"If I wasn't so horrified by what these people did, I'd be excited about seeing this place." She shook off the uneasy feeling about what would be ahead of her. "So you'll show me off, like you did at the after-auction party, which doesn't sound too bad." She felt the chain at her neck vibrate. "But you're worried."

"The situation won't be much different; that's true. The new slaves will be on display, forced to perform certain acts."

"And you're worried that we'll end up in a similar situation to the theater."

"I'll do my absolute best to avoid it; just be prepared."

"I understand."

He took her arm in his hand and squeezed gently. "I'll try to get us through without incident. The main thing is to make a show of being there. All we'll really need to do is appear at a number of the parties, talk to a few of the Starlin board members, then we can leave."

"I don't suppose we could avoid Engles." Angelica could only hope.

"He'll have to see you at least once, but we'll make it quick; then I'll bring you back here."

"So, how much time do I have?"

"We can go whenever you want. The parade has already started but lasts for hours, as do all the parties. Later is always better; that way we can make an entrance."

"I'm thrilled. Okay, I'll shower now." When she turned to go he moved with her, which brought her up short. "I think I can do this alone."

At that he smiled, but she didn't understand why. "Of course." He stayed put.

She moved on a quick tread, and the next moment the blood-chain bond not only gave a strong tug on her neck but also jerked her backward so that she fell on her tush.

Still sitting on the floor, she looked back at him and scowled. "You did that on purpose."

He chuckled. "I'm sorry. If I thought it would have done that to you, I would have said something. But I also thought that it wouldn't be a bad thing for either of us to experience the proximity problem of the bond." He slid a hand beneath her arm, lifting her to her feet.

She waved him forward. "Fine. Looks like you'll have to be in the bathroom with me."

"Hold on. Let me grab my laptop."

Without thinking he moved swiftly in the direction of the sitting room, and the next thing Angelica knew this time he was flying backward. She laughed as he rose to his feet, but she hurried past him, picked up his laptop, and handed to him. "It's really not that funny, is it?"

He narrowed his gaze at her, but his lips curved. "Let's go. I have what I need."

Chapter Two

Once inside the bathroom Reyes had to keep moving himself and his laptop, tracking with Angelica, in order to sustain their distance restriction and avoid another tug at his neck. At least the toilet had its own small room for privacy, so that wouldn't be an issue.

He decided, however, that there were too many mirrors in the room. Though he could avoid watching her actually strip out of her short nightgown or hop in the shower, a couple of stray glances had allowed him too many glimpses of her na**d body.

Fortunately, the shower was a walk-in separated by block glass tiles and he really couldn't see anything. He could imagine it, though.

He took a deep breath and opened his laptop, letting it sit on the side of the long marble counter. He returned to the Starlin Web site and once more perused the various parties he could attend.

Now that he knew who the board members were, he set up a separate document and listed the ten most influential. He then removed five whose human slaves rarely made it past the first week. He wasn't about to expose Angelica to the worst of the slavers if he could help it. That left him with five less-criminal party hosts, including Engles.

He found their homes and plotted a course along the river walk.

When Angelica finished her shower and donned a robe the real difficulty arose when she had to choose from the fantasy wear that the Starlin Group had provided for her. She sighed heavily over each of them as she pushed one hanger aside after another.

She glanced at him, wrinkling her nose. "Do I have to?"

It was such a normal response that he chuckled. "They're all horrible. Why not close your eyes and pick one? Either that or I will."

"I'll do it." But she actually did as he suggested. He watched her gather all the hangers and costumes into one tight group, then close her eyes. Waving her hand back and forth a few times, she reached out and grabbed one.

She groaned at the sight of the costume, but she didn't put it back. She'd randomly selected a very small outfit made up of a thong and a bustier of leopard print in black and turquoise. A pair of black thigh-high stockings, trimmed in matching leopard-print fabric, completed the barely there outfit.

Glancing down at the row of shoes below, she picked out a turquoise pair of what appeared to be a rather pain-inducing platform set with six-inch stilettos.

She scowled as she showed them to him. "You may have to carry me half the time."

"With pleasure."

Her gaze caught and held. "You know, you're exactly how I thought you would be. You're very kind, Reyes."

"You thought I was kind?" He was stunned.

"Maybe respectful is the better word. Even Marcus said that about you."

"Marcus?"

She nodded. "At Briggs's. He's one of the bartenders."

"Marcus, of course. And he thought I was respectful."

"Toward women."

Reyes nodded slowly. "That's an interesting view, though I'm not certain where he got that idea."

"Wait, what are you thinking about right now? Because I swear you feel really badly about something, but I can't imagine what that might be."

He held her gaze. He needed to remind himself that whatever he experienced, the chains would communicate his reactions. "I've used the slaves badly in this part of the world to build my cover, demanding sex from them, treating them no better than most of the other Starlin men who attend the sex clubs. I've watched women being hurt in sex shows and haven't lifted a finger to help. So somehow the compliment falls short of reality."

She grew very solemn, holding the faux-leopard costume against her stomach. "Did you ever hurt any of these women yourself?"

"Do you think it's necessary to cause pain in order to violate a slave? Every command is a violation."

She drew close, caressing his shoulder. "I understand."

"How can you? You've never been a slave."

She glanced at the costume in her hand, then let it drop to the floor. Meeting his gaze once more, she said, "You seem to forget that I was a captive for a week, even through the time that you seduced me while I hung in chains. Maybe it wasn't the level of torture you've gone through, but I experienced the same kind of overwhelming impotence and fear. I think it's one of the reasons I chose to stay here, to help you with your mission. It was such a terrible feeling ..." She got no further, as tears filled her eyes. "I want to help. I really do."

He drew her into his arms once more. He remained silent for a long moment, then said quietly, "I was thinking about this Asian woman I used recently. She begged me to buy her, to take her out of that club, and I couldn't."

Angelica drew out of his arms and swiped her cheeks. "Why not?"

"At the time, I was still performing for a couple of Starlin spies. I hadn't been granted my membership yet. I couldn't take the chance."

"But you've been accepted since then. Is anything preventing you from buying her now? I mean, would that go against the rules?"

He felt light-headed suddenly. He hadn't quite adjusted to his new reality, that he was a Starlin member, a participant. He'd been vetted and approved. "You're right. I have a new set of options I didn't have before." When she reached down to pick up the costume and started to take it off the hanger he said, "Leave that. I want to do this now. I want to buy her before something terrible happens to her, if it hasn't already."

After Angelica put the leopard outfit back on the rod he took her by the arm and guided her back out to the sitting area. He found his phone and called the club, asking for the owner.

The man gushed at Reyes's call. Of course he did, especially when Reyes offered a hundred thousand for the Asian slave. "She's still available, but working, Master Reyes."

But Reyes grew very quiet and with his silence let the club owner feel his displeasure.

"Of course, I can have her sent over immediately."

"That would be wise."

"Yes, master. Of course, master."

"I'll have the money wired within the next few minutes."

When he hung up he alerted his security staff of the woman's impending arrival. Closing his laptop, he made a second phone call to his bank, talked with the manager to exchange codes, and got the sum transferred.

A few minutes later, with Angelica by his side, he descended the stairs and opened the door to the woman who had serviced him so recently. Her eyes were wide with fear until she saw him; then she fell at his feet, sobbing. A stream of gratitude poured from her mouth.

Mathilde, his housekeeper, arrived with a robe in her hand and draped it over the woman. She had several bruises on her back. Some of the customers liked to get rough with the women.

A profound euphoria curled through Reyes that he'd finally been free enough to do what he'd felt an impulse to do a thousand times during the past several decades. From the moment he'd entered the sex-slave clubs he'd wanted to liberate every slave he'd encountered.

In some ways it felt insignificant, this sole woman when hundreds of thousands had died. Yet at the same time nothing was more important than the individual.

"What's your name? Your real name?"

She lifted her face, wiping it on the robe. "Fei Yen."

"Welcome, Fei Yen, to my home. This is my housekeeper, Mathilde, and she will take care of you. For the present, you will serve here."

She glanced at Angelica, saw the chain around her neck, then lowered her eyes. "I understand."

Reyes figured out her mistake immediately, that she believed she would be expected to service them both from now on. He remembered feeling that way for a long time after he'd escaped from Sweet Dove, that every look, request, gesture by a normal person he interpreted through his sex-slave experience.

He understood, so he took Fei Yen's chin in his hand and lifted her gaze to meet his. "The only obligation you will have in my household from this time forth is to recover from your wounds and to do any small chores that my housekeeper will ask of you. And the only reason I have to insist on the latter is to make sure that I sustain my appearance in this world. Do you understand?"

"Yes." But tears once more filled her eyes. "No."

He could see she was in a state of shock and probably wouldn't believe the reality of her situation for a long time. He nodded for Mathilde to lead her away.

He led Angelica slowly back up the stairs, knowing that he had just changed the woman's life forever. Angelica took his arm and squeezed hard. Thank you for this.

He glanced at her and saw that her dark-brown eyes glistened with unshed tears. The chain at his neck vibrated softly, a pure reflection of her appreciation.

But he felt the same way, almost overcome. "I don't think it would have occurred to me, so thank you. I know the sensation won't last, but I swear my heart feels as though a terrible weight has been lifted."

"You did good."

"You don't know how many times I've wanted to do exactly that."

"What will happen to her?"

"I have a connection who helps rehabilitate sex slaves and return them to their former lives. When the time is right, I'll send her to him."

Once back in his sitting room, he scrubbed a hand through his hair. "I guess we'd better get going."

Angelica settled a hand on his shoulder. "Not yet. Take a moment."

He held her gaze, that same shining light still in her eyes. "What are you thinking?"

"That you're an amazing man." Then, just as she had done at the Ocean Club, she leaned up and kissed him.

He closed his eyes, savoring the sensation, aware that what translated through the chains had to do with her admiration for him, the respect she'd talked about earlier. He hadn't bought the slave to gain Angelica's approval, nothing like that. Yet he drank in her approbation like a cool drink on a hot summer day.

His desire for her rose, a tremendous wave of need that threatened to swamp him. But for just a moment he let it flow, letting her feel just how much he wanted her.

He surrounded her with his arms and drew her tight against his chest. She moaned softly, so that he deepened the kiss, sliding his tongue into her mouth.

She responded, moving her tongue against his, stroking in a sensual way that made him think so many things at once that he had to draw back.

All he'd done was kiss her and he was hard as a rock yet again.

He leaned his forehead against hers.

"Reyes," she murmured.

He loved the sound of her voice. He couldn't recall the last time he'd ever allowed himself to stop long enough to have that thought, that a woman's voice could please him.

He'd been a lone wolf for a very long time, loping through the forest on a solitary track, hunting his prey.

Yet somewhere along the way Angelica had come into his life, an unexpected miracle who eased him.

But it was time to get to the boat parade. "I think I should warn you about something."

He felt a quick spurt of her anxiety through the chains. "What's that?"

"About the parade. There will probably be couples on the boats performing all sorts of sex acts. Just want you to be warned."

She shook her head and turned in the direction of the hall. "Well, come on then. Let's get me strapped into this heinous costume, then go celebrate with a bunch of pervs."

###

Angelica could never have imagined an immense two-mile-long cavern, or a river sixty feet across flowing down the center, or a soft wind that blew constantly so that the air smelled fresh and clean.

She siphoned Reyes's power in a steady stream now so that her vision kept improving. She stood beside him on a long wood deck at the river's edge, and though the cavern was dark, she saw everything as though it were lit by a soft glow of light. Given the height of her stilettos, she nearly stood shoulder-to-shoulder with him.

Wait staff brought drinks around, and she was careful not to ask for anything or to look anyone in the eye. Reyes held a whiskey in his right hand but held her tethered to him with a leash that ran from his right wrist to the front of her choke collar.

For the occasion he wore a short black leather jacket, though this one had silver boa skin across the top of the shoulders and down the arms. It wouldn't have been a first choice, but he looked amazing anyway. Besides, he fit in. This crowd didn't hold back when it came to clothes, and some of the men wore strange snakeskin shoes that showed the heads of the snakes on the pointed tips.

Her fantasy costume didn't cover much, and every breeze caused another round of goose bumps to rise on her bare ass. Oddly, the thigh-high stockings helped her to feel more covered up than she really was.

The turquoise stilettos had really bothered her until Reyes suggested she send some of the power she siphoned to her strained arches and bent toes.

She thought the idea brilliant, and after a couple of tries she finally succeeded in sending relief to her aching feet. Though not all the pain had disappeared, enough did so that she could walk without nearly as much agony.

She didn't understand how his power worked or how she was able to siphon it. Vampires possessed extraordinary advantages over their human counterparts, which made her wonder why, with so much power, his civilization hadn't conquered hers.

When she asked Reyes quietly he explained that while his kind lived very long lives, sometimes even millennia, they had poor reproduction rates. Their numbers ran in the low millions, compared to the billions of humans who populated the planet.

"Beyond that, we're not a highly centralized society. We still haven't figured out how to manage our psychopaths."

She glanced at the villas up and down the opposite bank. Each was very different yet had an ancient Italian feel. Knowing she and Reyes would raise questions if they continued in conversation, she maintained her submissive, head-lowered posture and switched to telepathy. I can't believe all this is hidden from our world.

Reyes kept his posture rigid, his feet apart, a very dominant position. He wrapped the leash once around his wrist but didn't make eye contact with her. We have many Ancestral vampires who can create intricate disguises.

Ancestrals? Here was something new. She found it difficult to converse without wanting to look at him.

The most powerful in our world rise to Ancestral status, which is essentially the name given to that power.

Are you an Ancestral?

I have the genetic markers, but I haven't embraced that level of power. Not sure I'm going to, but I have the rest of my life to make that choice.

She turned and held his gaze. Why are you holding back?

He scowled, though at first she didn't know why. Angelica, remember your posture. Now.

She lowered her eyes quickly to support his cover. Sorry. Forgot for a moment.

He gripped the back of her neck. We're being watched. Pretend that I'm hurting you.

She bent her knees and groaned.

When he released her neck she slumped her shoulders. How's this?

Better. One of the men on the Board of Governors was watching us. He's smiling now and nodding his approval.

Bastard.

Yes, he is.

Reyes turned toward the right and aloud said, "Another boat is coming. You may approach the rail to observe."

Angelica did as she was told but kept her head slightly bowed. "Thank you, master."

The fifteen-foot boat moved slowly and had an amazing array of purple lights that rose to a pinnacle, which in turn lit up like a fireworks rocket exploding. There was even an accompanying sound effect. But built up over the pilot's station was a platform on which a slave couple, both manacled, maneuvered through several sexual positions, as though performing an orchestrated dance. Maybe they were.

Once more Angelica averted her gaze. She hated seeing them like this, but at least it reminded her why she and Reyes were here.

I can feel your distress. Why don't we to move to the next party?

Yes, please.

He gathered up the slack in the leash and tugged as he drew her across the deck, heading toward the public walkway. The riverside path had been smoothed out of the natural surrounding rock, twelve feet in width.

Many offered their congratulations once more at both his acceptance into the organization as well as his winning bid.

A large portion of the slaves were completely naked, not even accorded the fantasy costume like the one she had on. At least the faux-leopard bustier and thong covered her up a little.

A female slaver walked by with a well-endowed male slave who had his hand on his upright cock, supporting himself as he moved. His eyes had a low-lidded, glazed appearance. Angelica looked away, trying to figure this one out. Was he enjoying himself or doing something else entirely?

I can feel the question vibrating through my chain, Angelica. And the answer is yes, he must remain in an aroused state or he'll be punished.

Oh, God. She understood a little about the male anatomy. How is he able to do that?

There are a lot of tricks.

Of course Reyes would know: he'd been a male enslaved to a sadistic female. But this slave was from her world.

Reyes continued, Given that he's human, he's probably pumped full of a drug meant to treat erectile dysfunction.

She didn't repress the heavy sigh that followed.

###

Reyes despised that Angelica had to walk slightly behind him. Her position also stressed him out, since he couldn't control what happened in his wake. If one of these partygoers, many of whom were drunk, decided to cop a feel Reyes was pretty sure he'd come unglued.

Let me know if anyone touches you. I won't stand for it. He moved his gaze from side to side, watching everyone who passed.

Is that why my chain is vibrating like a Harley right now?

If any of these cretins put his hands on you ...

Okay, ease down. I can see your neck muscles flex. That's not good for any man, and probably not a vampire, either.

He cleared his throat. You're going to make me laugh.

You need to laugh more.

Maybe so, but right now I'm seeing another of the Board of Governors, a man by the name of Fitch, and I'll want to meet him. He's a few yards away, very tall. Wears his hair flowing around his shoulders. He has one of his slaves with him. The blond woman was na**d and stared dull-eyed toward the ground in front of her.

Oh, my God, Reyes, she has cuts in perfect thin lines down her abdomen. He must have used the cat's claw.

Looks like it, but there's nothing we can do.

She'll die.

Not right away. He's known to take his time.

Fitch approached. "Reyes. It is Reyes, right?"

Reyes once more picked up the slack on Angelica's leash and drew her close to his side. He extended his hand, and Fitch shook it. "How do you do, Master Fitch? I understand you're on the Starlin board."

"I am and your name keeps coming up at the meetings, has for some time. Keep up the good work and you might be asked to join us."

Reyes strove to check his emotions, but excitement coursed through him. He had one goal here, to get on the board, but he was prepared for his efforts to take years. Would it be possible to speed up his plans? "I'd like that. Starlin has set the bar in every sense."

"One day, we'll exceed even Briggs in volume."

Daniel Briggs was the largest slaver in the entire vampire world and his Dark Cavern system, which he owned and operated, moved more slaves than any other outfit. He was also untouchable as the most powerful vampire on the planet and currently now headed up the Council of Ancestors.

Once Reyes brought Starlin down, he fully intended to turn his sights on Briggs. The vampire owned hundreds of clubs from which he drew new talent, the current euphemism for fresh slaves. Briggs even owned the Ocean Club, which Starlin also used to gather its slaves, including Angelica.

Wishing Fitch enjoyment of the festivities, Reyes tugged on Angelica's leash.

As he moved past Fitch, however, Angelica's voice shot through his head. Reyes, he just grabbed my ass.

Fitch?

Yes.

Reyes didn't stop to think; he whirled, leaped toward Fitch, and had him in a choke hold on the ground, one knee hard into the vampire's sternum. "You don't touch my slave. Sharing is a courtesy but not a right. You ask first. Have you got that?" Board or no board, Reyes was setting some boundaries.

A crowd gathered quickly, but Reyes didn't care. He had to live this life for now and Angelica had already sacrificed so much to play her role, but like hell would he let any man touch her and not feel the consequences.

"Understood." Fitch's voice now sounded hoarse, like he had laryngitis. "Apologies."

Reyes released him slowly, then rose to his feet. He didn't wait to say anything more to the man, but Reyes did notice the startled look in the blond slave's eye and that tears welled quickly after.

Reyes understood. He cursed several times as he moved away. He'd just made it worse for the woman. Fitch was a bully, like most of these slavers, and he'd take his humiliation out on her.

Reyes? Are you okay? What's going on?

I want you to move forward and walk in front of me; just keep your head down. I can't have that happen again.

Angelica moved past him, unsteady in her stilettos. I'm getting a feeling you're upset about Fitch's slave.

I am. He'll punish her because I humiliated him just now. I wasn't thinking, but I felt your horror rise up like a wave because he'd fondled you and your reaction jump-started my own.

Did you just ruin your chances with the board?

Don't give a f**k if I did. I thought I would be more tolerant, but not chain-bound.

Angelica sighed. Nothing about this is simple, is it?

No, it's not.

At the next party a live band had just set up. Over two hundred guests danced on the largest outdoor patio Reyes had ever seen. Drinks abounded and by now several slavers were stumbling around. Others made a show of dominating their slaves, everything on display. More than one woman was being hurt.

Wanting to get Angelica away from as much of the cruelty as possible, he guided her toward the front entrance of the house. Another board member owns this place. Master Kell.

But the chains had grown very quiet on Reyes's neck. When he didn't get a response he drew close and stroked the back of her arm in such a way that no one could see what he was doing. Hey, are you okay?

She turned back to glance at him, then lowered her gaze. I don't suppose there's someplace we can hide out for a while. I'm a little overwhelmed. Her telepathic voice grew faint, That man was raping his slave anally right on the lawn.

I know. Let's get you inside.

The mansion, made of cream-colored stone and decked out with handsome pillars for support, went on for at least fifty feet in either direction and had two stories and a grand curved staircase.

A woman stood in the center of the foyer, wearing a sophisticated tight black dress. He understood her role as the housekeeper.

"How do you do, Master Reyes, and welcome to Master Kell's home."

"My slave needs the facilities."

The housekeeper nodded, her expression unchanging, then gestured toward the stairs. "You'll find several to choose from on the third floor."

He leaned close. "Which one would be most private?"

"Ah, yes, of course. You'll want to go left, then right. Master Kell has made this suite available to certain associates. Very private."

"Thank you."

Wishing this nightmare would be over, once more he gestured for Angelica to precede him. As she started up the stairs he was grateful to be following her because he could block at least some of the attention her nakedness drew. He hated that she was on display and the entire trip up the stairs brought dozens of pairs of eyes turning in her direction.

Thank you, Reyes, for sticking close. I don't feel quite so exposed.

You're more than welcome.

This has to be hard on you and probably way too familiar.

You're exactly right. More than at any other point, I'm reminded of what it was to be a sex slave.

When he arrived at the designated room he turned and locked the door. He wanted to apologize again to Angelica, but she flung her arms around him and thanked him. "I'm sorry, but I so needed to be away from all that, at least for a little while."

He wrapped his arms around her but slipped back into telepathy. This place is probably videoed, so we'll need to keep up appearances.

Her arms fell away, and the relief she'd felt was clearly short-lived. She dipped her chin. Well, at least we're away from all the visuals. Just tell me what to do.

I should warn you, I'll have to really play up my role.

It's okay.

Aloud, he spoke in a commanding voice. "Facedown on the bed. Now."

The decor was sparse, a round bed covered in a violet throw. Angelica stretched out.

Just try to relax.

She released a deep sigh, then put a hand over her face, shading her eyes. I'll try. And despite that we might be filmed, this is still easier than having to watch what was going on outside.

He sat down next to her and caressed her bottom. Is this okay?

You mean besides the fact that it feels really good?

Yes, besides that.

It's fine. Whatever you need to do is fine. I trust you.

Reyes couldn't really imagine what this was like for Angelica, the horror of it, seeing all this perversion all at once. For the sake of those who were most likely watching he dropped to his knees on the floor behind her, spread her legs, and leaned over her.

"You're to stay in this position, slave, and do as you're told."

"Yes, master."

As he held her waist and kissed her bottom the chains at his neck vibrated, telling him that she liked what he was doing. His ever-present desire for her began to flow, hardening him, making him want to bury himself deep between her beautiful thighs.

Reyes, she whispered through his mind.

I can make you come like this, if you want me to.

It would be wrong on so many levels. Her h*ps flexed. But I'd love it.

You're beautiful, Angelica. And these black stockings topped with faux leopard are turning me on.

Your lips are like heaven.

Despite the horror of the festival, he wanted this for Angelica; he wanted her to know pleasure. This much he could do for her.

He slid one hand beneath her to cover her mound and began kneading her, pushing against her, teasing her clitoris. She moaned.

Wanting better access, he drew back and pulled her to the edge of the bed. He took his time taking her thong off, stroking her legs, then kissing her bottom in turns.

Reyes, my God, Reyes.

When her thong sat on the floor beside him he spread her legs wide and moved between. He ignored his own desire and made this all about her.

Using his tongue, he went to work while at the same time returning his hand to her mound and to the top of her clitoris.

But having his tongue deep inside her well and feeling her tight pulses brought his own need to a sharp, painful pinnacle.

He continued to drive his tongue into her and to massage her clitoris at the same time. She was gasping now, her face into the comforter.

Aloud, he spoke in a harsh voice. "You'll come for me, slave; come now."

Spank me, if you want.

I'm so tempted.

Do it, Reyes. It will help with the cover and, truthfully, I'd like it.

He lifted his hand and gave her a sharp crack on her bottom.

She cried out as if in pain. Reyes, oh, my God. Do it again.

Only if you protest.

"That hurts, master."

"It's meant to, slave." He slapped her again, then went back to work using his tongue.

I'm so close.

Whenever you're ready, Angelica.

She panted, and because of the chains he could feel that she was on the brink. Using his vampire abilities, he flicked in and out of her faster than a human could go. She moaned heavily; then suddenly she was screaming her orgasm. He kept working her until she settled back against the bed.

Reyes, that was wonderful. Thank you.

Even within his mind she sounded loose and well-used.

I'm going to issue some commands to help support what I'm doing, okay? Forgive me for the way this will sound.

No worries.

"All right, slave, you're to stay in that position, your legs spread wide. Do you understand?"

"Yes, master."

He rose from his knees painfully aroused.

He drew a chair from beside the wall and moved to position it so that he appeared to be looking at her.

When he sat down he placed his feet on the insides of hers. I'm going to force you wider, but let me know if it hurts.

I'm good.

Slowly, he pushed her legs farther and farther apart. For a slave this would be a point of humiliation, but for him keeping Angelica in this position showed dominance.

How's that?

Fine. Really, I'm fine.

We're just going to stay like this for a while. I may touch you now and then, just for show. All I want you to do is to take a breath, to relax, before we continue on. With this much drinking going on, I think things will get worse before we'll be able to leave.

You mean more like one orgy after another.

I'm afraid so. Again he repressed the need to apologize. If he didn't hold back he'd be apologizing every other minute for what she'd have to endure.

Every once in a while he'd lean forward and caress her bottom or stroke her inner thighs, just for show. But he could tell by the chains that Angelica was finally relaxed.

Doing better?

Much. That was lovely, Reyes. Unexpected. I think I needed that.

I know what you mean. Of course the view of her, of where he wanted to be, wasn't helping his own situation, but he'd been well-trained and toughed it out.

Do I have permission to turn over now?

Sure, but it will mean that in a few minutes we're going to leave this room.

He released her legs, and drawing them together, she rolled onto her side and met his gaze. Can I do something for you? she sent.

He squeezed his eyes shut. When he opened them he shook his head. Not right now. I won't lie and say I don't want you, because I've been in pain since we put these chains on. And I really appreciate the offer. But I have too much rage right now. Can't explain it.

And you don't have to. I get it. Her eyes welled with tears. Fitch is going to hurt that woman, isn't he?

Yes. Badly. He's an abuser, as most of these ass**les are. They've given it a polite "Starlin" gloss, and built a lifestyle around it, pretending it's something that it's not. Some of them even believe that when slaves scream in pain it's merely because they're so emotionally connected to the ones who torture them, that everything is an act of love.

She rolled slightly to lean her head against the comforter. There ought to be a stronger word than perversion to describe these people. After releasing a deep sigh she added, I think I'm ready to leave now.

Good, and the sooner we get through this the sooner I can take you home. He rose up. "On your feet, slave."

She put her thong back on, then her shoes. Where are we headed to next?

Engles's place.

She sighed. Oh, goodie.

Once more Reyes had to repress his amusement, but he loved that she'd lightened the mood yet again.

Chapter Three

Angelica made the trek to what would be Engles's mansion in the platform stilettos and continued to focus Reyes's healing energy onto her achy toes and now tight arches. At least the stone path was smooth.

Because drunkenness was becoming an increasing problem, Reyes finally gave up trying to sustain a submissive distance and held her close to his side and well away from the foot traffic.

She still couldn't believe that just a little while ago Reyes had worked her body and brought her to such a perfect, thrilling orgasm. She didn't even know why she'd allowed it, except that his touch felt so good and maybe in large part because the whole time his own sexual need and desire had vibrated the chain around her neck in strong pulses. She'd been able to sense how aroused he was, and that's what had taken her the distance and made what should have been an impossible thing very possible.

And his tongue. She'd never experienced anything like that before. Wicked.

Where have your thoughts gone?

Nowhere.

That's not what I'm getting.

She didn't know why she tried to pretend. The chains wouldn't allow her to conceal that merely thinking about what he'd done had worked her up all over again. She'd desired him from the beginning and she'd known that the blood-chains would enhance what was there, but she hadn't expected to be catapulted into an almost chronic state of arousal.

Angelica?

I don't know what to say. But I can't stop thinking about what you just did to me. It was amazing.

I pleased you.

Oh, my God, to say the least.

I want to do it again.

She held the words back, the ones she really wanted to speak, what she'd always wanted from him, as in I want all of you right now, your weight on me, your c**k inside me.

Instead, she overlaid his right arm, the one that held her tight to his side as they walked, and squeezed.

He guided her past three mansions, and after a turn in the path as the river shifted to a southeasterly direction Engles's home came into view.

She stared up at an incredible mansion built several stories high of white stone, reaching almost to the top of the cavern. The pyramid effect had vines trailing off several balconies and trees growing everywhere.

Reyes, how does anything grow in these underground caverns without sunlight?

It's simple, really. We make use of modern technology and massive grow lights that run on timers. A community like this would have specified daily periods in which the entire cavern is ablaze with manufactured light. We have a lot of engineers in our culture.

It's truly amazing.

She began to believe that from what she'd seen this civilization could do just about anything.

Another boat moved by, but Angelica didn't bother looking. She knew what to expect, and no matter how beautiful the lights or the artistic design of the set, the exhibition of flesh and sex would once again disgust her.

She walked beside Reyes in silence, working to sustain her submissive appearance. At the same time, a strange emotion vibrated through the blood-chain.

Something was bothering Reyes.

###

A chill chased down Reyes's spine as he stared up at Engles's massive riverside home. Though Reyes had never been to this part of the world before, he couldn't shake a bizarre feeling of familiarity, though he had no basis for it.

He thought the mansion a monstrosity, though he admired how the building actually molded itself to the shape of the cavern wall. The dwelling was the size of a small hotel, and he knew from gossip over the years that it boasted fifteen bedrooms, some of them equipped with smaller versions of his game room.

Engles stood alone on a secondary platform, away from the river's edge by thirty feet and guarded by a security detail. He held a tumbler in his hand, probably his favorite Dubonnet. A pair of female slaves, wearing nothing but chain chokers, stood nearby, heads bowed, bodies bruised. Engles represented the worst of his kind, depraved and self-involved, as though nothing else in the world should ever happen except what pleased him.

Engles had an odd, owl-like look with large dark eyes and a hawkish nose. He combed his thick mass of wavy dark-brown hair away from his face, had a deep indentation in his chin, and possessed a level of charisma that made him appear better-looking than he really was. His head swiveled in Reyes's direction, Engles smiled and waved his hand in acknowledgment but swiftly reverted his attention to the party below.

His gaze scanned the crowd on the deck that ran at least forty yards along the riverfront. Engles seemed methodical in his search, as though cataloging who had attended his event and maybe deciding to award favors based on that attendance. He wore a sharkskin coat and black slacks, an open-collared black shirt.

Reyes tightened his grip on Angelica. Do you see Engles?

Yes. He's like a hawk, isn't he, looking for prey?

Reyes nodded. And we just need to avoid his talons.

Repressing a sigh, Reyes held the leash at shoulder level, another dominant position, as he guided Angelica toward the steps that led to the curved stone platform. He moved in Engles's direction, intending to fulfill his obligation, when from the opposite side Engles's security detail called to Engles, handing him a phone.

Engles's face turned scarlet with rage as he shouted into the cell.

Reyes shifted direction, guiding Angelica toward the mansion. I think we'll leave him alone for now.

Good idea. Besides, I was not looking forward to being anywhere near that man. There's something not right about him. Personification of evil, maybe.

I think that's exactly right.

But as Reyes led her up the walk to the house another chill traveled down his back.

What is it? Angelica asked. Because I'm getting this strange vibe from you.

Reyes felt confused. I honestly don't know, but I keep getting this feeling that I've been here before. Yet, I know I haven't.

Do you think someone has messed with your memories? I mean, is that even possible in your world?

Possible, yes. His thoughts went immediately to Sweet Dove. The woman was an Ancestral, part of the reason she'd been able to gain such complete control over him, to hold him all those years. Some of his chains had been preternaturally enhanced with her power, a kind of binding that took decades to sever despite how physically strong he'd grown over the years.

But the question was, would Sweet Dove have taken his memories of being in this house before? If so, why?

I find it awkward speaking to you but not looking at you, Angelica sent.

I know what you mean.

And I feel dizzy suddenly.

He glanced at her. Though there were hardly any people near the house, he still held her tight, but he could feel her trembling. What's wrong?

I don't know. I don't like this, Reyes. Something isn't right.

I'm getting that feeling as well.

What do we do? She looked worried, a tight frown between her brows.

We go forward. I want to know what's happening here as well, but I'll have to release you. It won't look right to be supporting you this way.

I know. She removed her hand and he slid his arm from around her waist. Holding the leash, he gathered up the slack a little more.

When he crossed the threshold Angelica gasped, as she should have. Even he was stunned by the sight of split curved staircases that met at an upper landing. A massive crystal chandelier hung from a forty-foot-high ceiling.

Dozens of guests milled throughout the foyer and off to both sides. Elegant food stations ranged throughout, but he didn't see an open bar. Reyes thought he understood, that Engles might enjoy a good party, but the drunken revels could take place dockside rather than in his dwelling.

Engles liked control on every level.

Reyes accepted more congratulations on his winning bid, just as Angelica received the once-over again and again. He didn't like it and bristled more than once at a suggestive comment.

Ignore them, she sent.

Reyes shook his head. Is it that obvious?

The chains speak your irritation every single time.

He glanced around. Are you hungry?

A little.

I'll have you pile up a plate and hopefully find someplace private. Unfortunately, for show I'll have to control what and how much you eat.

Don't worry about that. Let's do whatever we need to do.

He passed by a seafood buffet and wended his way to a less populated room that opened on to a side garden. Another buffet sat in the middle with a spicy aroma.

Italian. How does that sound?

Perfect.

He ordered her to load a plate, then directed her into the garden. He wanted to have her stretch out on the chaise longue and kick off her shoes, but there were security cameras everywhere. He chose instead a chair and ottoman, so that she could take the subservient position in front of him.

I'm pretty sure we'll be on video again, so follow my lead.

She lowered her head, nodding, holding the plate with both hands.

You're doing great. Just try to keep the fire from your eyes.

Her lips threatened to curve. The fire?

Yes, you have fire in your eyes, one of the things I value about you.

So, you value me.

You know I do. He wanted to tell her more, but several people had entered the garden and he risked his cover by appearing to hesitate. We should get this show started.

Ready when you are.

He gestured to the ottoman. "Sit down, slave."

When she'd taken her seat he continued, "You're to feed me." Can you make your hands tremble?

Sure.

She did an excellent job, preparing bites of food for him, her fingers shaking, her head down. He ate two forkfuls before he said, "You may have a bite, a small one."

She obeyed him.

By now they had an audience, one that continued to grow. In Starlin terms, they were both famous. He sat back watching her, forcing a hard expression to his features, just short of a glare. To her mind he sent, You're doing great.

This whole thing is freaking me out, Reyes. Why have at least twenty people come to watch this?

They're hoping it will devolve into either violence or sex.

Is that what we need to do? He could feel her mounting tension through the vibration of the chains.

Doesn't matter. Not gonna happen.

"You may prepare another small bite for yourself."

Using the side of her fork, she sliced a piece of corkscrew pasta in half, speared a pea-sized worth of prosciutto, and slipped it between her teeth.

You're beautiful. Have I told you that, Angelica? And now you're blushing. Aloud, he said, "I'll have a bite of the bread."

"Yes, master." She lifted the toasted sourdough.

Look at me, Angelica. She lifted her gaze to his, and the moment she did he opened his mouth and she slid the piece inside.

Reyes. She whispered his name through his mind and suddenly all he could think about was having her under him. He'd wanted her from the beginning, but in this situation, with her feeding him bits of pasta and bread and looking voluptuous in her black-and-turquoise leopard bustier, he was aroused all over again. In an effort to calm down he shifted his gaze to the row of nearby large planters that held thirty-foot cypresses.

You okay? Her voice and her concern did little to help his problem.

Not exactly, but I think it's time you stopped feeding me.

She settled the plate on her lap and folded her hands. I don't suppose you could find us a dark corner somewhere?

What are you proposing?

Her gaze flicked suddenly to his, then fell obsequiously to her lap. You know what I'd like? I mean, really like?

He could hardly breathe and he didn't dare try to stand up. What's that?

Reyes, I know this is going to sound strange, but I'd love a first kiss. We haven't had that, you know. We've had other things, but I'd like a real first kiss.

Are you forgetting that you kissed me at the Ocean Club?

Her chest rose and fell in a deep breath. That's not the kind of kiss I'm talking about. That was just me showing you how much I wanted you.

Reyes loved the idea of giving Angelica a first kiss. I can find us someplace private. He rose to his feet, took the plate, and set it on a nearby table. Gathering up her leash once more and without saying either a word to her or to the now-disappointed crowd, he led her back into the house.

###

Angelica felt Reyes's determination vibrate through her chain. He didn't dawdle, either, but moved as swiftly as her stupid shoes would let them. He even levitated her up to the second, then the third floor of the sprawling mansion.

A lot of the bedrooms were in use, but he didn't bother finding an empty one. They would all have cameras; that much Angelica understood extremely well about this perverse culture.

At last, he drew her out onto one of the balconies that proved empty of guests but had a lush garden. Guiding her away from the French doors, he pulled her off to the side so they couldn't be seen.

"Get rid of your shoes." He kept his voice low.

"Oh, can I really?"

"Hell, even I'm in pain watching you walk in them."

"I've been siphoning your power," she said, also whispering, "but it still isn't enough."

He supported her while she stepped out of the monstrosities. She flexed her feet and moaned. "Thank you for that. Although I'd be hurting worse if I hadn't been using your power to heal my feet along the way."

"I don't know how you women bear them."

"Not easily, but they're pretty."

"And these are unusually absurd."

He drew her into the shadows off to the side. "So you wanted a first kiss."

"Does that seem silly to you?"

"No, actually, it doesn't. This has all been ass-backwards and I'd apologize again, but it doesn't change what's happened."

He slid his arm around her waist and pulled her against him, which sent a spattering of goose bumps traveling down her back. She settled her hands on his arms, aware yet again that he was heavily muscled and more man than she'd ever kissed before.

The lighting in the patio was very soft, but she siphoned a little more of his power and warmed up her vision so that she saw him perfectly. "Reyes," she murmured.

He tilted his head slightly and moved in. He met her parted lips with a soft pressure of his own that went straight to her knees.

She slid her arm around his neck, and when he deepened the kiss she moaned all over again. His tongue dove within, causing her body to strain against him, needing more.

Angelica. His voice in her head felt like the softest vibration.

He gripped her waist tighter, then slowly ground his h*ps into her. She could feel the hard length of him and gasped as his tongue began to plunge in and out.

For a first kiss this one rocked. She couldn't get enough of the warm feel of his lips, his tongue searching the recesses of her mouth, then driving once more, of his arms flexing and releasing.

She let her thoughts flow. I wanted to take you home that night at the Ocean Club.

When he drew back he leaned his forehead against hers. "If things had been different, I would have gone with you, maybe even stayed all night." He caressed her arms. "I've wanted you badly, but this situation ..."

"I know. So, how about we pay our respects to our elegant host, then get the hell out of here, if it's okay to skip those other parties."

He smiled. "We've made our appearance, so we'll be fine. You can leave the shoes, though. I'll carry you if have to."

"Can't you just fly me out of here?"

He shook his head. "There's a basic rule when there's this much drinking. Everyone walks."

"You mean you broke the rules flying me up the stairs?"

"I took a chance."

Angelica glanced behind her and saw that the room beyond was empty; "Let's go then, because if I see one more na**d woman on her knees in front of another self-satisfied slaver I may go ballistic."

He smiled. "Then we'd better get you home."

He led her on her leash into the hall, then down the stairs. More than one partygoer glanced at Angelica's bare feet and seemed to approve. She hadn't realized that her barefootedness might be received as a way to control her. How ironic that instead Reyes had saved her some pain. His fellow Starlin members would be extremely disappointed if they knew the truth, bastards that they were.

He'd just reached the open front doors when Engles's voice reached across at least forty feet of foyer. "Reyes, where have you been keeping your prize? Ah, you've stripped her of her shoes. I approve. Now if only she lost the costume."

She felt Reyes bristle as he turned in Engles's direction.

Engles, with a drink in one hand, caught Reyes's arm with the other, lifting it high. "Our highest bidder for one of our finest trophies in a long time." A burst of applause followed.

Angelica felt sick.

"I believe I now regret not exceeding your bid."

"You'll have a chance at her six-month mark."

"Ah, yes." He smiled, then glanced around at his guests. "You'll notice how well-preserved our beauty is despite that she was in the hands of a man like Reyes all last night. But he's assured me that he has plans to recoup his investment at her six-month transition. I suggest you all start saving your money for the chance to bid on her once she completes the process." He then turned to Angelica and took her chin in his hand, forcing her to meet his gaze. "For I have no doubt that you'll survive and when you do you'll become the perfect slave-companion. Again, I envy Reyes."

Angelica knew that those slaves who survived the six-month mark underwent a terrible sexual transition that caused them to fully embrace the slaver lifestyle.

As she stared into Engles's evil dark eyes her spirit rose up within her, demanding that she speak. Though he still had hold of her chin, she squared her shoulders. "But if all the rumors about you are true, I wouldn't have lived to see my six-month transition had I been in your hands."

Reyes's voice was suddenly in her mind. Angelica, back down, now.

Engles's nostrils flared and his dark eyes flashed. "You dare to speak to me in that manner, slave?" He released her chin but lifted his hand high, his lips pulled back, fangs showing.

She cringed, turning away from him, knowing she'd get hit.

When nothing happened she righted herself, appalled to find that Reyes held Engles's arm trapped in his powerful grip.

The two men glared at each other.

Angelica, Reyes called to her sharply, mind-to-mind. Drop to the ground and prostrate yourself at my feet. Hold on to my ankles and put on the best begging-for-mercy show you can think of.

She fell down instantly and began sobbing. "I'm so sorry, master. I forgot myself. Please forgive me. Forgive me."

"Silence, slave," Reyes bit out.

Angelica didn't dare look.

"You must discipline her!" Engles shouted. "Here and now."

"She will be disciplined. Beyond that, you have no rights other than my apology for my slave's thoughtless behavior."

"She shows no respect. You have not brought her into proper submission, which means that your current method doesn't seem to be working. All slaves are worthless and need to be taught well from the second you take possession. It's clear to me, you still have a lot to learn."

###

Reyes stared into Engles's hard, dark eyes. He held the man's arm high overhead, his fingers gripping Engles's wrist. But Reyes felt no give whatsoever.

"Relent," Reyes said quietly. "I will discipline my slave, and she clearly realizes now that she erred. Remember how much fight this one has. And again, I'm taking my time to season the meat. That is my way. And so far, she's proved savory. I'll have her in my game room next, for a few hours, teaching the lesson, as you suggest, that she so badly needs."

Finally, Engles started to relax, pulling his arm away. "And we do have our rules." He tugged on the cuffs of his silk shirt. "And I have no rights over your slave. But I would like to own her one day. I'd like her to learn a new set of lessons at my hands. In fact, I look forward to it."

Reyes dropped his arm to his sides and felt a little flattery might help. "I looked at several organizations before setting my sights on Starlin. What I always valued, that isn't true across the board, is that the owner has all the rights and members of the organization are not allowed to infringe on an owner's property, not where his slave is concerned, at least not without permission."

"You know our laws well."

"I do."

Engles once more glanced down at Angelica. His tongue made an appearance between newly emerged fangs. The bastard lusted after her, which sent off a warning bell in Reyes's head. Engles would do what he could to gain control of Angelica. More than at any other moment, Reyes understood Engles's mind and his purpose. The man was biding his time.

Engles gestured with an elegantly swept arm, encompassing the audience of at least a hundred of his guests. "We have resolved our differences. Please, enjoy the party."

Like magic, the crowd turned back to its various conversations.

Reyes glanced down and spoke to Angelica in a forced voice of command. "You may stand now, slave, well behind me."

She rose to her feet, her head bowed heavily. Her arms crossed over her stomach. He felt her remorse. More than anything, he needed to get her out of Engles's home.

He was about to thank Engles for his party when he said, "A word, Reyes, if you will, for I want you to know that despite your slave's unfortunate conduct, I have some good news for you. If you'll come with me."

Reyes wanted to protest, but Engles had already turned and now headed down the central hall that took him beneath the split staircase.

Angelica's voice broke into Reyes's thoughts. Do we have to go with him? I despise the man.

We don't have a choice. He's the gateway to what I need for Starlin's destruction.

Angelica sighed. I know. My question was more rhetorical.

Believe me, if there was any other way ...

Engles led them deep into what appeared to be the private part of his home, unavailable to his guests except by invitation. The hallway was part of a much older section bored out of solid rock. Again that odd shiver chased down Reyes's back. Why did Engles's home seem so damn familiar?

Reyes, you're feeling it again, aren't you? That you've been here before?

The chains didn't lie. Yes.

Are you sure you haven't? She sounded worried.

I don't think so.

Engles led them to an alcove and through a doorway into a smaller room full of books and two maroon leather chairs. "Please sit down."

With leash in hand Reyes took a seat, gesturing for Angelica to stand behind his chair.

Engles poured out a drink. "I hear you like a good Bowmore."

Apparently, Engles had done his homework as well.

"I do."

Engles poured from a crystal carafe, then handed Reyes a heavy cut-glass tumbler. He held the scotch beneath his nose but never took his eyes off Engles as he sipped. "Excellent, but I must say I'm honored that you actually have the brand I prefer."

Engles planted his hand on his chest. "You do not have me to thank but rather Scorpion. He had you vetted and learned your proclivities and your background. I understand that you were a slave yourself once, but that you managed to elude your captor. I was stunned but, more than that, could not imagine how you escaped. So how did you?"

Reyes fell to a place of vampire stillness so that his mind could work on these swiftly rendered bits of his life. No one knew of his slavery, so how did Engles?

"I see I've stunned you." Engles smiled and poured his own drink. He sat down slowly in the chair opposite. Behind Engles's chair a slow trickle of water ran down the natural cave wall. Reyes watched the water, his mind turning in deep circles.

Reyes, what's going on? It's as though you've disappeared.

I need a moment. He needed several. What was Engles's game?

But how did he know about your past?

I don't know. He glanced around the room and felt uneasy once more.

And this place seems familiar to you, doesn't it? I can feel it through the chains.

Yes. Like a dream I can't quite remember.

###

Angelica touched the chain at her neck, focusing on Reyes and Engles at the same time, as well as this small, strange room. Suddenly it was as though the edges of the space began to spin and she felt herself drifting backward in time.

Another revisiting vision, a trip into the past.

After a few seconds the full vision arrived and she saw Reyes in this exact same space, because she recognized the narrow waterfall along the natural flow of rock.

There were no chairs, however. Instead, a hard wood platform took up the same space as Engles's current chair. Reyes lay on the table, on his back. His face was bruised, his arms bound overhead. A familiar woman with a mass of curly red hair straddled him, riding him hard.

He cried out as if in pain.

Sweet Dove.

She lifted her hand, cloaked with the cat's claw, and dragged it down his chest, cutting deep. Blood flowed from Reyes's wounds. He screamed in agony.

Angelica felt faint. She wanted the vision to end, but she couldn't turn away. This was Reyes, and she needed to know something about this moment in time. She needed to understand.

She worked hard within the vision to take herself backward, to see more of the room. Someone else was present, but who?

Then she heard him: "Yes, Sweet Dove, make him come like that. It will be better for you both. He's taken enough for now. Focus on his cock. Slow down just a little. Let him feel himself low. The pain from the cuts will dim just enough and he'll start connecting pain with pleasure."

Angelica knew that voice. It belonged to the man opposite Reyes in the present.

Sweet Dove cried out. "He's hard, Master Engles. So hard. I want to come."

"Not yet. Lean down and take the blood from his chest. This is part of the process, the reward."

Still straddling him, she leaned forward and lapped Reyes's blood. Tears streamed from Reyes's eyes, which were now closed. He moaned as her h*ps kept working him low.

"You'll see. He'll grow to enjoy all of it, including the pain."

"And you'll slice his memories after?"

"Yes, as we agreed, so that he'll never think of me as his master. You were always a favorite of mine, Sweet Dove. And now you're becoming the master. How does it feel?"

Sweet Dove turned to him and smiled. "A bit like heaven."

Engles laughed.

Angelica had seen and heard enough. She released the chain at her neck and the vision faded.

Reyes, however, stood next to her now, his hand gripping her arm. "What's going on?"

She met his gaze, blinking hard, as though trying to remove from her eyes the sights she'd just seen. Aloud she said, "I think I blacked out. I don't know." But to his mind she added, Reyes, I had a vision, but I can't talk about it right now. It involves Engles.

"On your knees, and no more of this crying out."

Did I cry out?

Yes. Just drop to your knees before Engles becomes suspicious.

She fell quickly, bending over to plant her hands beside her knees. She felt so dizzy and sick at heart that tears once more welled, then plopped on the faux-leopard trim of her black stockings. She'd seen the beginning of Reyes's torture, and her heart hurt because of it.

Engles had trained Sweet Dove how to become a sadist.

Reyes's voice filled the room. "And be silent, slave."

"Yes, master," she whispered.

"Very good, Reyes." Engles's approving voice made Angelica cringe. "She's probably just in shock. Now, on to more important things."

His dismissive tone gave Angelica some relief. As long as Engles thought her worthless, he wouldn't assign too much weight to anything she did.

He cleared his throat. "Now that you've brought your slave under control, I wanted to let you know that Scorpion asked me to speak with you tonight. I see that you're surprised, but I'm happy to tell you that he has singled you out, hopefully for a quick promotion to the Board of Governors."

"I beg your pardon?" Reyes was clearly stunned.

"I think you heard me."

The leather chair creaked as Reyes shifted his weight. "I don't understand, Engles. I've been a member for two days now. What have I done to deserve that kind of elevation? I wouldn't say I've proved myself yet."

"I understand why you're skeptical, and in my view you should be. I don't agree with the concept generally. You're relatively new to the lifestyle and you have some growing to do. Our leader, however, believes differently and thinks you possess tremendous potential. And perhaps this will be an excellent means of proving yourself, since Scorpion has a requirement, something very simple and basic that I'm sure you won't have the smallest problem fulfilling."

Angelica's chain vibrated against her neck. Clearly, Reyes didn't like where this was headed.

"And that would be?"

"A bit of fun, actually. Scorpion commands a private show, just you and your slave, engaged in bondage play. The choice of dominance would be yours, chains, ropes, silk scarves, whatever you prefer. I will be there, of course, with my own slaves. Scorpion usually doesn't allow me to attend, but he's made an exception in this case. He knows how much I value your slave's attributes, and if you haven't figured it out by now, Scorpion and I are close business associates."

Angelica's mind blitzed out once more.

What had she been thinking when she'd agreed to stay? She had thought maybe she'd have to perform fellatio again. But something like this, having others view a full-on sex act while she was tied up, had been beyond the scope of her imagination.

Angelica?

For a moment she didn't realize Reyes had just contacted her telepathically. Coming out of shock, she responded, I don't know what to say.

A simple no will end this now.

But you think you should accept?

I want access to Scorpion, to meet him, to understand my enemy. This is so much more than I'd hoped to achieve. If I could get on the board, I'd be able to gather the information I need to destroy this organization.

Angelica didn't know what to say. She understood how much this could mean to Reyes, but she was having a hard time getting beyond the idea of performing in what would essentially be a sex show.

His voice was once more in her mind, but softer this time. Never mind. I'm asking the impossible of you.

She heard him draw a deep breath, preparing to refuse, but she was suddenly moving toward him on her knees. She bent over his lap, her hands on his arms. "Please, master, you must allow me to do this for Master Engles. I was rude before. I want to make it up to him and to you." She knew that right now Engles had a clear view of her ass, with only a narrow thong covering her.

Angelica, I can't do this. I wasn't thinking of you.

With her head buried against his slacks she said, But I agreed to be with you and we both know that if you refuse you won't get close to the leadership for months, maybe years, maybe never. Engles is not a man to be refused. Even I know that. Please say yes. We can argue later if you want.

"Engles, I owe my membership to you, something I've sought for decades. The least I could do is oblige you and Scorpion in this."

Angelica leaned back on her heels. She watched Reyes lift his glass to Engles.

"Good man," Engles said. "I'll e-mail you the details. And now, I must get back to my party. Do you have other events to attend?"

"A few."

"Enjoy." He rose from his chair and held his hand toward the doorway.

Angelica trembled as Reyes tugged on her leash, and she gained her feet as well.

A sex show. Oh, God.

###

Reyes led Angelica out, but because Engles followed he kept her in front of him. He really didn't need to be battling Engles right now, but Reyes still wouldn't let the bastard touch her.

Reyes moved in a state of shock. So much had been said in that room that he didn't know which disaster to examine first, or the truly startling reality that a command performance could lead him to a seat on the board.

Once in the foyer, Engles parted from them with an easy wave of his hand. Reyes guided Angelica outside and commanded her to move down the slope of Engles's property to the riverside walk below.

Reyes realized she was distressed. Are you absolutely sure you want to go through with this? He could always cancel. I can feel that you're trembling.

She kept her head lowered. I'm just overwhelmed, but I'll do better soon. As for the sex show, we have to do it because from everything you've told me, getting on the board is critical.

Good. Then we'll consider it settled. But what happened in there? Did you have another vision?

Yes, but I don't want to talk about it right now. How about when we return home?

Of course.

By now they'd reached the stone path by Engles's dock. Reyes was about to tell her they could leave anytime she wanted, but she suddenly murmured, "No, oh no." Then covered her mouth with her hand.

At first he didn't understand what had happened. He looked at the raucous party and watched slavers and their captives moving back and forth. He glanced at Angelica and saw that her eyes had filled with tears. He tracked her gaze to the deck on the left.

The young Russian human stood beside her captor, very pale, too pale. Bruises covered most of her body, as well as partially healed cuts. Her eyes were dull as she stared at nothing in particular. The circles around her eyes were deep.

And just like that, Reyes had had enough.

He didn't care who saw him. He swept Angelica up in his arms and shifted abruptly to altered flight. He took his time, not wanting her to be sick again, but he flew her the hell out of the cavern, rules or no rules.

Angelica's voice filled his mind as she clung to him. She's going to die soon.

Yes.

And there's nothing we can do.

Not a damn thing.

When he arrived back in his sitting room he sat down in his chair, pulling Angelica into his arms. She'd started to weep, and he didn't try to stop her. His own eyes filled with tears as well.

Suddenly he was overcome. Tears tracked his cheeks for the young Russian woman, for all the slaves, for his father, who'd given his life trying to protest the growing industry, for himself and the century he'd spent locked up, used, and tortured, and finally for Angelica, that her innocence continued to take such a horrendous battering.

After a time, she grew quiet and the tears on his cheeks dried. He ordered a meal, and though she'd lost her appetite, he made her eat what she could. He encouraged her to drink some water, then forced a few bites down his own throat.

Sharing the blood-chains with Angelica had forced him to look at the horror of the situation with fresh eyes.

After the meal he took her into the bathroom and ran her a bath, adding the bubbles she'd enjoyed once before. Maybe she could take some comfort in it now.

He had his housekeeper bring Angelica a glass of red wine. Once she was settled in the bath she took the wine and began to sip. He could feel her starting to let go.

With his laptop close at hand, he checked his e-mails. He wasn't surprised to find that Scorpion wanted the private performance the next night, at midnight, at Engles's home, the same place the after-auction party had been held.

Reyes had intended to respond right away. Instead, his mind got caught in the earlier loop of remembering the destruction of his family and the terror of living with a sadist like Sweet Dove and of the impending death of the Russian slave.

He needed to let all this go, but the muscles of his arms and back kept seizing. Maybe firing up his five showerheads would help. Because the tub was close enough to allow for their constant proximity issue, he headed into the walk-in enclosure.

The chain at his neck had grown very quiet, another indication that Angelica was doing better.

As he let the hot water beat down on his neck what ended up bothering him the most was that he'd been aching to make love to Angelica for months now, but it looked like the first time would have to be in front of an audience.

Chapter Four

Angelica was grateful for the wine, the food, the warm bath, and even the separation as Reyes took his shower. All of it had soothed and eased her.

But she was pretty sure that seeing the Russian in a completely emaciated, battered state would live with her the rest of her life.

Now that Angelica had some distance from the entire earlier experience, her resolve returned more firmly than ever.

The revisiting vision had explained why Reyes had a sense he'd been to Engles's home before and had also drawn a tighter line between Sweet Dove and Engles. The two had been connected for a long time, and as Engles's protege Sweet Dove had learned her craft by enslaving and torturing Reyes.

Hatred lived in Angelica's heart now, aimed at both Engles and Sweet Dove for what they'd done to the man who had saved her from Engles's brutality by buying her at auction.

She needed to tell Reyes what she'd seen in this latest vision, but she wasn't certain how. For the past several minutes the chain at her neck had been vibrating heavily and she could feel that Reyes was locked in a level of rage and despair that he couldn't release. The last thing she wanted to do was tell him that Engles had been present at Reyes's initiation into the world of sex slavery.

Having finished her glass of wine, she rose from the tub, crossed to the shower, and moved inside.

Reyes faced away from her, his hands planted on the far carved-stone wall, the water steaming hot and pummeling his shoulders across the tattoo of the hawk. The chain at her neck still spoke of Reyes's anguish.

She went to him, grateful all over again for the worthy man he'd become despite the horror of his captivity. He was attempting the impossible and had been doing it alone for decades, to destroy something that had brought him a century of pain and that murdered humans every day. Her people.

Tears burned her eyes as she moved in behind him and slid her arms around his chest. He tensed up, because she'd startled him, but then he relaxed and she felt his chest rise and fall in what felt like a terrible tremor.

She hugged him hard. She felt his body shake as he let loose. He shouted, then pounded the stone wall with his fist. He wept like one whose heart had been torn from his chest.

Angelica never let go of him; she just held him, stroked his arms, his back. She said nothing. What good were words at a time like this?

But her presence might help, a physical representation that she stood with him in this moment and that he wasn't alone anymore.

At last, he stopped shouting and when the water grew cold he shut it off.

Slowly, he turned to face her, his cheeks drawn, his eyes haunted. "Are you ready to go back to Newport Beach, because I can't take you one more step down this road. I'm done. It was one thing when it was just me, but I can't do what's being asked."

"What's changed?"

He thumbed her cheek. "What Scorpion requires of us tomorrow night Sweet Dove used to demand on a regular basis. She loved to watch me tie down one of her female slaves and work her over, bring her to orgasm, repeatedly, the more times the better. She often instructed me how to get the job done, or how she wanted it done."

"Did you hurt them, the women I mean?"

He didn't say anything; he just held her gaze. "There, you see what I am? I've bruised women just to stay alive. Still want to be with me, Angelica? Still think I'm worth anything?"

He moved past her, grabbed a towel, and started drying off. She followed him as much by the necessity of being chain-bound to him as by the need to resolve their current situation.

"Will you be expected to hurt me during the show?"

"No. Engles would have been more explicit. Besides, I'm pretty sure by now he knows I would have refused."

"But I'll be tied down."

He shook his head. "Doesn't matter. We're not doing this."

As he wiped down his legs, taking the towel slowly to his feet, she felt his refusal like a brick wall between them. But she wondered if he understood her own current resolve.

He lifted up, wrapping the towel around his waist.

She had things she needed to say. "I didn't know a woman could look like that, her eyes so dead."

"That's the way I feel right now. Dead."

"Anyone would in your situation."

He glanced at her, then turned toward her. She stood completely naked. He reached for a second towel and brought it to her. "What are you saying, Angelica? Because what I'm getting from the chain makes no sense to me."

"We have to do this, Reyes."

He shook his head. "No. We don't. I've changed my mind completely."

She moved closer to him. "I had some time to think while I soaked in the tub, about you and what you've been trying to achieve. And earlier, I felt the level of your relief, when the slave from that club went through the door and crossed your threshold, moving from slavery to freedom, because you know what that feels like." She held his gaze. "I don't, not really, except for what I can experience through you. I don't want to diminish how hard this would be for me, but I do want to move it out of the 'unacceptable' category and into 'shit that must be done in order to achieve the impossible.' "

He shook his head, a frown forming on his brow.

Putting her hands on his shoulders, she said, "What you're doing here, Reyes, no one else would dream of doing, of infiltrating the Starlin Group in order to destroy it. That doesn't even make sense by any kind of logic, except that sometime in the next twenty-four hours a young Russian woman, torn from her life, will be dead, just like hundreds of thousands of others who have perished, maybe even millions. And all I have to do to help you try to stop it is let you tie me down and make love to me in front of the head of Starlin, the man you've been trying to get to for decades. From that perspective, Reyes, it seems like a small sacrifice."

He grimaced. "You don't really know what this would be like."

"Actually, I take issue with that." She drew in a deep breath, wanting her next words to carry weight, a sense of her resolve. "If we did this right, it would be just you and me. I think we could block out our audience and engage in what I've been wanting to do with you from the beginning."

His eyes widened. "You're actually serious."

"On every count."

He turned away from her, forcing her hands to fall away. "Shit. You almost tempt me, but you still don't understand."

"Then make me understand." Again she moved close to him.

He whirled on her. "I don't want Engles to see you like that."

She shrugged. "He's already seen most of me. I did bend over your lap earlier in order to distract him with an eyeful of my ass."

At that Reyes's lips curved, but he quickly closed his eyes and suppressed his sudden amusement. "You're missing the point. I don't want him to see you aroused, to watch you experiencing pleasure. That's for me."

Her heart missed a beat or two. She loved this unexpected admission that he saw her as belonging to him, that he cared about her.

"There's just one thing I want first," she said.

"And what's that?" She felt his sadness like a stone he carried around in his heart. She wanted to smash that stone.

She slid her arms around his waist and held him but kept her gaze pinned to his. "I want you to make love to me first, before we do anything else or make any more decisions about how to move forward. No matter what happens, I want our first time together to be just you and me."

He stared at her as though stunned. "You want to make love with me?"

"More than anything."

He frowned as he slid a hand through her damp hair, easing his fingers through. "You amaze me. I hardly know what to say. I suppose more than anything I'd expected you to be freaking out; instead it was me."

She felt nervous suddenly. She had to tell him about the vision. "There's something else, Reyes."

"What is it? Because my blood-chain is telling me you're really upset when you weren't before, not even about performing a sex show in front of Engles. What the hell is it? What are you holding back?"

She felt Reyes's answering panic as though on some level he must have known. "I want a drink first."

She released him and moved past him to the closet. He followed the moment the chains tugged on her neck. She grabbed a dark-green silk robe and wrapped herself up, then led him to the sitting room.

Grabbing two tumblers from the silver tray, she poured out his Bowmore, two fingers for each of them.

Turning back to him, she handed him a glass, then sipped her own. The whiskey burned and might not have been the best thing to put on top of the wine, but this seemed necessary.

She met and held his gaze but didn't know how to tell him what she knew.

His nostrils flared. "It's the vision, isn't it? The one you had back in Engles's library. You said it involved him."

"It did. Oh, God."

###

Reyes had a premonition that what he was about to hear would change things for him forever. Quietly he asked, "So, what did you see?"

She closed her eyes and drank deeply from her tumbler but came up sputtering. She dabbed at her lips with her fingers, then set the glass on the nearby end table.

Taking a deep breath, she began, "Do you remember how you told me you felt odd about Engles's home, that you knew you'd never been there, but felt like you had, sort of a powerful deja vu?"

He nodded slowly. He didn't like where this was headed.

"Well, if what I saw was real, and I have no reason to doubt it, then I think Engles had taken us both into the older part of that cavern because you'd been in that space before and, by my estimation, many times."

His gaze moved slowly around different objects in his sitting room, the sofa and matching brown leather club chairs, the painting of his Venezuelan home, the carafe that held his Bowmore, a stack of books on the table between the chairs. He never stopped studying, reading, learning. When Sweet Dove hadn't been chaining him up he'd kept filling his mind.

Sweet Dove, always Sweet Dove.

"She was there, wasn't she? My captor."

"Yes."

He held Angelica's gaze. "Tell me everything. Tell me exactly what you saw."

Angelica straightened her shoulders, then recounted the vision, dwelling especially on the unusual waterfall as the definitive marker.

Sweet Dove and Engles. They'd known each other all those years ago. Engles had apparently owned Sweet Dove at one time or had found a woman with his proclivities and had trained her.

Reyes sank down in the closest chair. He felt ill all over again. He still couldn't pull the memory forward, but he believed that what Angelica had seen was real. It explained so much, and it also confirmed that somehow Sweet Dove was involved with Starlin. She'd been there early in the process, having checked Angelica out when she'd first been captured. So there was definitely a connection.

And Engles had taught Sweet Dove her trade on Reyes's body.

There would be a reckoning one day.

Reyes could see that his membership in Starlin and now an offer to meet Scorpion weren't an accident and maybe had even been planned for a long time, but to what end? Was it possible that Engles, as perverted as he was, had a sexual interest in Reyes, in bringing him into his own perverted circle of followers? Engles wouldn't be the first man to proposition Reyes.

What Reyes didn't know was Sweet Dove's role. Was she also a Starlin member? He thought it unlikely, since he'd never heard even a whisper about her in all these decades.

In the end, Reyes thought it likely that Engles and Sweet Dove were playing some game. He just didn't know what it was.

Angelica drew close, then sank to her knees beside him. "I'm so sorry, Reyes. I know this has to be yet another blow. But what I don't understand is why you don't have a memory of what I saw in the vision."

His chest felt tight as he met her gaze. "Sweet Dove is an Ancestral with great power. She could have erased any memory she wanted. Engles could have as well."

Angelica appeared to turn all this over in her mind. Finally, she asked, "Do you think it's possible you might actually know who Scorpion is? That you might have met him before?"

Reyes grimaced. "You mean that I might have f**ked him at one of Sweet Dove's parties?" He needed Angelica to keep focused on the truth of who he was and the sick nature of his past.

She shrugged but didn't seem either surprised or particularly disgusted by the question. "At this point, given the level of cruelty and debauchery of this group of people, I think it's more than likely you did."

He shook his head, narrowing his gaze. "And this doesn't bother you?"

"In what way?"

She was actually serious, and the chain at his neck confirmed it. But he needed to know more. "You're not disgusted by the fact that you essentially saw me being tortured by my captor and that Engles probably got off on watching my pain and my orgasm?"

"I'm not disgusted by you," she stated flatly. "They committed crimes against you, whether you felt pleasure or not. They had power over you, something Sweet Dove had gained because she's an Ancestral who enslaved you when you were young. You were at their mercy and they were merciless, yet you survived.

"What's more, I'm beginning to think that you might have an unsuspected advantage over both of them. I'm now convinced each is so lost in their enjoyment of their lifestyle that neither can imagine for even a second that you haven't truly become a sadistic, self-absorbed slaver. Engles might taunt you by saying he has his doubts, but he's manipulating you, trying to get you to become as vile as he is. Reyes, he doesn't suspect you, not really. And in that way, we can continue to deceive him and therefore Scorpion."

Reyes stared at her hard, searching her eyes for the truth as well as the chains. He concluded that she truly believed what she said. But what astonished him the most was that she saw no real connection between the young man who had been chained in Engles's library and who Reyes was today.

He almost believed in himself because of it.

"Then you want to move forward? You're actually willing to have sex in front of Engles and Scorpion, despite the fact they'll both probably abuse their slaves while we're engaged."

He felt Angelica's resolve as she responded, "What I'm saying is that I believe it doesn't matter. If you're the only one touching me and making love to me I'm not going to give these bastards the satisfaction of thinking I'm distressed because they're watching me. These men are nothing. They're dirt beneath my shoes and will never be anything more. The only thing I care about at this point is crushing this organization once and for all."

The zealous light in her eye, her willingness to continue, as well as her belief in him, moved him.

He set his glass down, drew her to her feet, then took her in his arms. "You're actually willing to go through with this."

"Yes, I am. I want to see Engles punished for these terrible crimes, and if we can find Sweet Dove and destroy her as well, then all the better. Although I would like to see her in particular burned at the stake with a really slow fire. But there's one thing I need from you."

"What's that?"

"Like I said earlier, I want you to make love to me. I want you to pretend that we shared a few drinks at the Ocean Club and that we're on a date and that you've brought me here, back to your place."

His eyes fluttered and his groin heated up.

For a moment he was back in the foyer of the club and he felt as he had then, that she was giving him something that couldn't last, a hope, a desire for his life to be more than it was.

He had made the best of a truly horrible beginning. But he'd been a sex slave, and for the rest of his life his mind would be twisted and his heart scarred in just that way. He couldn't change his past.

But as he stared into her eyes and felt her desire for him, the scent of her sex perfuming the air, he shunted aside what would always be a deep blight on his soul. Instead, he kissed her, slanting his lips over hers.

Her hand traveled up and over his neck, caressing him. She ran her finger along his jaw, through his scruff. She moaned against his lips. I've wanted this for so long, she sent.

I've craved you.

She drew back. "You have?"

He groaned and dragged her against him, kissing her once more. You have no idea.

He slid his tongue between her parted lips, moving in and out as his hands pulled apart her robe. She lowered her arms and the robe slipped from her shoulders.

She tugged on his towel and the next moment nothing stood between them. Her hand found his cock. She drifted her fingers slowly up and down, letting him feel her nails as well.

He whispered, "You wanted me in your apartment."

She smiled. "In my bed. I used to have this fantasy that you'd break down my door."

"I like your fantasy a lot."

"What was yours, Reyes?"

He nuzzled her neck, kissing the lobe of her ear. Her hair was damp as he spoke softly against her cheek. "When I'd be in the shower, all soaped up and stroking what was very hard, I'd imagine my tongue deep inside you." He flicked in and out of her ear several times until she moaned and shivered. "I want to do that to you now, down low, taste you again, savor what's been tempting me for months. You don't know how much I enjoyed making you come while in that riverside mansion. So how does that sound? How about I feast on you?"

###

Angelica drew back and stared into clear blue eyes now dark with passion. She took his hand, turned, then led him toward the bed. Once there, she pulled the comforter back and stretched out, throwing her arms above her head. Slowly, she parted her legs.

Her gaze fell to his cock, now upright. He was big, which caused her h*ps to curl, especially since he thumbed the ridge at the tip. His gaze was fixed between her thighs, so she spread her knees even wider. She wanted him to see all of her, nothing hidden, everything exposed, just as it had been at the underground river.

He drew close, then knelt beside the bed. Sliding his hands beneath her thighs, he pulled her toward him, then kissed just above her landing strip. She glanced down at his thick, short hair and slid her fingers through. She couldn't believe she was here, with Reyes kissing her over and over. She could just make out the tattoo of the hawk on his back. She arched as his tongue made an appearance and dipped between, sliding along her folds, flicking at times, teasing her.

She moaned. "So, this was your fantasy?"

"Yes, only I'd do this for hours, bringing you repeatedly until you were worn down to nothing but soft bones."

She moaned.

She'd wanted him for so long, and now he was here. She strained toward him as he kissed and licked her low. He'd done this earlier while she'd been on her stomach, giving her beautiful relief. But this felt like so much more, especially since this time she could watch.

He looked up at her as his tongue moved over her flesh.

She met his gaze, stroking his hair, then dragging a finger down his cheek to feel his tongue. He licked her finger, then her flesh, moving between the two, then drew her fingers into his mouth and suckled.

Her h*ps rocked in a steady rhythm, longing for more of him. Reyes, come here.

He looked up at her, relinquishing her finger. She motioned for him with both hands to climb up her body. "Let me feel the weight of you."

At that he smiled. But he didn't exactly crawl. Instead, he surprised her by doing his vampire thing and levitating in a prone position. She didn't know what he meant to do until he floated above her. Using his hands, he slid them beneath her waist. In a single motion, he moved her up the bed so that her legs no longer dangled over the edge.

"Very clever."

He then lowered himself slowly. She spread her legs wide so that his knees landed between them as he stretched out on top of her. "How's that?"

"Like heaven. This was another fantasy, feeling you like this, seeing you above me." She smiled. "I was so into you."

"You're blushing."

She nodded, her head sliding against the sheet. "I suppose I am. It's just so strange to be admitting these things to you. And now here you are."

He nodded. "You're beautiful. Have I told you that?"

She looked into his eyes, savoring the moment, everything about him, the gorgeous color of his eyes, his sexy scruff, the varied tattoos on his left shoulder. She ran her finger over them. "Do these have meaning?"

"They're all elements from my Venezuelan home, the foliage, flowers, vines."

"Is that where you were born?"

He nodded. "Where we had our home before my father disappeared. Because of financial hardship my mother lost the dwelling, but I bought it back once I started making my fortune."

She caressed his face, his massive shoulders, then drifted her hand low to feel the solid curves of his chest. He closed his eyes and groaned softly as she teased his ni**les. "Do that levitating thing again. I want my tongue right here." She rubbed a hand over his chest.

He obliged her and floated, lowering himself just enough so that her tongue could swirl over his pecs. She took turns with both, working the thick pads with her hands and sucking on his ni**les. He moaned. "That feels amazing."

He started to float back down, but she stopped him with her hands. He looked at her, questioning.

"How difficult is this for you to sustain," she asked, "this kind of levitation?"

"Fairly easy, why?" He looked the nicest bit confused.

"Because if you move back, then go just a little bit farther, I could put my mouth on something else. Just take it slow so I can enjoy your body the entire distance."

He groaned, then glided slowly. She kissed him all down his rib cage. Guiding him with her hands on his waist, she let him know when and how to move so that she could kiss and lick different parts of his body. She mapped his abs, which he kept tense for her, another neat trick with gravity pulling the opposite direction. But the man was strong.

Lower she went, licking his navel until his h*ps flexed. Because his c**k was fully erect, she didn't have far to go. She took the tip of him in her mouth and moaned at the velvety feel. She used her hands at the same time and explored all that he was, the entire length of his stalk, ending in his balls.

She suckled gently.

His entire body shuddered and suddenly he caught her hands with his, pushing them away, then drew his c**k out of her mouth. "Too much," he whispered hoarsely.

She understood, smiling as he returned to land once more between her thighs. What surprised her the most was how much affection she felt for him, though she'd only been with him such a short time. But maybe sharing a disastrous situation could do that for any two people.

He held her gaze, his expression somber. He touched her damp hair, her cheek, then thumbed her lips. "I want to enter you."

She rolled her h*ps in response and cooed, "Yes."

Using his hand, he guided himself to her opening, then began to push.

She planted her hands on his shoulders, gazing into his eyes. She wanted to remember this moment forever, the first time he penetrated her.

Her lips parted as she drew in a deep breath.

"You're very wet." He thrust gently, each time going deeper.

"I've wanted this, Reyes, more than anything." Her breathing grew rough.

###

With each thrust of his h*ps Reyes felt more and more connected to Angelica. There was no question that he'd imagined doing this to her repeatedly. He was a man.

But he'd never been in this place before, desiring a woman not just with his c**k but with his entire being. Planting his forearms and curling his h*ps with each thrust, he watched her move beneath him, her dark eyes glittering.

Her lips parted and a series of small gasps came out. He watched pleasure stream over her face. He was doing this to her, giving her what she'd wanted for a long time.

Nothing seemed more important than that he please her. Her head rolled from side to side and she now had a hard time focusing. "That's it, Angelica; you're feeling me now, aren't you?"

"I am." Her words were hushed and hoarse. Her breathing uneven in the best way. "And I can feel how much pleasure you're experiencing at the same time. This is amazing."

He thrust faster and her back arched. She moaned, gripping his shoulders, her body tensing and releasing, getting ready.

She gripped him low. "Reyes," she whispered.

"I'm here. I'm with you."

"Do you want to come?"

"I want to see you come first. Can you do that, Angelica? Can you let go?" He leaned down and placed a kiss on her cheek, then her other cheek, then her lips. He played his tongue over her mouth, dipping in.

She moaned and he kissed her hard, driving his tongue deep. She cried out against his mouth and her whole body spasmed. I'm coming. Oh, God, Reyes!

He held back. Though he wanted to release, he'd been well-trained and kept himself hard for her. As he felt her orgasm reach a pinnacle, then finally ease down, he slowed his rhythm, yet still keeping the push-pull steady.

She kneaded the muscles of his shoulders, her fingers falling to his biceps. He flexed for her.

"My head is spinning," she whispered.

"Want more?"

"Do you know what I want?"

"What's that?" He kissed her again, a soft pressure against her lips.

"I want to watch you come, Reyes. That's what I want. That's the only thing I care about right now, seeing you have pleasure because you're inside me, because we're connected."

Reyes had never heard such words before, and for a long moment they didn't connect inside his brain. He'd never had a woman put his pleasure above hers or engage with him as though he had importance of any kind.

Yet he saw in Angelica's eyes and felt in the way she caressed his arms that she was truly thinking of him right now and not what she could wring from his body.

He moved faster. "You give me pleasure, Angelica, in everything that you say and do."

Small gasps once more broke past her lips. "I feel the same way about you."

His body heated up, a fire that raged through him, that made him want more than anything to release while ecstasy held her in its grip. He drove stronger now and deeper so that she cried out. "Reyes, will you come with me?"

"Yes."

He'd never been so hard as he drove faster and faster, slamming into her. She cried out in long, almost anguished sounds, pleasure building.

I'm close, she sent.

And I'm ready. Look at me, Angelica. Look at me.

He could tell she struggled to stay focused on him because her body raged with passion.

Reyes. Her gaze locked with his. I'm coming.

As he watched her tip over the edge his release rocketed. He shouted as his c**k pulsed with heat and as pleasure streaked through him.

Angelica screamed, which in turn intensified the ecstasy that rushed through him in heavy pulses. And still he held her gaze. Emotion swelled within him as the moment rolled out and his h*ps flexed in rapid jerks.

Reyes. She spoke his name one last time within his mind, then finally relaxed beneath him.

He slowed his rhythm, then finally stopped, his body satiated.

Still connected deep, he kissed her, a long, lingering kiss, then looked at her some more.

He felt mystified, unable to comprehend what he was feeling. He'd never experienced anything like this in his long-lived life. He'd never been around someone like Angelica before, who actually saw him as a person and not as a tool to be used.

He frowned slightly as she caressed his face. "How was that for you? Were you satisfied?"

Her eyes popped wide. "Didn't I scream loud enough to make myself clear?" She laughed.

He chuckled. "Yes, I guess you did."

"Why the question?" She thumbed his scruff and sighed.

"Hard to explain, I guess I just wanted to be sure that I did well by you."

At that she leaned up, surrounded his neck with her arms, and pulled him down to her. "You were magnificent and that was beyond anything I've ever known before. But Reyes, I'm not talking about your technique. I'm talking about you." She fondled his arms, his shoulders, his neck.

He simply couldn't fathom what it was he felt, except suddenly he was taken back to a time in his youth when he'd been with his mom and dad. They'd taken him night-fishing on the Amazon. They'd all laughed so much.

And that's what it was about Angelica. She reminded him that before he'd been taken into slavery he'd known what normal felt like, when he'd been a typical kid and known how to laugh, what being loved had felt like.

"Where did you go?" she asked softly, still touching him, this time rubbing his back.

But it was all too much suddenly, too good, too normal. And it couldn't last.

He shook his head and lifted off her. "I don't know. I'm uneasy about what we have to face."

"Do we have to think about that now?"

"I do." It was only a partial lie. He just didn't want to be feeling so much for Angelica. He didn't want to live with the hope that his life could actually be different. He couldn't risk believing in the impossible.

But he wasn't about to hurt her in the process. He leaned down and kissed her. "I loved every minute of this. Thank you. You've been wonderful."

Slowly, he pulled out of her and rolled onto his back.

Time to fix his thoughts on the performance for Scorpion.

Chapter Five

Angelica knew something had happened to end the moment; she just didn't know what. Although she was pretty sure she could guess. The vampire had a lot on his mind. For herself, she tried not to think about what would happen on the following night or how ill she felt with thoughts about what they'd be required to do.

But she also believed in present-moment living. Sitting up, she turned toward Reyes. He had his arm thrown over his face, his eyes closed. "Reyes, I'm starved. How about you?"

At that he shifted and opened one eye, his lips curving. "You need some food?"

"I do. And maybe another quick shower would not be unwelcome, either."

"Very pragmatic."

"It's either that or I'm going to start screaming at the top of my lungs out of fear about what we'll have to do tomorrow night."

He winced, sitting up as well, his gaze falling to her bare br**sts. They were puckered in the cool air of the room. She didn't bother covering up. She wanted him looking. She wanted him to miss her when she was gone. She also knew her br**sts were one of her finest assets.

She put her hands behind her back and arched just a little.

He met her gaze, his brows raised. "What are you doing?"

But she just laughed. "You were staring, so I thought I'd help you look at me better."

He reached for her, covering her breast with his hand and fondling her.

One thing led to another until he asked, "Think you can wait for your meal a little longer?"

"I think I can do that."

He made love to her again and again.

Later he called his housekeeper to have a tray sent up.

After a quick shower Angelica dipped into yet another fragrant soup and savored a glass of white wine. Reyes seemed preoccupied.

"Anything on your mind?"

He glanced up from a full spoon that had been sitting midair for about minute. Lowering it to the bowl, then leaning back, he drank from a bottle of beer. "Just the usual. I'm feeling the need to check the Starlin Web site, to see what's going on, if anything's developed that would require our attention."

"Good idea."

He rose, crossing to his desk, and brought his laptop back with him. He sat down in a different chair adjacent to his meal and watched the screen as he began tapping keys.

She watched his expression shift as some kind of video began running and the changing light played over his face. She heard laughter and shouts, lots of voices.

Suddenly he slammed the lid shut, shading his face with his hand.

Angelica had the worst feeling, and the chain at her neck vibrated with an emotion that ranged somewhere between full-out rage and a pit of despair.

She left her seat, rounding the table. She tried to lift the laptop lid, but he wouldn't let her. "Don't."

"Starlin, right?"

"Yes. On the f**king home page."

If this had been any other situation, if she hadn't already been abducted by the vilest people she'd ever known, she would have let it go.

Instead, she knew she had to see what had so swiftly taken him down. He rubbed three fingers across his forehead, digging in as though trying to force the images away.

"You have to let me see." How calm her voice sounded.

He stared up at her, that familiar haunted look in his blue eyes, the one that seemed to be the sheerest gateway to his soul and to what gave him the greatest pain. "I don't want you to see this. I don't want this for you. Dammit, it isn't right. You shouldn't have to know this kind of thing exists."

Angelica was torn. She valued that he was trying to protect her from what he knew to be the worst of his kind, and part of her wanted to stay in that safe garden. But another part, the part of her that had chosen to stay with Reyes through the duration of the Starlin Festival, had already gotten her hands dirty and didn't intend to stop now.

She drew close to him, then slid onto his lap and put her arms around his neck. She held him, not saying anything.

For a long moment, he did nothing as well but remained immobile, unyielding. But in the end, he wrapped her up in his arms and held her tight, even rubbing his hands every now and then up and down her back. She remained silent but let him feel her determination, knowing that their blood-chain bond would communicate what he needed to know.

Finally, she drew back and met his gaze straight on. "Show me, Reyes. I can take it."

"Just prepare yourself."

He shifted her on his lap, turning her toward the table, then lifted the lid, and the video began to play.

The young Russian woman's body, eyes wide and empty now, lay on a bloody sheet. She was na**d and had cuts and bruises everywhere. She wasn't alone, either, which might have been the worst part, because there seemed to be a party going on in the background. Several pairs of na**d muscular male legs surrounded her. Laughter ensued. Some cheering as well.

Her skin was pure white, with smears of blood on various parts, and fang-puncture marks that hadn't closed up. There couldn't have been a drop of blood left inside her. She'd not only been brutalized, but she'd also been drained.

"They killed her."

"Yes. And they were betting on the moment of death."

Angelica felt dizzy and sick to her stomach. She kept thinking she'd never be shocked again; then a new horrible event would knock her off her feet once more.

Closing her eyes, she worked at adjusting to the reality of the murder, that the innocent woman had died by torture and that there'd been nothing Angelica could have done to have stopped it. In this moment she thought she knew better than ever what drove Reyes to keep going and her resolve deepened.

When she opened her eyes she forced herself to witness the gruesome spectacle all over again.

But this time, as she settled her eyes once more on the laptop screen and started replaying the video, familiar waves began to flow all around the edges of computer. The actual images of the video began to grow indistinct and a revisiting vision arrived.

Uncertain what to do, she told Reyes what was happening.

"Just go with it," he said. "There's something here you're meant to see."

"Okay."

She watched, panning backward, and found that the room was full of about thirty people, most of them drinking. One part of the crowd was clustered around a series of flat screens that each held stats of one kind or another, typical betting windows.

Now that she'd moved into the past, Angelica could hear the young woman moaning and words spoken in what sounded like Russian. She told Reyes.

He held her tight. "You can stop anytime."

But she couldn't. She felt it now, what she was meant to see.

Hearing a voice that sounded familiar, she panned to her left within the vision and kept turning until she reached the arched doorway to the large room. "Your former captor is there, Sweet Dove, the one with the red hair. She's definitely a Starlin member. She's standing in a doorway and a man is with her. He has his arm around her, but I can't quite see him. I'll have to pan just a little bit more." She could almost see him. She shifted the vision slightly so that he came into view.

Engles.

She gasped, surprised all over again but not certain why she should be. If two people had ever been made for each other, it was Sweet Dove and her mentor.

"It's Engles, isn't it?"

"Yes. They're enjoying the moment, each holding a drink and looking nonchalant, as though nothing especially significant is going on."

"Typical slavers. Are they talking to each other?"

She nodded.

"See if you can hear what they're saying."

"Okay."

Even though what she saw had already happened, she trembled as she drew close within the revisiting vision. Evil lived in these two people.

Sweet Dove tweaked Engles's ear. "So you think Reyes will do it? Will he perform for Scorpion and for you? Because from everything you've told me, I don't think he likes you very much."

"I think he hates me, but that doesn't matter. He's been clamoring to get into Starlin for decades, and I saw how his eyes lit up when I mentioned the Board of Governors. You were right about him, my darling, and I confess you trained him well. He has more ambition than I've seen in a long time.

"But it was fun watching him jump through so many hoops, making him wait for over two decades, and it was absolute genius that you had me let him win the bid. He's very possessive of Angelica, which means that taking her away from him is going to be a lot of fun. But are you sure you still want him back?"

"I owned him once, remember? I will always think of him as my property, to do with as I please. So, yes, I want him back. Only now that he's embraced the lifestyle, and he's become a slaver, we'll have new territory to cover and it will be extraordinary."

"He's not the same man, not a youth to be seduced and trained."

"But he's not an Ancestral as I am, which means that I can handle him." Sweet Dove pulled at one of her long red curls.

"But he has Ancestral potential."

"And I'll make sure he never uses it."

"You are so beautifully corrupt, but when do I get my reward for doing your bidding?"

She held Engles's gaze. "Just be patient and you'll get your prize. I tested Angelica when she first arrived, so I happen to know just how much she can take, and yes, she'll break every endurance record. We'll both earn another small fortune through the gaming organization."

Engles smiled, his eyelids low. "I can hardly wait. She has so much fire." He then turned to Sweet Dove and nuzzled her neck, asking quietly, "But when do I get to meet Scorpion? Haven't I proved my loyalty yet?"

"Ah, yes, your ambitions." Sweet Dove turned and kissed him, then bit down hard so that he cried out.

Drawing away from her, Engles had blood pouring from a deep wound on his lower lip. He scowled at her. "What was that for?"

"For fun, of course, and to remind you that I won't be hounded or manipulated by you or anyone. When Scorpion is ready he'll bring you into our partnership, and not a moment sooner."

Engles drew a handkerchief from his pocket and dabbed at his lip. "And will you be present tomorrow night when Reyes performs for Scorpion and me?"

She shook her head. "Scorpion won't allow it."

"Yet you're partners."

"Scorpion always has his reasons."

But at that moment Sweet Dove got a funny look on her face and turned in Angelica's direction, almost as though she could see her. "Engles, my darling, I don't believe we're alone. Someone is here, watching us."

"What do you mean?"

"I don't know. It's just a strange kind of spidery crawl up my spine." She narrowed her gaze as though trying to see better.

Because Sweet Dove took a couple of steps in Angelica's direction, Angelica knew it was time to shut the vision down. She had no idea whether it was actually possible for an Ancestral of Sweet Dove's power to make contact over time and space, but she definitely didn't want to find out.

As Angelica disengaged the process, the vision faded slowly, then disappeared.

Reyes stroked her arm. "Are you all right? You're trembling."

Angelica closed the laptop. "I'm fine."

"You're frowning. What did you see?"

She met his gaze. "So much that I hardly know where to start." But she decided that the beginning was the best place and related the conversation point by point.

Reyes listened with hard blue eyes, then huffed a sigh. "My God. I had no idea. So, Sweet Dove is entrenched in Starlin and has some kind of partnership with Scorpion. But she also appears to rule Engles."

"Yes, it looks as though the student now schools the master. More importantly, everything they've done has been to bring you under Sweet Dove's control once more. Although it was clear to me that she fully believes you're a slaver now. At least that part of the equation is intact. Reyes, you've got to be careful."

He pulled Angelica tight against him and she leaned her head against his shoulder. "I never thought for a second that going after Starlin would lead me back to Sweet Dove."

"Maybe this is a good thing, because it seems likely to me that when you take Starlin down to rubble there's a strong chance you'll be able to bury her for good at the same time. And right now I want nothing more than to see that job done."

She felt absurdly safe held in his massive arms.

Reyes sighed heavily. "So Sweet Dove's plans are in play to bring me back under her control and she'll happily offer you up as Engles's reward. Sounds like the woman I knew."

Angelica frowned. "There's just one thing I don't understand. Engles said he still hadn't met Scorpion, so how will he be present at our performance without Engles ever meeting him?"

"He'll probably use a disguising shield. Some of the Ancestrals can create layered disguises that most vampires can't pierce. If after all this time Engles hasn't met him, that has probably been the process."

Angelica shook her head. Disguising shields, revisiting visions, and sadistic perverts. How had this become her life?

But she knew how and he had his arms wrapped around her.

###

With Angelica pressed against him, Reyes processed the revisiting vision. When she had first mentioned Sweet Dove torturing Angelica early in her captivity, he'd thought that his former owner might have had a distant relationship with the Starlin Group, like the rights to look over newly acquired slaves or something.

Yet at each turn, and especially thanks to the ability that Angelica possessed of experiencing revisiting visions, it was becoming clear that Sweet Dove was a significant player in Starlin.

His heart sank like a stone.

For a long time, he'd wanted to face his captor, to confront her head-on, even to choke the life out of her. But he wasn't alone anymore. He had Angelica to think of. He also had tens of thousands of slaves, present and future, whom he held as the beacon in his mind, the one idea that kept him on a steady course.

Now Sweet Dove appeared to be at Starlin's center.

His only consolation was that neither Engles nor Sweet Dove suspected his subversion. Engles had spoken only of Reyes as an ambitious man, as wanting a seat on the board, with a powerful desire to rise within the organization. He could breathe easy because it was clear his cover held.

As for Sweet Dove, he thought he understood her, that the last thing she'd ever believe was that he'd want her destruction. She truly believed he was a slaver and that she'd had a hand in helping him along that path because she'd been his torturer. How wrong she was.

His sole relief in the current situation was in knowing that Sweet Dove wouldn't be at the sex performance. He didn't think he could hold his rage back if he knew his former captor was watching and enjoying herself at his expense.

Her presence would have been a deal breaker.

Angelica grew very quiet and he remained holding her in his arms for a long time. No doubt she was processing all that she'd witnessed, both in the woman's death and in the subsequent vision.

Eventually, his thoughts turned to the difficult dilemma of managing the upcoming sex performance. He didn't lack for experience. But technique and even theatrical quality was one thing. Making love to someone he cared about for the perverse pleasure of others was an entirely different hole to dig.

He'd already been told that Angelica would have to be tied down. Though he refused to consider using chains or ropes, he thought he could handle silk scarves. The truth was, if Engles insisted on anything else Reyes would refuse. He wouldn't subject Angelica to the rigors of steel or iron bondage.

His phone dinged indicating a new text message, but his phone wasn't handy. As though reading his mind, Angelica slipped off his lap. He rose and headed into the bedroom, where he'd left his phone on his nightstand on the far side of the bed.

Because Angelica hadn't followed him, however, he didn't get far when the blood-chain gave its tug. As he glanced back at her she seemed to awaken from her own lost-in-thought reverie, nodded, and moved with him. More and more they worked in tandem.

Once he retrieved his phone he read the text, then glanced at Angelica. "From Engles. I'm to wear dominance gear."

She touched the chain at her neck. "You're upset and you're scowling. Why? Isn't this what you expected?"

"It's all leather and shit, no shirt, usually a flogger. It's the idea of it I can't stand."

She shrugged. "It's fine with me, Reyes. Because it's you, I can handle it."

"I've already decided that there are lines here I won't cross with you. One of them is that though I'll be tying you down, I won't use chains or ropes, nothing like that."

"But you're okay with silk scarves, like we originally discussed?"

"Yes."

She drew close and slid her arms around his waist. "Scarves actually sound kind of nice."

His lips curved. "You're trying to put a positive spin on something hideous."

"Maybe. But I've been thinking. What if we practiced a little, set up some kind of overall rhythm to the event, something planned, more theater than actual lovemaking?"

He met and held her gaze; then he kissed her. "I think that's a brilliant idea."

The rest of the night was spent talking through what kind of order of sexual effort would most likely please a pair of sadists best. Which led, not surprisingly, to taking Angelica to bed for one last round, with gentle overtones and a series of cl**axes that made him wonder how the hell he could ever let her go.

###

The next night Angelica flew with Reyes, her heart beating so hard she felt sure she couldn't take much more. She wore only a thin lavender negligee and Reyes's chest was completely bare, his tattoos on display. She thought maybe that during the upcoming ordeal she might be able to save her sanity by focusing on the collection of symbols and vines that curled around his shoulder and arm. Besides, she actually liked his snug black leather pants.

They'd talked for a long time about how to get through the experience, which moves he'd make and why, and especially what would be acceptable to each of them. Reyes, for one thing, would call a halt if Scorpion or Engles demanded anything extreme, like binding her with chains or inflicting any kind of torture.

The real problem was that neither she nor Reyes had any way of knowing how much Scorpion would be dictating what was about to happen. But Reyes assured her repeatedly that the moment any of their agreed-upon lines were crossed he'd shift to altered flight and get her the hell out of there.

When he touched down outside Engles's mansion, where the after-auction party had been held, Angelica once more looked around in awe. Engles might be a bastard, but he had an artistic eye. He'd created great beauty in the external landscape of his property with the lake and waterfall, the stonework and the palm trees all lit up, a terrible dichotomy.

Ready for this? Reyes's words ramped up her heart rate yet again.

She had only one response. Hell, no.

You say the word, and we're outta here, no questions asked, no recriminations.

I know. I think it's the only reason I can put one foot in front of the other right now. She wouldn't turn back, though, not with a seat on the Board of Governors at stake.

Engles met them in the foyer. He wore tailored slacks and a red silk shirt open at the collar. He held a familiar tumbler in his hand. His gaze skated over Angelica and the sheer negligee she wore. His eyes fell to half-mast and the bastard didn't try to hide his arousal.

She kept her eyes lowered.

"Looks like we're going to have some fun."

Reyes didn't say anything, but the chain at her neck vibrated heavily. He despised Engles anyway, but the man always seemed to be able to say the exact thing that would fill Reyes with rage.

Engles gestured for them to enter and Angelica almost took a step, but Reyes got in Engles's face so fast that she gasped. "You don't touch her. Have you got that, Engles? And I don't give a f**k who you are in this organization. She's mine to do with as I please. I'll only share my slave when I'm good and ready and not a second earlier. Understood?"

Engles smiled, sipping his drink as he returned Reyes's glare. "Of course. That's the Starlin way. But as you know, sharing is encouraged. You're an ambitious man, Reyes, so I hope you take the hint." Angelica heard the latent challenge in Engles's voice as their host pivoted, waving them forward. "And now, if you'll follow me."

Reyes addressed her mind-to-mind. Stay behind me. I plan to keep a lot of space between the two of you.

Good idea. I might knee him in the balls, if he's not careful.

Reyes laughed quietly and some of the tension left the moment.

As always, it wasn't a quick march to move in stilettos.

Engles guided them down the stairs where the main party had gathered last time, then through a bank of glass doors that led to a small garden and a shallow but very long rectangular pool that appeared to be about eight inches deep.

Some sort of table, draped with dark-green silk, rested on a platform in the middle of the pool. Four wood posts, intricately carved and dangling with strips of multicolored silk, rose from each corner of the table.

We're going to do it there? Angelica shuddered.

Actually, this is more than I could have hoped for.

Why do you say that? It looks so exposed.

Reyes glanced at her, holding her gaze briefly. Because the pool surrounds the table. It's clear to me that this will just be a performance, that engagement won't be expected.

Angelica wanted to take his hand. Is that what you've been so worried about?

Of course.

Engles stood on the pathway to the right of the pool and opposite the platform. He extended his hand in the direction of the table. "Scorpion has already arrived, but will remain hidden behind a layer of disguise. He may call out commands, in a voice that will be modified to sustain his hidden identity. You are expected to obey whatever he asks. I will be required to do the same, and Reyes, you would be wise to obey us both."

Without giving Reyes a chance to respond to this speech Engles turned and snapped his fingers. The lighting within the pool shifted from a soft white glow to a sensual red. At the same time, music floated through the air, a soft jazz with a blues undertone, very sexy.

Nervous, Angelica said, I take it Engles is setting the mood for us.

Always a thoughtful host. Reyes glanced around.

At least there's no spotlight. Somehow I expected there to be lights blazing over us.

Reyes turned toward her and made a pretense of gathering up the slack in the leash as he met her gaze. You're doing fine. My problem is that if Engles doesn't stop smirking I'm going to break his face into about a thousand pieces.

I'd buy a ticket for that show.

Reyes cleared his throat. You're going to make me laugh again.

Sorry.

And keep your head down.

Angelica obeyed. The part of her that was all nerves wanted to crack jokes, but Reyes was right. Laughter would not serve. I'll be good now and I'll do my absolute best.

I know you will. Now step up on my foot. I'm going to fly us to the platform. Wouldn't want your shoes to get wet.

Angelica bit her lip. Hey, it's not fair if you try to make me laugh. They were both nervous.

###

Reyes held out his arm to Angelica, and just for a moment, as she slid her arm around his neck and he drew her against him, he pretended he wasn't about to put her through hell again.

Slowly, he took her into the air, landing on the platform just to the side of the table.

Engles disappeared into the shadows, probably behind his own Ancestral layer of disguise.

Reyes could no longer see him at all.

He tried to warm up his vision, to see what was there beneath a tall shelf of rock, but more than one layer of disguise prevented him.

"Thank you for obliging me, Reyes." The voice that spoke sounded several pitches deeper than normal, with a metallic overlay.

Scorpion.

"As you are a new member, I'm sure my invitation for a private sex performance shocked you, but I confess I've been watching your career with interest, especially over the past year. You've provided me with ample entertainment as you used a variety of slaves in a number of our clubs."

So this was Starlin's founder and primary owner, the one who called the shots.

Reyes drew his shoulders back, refusing to be intimidated. "You've spied on me, then."

"Of course. Were you expecting anything less?"

"I suppose not. I knew you had your men watching me, but I didn't know you took such a personal interest in your members."

"Always, since I can't take the chance of letting anyone in who might not fully appreciate all that we do. And now, you may begin by telling your slave to undress."

He turned to Angelica. Removing the collar and leash, he tossed them on the wood floor that supported the platform.

"You've heard the command, slave."

Mind-to-mind, he gave her more specific instructions. Strip slowly, moving the negligee up from the bottom, and just as you said, this is more theater than anything else. I'm going to touch you at the same time. Stay focused on me.

I understand. The music helps.

She lifted from the hem.

Using the flogger, he tapped her hips. "Dance for me, slave. Make me want you."

She began to grind slowly to the music, and for a moment he stalled out. The sight of her landing strip coming into view as her pelvis rocked and her h*ps swayed did him in. She was a beautiful woman with soft, voluptuous curves.

She began to turn to the music, moving in a slow circle, so that after a few beats her h*ps and bu**ocks were on display and swaying.

He cupped her bottom and squeezed. Just keep lifting the negligee.

Reyes, what you're doing feels so good. She gyrated with her hips, swirling, then tilting her pelvis, rocking several times.

Angelica, my God, you can move.

Thank you. I'm thinking about you, Reyes. About what you did to me last night.

For a brief moment he forgot the performance. All he saw was Angelica's sensuality. Images of making love to her several times the night before rolled through his mind.

He stepped away from her and savored the way she finally lost the negligee, letting it drop near the leash and collar.

The metallic voice filled the air. "Bend over the table face-first, slave, and spread your legs."

Reyes froze. You okay with this?

Angelica didn't respond. Instead, she moved with a sexy sway of her h*ps toward the table. She lowered herself slowly, stretching out until her h*ps connected with the side of the platform. In slow, measured sidesteps, again in time with the bluesy music, she parted as she'd been commanded. Still thinking about you and what you did to me the last time I was in this position. Remember?

Hell, yeah.

Reyes knew not to remain static but drew closer to her. He used the flogger to play over her butt cheeks and down the insides of her legs. He spanked her gently.

Can Scorpion even see this?

Reyes glanced around. I'm sure he can, but you should also know that there are at least a dozen video cameras, all at a variety of levels, aimed at the table.

So, every expression of mine is being recorded.

Yes. Reyes had to give her an out. Want to stop?

No. I keep thinking about "her." I'm doing this for her.

Reyes knew exactly what Angelica meant, that she referred to the Russian slave. Me, too.

Angelica ground her h*ps repeatedly against the side of the table, still keeping time with the music.

Though Reyes hated that other men were looking at what was very private, he stayed off to the side to allow the view he knew the men would want.

"Beautiful!" the metallic voice called out. "And your slave is performing well. She's pleasing me with her efforts. I congratulate you on your dominance of her. You may bind her now. "

"You heard Scorpion, slave. Climb up on the table."

Angelica moved slowly, one knee at a time, stretching out a leg, arching her back, making it all work. Eventually she was spread-eagled on her back, and Reyes took his time lashing her wrists with the silk scarves loosely to the posts. He then bound her ankles.

"Take pleasure in her br**sts," came the next command.

Still in his dominance leathers, he moved to the opposite side of the table, facing his well-disguised audience.

Glancing down at Angelica, he asked, How are you doing?

Still focused on you, Reyes. Every move I make is for you and I can't wait for you to fondle and suckle my br**sts.

You're making this easy for me. He set his flogger aside.

Not hard? Not even a little?

Don't make me laugh, but yes, I'm hard as a rock and I can't wait to be inside you.

This isn't so bad, you know.

No, it's not. He drew close and caressed her br**sts with both hands, then leaned in and slowly suckled the one closest. Her back arched and she moaned.

Call me crazy, Reyes, but this is really turning me on. I love the music, and with my legs spread like this I'm feeling a lot of cool, moist air each time I grind my hips.

He drifted his hand down her abdomen. Let me make you feel even better.

The moment his fingers touched her low, she cried out. He didn't hesitate but slipped one inside and begin to work her steadily while he sucked.

"Nice action!" the voice called out.

Just ignore that. He sucked a little harder and drove faster.

This isn't quite what we had practiced, but you'll make me come like this.

That's the plan, Reyes said. I want to make it good for you.

You always do.

He watched her arms tugging on the scarves now, her legs writhing. He moved his fingers faster, pistoning.

Moans now came from the metallic voice and a few quiet commands that Reyes knew meant that Scorpion was directing his own slave.

Is that what I think it is?

Yep. Just be glad you don't have to see it.

I am.

Reyes removed his finger in order to make use of two.

When he slipped inside, Angelica said, Oh, God, Reyes.

When you're ready, just let go.

He moved faster until suddenly she cried out and he felt her tugging low on his fingers as her orgasm crested. A series of sharp gasps left her mouth. Then her eyes met his, her br**sts rising and falling as she caught her breath. That was so good. I didn't think I could do this.

Other sounds, coming from behind the disguise, left no one in doubt of what was going on. A metallic shout brought the first round to a satisfied conclusion.

Engles, also hidden behind his own disguise, was heard grunting.

But Reyes knew how this would go. He'd participated in plenty of exhibitions like this one. No doubt Scorpion took opiates to sustain himself. Just like they did for humans, opiates did wonders for vampires.

You did great. Reyes released her nipple and kissed her br**sts, then nuzzled her neck. He planned on drinking from her at the latter stage of the performance, also expected. Your blood is calling to me.

Can't wait. She was breathing hard. Reyes, I'm loving this, loving that you have me trapped on this table. I didn't think I would, but it's sexy as hell.

He rose up and waited for the next order.

The metallic voice called out, "Let's see what you've got, Reyes. I've enjoyed my share of men. And I've enjoyed seeing you in the clubs. I've looked forward to a private viewing for a long time!"

Of everything Reyes had done, this smacked so much of his captivity, of displaying his aroused girth for Sweet Dove's pleasure, that only in this moment did he hesitate.

Angelica must have known, because she quickly pierced his mind. Do it for me, Reyes. Not for that bastard. Let me look at what you've got, what I had in my mouth last night, what I want between my legs desperately right now.

Reyes turned slightly toward her, meeting her gaze. He knew the performance had to be geared toward Scorpion, but Angelica knew Reyes as well, that he wavered.

You can do this, she added. You're not a slave and right now you belong to me. Let me see you, Reyes. All of you.

He met and held her gaze, then unbuckled the thick dominance belt. He unzipped and removed his pants. He was in a half-aroused state and his c**k hung low.

You're so beautiful. I could look at you for hours.

The metallic voice intruded. "You're a big man, Reyes, a promise of good things to come. Now, release your slave to service you on her knees. You'll bind her again afterward, but a woman is at her best on her knees."

Reyes moved quickly, then climbed up on the platform. Just let me know if you want to stop.

Hell, no. This is a trap we're setting for these bastards. They're incredibly arrogant not to suspect what we're up to. So, let's give them what they want, because at the right time we'll make them pay. Besides, I already told you that I wanted this, that I want to see you, and that I want you in my mouth.

He caught the back of her neck, and with his h*ps arching he fed her his cock.

She groaned.

"The slave knows a good thing when she sees it. I think she's enjoying herself."

Reyes ignored Scorpion. He closed his eyes and focused on Angelica, savoring her mouth. He moaned as she sucked, as her fingers moved over his thighs, his abdomen, his balls. She had a light, sensual touch.

I love doing this to you, Reyes.

He knew then that he could do this with her, even release into her as needed, and he began to relax. And all because of her, because she kept bringing him back to how this was an act between them, despite the circumstances.

Suddenly he felt movement and Engles was there, na**d and aroused, levitating to place himself behind Angelica. "We're sharing, whether you like it or not." Engles's dark eyes were wild and glazed.

But something primal erupted within Reyes. A flush of heat flowed through his body and he saw through a red film that now covered his eyes. He levitated well above Angelica, then launched at Engles, catching him hard in the chest so that he flew backward between the two posts.

Reyes landed on top of Engles in the pool just a few feet from the table. With his weight holding Engles down, Reyes rained punches at his enemy. Fury raged through him. He found Engles's throat and gripped him hard as he continued to pound his face, shoving most of his head below the waterline.

Reyes shouted, "Don't you ever touch what belongs to me!"

"Enough!" the metallic voice called out.

At the same time, two sets of powerful hands grabbed Reyes from behind, hauling him off Engles. Reyes tried to wrench free, but the men were part of Engles's security staff and built like tanks. Still Reyes fought, especially since Engles rose to his feet in the pool, as all the men were now, his eyes dark with rage.

Reyes, stop! You've got to come back to me. I'm scared.

Angelica. Shit, in his fury he'd left her alone and unprotected.

He stilled as he turned to stare at her.

She was still on her knees, though at the edge of the table, and very naked. But the security team now levitated in the air around her and he couldn't reach her.

She shifted her gaze to something beyond him. Look out! she shouted within his mind.

He didn't see the punch coming. Engles caught him on the jaw and he saw stars.

Chapter Six

Angelica slid off the platform, jumped into the shallow water, then leaped toward Reyes. She'd half expected the security team to stop her, but they didn't.

When she reached Reyes, now held upright by Engles's men, his head lolled.

She reached for him, but Engles grabbed her arm and jerked her in his direction. His face was bloody and swollen, but he smiled. "I have you now. And there's nothing Reyes can do about it."

But there was something Angelica could do and right now she didn't give a damn for the consequences. She relaxed in Engles's grip and turned toward him. Adopting her most submissive pose and voice, she said, "What a powerful man you are."

He pivoted just enough. She leaned into him, and because he was so used to servility she was able to lift her knee in a hard jab. She caught him just right, because his eyes widened, then his mouth. He buckled and fell over on his side into the water once more but came up sputtering and holding his crotch.

The security team grabbed her as well.

Engles called out on a pained hiss, "Take them to the interrogation room. Now!"

But the metallic voice began to laugh, then called out, "You will do no such thing, Engles!"

Scorpion issued his own set of orders, sending Engles and his security team away. Angelica knelt in the cold water, supporting Reyes's head on her lap.

Scorpion's metallic voice once more called out. "Slave, try to bring your master around. I need a word with him!"

Angelica patted Reyes's cheek. She shivered as much from the icy water as from the knowledge that the head of Starlin, an extremely powerful Ancestral, was only a few yards away. She had no doubt that Scorpion could do anything he wanted to either Reyes or herself.

"Master, you must wake up. Please wake up."

She started rubbing his arms, chest, and shoulders vigorously. "Wake up, master."

After what seemed like ages, Reyes finally came around. And once awake he leaped to his feet. "Where the f**k is Engles?"

Reyes, calm down right now. We're alone with Scorpion. Don't give us away.

He pressed a hand to his face. "Scorpion, my apologies."

"The fault is Engles's. He did not have permission to disrupt the show and he's being punished as we speak. However, I was still extremely well-entertained. You stood up to Engles when no one else dared.

"I've had my eye on you for decades and have watched your excellent progress as a slaver. I believe you have tremendous potential in my organization and I'll be frank: I'm looking for a much more intimate association with you.

"I expect your attendance at the masked ball tomorrow night, and if all goes well I plan to reveal myself to you."

Angelica was stunned and the chains told her Reyes was as well.

Reyes frowned. "But even Engles doesn't know who you are."

"Engles will always have a specific role in my organization, but I'm looking for something very different with you. And there will be requirements which I expect to be obeyed."

Angelica wasn't surprised when Reyes bowed slightly and said, "Anything you wish, master."

"Excellent. And now you may go."

There was nothing elegant about the way Reyes simply picked her up, then shifted to altered flight, both naked. Unfortunately, as anxious as Reyes was to get her away, he moved too fast and pain pierced her skull.

She screamed. Reyes, it hurts.

He pulled back immediately, but the damage was done, so that by the time they arrived back at his bedroom she was dragging him toward the bathroom, where she promptly threw up. Naked, bent over a toilet, and vomiting. Exactly the way any woman wanted her man to see her.

Reyes was nothing but kind, however, as he stroked her back and apologized repeatedly for being so thoughtless.

This time, however, as she siphoned Reyes's power, she recovered much more quickly, so that within half an hour she sat next to him on the couch in his sitting room, both wearing robes.

He kept shaking his head. "I can't believe what Scorpion said to me, that he's been watching me and has plans for us."

"Sounds like he wants you for his boy toy."

Reyes grimaced. "I have no doubt that's his intention."

"I'd tease you if the whole thing wasn't so horrible. But it also seemed to me that Scorpion wants to bring you in as more of a partner than just a member of the board."

Reyes rubbed the back of his neck. "That's what it sounded like, but why?"

Angelica shrugged. "Like he said, he's been watching you."

"I've been careful," he stated, more to himself than her. "But this is an amazing turn of fortune."

"I assume we'll be going to the ball tomorrow night."

"Yes, of course. We have to go." He drew in a deep breath. "Do you know what this means?"

Angelica smiled and ran her hand lightly over his scruff along his jaw. "Actually, I do. You're close to your goal."

"All I need is to get at the documents detailing all the players, the clubs that Starlin owns, the bank accounts, the machinery for abduction, the holding-cell locations, and I can take them down."

"Reyes, this is amazing." That it all sounded too good to be true wasn't something that she said out loud, but she felt uneasy.

His mood shifted suddenly, new, surprising emotions that had him grinding his jaw. She just couldn't imagine what it was he was thinking.

Finally, she said, "Say it out loud. Maybe that will help."

He groaned. "I'm still furious that I left you exposed on that platform. I keep thinking about how easily Engles or Scorpion could have hauled you away. I was unconscious, for God's sake."

"And therefore completely out of control, more than you'd ever been when I was with you."

Turning toward her slightly, he leaned his elbow on the back of the sofa and settled his head into his palm. His brow was lined with furrows, his body tense. She didn't know how to help him.

Finally, she decided on letting him know what happened after he got knocked out. "I kneed Engles in the jewels."

At that Reyes's brows rose. "You did what?"

She chuckled. "I kneed Engles hard. You were out cold and he so kindly told me that now I was his because you couldn't do a damn thing about it. So, I hit him where it hurt."

"I don't understand. If you did that, then either both of us should be dead or I should be dead and you should be bound to him right now."

"I think the whole thing amused Scorpion. He was laughing while you were unconscious. He was the one who broke it up. Believe me, we were both surrounded by Engles's security team, but Engles bowed to Scorpion's will."

Reyes stared at her for a long, hard moment; then his lips curved. "So, you nailed that bastard in the jewels."

"He crumpled like a little girl. I've never seen a face that red, and his cheeks were puffed out like a blowfish. He fell into the water and came up choking. It was a beautiful sight, despite the fact that I was scared out of my mind."

Reyes laughed, then slid his hand in her hair, cupping the back of her neck. "I hardly remember what happened except that the moment Engles landed behind you and touched you my brain funneled down to a narrow beam of pure rage."

"You knocked him so hard that both of you landed in the water. It was awesome. Of course I can say that now because we're both still alive. But it was one of the best moments of my life."

"You amaze me, Angelica. You're handling this whole thing with tremendous grace."

She stared into Reyes's clear blue eyes, once more caught by the man she knew him to be. Through this difficult experience she felt as though she was getting to know him and hoped that maybe she'd be able to help him see who he truly was. She knew he viewed himself in a bad light, as one who'd been enslaved and worthless.

For her, he would always be the man who, the moment Engles had touched her with the intention of rape, had defended her, putting both his life and all his plans at risk.

Her mind ran suddenly back to the platform, to making love with him, despite having an audience. She'd wanted him to complete the act then, and she wanted it now even more.

A delicious shiver raced through her. "You know, Reyes," she began as she pulled apart her robe and let him see her br**sts, "we didn't exactly get to finish what we started and I have a feeling you need to feed."

"Angelica," he whispered.

He leaned toward, slanting his lips over hers. Passion erupted between them like a volcano.

He pushed her back on the couch and kissed her as though he were a starving man and she was his first meal in months.

She loved it. She flung her arms around his massive shoulders and shifted around so that her legs could accommodate his body.

She reached low, fondling what was already hard for her. She'd begun to feel that nothing was so beautiful as floating her fingers over the crown of his cock, then drifting the length of him. He would fit inside her and connect her to him, in the same way the chains had bound them together, the way his lips and his tongue formed a sacred seal.

When he entered her this time her body rolled in a languid arch, taking him in, feeling all that he was.

"I love doing this with you and I wouldn't have cared if we'd been on the platform. I swear it. All I wanted was to feel you inside, to be joined with you. I crave you, Reyes, every part of you."

He nuzzled her neck and she felt the sides of his fangs pushing against her throat in careful nudges. Knowing that he'd soon pierce her vein and take her lifeblood made her moan loudly. "Please, yes, please. Drink from me. I never dreamed it could be like this."

Angelica, you feed me in so many ways and tonight you saved my life.

He slowed his h*ps but kept up the seductive curl of his pelvis and thighs as he placed an arm over her chest to keep her still. He licked along her throat, encouraging the vein. She felt it rise as though reaching for him, as though needing this as much as he needed sustenance to survive.

Yes, she whispered through his mind.

His fangs struck and she cried out as her internal well tightened around his slowly gliding stalk. He felt so good and his scent, full of maleness and sex, rose to create euphoric streamers through her senses.

He removed his fangs and began to suck, pushing into her deeper now. The sounds of his mouth working her throat intensified her body's pull on him.

See what you to do me? She writhed beneath him. I'm almost ready to come.

He groaned; then with a movement that stunned her he drove his c**k in quick thrusts, vampire fast, so that she was crying out, her body spasming before she realized what had happened. All the while he suckled her neck, somehow remaining pinned to her while her body arched and rocked.

The pleasure was so sharp, so intense, that she dug her nails into his back, which for some reason made him suck harder.

He slowed his h*ps but kept pushing into her. His control stunned and amazed her.

This feels so good. You'll make me come again if you keep this up.

Then, just like before, he thrust in quick sensual jabs and she rushed over the edge once more, crying out repeatedly. If he hadn't kept her upper body pinned, she would have thrashed just for the pleasure of it.

###

Reyes took fire down his throat, one of the most basic elements of life, of civilization, whether human or vampire. He took her essence, all that she was, and drank it in. He felt more vampire in this moment than ever before, as though something about the human, about Angelica, drove him back to his roots and helped him to know himself, all that he was.

He couldn't get enough. His hunger for her knew no bounds. Feeding for him had always been perfunctory, a necessary part of the process, but not something to be savored. He'd fed from Sweet Dove, but only when she allowed and only as part of her pleasuring process.

When she wasn't in the mood she'd throw him a half-dead slave from whom taking blood had been a difficult, soul-stripping process.

Now there was Angelica, her soft flesh, the sweetness of her blood, and the adoring way she caressed him. He'd never had an experience like this in his long-lived life. He hardly knew what to do or to think, except to continue enjoying her.

When he had his fill and released the serum into her blood that would replenish her supply swiftly he drew back and lifted up so that he could look at her.

He loved the euphoric expression on her face as he continued to push inside her, moving toward yet another orgasm. He had many techniques that could give her pleasure, and he rotated his h*ps so that his c**k swirled within her, rubbing the sensitive areas just inside her well.

She panted lightly. "Reyes, my God!"

"I want you to come with me."

"Yes."

He held her gaze, watching pleasure float over her face, moving in a lift of the brows, a curve of the lips, then a faint almost painful grimace and back. Her breathing was beautifully erratic.

He started moving faster, thrusting into her in a long, steady drive.

"Yes," she whispered, still meeting his gaze.

Her lips were swollen with need and she looked ready to fly apart once more. He loved doing this to her.

"So close."

"Come with me. Now, Angelica. Come now." He leaned down and kissed her once, then drew back to watch the magic.

Her body arched. "Yes. Yes. I'm coming."

He sped up, a burst of speed that opened her mouth, and she screamed, a sound that caused him to erupt. Pleasure streaked and he roared as each pump of his seed left his body.

She held on to his shoulders, panting once more. Then suddenly she arched and screamed again. Her body held him tight down low, squeezing the last ounce of pleasure from him.

Rocking into her, he groaned heavily with the last few pulses of his cock.

Her abdomen fluttered. "Reyes. What you do to me."

He felt the same way as his h*ps settled down. He stared into her passion-drenched eyes, glinting in the dark, his vision warming her features. He smoothed her hair and kissed her again and again.

She kissed him back, her legs and body lax, her breathing slowly returning to normal. She slid her hands up and down his arms.

He remained connected to her for a long time, just looking at her, trying to understand how this miraculous thing had happened. For the first time in his life, he'd truly made love to a woman. He hadn't just sexed her up, using her for relief, but he'd made love to her.

He realized he cherished Angelica, that she'd become valuable in his eyes, a woman he could trust.

How different his previous experience with Sweet Dove had been. Nothing about her spoke of trust, of anything good. She was narcissistic and vain and was somehow connected to the most powerful man in the Starlin Group.

"Hey." Angelica's voice called him out of his reveries.

"What is it?" Reyes asked.

"You left me there. Your eyes glazed over and your lips turned down."

He huffed a sigh as once more he focused on her. "Sorry."

"No need to apologize. We experienced a wonderful distraction just now, but our situation will call on each of us quickly. Besides, I should apologize as well. I was looking at you; then suddenly all I could think about was what it would be like to finally meet Scorpion."

"And that's something we'll both do tomorrow night."

But Angelica frowned. "Reyes, don't you think it's odd that Scorpion intends to reveal himself to you when not even Engles knows who he is? And you were only recently made a member of his organization."

"I admit I'm uneasy, although he's already said he's been watching me for years. But worrying about any of it right now won't help. We'll know the truth soon enough."

###

The following evening Reyes dressed as a Roman gladiator and looked incredibly sexy. He frowned as he adjusted the metal brass armor over his chest.

Angelica knew that he'd had it made up weeks ago in anticipation of the Starlin event and that the brass works had taken a mold of his chest. She had a hard time keeping her hands off it, because even the ni**les looked exactly like his.

"If you keep touching my chest armor with that kind of gleam in your eye, I'm not sure I'll be able to answer for what happens next."

She took a step back, lifting her hands playfully. "Don't you dare disturb either my costume or this hair." She patted the rolls at the back of her head carefully. "Your housekeeper spent hours getting me to look this way."

He wrinkled his nose. "And she probably used an entire bottle of hair spray."

Angelica laughed. "I believe she did."

His expression softened. "You look beautiful."

She wore a long white gown in the Roman style, though it was split in the front to the crotch and in the back all the way to the waist so that again, as usual, her bottom would be on display. Despite these flaws, it was far better than any of the other fantasy outfits she'd had to wear and no doubt a hundred times more modest than what most of the slaves would not-be-wearing at the masked ball.

She turned sideways to expose the full-length cutout of the soft white linen fabric. Only one strip of fabric three inches in width held the front of the gown to the back on each side. "At least I'm mostly covered."

His eyes fell to half-mast as he drew close and settled his hand on her waist. "Works for me."

She reached up and kissed him, intending it to be a quick touch of her lips to his. But he turned into her and surrounded her with his arms, his breastplate hard against her chest. When she parted her lips he deepened the kiss, which made her sigh and lean against him.

The more she was with Reyes, the more she wanted to do exactly this, to be close to him, to kiss him, to make love.

But it would hardly serve to extend the moment. Reluctantly, she drew back and addressed something very specific. "I know that the Starlin Festival lasts at least three weeks. But I thought it culminated in a masked ball. Is that still true? Will there be another one?"

"Yes. The final event is all in black and white and takes place at a location called the Crystal Cavern, another well-disguised Starlin location. But I'll tell you flat out we won't be going to that one. It's a full-on orgy, with lots of 'sharing.' "

She shuddered slightly. "Let's definitely find an excuse not to attend."

His gaze slid down the side of her gown from her waist to her h*ps and all the way to her ankles. "I like that you're covered as well, but all I want to do is to slide my hands beneath the fabric to feel what I can't see."

She stared up at him, enjoying this so much, that he was comfortable with her. "If we weren't leaving in a few minutes ..."

"I know. I'd have you back in bed so fast."

"You know I'm a little sore, right, in a good way I mean?" She smiled.

He growled softly. "As you should be, since I spent so much time inside you before we fell asleep."

"I didn't know a man could do half the things you can do."

He leaned close and nuzzled her ear, whispering, "And there's more to come. I never told you this, but I can split into two beings."

She drew back and met his gaze. "What do you mean?"

"Some vampires, with sufficient power, especially those with Ancestral markers, have the ability to become two people at the same time."

"You mean ... two of you?" Her chain vibrated at her neck so that she felt his growing desire.

He nodded. "Yes."

Angelica's cheeks grew warm, but not with embarrassment. The thought of having two of Reyes tending to her made her short of breath. "Sort of like a threesome."

He nodded slowly.

Her body stalled out, so that she wasn't even sure she could feel her feet. If she understood him, when they made love at any given time she would have two pairs of hands on her instead of just one. The thought was so intoxicating that she weaved on her feet.

He caught her arm, steadying her. "Hey, are you all right?"

"Oh, sure. Just had a couple of images of you that tripped my brain."

At that he took her in his arms again. "And what were you thinking? Tell me."

"All four hands on me, my br**sts, my abdomen, my bu**ocks."

This time he listed and she had to keep him upright.

"Maybe we should go."

He drew back and forced himself to focus. "Yes, that's what we should do." After a couple of deep breaths, he added, "Time to put on your mask."

From the nearby table she picked up one of the smallest masks she'd ever seen, pure black and built more like a pair of glasses without the lenses. They slid into place and into her hair without disturbing the coiffure that Mathilde had so painstakingly created for her.

He donned his at the same, a similar small pair with a gold coloring that matched his chest armor.

After stepping onto his foot and with his arm holding her tight, he flew her slowly, protecting her vulnerable human physiology.

You'll enjoy the resort where the ball is being held. It's on the Mediterranean in a massive hidden cavern open to the sea.

Sounds beautiful.

It is, especially at night.

Does that mean you've seen it during the day?

Of course. With altered flight I can go anywhere in the sunlight and not be affected. I'm only in danger when I touch down.

They passed through more stone that felt like soft fingers grazing her skin. Once breaking through to the cavern, Reyes slowed down even more, which gave her a tremendous view of the scope of the resort. A cave shelf that stood at least a hundred feet high overhung the sea by at least fifty yards. A beach of light-colored sand met a bank of rocks, and several sets of stairs, carved into the seawall, led thirty feet to the main resort area. The coastline, beneath the shelf, curved, and all sorts of dwellings, including a massive hotel, held beachfront locations.

She glanced behind her and watched as more and more vampires flew in, many with their slaves in nothing but chains and feathered masks. Each couple landed in the same area or continued, as Reyes did, to levitate slowly through the air.

Does this entire place belong to Starlin?

Yes. Impressive, isn't it?

I'm stunned.

My original plan was to purchase a home here as soon as I became a member. It would be another way to get close to the movers and shakers.

I keep forgetting that you're wealthy. She glanced at him and saw that his lips curved. And I like that about you very much. You've been chased, she sent.

Hunted.

She chuckled. But never brought down.

He drew off to the side to make sure he didn't block incoming traffic. Holding her gaze while he hovered and kept her tight against him, he created a disguising shield. Not until now.

Her brows rose. But I haven't been hunting you.

At that he smiled fully, something rare for him. I seem to recall a certain red dress ...

She planted a hand on his cool breastplate. That was not hunting, Reyes. I only wanted a chance to be with you.

In your bed.

Yes, there's no sense pretending anymore. I wanted to jump you.

His turn to laugh. He seemed so relaxed, something he hadn't been, even though they were going to meet Scorpion at some point during the party.

When Reyes removed the disguise he reminded her to adopt her servile attitude once more, then put them back in motion. She kept her head bowed but let her gaze drift over the sea on her right, then to the homes on her left, all staggered up the sloped incline toward the cave shelf and finally to the hotel with the entrance at the walkway level.

As at the underground cavern, what surprised her was all the plants, like this was any ordinary beach community with window boxes full of trailing vines, flowers, and even small shrubs. A few of the larger homes had small patches of lawns and large trees.

Another community that made use of grow lights.

Your civilization never ceases to surprise me.

There's a lot to value in what we've achieved, but we've got a long way to go.

He levitated to The Starlin Hotel, touched down outside, then took her leash in hand. I really hate this.

Small price to pay, Reyes.

You're right, but you're the one who has to pay it.

She stopped in her tracks and glanced at him. She didn't have her head down, which she could tell made him nervous. You're wrong about that.

He frowned. What do you mean?

I know what this is costing you.

He seemed so surprised. "Lower your gaze," he commanded sharply.

Angelica obeyed. She'd taken a risk confronting him like that, with so many people watching them. But she wanted him to know that she understood.

Stop making me like you so damn much. You're driving me crazy.

Angelica refrained from smiling, but her heart soared. She knew she was being ridiculous, that what she was experiencing with Reyes couldn't possibly lead to something permanent, but she never thought she'd hear him say she was driving him crazy. It pleased her feminine soul.

He led her straight through the lobby, past the check-in desks to either side of the foyer. Two costumed vampires, both extremely tall and wearing feather-trimmed dominance gear, made the ballroom easy to find.

Music poured from the space, enlivening the foyer.

As usual, Angelica had never seen so many na**d people before, and not just women but men with erect penises. She tried to look elsewhere, but because she had to keep her head lowered certain things were hard to miss.

Once she and Reyes were inside, the main ballroom area was in a sunken space surrounded by dozens of small tables and chairs, all at different elevations. A series of at least ten steps led to a dance floor alive with couples gyrating.

So what do we do now?

We work the room and wait until Scorpion calls for us.

###

Reyes made the rounds and let any number of prominent Starlin members stare at Angelica but postured to make sure no one else touched her.

He saw Engles once, but the bastard merely nodded, his eyes cold. Reyes knew he'd destroyed a lot of goodwill in that direction, but he wouldn't undo his actions even if he could. Engles had been determined to insinuate himself into the sex performance, and only a hard body slam like the one Reyes had delivered could have stopped Engles.

So Reyes ignored Scorpion's right hand, especially since the invitation still stood and he'd be meeting with Scorpion for the first time. More than once, however, Reyes wondered why Scorpion was taking such an interest in him when so many other vampires, having served on the board for decades, should have had priority.

He would soon find out.

He'd just finished his second tumbler of scotch when Engles finally approached him, looking none too happy. But Reyes met him stare for stare. Reyes supposed one day he'd have to battle the ass**le for good, but not tonight.

"Scorpion is ready for you. Follow me."

He turned on his heel and moved quickly, but he looked mad as fire. Reyes caught Angelica against his side, then levitated swiftly after him.

Engles glanced at Reyes, then switched to altered flight as well.

Reyes tracked with him, passing through solid stone.

The trip didn't last long and Reyes's internal signal told him they were still within the beachside resort.

The suite was empty and nicely appointed with light-blue silk drapes and matching comforter, dark wood dresser and nightstands. Off to one side, an arched, darkened doorway led to a long corridor that sloped at a downward angle.

Engles gestured toward the bed. "Your instructions are there." With those words he shifted to altered flight and was gone.

On the bed was a box.

"What do you think this means?" Angelica asked.

"I don't know." Reyes drew close to the box and flipped the lid. Inside, a note rested on top of several folds of black leather as well as a flogger.

The flogger had a familiar style with a snake-head topper. Sweet Dove had owned an implement just like this one. His chest tightened. Was it a coincidence?

He unfolded the single sheet of paper and read: "Your slave must wear the costume, though you may keep on whatever you wore to the ball. Through the arched hall, you'll find a lovely trip down memory lane waiting for you."

A seal bearing a large S was stamped at the bottom.

Setting the paper aside, he lifted the leather costume, then glanced at Angelica. The chains vibrated against his neck as she looked at it. Her heart rate had jumped.

"You're to wear this," he said.

She took the jumbled leather in her hands and lifted it up. "This reminds me a little of what your friend Eve wore during her theatrical performance, only she was dressed in red."

"You are being too familiar with me," he said curtly, then slipped into telepathy. Remember that we might be watched.

Right. She lowered her head. "I'm sorry, master."

As for the outfit, that would follow. The costume is essentially a dominatrix outfit.

Her brows rose. Really? Scorpion wants me to be in the dominant position?

I don't know. I still have no idea what's going on here.

Should I put it on?

Reyes nodded. If we're going to move forward with this you'll have to. Just remember, you can stop at any time.

Angelica took the costume in hand. I might need your help with this.

In other circumstances, the process of helping Angelica get into any kind of fantasy wear would probably have landed him in bed with her. As it was, despite the fact that he pulled the bustier tight and zipped her up and that her firm br**sts mounded so beautifully in the snug, too-small cups, his nerves kept him from enjoying the moment.

He had a bad feeling about this situation. Why was the flogger like the one that Sweet Dove had used on him and why was Angelica supposed to wear the dominant outfit?

The leather pants were an intricate combination of strips of leather, so that it took more than one try to get each leg through. Once the job was done and she wore the six-inch black stilettos he stood back. I won't forget this image very soon.

"She's like a wet dream, isn't she?"

Reyes turned, the sound of the woman's voice like broken glass slicing into his skin. She had frizzy red hair and deep cornflower-blue eyes, a small bow of a mouth, and cruelty emanating from every cell of her body.

Sweet Dove.

She turned in a slow circle. "How do I look, lover?"

She wore a cream silk skirt to midcalf, a sheer blouse with sleeves that ran to the wrists, ending in three-inch ruffles, and a gold metallic bra visible beneath.

Her hair was in a cloud around her head, gathered once behind with a gold clip, then flaring in more clouds and streamers down her back.

He hadn't seen her in decades, and now here she was somehow intimately connected to Starlin and even to Scorpion, the alliteration sinking deep suddenly, like a snake hissing. He wanted to say something to her, to rail at her for all the pain she'd caused him, but nothing would come.

He'd dreamed of this moment, of finally confronting his abuser, yet he stood immobile as though, even after all this time, she could still control him.

But it was Angelica who spoke first. "You're the bitch who hurt me."

She pivoted toward Angelica. Though Sweet Dove continued to stare at her, she addressed Reyes. "Your slave needs a lesson in manners. Would you like to teach her, or shall I?"

She extended her hand toward Angelica, but the threat against her moved Reyes out of his stupor. He caught his captor's wrist and turned her toward him. "What the f**k is this all about, Sweet Dove? I was told I'd be meeting Scorpion."

Sweet Dove smiled. "And you will. As for Scorpion, he and I are old friends, much older than even Engles and I, or did you not know that?"

Reyes made a decision not to tip his hand. There was no reason why Sweet Dove needed to know that Angelica had a revisiting vision capability. "I didn't know."

"I'm a little surprised. Somehow I thought you did. But before we get any further, I really must know how you got free of me all those years ago."

Reyes recalled the process and how it had taken two decades of slow, determined effort. He gave her the short version. "It was simple. Though it required time and patience, I seduced two of the men you brought in on a regular basis to join in our fun, that's how."

She held his gaze. "Actually, I'd already figured it out. But what distresses me to this day is that I never suspected. I thought you liked being with me. I made sure you had pleasure."

Reyes stared at her for a long, hard moment. Something that had never quite made sense to him now came into sharp focus. He'd always known Sweet Dove to be a pure narcissist, but until now he hadn't truly understood that she was actually surprised that he'd ever wanted to leave her. She believed what she said, that she'd thought he'd been fulfilled and content serving as her slave.

The woman bought her own propaganda.

But he refused to get distracted by her sense of ill-usage. "I looked for each of those men later, but they seemed to have disappeared."

She checked her manicure. She had long, sharp nails. "I had to know the truth, so I tortured them. I was never so disappointed in all my life, because as much as they enjoyed inflicting pain on you in my presence, neither lasted very long when put under the cat's claw."

Reyes let these words slide off him. He didn't really care very much about the past, not anymore, especially with Angelica in the room and extremely vulnerable as a human. No matter what Sweet Dove's game was, he had to protect Angelica and because of Sweet Dove's Ancestral status she had complete power in the situation.

"And how are you connected to Scorpion and Starlin?"

She moved in his direction, reaching out with her right hand to touch his bare arm. But suddenly Angelica was right there, standing between them. In her stilettos she was taller than Sweet Dove. "Keep your hands off him. He's my master."

Sweet Dove's lips curled, her fangs showing. Then she laughed, a long trill of laughter. "What a stupid human you are, or do you not understand that I could rip you away from Reyes right now? I could have your blood-chains removed and throw you to the dogs or give you to Engles, though I suspect you would prefer the former."

Reyes felt Angelica ready to respond, but he took her quickly by the arm and pulled her behind him. Aloud he said, "Stand down, slave. You're out of line." Privately he added, She can kill you with a single blow. Let me handle this.

"How endearing that your slave has become protective of you, but we will get rid of her once you return to me."

He wanted Sweet Dove's focus off Angelica. "I belong to no one, Sweet Dove, or are you called something else now?"

"I am, as it happens. But I can see that you haven't guessed, which surprises me. You never lacked for intelligence and you were always studying, which I thought endearing in its way."

He refused to get sidetracked. He had to get a clear picture of what he was dealing with. "What's your new name?"

She laughed once more. "I swear you've grown positively obtuse since you left me. How can you not know who I am?"

Reyes stared at her and then the pieces of the puzzle fell suddenly into place. It couldn't be, yet in his gut he knew it was true. He felt dizzy as he stated, "You're Scorpion."

She nodded. "I am. Do you like the empire I've built all around my favorite pastime? I think it sublime. I'm very proud of what I've created. The betting pools have been good fun and a real moneymaker, more than the auctions themselves. I won a small fortune on the little Russian. Of course, it helped to know the owner and to encourage him to increase or decrease his beatings. Power is a wonderful thing."

Reyes stared at his former captor, the woman who had beaten, raped, and tortured him for a century and whom he'd been unable to locate all this time. But there was one thing he had to know, whether or not she suspected his current ruse.

"After Starlin, you're my second most favorite achievement, you know." She drew close. "I've watched you especially over the past year, when Engles told me you'd applied for membership. I'm good at disguises, you see, and I watched that little Asian beauty suck you off. You bit her ear. Very nice. But what the hell happened at the theater performance?"

Again, Sweet Dove had taught him so much. Without missing a beat he responded, "I was thinking of you, of course, so I got lost in the memories." Would she buy it? Or would she suspect he'd almost lost his mind in that moment and blown his cover?

She smiled. "Of course you would have. I take it you telepathically commanded your slave to service you?"

He held Sweet Dove's gaze firmly. "Yes, that's exactly what I did. I had complete control of her and she performed for me just as I wanted her to."

Sweet Dove smoothed a hand over his breastplate. "So you were lost in thoughts of me."

"I was." How he hated her. He wanted nothing more than to snap her perverse neck. But she still had physical and preternatural power over him and she wouldn't hesitate to kill Angelica if it served her purpose.

"Oh, and I did so enjoy that even while in a fully aroused state you attacked Engles. I hadn't had that much fun in ages. You're both fit, beautiful men. It was like watching the Greeks of old wrestle."

He worked hard to process the truth that the woman who had enslaved him now led the organization he intended to bring down. It would never be enough to kill her outright. He had to get hold of the entire structure of her organization, all the players, everyone who got paid off, the names of the clubs, the betting organization, every damn thing.

Right now he felt stuck between a rock and a hard place. If he'd been alone, without Angelica, he could have maneuvered through easily, even setting out to seduce his former captor and gain the information he sought.

But Sweet Dove had been a fiercely jealous master and wouldn't tolerate Angelica's presence for longer than she had use for her. He needed to understand Sweet Dove's purpose right now and to somehow figure out a way to save Angelica.

"What do you want, Sweet Dove?"

"I want you back of course. I realize you'd never be my slave again, but we could become so much more as a couple. I've missed you. I've never had a man like you since you left.

"So for starters, I thought I would offer you what I know your ambitions crave: a seat on the Starlin board. That's what you want, isn't it?"

Her eyes glittered and in that moment he realized she didn't suspect him of any kind of treachery and a small part of him began to breathe, began to believe he and Angelica might just survive this night. "Yes, more than anything, I want on the board. I want what all of the governors have. I've made a small fortune on my own. But now I want what you and Engles possess."

She drew in a deep breath. "I knew it. You are my greatest accomplishment. I see it in your eyes. You match me in ambition now as well as in depravity." She smiled, a familiar penetrating smile that caused fear to run through Reyes. He knew that nothing good would follow.

"So, you may have a seat on the board of Starlin governors if you'll do one thing for me, one very simple thing."

His heart rate kicked up several notches.

Angelica's voice was suddenly in his head. Reyes, I don't trust her. She smells evil.

I don't trust her, either, but we've got to play her game.

Aloud he said, "What do you need me to do?"

"Actually, it's not what I need just you to do, but rather you and your slave. But you'll understand a lot better if I show you what I require." Her smile broadened. "I've prepared a surprise for you."

###

Angelica gripped Reyes's hand as she moved with him down the hall. The chains hummed low and hard, indicating a combination of sensations coming from him that she couldn't quite separate out. Beneath everything, however, rage boiled, the old kind that swam in deep currents of hatred and shame.

Sweet Dove led the way, walking with a confident stride in her cream skirt and gold bra, with her mounds of fiery hair.

The cavern hallway, sculpted with unique carvings in the stone walls and high curved ceiling, was at least thirty feet long. It sloped downward to a room that appeared to be lit with candlelight.

The closer Angelica drew to the light, however, the faster the chains vibrated at her neck, once more indicating Reyes's distress. He tightened his hold on her hand, and once they arrived on the threshold she was in pain. Reyes, you're hurting me. You're crushing my fingers.

She pulled, trying to disengage, but he stared at the room the way he had looked during Eve's theater performance, like he wasn't all there. Something about this room had gotten to him.

Angelica turned toward him. His eyes looked glazed. "Reyes," she called sharply.

"I don't understand," Sweet Dove said softly, a curve to her bow lips. "He looked just like this while watching that woman during the performance at Engles's home. I wonder if he's thinking about me again?"

She met Angelica's gaze and showed her fangs in a satisfied grin.

Part of Angelica wanted to rip Sweet Dove's face off, but there were more important things to do. Angelica ignored the woman and began wrestling with Reyes's hand. If he didn't let go he'd break her bones. She sent some of the power she siphoned to her fingers and gradually built up enough strength to disengage.

Once disconnected she held her hand but kept up the healing flow. This would not be the way to start an encounter with Sweet Dove, to show any kind of weakness.

"He hurt you then? I take that as a good sign."

Angelica didn't rise to the bait; instead she rubbed Reyes's arm, up and down. She kept her head bowed, trying to maintain her slave cover. Come back to me. You've got to come back.

He moved slowly forward, however, as if in a trance, but ignored her completely. She stayed with him, though, until they both stood in the center of the space.

The room had a peculiar odor, something she couldn't place at first, except that it smelled very old, almost ancient. The room held a throne-like chair and a barred grate over what was an arched cavern opening the size of an average window. Beyond she could hear water rushing at what must have been a great depth. Yet the resulting fresh air still didn't soften the odor.

She supposed many of the cavern systems around the world would have lots of older parts and even bad smells like this one. But why had this room shut Reyes down so completely?

He turned slowly in Sweet Dove's direction.

Glancing past his shoulder, Angelica saw that a second archway led to another space, also lit by candlelight.

Within were a series of old rusted chains and hooks, like something from an ancient fishing trawler. Below, on a three-foot-high platform, was a wood table stained very dark.

She reached for Reyes's hand once more, because a terrible chill went through her. She almost connected, touching his fingers, but suddenly he levitated toward the doorway and moved swiftly into the room. She hurried to retain the necessary proximity.

He moved to stare down at the table, gripping two of the nearest chains in tight fists. The muscles of his arms flexed and released. His breathing grew rough.

What was he seeing?

Angelica stepped away from him. All she felt from him now, through their shared chains, was a rage that went beyond anything she could possibly comprehend.

She moved off to the side and pressed herself against the wall. She saw him in profile and that his face had broken out in a sweat as he stared at the table.

Then she understood and horror descended on her.

This was where it had all happened, repeatedly, over a century. Maybe this had even been the first room.

She watched Sweet Dove move to join them near the platform, easing off to the opposite side. She moved slowly, slithering like a snake, taking deep breaths, watching Reyes. She didn't fear him, not even a little. But Angelica could tell that Sweet Dove's drive to possess Reyes again, to once more make him her slave, exceeded every other purpose the woman had. She'd lied about a partnership.

"Are you remembering now?" Sweet Dove asked. "Can you feel how I'm peeling away the disguises deep inside your mind, allowing you to recall the times you'd been here before?"

Reyes nodded slowly.

The woman's lips were parted and her ni**les peaked within her bra, tight, hard buds. She was getting off on this, on seeing Reyes here, the youth she'd abused, tortured, raped, and on watching him relive his past.

"You used to like the things I did to you."

A grimace swept over his face, but he didn't shift his gaze.

"I know how badly you've wanted to join the Starlin Group, to partake of all the delights of my world. I'm offering you so much, Reyes, and all I need from you is to do this one little thing for me.

"You see, Engles disrupted the performance earlier and I wanted to watch you explode with passion, to really feel your pleasure as you dominated your slave."

She took a few steps closer to the table. "But that moment has passed and maybe it was for the best, because now what I desire tonight will be so much better, for you and for me."

At that, he slowly pivoted in her direction.

Angelica moved at the same time, closer to the table but adjacent to Reyes so that she could see him and watch his expressions. How Reyes responded in this situation had just become a matter of life and death to Angelica. If rage took him over and he attempted to kill Sweet Dove, something he'd fail at because he couldn't prevail over an Ancestral, Angelica knew she'd die. They both would.

She had to do the thinking for both of them right now, since Sweet Dove had taken away Reyes's rational mind by bringing him here. Angelica had the impression that the woman hadn't used this room since Reyes left, which was maybe part of the smell. The scent reminded Angelica of the back rooms of a house that hadn't been cleaned or aired in a long time.

She leaned closer and realized the smell came from the table itself. She wondered if pain and violation developed a redolence over time.

But as she stared at the stained wood she realized what had caused the uneven stain.

Blood.

And lots of it.

She stepped back, horror piercing her once more.

For a time, she couldn't breathe and couldn't think. But she had to pull herself together.

Reyes had worked hard to build a life for himself after his subjugation in this dungeon, honest work with an honest wage on which he'd built his wealth. Only then had he set his sights on Starlin, when he could afford to buy into the expensive lifestyle. And he had only one purpose, to bring this diseased, perverse organization down.

But he could lose it all right now.

"What do you want me to do?" he asked.

"It's simple. I want you on your back, naked, the way you used to be for me. And I want your slave to dominate you, to give the performance I've been denied all these decades since you left. If you do that, I'll make you a board member this very night and in the coming days and weeks, if you once more become the lover I've craved all this time, I'll make you my partner over the entire organization. You'll be wealthy beyond what even you can imagine, and the power, Reyes, trust me, the power is intoxicating."

He shook his head slowly from side to side. "I can never be bound again. Don't you understand that? I can never return to you."

She pouted. "But why, when I brought you to ecstasy every time we were together? I made sure you knew pleasure. I was a good master to you."

Angelica's chain trembled at her throat, vibrating with Reyes's emotion. "While you chained me, cut me, and beat me? While you had others pulling and sucking on me or shoving their dicks into every orifice I possess? You can't imagine why I wouldn't want to return to that?"

"You're kidding yourself, Reyes. Don't you see? You've found your way back to me. This is what you've wanted since you left my home. You need to be here."

Angelica made a quick decision. She joined Reyes and slid her hand up his arm. "I want to do this, master."

He whipped his head in her direction. "What?"

She caressed his muscles, hoping to give an appearance of arousal. She swept a hand the length of the wood. "I want you here, master. I want you laid out. I want to ride you while you're chained. You've already given me so much pleasure and taught me the joys of pain, but now I want more." She shifted her gaze to Sweet Dove. "And I want your mistress to watch, because mostly I want to survive, and what better way than to please the Starlin leadership?"

Sweet Dove narrowed her gaze at Angelica. "You're smarter than I suspected. And I admire anyone who chooses to live."

###

Reyes stared at Angelica. He didn't fully understand what was going on, which meant his brain wasn't quite functioning yet. But he did know that Angelica's professed desire to do what Sweet Dove wanted made no sense at all. He'd never caused Angelica that kind of pain, so why was she talking like this?

He shifted his gaze back to the table, where he'd been raped times beyond counting, and knew he couldn't go through with Sweet Dove's demands. Here was the one thing he'd promised himself: Never to allow again anyone to chain him down. Ever.

"I won't do it."

Angelica turned toward him and pressed herself up against his body. "Please, master." She sounded desperate, but her telepathic words carried profound resolve. Reyes, together we can do this. You and I. Forget Sweet Dove right now. Focus on me. Just me. We have to do this.

He turned and held her gaze and his mind began to clear a little more. I can't. Try to understand. She took everything from me, here in this room. Everything.

I know that. But she's also Scorpion and she just earned a fortune on the death of the Russian slave. We owe it to that woman to keep going. Reyes, you have to do this, but it will be very different because I'll be with you every step of the way. I'll be the one commanding you and riding you. Not her. I'll be making love to you, and that's not the same thing as what happened before.

Aloud she said, "I want to live, master. Do this for the head of Starlin. Please."

He shook his head. I can't do this. I won't.

Angelica kept her head bowed, still playing her role. Reyes, you must. Don't you see? If you do this one thing you'll be on the Starlin board. You'll finally have access to all the information you've been seeking. The game can be won or lost here.

His mind finally ordered itself, and he shifted his gaze to the table. But one final element came into view, something he was sure Angelica hadn't considered: Once he was bound in chains, if Sweet Dove decided to kill Angelica or to give her to Engles there'd be nothing he could do to save her.

Reyes, tell me I'm wrong, but if you refuse isn't it possible, even likely, that Sweet Dove will never make the offer again? Isn't this your only hope, our only hope?

As if to confirm Angelica's take on the situation, Sweet Dove drew close. "I'll only offer this once, Reyes. Accept the chains here and now or I'll rescind your membership immediately. And you'll be out for good."

To be continued ...

