Chapter One

OMG. Are you insane????

Katrina Phillips glanced at the text from her best friend, Samantha, and ignored it. She didn't have time for drama. She was on the subway and she was late posting the Deal of the Day for one of her clients, Mind and Body Yoga, on all of its social networking sites. She really should have at least gone through the tutorial on her new phone, but she'd figured it was a phone, not a plane. She'd had a dozen previous smartphones, each one simpler to figure out than the preceding model.

Except for this one. All her apps and contacts and data had transferred, but it seemed to be doing some sort of internal knitting together of every individual account she had, weaving them into one lumpy, messy pile of informational yarn. Which reminded her. She had to tell the knitting club she'd joined on a whim that she was quitting. She sucked at knitting.

Only she couldn't do that because she couldn't figure her damn phone out.

Her phone dinged again and it was a text from Bryan, a guy she'd gone out with twice who had agreed that they'd split the check for cocktails, then had managed to slide the change into his pocket when she wasn't looking, stiffing her five bucks. Why would he be contacting her after two months of mutual avoidance?

Bitch.

Well. Good thing he'd bothered to get that off his chest. Annoyed, she deleted the text. Only to have another one replace it.

Hey, baby, wassup? Long time no talk.

O-kay. That was Dirk, a hookup from the year before. Hot, funny, great in bed. Not one to call the next day, as she'd found out. Why would he be crawling out of the woodwork?

Along with James, whom she'd dated for two months.

And Seth.

And Michael.

The texts and emails rolled in, one right after the other, like a This is Your Sex Life retrospective, and she thought OMG was about right. This could not be a coincidence. Alarmed, she shifted on her plastic seat, the coughs of the other passengers and the rumble of the train louder than she was used to. She wasn't studiously ignoring everyone with her earbuds in as she usually did, because she couldn't use her phone. And had she mentioned she couldn't figure out her phone?

Why? She texted Samantha, suddenly very, very concerned.

Go to your profile.

Uh-oh.

It took her an agonizing minute to figure out how to bypass all the initial demands her phone was making of her. Honestly, it was worse than her mother and no, she would not like the GPS enabled right this second, she freaking knew where she was. But when she finally got to her profile and saw what exactly her glorious little piece of electronics had synced, she wanted a GPS to guide her to the nearest hole to crawl her hipster ass into and die.

Her BootyBook app had synced with her personal page.

Now every detail about every guy that she had logged in to her handy, and slightly tawdry, app equivalent of a little black book was now visible to everyone. Including ratings on their manners, clothes, conversation during the date, and yes, their penis size if she had hooked up with him. Along with whether or not she'd had an orgasm, the quality of foreplay, and her overall general impression of his sexual prowess.

OMG became OMFG.

Delete, delete, delete. Her hands started to shake, her armpits cranked out massive quantities of sweat, and her heart started to race so fast she wondered if a stress heart attack was possible at twenty-four. "Come on, come on," she muttered to her phone, evil little piece of shit that it was, and clicked and scrolled and pinched and read, trying to figure out how in the hell she could get rid of what she had just seen. Forever.

When she thought she'd severed the mysterious connection she refreshed the site and finally remembered to breathe. It was gone. She called Samantha. "Check and see if it's still there!" she blurted out without a greeting, her phone slipping in her sweaty hand. There wasn't air-conditioning strong enough in the world to prevent clammy palms in this situation.

"It's gone!" Samantha said, her voice triumphant. "Thank God. What the hell happened?"

"I don't know, exactly." Regardless of the fact that leaning against a subway window was never a good hygiene choice, she needed the support. She sagged backward. "But it doesn't matter how. It did and I seriously don't want to think about how many people saw it." Given the commonality of instant notifications on status updates, it could be a lot. Everyone on her friends list. Including her mother.

Her phone dinged in her ear. And then again.

Katrina smacked the back of her head into the window so hard she actually managed to garner a side glance from the man sitting next to her, no small feat in New York, where eye contact on the subway was a social no-no. "I'm going to die," she told Samantha.

The man looked away again. He so didn't care.

"I'll meet you at your place," Samantha told her. "I'll bring wine."

"Thanks." It was something.

"We'll strategize damage control. Don't freak."

Yeah, too late. "All right, thanks. See you in a bit. Bye." Tucking her hair behind her ear, Katrina bit her lip and gave her phone a sidelong tentative glance as it rested in her lap on her red skinny jeans, afraid to see who the latest texts were from.

Except one was from Drew Jordan, her best friend at NYU, her secret crush for four years, then her onetime lover after a boozy night at an art exhibit. Her throat caught as she frantically read the text, all too aware of what he must have seen.

Magnificent penis huh? I'm kinda speechless.

And with that, her humiliation was complete.

Because while there were quite a few BootyBook entries she remembered only in the vaguest sense, she distinctly recalled what she had written about Drew in the first flush of morning-after bliss when he had left her apartment. She had rated him a nine, skimping on a full ten because they weren't in an actual dating relationship and because she had coaxed him into bed only after many vodka tonics. For kissing she had given him a ten, along with the description "dreamy." His penis had been rated, well, magnificent, as he had noticed.

And she had written, "Now I understand what everyone is saying. Sex with someone you love is better. Happy sigh."

But that happy sigh had turned into weeks of misery when it became apparent that neither one of them knew how to deal with the sexual aftermath of crossing that line in their friendship. She had acted weird, texting him too much. He had pulled away. She had flaunted a guy in front of him at a concert. He said she drank too much. Then came that fateful day when she realized that he was avoiding her altogether.

And she had absolutely and utterly humiliated herself by drunk texting him that she missed him.

So really, in the context of that text, she wasn't sure she'd made it any worse.

God. Her life was over. No man was ever going to want to date her again.

* * *

An hour later, Katrina felt as though she was on a QVC infomercial. But wait, there's more!

Just when she thought nothing could be added to her shopping cart of suck, yet another text or email came in, proving that it could always get worse.

"Who is James again?" Samantha asked.

"He's the guy who didn't have a condom and when I insisted he find one, he came back with a sandwich bag and said he could make that work."

"Oh, gross, that's right."

There was a moment of silence where Samantha contemplated the horror of that moment, and Katrina relived it. At the time it had seemed like possibly one of the worst things ever to happen to her. Oh, the naivete. This was so, so much worse.

Spending the rest of her life dateless and sliding into crazy cat lady status one litter box in her apartment at a time was the veritable tip of the awful iceberg. Because apparently not only had her BootyBook information posted to her personal social media site, it had uploaded itself as a spreadsheet to her business page.

"How does that even happen?" Samantha demanded, popping the cork on their second bottle of pinot grigio. It was that kind of night.

"I must have hit the share button when I was setting up my phone and it uploaded to all of my accounts," Katrina said, wishing she had a shovel to bash herself in the head with. She'd even settle for a gardening trowel.

But this was Brooklyn, not her hometown upstate. There were no tools of any kind hanging around her apartment, unless you counted the guy who lived next door who went tanning three times a week.

The palms of her hand were numb from squeezing her hands into fists. "I don't remember setting it up that way, but you know how it is. You get efficient. You start clicking and connecting and the next thing you know, you're Facebook friends with your ex-boyfriend's mother. We're always just one tap away from complete and utter disaster."

Samantha pushed up the red frames of her glasses, her fringe bangs starting to brush the top. She was into the granny chic look, with Peter Pan collars and lots of floral patterns and blouses, and she was smart enough not to have a BootyBook account. "Trina, you need to do damage control."

"How do I do that?" she demanded, wanting her glass refilled but unable to get off her couch and walk the three steps to her pseudo kitchen. It was really just a three-foot space in the corner outfitted with appliances better suited to a leprechaun family, but she didn't cook anyway. She had created a makeshift island in front of the row of cabinets and the minifridge out of an old dresser, and Samantha was leaning on it, having poured herself a fresh glass of wine.

Katrina removed her purple scarf from around her neck and threw it on the coffee table. It was too tempting to strangle herself with it. She had already gotten several emails from clients demanding an explanation, and the truth was, she didn't have one. No one was going to buy that she had been hacked. The information was too detailed, and it would serve no purpose for a hacker other than to humiliate her, and that generally speaking wasn't their MO. No, everyone was going to know it was her screwup and hers alone.

"Well, you need to issue a statement, both on your personal page and your professional page. I mean, it worked for Kristen Stewart, right? She apologized within hours and RPattz was hers again. She's not unemployed, either."

"I'm not sure it's the same thing. And they didn't end up together ultimately anyway." But Samantha was right. Katrina sighed. "I guess I should do that before I get drunk."

"Yeah, let's not compound the problem. We'll write the statement, post it, then we'll go out to dinner and try to pretend none of this happened. You can leave your phone at home."

It was a plan, though not much of one. Katrina was debating using the phrase "sincerely regret" versus "deeply sorry" as her phone continued to blow up. In the end, she went for "deeply regret an unfortunate technical error that caused private data to appear in a public forum." She went on to say the information seen was neither accurate nor factual in any way, but merely an opinion based on personal observations and that she apologized sincerely for any embarrassment caused.

Awful. Plain and simple. "I'm done. Shitty damage control, but there you have it. I'm a social media manager. That's my job. But I just proved that I can't manage my own. Great endorsement for my business. Fabulous."

Samantha sat down beside her. "It was up for about three minutes. Probably none of your clients even saw it. Plus look at the bright side. If you ever had a moment where you wanted a guy to truly know how you felt, you just got them all clumped together."

Katrina raised an eyebrow. "That is supposed to make me feel better how?"

"And you know, it could be like a public service announcement. All those guys who thought they were the shit in bed now know the score. Maybe they'll be more sensitive, maybe they'll ask for sexual directions. Maybe they'll discover why clitorises matter."

"So I set off a wave of men in New York checking their prowess and embarking on a sexual odyssey?" She snorted. "Yeah, I doubt it."

Her phone dinged for the nine thousandth time. She sighed and glanced at the screen. "Shit, it's Drew again."

"What did he say?"

Heart thumping at a rate more appropriate for a hummingbird, she unlocked her phone and tapped on the message.

Want to talk to you. Working tonight. Can you come up?

"Omigod, he wants me to meet him at the bar tonight. He's working, but he wants to talk to me. What do you think that means?"

"That he wants to talk to you."

Katrina threw back her wine, taking down half a glass in one swallow. "Yeah, but why? I mean, what is there to say?" Other than that she was a f**kup? That was a fact; it didn't need to be discussed.

"Maybe he wants to talk about his magnificent penis. Maybe he wants to show you his magnificent penis."

"What should I say?"

Samantha looked at her as if she was first idiot on the command bridge of the USS Moron. "That you'll meet him. Look, we're buzzed, you've been pining over him for years, I say you go for it. It can't possibly be even more embarrassing than it already is."

That remained to be seen, but she was just masochistic enough to want to know what Drew would say to her. "Okay, but I'm cutting myself off from wine then. No more alcohol or somehow I'll end up crying in front of him. You know I'm a teary drunk."

"Oh, yes, I do know that." Samantha studied her. "What is it about Drew anyway? I mean, he's cute and all, and I can see why he makes your lady parts flutter, but you wanted to legit date him, didn't you?"

She had. For a minute, she reflected, thinking back to her years as an undergrad, new to the big city, feeling very pedestrian next to fellow students from Hong Kong and Hollywood and Istanbul. Students who were valedictorians, overachievers, with awesome style and raging confidence. She'd just been Trina, an A-minus student from the burbs with no particular skill but a drive to make something happen for herself. Drew was one of the first classmates she had felt completely comfortable around. He wasn't pretentious, or arrogant, and he had listened to her.

Many late nights had been spent in her dorm room on her bed, their legs stretched out, listening to music and talking about everything from childhood memories to how to pull off the ultimate catfish. It was a lot of little things and it was one big thing.

"When my father had a heart attack, everyone was all 'oh, I'm sorry,'" she told Samantha, whom she'd actually met the semester after that. "But Drew skipped class and went home with me on the train. He let me cry until I fell asleep on his shoulder, and he went to the hospital with me." She swirled the wine remaining in her glass and stared at it, a lump in her throat. "That's why I always feel like he's the one who got away. He's a good guy and we had a deep friendship."

"Then you definitely need to see him. Even if it never becomes a relationship, you should try to reclaim your friendship."

"You're right." Katrina tapped out a response. Sure. Be there around eleven.

Cool. :)

The smiley made her feel better. He couldn't be super pissed if he was using positive emoticons. What it meant beyond that, she had no clue, but she was only going to allow herself one minute to think it was that he wanted to repeat that magnificent penis performance.

She set the timer on her phone.

"What the hell are you doing?"

"I'm giving myself exactly sixty seconds to fantasize that Drew wants to be with me." She closed her eyes and remembered the sensation of his mouth on hers, kissing her with passion and intensity. By the time she got to his lips trailing down over her br**sts and to her girl bits, the phone alarm squawked.

She opened her eyes. "Okay, I'm good."

Samantha pushed up her glasses. "You're a freak."

"Truth."

Chapter Two

Katrina stood outside the Plaid Kimono, yet another of Brooklyn's fusion hipster bars that sprung up like weeds, and took a deep breath. She'd never been inside because she'd known since it opened about nine months earlier that Drew was a bartender there, and she hadn't wanted to run into him. She and Samantha followed a group of guys in skinny jeans and cardigans inside and paused to look around.

Yep. It was exactly what she was expecting. Pub atmosphere, a dark and dim interior, expensive modern decor with a slight hint of Asian influence. There was a band playing at the very far end of the room and there was a plethora of flannel and beanies everywhere she looked. The servers were wearing kilts.

The thought of Drew in a kilt made her secretly just a little bit aroused. Okay, that was a lie. A lot aroused.

"There he is," Samantha said, pointing. "He's at the far end of the bar."

"Don't point!" she hissed at her friend, grabbing her finger. "That's so obvious. Just be casual." The wine was wearing off and she was nervous as hell.

"This isn't like an accidental meeting. He knows you're coming." Samantha rolled her eyes and started toward the bar, weaving through the crowd.

There were no stools free, of course, because there were never any tables or chairs available anywhere. New York was crowded. It was something that still surprised Katrina sometimes even after six years of living there. So she tried to artfully lean on the three inches of bar top accessible between two groups of friends. Watching Drew move around behind the bar, shaking and mixing and washing, she fought the urge to sigh.

Back in the day, before the sex, she had spent a lot of time with Drew, hanging out in her dorm room or his, going to concerts, lying in the sun in Washington Square, and studying in the coffee shop. Seeing him, his head bent over as he rinsed glassware, made her realize how much she had missed him. Her heart squeezed.

Then she saw he was wearing a kilt, his muscular calves showing, and it was her vagina doing the squeezing. Holy amazeballs.

Was she drooling? She wiped the corner of her mouth, sure there was going to be saliva there.

Which was precisely when he looked up and saw her.

Their eyes met and held and he gave her a grin and a nod of acknowledgment. Moving down the bar toward her, he leaned forward and said, "Hi, Trina. Thanks for coming."

Coming? She wished.

"Sure. Listen, Drew, I'm really sorry about the whole post. God, it was just so stupid and awful and this day has been hell. Just hell." She felt her cheeks heat with an embarrassed blush.

He gave her a rueful look. "How does that even happen? Seriously."

"I have no idea. All I know is that I single-handedly pissed off every guy I've ever dated and my mother has called me six times and left me a message suggesting I get STD testing." She propped her head up with her palm and shook her head. "My mother thinks I'm a whore, I probably just ruined my business, and it's possible than an actual sex tape would have been less mortifying."

"Next weekend you can make a sex tape. You should have goals, you know."

She gave him a long look. "Really? Thanks."

He cracked a laugh. "Come on, it's funny, you have to admit. But then again, you gave me a high ranking, so I have no complaints. You basically gave me an endorsement. Think of how much action I can get now."

Lovely. Just what she didn't want to imagine-him with a bevy of women wanting to test-drive his penis. "Excellent. I should charge you an advertising fee."

Drew grinned. "How about I just get you a drink. What do you want?"

Him. "Pinot grigio." One glass wouldn't kill her.

He nodded and looked behind her. "Hey, Samantha. What can I get you?"

"I'll have the same thing."

"Coming right up." He moved away and Katrina watched his plaid ass saunter off.

She didn't feel better. Granted, she was relieved he wasn't mad at her, but shouldn't he be more...something? More curious? Instead he was just Mr. Casual. As if they hadn't basically stopped speaking to each other for a year.

"He seems quite pleased with himself," Samantha commented. "He just got the ego stroke of a lifetime."

"It would seem." She wasn't exactly happy about it, either. He thought it was funny. Entertaining. She'd said she was in love with him and that seemed to have had zero effect on him. Fabulous.

When he came back with their wine, she was wondering why the hell she was in the noisy bar, getting pressed from all sides by purses and bodies angling for more space. Feeling exhausted and suddenly angry, she asked, "So, what did you want to talk about?"

"I don't want to get into it here. I'm done in half an hour. Can you hang out? We can go to my place."

Was that a trick question? She searched his face for clues as to what that meant, but he just looked serious. There was no telling if it was a good serious or a bad serious. Taking a sip of her wine to stall, she swallowed and licked her lips. "I'm with Samantha."

For a second she thought he looked disappointed, but maybe that was a delusion.

"Don't worry about me. I'm going to grab a cab home soon. I have to work tomorrow." Samantha gave her a smile. "Have fun."

"Cool. Okay, let me get back to work."

Katrina made a face at his retreating back. "What the hell does he want?" she asked Samantha. "I feel super stressed out. I'm sweating."

But Samantha was looking at her cell screen. "OMG, look at this. I just got sent a suggestion to like a page called Drew's Magnificent Penis Fan Page." She showed Katrina the request.

"Oh, shit." She groaned. "He's going to kill me."

"Maybe he started it."

Now that would be ridiculous. They both burst out laughing.

"I'm sending you this," Samantha said. "Look at the profile pic. It's a cartoon penis. This is awesome."

Katrina studied it, not nearly as amused as Samantha was. But even she had to admit that someone was creative. "The 'About Me' section says, 'Looking for a lady locker to store my valuables. Have a license to kill memories of bad sex.' Favorite song 'Up All Night.' Inspirational quote is 'To handle yourself, use your head...,' Eleanor Roosevelt." Katrina looked up at Samantha. "Oh my God. Who do you think did this?"

"It had to be Jason. That has him written all over it."

Katrina jumped when a hand slid across her lower back. Turning, prepared to tell off a douchebag, she closed her mouth when she realized it was Drew. "Oh, you scared me."

"What are you two giggling about? Funny animal pics?"

"No." Samantha held her phone up for him to see.

Drew's lips moved and Katrina's heart sank.

He didn't look furious. He looked irritated, but not bust-up-furniture angry. "Who the hell did this?"

"I have no idea. It was a suggested page for me."

Drew pulled out his own phone and he snorted. "Jason is a dick."

"Ironic choice of slurs," Samantha said.

Drew shot her a look. "He sent me a text taking credit." He shook his head. "Let's head out. And thanks, Trina, for making my Thursday a little more interesting."

"You're welcome. I think mine would be classified more as suck than interesting, but glad to be of service."

Drew waited for them to go in front of him, his hand once again resting on Katrina's back and staying there the whole way to the front door. She wondered what that was all about, and tried to remember if he had touched her like that BS. Before Sex. She couldn't think of any time he had, but she felt like a neurotic 420 smoker yelling "What does it mean?" at a double rainbow. She was overthinking the hell out of everything.

Samantha gave her a wink as she hopped in a cab out on the street. Katrina waved, breathing in the warm night air. "God, it's gorgeous out. It was so hot today."

"I see the advantage of wearing a skirt," Drew said as they started down the sidewalk. "I thought I would hate this kilt, but I dig the circulation."

"It's a good look for you."

He smiled at her and something about the look on his face made her suck in a breath.

"Trina, I never meant for us to stop being friends. You know that, right?"

She nodded, a lump lodging in her throat. "Yeah, I know. I didn't mean for that to happen either. Or I never would have..." But she stopped talking, because she wondered if she had the option of giving back that one night, would she. Because even though she missed Drew's friendship, the truth was, it had been becoming painful to be around him, knowing her feelings went way beyond friendship. Not knowing how to tell him. At least the sex had kept her from endlessly hoping they could be a couple. That dream had been shattered instantly in the aftermath of sex.

"You never would have had sex with me?" he asked, crossing his arms over his chest as they walked.

Awkward. "It obviously wasn't planned, and I know I didn't handle things well."

"Sex happens. But it doesn't mean we should let it ruin our friendship. I miss you."

Oh, God, oh, God, he missed her and she was going to melt. Just puddle right at his feet. "I've missed you, too. I know we can't go backward, but I want what we had before we got naked."

"You mean, before my magnificent penis?"

Katrina made a sound of disgust. "You don't have to sound so smug about it. You should be just a little embarrassed that everyone we know now knows we had sex."

"Why would I be embarrassed? It's not like you're a troll."

Huh. This conversation was not going the way she'd hoped. "Don't flatter me so."

But then he surprised her by taking her hand and pulling her to a stop. He pulled her in close to him. "Hey, come here."

"What?" She could feel the blush starting in her cheeks again and she wondered when she was finally going to be old enough to stop blushing. It was like acne-it just shouldn't happen past middle school.

"It was a great night, you have to admit."

"I think I did. Quite publicly." It was distracting to be so close to him, his kilt brushing against her, his fingers entwined with hers. But it was good to hear him say he'd enjoyed it, too.

"And you're beautiful." He tucked her hair behind her ear.

The love she felt for him, that she'd been attempting to suppress with mixed success, came rushing back to the surface. "Thanks," she whispered.

"Now can you please tell me why I only got a five out of ten for the good dresser category? That was brutal. I may need therapy."

Way to ruin the moment. She rolled her eyes. "You have exactly two pairs of jeans and enough plaid to represent every clan in Scotland. I had to ding you somewhere or the app would have recommended I see you again."

She wasn't trying to be suggestive. She really wasn't. But the words just sort of hung in the air between them for a long, painful pause and she refused to be the one to speak first, because she would apologize or embarrass herself by sounding needy.

Finally, Drew said, "But an eight out of ten for kissing? I don't know. I thought we had a ten going on."

Interesting. And arousing. Katrina tried to play it cool, which was hard to do when her entire sexual history had been posted online and when he was wearing a kilt. But she gave it her best shot. "You misread. It was definitely listed as a ten."

"Let's find out for sure," he said.

Then he closed the gap between them and kissed her.

Chapter Three

Drew knew full well Trina had listed their kiss as a ten. He'd taken a screenshot of his entry in her little BootyBook post before she'd taken it down. It was a good thing he got alerts on his phone or he might not have seen it before she yanked it, but it had so clearly been a mistake that he'd known it would disappear as soon as she realized it. He'd wanted the opportunity to read what she'd written about him a little more closely.

Which he had. Repeatedly. The kiss had been listed as a ten, but claiming it was only an eight was as good of an excuse as any to get his mouth on hers again. That night, the one and only time he'd been that close to her, he'd been drunk on vodka, and he wanted to repeat the experience sober. See if it was really as amazing as he remembered.

Trina was short, with lush lips, bangin' curves and soulful dark eyes that widened when she realized what he was about to do. Her mouth drifted open and she went up on her tiptoes. Clearly she wasn't going to stop him. In fact, her body leaned toward him, and when he dropped his head and covered her lips with his, she gave a little sigh of pleasure that kicked him in the gut and groin.

Damn.

She tasted like wine and willingness and it took him about two seconds to decide he wasn't going to leave it at a teasing kiss. Not the way she was responding, not the way she felt. He teased his tongue inside to slide across hers, and was forced to grip the back of her head to hold them steady when she rocked against him. A simple kiss became full-on making out, mouths moving eagerly, tongues tangling, breath anxious as they tasted each other. Her fingers squeezed his waist and he realized that, without a shadow of a doubt, the kissing was definitely as hot as he remembered it being.

Vodka hadn't conned him.

Maybe it was because he knew her so well as a person or maybe it was just the unexplainable randomness of chemistry, but they could write a make-out manual, they were so in tune with each other.

Finally she broke off the kiss, gasping for air, staring up at him as though she wasn't sure what to say.

"Ten?" he asked, curious what she would say. Hell, maybe she had been still drunk when she'd updated her BootyBook post-sex. Maybe she wasn't feeling it this time around, and he was projecting his own desire onto her or some such crap like that. Though he would bet his favorite guitar she had. He just wanted to hear her say it.

"I'm not sure your ego needs any more stroking today."

He could think of something better than his ego he could stroke, but he wasn't about to push his luck. He'd f**ked up last time. He'd rushed off out of her apartment before she'd been awake because he hadn't known what to say. It had been a dick move. A complete and total dick move that he still couldn't think back on without mentally wincing.

But he hadn't expected it to go down the way it had. Hadn't expected her to be willing to get naked with him. They'd been friends, just friends, for so long, he'd never seen it coming. He'd always known he wasn't good enough for her, the struggling sometimes-musician, mostly bartender, and it had felt wrong to take advantage of her drunkenness. But he'd done it anyway.

It had ruined their friendship. She'd been weird, he'd been embarrassed and plagued with guilt. Unable to see her without picturing her naked and fantasizing about his c**k buried inside her. So there it went. A four-year friendship straight down the crapper because he couldn't keep it in his jeans when slinging back vodka. So lame. Utterly ass**le lame.

But now he'd been presented with new information that was so amazing, so pleasing, so fantastic, he hadn't been able to think about a single other thing all goddamn day. He was going to make this work for him, whether her post about him had been exaggerated or not compliments of vodka-tinted goggles.

"Not all the attention has been positive," he told her. "I got two angry texts today from girls asking why I hadn't been that awesome with them." There was nothing like being called on the mat about why you apparently devoted more time to o**l s*x with someone else than you did with them. There was no delicate way to say that women were like mushrooms to him. He liked the taste of some and others he did not. It wasn't personal. Some people loved chanterelles, he preferred shiitake.

Trina had been shiitake.

"Really? Sorry." She frowned, as though she wasn't sure what he meant by that.

He shrugged. "But I also got a fan page devoted to my penis, so I'd say it's a fair trade."

She rolled her eyes. "Where are we going, by the way? If we stand here any longer, we're going to get mugged."

"This is a safe neighborhood." But he started walking, wondering if she would think it was weird if he took her hand. Yeah. That would be definitely weird. He opted out of being a creeper and crossed his arms again over his chest as they walked, the warm air muggy and heavy. "It's only two more blocks." He'd moved to this place after they had stopped talking to each other.

Trina fell in step beside him, but she sighed. "What are we doing, Drew? I'm sorry, but I have had a total shit day and I should probably be doing damage control for my business. I came out because you said you wanted to talk but I kind of have a headache and I can't handle any more stress."

He instantly felt bad. "I'm not trying to cause you stress. I'm trying to..." What was he trying to do? "Kiss you." That cleared everything right up. Not.

"You already did that."

So he had. What he really wanted was to know if she were at all receptive to the idea of her no longer needing BootyBook because the only guy she was going to be seeing was him. But he hadn't said that a year ago, before or after sex, and he couldn't just say it now. She'd run for the nearest bus stop and get the hell away from him. Then they'd at least been friends; now they were, well, estranged. He had to finesse the situation. "I want to give you a ten in every category."

Now she completely stopped walking all together and looked at him as though she was twelve and he was a forty-year-old stranger offering her candy and a ride to see his puppy. "What?" He had to laugh. "Why are you looking at me like that? I'm not trying to sell you the Brooklyn Bridge."

Reaching out, he took her hand after all, and tugged her so she started walking again. It felt good to touch her again. Back before he'd seen her naked, they had touched all the time. Hugs, hand-holding, piggyback rides, hair stroking, shoulder rubs. They'd been comfortable with each other and he hadn't understood how quickly that could change by leaping into sex without a conversation about it first.

"So you want to practice how to achieve the overall perfect dating score? I think that is probably statistically impossible for any man or woman." She squeezed his hand. "Don't stress out about it. Plenty of girls will be absolutely thrilled to go out with you and I'm sure every chick who saw my post will be calling you."

That gave him pause. Was that what she wanted? Him to date a parade of women she was friends with? "What are you doing this weekend?" he asked, directly avoiding addressing what she said.

"I'm going to eat ice cream, drink wine, answer texts from angry men who now hate me, try to avoid my mother, and pray that my clients don't all walk. So really, with all that going on, I shouldn't stay out too late. I should head back soon."

They were in front of his building. Initially his thought had been to go from bar to kiss to bed with her, because when he'd seen her summary of dates with other men, he'd gotten jealous. No doubt about it. A hot wave of caveman possessiveness had washed over him and he'd wanted to whisk her off to his lair and stake a claim with his mouth and his cock. Show her that while Dirk may have been "fun, strong, and with an adorable pink penis," he was even better for her. He wasn't sure why he was better, he just was.

Wait. Because he wanted her more. That was it. He knew her. They were friends.

But then he'd realized he needed to play this right, smooth. Not just drag her off and nail her. "I'm sorry, I shouldn't have asked you to come out tonight. Let me take you home."

She stared up at him, her mouth opening to speak, then closing again.

"Can I see you tomorrow? I want to take you to dinner and then maybe swing dancing. I know how much you love that."

Now her eyebrows shot up. "You would go dancing with me? Mr. Cool Indie Musician?"

That made him frown. Is that how she saw him? Self-important? "I'm walking around wearing a kilt, Trina. I don't give a shit what people think of me. If you like dancing, I'll go dancing with you. Though for a dude who can play the guitar, I don't have a ton of rhythm."

"I think your rhythm is just fine," she said, voice husky, her tongue slipping out to moisten her lower lip.

Damn. She wasn't talking about dancing. Drew rethought the plan of sending her home. Maybe dragging her to his bed wasn't such a bad idea after all. "Sometimes my moves are all right," he murmured, tucking her hair behind her ear. She had thick hair that had been every color of the rainbow in the years he'd known her. Right now though, it was very close to her natural color, a honey oak, with some strands darker, others lighter. "Do you want to come up or do you want me to get you a cab?"

* * *

Again with the trick questions. Katrina had no clue what was going on in Drew's head. None of what was happening made any sense. She was standing on a sidewalk in front of his apartment and she couldn't tell if he was asking her to come up and check out his vinyl collection or come up and smoosh their bodies together.

It was tempting to find out, but honestly she wasn't sure she was prepared for either. But at the same time, if she just went home, she'd be up half the night wondering which one it would have been. The internal debate raged on and on as he waited for an answer and she started to panic because in either direction lay madness.

Her phone's insistently buzzing in her hand brought her melodrama to heel. "What time is it anyway?" she asked, using that as an excuse to check her screen. "It's midnight." Which changed absolutely and utterly nothing. But she did see she had seventeen texts. That was a new hourly record for when she wasn't actually engaged in a conversation. Those were all just for her, awaiting response. Yay.

"Lots of messages?" he asked, gesturing to her phone.

"Yeah, um, there has been something of a negative response to some of my comments. Imagine that."

Drew gestured to his apartment. "Come on. I'll make you an iced coffee and I'll help you draft responses."

She laughed. "Oh, now there's a great idea. What would you say to this?" She held out a text from Bryan for him to read.

"I'm going to sue you for slander," Drew read. He looked up, alarmed. "Can he do that?"

"I don't know. Everything I said was true. He stole my change when I gave him a twenty for my half of the bill. So what would you say back to him?"

"That he's too cheap to pay for a lawyer so you're not worried. Damn, what a tool." Drew's expression was earnest, caring, sexy. "You deserve a hell of a lot better than that."

Yeah, she wasn't going home. She'd never been able to resist that face with its perennial five o'clock shadow, dimples, and pale blue eyes. She wanted to dip her tongue into that dimple, then ravage him. "I know. That's why I never went out with him again. That's why I used BootyBook, you know. Not to judge or vilify men. I use it remind myself that I do not want to answer 'hey baby' texts from the guy who asked me to smell his feet on our first date. Or the guy who, while a lot of fun and super good-looking, can't have a single conversation without mentioning another woman he finds attractive."

"Why would you need reminding? You should just delete all their numbers immediately."

"I never delete numbers. Each one is a cautionary tale." Katrina went through the door Drew held open for her. "Besides, it feels rude to be like 'who is this?' which is what happens if you delete a contact and then they text you."

"Who cares? That's it. We're deleting every guy who's ever been a dick to you."

"No!" For some reason that felt threatening to her. As if she were erasing possibilities. Or more like wiping out any time she'd ever felt hope. It was depressing.

"Are you going to see any of them again?"

"No." But she knew that wasn't necessarily true. She was the type who couldn't say no. If she were bored, feeling fat, lonely, or depressed, if any of those douchebags asked to hang out, she might be vulnerable any given Friday night to say yes. Except for Bryan. He could suck it. But Dirk? Well, how horny was she? Just being honest with herself. But the days of being honest with Drew were over. She couldn't share any of that with him.

Was that what sex did? Destroy the ability to speak freely? Now there was a sobering and flat-out awful thought. "What floor are you on?" she asked.

"Third."

They jogged upstairs, Katrina wishing both that she had greater lung capacity and that Drew were in front of her so she could see his calves in his kilt. Not to objectify him or anything.

"Then why do you care if we delete them?"

He was back to that. Damn it. "Are you going to delete the two chicks who complained?"

Nothing. She turned around and saw he was checking out her ass. Hey, now. Was she giving a good ass impression or was he wondering how she managed to keep from toppling over backward because of its heftiness? He lifted his eyes. Good ass impression, definitely. He looked as though he wanted to bend her over the stairwell and take her right there.

Wow. "Please tell me you have central air" She was feeling overheated. Hot. Downright on fire.

"Are you kidding? Of course not. I have a window unit in my bedroom."

Fabulous. "You never answered the question."

"There was a question?"

She hit the landing on the third floor and paused, not sure which door to proceed to. Suddenly he was right behind her, hands sliding down her arms, lips close to her ear.

"Whatever the question is, you're the answer," he murmured.

Granted, it turned the heat in her panties up a bit, she couldn't lie. But no. Just no. "That line is a two," she told him. "I'm docking you in the sincerity category."

"What?" he protested. "I was totally sincere. And I didn't realize I'm on the clock already. I thought we were starting the quest for a perfect ten tomorrow."

"Only men with massive quantities of chest hair say things like that, and they really shouldn't. And you invited me up, so that means I'm free to gather information."

"Romantic recon?" Drew pulled his key out of the bag thing hanging in front of his junk and opened the door to his apartment.

"You're the one who wanted a do-over. Though I'm not exactly sure of what."

"I didn't say a do-over. That implies failure. We had a great night together. You agreed we did. You can't take that back now." He held the door open for her, giving her a cocky grin.

She was getting a little tired of him having the upper hand in this situation. As she moved past him she reached out and cupped the man purse strapped around his waist. She knew there was a name for it and that it was part of the kilt, but she didn't know what it was called. "Don't wear this tomorrow. You need to have a beard and be able to throw a log to pull this off."

"It's my work uniform," he said, his teeth gritted. "Not my clothing of choice."

"I bet you sit around the apartment in this. It is really freaking hot in here." Katrina peeled off her short-sleeved sweater. "The kilt keeps you cool down there."

"Mostly I sit around my apartment naked."

"You do not."

He raised his eyebrows.

Oh. My. There was a visual. "I feel weird sitting on your couch now."

Drew cracked a laugh. "You don't have to take your clothes off to sit on it. Unless you really want to. I won't object."

"Nice." She rolled her eyes. "See, suggestive comments under the guise of teasing causes you to lose points."

"What?" Drew held out his hands. "For real? Shit. You're tough."

Katrina wasn't sure if she was having fun or not. She was pretty sure she was, because it felt good to tease and laugh with Drew. But at the same time, she wasn't sure what his end goal was. Sex, presumably, but for what purpose? Just to prove he was the BootyBook champion? Maybe he was genuinely attracted to her? Because he wanted to sleep with her repeatedly?

She had no idea.

When he sat down on the couch and patted the seat next to him, she decided she didn't care.

Chapter Four

Katrina sat next to him and pushed her hair back off her forehead. "So how have you been? Seriously."

"Fine. Little lonely." His hand landed on her knee.

Since she was wearing a skirt, that meant he was touching bare skin. "You haven't been dating anyone?" She knew he wasn't, or if so, it wasn't serious, because she hadn't seen any smiling couple pictures on his social media of him and someone she would have to hate on principle.

He shook his head, his thumb stroking over her flesh, softly, gently. He had calluses from playing the guitar, but she didn't mind. It just made her more aware of him, a slow tingling starting inside her. "Nope. The magnificent penis has not been out to play in a while."

"You haven't had sex?" She found that hard to believe.

"Just once since we did, and that was only because I was going to punch someone if I didn't release some of that tension."

Oh, my. That was interesting. It could mean any number of things. It was satisfying to know he hadn't been sticking it anywhere there was an opening, but at the same time, it meant he had to be uber-horny and everything he was saying and doing was colored by that. It also meant there was no doubt what he wanted to do.

"I'm sorry to hear that," she said.

But he just shrugged. "It was my choice. It wasn't like I didn't have opportunities. Plenty of those. It just didn't seem...right."

"No?" Her ni**les had hardened and without even realizing it, her knees had shifted slightly apart.

"I was waiting for something."

"What's that?"

He gave her a little smile. "You."

Oh, no he didn't. She felt everything in her sigh in a big heartfelt girl gush of emotion. She was so going down on him for that. But she wasn't going to give in that easily. "Yet I haven't heard a word from you in eleven months. And liking a status or a picture doesn't count as communication."

"That doesn't mean I wasn't thinking about you."

She was a tough sell. "But if I hadn't screwed up and advertised my ridiculous love life, you would have never texted me."

"I can't say if I would have or not. Doesn't mean I didn't want to, though. And when opportunity presented itself, I jumped at it." His hand had inched up under her skirt, officially in the "we have passed friends yet again" territory. "I'll never forget looking down at your hair spilling all over the pillow and thinking how lucky I was. Who wants a random hookup after that?"

Sold. She was sold. "Dial it back, Mr. Jordan," she said, but her voice sounded a little breathless even to her own ears. "That's overkill."

His hand went to the back of her head and he massaged his fingers through her hair. "No, it's not. You chicks all say you want romance, and then when we bust it out, you roll your eyes."

He had a point. "It makes me feel uncomfortable, because I feel like it can't be legitimate." So maybe she could be honest with Drew after all. It was surprising how easy it was to fall back into the friendship with him, as if a year hadn't gone by.

"If it wasn't legitimate, I wouldn't say it. Learn to take a compliment."

"So why haven't I heard from you?" That was really the sticking point here. Because he was definitely saying that despite what she'd thought, his reaction to their night together had been positive. He hadn't woken up horrified and wanting an undo button.

"Trina, just kiss me."

She should push for an answer. She should seek immediate clarification of What This Was and Where They Were Going.

Instead she leaned forward and met his mouth with hers. It was even better than it was on the sidewalk because this time there was no hesitation on either of their parts. It was all hot, tangled tongues, excited sighs, and shifting on the couch to press bodies together. Drew reached a hand back behind his head and yanked his T-shirt off.

"It's hot in here."

Yes. Yes, it was. Katrina ran her hands over his bare chest, enjoying the definition and firmness of his pecs. Someone had been doing more than strumming chords in recent months. "You feel very nice," she told him as his tongue dipped into her ear, setting off a chain reaction of shivering from ear to ni**les to inner thighs.

"Right back at ya." His hand cupped her breast through her tank top. "Can I take this off?"

The sooner the better. So she gave her answer by pulling it over her head and tossing it on his coffee table.

"Hey. I wanted to do that."

Right. Suddenly Mr. Romance. "I left the bra for you. See what you can do with that." But first, she wanted to kiss him again. He tasted so good. Like a dessert she hadn't indulged in for a year. He scent was familiar, the feel of his hands over her ni**les not. That first night had been all hot desperation and alcohol buzz. This was so real it felt surreal. She was acutely aware of every inch of him, every sound he made, every brush of his skin against hers.

Drew pushed her back until she was lying on the couch and he was over her, hands on either side of her, erection pressed firmly up against her thigh. It was a piece of cake to infiltrate his kilt from behind and she understood why men were so excited by the sight of a skirt. There was no boundary there. Boom. She was under and squeezing his ass cheeks. Even though he was wearing tight briefs, it was still a hell of a turn-on.

"Two can play that game," he said, his hand disappearing under her skirt.

And landing right between her thighs with ease, his thumb circling right over her clit. Whoever had invented the skirt deserved a pat on the back. Had someone actually invented the skirt? Did it have an origin? Katrina decided she didn't give a shit when Drew's finger slipped inside her panties.

She moaned. She didn't mean to. Moaning seemed a bit premature and showy, but it just spilled out before she could prevent it. He smiled down at her before giving her a deep, fervent kiss. Squeezing his butt harder, she raised her hips to meet his touch as he stroked inside her.

But just when she got going he pulled away, and her hands fell off his ass. So disappointing. But before she could complain or beg for him to touch her again, he started to kiss down the front of her, mouth trailing over her neck, pausing to brush over the curves of her breast, and then on down lower. Oh, yeah. She saw where this was going. She'd forgive him for his finger disappearing. His tongue dipped into her belly button, then he lifted his head, and lifted her skirt.

He got her panties down one-handed. Impressive.

Then he was doing things with his tongue that had her eyes rolling back in her head, and her reaching to hold on to something. She found his hair and gripped it.

"Drew," she breathed when he found a rhythm that had her panting and squirming on his couch.

He paused. "Yes?" His breath tickled across her sensitive flesh.

She hadn't meant for him to stop. It was just a general call of encouragement. "Nothing. Well, actually, that feels really good. Like, amazing good."

* * *

Drew couldn't believe he was here, again, with Trina. He hadn't expected to have another shot at it, and he hadn't really meant to get her naked tonight. He wanted the opportunity to show her what they could have, and he didn't mean just sex. But then she had been staring at him so intently and it had been so easy to slip a hand under her skirt.

Next thing he knew he was making a meal out of her, listening to her soft moans of enthusiasm drift over him, urging him on. But he decided he was going to make her come and leave it there for the night. Show a little self-restraint, even if it was a bit after the fact. What could show her more clearly that he intended to do it right this time than taking her home after giving her an orgasm?

When he gently sucked on her clit, then slipped his tongue lower again, she broke, calling his name tightly in a way that made his c**k throb and his muscles tense. Yeah, he had to admit, he felt a wave of pride. That had been less than five minutes. Maybe he wasn't the only one who'd been living the celibate life. Trina's post with those details about other guys had been taken down before he could look, and he was glad. He didn't want to know what she'd been doing and with who. He didn't expect that she had been pining for him, but he'd just as soon not have any details.

When she quieted down, her grip on his head relaxing and her breathing slowing, he pulled away and kissed the inside of her thigh. "How was that?" he asked, feeling pleased and lazy all at the same time. As though now that he knew where he was going, he was in no particular hurry to get there.

"So good," she murmured.

Raising up on his hands, he gave her a smile before sliding her panties back in place.

She frowned in confusion. "But..."

"But what?" He smoothed her skirt back down over her thighs. Shifting on the couch, he moved up so he could kiss that grumpy expression away. She hesitated for a second, but then she kissed him eagerly, her calf locking over his. But when her fingers reached for him, trying to stroke over his erection, he broke off. He wanted to wait and he wasn't going to be able to if she got her hands on him.

She didn't say anything. She just lay there, her br**sts spilling over the top of her bra, her chest flushed pink from wine and arousal. Those full lips he loved so much were pulling a pout. "We're supposed to be answering your many men," he told her.

"I'm not sure there is anything to say. I apologized for accidentally making it public, because seriously, my intention was never to embarrass anyone, but I'm not sure I need to apologize for telling the truth. Samantha says it could set off a wave of male self-improvement."

He somehow doubted that. Men didn't react well to being shamed. Hell, women didn't either. Even when people knew they were being asses, they didn't want to be called out on it. "Then we're back to the delete-the-contacts thing." He wanted that to happen. Immediately, if not sooner. There was no reason for her to keep the numbers of guys who were tools and didn't treat her the way she deserved.

Of course, according to that logic, she should have deleted his number. Why the hell had he brought this up?

"Fine."

Fine? That was it?

Katrina just stared up at him, and suddenly he felt that maybe he didn't know all he needed to know. He couldn't read her eyes, or her expression. "Good girl." Drew sat up and pulled her with him. He kissed the side of her head. "We should get you home. You had a rough day."

"I did." She reached for her tank top and pulled it on. "Thanks for not being pissed off at me about the whole thing."

"I'm glad I texted you." He was. Very glad he'd finally pulled his head out of his ass. "What time should I get you tomorrow?" He reached for his own shirt.

"You're serious about that? You really want to go out?"

She looked so doubtful and adorable he wanted to laugh. "Yes. Now let's catch the train before you're rolling into bed at three a.m."

"You're walking me to the subway?"

"I'm walking you to your door," he said firmly. "It's late. I don't want you going home alone."

"I can just take a cab then."

"No. I'm taking you home." It wasn't negotiable. He pulled his shirt on.

"I can take care of myself."

Trina was intelligent, driven, and way ahead of him in terms of her career and ambitions. She was also adorable, petite, and maybe a touch naive. All qualities he loved about her, but hell to the no was he letting her take the subway home solo. "How many nights did I walk you to your dorm at school? If it were up to you, you would have strolled around the Village by yourself at all hours of the night. My escort service is back in effect."

"I can think of better services you can offer," she said drily.

He grinned. "Oh yeah? Just let me put on a pair of shorts and we can go." He wasn't wearing this kilt out just for the hell of it. "What service would that be?" he called, stepping the three feet to his room and pulling on a pair of basketball shorts under the kilt. When he turned, Trina was in the doorway watching. He dropped the kilt.

"I just clicked like on your Magnificent Penis Page," she told him, her phone in her hand.

He'd almost forgotten about that. The look on her face made his still-half-hard c**k swell. "So you're a fan?"

"You know I am, though the memory is getting a little fuzzy at this point." With that, she turned and walked away.

He followed, giving himself an adjustment as he went. His shorts felt too tight.

She was killing him and she knew it.

They talked about nothing in particular as they went outside into the warm night air and made their way to the subway station. Her arms were crossed over her chest, giving him no opportunity to take her hand, which he now decided he had every right to do. On the G train she yawned and leaned on his shoulder, so he put his arm around her.

This felt right. Friendship mixed with something more, a possible real relationship. He just hoped they were on the same page.

When she'd first moved to Greenpoint he'd been disappointed because it extended their commute if they wanted to hang out together. But now, he was grateful for the extra few minutes with her. At the door to her apartment she turned and smiled at him.

"Good night, Trina. I'll be here about seven, okay?"

She nodded, looking sleepy. "Cool. And thanks for rubbing one out for me."

Um. "You're welcome."

The door closed in his face.

Those weren't the words of a woman looking to be his girlfriend. He didn't think. Then he thought about the fact that the app she was using was called BootyBook. As in casual sex.

As in that's what he had been, and was.

Suddenly he didn't want a ten in her BootyBook log, he wanted the whole damn thing deleted off her phone.

Feeling frustrated, his balls decidedly blue, Drew went home.

Chapter Five

"You said what?" Samantha said, jaw dropping.

"I know, it's awful." Katrina put her hands over her face. "I didn't mean to say thanks for rubbing one out! It just appeared out of nowhere, like ninja words. I guess it was stress or something. It was all so overwhelming."

"Having a guy go down on you is overwhelming? If it's too much for you, I'll happily take your life." Samantha pushed up her glasses and shook her head.

They were sitting in a bagel shop, but Katrina was so disgusted with herself she couldn't eat. She was nursing a coffee and wondering why she didn't think before she clicked buttons on her phone or allowed words to leave her mouth. She was utterly unprepared for adulthood it seemed, even though the laptop in front of her with many, many emails indicated she still had a job, and the lack of money in her bank account proved she had adult-size bills. "It's just all so confusing. I tried to ask him what we were doing, but he just flirted with me."

And gave her an orgasm, but asked nothing in return, much to her disappointment. What had that been all about?

"I still can't believe he took me home. It was very... mature. None of this 'see ya later' with a wave as the door hits me in the butt when I leave like most guys post-sex. Of course, he didn't get any, so maybe this is all part of some elaborate chase."

"Why would he need to chase? You've already put out and you called him Grade A Awesome Sauce in your assessment, which he read. I don't think he feels like he needs to really work this one hard from every angle."

Good point. "So what does it mean?" Katrina chewed her hangnail and jumped when her phone buzzed on the table. She glanced at it, hoping it was Drew. Just James. Want to get together?

No. No, she did not.

"Maybe it means he likes you."

"That's ludicrous. He would just say that." Had he said that? "God, I don't even know. I just feel oddly manipulated."

"Which is ironic."

"What do you mean?" That made her feel more than a little defensive.

"You knew what you were doing when you and Drew went out after that art show. You wanted to sleep with him and you set it up so you did."

"That's called expressing interest in someone."

"How is this any different?"

"Because I don't know what he wants. Honestly, I think he's just trying to score a huge BootyBook endorsement so he can get ass."

Samantha gave her a look over her coffee mug rim as she lifted it to sip. "You don't really mean that."

She didn't want to mean that. She didn't think that was what he was doing. But after a night of tossing and turning and wondering why he hadn't really answered any of her questions as to what they were doing, now she was a bundle of neurotic girl doubt. It was awful. Suddenly she felt fourteen instead of twenty-four.

But whereas at fourteen she would have been hurt and done something as completely stupid as responding to James that she would go out with him in some vain attempt to make Drew jealous, she was not going to do that. Hell, what was she talking about? Fourteen? She'd done that a year ago.

"I honestly don't know what Drew is doing. But thanks for meeting me for coffee. Hearing how melodramatic I sound out loud is helping me rein it back in. Why am I expecting an answer before the question has been asked? Maybe I should just enjoy the fact that Drew and I are friends again."

"And you're getting o**l s*x, which is way more than I'm getting."

Katrina pushed her phone across the table. "You can have Dirk if you want. And James. I'm passing the wang, I mean the wand."

"You're donating your sexual leftovers to me?" Samantha threw a piece of her blueberry muffin at her. "I can get my own stable of men who shag me and don't call for three weeks, thank you very much. It doesn't require voodoo, just a vagina."

"You should copyright that-it's beautiful." Katrina grinned, popping the bite of muffin that had hit her in the boobs and tumbled to a rest on the fox on her sweater into her mouth.

"Trina, what does the fox say?"

"What?"

"Fuck you."

The muffin bite flew back out of her mouth as she let out an unattractive snort.

* * *

Drew ignored yet another penis joke from Jason and Samuel and concentrated on completing the set of squats he was doing. He was hot and sweaty and more determined than ever to both increase his muscle strength and win over Katrina that night. He'd read the screenshot of his entry, yet again, before meeting the guys at the gym for a workout, and while gratified that she had rated him high on all things sexual, and in conversation, she had dinged his clothes, his morning-after behavior, and his cuddling. Seriously. A cuddle rating. Who came up with that shit? Whoever had, it meant he had to cuddle her like a pro just to prove a point.

He'd also scored poorly for leaving a condom in her wastebasket (where was it supposed to go if not in the trash?) and for failing to use her name enough. So what he had learned was that he was a good lay, but far from the whole package.

Tonight she was getting the whole package.

"Did someone see an award-winning dick in here?" Jason asked, doing curls, wearing a shit-eating grin. "Because all I see is a pu**y doing some squats."

Drew rolled his eyes at his friend. "At least the fan page you created was witty. That was not."

"You know your fan page only has eleven likes," Samuel said, wiping his shaved head with his arm. "That's pretty weak, my friend."

Samuel was that kind of ridiculously pretty guy with the kind of coloring that made female panties just drop as he walked by. He was fit, his skin was a rich cafe au lait, and he had startling blue eyes. He was also independently wealthy, with ginormous financial support from his family in the Middle East, but despite all the advantages he'd been born with, he was a good guy, and usually not so annoying.

On the other hand, Jason was usually annoying, but Drew was used to it. They'd been friends for nearly a decade.

"So you've been checking out my penis page, huh? I bet you're ten of those eleven likes. You probably made up half a dozen identities just to stalk my penis online." Grunting a little as he finished his rep, he dropped his bar and stepped back. "Beat that, motherfuckers."

"You're obviously sexually frustrated," Jason said. "You never lift with that kind of intensity." His friend actually looked impressed.

"I am sexually frustrated. I took Katrina home with me last night and we didn't have sex."

Samuel dropped the weight he was holding, hard. "Why not? I thought you've been half in love with her since like junior year in college."

"Seriously," Jason added. "We had a bet going back in the day how long it would take you to figure it out. Clearly I am the winner because I said you'd be too stupid to ever recognize it."

"Thanks for the vote of confidence." Drew sat down on the nearest weight bench and propped his elbows on his thighs. "Maybe one of you ass**les could have mentioned it to me and I wouldn't have wasted two years."

"Mentioned what? If you're too stupid to figure out you're in love with someone, that's not my problem." Jason scratched his beard and shrugged.

"It's only hard until it's not," Samuel said.

"What kind of wisdom bullshit is that?" Jason asked.

Drew didn't get it either. "I'm going to take her out tonight and I'm going to finish what I started a year ago."

"That's what I mean," Samuel said. "Don't make it so hard. Just go for it. Trina's a good girl, you know? She's always the first one to throw someone a party, the first one to bring a bottle of wine, the first one to offer a hug. Lock her in, man."

"Unless you're afraid of rejection. She did say you dress like a lumberjack and dropped your jizz-filled condom in her trash."

"She never said lumberjack, and if not the wastebasket, where the hell is it supposed to go?" It wasn't as though he'd turned it upside down and shaken it all over her bed.

"Flush it, dude," Samuel said, as if it were pure insanity to do otherwise.

"And then when her toilet stops up, the night will really be sexy. Plus she'll get slapped with a maintenance fine from her landlord." Drew stood back up and shook his head. "You guys are killing my hard-on. I'm hitting the shower. I have a hot date tonight."

* * *

Drew was at her door at three minutes past seven. Katrina slipped on her strappy sandals that she couldn't afford but had bought anyway, and smoothed the front of her flare-skirt dress as she went for the door. She'd agonized over what to wear. It was August, hotter than hell, and she had no idea where Drew was planning to take her. So she had gone for summer fun, with a white halter dress with cherries all over it, very light and fresh, pinup-inspired, flirty, dressy enough but not too dressy. She hoped.

Odds were high he would be in jeans and a grungy band T-shirt, hair in his eyes.

But when she opened the door she realized she had been wrong. Very, very wrong. Holy hotness.

Drew was wearing a suit, a very trendy modern cut that showed his lean but muscular body. She felt her jaw going slack and her panties going damp. She hadn't seen him in a suit...ever. At graduation he'd worn khakis under his gown, and a plaid button-up shirt. He'd never looked quite so mature or polished. He looked as though he should be on the cover of Rolling Stone with a cigarette in his hand, smiling slyly while a headline declared him the new sexy voice in rock.

"Hi," she did manage to say. "You clean up nice."

He grinned. "I have my moments. No plaid in sight."

Holding the door open for him, she defaulted to teasing him, because it felt more comfortable. She was still feeling stunned and knocked off balance by how amazing he looked, and he didn't need to know that. "Maybe you're wearing plaid boxers."

But her strategy backfired. His hand dropped to his belt buckle. "Want to see?"

"No!" Yes.

Smiling, he leaned over and kissed her. "You look beautiful, Katrina. Tasty."

He hadn't called her Katrina in years. The fact that he did now unnerved her. What the hell was really happening between them? "I just need to get my purse. Or do you want a drink first?" Because maybe she did. Because maybe she needed a shot of tequila to calm her nerves right now.

Drew just shook his head. "I don't think I'm drinking tonight. I want to be fully aware of everything I do and say, and I want to remember every minute with you."

Hello. Who was this Don Juan Drew? She didn't know this guy. She knew the intensity he displayed when he was studying for exams, or when he'd been lost in the recording studio at school. Their final year he'd practically lived at the music lab on Mercer Street. But he'd never been all that intense with girls, not that she had seen. Unlike some of her other guy friends, Drew had never gone off the deep end over a girl before, during or after a relationship, that she witnessed.

This was a side of him she didn't recognize, that he'd clearly been cultivating since graduation

She didn't know what to say to something like that. Men she knew just didn't speak to her that way. Most were either super-sexual in what they said or were so terrified their words would be misconstrued as a quest for a relationship that they were vague to the point of rude. It made her realize she'd been allowing men to treat her with something less than respect, though Drew never had. Men she'd been dating, if that was what you could call it.

"That's probably a good dating strategy," she told him, going for a light and teasing attitude. "I'm pretty sure every legit dating book or blog ever tells you not to drink when you're just getting to know someone. I should apply that theory more often."

"We're not just getting to know each other." His hand was in his pocket. "I just don't want my senses dulled. I want to feel you."

Oh, my. Without meaning to, Katrina swallowed nervously. She picked her clutch purse up and fluffed her hair with the other hand. "So where are we going?"

"There's a new upscale pizzeria that serves an amazing crostini with pistachio pesto. Is that okay?"

White dress. Sauces. It was probably a disaster waiting to happen, but she was pretty damn sure she would Dumpster dive with Drew if it meant she got to spend time with him. "I do love a good pesto sauce. I wore flat sandals so if we're walking I'm good."

"Remember in the Village you used to say you were going to buy a pink Cadillac online and just live in it once you found a parking spot?"

She laughed. "I honestly don't think there is a parking spot in all of Manhattan big enough to accommodate a Cadi. Especially not the way I parallel park. But it was a fun fantasy."

"And I wanted an Airstream so we could haul it on the back of your Cadi to Graceland and Nashville and then the mountains." He went out into the hall, a smile on his face as she locked the door behind her. "We had some plans, didn't we? I still have a sketch of the tattoo I wanted to get. A sugar skull with Elvis hair."

"I remember that sketch!" Trina laughed. "You never got it? Maybe that's a good thing."

"Hey. Don't be hating on the King."

"I'm not hating on the King, just the idea of mashing Elvis with a Day of the Dead face. It seems a little bit like a bad omen to me." The hot air hit them the minute they stepped outside and Katrina blinked against the sun, wishing she'd brought her sunglasses. "Oh, jeez, you're going to be boiling in that suit."

"I am pretty hot."

She laughed. "Modest, too. So how's the music going?"

They chatted as they walked, comfortable with each other, falling into old patterns of conversation as though there hadn't been a gap of a year. He told her about his latest gigs with his band, some good, some not so much. He talked about recording a demo and their lack of success in really making social media work for his band.

"Well, that's my area of expertise. Maybe I can help you guys out."

"How is everything going with your business?" he asked.

"Okay. It was better on Thursday than it is today. I did have two clients walk today after the whole BootyBook debacle." Even though she had been upset to lose her clients, she had been prepared for it and in a way was relieved the worst was probably over. She was geared up to regroup and move forward. "I'll just have to work harder and pick up some new clients. It could have been a hell of a lot worse."

"I'm sorry. That really sucks. But you're a savvy businesswoman. I know you'll recover and be in an even better position. And you might want to delete BootyBook, or just use it on your laptop, not your phone."

"Trust me, I will be using the website to log in, not the app. Less chance for a repeat problem. I have learned my lesson." She glanced up at him. "But seriously, if you can trust me not to totally screw it up, I can help your band. We can launch a media campaign."

"I doubt I can afford you," he said with a smile.

"I wouldn't charge you."

"I couldn't take up your time like that."

She was about to protest, but he took her hand, startling her into speechlessness.

"We're here." He held open the door for her, and he dropped her hand.

Katrina felt disappointed. She'd only gotten a five-second hand-hold. It had felt nice to be strolling down the sidewalk with him, looking like a real couple. Which immediately struck her as potentially problematic if she was enjoying the idea of being his girlfriend, at least in the eyes of everyone around them.

She hadn't learned a damn thing. She was still in the role of friendship, yet fantasizing about being more to Drew.

That knowledge wasn't going to stop her from sleeping with him, though.

Which certainly seemed to be his plan as well. He touched the small of her back, he touched her leg, he let their knees brush together once they were sitting down. He stroked her hand across the small table in the intimate restaurant and he raised his eyebrows up and down as he read the menu.

"Oysters. I should order those for you since they're an aphrodisiac."

As if she needed it. "Are you flirting with me?" she asked, feigning outrage.

"I'm not here for the bread." He took a bite of the slice in his hand and looked at it in surprise. "Though this is damn good bread."

Katrina laughed. "You always did love your carbs. By the way, what have you been doing in the gym? You didn't get that buff playing guitar."

"I'm trying to keep up with Samuel. He looks like a goddamn underwear model. It's very hard on the ego. Though he doesn't have a fan page for his penis, so I do feel better about the whole thing."

"You look good," she told him honestly. "Really good."

Just like that, sexual tension sprang to life between them. His eyes darkened as he stared across the table at her. "Would you like to see more?"

"I definitely would." Crossing her legs to quiet the ache throbbing low in her belly, she reached for her glass of water and took a sip, waiting for him to say something more.

But he just gave her a sly smile. "Let's see where the evening takes us."

It was going to take them to bed, or she was going to smack him with his own magnificent penis.

Whatever game he was playing, whatever manual he'd read overnight on how to seduce women, was driving her nuts. There was no need for him to prove he could get the girl or improve his score. She could handle Drew peeling off her dress and going to town on her. She could not handle Drew on a mission to charm.

She had ordered a glass of red wine, because she could sip it slowly throughout the meal, unlike white, which tended to go down way too fast. Lifting her glass, she raised it in salute. "I'm looking forward to seeing all there is to see, Drew."

His nostrils flared.

And she had the distinct feeling that they were heading into dangerous territory.

Chapter Six

Drew wondered if Trina had any idea how sensual and appealing she looked. She had always thought of herself as a little goofy, a little messy and klutzy. Yet he had always known those were just pieces of the overall package. She was also fiercely passionate, determined, fearless when trying new things, and gorgeous, with the most compelling and expression-filled brown eyes he'd ever seen.

He wanted to take her to bed for the entire weekend. He wanted to lose track of time and forget about the world around them.

The waitress dropped their pizza down in front of them.

So he'd already lost track of time. Either that or they had baked a pizza in three minutes. "Here, let me get you a piece," he said, holding his hand out for her plate.

She passed it to him. "Thanks."

Trina tucked her hair behind her ear and fussed with her napkin. She actually looked shy, which struck him as very unexpected, but very adorable. It wasn't a trait he associated with her. But given what he'd scanned of her recent dates before she removed them from her page, she hadn't exactly been hanging out with quality men. It wasn't hard to treat her with respect or a modicum of consideration. He was actually really enjoying himself.

"I had a guy tell me once that he wasn't going to pass the bruschetta because if women wanted equality they could get their own bruschetta. He said feminism extended to opening your own door."

Drew snorted. "Ah, pretentious irony at its Brooklyn best. The truth is, he's just lazy."

"Probably. And yet he wanted o**l s*x but refused to give it in return. I'm not sure how equality applies in that case."

"You had sex with him?" Drew paused in handing her plate back with a slice of pizza on it. He really didn't want to think about that. Not now.

"No. We were fooling around but then I saw where it was going-all about him-and I bailed. He got pissed and we never spoke ever again."

"Good." He got himself a slice. "I mean, I'm sorry if you were disappointed. Sorry it didn't work out."

She laughed. "No, you're not."

"No. I'm not." He was big enough to admit it. "A guy like that is not worth your time or effort. You'll always be the one compromising, and why should you?"

"That seems to be the modern interpretation of dating. Random texts, half-ass effort, constantly distracted by whatever new and shiny girl has a profile online. We're all trying so hard to be remote and cool. It's exhausting."

That was precisely why he hadn't really been dating. His focus was on his music and taking the next step in his career, such as it was. He'd been disgusted with himself after he'd left Trina's apartment before she woke up, and he'd realized he didn't want to be that guy. So if he wasn't prepared to put the time and thoughtfulness into a relationship, then he wasn't entitled to have sex with that woman either. Plain and simple.

"There's nothing remote about what I want to do with you."

She would interpret that as sexual. He was okay with that for now.

Before the night was over, she would understand that he didn't want to prove to women en masse that he was worthy of a chance. He just wanted to convince her.

Her phone had been buzzing repeatedly the whole time they'd been talking and he wanted to throw it out the window. Instead, he told her, "I do have one request though."

"What's that?"

"Power your phone off. Not silence it. Not turn off the wireless. Totally power it off and put it in your purse."

She looked panicked for a second at the thought. "But..."

"But?" he asked.

Then she swallowed hard and shook her head. "Sure. Of course. I'm sorry, I wasn't trying to be rude."

"I know. But you don't need a picture of our pizza. If it's good, we'll remember it." He wanted all of her attention on him. Selfish, but he wanted to be with her. All of her.

She turned her phone off and tucked it away. "I feel naked without my phone."

He grinned. "Then we're setting the right tone for the night."

* * *

Trina hadn't thought for one second that Drew would actually follow through on his suggestion they go dancing. Men dangled carrots, reeling women in, then had a very good reason why it didn't pan out. Usually one couched in bullshit that tried to make it seem as though they were really being thoughtful when they just wanted to do what they wanted to do. Which was never what she actually wanted to do.

Or again, maybe she was swimming in the wrong dating pool.

Because Drew seemed to have no problem peeling his jacket off and making every effort to learn the steps in the thirty-minute tutorial on how to swing. Dance, that is, not the other kind of swinging. He was terrible at it, but he concentrated, tried, and they laughed a lot. Dinner had been easy and intimate, sexual tension simmering below the surface of their conversation, but in an exciting way, not an uncomfortable way.

Dancing was just fun, Drew's expressions comical as he moved right instead of left, and collided with her on more than one occasion. "Holy crap, sorry," he said for about the twelfth time. "I was never great at that whole left-right thing."

Trina was flushed from dancing and from laughter and she decided that maybe she would have to force his lead without him knowing it. So she spun out and came back to him in a way that required very little effort on his part. Yet somehow he still managed to shift and clip her in the shoulder.

"And I suck." He let her hands go. "I think I need a little more practice. Like about seven hundred hours' worth. Open dance has started. Why don't you let one of these guys take you around the floor for a song or two?"

She stared at him, trying to decide if this were a trap or not. "You wouldn't mind?"

"Of course not. You love to dance. These dudes have some skill I don't, if not my good looks, so why don't I step aside and watch you do your thing?" He gave her a mock smarmy look. "And if your dress happens to fly up a little more than expected, this way I can see it."

She rolled her eyes. "I don't get that wild. There won't be aerial flips going on."

"Not this portion of the evening."

Okay, that made her laugh. Katrina gave him a kiss on the cheek. "Thanks," she said, sincerely. She meant for all of it. For being him. Her friend.

He looked slightly sheepish as she turned and looked for a partner. Four dances later, she had gotten some exercise, had some fun, been challenged by an exceptionally skilled partner, and needed a glass of water. She figured another dance would be pushing it anyway. Drew had been more than patient, so she thanked her partner and went to find him. He was talking to a woman in her sixties about the Caribbean.

Expecting him to be bored beyond belief, she was surprised that he actually seemed to be entertained by the conversation. Though Drew had always been the guy who could talk to anyone. He knew all the cafeteria workers in their dorm by name, he got friendly with all his professors, and he frequently gave yogurt to a homeless man in Washington Square Park who had no teeth but a brilliant smile.

After he introduced her, they chatted for a few more minutes, then the woman gave them a smile. "I'll leave you two lovebirds to your night."

Seriously? Katrina waited for Drew to say they were just friends or something that made it clear they were not a couple, but he just smiled and told her to have a great night. He put his hand on the small of Katrina's back and led her away.

"Can I get you a drink? They have a full bar in the corner or I can get you a soda."

"Water would be great, actually. I hope you weren't bored."

"No, it was fine. I enjoyed watching you and there are plenty of interesting people here to talk to. I was getting the 'I remember Brooklyn when' speech from different people."

"I guess the Brooklyn they knew is different from the one we know."

"Very." Drew asked the bartender for two waters, then handed one to Katrina. "But I wouldn't be making the kind of money I am if I was living in that Brooklyn, so here's to overpriced cocktails and thrift shops."

"What do thrift shops have to do with your income?" she asked, amused, sipping her water.

"The current trend of spending less money on high-end designer clothes equals more money for alcohol. After popping tags and scouring a sweater from the eighties, no one thinks twice about paying fifteen bucks for a drink. For which I'm grateful."

He had a point. "This is why I drink at home." Then she laughed. "Wait. That didn't sound right."

Drew gave her an amused look. "That's a sign of a problem, you know."

"I meant I enjoy a nice glass of wine at home with friends." She nudged him when he still looked skeptical. "Be quiet."

"I didn't say anything. Speaking of which, if you're done swinging." He winked at her. "Want to head out? It's a little loud for extensive conversation."

"Sure. I'm done dancing. Where did you have in mind?"

"There's a coffee shop a block west."

He was moving them step-by-step in the direction of his apartment. They were firmly in Williamsburg now and only a few blocks from his place. She suspected it was no accident and she wondered why his place versus hers.

But this was clearly all planned, and he was pulling out the stops. He'd paid for her dinner and he opened doors, pulled back her chair. It was a date. Not hanging out. Not a hookup. A genuine "we are grown-ups and are on a date." Weird. Totally weird.

Yet...wonderful.

At the coffee shop they sipped iced drinks and talked about anything and everything, sometimes about the past, sometimes about the present, and briefly about the future. Whereas back in school they had frequently talked about their dreams for their mid-to late-twenties, now they both seemed to be of a similar mind that the point was to enjoy now. Neither was where they wanted to be in their careers or goals, but where they were was solid. Positive.

"There's only one thing I'm missing," Drew said, lounging back in his chair, making his suit look both chic and casual at the same time.

God, he was sexy. He always had been, but seeing him as a man, so confident and self-possessed, had her feeling that she couldn't get him on top of her fast enough.

"What is that?"

"I'll tell you later."

"It's a secret?"

"Something like that."

"You know I hate secrets." She did. It always bothered her that someone was lording something over her. Why bring it up if you weren't going to share it? It drove her crazy. "What could you possibly be missing?"

He gestured to her coffee. "Come on, then. Grab your drink and let's go. I'll show you what I'm missing."

Oh. So he was talking about sex. Right? That's what he was talking about. He had said that he hadn't been having any. So now he was prepared to finish what they had started the night before.

Happy dance.

Presumably. "Are you going to take me to the animal shelter and pick out a hound dog?"

He laughed. "No. I can't have pets in my building."

Good. "Maybe someday when you move to Jersey you can have a dog."

"Bite your tongue. I'm not ready for the white picket fence any time soon. If ever." They stepped out onto the sidewalk and he took her hand.

Drew invaded her space, his other hand going into her hair to urge her head toward his. "Come back to my place? I have cookies."

She let him kiss her, enjoying the play of his mouth over hers. "Mmm. You do know me. I'm a sucker for baked goods."

"I believe once you said you'd do literally anything for the oatmeal raisin cookies from that bakery on Fifth Avenue. Let's put that statement to the test."

Katrina was pretty sure her panties melted at his words. He had taken the train to the Village, on a Saturday, to get her cookies? Wow. Just wow. "You got me cookies?"

He smiled down at her. "Yep. Think how great they'll taste with coffee tomorrow morning."

The man was holding nothing back. She would give him that. She could flirt, too. Wrapping her arms around his neck, she smiled and pressed her br**sts against his chest. "That was really sweet of you. I can't even think how to properly say thank you."

"I have an idea or two."

"I'm open to suggestions." Since they were clearly having a sleepover, she would be open all night to suggestions. Quite literally.

"Then let's go before we end up making out on the sidewalk."

"It wouldn't be the first time."

He laughed and pulled her arms down to take her hand and start walking. "You're trouble."

"No. Katrina."

"You'll always be Trina to me."

As they walked, she didn't notice the dog barking, the sound of a honking horn, the smell of heat and food and exhaust fumes. She just noticed Drew.

Maybe uploading her BootyBook account was the smartest thing she had unintentionally done.

Chapter Seven

The first thing Katrina noticed about Drew's apartment was that he had cleaned. Everything was tidy and put away and it smelled like pine. There was a bottle of red wine and two glasses sitting on the coffee table, ready, along with various scented candles, which he immediately lit, leaving the room mostly dark, save one lamp in the corner.

She took her sandals off. He removed his jacket. They were standing next to the couch, and he took her cheeks with both of his hands and kissed her softly. The look he gave her took her breath away. It almost looked as if this was way more than proving a point about his finer qualities, or about having a do-over of their accidental night together. This look squeezed her heart and hardened her ni**les. This look spoke of warm feelings and hot arousal and that nebulous future they had avoided talking about.

"Thanks for a great night," she told him truthfully.

"It's not over yet."

"I know, but I want you to know I appreciate the effort that went into it."

But he shook his head. "Everything is easy with you. No effort."

Oh, God, he was destroying her. She was aware of how loud her breathing was, a sort of desperate and frantic increase in air intake as she stared at him not sure what to say, how to act. It felt as though Something Was Happening. Something that might change tomorrow and a whole lot of tomorrows after that.

She didn't want to give it the Katrina Effect and mess it up.

So she took a calming breath and rested her hands on his waist. "So then maybe I should just say that I appreciate you."

"That works," he murmured, before kissing her again, deeper, hungrily.

She gripped the belt loops on his pants and tugged so that their hips collided. "I can think of a great way to appreciate you even more fully," she said, and unzipped his pants.

"You don't have to do anything but be you."

Katrina slipped her hand into his pants and stroked his growing erection. "I'll be me going down on you, how does that sound?"

"That sounds-"

But he didn't bother to finish the sentence when she gave him a naughty smile before bending over. She unbuttoned his pants and pulled out his thick length and gripped it firmly, stroking up and down over his smooth skin. "Yeah?" she asked.

"That sounds like a great idea," he told her. "It feels even better than it sounds."

"I bet it tastes good, too." She flickered her tongue over the tip of his penis and slid slowly down before backtracking. When she reached the head, she opened her mouth and fully enclosed him, taking a deep, long swallow of his cock.

The noise he made was very gratifying. As was the way his hands gripped the back of her head. "Damn, Trina, that feels amazing."

Their boozy night together, she hadn't really given him o**l s*x. She'd made one sloppy attempt but she'd been a little too buzzed and he had stopped her, clearly not into it. So maybe he wasn't the only one who had something to prove tonight. She could give him the kind of pleasure he had given her the night before.

So to serve that purpose, she decided her angle wasn't going to allow her free range, so she pulled back with the intention of going on her knees. But Drew tipped her chin up.

"Look at you," he said. "Shiny, wet lips. So sexy, so gorgeous."

He would have raised her back up, presumably to kiss him, but Katrina ignored his gentle tugs and followed her original plan. She dropped lightly to her knees and took him into her mouth again, her hands on his hips, holding on to his front pockets. Drew swore, and she took that as a positive sign, especially since he was suddenly gripping her head, hard, and carefully guiding her onto him.

Listening to his breathing, his low groans, she found the rhythm and the grip he responded most positively to and worked steadily on him, enjoying the knowledge that she could do this to him, make him so hard, so tense with arousal.

Especially when a minute later, he yanked her backward, breathing hard. "Stop."

She smiled up at him, wiping her dewy lips, feeling more than a little sassy. "You sure?"

"Positive." Drew pulled Trina to her feet, knowing he couldn't take another minute of that without totally losing control. "Damn, you are f**king amazing at that. I need a second." He kissed her hard and tucked himself back away. Reaching for the bottle of wine he'd thought to set out ahead of time, he swallowed hard and concentrated on not throwing Trina down on the floor and taking her on the threadbare carpet. He wanted this to last.

Uncorking the wine, he studied her. She looked pleased with herself, a naughty little smile on her face. She should be. "What are you smiling about?" he asked her, pulling his shirt out of his pants before filling both glasses halfway. He handed her one, trying to ignore the way his c**k was throbbing.

She sipped it, then licked the rim of the glass. "Mmm. This is delicious."

After taking a sip of wine himself, he leaned over and licked the swell of her breast, rising above the perky cherries on her crisp white dress. "You're right. Delicious."

Even that little touch had her sucking in a breath, and Drew marveled at how combustible their chemistry was. Had it always been like this? Had they always been so aware of each other's skin, each touch, each brush of fingertips, each soft smile and random gesture? He couldn't say at this point. All he was certain of was that he knew Trina as he'd never really known any other woman, and adding intimacy, physical intimacy, to that seemed so logical now he didn't know why they hadn't done it earlier.

"Come lie down with me. It's cooler in the bedroom with the AC."

"Is this a plot to get me naked on your bed?" she asked with a tilt of her head and complete acquiescence in her eyes. She was as on board with this as he was.

"Yes."

"I was hoping you'd say that."

"Follow me to the air-conditioning where marvelous wonders await you, including the most magnificent penis you've ever laid eyes on." He shot his eyebrows up and down and grabbed the bottle of wine. "Free spirits to those daring enough to look." He walked backward toward his bedroom.

"You're insane." She followed him down the hallway, a smile on her face even as she shook her head. "But you are also very, very hot, I will admit that. And adorably ridiculous. It's a lethal combination."

"I don't want to kill anyone." That would be an end to all the fun. "But I'm assuming you're being facetious."

"Yes, smart-ass."

"Speaking of ass, I haven't had a chance to see yours yet. Trina, all I've been thinking about all day is every last piece of clothing gone from your body and me touching you everywhere." They had reached his bed and he set the wineglass and bottle down on the dresser. Then he moved behind her and lifted her hair to kiss the back of her neck, taking the zipper down on her dress. "I hope you weren't planning to sleep tonight."

"That's right. 'Up All Night' is supposed to be your theme song, isn't it?"

Damn Jason and his stupid penis page. At least Trina was finding it entertaining. "It's a rock star thing."

"Is it a circus penis or a rock star penis? I think we need some clarification here."

"It's yours. That's what it is." He nudged it against her backside just to prove the point. He wanted to add that he was hers as well, all of him, but he didn't want to scare her off. He really wasn't sure what Trina wanted out of their relationship. She'd never really indicated on BootyBook how she felt about him. She had just said the sex was good. Plus the minor criticisms that still rubbed him the wrong way.

Now wasn't the time to talk, though. Later. When she was sleepy and relaxed, they could have that talk that they should have had a year ago.

He dropped his pants to the floor as she turned around to face him. Unbuttoning his shirt, he watched her undo the tie around her neck, slide her dress off her shoulders and down over her hips, exposing her body to him. Her bra and panties were flesh-colored and sheer. The bra was there for support, obviously, but the panties were pointless as far as he could tell. Both were so sheer that he could see everything. Every inch of flesh, from her dusky ni**les to the rich curls between her thighs, it was all right there for him to visually devour. She was gorgeous and his tongue felt two sizes too big, his c**k pushing painfully against his briefs.

"Wow," he said with a total lack of eloquence. "That is the sexiest bra and panties I've ever seen. I feel like I walked in on you behind a shower curtain or something."

"I was wearing a white dress," she said, as if that explained anything.

Because it didn't. Not to him. Why did wearing white mean your ni**les had to show? He reached out and touched one, unable to resist, just going back and forth across the front of it with his fingertip. It tightened beneath his touch, and goose bumps rose on her flesh above her br**sts.

"Other colors would show through my dress," she added.

Oh, that made sense. "Ah. I see. In fact, I see a lot." He couldn't stop staring at her. His eyes swept down past her belly button to the apex of her thighs, then back up to the full roundness of her br**sts again. He couldn't help it-she was just so sexy. He was glad she hadn't shaved everything down south, leaving him a little strip he was looking forward to playing with.

Lifting her wineglass to her lips, he tilted it so she could drink. She did, her eyes dark, mysterious, smoldering above the rim. When she pulled her head slightly away to indicate she was finished, he went in for a kiss, the rich warm fruitiness of the wine transferring from her full lips to his. Damn, she tasted good, felt good. They kissed for what felt like forever, and while he enjoyed every intimate tease of their tongues, every press of their mouths, he was working hard to keep himself under control. She'd already had him on the edge when she had been sucking him, and every sigh she gave, every brush of her ni**les over his chest, had him wound tighter and tighter.

Stepping back from her, he took off his unbuttoned shirt and undershirt, then pushed down his briefs. He remembered he was supposed to be romantic, so he picked up a lighter and lit the half dozen candles he had set up. Thank God he'd been smart enough to lay it all out in advance, because he was too befuddled by her near-nudity to think about wine or candles. There were condoms under the pillow as well, so he sat down on the edge of the bed next to the nightstand.

"Come here."

"This is very impressive, Drew," she said, glancing around as the candlelight danced over the walls and furniture of his small bedroom. "I feel a little embarrassed that I was perfectly willing to sleep with you last night without any of this. I should learn to hold out more."

"Now is not the time to hold out," he told her, most sincerely, as she moved between his legs, her hands on his shoulders. He dipped his tongue into her belly button before peeling her panties down, exposing that tantalizing soft strip of hair. "Though please feel free to find every man lacking in comparison to me."

She laughed softly. "I shouldn't be taking advantage of you this way."

He looked up at her, surprised. "What do you mean?"

"You clearly want to prove that you're a perfect ten, and I'm letting you pull out all the stops. But you had me at hello last night."

"I want to do this." How did he explain that she was special? That he'd spent a year kicking himself in the ass wishing he had put more thought into his relationship with her before he'd gotten drunk and fallen on her like a hungry lion. He couldn't change what he had done that morning he'd left. He couldn't make the last year disappear. But he could show her that he had matured and that he cared about her. That she was entitled to his pulling out a stop or two. "You deserve a little wine and a scented candle, Trina."

"And dinner and dancing and coffee and cookies."

"I'm not sure any of that is even enough," he told her frankly. "If I could figure out how to give you more, I would." He took down her panties. "Hey, here's an idea." She was standing in front of him, perfect position. Drew leaned forward and tilted his head so he could flick his tongue across her clit.

The sound she made was so satisfying, he dragged his tongue over her again, slower, harder, dipping inside her just to see what she would do. The humming of pleasure got louder, and her fingers came out to rest on his shoulders. He opened her to study the soft pink contours of her body, enjoying the privilege of intimacy. He wanted to breathe her scent in, absorb her, drag moisture from her body at the same time his tongue dragged out those sexy sounds of ecstasy.

"Oh," she said, nails tearing into his flesh, hips rocking forward. "This is... I think..."

When she didn't complete sentences he knew she was really getting into it. Trina was rarely speechless. Gripping her ass with both hands, he helped her thrust onto his tongue. She was already going to come, he could feel it in the tightening of her thighs, the increasing desperation of her cries. When she did, he reveled in the sound, the taste, the feel of her orgasm.

As her tense grip on him loosened, Drew pulled back and looked up past the beautiful swell of her br**sts to her gorgeous face. Her eyes were wide and she was panting. "Good?" he asked.

She nodded. "Very good, thank you."

Still watching her, suddenly in awe of what he felt for her, he reached under his pillow and pulled out a condom.

"You thought of everything."

"I tried." He ripped the package open with his teeth and rolled the condom on. "Sit on my lap."

"Like this? Facing you?" She looked daunted by the idea.

"Yes. I promise to do all the hard work."

Trina laughed softly and gave him a smile that made him realize that he was absolutely 100 percent in love with her. That for years the bond of friendship had slowly and steadily grown stronger and deeper until it was love that was too large to be contained by a platonic relationship.

"You always were able to talk me into anything," she said. Putting her hands on his shoulders, she raised herself onto the bed, one knee on either side of him.

He held her firmly by the waist and guided her down onto his cock. "Oh, baby," he murmured, eyes drifting closed when she sank slowly, thighs spreading farther. "I love the way you feel."

"Agreed. And you do have good ideas. I guess that's why I'm so easily coerced."

"So I'm always right?" he asked, raising her up on him before driving her back down by her hips. Damn, that felt so good, so hot. So deep. Her br**sts brushed against his chest, that sheer fabric tickling him. "Is that what you're saying?"

"Don't get carried away."

"Take your bra off. Please." He wanted to feel every inch of her flesh against his.

"Hold me so I don't fall."

"I have you. I'd never let you fall."

One-handed, she undid her bra as he slowed down the thrusts of her onto him so she could ditch the last scrap of clothing between them. The minute it was gone and her hand was back on his shoulder, he went hard, groaning at the tight, wet sensation of her wrapped around his cock, the slap of their skin loud in the dark room. The candle flickered next to them, casting shadows across Trina's creamy flesh. Her head was thrown back, hair spilling over her bare shoulders. She looked luscious and sexy as sin.

Suddenly her head snapped forward and she went silent, breath caught, before she let out a cry, her body pulsating on his cock. He felt a rush of warmth over him and feeling her pleasure, seeing it, sent him rushing into his own climax. Yeah. That was a f**king ten and he dared anyone to say otherwise.

Holy shit.

He rested his forehead against her shoulder for a second, dragging in deep breathes, his c**k still shuddering a little from the aftershocks of intense pleasure.

"That was amazing," she said.

"I don't think it's my penis that's magnificent so much as it's us together that is magnificent," he said, his voice gruff, throat dry. "We bring out the best in each other."

"Lie back on the bed," she said, her expression mischievous. "Let's see what else I can bring out in you."

* * *

Trina had never thought of herself as the type who got aroused by musicians. She'd never been a groupie and the fact that Drew played the guitar had been just part of who he was, not the reason she'd sought him out as a companion. Now she understood the appeal a little better.

She was curled up on Drew's couch in her panties and a T-shirt she had borrowed from him, while he perched on the coffee table across from her in black briefs, strumming his guitar. They had brought their wineglasses with them and it was some ungodly hour of the night. Trina was sleepy and satisfied, yet she didn't want to close her eyes and have the night end. She wanted to savor every moment with Drew.

He was softly singing as he glanced down at his fingers, and she realized she hadn't heard him sing very often. When she'd gone to gigs he'd played, he'd been plugged into an amp, and he only sang backup vocals. His voice had been drowned out by the drums, guitar, and lead singer. But here, in his living room, candles still flickering, the guitar quiet and melancholy, she could clearly hear his throaty and emotional vocals. This was Drew stripped down, quite literally.

It was amazing and powerful. It gave her goose bumps and made her fall even deeper in love with him, to see the intimacy of him and his guitar. To know that he trusted her with what felt like a secret in a sense. She couldn't have told anyone what the lyrics were, what message the song was conveying, but she did know she was transfixed by him.

When the last note drifted away Trina tucked her feet under her butt and brushed her hair back off her eyes. "That was beautiful. I didn't realize how interesting your voice is."

"It isn't particularly. But my guitar feels like another arm. I can't imagine life without music."

She couldn't imagine life without Drew. How had she just let him drift so far away from her? If he did that again, she wasn't sure she could allow it. She was fairly certain she would go stalker-girl on him. The question was how to avoid all of that altogether, because she was pretty certain psycho didn't sit well on her. It was like a bad outfit that wouldn't fit. She'd be terrible at it. She was too ditzy to be manipulative enough to make a nonexistent relationship work.

"Play something just for me," she told him nonetheless. So much for not being a demanding chick who wants too much too soon.

"Just for you, huh?" He was plucking chords idly, the musical equivalent of doodling.

The window behind him was open and the warm night air was sending his curtain fluttering. The night was mostly silent, which was amazing. The city did sleep at 3:00 a.m., it seemed. For the most part.

"Yes, just for me."

He smiled at her. "This reminds me of you."

Katrina got fluttery girl feelings for a second. Until he started playing and she realized the lyrics were quite clear in that the girl in the song hated the guy. Like a lot. Like in a way that involved lots of swearing and throwing of things.

"Very funny," she told him. So it was possible to sing and grin at the same time. He was achieving it, clearly amused with his joke.

He cut off mid-song, laughing. "No?"

"No."

"Okay, how about this?" He started playing a soft, quiet melody, and Katrina felt her smile fall off her face. It was beautiful.

"What is this?" she asked.

"'Sweet Thing' by Van Morrison," he said between verses, his fingers moving easily. "That's you. My sweet thing."

Oh, God. She felt a shiver roll across her body, from her head, to her vagina, on down to her toes. That was the single most delicious thing any man had ever said to her. "Okay, you win," she told him. "That's a ten. Maybe even a twelve."

He laughed, but then he started singing again and for a few minutes she lost herself in his voice, his eyes. The way he looked at her...it was almost as if he felt the same way she did.

When the song faded away and he asked, "Do you think I could talk you into losing those clothes one more time before we crash? I suddenly find myself with an erection." He shifted his guitar to show her.

Her answer was to lift his T-shirt off her head and toss it at him.

Chapter Eight

Drew spent Sunday at work in a post-sex haze. Customers were rude, he didn't give a shit. His coworker Sara shattered a martini glass all over the lemon wedges. No big deal. He whistled and helped her clean it up.

"You're in a good mood," she commented.

"Yep." That was an understatement. Waking up with Trina had been lazy and damn nice. Sure, she'd taken off by ten, saying she needed to work. But he had taken advantage of her sleep-deprived but sexually satisfied state of mind to extract a promise to see her again. They'd settled on Wednesday, his day off.

He figured it didn't make him look as desperate to see her as if he asked her out for Monday, and the weekend was just too damn long to wait. It was a good compromise.

The confidence of Sunday cracked a little on Monday when he didn't hear from her at all.

On Tuesday, while she did answer his texts, she seemed busy and frazzled, though she did suggest he pick their activity since Saturday had been all about her.

Which he thought was hilarious and ironic. It had been for him, too, no doubt on that.

But he was more than willing to take the opportunity to spend as much time as possible with her, so he told her he wanted to go to the Brooklyn Museum, which closed at six. That meant they had to meet at three at the latest, which meant he was basically guaranteed a twelve-hour date.

Nothing awful about that.

She came to his place, then they went from there.

"I can't believe I've never been to the museum," she said as they waited for the train.

It was hot again, the day humid and full of random odors Drew preferred not to think about too carefully. "I've been once, that's it."

"When I was in high school I thought coming to New York would be like this huge cultural awakening and then I got here and realized I was too busy to take advantage of everything the city has to offer. Except somehow I always managed to find time to go to a club." She made a face. "What a waste of time."

"Not if you had fun." Drew was having the hand-holding debate again. Why the hell was this so hard? He'd opened the door to Trina thinking about nothing but giving her a long and deep kiss, but she'd immediately brushed past him with a smile, nothing more.

So he'd let it ride and now he was debating hand-holding? For the love of all that was sexual, why was he being such a neurotic loser? Based on that pep talk, he leaned over and slid his hand into the back of her hair. "Kiss me."

"Right here? There are people here." Her eyes darted around nervously.

"There are always people here. It's a big city." He enjoyed the way her eyes widened, the way she always gave in to him. She was already leaning forward, though she didn't allow him to linger over her lips.

"We're those people we used to roll our eyes at. Sucking face on the subway platform." But she was smiling, looking amused.

"I don't think that qualified as sucking face. I can do that next if you'd like."

"No, I'm good for now." She rolled her eyes at him and stepped forward as the train stopped.

Trina was wearing another one of her endless sundresses. Drew thought if he opened her closet it would be nothing but sundresses in the brightest colors imaginable. This one showed cle**age and he dug that. It made him want to suck on the tops of her br**sts.

But he restrained himself and he asked her about her business, to explain to him the nuts and bolts of it, as the train lurched forward. When they were undergrads, she had been full of nebulous ideas, and he wanted to hear now she had taken her ideas from conception to actual application. Trina thought of herself as a bit scatterbrained, but he didn't see it. As she chattered on and on, describing her average workday and her plans for expansion, he thought it was clear why she had gotten accepted to NYU with a merit scholarship.

He had been great at school, but he hadn't found his practical niche postgraduation. "You should be proud of how much you've done in such a short time," he told her, and they jogged up the stairs back out onto the street. "I'm damn proud of you."

"I get impatient," she admitted. "I want everything, you know, now. Which is why things like the BootyBook incident happen. I'm moving too fast, trying to tear through my to-do list. Sometimes I just need to slow down."

"I'm the opposite. I'm always wandering around needing a fire lit under my ass." It was true. He was more of a thinker and dreamer than a doer. "And now my damn student loans need to be repaid." He gave her a grin. "Whoops."

"Don't act like you're lazy." She frowned at him. "That pisses me off."

"Pisses you off?" he asked, surprised. "Why?"

"Because you've been busting your butt with your songwriting and your band, writing new material, recording, booking gigs. It's not like you've been lying on your couch for the last two years."

She looked so adorable and indignant, he was touched and amused. "You haven't seen the band perform. You might change your mind when you do." Not that he thought they sucked, but hey, there was always room for improvement. But the look she gave him was so furious, her mouth dropping open, that he started laughing and retracted. "I'm kidding! Jeez. You look like you're going to kick my ass on my behalf, which is kind of ludicrous."

Katrina tried to smooth out her features, realizing he was right-she'd been about to rage on him. "Well, what can I say? I happen to think you're working hard and I don't like you talking smack about yourself."

She actually envied his easy style, his ability to work hard but not go into manic mode, the way she did. They really were a good complement for each other. Or so it seemed to her.

"Got it," he said, reaching for her hand. "No smack talk or you'll make me regret I was born."

That made her laugh. "I'm not sure that makes any sense, but maybe I don't make sense."

He gave her a look that made her breath catch in the back of her throat. "You make sense to me."

And with that, he liquefied her insides. It was a talent he had.

He also seemed intent on spoiling her. He insisted on buying their tickets to the museums since it was his idea. "I'm buying dinner then," she told him.

"The hell you are. But who said we're going to dinner?"

Oh God, had she assumed too much? "Uh..."

He winked at her.

Damn him. She punched his arm.

"Ow." He faked doubling over. "Don't hurt me, I promise to be good."

"Jerk."

"I'm not allowed to agree with you since you said I can't criticize myself."

"You're a word twister."

"I've been called worse."

"No, you haven't."

He shrugged. "Everyone has had an angry ex or two, right? Or a random crazy dude on the street screaming obscenities."

"Those don't count." Trina wandered next to him to the first exhibit. "But I might know a thing or two about angry exes." She was hoping the worst was behind her with the BootyBook fallout, but there was really no telling.

There was an Egyptian artifact in front of her, a statue of a cat. "What do you think people will say two thousand years from now when they find our leftovers?"

"They won't think anything because they won't be able to see it. Either the technology won't exist to view our current technology or the actual chips and hard drives will have eroded to the point they're useless. There will be nothing to tell people about who and what we were."

"That is a terrifying thought."

But Drew lifted her hand to his mouth and kissed the backs of her knuckles. "Why does it matter what happens a thousand years from now? I think today is enough to satisfy me."

That was one of the many things she liked about him. He was so easy, so calm. She smiled at him. "You're right. Yet here we are staring at this freaky-looking cat."

"Good point."

They strolled through the museum and talked for another hour and a half. It was interesting and entertaining to renew her friendship with him, even as sexual tension simmered below the surface all the time. But a year had matured them both, and she really liked what she was seeing and hearing. It was even better to be with him now than in the past, and she would never have expected that.

When they went to eat at a burger joint by Prospect Park, Drew talked about his music and she felt the passion she had always sensed from him, but there was a business savvy now that was new. She offered him some suggestions for how to get buzz for the band, and he was receptive and enthusiastic.

"I find the way your brain works fascinating," he told her. "Your thoughts move so rapidly, I can barely keep up."

"I think out loud. Stream-of-consciousness style." Trina put her hand on her stomach as they left the restaurant. "That was so good. I ate too much."

"Want to walk in the park?" He took her hand again, and again, it amazed her how natural that felt. "It's the Central Park of Brooklyn," he added with a goofy expression.

She laughed. "Is that the official slogan?"

"Actually, I think it is. But it's cooling down and it is, you know, leafy there, so it might be a refreshing place to take a walk."

Trina was amused. "So we stroll around the park for an hour, then take the subway back to Williamsburg? Why don't we just walk to Williamsburg?"

"Because that would be insane." Drew paused on the corner while they waited for a light change and leaned in to give her a kiss.

Every time he did, it still caught her off guard. It made her shiver, even in the sweltering heat.

"You coming home with me?" he murmured. "After the park."

She liked that he seemed to understand she needed reassurance or a guide as to what they were doing. As far as she was concerned, they could skip the walk. "Yes, for a while. I do have to get up in the morning since I cut short my workday today."

"Then let's kill the park idea and go back now."

His eyes had darkened and Katrina knew that look. Her inner thighs recognized it as well.

"We could do that."

Then he surprised her by turning to the curb and sticking his hand up. "Taxi! And turn your phone off. You're not taking any calls, texts, IMs, PMs, tweets, emails, or alerts."

Katrina laughed. "Fine. I can do that."

Twenty minutes later they were back at Drew's, and for some bizarre reason she felt awkward following him into his apartment. They'd been here before, had done this now more than once, and yet walking through the door she still got a tingle in her vag that seemed to permeate her entire body and make her incapable of not acting like an idiot. The minute sex was on the table she felt a shivery anticipation that made her twitchy. But she wanted to take the lead this time, to show Drew that she wasn't just along for the ride, expecting him to entertain her both in bed and out.

So when he paused to open the window in his living room, she came up behind him and wrapped her arms around his middle and playfully bit his shoulder.

"Hey." He tried to glance back at her, his hands coming up to wrap over hers. "What was that for?"

"I just wanted to taste you," she said.

"You can do that better with my shirt off."

"Good point." Katrina took that as an invitation. She took the hem of his shirt and pulled it up over his chest. He helped her by lifting his arms, and on tiptoes she took it up over his head.

Then she took her time exploring his abdomen muscles, his chest, shoulder, running her fingers lightly over his flesh, while she moved slowly around the side of him. She repeated her tiny bite but followed this one up with a kiss as she trailed her tongue across his collarbone. She kissed his neck and ran her lips across the stubble of his beard growth before covering his mouth with her own. She would never get tired of kissing him, of the way their mouths molded perfectly together.

Some men kissed with loose lips, but Drew always found that sweet spot between too much and not enough pressure. They were a perfect fit, and she wrapped her arms around his neck and tried to express what she was feeling with her touch. Making out was something she didn't do very often anymore and as they stood there, kissing with moist lips and hot breath, she wondered why. It was amazing how just that contact, face to face, mouth to mouth, could feel so intimate and draw out such heightened awareness of her whole body. Her ni**les tightened and her inner thighs ached. As they teased each other with their tongues, she wanted to shift her leg, to grind against him, to mimic sex, but she resisted.

His hand had gathered the fabric of her dress at her waist. He made a sound of impatience, then reached down to cup her ass. "Sometimes these dresses you wear make life difficult," he murmured, nuzzling into her neck.

He had managed to completely draw the skirt up and lay his hands on her panties. She shot him an amused look of disbelief. "I'm not sure how, since your hand is now under it. Looks to me like it saved you a step."

"You're right. I'm sorry, am I being too forward?" He winked at her.

"Yes. I'm not that type of girl." It was hard to say with a straight face but she managed it, giving him a sweet kiss. Then she stroked across the front of his jeans. "I'm this type of girl."

His eyes narrowed and he gave a low groan. "I happen to like that type of girl."

"Good." Katrina gave him a sly smile. "Show me your room."

"I do have a cool record collection."

"I can't wait to see it."

He took her by the hand and down the short hall. Katrina's nerves had evaporated. Kissing Drew was so natural, despite the fact that their relationship had been a platonic friendship until the night of vodka. While the idea of having sex still made her feel unsure of herself, kissing had the opposite effect. It calmed her. In the doorway of his room, she reached up and cupped his cheeks, wishing she had the balls to tell him that she loved him, as a friend and as a man. But she didn't. She would just have to try to show him.

She gave him a soft kiss, then stepped back and took her dress off over her head. "Come lay down with me." She wanted to feel her skin on his, explore his body slowly, touch all his hardness.

He climbed on the bed behind her and they lay down facing each other. Drew had shucked his jeans quickly and they were a tangle of warm limbs, his hands brushing over her back, her ass, her waist. They kissed again and again until they were both breathing heavily and Katrina was shifting restlessly, distracted by the liquid heat between her thighs. Distracted by how easily Drew could arouse her.

"You're so beautiful," he murmured as they broke apart.

His stare was so intent that she felt something shift inside her, something she didn't understand. Something that felt important. "I..."

She wasn't even sure what she was going to say. There weren't really any words to describe the fullness in her heart. So instead she shifted her thigh over his.

In seconds he had her panties down her legs.

When he pushed inside her, his mouth covered hers and she felt every stroke inside her, every sweep of his tongue, in all its intimate intensity. Her fingers gripped his shoulders as she arched her back to take him deeper. It felt right.

And when he thrust her against him to meet his rhythm, she came in an easy and languid orgasm.

"I like your room," she told him.

"You haven't even seen the best parts."

Oh, yeah.

* * *

An hour later Drew stared down at Trina, breathing hard, hot but satisfied. He didn't want her to go home. It would be a few days, maybe even a week before he saw her again and he wanted to be selfish and keep her there. Her cheeks were pink as she stared up at him, panting, lips swollen from his kisses.

"Oh, my," she said.

"I know, right?" He nuzzled her ear. "I could do that again."

"Yeah?"

"Definitely. But only if you promise to spend the night."

"Drew..."

The way she spoke his name, drew it out on a sigh, he knew it wouldn't take much coaxing to get her to stay. "Please." He kissed one corner of her mouth. "Stay." He kissed the opposite corner. "With me." He kissed her directly on the lips, his hand sliding over her thigh.

"You don't play fair."

"I play to win." While Drew stroked over her clit with his thumb, causing her to shiver, he used his other hand to dispose of the condom. It pleased him how quick Trina was to respond to him.

She had just had an orgasm not five minutes earlier yet she was already lifting her hips toward him, eyes rolling back.

"I have more cookies for you."

"You got me more cookies?" Her eyes widened. "Oh...oh, yes."

He wasn't sure if that was for the cookies or for his finger dipping inside her, but either way, he enjoyed the look on her face and the delicious sounds she was making.

So much so that he reached for another condom.

A minute later, he was replacing his finger with his c**k and stroking them both to a loud and satisfying ending.

* * *

Drew sipped his coffee as he leaned his back against the kitchen cabinets, and watched Trina eat her cookie slowly and enthusiastically, making little sounds of appreciation the whole time.

"This is so good. It's an orgasm in my mouth."

"I'd like to experience an orgasm in your mouth," he told her.

She rolled her eyes, but there was no bite to the gesture. She looked happy, rumpled, sleepy. She was wearing his shirt and leaning over the kitchen counter across from him so that he could just see a glimpse of her sexy little butt peeking out from under the hemline. He couldn't believe he was even awake before noon. They'd been up until four and he'd been damn grateful for all the hours he'd been spending in the gym. Muscle strength and stamina had been quite helpful in their entertainment.

But despite finally falling asleep so late, he had snapped awake at nine. Trina had heard him reach for a glass of water and she had given him the cutest smile ever, so he'd felt compelled to cuddle and kiss her repeatedly. It was only now that he remembered he was supposed to be making sure his cuddling was per Trina's BootyBook standards.

He no longer cared about that. It felt natural to cuddle her, so he had. She hadn't seemed to find any fault with it, either. Then he'd made them coffee and even though he had offered to make her some eggs, she said she was good with the cookies.

"What are you doing today?" he asked.

It was the wrong thing to ask. Immediately she pulled a face. "I need to work for a couple hours at least. How about you?"

"I have to work at the bar tonight." Reality. It sucked. He really wanted to spend another three or four days easily hiding in his apartment with Trina. "Do you want to take a shower?"

But she sighed. "I should probably just go home and shower there."

"Sure. Of course. No rush, you know."

"I'm done with my coffee. Guess I should go be responsible." She yawned and padded out of the kitchen and back into his room. He stood there in his underwear, holding his mug and feeling suddenly morose. The sucky thing about a great night was that it had to end at some point.

Especially when she came back out dressed, her phone in her hand. He could hear it buzzing over and over as texts and emails and notifications rolled in. She was frowning. He felt deflated.

"Everyone wants a piece of you, huh?"

She sighed and looked up at him. "Apparently."

He wasn't going to ask her again to delete the multitude of douchebags she seemed to communicate with. He'd already mentioned it twice. Now he would just look pathetic. She'd also laughed but hadn't really ever let him see the texts or draft replies as they had discussed.

"I hope it's nothing important."

"I guess I'll find out." She gave him an absentminded smile. "I should head out."

He put his coffee down. "Let me get dressed and I'll walk you to the subway."

"You don't have to do that. You've already been amazing."

She was dismissing him. He felt it hanging between them. She wanted out of there, away from him. She was done for the day, night.

Regardless, he pursued it, keeping his voice casual. "It's no big deal. I could use the walk to wake up a little better."

But she was shaking her head. "Don't worry about it." She leaned over and kissed him, cupping his cheek.

Drew covered her hand with his. "Text me when you get home."

"Okay. Have a good afternoon." She smiled at him.

Then she left and he was standing in his underwear in his stuffy apartment, the remnants of an amazing night scattered all around him with the dirty wineglasses, her half-eaten cookie, and the nubs of the burned candles.

He suddenly had a bad feeling that he wasn't getting a perfect score as she studiously entered her data into BootyBook on the ride home.

Hell if he knew what he'd done wrong.

* * *

Katrina put her hands to her cheeks to feel how flushed they were as she waited for the train. God, what was wrong with her? She'd barely been able to look Drew in the eye after what was undeniably the best date of her life. But then he had been looking at her and she'd thought he would want his apartment back and his day to himself and so she'd gone to get dressed.

Turning on her phone had been like a bucket of cold water tossed in her face. She'd only had a few work emails, and she set social media posts up in advance so she hadn't compromised her business by going radio silent. It hadn't even been the many stupid and charmless attempts at flirtation from various guys who had been made aware of her again by her BootyBook flub.

It had been the realization that overnight a dozen women had liked Drew's Magnificent Penis Page. Most had made comments too, and indicated that they either had personal experience with his penis or would like to. Just like that, Katrina felt insecure and wondered what was really going on. Had Drew really been celibate as he'd said? For a guy who hadn't been having sex, he didn't exactly seem out of practice.

Nor had he said one word to her about her online confession that sex was better with someone you loved. Not once had that come up in their conversations. Why wouldn't he ask what she had meant by that? Or did he not care? Was the whole thing just a way to hone his skills of seduction?

She didn't believe that. Couldn't believe that.

Yet she hadn't been able to prevent herself from bolting exactly the way she'd said she wouldn't, and the very same way he had a year earlier. Well, she had said goodbye, which he hadn't done, but still, she was acting completely insane and she needed an intervention.

She called Samantha.

"Oh, my God, why are you calling me this early? Did sex blow?"

"No. It was amazing." She tried to speak softly but as the train roared down the platform and screeched to a stop, it was impossible. "It was mind-blowing. Mind-blowing sex."

The guy next to her glanced her way. Maybe she had spoken a little too loudly. But it wasn't as though she'd given him a walk-through of o**l s*x with Drew, so he could just mind his own damn business. Which was yet one more step in her complete morning overreaction.

"I don't know why I feel upset, Sam. Why do I feel upset? I mean, Drew was like rock god meets Romeo meets p**n star and yet I feel like I'm having a heart attack. Like I'm literally having a heart attack." Katrina had heard people describe a panic attack and she was thinking this had to be what they felt like. She was clammy, her breathing shallow, and she was wringing her free hand in her dress skirt.

"Okay, calm the f**k down. What happened here that is bad?"

"I had always had a crush on Drew. I have always cared about him. But last night, I fell in love with him." That was it. She had fallen completely and irrevocably in love with Drew Jordan.

Everyone around her was on the train and the doors were already closing and she was standing there, stunned. "I'm in love with Drew."

"Okay." Samantha sounded puzzled. "So why is that a bad thing? Did you tell him that? Did he tell you to suck it or something?"

"No. I didn't tell him." The thought renewed the heart attack fear. "I sort of did already. I had that comment in my BootyBook post."

"That wasn't a confession of love," Samantha scoffed. "That was post sex gushing. Everyone knows the difference. He didn't take it seriously, I'm sure of it."

"So what am I supposed to do?"

"Um, tell him. Hello."

"But..."

What the hell was wrong with her? Was she such a complete and total wimp that she couldn't be honest with Drew?

There was nothing to lose. A week ago they hadn't been speaking.

If she said nothing, chances were high they would repeat what had happened last time, if on a less dramatic scale. There wouldn't be a fight but they would simply drift apart, stop communicating.

"How do I tell him?"

"You open your mouth and say 'I love you, Drew.'"

Katrina said nothing, chewing her lip.

"No? Well, you could use social media. You could post on his wall or his penis page. Or you could send a text."

"Send a text. You are suggesting I tell a man I love him for the first time via text."

"No, I'm suggesting you tell him in person. You're the one who's being too chickenshit to do it."

Nice.

"Fine." Katrina impatiently waited for another train since she'd missed hers. She needed a shower and a change of clothes, then she was going to do this thing, damn it.

Chapter Nine

"You could just put that you're in a relationship with her. She has to confirm it before it goes live. So if she does, you're golden. If she ignores it, you know where you stand."

Drew looked at Jason and wondered how he could possibly say anything like that with a straight face. "What are we, fifteen?"

"You're kind of acting like it." Jason reached over and plucked a fry off his plate. "And you're off your feed. That smacks of unrequited love to me."

"Thanks for the support, dick." Drew's chest hurt. He rubbed it. "I don't know what else to do. I mean, I had all the right moves, I thought. What do women want?"

"That is a mystery." Jason stole another fry. "What was she doing when she left? Did she look upset?"

"She was checking her phone."

"Bingo. Someone said something or did something."

"Well, that's helpful." Drew rolled his eyes and sat back in his chair. His burger looked disgusting. He really wasn't hungry at all.

"At least you know it wasn't anything you did. That's my point." Jason licked his fingers.

"Gross. Use a napkin."

"I suppose I should take the penis page down."

"Why?" Drew couldn't care less one way or the other and it wasn't like Jason to abandon a joke.

"Chicks are posting some suggestive stuff on it. I can't imagine Trina is digging that."

"No, I guess not." Or maybe she didn't care at all.

He was in love with her and she didn't care.

Fabulous. He picked up a fry, bit it, and discarded it.

* * *

Katrina had texted Drew, which was something of a cop-out, but she wanted to see him. So she very maturely told him she'd forgotten her bra at his place, which she hadn't.

When she got to his apartment, sweaty and agitated, he opened the door wearing his kilt. He was ready for work. Which meant she had about ten minutes if she was lucky to open her mouth and spill her guts out onto his carpet.

"Hi." He gestured for her to come in. "I'm sorry, I don't see your bra anywhere."

"I didn't actually forget it," she said, sheepishly. "I came back because I never say what I mean and I want to say what I mean even though I'm terrified of what you'll say when you hear what I have to say."

He looked utterly mystified, which anyone would after that ridiculous speech. "Okay."

"When I wrote on my BootyBook entry that sex with you was better because I was in love with you, I meant it."

"What do you mean?" He stood there, the door still partially open behind him.

"What do you mean, what do I mean?" Now she was mystified. How could he not understand that?

"I never saw that. Where did you write that?"

"In the entry log. I thought you saw it and it freaked you out or maybe you thought I didn't mean it. I do mean it."

"I never saw that. But you're saying..."

"I love you! That's what I'm saying." Jeez freaking Louise. This was harder than she'd even imagined.

But his face cleared. "Really? Like for real love?"

"I'm not faking it, if that's what you mean." Her whole body felt flushed.

"Oh. I had no idea you were going to say that." Then suddenly his face split into a grin. "I love you, too. I have, you know, for a very long time."

Thank God. Relief surged through her, followed by elation. "No, I didn't know that." Then she couldn't help but ask, "For real?"

"For real." Drew stepped forward and took her face between his hands. "Trina, I want to be with you. I am sorry for the way I left last time."

"I'm sorry for the way I left this morning. But I saw all these notifications and I wasn't sure what you were thinking.... I didn't know if I was an experiment or what." It sounded dumb saying it out loud, but dating was so damn complicated and every guy seemed to use double-talk and having everything online was just a total nightmare for a woman as in love with a man as she was with Drew.

"No experiment. It was just me trying to show you that I've matured. That I care about you. That I want a real relationship, built on friendship and love. With you."

Well. Okay, then. She couldn't prevent a smile from spreading. "Excellent."

He kissed her softly. "So this is a real relationship. We're going the distance."

She kissed him back, wrapping her arms around his neck. "I'm deleting BootyBook immediately."

"Thank God. And I'll make Jason take the penis page down."

"Perfect."

It was. Everything was perfect.

