CHAPTER ONE

Joe's Bar. Familiar stomping grounds for Alexa Collins, yet everything about the night felt off to her. First, the bar's owner and his new bride were on their honeymoon, so Joe wasn't serving. Alexa's normally happy friend Cara Hartley sat morosely stirring her drink, staring into the glass for answers, but the man who'd caused the problems was nowhere to be found. Alexa couldn't relate to guy issues considering she lived an extremely busy life, spent hours in the hospital ER, and had no time for a relationship, let alone hot, stress-relieving sex-something she could definitely use. For the last couple of weeks she'd been suffering from a definite case of the blues, and the strain of her life was beginning to wear on her.

No wonder she was in a funk.

The music now blasting through the speakers gave her a jolt akin to a caffeine kick, and Alexa perked up at the sound. Rising from her barstool, she glanced at her friend.

"I feel like dancing," Alexa announced.

With a disinterested sigh, Cara shook her head, but Alexa wasn't taking no for an answer. Cara needed to have fun and forget about Mike Marsden, the man who'd broken her heart.

She jerked her head toward the dance floor. "Dance. Now."

Cara groaned but complied, standing up on command.

Alexa looked to the third woman in their trio. "Liza?" Liza and her husband, Dare Barron, had joined them for a night out along with some other friends who mingled around the bar.

Liza swayed her hips in time to the beat of the music. "Why not? I could use some letting go."

Katy Perry's upbeat tune reverberated around them as they headed to the dance floor near the jukebox. "Teenage Dream" began the set, which segued into "Firework," one of Alexa's favorite songs. She closed her eyes and allowed herself to get lost in the moment, her body moving to the beat, her entire being consumed by the tempo and the sounds pulsing around her.

When she opened her eyes, she noticed she wasn't the only one attracted to the upbeat music. The crowd had grown in size, everyone on the floor pumping their fists, swiveling their hips, and dancing as if they were shooting across the sky as the lyrics suggested.

Dare had joined Liza, wrapping himself around his wife in a heart-melting embrace. Alexa looked away to avoid the obvious intimacy between the couple and her gaze met that of a man who sat alone at a table near the dance floor. A sinfully sexy man with shaggy, sandy blond hair and an unwavering stare.

He watched as she danced, his heavy-lidded scrutiny focused on her as he sipped at his beer. His demeanor seemed casual but his stare was anything but. Thinking of how down she'd been lately and how great this music made her feel now, she was unable to resist the impulse to crook her finger his way.

A glance told her that her best friend wasn't watching, which was a good thing considering Cara wouldn't know what had gotten into Alexa. And she would be hard-pressed to explain. All she knew, all she felt, was a bone-deep loneliness that reached into her soul, and this man's intense and interested stare provided her heart with a jump she hadn't felt in too long.

A slow smile lifted his lips and her pulse skyrocketed as he stood and made his way toward her, his swagger indicating a self-confidence that was rare. Alexa experienced that same kind of self-assuredness in medical settings, but she normally fell short in other areas of her life. Still, she'd called on that confidence when beckoning him over, and she was glad she hadn't stopped to think it through.

He joined her on the dance floor, immediately picking up the rhythm. He danced close enough for her to smell his woodsy cologne that both surrounded and aroused her. As they moved, their bodies spoke for them, their synchronicity startling for two people who'd never met, let alone danced together before. And when the music turned sultry, he was all too willing to join her for some dirty dancing. He ground his hips against hers, the swell of his erection pressing deliciously against her stomach, too intimately for strangers. But too good to deny.

So she didn't.

Instead she let the heat of desire crackle and spark between them, and fire licked at her veins as a result.

Cara eased closer and looked from Alexa to her partner, her eyebrows raised, a concerned expression on her face. Alexa ignored her. She needed this sense of freedom, the release this man provided. She hadn't realized how badly until now.

Pure enjoyment and fun.

When was the last time she'd allowed herself the luxury?

Her dance partner's hands slid to her waist. She'd worn black leggings and a cream cardigan, which she'd unbuttoned to show both cle**age and the barest hint of her lace cami underneath. She reaped the benefit of her clothing choice now, as he slid his hand beneath the layers, and she trembled at the rasp of his calloused palms caressing her sensitive skin.

A sexy grin lifted his lips and he continued the dance along with the erotic assault on her senses. She could have lingered in their intimate embrace all night, but from the corner of her eye, Alexa caught sight of Cara's ex-boyfriend, Mike Marsden, the man who'd broken her best friend's heart.

He strode up behind Cara and wrapped his arms around her. She jumped in surprise but soon settled into the embrace. Alexa figured Cara thought it was one of her guy friends joining her for a dance, because no way would she allow Mike that kind of privilege. Not without him doing some serious groveling first. Worried about her friend, Alexa kept an eye on the couple, prepared to step in if needed.

"You okay?" her dance partner asked in a Southern drawl. It was the first time she'd heard him speak, and the sexy voice fit him perfectly.

She nodded and smiled at him, her gaze roaming over his handsome face, which had dimples on either side of his perfect mouth and full lips and a faded scar above his left eyebrow. But even as she admired the view, she never lost sight of Cara, knowing her friend would do the same for her.

Mike pressed his front against Cara's back in a more intimate touch. Before Alexa could even wince, Cara whirled on her ex with a surprised then furious spark in her eyes.

The music was too loud for Alexa to hear much so she inched closer, remaining vigilant and on call.

"What are you doing here?" Cara asked, her voice tinged with the pain Alexa knew she'd suffered ever since Mike's abrupt departure.

"I'm back." His gaze never left Cara's.

"Good for you," she said with deliberate sarcasm.

He appeared as worn and ragged as Cara had earlier, before Alexa had forced a dance session on her friend.

Cara perched her hands on her hips. "And you thought you could wrap your arms around me and pick up where we left off?" she asked, her voice rising.

Oh, go girl! Alexa thought, stopping short of clapping, because Cara wasn't greeting Mike with open arms. As a cop, Cara could handle herself in any situation, but as a woman, she was more fragile. Yet she wouldn't let any man, including this one, walk all over her. Alexa was proud of her friend.

Serendipity, New York, was a small town, and Mike was the former police chief whose sudden departure had sparked many wagging tongues. Add the now loud discussion between exes and, sure enough, Cara and Mike were attracting stares from the crowd. Alexa knew they needed closure, but they didn't have to do it in front of an audience. Time to put an end to the show, Alexa thought.

Figuring she'd buy her friend some time to handle this on her own terms, she tapped Cara on the shoulder. "Are you okay?" Alexa asked.

"Yeah." But the hurt in Cara's blue eyes told another story.

"Can we go somewhere and talk?" Mike asked her.

"Seriously?" Cara blinked in obvious shock. "Let's get something straight. I don't know why you're here or for how long and I don't care. But I will not be your booty call every time you come back to town."

Alexa stifled a grin.

Behind her, she sensed her former dance partner was still there, watching the scene unfold, and Alexa spared a moment's regret for having to ditch him this way. But he was a momentary diversion, while Cara's friendship was forever. And no self-respecting woman abandoned a friend in need for a man.

"Cara-" Mike reached for her but she pushed him away, shoving at his shoulder.

"No." Cara jerked out of his reach.

Alexa moved closer. "I'm going to the ladies' room," she said, tipping her head toward the back of the bar. The silent Do you want to join me? was implied. She wanted to give Cara options before dragging her away.

Mike whispered in Cara's ear, something Alexa couldn't hear, but Cara shook her head.

Alexa turned, shooting a regretful glance at the man she'd never actually meet. "Sorry. Friendship calls." She smiled at him, wishing they'd had more time.

He nodded in surprising understanding and gestured with a sweep of his hand. "It was a pleasure," he said, the words dancing along her nerve endings, similar to the way his touch had branded her skin.

She held his stare for a few more precious seconds before breaking eye contact and focusing on Cara, who, though torn, would thank Alexa later for stepping in.

"Let's go," she said to her friend, and steered them through the crowd toward the restroom, leaving her sexy dance partner behind.

* * *

Lucas Thompson watched his dance partner walk off, her hips swaying, her delectable derriere displayed to perfection in her tight black leggings. He liked what he saw. Hell, he'd liked what he'd felt even more. She wasn't too skinny, like the NFL groupies who usually followed him around back home; her waist felt soft and generous in his hands.

He groaned and headed to the bar. A cold drink would cool him off before he went to his buddy's house somewhere in this small upstate New York town. Luke was here for a visit but his ex-teammate Sawyer Rhodes wouldn't show up till late tonight. He was busy getting his father settled into an assisted living facility today. Sawyer's plan was to stick around, fix up his father's house, and put it on the market. Since Luke was in Manhattan for meetings with his agent, he'd taken Sawyer up on his offer to stay with him instead of in some sterile hotel room in the city. As pro football players, they both had enough of that when they were on the road. He'd help Sawyer out for as long as he was in town.

Luke had pulled into the parking lot, planning to grab a beer and maybe some wings at Joe's Bar. Dancing hadn't been on his agenda. Then again neither was the russet-haired woman who'd captured his attention. She'd been a surprise in many ways, the most pleasant being that she hadn't recognized him as the tight-end of the Texas Titans. Either she wasn't a sports fan or she was more into her hometown team, the one to which Sawyer had recently been traded. Which meant her invitation to dance had been based purely on mutual attraction. Even before he'd seen her up close, and taken in those sea green eyes and the smattering of freckles on her nose, his gut told him the woman was more wholesome than any who'd crossed his path in way too long.

He'd been watching her shake those hips with undisguised interest, and when she'd crooked her finger his way, his c**k had jumped in delight.

"Want to keep a running tab?" the bartender asked as he set Luke's soda on the counter.

He shook his head. "I'll settle now." He'd already had a long day of meetings. Between his agent and the potential sponsors he'd lined up for Luke to meet with, then the hours' drive up here, Luke was beat.

Before taking off, he looked around for his woman-he chuckled at the term; he hadn't learned her name so it seemed to fit. He found her standing on the other side of the room, deep in conversation with the same guy who'd been hassling her friend earlier. Her friend, a pretty brunette, was nowhere in sight. Apparently Luke's dance partner was mediating a dispute between the two.

Luke shrugged, tamping down the disappointment. At a glance, she didn't strike him as a one-night-stand kind of woman, although considering the way she let him grind against her on the dance floor, who knew where the night would have ended if they hadn't been interrupted.

Unfortunately, he'd never know.

He set a twenty on the counter and waited for the bartender to make his way back to his end of the bar, which took a while since the place did a steady business.

Finally, Luke got his change, left a tip, and started for the door at the same time someone ran inside shouting. "Alexa! Get out back now. Cara needs a doctor!"

To Luke's surprise, his onetime dance partner turned and bolted toward the rear exit.

A doctor. Something about the information made him grin.

Luke couldn't stop the impulse to follow the crowd out back. Alexa-he knew her name now-knelt by her friend, the woman she'd been so protective of.

"What happened?" he asked the man next to him.

"Cara was attacked." The guy, who appeared about the same age as Luke's almost thirty, suddenly eyed him warily. "You're not from around here, are you?"

He hailed from a small town himself, where everyone knew everyone else, so this man's distrust didn't surprise him.

Luke shook his head. "No, sir. Here to stay with a friend." He wasn't about to mention Sawyer's name, not wanting to draw any attention to himself as a pro athlete while he was here. "But I was dancing with Alexa earlier," Luke said, more to reassure the man that he wasn't a part of whatever had gone down here.

"I see." The man nodded slowly, seeming to take Luke at his word. "Well, she's the best doctor we have. She'll be running University Hospital one day when her father steps down." Before the man could continue, a siren sounded in the distance, the noise growing closer and making it impossible to continue the conversation.

The paramedics arrived and things got even more hectic. They loaded Cara onto a stretcher and Alexa went in the ambulance, after insisting the ex-boyfriend meet her there with his car. Alexa had been too preoccupied to even realize Luke was in the group of people surrounding them, and soon the ambulance doors slammed shut and the vehicle sped away. The crowd slowly dispersed, the fun gone from the night.

Luke climbed into his car and turned on the engine. The directions to Sawyer's place were in his GPS, yet instead of turning it on, he picked up the southern route on the highway he'd taken here, and exited at signs for the hospital. The same exit he'd passed on his way to Serendipity.

He parked near the emergency entrance and scratched his head, asking himself what the hell he thought he was doing. The woman was a stranger to him but she intrigued him on a level no woman ever had. And that was saying something, considering the smorgasbord of choices laid out for him over the years. He'd enjoyed it when he was younger, but he'd be thirty next month and he was over the lifestyle that came with the fame. The booze, the women, the occasional bar fight. So. Over. It. His teammates called him an old man. So be it. Luke knew he could take each one in a fight and still have energy left over. He just knew there was more to life than partying and he was ready to find it. Whatever it was.

Right now, it was Alexa.

He'd first seen her as a sexy woman with haunting green eyes and a hot body that Luke was damned attracted to. She'd transformed into a loyal friend who'd given up a sure thing-since Luke couldn't see himself turning her down if she'd wanted to hook up-in order to look out for a pal. Then later, she'd morphed again, this time into an in-control doctor, capable of putting away her emotions and treating her unconscious friend.

In the span of thirty minutes, Luke discovered Alexa was not just beautiful but multifaceted, and as a result, she'd captivated him completely. He couldn't leave without finding out if her friend was okay and how she was doing after the night's crazy events.

Although, as he walked through the sliding ER doors, Luke had to ask himself if he wasn't a little crazy himself, pursuing a perfect stranger he'd never really met.

CHAPTER TWO

Once Alexa checked Cara over and had tests run, she diagnosed her friend with a concussion and a bruised trachea. The abusive bastard who'd attacked Cara had done so because he'd blamed her for his wife leaving him, not only because Cara was a police officer but because she was a human being who'd cared enough to take the woman under her wing. Now he was behind bars and denied bail, so Cara was safe from the man. As for Mike, Alexa had stuck around to make sure his presence didn't upset Cara, but with the sedative, she was out cold. And Mike had sat by her bedside all night, never leaving. Alexa snoozed in the on-call room, waking up to check on things before allowing herself more sleep time. By the time eight A.M. rolled around, she'd all but forgiven Mike, knowing he would do anything to repair his relationship with Cara. Alexa had no more reason to stay.

She stopped by the nurses' station and wrote down discharge instructions, then ran through them with the nurse assigned to Cara's room. "And now, I'm leaving. Call me if something urgent comes up, otherwise I'm indisposed."

She stretched her arms over her head and yawned. "I need a good meal and a couple of solid hours of uninterrupted sleep." Though at this point, she didn't know which would happen first. She might fall facedown before she ever ate.

Emily, an older nurse who'd been on staff when Alexa's father was first starting out, shook her head. "Honey, you need more than that if you're going to get a glow back in those cheeks. Do you even know what the word vacation means?"

Alexa laughed. "Not really. The chief of staff here drives me pretty hard, you know."

Emily frowned. "That father of yours is going to work you into an early grave, and for what? To keep a Collins in charge of this hospital?" A buzzer sounded, distracting the older woman, and she glanced down. "That'll be Mrs. Evans in two eleven. I swear she better need more than her pillow fluffed or I'm going to scream."

Alexa laughed as Emily walked away, but her words lingered. During these weeks of Alexa's discontent, there had been many issues she couldn't verbalize, even to herself. There were simple things in life that other people took for granted, things that Alexa just didn't have time for, like a regular social life, dating, or even a relaxing night with a friend.

She gathered her jacket and purse, and headed for the elevator. With her mind clear of worry about Cara, Alexa's thoughts immediately strayed to the sexy stranger who'd danced with her last night. The man who'd given her more in thirty minutes of dancing than she'd had in years. Her body tightened at the reminder of that too short carefree moment. Serendipity didn't get many strangers passing through, so chances were she'd never see him again. The sad fact was, even if they did cross paths, Alexa had no time for sex. But if their chemistry was any indication, he'd be so worth her making the time for.

Which brought her thoughts full circle. No time for sex, no time for a future. That was what she'd been trying so hard not to dwell on. But the sad truth was, the longer she accepted her father's mantra, that a Collins puts work first always, along with his plans for her future, the less likelihood there would be of her ever getting married. Having children, a family. And Emily was right about working herself to death, even if the other woman didn't mean it literally.

There were some days Alexa barely remembered crawling into bed at night because she was so exhausted from being on her feet at the ER.

Exactly how she was feeling now.

She stepped out of the elevator and pushed through the doors of the waiting room that led to the exit, when she heard her name spoken in a sexy drawl that could only belong to one person.

One man.

"Alexa," he repeated.

She turned to stare into a pair of golden brown eyes, which were once again focused on her. "You're here," she said, sounding as shocked as she felt. "Are you sick?"

He shook his head. "Just waitin' for you."

She blinked in surprise.

He grinned. "I was beginning to think you'd gone out another door but the guard there assured me you'd have to pass this way." He folded his arms across his broad chest. "So I waited."

"You're here for me?" A wave of pleasure rolled through her that was so strong and unique, she almost didn't recognize it.

"Are you the pretty lady who danced with me last night?" he asked with a wink.

A hot flush rose to her cheeks and she managed a nod.

"Same one who ditched me in favor of a friend?" he continued teasing her. Before she could reply he added, "I admire loyalty, by the way."

"I-"

"I'll take that as a yes, that was you. And by your scrubs, I'd say you're the same woman who turned out to be one hot doctor. Which means, yes, I'm here for you."

Alexa felt flattered and steamrolled all at the same time. "Why?" Why would he stick around all night and wait for her this morning?

"Been asking myself that same question in between Z's. The best I can come up with is that you intrigued me, we clicked, I wanted to know if your friend was okay-"

"She is." And he was sweeping her off her feet with very little effort. "You cared about my friend?"

"I cared about you." He shook his head. "Yeah, I know. Short time, crazy thing. I'm guessing after pulling an all-nighter you need breakfast?"

Whatever exhaustion she'd been experiencing had since disappeared. "That would be great," she said. "Breakfast, I mean."

He grinned, obviously pleased. "Since I'm not from around here, you're going to have to recommend someplace."

There was only one diner in Serendipity. "There's a place called The Family Restaurant on the edge of town." Unfortunately, she'd left her car at Joe's, and though she wanted to have breakfast with this man, she didn't think getting into a car with a stranger was all that smart. "Listen, I don't really know you so I'm not going to get into your car."

He immediately extended his hand. "Luke Thompson."

"Alexa Collins," she said, noticing how much smaller her hand was as she placed her palm against his. Instant awareness sizzled along her nerve endings at their handshake, telling her that last night's electricity hadn't been a fluke.

They were chemically compatible. Now, if she could make sure he wasn't a serial killer or stalker, she'd be all set, she thought wryly.

"I'm a friend of Sawyer Rhodes. Does that help?" he asked.

A small town was a small town. "The football player," Alexa said, nodding.

"I'm staying with him for a couple of days to help clean out his father's house."

She recalled her father mentioning something about recommending retirement homes. "Did Mr. Rhodes move to assisted living?"

"Yesterday," Luke confirmed. "So you know them?"

"I know the family," she murmured.

"Good enough of a reference for me to drive you to breakfast?" he asked.

She couldn't stop the smile he inspired. "Well if you're a friend of the Rhodeses, I guess you're safe enough."

He let out a laugh. "Darlin', I don't know many people who'd call me safe."

And with the way his hot gaze devoured hers, she couldn't say she felt safe, either. The Alexa she'd become didn't take chances, didn't date, and she certainly didn't give up sleep for a meal. She didn't crook her finger and invite a sexy stranger to grind with her on the dance floor, either. But the Alexa she was around this man apparently did all those things...and looked forward to doing even more.

* * *

Luke liked a woman with a healthy appetite, something he rarely saw unless he was home with his mother and sisters. Alexa ordered a serious meal: scrambled eggs, two pancakes, bacon, a large glass of orange juice, and coffee. He wasn't sure what he enjoyed more, eating his omelette or watching her devour her breakfast. She didn't seem the least bit concerned about what he might think, and by the time they'd finished their food, he had yet another reason to like this woman.

"Oh my God, I was starving," she said, wiping her mouth with a napkin and finally coming up for air.

He grinned. "Feeling better?"

She nodded, eyes sparkling. "Definitely got my second wind."

Her words hit him in the gut. He could think of a lot of things they could do to make use of that newfound energy. Instead, he did the unexpected, even to himself, and settled in to get to know her better. "So your friend's okay?"

Alexa's gaze softened. "Yes, thank God."

"And things better with her guy?"

"Probably not yet, but if Mike has his way they will be." Alexa spent the next few minutes explaining to him how Mike had what she called "sticking" issues, but that she'd never seen him so intent on making things right. "So I'll give him that chance. But if he hurts her again, I'll remind him I'm an expert with a scalpel."

Luke made a mental note to remember that, too. "Bloodthirsty?" he asked.

"Just not squeamish. I've been around medicine since I was born. My father's a doctor, too."

He nodded, enjoying this glimpse into who she was. "And you followed in his footsteps?"

"It was mandatory," she said, taking a sip of her freshly refilled coffee. "Especially after mom died and I had no one to stick up for what I might want," she admitted.

"How old were you?"

"Ten."

He winced, unable to imagine his sisters getting through their teenage years without their mother's steadying influence. "I'm sorry."

"Thanks. How about you?" she asked, clearly deflecting. "Parents? Siblings?"

"Hmm. Both parents still alive and married, and three sisters."

She opened her mouth, then closed it again. "And you came out a jock anyway?" she asked, laughing.

He grinned. "My dad was the high school football coach and I was the oldest. All pretty much worked in my favor." His mom got her girls to fuss over and his dad worked hard kicking Luke's butt and nurturing his talent.

"You were lucky," she murmured.

"Yeah, I was."

"Did you always know you wanted to play football?" she asked, leaning closer, clearly interested in his answer. Interested in him.

He nodded. "Pretty much. It came naturally and I always loved it. Still do. Not just the playing but everything about the life. How about you, Doctor?"

"The idea of being a doctor? Yeah, that I wanted. A lot. The reality?" She shrugged. "It's been a lot tougher than I thought."

"The actual work? The hours? Or what?"

She leaned back in her seat with a full-blown sigh. "I love medicine. I love to treat people, kids especially. But my path hasn't been pediatrics. Ever since I came back to town, my dad pulled me into his practice, his hospital, grooming me to be his successor as chief of staff. So I work the ER, I help out with the administrative duties, I oversee doctors and nurses and shifts and OR schedules. And because I don't want to lose touch with medicine, I keep hours at the office with patients."

"Doesn't sound like you have much time left for you."

"You caught that, huh?" She laughed.

Even knowing her less than twenty-four hours, Luke knew the sound was forced. "You were out dancing last night."

"That was an effort to get Cara out of the house so she'd stop thinking about Mike. I had to get someone to cover for me in order to do it."

"Doesn't the hospital have enough doctors to give you more normal hours?" he asked, understanding that the weariness in her expression obviously came from more than being up all last night with her friend.

"Not if I don't want someone else to usurp the position my father's been grooming me for."

He noted she didn't say it was the position she wanted. But it wasn't his place to point that out. She was a big girl and if her life made her unhappy, she'd change it. "You looked like you were enjoying yourself last night. Before the excitement went down," he amended.

"I made time to go out for Cara's sake but once I hit the dance floor, I realized how much I needed the break. And then I caught sight of you." Her voice dropped, the slightly breathless hitch catching him off guard, in some ways as reassuring as it was sexy.

She studied him intently, making Luke wonder what was going on in that beautiful head of hers. And she was beautiful. Even without much sleep, little makeup, and in hospital scrubs, Alexa Collins, with her gleaming chestnut hair, creamy skin, and intelligent eyes, stood out. But it was more than her looks, though he liked staring at her. He enjoyed talking to her, too. And thinking back on their dancing had him itching to get his hands on the body he'd barely touched the night before.

"What happened when you caught sight of me?" He pressed her to continue because she'd invited him onto the dance floor with her. Because she'd let him get close enough to turn them both on. And because she'd agreed to have breakfast with him this morning.

The waitress had just set the check on the table and Luke knew where he wanted them to end up next. He just wasn't sure she'd be on board. Then again, she'd been staring at him on and off throughout the meal, her interest as obvious as his. The chemistry was still there, alive and brewing with an intensity he'd never experienced, not in an ordinary setting like this diner. Hell, not in any place at any time. Something different was happening between them, and he wondered if she felt it, too.

She bit into her lower lip, making him wonder if that fleshy portion was as soft as it looked. If she'd taste sweet like the maple syrup on her pancakes.

"When I looked at you, everything around me disappeared," she said softly, her words more sugary than he'd hoped.

She reached out and placed her hand over his. "Come home with me?" she asked.

He hadn't expected her to be so blunt, but she'd described her life as hectic and without much time for herself. If she wanted something, she'd have to reach out and take it when she could. She obviously viewed him as her break, an escape from daily life, and the irony of it was, that was exactly what he wanted to give her.

"Darlin', there's nothing I'd like more."

CHAPTER THREE

As a grown woman, Alexa knew what she was doing when she invited Luke home. She just couldn't believe she'd done it. She blamed her lack of sleep and the fact that he'd gotten her to talk about herself, her career, and her lack of personal time. Not only had her guard been down, but she'd been reminded of all that was missing in her life. Sitting across the booth from the hottest guy she'd seen in her lifetime, one who looked at her like she was something special and wanted to eat her up...how could she not allow herself this one indulgence? She certainly wouldn't be working today whether or not Luke Thompson, pro football player, joined her in bed.

Although she hadn't changed her mind about her invitation, she experienced a twinge of awkwardness as she gave him directions to her house, a small three-bedroom she'd bought from the bank when the owners foreclosed and moved out of state. She might not spend much time there, but it was home and she'd done all she could decor-wise to make the house her own. Having grown up in one of the larger mansions in the wealthier part of town, in a place her father had turned into an art showcase after her mother died, Alexa focused on homey touches instead. White walls, lavender trim, and real plants that needed watering, which was something she made time for each week.

As Luke followed her into her house, Alexa was acutely aware of him taking in his surroundings.

"Pretty place," he said as she placed her bag and keys onto the foyer table.

"Thanks." She didn't turn to face him, wondering if she should invite him up to her room. Or into the kitchen for a drink first. Her gaze fell to the clock on the wall.

Ugh. It was ten A.M. No drink.

She'd been at the hospital all night and felt grimy. How could she have thought to ask him here? And now that she had, how did she begin? Did she just jump him in the hallway? Dating a colleague, she'd done that on occasion. Bringing men home? Not ever. She was so out of practice at this sort of thing it wasn't funny. Her thoughts were all over the place, as were her nerves. And now she couldn't stop her mind from going a hundred miles an hour.

Suddenly she felt him step up behind her, his body heat warm against her back as he pushed her hair off her shoulders. "Relax," he said in a deep voice that melted her bones. "We've got all day and you're wound tight. Why don't you go up and shower. I'll still be here when you're through."

How did he know exactly what she needed?

"Okay," she said softly.

"It's going to be so good," he promised, then settled his lips settled against her neck and nibbled on her skin.

She curled her hands around the edge of the table and bent her head forward, giving him better access. He nipped, licked, and soothed with his tongue. Nerves forgotten, she trembled, desire licking at her from the inside out.

"Better go," he said, his hand cupping her behind. "Unless you want to start this right here."

With a pained groan, she stepped aside. "Meet me in my bedroom." She ran for the stairs and headed up to shower.

* * *

Luke watched Alexa walk up the few steps in her split-level house, his eyes on her ass. Her body was well hidden in the generous scrubs, yet he found her appealing anyway. With a groan, he shifted his gaze and looked around, not surprised the woman he'd begun to know had an honest to goodness house with a white picket fence. The color scheme was a soft white and light purple, and the whole place radiated warmth. She was everything-and nothing-like he'd expected, and unraveling her layers was as exciting to him as a new playbook each season.

Speaking of plays, giving her time alone had been a strategic move designed to make her more comfortable. Yeah, she'd have time to think too much, but she'd also be able to pull herself together. And he sensed a woman like her needed to feel good about herself in order to get into bed with a man. He had sisters, and though he refused to think about them having sex, he still knew how nice girls thought. Alexa reminded him of his sisters, girls willing to take a walk on the wild side, but who didn't do it often. Good girls.

The kind he'd want to see again.

And now he was getting ahead of himself. So with a last look around the house, which was pretty but was missing personal touches like family photos-which his mom filled both her house and his apartment with-he headed up to find her bedroom.

The sound of running water alerted him to the right room, and he stepped into an ultrafeminine area, draped white curtains, too many frilly pillows, and, of course, purple touches everywhere. He grinned at her consistency. When the shower water shut off, his groin immediately hardened. The next thing he heard was the sounds of her moving around, picking things up, putting them down. He kicked off his shoes and settled onto her bed.

He didn't have to wait long. She stepped out of the bathroom. A scent he didn't recognize but would forever associate with this moment seeped out of the bathroom along with the humid air. One look at her and his breath literally fled. Her hair, which had been pulled back earlier, was now damp and fell around her face in tangled waves. When wet, the long strands appeared darker, her green eyes standing out against her pale skin even more. She wore a deep purple robe-no surprise-but the rich silk material clung to her curves and parted in a seductive vee that showed more than a generous hint of cle**age. It ended mid-thigh, and he realized she had long, toned legs. Sexy legs. And her pretty, makeup-free features gave him his first glimpse of the real woman beyond the seductress from the dance floor and the competent doctor who'd taken over in an emergency.

A woman he wanted beneath him immediately.

He extended his hand and she walked forward, no hesitation in her step, though he definitely saw nerves flickering in her eyes and she paused by the foot of the bed. "C'mere, darlin'."

She eased herself onto the edge of the mattress. "Your Texas accent's stronger when you turn on the charm."

"I'm not turning on anything. I'm already there," he said, hiding nothing in his words. And if she looked at his jeans, she'd have proof. Very hard proof.

Her lips parted on what sounded like an eager sigh. Taking that as his cue, he reached out, hooked an arm around her waist, and rolled her on top of him. She felt good and smelled better. He positioned her over him, her legs draped around his hips, her body above his, ripe and ready for taking. He wrapped his arms around her waist, which had the added bonus of her pressing her warm heat over his aching erection.

Her eyelids fluttered closed and she arched her back, rocking once, then twice against him, her entire body trembling like she was already on the edge.

Damn.

"Need something?" As he asked, he thrust his hips upward.

She whimpered something he couldn't understand.

"Say it again," he managed, gritting his teeth and forcing himself to hold on to the last shreds of his control, and it wasn't easy. Not since high school had a woman gotten him this hard, this fast, ready to go off while still fully dressed.

She opened her eyes but didn't meet his gaze. "It's been so long for me," she said, her cheeks pinkening at the admission.

He swallowed hard, not wanting to think too deep on that. "Then I'd better make it good for you," he said, before finally kissing that gorgeous mouth.

Her lips touched his and immediately parted, the kiss going from zero to one eighty in seconds. She fit against him perfectly, kissed like a dream, and drank from him like she'd been starving for a taste of him for years.

He held her head in position and took everything she was willing to give. And she gave plenty, her tongue twirling against his, her lower body in motion, and soon they were going at it like kids in the backseat of a car. He slid his hand beneath her robe, expecting a silken barrier. Instead he found heaven. Warm, moist heat greeted him and he slid his finger inside her wet sheath.

She groaned and kissed him harder, her hips grinding in insistent circles against him while he thrust his fingers deeper. She stiffened and cried out, coming apart around him, over him, and completely overwhelming him with the intensity and swiftness of her orgasm.

Her body trembled for a while after, and he held on until she rolled off him, propping herself up on one elbow.

Her gaze was soft on his. "That was amazing."

"Glad you liked it." He made quick work of the robe, peeling the silk off her shoulders, revealing her body to him for the first time.

Luke might be a jock but he was never at a loss for words. This glimpse of her did it. Pale from lack of sun, her skin was porcelainlike in sheen, gleaming with a mixture of dampness and moisturized beauty. "Perfect," he said, stroking his finger over one dusky nipple.

She moaned and he dipped his head for a taste. Her fragrant scent surrounded him, providing an added sensual high, as if he weren't already feeling enough. Luke's tongue swirled around her nipple, laving over her breast. The tiny bud tightened and a shudder hit her hard. So damned responsive, he could watch her come over and over again without getting bored.

Alexa had never felt so much. A lick, a touch from Luke, and she felt the pull from her nipple to her core, becoming fully aroused all over again.

Wonder overwhelmed her and she arched against him, seeking more. She was a one orgasm a night-or in this case day-kind of woman. Normally she didn't think much of it, but the steady beat between her thighs made her hope that, just maybe, she wasn't finished yet. She liked the thought.

She also appreciated that he'd made her come first, which had the effect of relaxing her and making her more comfortable around him. And completely ready. She wanted more of him, wanted him inside her. But she wasn't selfish. Aware he was doing all the giving, Alexa levered herself up onto her knees.

"Your turn," she said in a husky voice she barely recognized. "Undress."

His golden brown eyes met hers. Without hesitating, he sat up and pulled off his shirt, giving her a glimpse of tanned skin, muscles that showed how hard he worked on his physique, and a sprinkling of light brown hair that covered his sexy chest.

She swallowed hard, her gaze never wandering as he reached for the button on his jeans. He stood, shucked them off, and returned to bed gloriously naked, completely erect, and so very, very male.

He took her breath away and, hesitantly, she reached for him. He grasped her wrist and placed her hand against his chest. His heart beat out a rapid rhythm that she knew was all for her. She added her other hand, soaking up his hard heat.

"It's your turn," she said again, trailing a path downward with her hand.

"I'm not keepin' count. That said, I'm not going to argue, either." He pulled her against him and she got lost in another kiss that shot her ability to think to high heaven.

He surrounded her with his lips, his body, his scent, and when he eased her down to the bed, all she could do was feel his strength-and his impressive erection at the juncture of her thighs. She sighed at the brief contact, flesh against flesh, the tip of him merely grazing her most sensitive parts.

"Condom," she managed.

"Shit." He raised his head. "I was going to buy them in the hospital store but I figured you'd think that was too cocky."

"I have some," she murmured. But not for the reasons he probably thought. "I sometimes guest at the high school, teaching sex ed. Gotta have condoms if you want teenagers to get the safe sex talk."

He tipped his head back and laughed. "Damn, I'd have liked to learn sex ed from someone who looked like you." He chuckled some more before sobering. "Where are they?" he asked.

"My purse." She pointed to the dresser across the room.

He rose and returned in a flash, handing her the bag. She reached inside and handed him a foil packet. He tore it open and sheathed himself by the time she'd tossed her purse onto the floor. Then he was back, his big body over hers, staring into her eyes at the same time he thrust deep, penetrating her hard and fast.

She sucked in a breath and he stilled.

"Breathe, darlin'. And relax." His warm voice reverberated through her.

"It's been a while," she said, repeating herself.

He stroked her cheek with the back of his hand and she responded instantly, her entire body easing, growing accustomed to him.

"That's it," he murmured.

Just the sound of his voice had her relaxing, and soon he was able to move inside her easily. His eyes darkened and he picked up rhythm, gliding in and out as if he were made to be there, arousing her body with every perfect thrust until the sensations took her back to the peak of pleasure. She met his eager thrusts, sought harder, deeper penetration, and he complied.

His hips pumped faster, hitting just the right spot, and just as he groaned and came hard, Alexa joined him, sparks flying as she came-again-harder than she ever had in her entire life.

* * *

Luke woke up in an unfamiliar place. He took stock and realized immediately he wasn't drunk, thought back to yesterday and grinned. He was in Alexa Collins's bed in her pretty purple bedroom. Normally, waking up in a one-night stand's house would bother him, but Alexa wasn't his typical hookup. In fact, she didn't feel like a one-nighter at all.

They'd spent the day in her bed, ordered in Chinese for dinner, ate, and had more sex in her living room, followed by another round in her bed, before he fell asleep with her cuddled into him. He woke up this morning feeling pretty darn good. Luke didn't understand it, probably because he'd never experienced anything like it-anyone like her. He might not get it, but he knew one thing for sure-he wasn't finished with the good doctor just yet.

He rolled over, only to find the other side of the bed empty.

He patted the sheet and groaned. Not just empty. Cold. She'd obviously been up and gone awhile. Well, wasn't that a kicker. The first time he wanted more from a woman, she obviously didn't care enough to wake him to say good-bye.

He rose from the bed and discovered a note on top of his clothes, which Alexa had folded and placed on her dresser.

Thanks for last night. Emergency at hospital. Let yourself out. A.

Well damn.

CHAPTER FOUR

"Are you sure your father wasn't a hoarder?" Luke asked Sawyer, as they lugged yet more boxes of admitted crap from the basement out to the curb.

Sawyer dropped his box with a groan. "No comment."

The day had dawned sunny and hot for a July morning in New York.

"You know what's in these things?" Luke asked as he wiped the sweat from his forehead with the back of his arm.

"Fishing magazines. Now can we talk about something else? Like where the hell have you been?"

"When did you become my Goddamned mother? I called to tell you I wouldn't be here till later this morning."

"You also said you met someone. Then you walked in here and not a word about it. Serendipity's a small town. Chances are I know her. So tell me more."

Luke had no intention of standing around and gossiping like a girl. Ignoring his buddy, he headed back to the house for another load of trash.

"Was she any good?" Sawyer asked, pushing for answers.

Not that Luke blamed him. In the past, they'd never hesitated to share information if they picked up a hot chick after a game or out of town. Thing was, it'd been a long while since Luke had been on that path. The same for Sawyer. So maybe that explained the other man's interest.

"What's wrong? Dry spell so bad you have to live vicariously through me?" Luke asked as Sawyer caught up to him inside the house.

Sawyer opened the fridge and tossed Luke a vitaminwater, then took one himself and chugged it down before meeting Luke's gaze. "Touchy and secretive about a hookup with a tramp who doesn't mind doing you not twenty-four hours after meeting you."

Luke clenched his teeth and silently counted to ten, reminding himself that this was Sawyer's way of provoking him into replying. Sawyer wasn't Mr. Sensitive, but he wasn't a jackass about women, either.

"Not going there," Luke said.

He wasn't in the right frame of mind to talk about Alexa. Truth be told, he was pissed she'd left him alone in her bed. The least she could have done was wake him before she headed out. Sad thing was, he'd done it to many women in the past, never thinking how shitty it would feel to be on the other end. And maybe some women could handle it. Hell, if certain females had left his bed before he woke up he'd have been one happy man, not that he'd tempted fate by letting them stay. He knew better than to set up expectations. And maybe that's why he felt so crappy now. One-night stand or not, he liked her enough to see her again. Clearly she didn't feel the same and that sucked.

"Hey. I'm serious. Who is it? Obviously she got to you, and if I know her, maybe I can help." Sawyer hopped up on the counter.

Now that Sawyer realized Luke was really bothered, he'd cut the bullshit. And that was the friend Luke would talk to. "Alexa Collins," Luke finally said.

Sawyer's mouth opened wide. "No shit? The doctor?"

"One and the same."

His friend let out a slow whistle. "You don't mess round. Class all the way. No wonder she got to you."

Luke downed half the bottle of vitaminwater and let it stand as his answer. Sawyer was right. Alexa had gotten to him and he didn't know what to do about it. "Do you know her?"

"Her dad's my father's doctor and he spent a lot of time with my old man over the past couple of months. When I was around, I picked up some things."

"Like?" He propped a hip against the counter and waited.

"She's an all work, no play kind of woman. Doesn't seem like you'd have much in common there." Sawyer raised an eyebrow.

"Then you'd be wrong." They'd hit it off. Everything about her interested him. "From her perspective it sounded more like her father had pushed her in the career direction she took. It's expected of her but I'm not sure she's that happy with the end result."

"Her old man says she's taking over as chief of staff at University Hospital when he retires. She's a shoo-in with the board. And to keep herself there, she has no playtime. Hell, man. I don't think she knows how to play."

"Oh, she knows how," Luke muttered.

Sawyer laughed hard at that. "I take it you would know."

"Not goin' there," Luke repeated.

"Yeah, protective and silent. She got to you. So what are you going to do about it?"

Luke tipped his head back and stared at the ceiling. "If I were smart? Nothing."

"Why the hell not?"

"I live in Texas, man. She's from here. I ought to leave it as a one-night stand." The thought made him want to puke. That right there was a sign.

"But you won't."

Luke shook his head. "No, I won't."

"Got a plan?"

Only what had been kicking around in his head since Sawyer told him Alexa was known as an all work, no play kind of woman. Luke shrugged and replied, "I'm gonna teach her how to have fun."

* * *

After the night she spent with Luke, Alexa bounced through her rounds of patients in the morning and her meetings after, and she was still bouncing on a high when her father caught up with her right before lunch. Her body still tingled in all the best places. Long-neglected places. Places that were now happy and thanking a certain football player for making them come alive.

"Alexa, what's this I hear about you treating children at the youth center downtown?" Alan Collins was a good-looking man, with dark brown hair that had only a hint of silver, and distinguished features. Unfortunately his perpetual scowl and all-business attitude turned many people off and prevented them from seeing some of his finer qualities.

He'd raised her alone and though he'd directed her life, she'd never doubted that he loved her. She'd certainly seen those qualities when she was a child; she just hadn't been the recipient of them recently. Her father had lost his ability to enjoy life, something else he was trying hard to pass onto his daughter.

"Well?" he asked, when she didn't answer right away.

She placed the stack of folders down on the top of the counter at the nurses' station.

She should have known he'd get word of her activities last weekend. "Strep was going around, some of the kids weren't feeling well, and I offered to take a look."

"Did you use hospital supplies to do it?" he asked.

She straightened her shoulders. "No, I did not. I paid for those supplies with my own money, and how dare you suggest otherwise."

"Did it not occur to you that you could treat paying patients with your time?"

A steady pain began to throb in her temple. "Then sick children would go untreated."

"Their parents could take them to their pediatrician and pay there."

Those same parents sent their kids to the youth center so they could work, even on the weekends, not that her father would understand. "I don't have to account to you for my time off." She turned to the nurse behind her, who was blatantly eavesdropping. "Can you please make sure you mark down all the medication changes I made so my patients get their correct doses?" She patted the charts she'd finished with.

"Yes, Dr. Collins." The other woman picked up the folders and walked away.

Alexa turned back to her father. "Now, as I was saying-"

"If you have enough time to treat gratis, perhaps I should give you more hours in the ER."

She clenched her jaw and breathed in deep, deciding to ignore his bluster and call him on his complete lack of emotion when it came to the important things in Alexa's life. "Did you happen to hear who I spent the night before last treating?"

Her father blinked. "I haven't checked the roster of patients."

"What about town news? Did you hear that Cara was attacked?"

"Cara?"

"Hartley. My best friend," she reminded him.

Since Alexa was from the wealthier side of town and Serendipity kids tended to run in cliques, Alexa hadn't grown up hanging in the same circles as Cara, and she was a few years older. But when she'd returned to Serendipity after med school, she and Cara had become reacquainted and grew close. Not that her father paid attention to his daughter's friends.

"An abusive ass**le almost strangled her behind Joe's. I spent all night treating and worrying about her, and all you can talk to me about is that I treated sick children, as if there's something wrong with that?" Alexa asked, her voice rising.

"Alexa, darlin', glad I found you," a familiar voice said.

Luke.

She glanced away from her father only to realize Luke must have come over while they were arguing and she hadn't noticed. She'd been too busy making a spectacle, something that Luke, from the pissed-off look in his eyes, had obviously noticed.

"Am I interrupting something?" he asked.

"Who are you?" her father eyed Luke warily.

Alexa swallowed over the answer that came to mind. Dad, meet the hot guy I picked up at Joe's, took home for wild sex, then left sleeping in my bed this morning. She had no doubt what Alan Collins would think about the way his daughter had chosen to spend her day off yesterday. Or the night that followed.

He wouldn't appreciate her choice any more than she'd figured Luke would appreciate the note she'd left him, one she'd deliberately kept brusque enough that he wouldn't think she was a clingy female. She'd tossed in a little white lie about having an emergency so she'd have an excuse for slipping out and avoiding the awkward morning after. Her plan seemed sound, since she hadn't expected to see Luke again. Even if she'd thought about running into him, it wouldn't have been here in the hospital, and definitely not so soon after the best, most explosive night of her life.

"Luke Thompson," he said, extending his hand toward her father.

"Dr. Alan Collins." The two men shook hands. "Which still doesn't answer my question. Who are you and what do you want from my daughter?"

Alexa groaned. She was almost thirty-one years old and her father was acting like he had a right to ask. Jesus. "Dad, Luke's a...he's a friend." She caught his sizzling gaze and was happy he accepted that description and kept his mouth shut. "And we're going to talk. In private."

"You have patients to see," her father said, inserting himself into the conversation.

"No, I have lunch to eat."

"Great! Because I came to take you out. I have a picnic basket in the car," Luke said, having no problem interrupting and disagreeing with the other man.

"It's chilly outside!" Alexa whipped her head toward him and looked, really seeing him for the first time. He wore a cream sweater that made his tanned skin even more appealing, and his golden eyes sparkled as if he had some plan in mind.

"My daughter's right. And she doesn't go out for lunch, she eats in the cafeteria so she can be around if she's needed."

Luke scowled at her father. "I know it's cold, darlin'. I'm freezing down to my Texas bones. But if I've learned anything in the last twenty-four hours, it's that you need to loosen up and have fun. So we're getting out of here and having a picnic lunch somewhere private. Then you can come back and work."

Her father stared at Luke as if the man had lost his mind.

Alexa was sure she'd have been doing the same thing-if she wasn't so tempted by both his offer and the man himself. He hadn't been put off by her note. He'd sought her out. Planned something special. And then there was the little fact that the vein in her father's head began throbbing-the one that pulsed harder when she did something he didn't agree with.

The devil on her shoulder wanted to stick it to Alan and do something that Alexa wanted for a change. But more important, the woman inside her that Luke had awakened last night wasn't going quietly back to sleep.

She glanced at Luke, hoping to convey both her gratitude and the desire he'd reignited in one quick look. "Let me get my coat," she said.

His grin-and the fire in his eyes-assured her he definitely shared her underlying desire.

"Alexa, we aren't finished with this conversation," her father said.

She straightened her shoulders. "I'm sure you're not, Dad. But I am. At least for now." But one thing she knew for sure: the argument and his pressure would be waiting for her when she returned.

* * *

Now Luke knew what Alexa was up against when it came to her father and her career. The man was a bastard, and though she stood up to him, it was no wonder she had no time for a social life or any kind of fun. Which made his mission all the more worthwhile. Sawyer thought Luke was insane but he'd recommended a place where he could take Alexa for privacy. He agreed that The Family Restaurant was the best place for him to pick up sandwiches and chips. Luke had a plan. He was in town for a couple of days, and he intended to make good use of them with Alexa.

He drove her out to the lake at the far edge of Serendipity. He parked the car and led her to the cabin on the lake that Sawyer's father owned. The Rhodes men used the place for summer fishing but Sawyer assured him all he had to do was turn on the heat and the boiler would kick in.

Alexa had been silent on the drive and he had no doubt she was angsting over leaving work, the argument with her father, and now being alone with him. He hopped out and headed to her side in time to help her out of the high truck.

"Thank you." She glanced over her shoulder at the rustic cabin behind them. "Whose place is this?"

"Sawyer and his dad's." Luke clasped her hand and led her toward the door. "Let's get inside, I'll turn the heat up and go back out for the food."

"You really thought this through," she murmured as he toyed with the thermostat and, thankfully, the loud rumbling noise indicated they were in business.

"You left me with plenty of time to do it," he said, referring to the time after she'd abandoned him in bed.

"I had an emergency," she said, rubbing her hands together, but not meeting his gaze.

"Did that emergency involve getting the hell out before you had to face me?" He wanted to clear the air before the lie went any further. Luke was a light sleeper, and if her phone, beeper, cell, or whatever had gone off, he'd have heard it. If she was scheduled to be at work, she'd have just said that. She hadn't. Besides, Luke had used deception often enough in similar situations to recognize it.

He wanted to think they were different than any old one-night stand, and right here, right now, he intended to find out if he was right.

CHAPTER FIVE

Luke called her on her deception and Alexa reared back in shock. No man had ever questioned her motives or truthfulness before, not in a relationship and not on the job. In fact, she was so used to people respecting her word-well, everyone except her father, and because he respected nobody's word, he didn't count-she couldn't believe this man had seen through her and called her on the lie.

It humbled her.

It embarrassed her.

She forced herself to face him. "You may be a pro at one-night stands, but I'm not. I thought it would be easier on both of us if I just left."

He blinked, obviously startled that she'd opted for the truth without trying to bluster through.

She taught her interns that if they made a mistake, it was better to own up to it and face the consequences. She could do no less in her personal life.

His eyes darkened. "I may have been a pro at it once, but it's been a long time since I pulled a stunt like that."

It was her turn to blink. "Really?"

He grinned. "Yep. You're not the end of a long line, darlin'. Not by a long shot."

"At least not lately."

He laughed. "Exactly."

She wondered why not and decided not to ask. "Yet despite my leaving, you came after me." She bit down on her lower lip, pondering that fact.

He'd done a lot more than just come to talk, too, she thought, taking in the bags filled with food on the counter and the cabin he'd appropriated the keys for.

"You're an eye-opener," he said, answering her unspoken question. "I've been on the doing end, never on the receiving end of waking up alone, and I didn't like what I learned."

She winced. "I'm sorry."

"Don't be. I'm a man who likes to learn a good lesson. And if I thought you left 'cuz you weren't interested, I wouldn't be here now."

She couldn't stop the smile his words inspired. "So you think I'm interested."

A dimple formed in one cheek. "Don't think it. I know it."

"Cocky." She liked the hint of ego in him and figured it fit his sports persona. Oddly, the display of conceit made him even more appealing.

Not that she'd let him know it so easily.

She folded her arms across her chest, and narrowed her gaze. "Whatever gave you the impression that I'm still interested?" she asked.

"I could either count the orgasms you had or point out the pink flush in your cheeks when I showed up to ask you out today. Your choice."

She just couldn't bring herself to be offended and burst out laughing instead. "Okay fine. You win. So what's in the bags?" She swept her arm out toward the packages he'd brought in from the car.

"Don't change the subject. I want to hear you say it." He stepped forward and she inched away, the dance continuing until her back hit the wall.

"Say what?" she managed, this despite the fact that he loomed over her, a large, imposing, sexy male who smelled as good as he looked. At his nearness, her breath hitched and memories of him surrounding her in other ways rushed through her.

"I need to hear you say you're still tempted. By me," he said, his mouth hovering over hers.

She caught the hint of mint on his breath and sighed into him. He had her and he knew it. "I'm tempted," she murmured.

A pleased gleam flickered in his gaze at the admission, but he still didn't move, studying her instead of kissing her senseless like she wanted. Needed. Craved.

"I only have an hour or so for lunch," she reminded him.

He muttered a soft curse and sealed his lips over hers. He swirled his tongue with hers in a way that had her body heating, which was saying something since her jacket already had her roasting. And she kissed him back for all she was worth, wrapping her arms around his neck and getting lost in the moment.

Until he broke their connection with a harsh groan.

"What? Why?" she asked, disappointed and bereft.

"Because you only have an hour or so and you need to eat." He stepped back, shrugged off his jacket, and began to unpack the bags. "Is there any chance I can convince you to play hooky this afternoon?"

She looked into his hopeful gaze, and for the first time in her adult life, the thought of doing something other than work was actually tempting. "I wish I could, but I have a meeting with the parents of one of my younger patients." Disappointment filled her and she wished her afternoon consisted of something cancelable.

"But you considered it." He stared at her for a beat, his expression...pleased. Then he turned and began to unpack food, pulling out plastic-wrapped sandwiches on plastic plates, complete with chips. Real silverware came next, followed by two large thermoses.

"What's in those?" she asked.

"Hot chocolate."

"Oh, yum, my favorite!"

"I know."

She wrinkled her nose. "How?"

"I made friends with Gina Donovan, pumped her for your favorite orders and asked her to pack everything up for me." He shrugged and began to peel the wrapping off the food.

She ought to help, but remained frozen in place, stunned by the lengths to which he'd gone to make this picnic, as he'd called it, special. For her.

No one had ever considered her favorite foods, or gone out of his way to make her feel important. She hadn't had her mom to do it. She barely remembered her mother, and her father's mother, who'd moved in to help him out, had about as much of a soft streak as he did. Forget the men in her life; even the ones she'd dated on occasion knew she didn't have time or wasn't giving them one hundred percent, and so they didn't bother with an attempt to win her heart anyway.

In an insanely short time, Luke Thompson had made her feel cared for and treasured. And she didn't know what to do with that.

"Luke?" She softly called his name.

He turned from his task. "What's up?"

She swallowed over the lump in her throat, the words escaping before she could think them through or stop them. "I can't play hooky this afternoon, but can I have a rain check for tomorrow?"

* * *

When Alexa asked him for a rain check, elation had soared through Luke as strong as after any touchdown he'd scored. He knew how difficult it must have been for her to convince herself that she could take time off from work. That she'd do it to be with him, well, it blew his mind.

"You've got yourself a date," he'd promised her.

Afterward, they'd enjoyed their lunch at the cabin, cleaned up, and made out a little bit. He grinned at the memory of them sitting on the old, beat-up couch, kissing and groping. He'd ended up aroused to the point of pain. She'd ended up grumpy and annoyed, but he'd left her hanging, too, reminding her that good things come to those who wait.

Then he'd driven her back to the hospital, walked her to the big sliding doors at the entrance, kissed her in front of he didn't care who, and sent her back inside with a goofy grin on her face. Not that he'd told her that. He figured Dr. Alexa Collins wouldn't appreciate knowing she'd returned to work well kissed.

Laughing, he'd driven back to Sawyer's and helped his buddy, who'd rented a Dumpster to get rid of the garbage his father had accumulated. That night, he and Sawyer had shared a couple of beers and watched a movie, and now, the next morning, Luke was implementing the next phase of teaching Alexa how to have fun.

"Where are we going?" she asked as he helped her into his truck.

He glanced at her, discovering yet another facet to her personality. She looked like a happy young woman, not a sexy siren, an uptight doctor, or even the tense daughter he'd seen yesterday. Today she had on a pair of jeans with boots over them and a light sweater, her long hair pulled into a ponytail. She was, in a word, breathtaking.

"It's a surprise," he said, controlling his emotions.

She clapped her hands together in excitement, and again he experienced a wave of passion so strong it nearly drowned him. He'd given her that rosy flush in her cheeks from just these plans alone.

"Another picnic?" she asked.

"Among other things," he said, deliberately vague and teasing. It wouldn't do to reveal his intentions. Part of having fun involved spontaneity, something else he sensed she hadn't had much of in her well-organized, routine life.

"How about a hint?" She curled her legs under her and turned toward him as he pulled out of her driveway.

He laughed. "How about not?"

Her phone rang and she pulled it out of her pocket, glanced down, and hit send. The next ten minutes consisted of her talking to someone at the hospital about medications and various patients.

He clenched his jaw and tried not to let his annoyance get the better of him. He respected her job. Hell, who wouldn't? But they'd planned for this. He didn't have a huge temper but he was finding he was impatient when it came to anyone or anything cutting into his limited time with Alexa. He had to head home tomorrow for his niece's birthday party on Saturday. He had only this limited time with a woman he wanted way more from-he knew it already.

Most people would call him crazy. Most, but not his mother, who'd met his father and called it love at first sight. He'd romanced her, she'd fallen hard, they married quickly and stayed together happily. Besides, it wasn't like he was a child. His sisters were younger than him and they were all married with kids. He'd been through dating and living enough to know Alexa was the one he wanted to test some serious waters with.

How they would do that, with her living in New York and him in Texas, he had no idea. But for now, every minute counted.

He stopped the car down the street from his ultimate destination, not wanting to ruin the surprise, and parked.

By the time Luke climbed out of the truck, Alexa waited by the trunk for him to open it up and reveal his surprise. She hopped up and down, excitement filling her, wondering what he had planned for them today.

"I can't imagine what you're like at Christmas," Luke said, chuckling.

"Christmas was never like this," she spoke, more to herself than to him.

He turned, one hand propped on the trunk door, eyeing her with a serious look on his face. "Talk."

She sighed, knowing that, once again, she'd be revealing something more about herself and, oddly enough, wanting to share with him. "Dad didn't have time for a tree, his mother didn't care, hence...no tree."

Luke stiffened. "No tree." He sounded appalled, his expression disgusted.

"Okay, now you know. I come from a family of Scrooges." She ducked her head and avoided his gaze. "So if the bloom's off this rose, you can take me back home now," she said, wanting to give him an out.

"Hey." He touched her arm. "I wouldn't take you home just because you never had a Christmas tree! What kind of jerk do you think I am?"

She managed a laugh. "I was more worried about what you thought of me. But I can assure you that I have a Christmas tree. Even if I'm not home much to enjoy it, I make sure I have one." She was rambling from embarrassment and changed the subject. "So what's in the trunk?" she asked too brightly.

He stared at her for an uncomfortable minute. It was probably just a second or two but it felt like a full sixty seconds. "Something else I'm now thinking you didn't get to experience." He reached into the trunk and pulled out a pair of ice skates.

Brand-new, shiny white skates with purple laces.

"Oh my God." She didn't know what got to her more, the gesture or the purple laces. "My favorite color." The lump in her throat grew bigger, her awareness of just how deep this man went dawning on her.

He just laughed. "Can you skate?" he asked.

"I used to go with a friend when I was younger. Until my dad found out and made me stop because it was too dangerous. What happens if a blade cuts your hand? How will you ever operate? Or be a doctor?" she said in a perfect imitation of her parent.

"How old were you?" Luke asked, his voice gentle.

A bigger lump swelled in her throat. She swallowed hard. "Fourteen."

"Son of a bitch." He slammed a hand against the truck. "You should have been out having fun with your friends, not worrying about a future I'm sure you didn't even think you wanted."

Her eyes misted. "Did you know what you wanted at that age?"

"Yeah."

"You did?" she asked.

A grin took hold and a wicked gleam lit his gaze. "Yep. I wanted to get my hands up Lucy Granders's shirt."

She chuckled, softly at first, then harder. "You are too much!"

"I'm also deadly serious. I played, but wasn't thinking about pro football when I was fourteen. And you shouldn't have had to think about medicine." He held her hands in his larger ones. "Now, do you want to go ice-skating?"

"Will you hold on to me until I get the hang of it?"

His eyes darkened. "Oh yeah, darlin'. I'll hold on to you."

She rolled her eyes at him. "You're still that fourteen-year-old boy at heart, aren't you?"

"God, I hope so."

She grasped his shoulders and pulled him close. "Me, too," she said, and settled her lips on his.

Sparks ignited immediately. She curled her fingers into his jacket and pressed herself into him. She might have started the kiss but his low groan gave her fair warning he'd be taking over. And he did. His tongue delved deep into her mouth, possessing her, marking her in a way she'd never forget. She loved his taste, the hint of mint and the dark flavor that was all Luke. Add in the sweet part of him and the impossible was happening.

She was falling hard for this man. Too bad all they had was a few days of time. Because when all was said and done, nothing in her life had changed, her time for a relationship was zero, and Luke Thompson was a good man who lived in the state of Texas.

CHAPTER SIX

Luke didn't have to guess what Alexa wanted or how she was feeling. She wore her heart on her sleeve, her feelings on her face. And when she reached for him, he knew he was a goner. If he let the kiss go on, they'd end up on the ground, not on the ice. As much as he wanted her, he had plans for her first.

With more willpower than he thought he had, he broke the kiss. "Skating, darlin'."

Eyes glazed, she looked up at him and nodded. "Skating."

"You gonna be steady out there?" he asked, his hands on her forearms, keeping her upright.

"No, but you already said you'd hold on to me." She grinned and stepped back. "Do I get to try on my skates now?"

He nodded and walked with her to the ice rink, already knowing that they fit. This time he'd had to go to the source, her best friend, Cara Hartley, a Serendipity police officer who Luke found at her home. And it hadn't been easy to get her address. When he got there, she looked him up and down, placed her hands on her hips, and divulged Alexa's shoe size. "I have a gun and I know how to use it," she then said. "Break her heart and you'll answer to me."

"Message received," he told her. "I like how you two look out for each other." He inclined his head. "Well done. And glad to see you're feelin' better."

The big bad cop's expression softened. "Thanks."

"Also glad your man came around," Luke said, pushing his luck a little further.

Her eyes narrowed.

"And now I'm getting out while the getting's good." With a wink, he'd taken off, heading next to the small store located in the skating rink in the next town over.

Sawyer joined him for the ride, laughing all the way there-and back. Luke ignored him, figuring he'd have some chuckles of his own when the other man found his woman.

Now, Luke turned back to his female and watched her lacing up the skates.

"They fit!" she exclaimed, her excitement like that of his niece's on Christmas.

"But they're new, so you'll probably end up with blisters," he warned her. "We'll take it easy." He stood and held out a hand, which she readily grabbed.

A few minutes later, they were on the ice. He wished he could say she was a natural. She wasn't. But what she lacked in skill, she more than made up for in both enthusiasm and a willingness to keep getting back up-no matter how many spills she took. And unfortunately for her, she took plenty. Her ass was going to be sore tomorrow, which meant he'd have to give her some TLC today.

No big chore.

On what felt to Luke like her hundredth tumble, he caught her before her butt hit the ice. "And we're all finished for today," he said.

"I can go more," she said through chattering teeth.

He wrapped his arm around her waist and steered them toward the edge of the rink. "If you won't admit to freezing your ass off, I will. I'm cold and I need your body heat to warm me up."

Her eyes darkened, but she didn't give up that easily. "One more circle around the rink."

At that moment, Luke cursed her father for instilling that need to prove herself in his daughter. "No. You're freezing and your butt cheeks hurt like hell, but I'll bet you've never given up on anything in your life. If I don't call it a day, we'll be out here while you try to prove something to me you don't have to prove. This was supposed to be fun, remember?"

She blushed. "I...yeah, I remember. And I did have fun!" From the sparkle in her eyes, he couldn't help but believe her.

"Me, too. Now just a short drive away, we have a cabin all to ourselves where the heat's pumping and the bed's warm. So you tell me, do you want to keep on bruising your pretty behind, or let me ease those aches and pains in a way that I promise you'll like?" His own blood pumped faster at the notion. He raised an eyebrow and waited for her to decide.

"Well, when you put it that way..." She grasped his hand. "Last one to the truck is a rotten egg." She took off, but Luke wasn't about to let her fall again, so he grabbed her around the waist and carried her off the ice, listening to her shrieks of put me down the entire way.

* * *

Alexa had a blast on the ice. Sure, she sucked at skating. Who knew that it wasn't like riding a bike, easy to pick up again? Not that her father encouraged that either-Concussions are dangerous, Alexa. But Luke never lost patience, he just held out a hand, helped her back onto her feet, and off they went again, him holding her tight in his strong arms until she was ready to try going solo again. She inevitably fell onto her butt again.

By the end, her feet hurt like hell, she probably had those blisters he'd mentioned, and the cold was setting in, and he'd still had to drag her off the ice. "Luke?" she asked, as he drove them from the rink to the cabin.

"Yeah?"

"I loved every minute," she said, wanting him to know exactly what kind of gift he'd given her.

"Yeah?" A smile pulled at his lips.

"Absolutely."

He parked in front of the cabin and cut the engine, got out, and met her on the passenger side, opening her door.

Before she could hop out, he braced a hand on the roof over her head. "You know you didn't need to prove anything to me. I didn't care if you could skate or not. I just wanted you to enjoy the day." His serious gaze told her he was worried she'd pushed herself too hard.

"I did. Every last minute. Even when I fell on my ass," she said with a grin.

He scowled at her comment. "You won't be feeling so generous about that tomorrow."

She smoothed the frown lines on either side of his luscious mouth with her fingers. "I will if you take care of me like you promised," she said, her voice deep and husky.

Next thing she knew, she was back in his arms as he carried her to the front door. He smelled delicious, a combination of outdoors and sexy man, and she tangled her fingers in his hair as he somehow worked the key, never putting her down as he let them in.

"What'd you have to promise Sawyer to get this cabin again?" she asked as she kicked off her shoes and let them fall to the floor.

He laughed, the deep sound rumbling through her. "Just my firstborn." On his kidding words, his gaze snared hers and her breath caught at the intensity she saw there.

Luke and kids. The idea, once planted, no matter how lightly, buzzed around her brain. Alexa loved kids, worked with them when she could, because as patients, they were far more fun than cranky adults. Hence her youth center hours and free medical care for them. She was beginning to think she'd never have a family of her own. With one joking comment, this man caused a yearning deep in her soul.

"Alexa? Lex?" Luke asked. "What's wrong?" He laid her down on the bed and eased next to her.

She blinked and deliberately cleared her mind. "Not a single thing," she assured him.

Fanciful thoughts and feelings about a man she'd known a few days were ridiculous. What he was giving her in this precious time, the chance to experience life and to live all she'd been missing, was priceless. When he was gone, she knew she'd have choices to make about how she wanted to go forward from here.

But right now, she had him.

And just like he taught her, she intended to live in the here and now. So she unzipped her jacket, shrugged it off, and tossed it to the floor, then reached for his zipper and did the same to his.

He wore a fitted long sleeve thermal in a chocolate brown that brought out the gold in his eyes and accentuated the muscles in his chest and arms. With her mouth watering, she tugged at the bottom of the shirt, pulling it out of his jeans and working it up and over his head. With a targeted toss, the shirt hit his jacket on the floor.

"Hey, I thought I was going to take care of you?"

If that's what the man wanted, that's what he'd get, Alexa thought. "Go for it," she told him. "I'm all yours."

With a low growl from deep in his throat, he raised himself up on one knee and began divesting her of her clothes, piece by piece. Her jeans, damp from her many falls on the ice, took some effort, but finally he'd bared her to him, except for her lacy underwear and matching bra.

"You take my breath away, darlin'."

Her breath caught and her throat swelled. "You do the same to me. But more than that, you make me feel good. Special. I'll never forget that." She glanced away, embarrassed that she was revealing so much, yet unable to hold back the words.

"You are special."

Not according to her father. Surgeons like you are a dime a dozen, Alexa. Try harder. Do better. Give more of yourself or you'll never stand out. God, she was so sick of his words tormenting her. She'd taken the full day off, covered her patients with a reliable doctor, and deliberately not checked in with her service or looked at her phone. Yet the pressure remained, a subtle heaviness in her chest and that damned voice in her head.

"Lex," Luke said in a concerned tone.

"I'm here." She smiled into his warm eyes, liking how he shortened her name. It was special.

"You weren't."

"I am now," she said, with what she hoped was a seductive smile. She had no desire to get into where her mind had wandered. Not when she had such a sexy specimen in front of her.

But she was coming to know Luke, and if she didn't distract him, he'd push her for answers and kill the mood. She refused to let that happen. She reached for the front hook of her bra and released the clasp, then slowly lowered the straps over her shoulders and down her arms. The cups eased down, one catching on her nipple, and Luke grinned at the sight.

"Let me help you with that." He bent his head and, using his teeth, he gently pried the material away from her breast.

The material fell away and Luke's mouth quickly replaced it. One lap of his tongue and Alexa's head fell back against the pillows, the sensations so strong and startling, she let out a moan. He licked again, nipped harder, and she began to tremble.

* * *

Luke had never had a woman be so open and genuinely responsive. There was no pretense, no artifice, everything she felt, she showed, and knowing he could take her so high so fast gave him no small amount of satisfaction. She'd been starved, not just for sex but for affection, and he wanted to give her everything he could in the time he had.

While he kept up the friction on her breast with one hand, he used the other to slide her panties off her body. He cupped her mound, feeling the heat emanating from her, and stifled a groan as his c**k let him know exactly how much he liked what he was feeling.

"Luke." She sighed his name, parting her legs. He took advantage, slipping his finger into her slick opening.

Her hips jerked, sucking his digit in deeper. He grit his teeth and slid his thumb over the tiny knot of nerves, rewarded when she arched her back, her head thrashing from side to side.

"Beautiful," he muttered, watching the flush on her cheeks as she lost every inhibition she possessed.

Her body shook, her lashes fluttered up and her eyes locked on his. "I need-"

"I know what you need." But she wasn't coming alone or without him inside her. He rose and quickly shed the rest of his clothes, pausing only to grab a condom from his pocket before returning.

Taking him by surprise, she plucked the packet out of his hand, ripped it open, and managed to roll the latex over his straining erection.

She grinned at the results. "Now hurry."

He swung a leg over her and positioned himself at her entrance. She whimpered, the sound inflaming his need, and he braced a hand above her shoulder, looking into her beautiful eyes as he thrust deep. Thrust home.

Her eyes widened, then rolled back slightly before she managed to focus on him once more. "Oh, God."

"That's not God, darlin'. That's you. And me." And damn they were hot and wet.

He pulled out, slid back, the slick sounds of sex surrounding them along with Alexa's whispered pleas of harder, faster, and oh, God, nearly making him come too soon. He held on, gritting his teeth as she bent her knees, taking him deeper. Then, without warning, her body gripped his, clamping on tight as she came.

Her orgasm released his tenuous hold and restraint. He pumped into her, feeling more than he ever had, knowing in his gut this was so much more than sex, and he accepted it and reveled in it as he came.

It took a while for them to catch their breath, and finally Luke rolled off her. "You okay?" he asked.

She met his gaze, her eyes glazed and dreamy. "Never better."

"Glad to hear it." He kissed her nose, then pulled himself up and headed for the bathroom.

He returned to find her staring at the ceiling, a satisfied smile on her face and a healthy, happy glow on her cheeks. One he'd put there, Luke thought, grinning, too.

"Roll," he said to her.

"Hmm?"

"Roll over." He lightly patted her hip.

She groaned but turned over as he asked. He glanced at her bare bottom, white smooth skin with hints of pink and more than a few scrapes. He frowned at the sight. "Hurt?" he asked, rubbing his hand over first one cheek then the other.

"A little sore," she admitted, her words muffled in the pillow.

"Sorry, sugar. I never meant to cause you pain." He pressed a kiss to her cheek and she giggled.

"I'll live," she assured him.

"I hope so." He massaged her skin and she sighed in contentment.

"When do you leave?" she asked, the question muffled. She didn't peek out from where she'd buried her head in her arms.

The question was long overdue. "I have to be home for my niece's birthday party on Saturday." He pulled in a deep breath. "So my flight's tomorrow."

Silence surrounded them, the mood broken as reality intruded.

"You'd really like my nieces," he heard himself say. "Cute little things. Girly girls, with bows in their hair and cowboy boots on their feet." He continued to speak, unsure of how to bring them back to before, when it was just Luke and Alexa in the cabin. Not Luke from Texas and Alexa from New York.

He heard what sounded like a hiccup. Or her choking back tears.

Shit. Shit. Shit.

"Take the weekend and come with me to Texas," he said.

She popped up in bed and flipped over. Her eyes were red as they zeroed in on him. "Say that again?" she asked.

The suggestion came out unexpectedly but the sentiment was heartfelt, he realized. "Come to Texas. Meet my family. You'll have fun and they'll love you."

Her eyes opened wide. "But...work. The hospital. My patients." Her father. That last one went unsaid.

"Will all be here when you get back." He didn't know what he hoped for out of the request. He only knew he wasn't ready to be apart from her.

The rest he'd figure out.

If she said yes.

CHAPTER SEVEN

Alexa sat up in bed, the sheets pulled up over her br**sts as she stared at Luke. Come to Texas, he'd said, and boy was she tempted. She'd never wanted to chuck the responsibilities in her life and take off for the weekend, but she did now.

Unfortunately, the reliable, dependable side of her spoke louder in her head and took over. "I can't just pick up and go when the whim strikes me." She winced, knowing she sounded more like her father than herself.

And the hurt on Luke's face confirmed it.

"Luke-"

"I get it. You have to work." He'd been sitting on the edge of the mattress and now he reached down and grabbed his pants off the floor.

She wasn't ready for their time together to end, especially not like this. "No, you don't get it. I want to go with you. I really do."

He paused in the middle of pulling on his jeans and glanced over his shoulder. "It's not as hard as it sounds. I'm guessing you have plenty of vacation time built up, and since you managed today, I figure you also have people to cover for you. Hell, knowing you, half the hospital probably owes you a favor."

Her cheeks burned because he was right and he'd figured her out in a very short time. "I want to go," she repeated, needing him to hear her and believe. "But I can't leave without giving any notice."

He secured the button on his jeans before answering. "Lex, I'm not gonna lie to you. These past few days weren't just unexpected, they were f**king amazing," he said, letting loose with his language for the first time.

She grinned but said nothing, mainly because, a) it didn't bother her, and, b) she agreed. Their time together had been exactly that.

He hooked his fingers in the loop of his jeans, his chest bare, his gaze level on hers. "Nobody respects discipline and routine more than me. I wouldn't be where I am in my career if I didn't dedicate myself one hundred and ten percent during the season and stick to some kind of schedule on the off-season. And if I thought you were saying you couldn't come because you wanted to work or it would affect your career, I'd never push. But that isn't it, is it?"

With every word he spoke, her defenses rose higher. She stiffened her shoulders until her neck hurt, and she glared at him, but he clearly wasn't finished. "Tell me what you think it is," she said, folding her arms across her chest, protecting herself from whatever he would say next.

Which was ironic since, five minutes ago, she wouldn't have thought she'd have to protect herself from this man-ever.

"You don't want to tell your father you're taking more time off. You don't want to disappoint the old man or lose the legacy he's so carefully prepared for you. But, darlin', I'm asking you straight out to be sure that's the future you yourself want."

Her mouth ran dry. As quickly as her anger had grown at his words, it deflated with his further insight. She wasn't sure about her life and he knew it. And he didn't want to hurt her; he wanted her to be happy.

His gaze softened. "If I could stay longer and be with you, I'd do it. Give up a meeting or two, miss a practice if I thought I could work it out. But the one thing I won't miss in life is a family event because those happen only once. I can't get back a missed birthday or the look in my niece's eyes when she sees that power-charged Barbie car I bought for her that'll be waiting in the driveway."

Oh my God. He was killing her. Alexa didn't even know the little girl he spoke of, but she suddenly had a whole new vision of Luke Thompson, and it took her breath away. His words sliced deep because how many of her birthdays had her own father missed because of work, while Luke wouldn't skip his sister's daughter's special day?

She'd thought this man was something special. Something real. Now she knew for sure.

Her cell phone suddenly rang inside her purse, the ringtone the one she'd programmed for her father. She cringed at the interruption.

Luke glared at her bag. "That him?" he asked.

Alexa nodded. Unable to help herself, she reached for the purse and pulled out the ringing phone. At least half a dozen missed calls, all from her father. "I didn't tell him I was taking off today." She glanced at Luke but found no understanding in his gaze.

"How long are you gonna let him run your life?" he asked.

"He doesn't-"

Luke pinned her with a knowing gaze. "Give me more credit than that. He does."

The cell stopped it's incessant, annoying ring, and another missed call and voice mail notification popped up on the screen. Disgusted, she threw the phone onto the bed.

"Get dressed," he said, more gently than she'd have expected. "I'll toss the sheets into the washer. Sawyer said there's someone who comes in and does laundry, so she'll finish up what I start."

Nodding, she rose, feeling self-conscious that she was naked and he wasn't. In silence, she looked for the clothes she'd shed and realized her jeans were still damp. She pulled on her underwear and shirt, her back to him.

"Do I have time to dry these for a little while before I put them back on?" She turned to find him right there, in her personal space, and she sucked in a shallow breath.

He braced his hands on her forearms, his thumbs rubbing lazy circles over her shirt. "I don't want to end this with an argument." He met her gaze, those warm eyes communicating real regret.

Her stomach twisted nervously. "Me neither." She didn't want to end it at all, but he'd made the gesture and she'd turned him down.

Alexa knew she had a lot to process, but she couldn't upend her life in a heartbeat. She'd always been a thinker, someone who processed first and acted later. During this time with Luke, she'd enjoyed spontaneity, but a lifetime's worth of habit wouldn't be broken quickly.

"Give me your jeans. I'll toss 'em in for a bit," he said.

"Thanks." She handed him the damp denim, then helped him strip the linen off the bed and pillows.

They worked in somewhat comfortable silence, but the atmosphere between them had changed. No longer sexually charged or light and playful, a pall had fallen over them, because they both knew they'd reached the end of this.

Whatever this was.

And Luke was right. It had been f**king spectacular.

* * *

Luke drove Alexa home. He walked her to her front door, wrapped his arms around her, and kissed her. She knew it was good-bye, even if he didn't say the words. Even if he'd programmed his phone number into her cell phone, she sensed the finality in the kiss.

Alexa entered her house, wanting nothing more than to be alone. She didn't return her father's calls. He could damn well wait until she returned to work on Friday before she dealt with his anger. Instead she gave herself time to grieve. As insane as it sounded, that's what she did. She grieved for a relationship she'd walked away from before it began. For a man who'd given her more in three days than anyone else had given her in a lifetime. And she grieved for the lonely years she'd spent growing up and the frustrating time she'd spent trying to please a man who couldn't be satisfied.

Suffice it to say, Alexa held a pity party complete with ice cream and phone calls to her best friend. By the time she fell into a fitful sleep, she did so with the knowledge that this time tomorrow, Luke would be gone.

And she had some harsh decisions and choices to make about herself, her life, and her future.

* * *

Alexa dressed in her navy power suit, the outfit she saved for board meetings and arguments about changing the status quo with the so-called powers that be. The same board headed by her father. She slipped on a pair of high heels, not her usual choice for the hospital, but one that made her feel in control. Like she could handle anyone and anything-the way she felt when she was around Luke.

Makeup in place, she climbed into her car and drove to University Hospital, then parked and entered the building that had been home since she was a little girl. She listened to the click of her heels as she made her way down the halls to her father's office, and realized there was a lot wrong with that bit of truth. But truth it was, and she was finally ready to confront it-along with the man who'd created her reality.

She knocked on her father's office door.

"Come in!"

She poked her head in. "Dad? I need a word."

"I'm busy," he said, not looking up from his paperwork. The one thing she'd always dreaded about the chief of staff job was the massive amounts of paperwork and the resulting lack of interaction with the patients.

She took a deep breath and stepped inside anyway. "I'd appreciate it if you made the time, it's important." She shut the door behind her, not planning on leaving until she'd had her say.

With a resigned sigh, he put his pen down and gestured to the chair in front of his desk.

She opted to remain standing, needing all the leverage and power she could muster.

"Well? I don't have all day."

She clenched and unclenched her fists. "Are you happy?" she asked her father.

He blinked, then looked at her with a frown creasing his forehead. "Excuse me?"

She'd thought long and hard about how to approach him, what she wanted to say. This was rehearsed and she knew it. "I asked if you're happy. In your life? Your job?"

"Alexa, I'm a busy man. I don't have time for philosophical conversations."

"Well, I'll say it again. I'd appreciate it if you made the time. This is important to me."

Hands on his desk, he met her gaze. "Fine. I don't think about happiness."

Her heart seized at the admission she'd expected. What she hadn't anticipated was how much the knowledge hurt. "Did you ever? Think about it, I mean." To hell with power. She lowered herself into the chair, needing support. "When you were younger? When you met Mom? When you fell in love?"

That last question was a stretch. Alexa had no idea if her parents had been in love. Or not. She didn't remember them interacting and her father never spoke about it.

His scowl deepened. "What's going on with you? Are you ill?"

She drew a deep breath. "I'm taking a leave of absence." She said the words slowly and deliberately, not rushing through them the way she was tempted to do.

The only way he'd take her seriously was if she sounded firm, didn't back down, and stood her ground. All things Alan Collins respected. Unless it involved going against his directives or wishes.

"Okay, now I know you're sick. What the hell do you mean, you're taking a leave?" He leaned forward in his seat, talking at her like she was just an employee, not his only child.

"In the last couple of days, I've had time to think about what I want out of life and-" She pulled in a deep breath. "This isn't it. I don't want to be a paper pusher for this hospital. I don't want to follow in your footsteps, I want to create my own path."

"You want to create your own path," he mimicked her. "Don't tell me. This has to do with that football player," he said in disgust.

"You know he plays football?" She said the first thing that came to mind.

"The nurses couldn't stop whispering about it. I thought you'd be above that sort of thing. At the very least I thought you'd get that little rebellion out of your system and return to work fully focused."

She blew into her hands in an attempt to calm down. "Well, you thought wrong. And that little rebellion you mentioned? It's been a long time in coming. These past few days may have shown me what it's like to really live and enjoy life and be happy, but the discontent began long before and has been brewing for years."

"Alexa, not many people get the opportunities you've had," her father said, too slowly and patiently, as if he were talking to a misbehaving child. "Not many people have the avenues available to them that you do."

She held up a hand. "Stop right there. I'm grateful for each and every one, but did you ever think that maybe I don't want the same things you did?"

"And what is it you think you want?"

There it was again, that patronizing tone. She knew then he'd never get it, never understand. Her stomach hurt because he was her father, but he wasn't her daddy. He never had been. "I know that I want to enjoy my job. My days. I'm not naive. Life isn't always easy or fun, but I want to wake up in the morning knowing that, at the very least, I'm doing something of my choosing. Not yours."

His hands bunched in frustration, his knuckles turning white. "That's not gratitude; that's disrespect."

She cocked her head to the side. "I beg to differ. I did everything you ever asked or wanted. I tried things your way. Now I'm going to try my own."

His face turned red, his cheeks flushed, and anger vibrated from him. "I raised you."

"Which is what you do when you have children. What you don't do is direct and manipulate them into being what you want, envision, or need. I love you, Dad. But I have to live my own life."

"Are your giving up medicine?" he asked.

She shook her head. "I just want the time to figure out what kind of medicine I want to be in." She'd wondered if she should add this, and then decided she'd come so far, might as well go all the way. "I also need to figure out where I want to practice it." Hospital, private practice, more pro bono work at the youth center. Alexa didn't know but she wanted to figure it out.

He cleared his throat. "You might want to reconsider. The world keeps moving. In other words, your job may not be here when you want to come back."

Her own father wouldn't hold her position for her. She hadn't anticipated that, but she managed to hide the pain of his betrayal. "I'll take that chance," she said.

"Your choice. Now, if you're finished, I have work to do." Without meeting her gaze, he picked up his pen and looked back down at his papers. If not for the slight tremor shaking his hand, Alexa would think him completely unaffected.

"One more question," she said softly.

Maybe it was her tone of voice but he glanced up. "What is it?"

"What did we do for my fifth birthday party?"

His gaze narrowed once more. "I don't remember."

"Tenth?" she asked.

He clenched his jaw. "Same answer."

Alexa nodded. The only birthdays she recalled were the ones she spent missing her mother and hurting that her father chose to work instead of staying home.

"The sad thing is, I wish I didn't remember them either," she said, fighting to speak over the lump in her throat and the tears threatening to fall.

Something flickered in her father's gaze. Or maybe Alexa just wanted to see emotion there. She didn't know. "Bye, Dad," she said.

But when she looked over, he'd returned to his work and didn't reply.

CHAPTER EIGHT

Family gatherings at Luke's parents' house were always huge events. With three sisters-all married, all with kids-cousins, neighbors, and friends included, the noise level was high and the privacy factor nil. Usually Luke loved these events. Not today.

Today his heart wasn't here, it was back in the small town of Serendipity, New York. A place he never thought would leave a mark on him, much less impact him so strongly. He couldn't get Alexa out of his mind.

They'd said good-bye on Thursday. Today was Saturday. He'd programmed his number into her cell and hoped she'd use it. With the way they'd parted, Luke giving her his unasked-for opinion on how to live her life, he wasn't holding his breath.

In order not to focus on himself, he looked around to see which sibling he was in the mood for and his gaze settled on Ashley, the youngest of his three sisters. She had two kids, having married right out of high school to a guy Luke hated. And Luke considered himself an easygoing guy who got along with most people, but not her jackass husband.

"Hey, sweet cheeks," he said, using his nickname for her.

"Hey, yourself."

He sat down next to her on the picnic table bench and she immediately laid her head on his shoulder. Warning bells went off in his brain. "I was only gone a week. What happened?"

"I left Todd," she said, her voice cracking.

Luke held in his cheer, more concerned about his sister's feelings than his own. "Why?"

"He was cheating on me with Mandy Stone." The whispered words came with a wealth of hurt, Luke knew.

"Mandy Stone whose daddy is Todd's boss?" Luke asked through gritted teeth. The same Mandy Stone who felt it was her civic duty to hit on Luke at every town event he attended, and had done so since Luke accepted the scholarship to University of Miami to play football for the U.

"I think Mandy was just the most recent in a long line. He never liked being tied down."

Luke stiffened, wanting to beat the crap out of the other man. "Then he shouldn't have gotten you pregnant the summer before college."

She sniffed but ended in a laugh. "Takes two to be stupid, Luke. And I wouldn't trade my kids for anything."

"What will you do now?"

"The kids and I moved in with Mom and Dad. I need some time to work out a plan."

He kissed her temple. "You will. And I'll be here to help you."

"Thanks."

"Anything for you, sweet cheeks. You know that." He loved his sisters even when they were being pains in his ass.

She sighed. "I do. And I love you for it. So how was your trip east?"

"Business was good, got some solid endorsement deals lined up."

"Just for Men? Erectile dysfunction meds? Hemorrhoid cream?" She nailed him in the ribs with her elbow.

He rolled his eyes. "This is when 'sweet cheeks' changes to 'brat,'" he muttered. "How about Ford Broncos and my own cologne?"

She let out a Texas whoop. "I'm proud of you! So what else did you and Sawyer do? Pick up any hot chicks while you were there?"

Luke weighed just how much to tell her, then decided to go for broke. He needed to talk about it and Ash needed the distraction from her own life. "Cleaned out Sawyer's dad's house, though I think he's gonna do some work on the place and keep it instead of selling. And, yeah, I met someone."

Ashley sat up and turned in her seat, her eyes slitted as she stared at him.

"What?" he asked, uncomfortable under her narrowed gaze.

"I asked if you and Sawyer picked up any hot chicks. You countered with I met someone. Big difference. What gives?"

Luke glanced up at the cloudless sky. "Been asking myself that same question since I laid eyes on Alexa."

"What makes her special?"

Luke could list a million things, but the ones that came to mind were too personal for him to share, even with his sister. Like Alexa's stunning vulnerability. For a doctor who held lives in her hands, she'd been manipulated her entire life and didn't know her own self-worth. He'd tried to give her that in a few short days, then he'd invited her out here, and when she didn't jump at the chance like the other women in his life-the women who meant nothing to him and who he easily left behind-he threw those insecurities in her face and told her she needed to figure out what she wanted.

Nice of him, he thought, with no small amount of regret and an even healthier dose of self-directed disgust.

"Oooh, silence," Ashley said with a grin on her previously sad face. "You're in deep and you can't even say why. You've fallen hard!" She clapped her hands in glee, suddenly back to being the sister who liked to tease him when they were kids. "I want to meet this girl."

No chance of that, Luke thought, frustrated. "Cool it," he muttered, instead of letting her in on what he'd done.

"Sorry." Ashley settled back in next to him. "What's she like?"

"She's a doctor. Busy. Not sure she loves the work situation she's in. She's loyal, saw her step up to take care of her best friend when she was attacked, then stayed overnight at the hospital to look after her. Pretty. Auburn hair-"

"Brown with reddish highlights? About my height? Does she ever wear her hair in a ponytail and would she look uncomfortable at a Texas barbecue?" Ashley asked, a too-big grin on her face.

Luke jerked his body around and there she was. Dr. Alexa Collins, walking across his parents' big Texas spread, talking to his mother, as she led Alexa to where Luke and Ashley were sitting.

"I'll be damned," he muttered.

"Since I always know everyone at these shindigs, I figured that had to be her. What's she doing here?" Ashley asked.

"I invited her," Luke said, stunned.

"What? You didn't tell me she was coming!" Ash punctuated this with a shot to his shoulder.

"That's because she said no." Luke rose to his feet as the women approached.

"Lucas Thompson, you didn't tell me we were having a guest!" His mother, Louise, who ruled this ranch along with her family, glared at him like he'd committed a crime.

"He didn't know, Mrs. Thompson." Alexa spoke softly.

"He invited you. That means you're important to him, and that means he should have told me."

"Ma!" Luke knew he'd better call her off before she scared Alexa away.

Alexa grinned and, man, Luke had missed that smile. "It's fine," she assured him.

Luke shook his head. Nothing about his mother's form of torture was fine. "Alexa, this is my sister, Ashley. Ash, this is Alexa."

His sister jumped up and shook Alexa's hand. "He was just telling me all about you!"

Luke rolled his eyes. "God save me from the two of you," he muttered. "Ash, take Mom away, would you? Go eat. Drink. Something." He met and held Alexa's gaze. "We need to talk."

"We're going," Ashley said, understanding in her tone despite her earlier teasing. "Come on, Ma. You can talk to Luke's girl later."

"Ash!" Luke's voice vibrated with annoyance, but to his surprise, Alexa's eyes were lit with amusement as she obviously held back her laughter.

"At least someone finds them amusing," he muttered to his mother and sister's retreating backs.

"You have no idea how lucky you are," she said, staring after his family, a wistful expression on her face.

Luke didn't know what she was doing here, but he had to assume it boded well for him that she'd come. He hooked his arm in hers and led her away from the yard and around the side of the house to his mother's special place. When Luke was born, she'd insisted she needed a place of her own and his father had put up a gazebo in the most private corner of the yard, right off the side door to the house.

They settled in the swing chair. "I take it getting away wasn't easy?" he asked.

"That would be an understatement."

Her pretty green eyes told the painful story. He wouldn't push her for an explanation, sure it would come when she was ready. "Yet you're here."

"I hoped the invitation was still open," she said hesitantly.

There it was, that vulnerability he'd been thinking about before she materialized in front of his eyes. In her blue jeans and white lace tank, with a light denim blouse tied around her waist, she looked like she belonged here on the ranch. Yet everything about her screamed her uncertainty, something he never wanted her to feel around him.

"Invitation's always open, darlin'."

She released a long-held breath. "Well, that's good, since when I took a leave of absence from work, my boss informed me he wouldn't be holding my position open." Her jaw set tight at the admission.

That bastard. "Your father said that?"

"It seems he didn't appreciate the idea of me finding my own path."

He wasn't sure what surprised him more, the smile she gave him or the fact that she'd listened to his advice and was taking time to figure out what she wanted, despite the consequences.

"I think that's great," he said, grasping her hands, thrilled down to his bones that she'd come to him. "So you're here for a while?"

Alexa shrugged, wondering that herself. "I'm here. How long? I thought we'd figure that out together. See if we still like each other and all." God, she sounded like an unsure idiot, Alexa thought. It was a wonder she'd survived the plane ride, not knowing what awaited her here.

She'd gotten Luke's address from Sawyer Rhodes, who swore his friend would be happy to see her and encouraged her to surprise him with the visit. Since she wasn't in any hurry to have Luke turn her down if he'd changed his mind, she'd agreed and hopped on a plane.

"See if we still like each other?" Luke chuckled. "I don't know about you, but what I feel for you is a lot more than like, darlin'." Luke brushed his finger down her cheek, his golden eyes sparkling with reassurance as he dipped his head in close.

His heat reached out to her, his familiar scent settling the butterflies deep in her stomach.

"I started falling hard for you the second we met," he continued. "Having you come down here, unsure of your welcome but taking that chance on me? That just cemented the deal. I can't see us going anywhere but forward from here."

"Me neither." She swallowed hard, her heart pounding in her chest, everything inside her screaming this was right. "I've never felt anything like this before."

"Same. And I sure never thought I'd want a woman with me, by my side, not talking about leaving any time soon, but that's how I feel about you. So let's take this time to get to know each other better, and help you figure out what you want to do with your career." His eyes held hers. "And while you're thinking on what you want, maybe you'll reconsider where you do it. Assuming things keep on...keeping on."

He grinned, and Alexa knew everything would be all right.

"Would you like that?" he asked.

"A lot," she whispered.

"Good. Did I say I'm glad you're here?" Before she could answer, he said, "I'm glad you're here. Good play, darlin'."

She grinned. Not a good play, she thought, as he closed his lips over hers. A perfect one.

