CHAPTER 1

I turned the rifle over in my hands, rotating it slowly back and forth as I stared out at the darkened field. It was eerily quiet, not even the crickets were chirping. But then, it had been strangely quiet ever since The Freezing had occurred. I tried to convince myself that I would become used to it one day, but it hadn't happened yet, and I knew I was just lying to myself.

There was no way to become used to this. To become accustomed to the lack of noise in a world that had once been alive and thriving with it. To do so would mean that I was ok with the reason behind the quiet. And I was not, nor would I ever be, ok with the death and mayhem that the aliens had unleashed upon us. Never be ok with the horror, terror, and loss that had unfolded because of them. I had lost my mother to them, and I had lost Cade.

My mind shied away from the memory of our last moment together, when he had cut the rope that had been joining us. When he had sacrificed himself for me. He loved me. He'd told me that just seconds before he'd been taken, but I still didn't understand why he had done it. My life wasn't worth his. It never would be. It certainly wasn't worth much since he had been taken from me.

I closed my eyes, taking a deep breath as I tried to ease the pain tightening my chest. I wanted to be more without him, wanted to be better, but I was choked by my grief, drowning within it and I didn't know how to swim. Not anymore. I'd kept afloat through my father's death, I'd had no choice but to continue on after my mother's, and though I was still breathing, still moving, I was acutely aware of the fact that I was no longer able to live without Cade. Acutely aware of the fact I was a hollow shell of the person I had once been, and that person hadn't been that great to begin with. I simply couldn't recoup myself after this loss, simply couldn't put myself back together it was more fight than I had left in me anymore, unless of course I was killing something. I had plenty of fight and anger for that now.

My mother and Cade had both been lost to the monsters we were guarding against now. Monsters I was sitting in wait for. Monsters that had been strangely scarce for the past couple of days. I didn't know what that meant, but I did know that I wasn't going to quit hunting them, fighting them, killing them. Not until I knew for certain if Cade was alive or not.

If there was any chance he was still alive, I was going to do everything I could to get him back.

I leaned forward, my hand tightening on the gun as I stopped switching it back and forth. "Do you see something?"

Bret sat up beside me, his broad shoulders brushing against mine. I didn't have to look at him to know the tender warmth of his soft green eyes, or the gentle sweep of his dark blond hair. His handsome face was beloved to me, and until Cade had reappeared in my life, and shown me what it was to fall in love someone, I may very well have married Bret and built a quiet, simple life with him. But then I had come to know Cade again, and everything had changed. I loved Bret, I truly did, but Cade owned my heart, he owned my soul, he owned every bit of me. He always would.

It saddened me that Bret had been hurt by what had happened between Cade and I. Saddened me that Bret still held out hope that we would one day be together again, no matter how hard I tried to make him understand that we wouldn't. Bret wanted to believe my feelings for Cade had developed because Cade had saved my life, and because I had been traumatized by the loss of my mother. He wanted to believe that one day I would become as convinced as the rest of them that Cade was dead, and that I would turn to him again.

But even if Cade really was dead, a fact I refused to believe, I wouldn't turn to Bret again. I couldn't. The mere thought of Cade being gone for good was nearly enough to crush me, but if it were ever confirmed I didn't know how I would react, how I would handle it. I didn't know if I would be much good as a human being anymore, not that I was all that great right now, but I was terrified I'd become even worse. I did know that I would not seek comfort by turning to Bret again. There never could be anyone else, and I would never do that to Bret. He deserved far better than the cold, deadened person that I had become. Far better than the shattered being I would be if Cade was lost forever. Bret deserved to be loved; he deserved the kind of intense wonder and joy I had found with Cade, even if it had only been for a brief time.

I just wished Bret would finally see that.

"No," I said softly.

"It's almost time to head back anyway."

My fingers tightened on the gun. I leaned slightly back; I didn't want to go back. It was a parole, just like this one, that had been unable to save Cade's life, but had saved mine. Though I might not feel like my life was worth much right now, there were others out there that may need our help. They could appear at any moment, just as the seven of us had appeared on the beach out of nowhere. I rose slowly, stretching the taut muscles in my back and legs. Swinging the rifle over my shoulder, I bent to grab the flashlight by my feet. My entire body ached from being immobile for so long, I needed to move around a bit.

Bret grabbed hold of my arm; I froze as he placed a finger against my mouth. Still half bent over, my eyes went slowly back to the field we had been sitting near. We were on the outskirts, surrounded by trees, but I felt incredibly vulnerable all of a sudden. Incredibly exposed, even though I knew that we were hidden.

My eyes narrowed as I searched for whatever it was that had caught Bret's attention. And then, across the field, I saw a flicker of movement. I retreated back to the ground, trying to make myself as invisible as possible as all of my senses went into high alert. It had been days since we had last seen any hint of the aliens, but now there was something out there, just on the edge of the high grass.

I sensed motion to my right, but it was not the aliens over there. Instead, it was the others from our group. I caught a brief glimpse of Darnell creeping through the underbrush to get a closer look, his dark skin and dark fatigues nearly blended in with the night surrounding him. Sgt. Darnell Hastings held the highest rank, and was in charge of the five remaining soldiers left in our group of survivors. One had been killed, and the other had split off toward Rhode Island in search of his sister and his nieces. I hoped he had made it, but we would never know for sure.

Darnell had taken charge of training the survivors, or at least the ones who wanted to learn how to shoot, fight, and defend ourselves. And the thing I wanted most right now was to fight, to kill, and to destroy every single one of the things that had ruined all of our lives. My heart thumped with eager anticipation of what was to come. I was anxious for blood, anxious for retribution.

Darnell motioned for us to stay where we were. We had been under his strict training for the past two weeks, but he still didn't think we were capable of much. I chafed at the bonds he placed on us, I wanted this. I needed this.

Darnell continued to creep forward; he made some gesture to Lloyd and Sarah to follow close behind. The three of them had been stationed together for nearly two years; they knew each other's movements, gestures, and thoughts without even having to speak. Though the aliens had disbanded all military seven months after arriving, these three had lived within the Wareham, Buzzards Bay area. Every day they had met up with twenty three other members of the military from the area to continue their training in secret. Thankfully they had been as doubtful about the alien's promises of peace as I had been.

They were lucky enough to have been together when The Freezing occurred; eight of them had survived it. None of them had been able to get back to their families, or find them again. They wanted revenge and justice as badly as I did, and I trusted them to one day make me as finely honed a killing machine as they were. It was fascinating to watch them move and work together in near unison. They crept to the edge of the trees, staying low to the ground as they took up new positions closer to the field.

I chewed nervously on my bottom lip as I brought my rifle back around, clasping it tight before me. I wanted to move a little closer but remained where I was. I wasn't a soldier under his command, but I listened to Darnell. He knew what he was doing, I was still inept. And I wanted him to teach me everything he knew, pissing him off by disobeying him was not going to help with that. Thanks to Darnell, and the situation we had been tossed into, I could handle a gun with far more competency than I could have a couple of weeks ago. I hadn't been very good at firing a gun in the beginning, but lately I seemed to have acquired some strange natural ability for it. We didn't get to practice often, as we didn't want to waste ammo or draw attention to ourselves, but the few times I'd had to fire a gun recently, I hadn't missed.

I focused my attention on the thing moving across the field. I couldn't quite see what it was yet, but it didn't appear to be one of the massive tick/octopus/crab/jellyfish looking things that had been able to reawaken the frozen people by violently draining their blood from them. People we still couldn't figure out how to reawaken on our own. People that we weren't even sure were still alive anymore, or if we would ever be able to save them. So much time had passed since The Freezing that it seemed impossible that any of them could still be alive within their frozen forms.

However, none of us were willing to give up hope yet.

The thing across the field did not appear to be one of those monstrosities, but just what exactly it was eluded me. I moved steadily closer, staying low as I crept toward the field with Bret on my heels. I did not miss Darnell's warning look, but I didn't acknowledge it either as I stopped at the edge of the woods. Whatever was out there, it was half hidden by the tall grass moving ever so gently in the early September breeze.

It was small, or at least smaller than most of the other creatures we had seen until now, as most of them were full and large with blood, human blood. The aliens themselves were exceptionally human in appearance with their dark hair, eyes, and olive skinned to darker hued complexions. They had rarely come to earth before The Freezing, and there was no sign that they had returned since the attack had started.

I doubted they would. They wanted our lives, they wanted our blood, but they despised us, looked down on us, and hated anything that had to do with our planet, except for the abundant food supply we offered. I rested my hand against the rough bark of a white oak, narrowing my eyes as I strained to see across the field. I could no longer see anything about what was causing the movement, but if the motion of the grass was any indication, it was getting closer.

I glanced worriedly at Bret, his jaw was clenched, his eyes fierce. I didn't know what was coming at us, but the hair on the nape of my neck was suddenly standing on end and there was a cold sweat suddenly trickling down my back. Then, the grass parted and a young girl stepped out. My jaw dropped, my hand clenched on the trunk of the tree. I didn't know where she had come from, but there was something so lost and forlorn about her that I had the strangest urge to cry.

Her clothes were torn; blood marred the front of the sundress she wore. Her dark hair was a tangled mess as it hung over her thin, delicate shoulders. Her face was streaked with dirt and blood; her eyes were hollow in her thin, pale face. She was so small, so delicate and fragile that my heart ached for her, she reminded me so much of Abby that I nearly burst from the woods and ran to her. I managed to stop myself only because of the fact that Bret had stepped partially in front of me. I didn't know where she'd come from, but it looked as if she had been through hell.

Darnell gestured to Sarah, one of his soldiers, and then pointed toward the young girl who was staring unseeingly at the woods. Sarah nodded before slipping into the darkness. I knew which way she had gone, but even I lost sight of her almost immediately. When she reappeared it was from three hundred feet away on our right, and she was moving out of the woods.

The girl turned slowly toward her, but didn't seem to recognize the fact that Sarah was even there. She remained unmoving. She has to be in shock, I thought wildly. The fact that Sarah had a gun trained on her probably wasn't helping, but I would have done the same thing. If there was one thing we had learned recently it was that anything could be dangerous, and to never let our guards down.

Sarah moved steadily toward the girl, her face remained impassive, but I could sense Sarah's confusion, her hesitance. Bret grabbed hold of my arm as I made a move to get closer. I wanted to protest his controlling gesture, but I remained silent. I was too afraid to make any kind of noise or motion with Sarah so exposed. Sarah stopped five feet away from the girl, the gun wavered slightly.

"Are you ok?" Sarah demanded. The girl remained silent, unmoving. "Can you hear me? Are you ok?"

I wasn't breathing anymore; my lungs were beginning to burn but I still wasn't breathing. Something was wrong, this wasn't normal. Darnell seemed to sense the same thing as he rose slowly to his feet and leveled his rifle against his shoulder.

Then it happened. It was so fast that none of us had a chance to fire a shot, not even Sarah. One moment the girl was standing there quietly, and the next she was on top of Sarah. At first I didn't understand what had happened, or who had moved first, but then it all became painfully, clearly obvious. That girl was not a girl.

Or at least not anymore.

Something lashed out of her mouth as she launched herself forward. The tentacle thing/tongue slammed into Sarah's face with a sickening crack of bone that echoed loudly throughout the still night. I couldn't move, couldn't react as Sarah's face caved in. That thing, which I now recognized as being eerily similar to the tentacles that came from the larger monsters that hunted us, slid down Sarah's throat as the hideous girl knocked her to the ground with far more force than I would have expected from her small frame.

By the time Darnell recovered enough to open fire on the horrific creature, it was already too late for Sarah. The creature/girl bucked wildly as the bullets tore through her flesh. A strange hissing scream erupted from the thing, it fell back, its tentacle lashing wildly through the air before retreating swiftly into its mouth. Before us the girl/thing seemed to melt. Flesh and bone reshaped into something else, something far different, and yet strangely familiar as one of the ugly, deadly creatures we were more familiar with unfolded from what had once been the body of a young girl.

It was not as massive as some of the others we had encountered, but this one seemed even more monstrous, evil, and menacing than any of the far larger ones. For one thing, it seemed to be able to mimic a human being pretty damn freaking well. That was a trait that none of us had experienced before.

I didn't realize I was pulling the trigger until I felt the recoil of the gun in my hands. I wanted to scream in horror, wanted to flee, but my darker instincts seemed to have taken over as I pulled the trigger over and over again, continuing to do so even long after the gun was empty. The edge of my mind, the reasonable, still slightly sane part, realized that I should stop shooting. It was pointless to continue to do so. But I could not bring myself to lower the empty gun until Bret grabbed hold of it and forcefully pushed it down.

I was ashamed by the shaking that rattled through me. My teeth chattered. I had lost my mother, I had lost Cade, I had seen far more of these things than I cared to recall, but for some strange reason I was shaking so badly I could hardly stand. What I had just witnessed had rattled me so much I was afraid I might actually piss my pants.

It had looked so human, so eerily childlike. And what it had done, well what it had done was pulverize Sarah's pretty face with the most disgusting thing I had ever seen before. Even from my distant position I could see there was nothing left to her. Tears choked me as I realized that her own mother wouldn't have been able to recognize the smashed mess before us.

"It's ok Bethy." Bret's voice trembled as he spoke the words. I wondered briefly if he believed them. I didn't. "It's ok."

I swallowed heavily, I wanted to sit. I couldn't. I had to stay strong; I could not let them know how disturbed I had been by what had just happened. I had to stay on my feet. My hand shook as I slipped the gun back into the waistband of my jeans. I hated the cowardice that the trembling revealed, but I still did not have complete control over my body yet. "No," I disagreed. "It's not. It hasn't been in a long time, and it never will be again."

It was the first time I had ever expressed that thought out loud. The first time I had truly acknowledged my own growing doubts and fears to anyone else. As I met Bret's clear green eyes I realized that the worst part was that ever optimistic, endearing, and loving Bret believed it too.

CHAPTER 2

Darnell nudged the edge of the dead thing with the toe of his boot. The girl it had pretended to be was completely gone. It was nearly opalescent again, almost the color of a jellyfish except for the blood it had managed to suck out of Sarah before dying. I couldn't bring myself to look at Sarah's ruined face again. She had been a pretty woman with a bright smile and dark hazel eyes. All of that was gone now, there was little left to identify her by. It was just too awful. It could have been any of us; Sarah had just had the misfortune of being nominated to go first.

The creature slumped back to the ground, the tentacle flopping uselessly back as Darnell dropped it. "We should get going," Darnell said softly. "Private Price give me a hand with the body."

Private Lloyd Price looked just as shaken and horrified as I felt. His smattering of reddish freckles was stark against the sharp pallor of his drained skin. His clear blue eyes were wide and rolling behind his glasses, his nearly orange hair was standing on end in a thousand different directions. He wasn't much older than me, nineteen, twenty at most. And it was very obvious that he did not want to touch Sarah's body; that this was not what the young private had signed up for when he enlisted. I didn't blame him in the least. I didn't want to leave her here but if Darnell had asked me to help him I probably would have thrown up.

"How did it do that?" Darnell's dark eyes slid toward me; there was no answer in his hard gaze. My heart was hammering, my palms were sweating; I couldn't believe I was about to say what I was going to say. "We should bring it back with us."

"Are you crazy?" Bret demanded.

I held Darnell's gaze, not at all eased by the growing admiration for me I saw blooming in his eyes. I didn't want to touch either one of the dead bodies, but we couldn't leave Sarah behind, and this was the first opportunity we'd had to be able to study one of these creatures. Dr. Bishop would be pissed if we didn't seize it.

I glanced between the two broken bodies, but I couldn't bring myself to go to Sarah. I couldn't bring myself to touch her. She had been a good person, and now she was gone. Though the thought of touching the creature before me was repugnant, I simply could not touch Sarah.

Bending down I seized hold of the mess before me. I had expected it to be slimy or mushy; I was surprised that it was neither. It was solid beneath my hands, cool, and smooth. There was something about it that it reminded me of silver, hard and cold when cooled, yet liquid and pliable when heated. I was so caught up in that realization that I hadn't noticed Bret had also grabbed hold of the creature until he nudged me gently.

"Come on Bethy let's get the hell out of here."

I swallowed heavily and managed a small nod. Though this creature was nowhere near as large as some of the others I had seen, it was still exceptionally difficult to maneuver through the woods with its bulky weight, flopping tentacle, and insect like legs. My legs burned from exertion as we struggled to slip through the trees as quietly as possible.

Before this war with the aliens I'd been reasonably fit, but I certainly wouldn't have been able to handle hauling this thing through the woods. But then again, there were many things that I wouldn't have been able to handle before, but could now. Like a gun or scuba gear or even walking over this rough terrain carrying at least a hundred pounds of monster. My legs hurt, but I wasn't sweating overly much, and my breathing wasn't labored. Or at least not yet anyway.

We reached the top of a crest, the large boat warehouse we had discovered a week ago came into view. When I had first been rescued by the ragtag group of survivors, they had been holed up in a lobster warehouse, but that had been three housings ago. We didn't have homes anymore, we couldn't; we just had buildings that sheltered us until it was time to move on. Time to head into areas that the aliens had already cleared of the Frozen Ones, to move further away from the dangerous zones, though I doubted there were any safe zones out there. Not anymore.

I hated moving further away from the last place I had seen Cade, but I knew location had no meaning in my attempt to find him. For all I knew, he might not even be on this planet anymore, let alone still in the Cape Cod area. It was foolish of me to resent moving further inland, but I couldn't stop the feeling. It was constantly with me.

I resented being forced out of the only home I had ever known, the only place I had ever known. Even if it never could be home again. I did not kid myself into thinking that I would ever have a home again, that anything would ever be the same, but I wasn't ready to let it all go either. I was like a stubborn child clinging to my pacifier, unwilling to relinquish it even though it was time. Everything I had ever known was gone, it was time to move on, but I was having a hard time doing so. There was no way to stop what had happened, at least not one that any of us could think of, and to stay still was to die. All we could hope for was to survive every day and to keep hold of the few loved ones we had left. I was more fortunate then most to still have Bret, and my brother and sister. There were others that still had family with them, but not many. Most had no one left. We made our own families now.

I sighed softly as we moved slowly down the hill. The only good thing about all the moving was that Dr. Bishop had to leave behind all of the frozen bodies he'd collected. He still had one, but the roomful of unmoving people had been abandoned in the lobster warehouse. I thought I should feel more guilt over that decision, but I found there was little room for emotion, or compassion, within me anymore. Those things had to be suspended in this new and deadly world, they would eat me alive if I dwelt on them too much.

There had been nothing that we could do for those people; Dr. Bishop had tried everything he could think of to rescue them. To reawaken them from their frozen state. Nothing had worked. I'd disliked leaving them behind, I wasn't completely dead and hard inside, but if we were to survive losses had to be cut. And I could not dwell on those decisions. Not if I wanted to keep my sanity anyway. We had not happily abandoned the frozen people, we had simply moved on because we'd had to survive.

Survival was the number one concern now. It was what drove us all.

As we approached the warehouse a few people emerged from the shadows. They were holding guns, prepared to defend the people within if necessary. More emerged as it became clear who we were, and what we carried with us. Silence came over the group as we slipped into the darkness of the cavernous building.

Most of the people were asleep, scattered about on makeshift beds. The dim light of lamps flickered over the room, casting shadows over the metal walls. There were no windows within this part of the building so the lights were allowed. There had originally been sixty people within the group; there were only thirty or so left. Some had left to go out on their own, some had wanted to search for family members, or had refused to move on. Others had been killed.

My younger sister, Abby, made her way toward us. She moved swiftly and gracefully through the people sprawled on the floor. Her resemblance to our mother never failed to amaze me, from her long dark hair, to her gleaming dark eyes, and petite stature. Our mother may be gone, but there was no denying that she lived on in Abby.

She was almost to us when she stopped, her eyes widening in horror as her hand flew to her mouth. She fixated on the thing between Bret and I. "What happened!?" she cried.

"Long story," I muttered, wanting to find some place to put our load down.

"Are you ok?"

I managed a nod, but I knew she didn't buy it. Who could with what we held between the four of us? "Where's Bishop?" Bret asked quietly.

"Where else would he be?" Abby retorted.

Bret and I carried the thing toward one of the back rooms. Dr. Bishop set up a laboratory and medical area in every new place that we moved into. His main area of interest had been research; unfortunately with The Freezing I had become his prime target. In the few weeks I had known him I'd been stuck with more needles than in my entire seventeen years. If I'd been a dog I probably would have bit him by now, but I'd actually come to like Bishop, needles and all.

The doctor appeared in the darkened doorway of his newest laboratory area. Even in the dim light I could clearly see the excitement that filled his gaze as he stared at the thing we held. "You're a strange man," I informed him. "Where do you want this thing?"

He hurried in behind us, a surprisingly bright spring in his step. He shoved papers off a long counter that had been used for equipment repairs before the aliens, and The Freezing, had left all sense of a normal life nonexistent. "Up here! Up here!" he said excitedly before flitting quickly away.

Bret rolled his eyes and shook his head. I had grown to like the seemingly frantic and discombobulated doctor, but most still found him a little creepy and annoying. Bret also didn't like the extra attention that Bishop focused on me, even if it was only because I was his favorite pin cushion, and specimen.

I breathed a sigh of relief as I dropped the damn thing on the counter, grateful to be rid of the weight of the hideous creature. I walked over to the sink to wash my hands and arms in the large metal basin. I scrubbed vigorously, using the small scrub brush to clean the blood from under my nails. "This is amazing! Amazing!" Bishop muttered excitedly. "Maybe we can find a live specimen."

I shot him a dark look, while Bret gaped at him incredulously. "Count your blessings with this one doc," I informed him.

Bishop wasn't listening to me though as he peered closely at the strange creature before him. His grey eyes were narrowed behind his glasses as he bent close to the thing. It appeared that I had been replaced as Bishop's favorite thing to poke at, for the time being.

"It's true." I turned slightly, I hadn't heard my older brother Aiden approach, but there he was in the doorway.

"Yes, yes," Bishop said quickly. "We are very lucky. Lucky indeed."

Aiden's dark eyes fixated keenly on the creature lying on the counter. He had become the doc's assistant, eager to explore and learn anything that Bishop had to teach him. Before the aliens arrived a year ago Aiden had wanted to be a doctor, a scientist, or had wanted to work for NASA even. He had wanted to know the secrets the skies held. Unfortunately we knew the answers to those secrets now, and they had not been as wonderful as Aiden, or any of us, had dreamed. After the aliens arrived our education had become more restricted and NASA had been shut down six months after. Aiden may have lost his dreams, but his curiosity had never waned and he was eagerly turning that curiosity and intelligence to research, and medical training, with Bishop.

"Awesome," Aiden breathed.

I shook my head at my brother as he hurried forward. We were blood, good friends, and I loved him, but he confounded me. Abby must have just woken him as his honey blond hair, so similar to mine, was disheveled and standing on end. His brown eyes were still swollen with sleep but he was very alert. "You wouldn't think it was so awesome if you had seen what it did to Sarah," I said softly.

He turned back to me, his face going slack with horror. "Sarah's dead?"

"Yes."

Regret flashed across his handsome features, he looked slightly abashed. "What did it do?" Bishop asked quietly and for the first time not with excitement.

It was Bret that filled them in on the awful events as I couldn't find the words to describe the horror. I didn't think there were any. I leaned against the wall, staring at my ratty shoes as I fought the urge to vomit. Darnell joined us in the room, his dark eyes were haunted, his full lips clamped tight. I didn't know where they had placed Sarah until she could be buried, and I didn't want to know. I had seen enough of the damage that had been done to her.

"Amazing," Bishop murmured when Bret finished filling him in on the details.

"Stop saying that!" My tone was far sharper than I had intended, but my fear and anger came surging to the forefront. "They're not amazing. They're awful Bishop, they're awful."

They all stared at me for a long moment. I had been so emotionless lately that any sign of feeling was a surprise to them. Though they seemed stunned, relief flickered over Aiden's features. "You're right," Bishop said softly.

"What do you say we get some sleep and let the science wizards do their thing?" Bret touched my arm gently; the sympathy in his gaze set my teeth on edge.

I nodded my agreement, I was exhausted, bone weary. I needed to get away from here for awhile, needed to get away from that thing. All I wanted was to lie down for a little bit before we had to do it all over again tomorrow. Abby was sitting on a pile of blankets in the corner of the building that we had claimed as our own. The light of the small lamp highlighted the anxiety radiating from her pretty face. Jenna was next to her, curled up against the wall sleeping soundly.

"That thing really is dead, right?" she asked worriedly.

"It's dead," Bret confirmed.

I curled up on my thin pile of blankets and tucked an old sweatshirt under my head as a pillow. Facing the wall, I turned my back on the others, unable to look at them. I was afraid they would see the agony and defeat that was slowly crushing my soul. I stared unseeingly at the night as the others settled in around me. I hated nights the most, when I was alone, when I was stuck with just my thoughts and my heartache. When I was trapped with the realization that I may never see Cade again, never touch him, never kiss him, never have the chance to tell him that I loved him too.

I had always held out some hope that I would find him, held out some hope that one day we would be reunited. It was what had kept me going for the past couple of weeks. After what I'd seen today nearly all of that hope was gone. How did we defeat these things, how would I ever get him back from them even if I did miraculously find him alive? They were everywhere, they were far more powerful than us, and now they had revealed that their monsters could even look like us, not just them.

How could I ever get him back?

For the first time I let myself accept the fact that I couldn't, that I probably wouldn't. Agony tore through me; I curled up in a tighter ball as I pressed my fist against my mouth. I bit on my knuckles in order to keep my screams and sobs of anguish suppressed. I couldn't breathe, could barely see, I couldn't stand the hurt that was consuming me. I wasn't survive I could survive this bone wrenching agony. Though tears burned my eyes, I did not shed them, they would not fall.

Cade had once told me that he was the only person I trusted enough to fall apart in front of, and he was right. When he'd been with me he'd made me strong enough to allow myself to let go of my tight self control. I'd trusted him enough to let him see my weakness, my cowardice, my fear, my inner self, and he had loved me for it anyway. He had stripped my soul bare, had made me fall in love with him, and he had left me. He'd sacrificed himself for me when I would have preferred that he hadn't. He'd left me in this hideous world, one that I was tired of, one that I hated. If it wasn't for my siblings I wasn't sure I would continue on, that I would keep fighting. There wasn't much left to fight for.

I hated my thoughts, hated the weakness they revealed about myself. Most people would want to keep fighting, everyone else in this building did. But I was a coward; I was weak, broken, and barely able to breathe throughout the increasingly long days and nights. Everyone around me was a fighter, a survivor. I was proud of them all. That pride did not extend to myself. I would not leave my siblings, but it was a constant battle to go on for them. If something ever happened to them...

No, it couldn't. It simply couldn't. I wasn't strong enough to survive that too.

I could only try to survive the loss of Cade now. I would not fall apart, I would not cry. I would not give into my weakness, not now, not ever again. There was no point in crying. I still had Abby, Aiden, Bret, Molly, and as much as Jenna and I didn't always get along, she was a part of our group. She was a connection to a past life forever lost to us all.

I would not fall apart. I had suffered losses before. I had watched my father die; I had lost my mother. I would endure this, I would continue to breathe, I would continue to walk, and I would continue to eat. I would wake up every day, and I would go to sleep every night, and I would continue to go on living without Cade, even though I was dead inside.

CHAPTER 3

"Did you get any sleep?"

I blinked blearily at Bishop as he stuck a piece of cotton against my skin and turned to grab a band-aid. "Some," I lied.

I pat the band-aid into place as I slid off the makeshift table. He eyed me carefully, his grey eyes red rimmed behind his glasses. He couldn't say much to me as it was apparent that he hadn't gotten any sleep either. Though his lack of sleep was for far different reasons than mine. The creature was still on the counter, splayed out like the specimen it was. Bishop and Aiden had stayed up all night taking samples, dissecting, and studying the monster. I eyed it wearily but didn't go any closer.

"Why do you keep taking samples of my blood? It hasn't done you any good yet."

Bishop shrugged absently as he placed the syringe full of blood into a test tube. "Maybe one day I'll get access to some real equipment and I'll be able to run some real tests. Until then, maybe something will come up."

"Or maybe you'll discover someone else with a blood type other than O."

He gave me a wry smile, but I knew he didn't believe that. He was set in his belief that my blood held the key to helping the frozen people. Convinced that because my blood type was different than the other survivors that I was somehow unique. Everyone else that had survived The Freezing, or at least the ones Bishop had encountered were all type O, I was not. Bishop was convinced that there was something different about me, convinced that there was some secret in my blood that he had to uncover. I thought he was wrong, but I was willing to give him my blood just in case he wasn't. If there was some small chance that he wasn't wrong, then I was going to help in any way I could. There may be no hope for my mom and Cade, but there were other families out there that needed it.

"And if you don't find the answers?" I asked quietly.

I was immediately sorry I had asked the question. His forehead furrowed in confusion, his soft grey eyes darkened with worry. It was obvious that such a thought had never even occurred to him. Bishop had never once considered the possibility that he would not find the equipment he needed, or the answers he sought. I admired his dogged determination and optimism; I leaned more toward pessimism. I wasn't sure if I'd always been that way, or if surviving the car accident had changed me. I couldn't recall the person I'd been before my father's death, if I had been optimistic or not. I knew I had once been a child, but at the age of nine I became an adult, and I had never gone back to being a kid again.

I didn't want to remember what I had been like before the accident, the person I had been, but I thought she may have been different. That I may have been different. And I refused to think of those couple of years when I had been real young, when my father had still been alive, and Cade had always been with Aiden and I. Those years when Cade had been my friend and near constant companion, when I had loved him without knowing what love was. It had been such a sweet simple love between us, freely given and returned. Then Cade's parents had been killed and he had drifted away into a world of hurt and solitude. Retreated from me, and left me, without ever explaining why. I'd been hurt by his actions, but as time moved on and I aged and grew, I had forgotten all about our bond. Until The Freezing had occurred, and we had been thrust back together, and that love had surged to the forefront once more.

"Oh, I will."

I had forgotten all about Bishop until he spoke again. I managed a wan smile as I focused my attention back on the doctor. I wanted to believe with him, wanted to believe in him, but I didn't really believe in anything anymore. "I hope so doc."

His eyes narrowed on me. "Are you ok Bethany?"

"I'm fine," I assured him halfheartedly. My gaze turned slowly toward the dead alien on the counter. "Do you know how it made itself look like that little girl yet?"

Bishop's attention was diverted from me and once again returned to his new favorite toy. "No, not yet, but there are plenty of examples of mimicry in the world. The king snake looks like the coral snake; therefore predators will avoid the king snake for fear that it is poisonous. That's what is known as batesian mimicry. These creatures appear to be displaying both batesian and aggressive mimicry though."

Bishop had moved closer to the creature. For the first time, beneath the awe and wonder, I saw true fear on his features. I swallowed heavily, discomfited by the look in his eyes. "What's aggressive mimicry?" I asked quietly.

"It is a form of mimicry where the predators share similar traits with something harmless in order to lure in their prey. The alligator snapping turtle uses its pink tongue to lure in fish that believe the tongue is a worm. The fish that try to eat the worm are eaten instead." Much like when Sarah had tried to help the girl, and instead been destroyed. Goose pimples were beginning to break out on my flesh; I couldn't tear my gaze away from the hideous thing on the counter. "But animals that exhibit aggressive mimicry don't strongly resemble the creature they are trying to lure in, not like the coral and king snake. Not like this thing resembling us.

"This truly is a unique ability; it's unlike anything I've ever seen before. What I don't know is if they were always able to do this, or if it's a new development. Have they started to evolve in order to find new ways to capture and kill us?"

My goose bumps were now full on shivers; I could barely breathe through the constriction in my chest. "Is it possible to do that so quickly?" I managed to croak out.

Bishop's eyes were sharp. "Not for us, not for any creature we've ever known before..."

"But we don't know these creatures."

"No, we don't. It's ingenious if you think about it, mimicking one of us, especially a child."

I hated the admiration in his tone, not when all I felt was stark terror. "And if they evolved to do this..."

"Then what else can they evolve to do."

I was afraid I was going to be sick. No, I was definitely going to vomit. I ran to the sink, grasped hold of the edge of it, and dry heaved the empty contents of my stomach up. I was sweating, trembling violently as I rinsed my mouth with water and straightened slowly. Ashamed of my weakness, I could not meet Bishop's gaze as I walked toward the window. It was covered with chicken wire, the reason why I couldn't begin to fathom, but it caused the sunlight streaming through it to dance across the tile floor in a honeycomb pattern.

I didn't know what to say, there were no words for what he had just told me. "It may not be evolution. This may have been a trait of theirs all along."

We both knew he was lying, if they had been able to do this all along, they would have. "Who are you trying to kid here Bishop, me or you?"

He was silent for a moment before answering. "You."

Well at least he was honest, I thought grudgingly. "Do you think the larger ones can do the same, or is it only the smaller ones?"

"I don't know."

I stared out at the quiet bay; there wasn't even a ripple upon the ocean water. It was hard to believe that there were so many unknown horrors lurking out there on this tranquil, beautiful day. "Does it have any weaknesses?"

"You guys managed to kill it."

I turned slowly toward him, trying hard not to let my panic show. "That took a whole lot of bullets Bishop. If it had been closer..." I let the thought trail off; we had both seen what that closeness had done to Sarah. "How the hell are we ever going to defeat them?" I breathed.

"You."

I started in surprise; I could feel the confusion that rolled over my face. "What?"

"Your blood Bethany, it has to be the answer. There has to be some key within it that will help us to awaken the remaining survivors of The Freezing. The sooner I find it, the more people we can save."

"And the more people we have to help us fight," I whispered, finally understanding his obsession with me, and my blood. It suddenly all made sense. "Strength in numbers."

"But the longer it takes me to find the answer..."

"The more people the aliens will capture, drain, and destroy."

"Yes. We could lose them all before I uncover the truth."

I nodded slowly. I may not believe that Bishop was right about me, but he was a hell of a lot smarter than I was, and he seemed to be the only hope that mankind had. The only hope for saving so very many people, and he needed my help to do it. "Ok then, let's get you that equipment doc."

***

"You can't do this Bethany."

I glanced back at Abby as I lifted the rifle onto my back. Darnell handed me a backpack filled with whatever ammo they could spare, and two extra sig sauer pistols. Bret hefted the bag of food onto his back and slipped a revolver and pistol into his waistband. I had tried to talk him out of coming with me, but it had been useless. Private Lloyd Price was also coming with us as was, surprisingly, Jenna.

I had tried to talk her out of joining us but once she heard that we were going to try and make it to the hospital in Plymouth, she had been adamant that she come with us. There was a hospital in Wareham, which was closer, but only slightly and in the opposite direction of where Darnell wanted to start heading. I hadn't realized he had an actual destination in mind until he informed us of that today. Apparently we had been Boston bound all along in the hopes of encountering more survivors, which he was certain the city would have. Along with more weapons.

I didn't know why Jenna was so insistent that she join us, but she would not be dissuaded. I was actually a little grateful for another person. Jenna had also received training with a weapon and in fighting. She may not be as proficient as the rest of us, but she was good enough, and another person that could shoot would come in handy.

"The GPS is battery, and solar, chargeable," Darnell was saying as he handed it to Lloyd. Darnell wasn't saying this for Lloyd's benefit, but ours. It was something we would need to know in case something happened to him. "Only use the radio once a day. We're staying here one more day, and then we'll be heading toward Plymouth also. I don't know how swiftly we'll be able to move, but I plan to proceed at a brisk pace. Radio me at eighteen hundred hours every day."

Lloyd nodded as he clipped the radio to his belt. "Yes sir."

"There's enough food to last a couple of days. I wish we could spare more, but..."

Molly trailed off, her cute face pinched as she watched us worriedly. Molly had been a stranger to us before this had all happened, but her training in scuba diving had saved our lives when we were trapped on the Cape, and unable to escape by crossing either of the bridges. She was a sweet person with her curly red hair and cat green eyes. Since we had joined the larger group of survivors, Molly had helped with cooking duty, and had taken charge of the food supplies.

What Molly hadn't said was that they couldn't spare anymore food on us, especially when they didn't know what our fate would be. They couldn't afford to waste food on us if we were going to be dead in a day. "We'll be fine," I assured her. "There will be plenty of opportunities to find more food on the way."

Molly managed a wan smile for me before squeezing my arm gently. "I'm sure there will be," she replied fervently.

"We'll be following a different route than you, sticking more toward the back roads and heavily wooded areas," Darnell continued.

"We'll meet up with you once we get the supplies," Lloyd assured him.

"Bethany please," Abby whispered.

I wrapped my arm around her, pulling her against my side. "I have to go Abby, but Aiden will be here."

"You don't have to go!" she insisted. "There are others that could go!"

I sighed softly, glancing at my brother over her head. He had wanted to come too, but we could not leave Abby alone, and he was needed here more than I was. He understood science, he was a better help to the doc than I was. Bishop had taken, and stored, plenty of blood from me over the past three weeks. In the past day he had taken even more. He had protested my leaving also, but he had done so only with me. I think Bishop realized that I needed this, that I needed some sort of mission, some kind of goal if I was going to keep surviving.

He knew that denying me this was denying me something that I fervently needed. I needed to escape my thoughts, needed to escape my memories, and my torment over losing Cade. "There aren't any others," I said softly.

"Of course there are!"

"Abigail," I said gently, but firmly.

Molly draped her arm around Abby's shoulders. "It will be fine," Molly assured her. "I need some help with the cooking and getting the rest of the supplies packed up."

Abby gave a small nod but tears shimmered in her dark eyes. I managed a smile for her and gave her a quick hug. I felt guilty leaving her here, felt guilty hurting her like this, but it had to be done. It needed to be done. If we succeeded than we may very well be able to save her life, and the lives of many others. I didn't want to hurt her, it was the last thing I wanted as she had already experienced so much loss in her short life, but I couldn't stay here.

"I love you Abby."

She threw her arms around me and hugged me tight. "I love you too Bethany, please come back."

I closed my eyes, fighting against a wave of tears as I gently dislodged myself from her. I had to get away from her, before I couldn't. "Good luck," Darnell said softly.

Aiden walked beside us as we exited the building. He took hold of my arm pulling me back from the others as they made their way to the forest. "You know that I don't agree with this."

"Aiden..."

"Even Bishop feels it would be better if you stayed. If something happens to you..."

"He has plenty of my blood, believe me, I know."

"That's not the point..."

"I have to do this Aiden."

As his dark eyes scanned me, I was struck by the stark differences in my brother over the past few weeks and they tugged at my heart. He was only eighteen, yet dark circles from lack of sleep and stress had formed under his eyes. His mouth was pinched tight; the corners of it were tugged down. Just weeks ago, even with the aliens looming constantly over us, he had retained a carefree air and youthful innocence that I hadn't possessed in years. An air that had been refreshing and joyful, even for someone as jaded as me. Aiden's exuberance had been contagious, his smile bright, and his quick wit uplifting. Though he still retained a lot of his old personality there were subtle changes taking him over that I didn't like, and didn't want to see continue. I wanted to ease the burden he had taken on, and this was one of the ways to do that.

"If you're doing this because of him Bethany..."

"What are you talking about?" I interrupted sharply, angered and wounded by his words.

He frowned as he tilted his head; his golden hair was longer than usual as it spilled into one of his eyes. I was struck by how much of a man he had become in such a short time. Struck by how much he looked like our father. A lump formed in my throat, my eyes burned. I wished our parents could have been here to see the strong, brave, intelligent man he had become. They would have been so proud of him, and Abby. I shied away from thoughts of what they would think about me.

"Anyone with eyes has seen the difference in you Bethany. Ever since he was taken, you've been walking around like a zombie, barely alive." I couldn't meet his gaze; I became focused upon the people gathered by the tree line, waiting for me. "I hope you're not doing this as some sort of a death wish."

I swallowed heavily, my hands fisted at my sides. "I'm doing this because it may be the only hope we have," I gritted through clenched teeth. I was resentful of his words, no matter how truthful they may be. "Who knows how long it will take us to get to Boston, or if we even will make it to the city. The doc needs those supplies as soon as possible if he's going to help anyone. This is the best way to get them."

His hand was light on my arm; I finally turned my attention back to him. "I understand that, but I also feel as if you don't plan on returning."

My mouth dropped. "Of course I do!" I sputtered in indignation. "You and Abby..."

"I want you to return for you."

I recoiled from him, feeling as if I had been slapped. "Aiden..."

"I want you to want to live again. Not for me or Abby, for you," he insisted fiercely. "He's dead Bethany..."

"Shut up Aiden."

"No, you need to realize that he is dead."

I glared at him; my teeth ached from clenching them so tight. "I know that Aiden," I snarled at him. Aiden's eyes widened in surprise, he hadn't expected me to tell him that I had come to accept the fact that Cade was gone. "I know he's dead, I know that he's not coming back. I know that I am alone..." I broke off shaking my head. "Not alone, I didn't mean that. I don't know what I am anymore."

"You're not alone Bethany." To my absolute horror and shame my chin began to tremble. I was struggling not to unravel, not to let free my pain and misery. Struggling to retain my shaken composure. They were already worried enough about me, I couldn't turn into a sobbing mess right in front of him.

"But I am." I took a deep breath, regaining control of myself as I lifted my chin and met his wounded gaze. "I love you and Abby. I love Bret and Molly, and I've even come to like Jenna a little, but it's not the same. Nothing will ever be the same. I will never be the same. What I felt for him..."

My gaze drifted back toward the group waiting far more patiently than I would have been. I had never talked about my feelings for Cade, never shared them with anyone. I didn't think they could understand the intense bond that had been forged between us in such a short time. Especially since I had been dating Bret when everything with Cade happened. I felt they would feel I was being childish, or that I felt guilty because Cade had sacrificed himself to save me (which I did), but it was so much more than all of those things. My love for Cade was the first really amazing thing I had experienced in years. It had been so different, so true.

"I loved him Aiden. I loved him with every ounce of my being. I loved him with a joy and wonder that I never even knew could exist." I turned my gaze back to my brother, needing him to understand. Needing him to see I was not a silly child harboring a fierce crush, or a wounded person with survivor's guilt. "I knew what soul mate meant with Cade."

Though I knew Aiden loved me, and realized that I was far more mature than almost anybody my age, I could see the pity in his gaze. It was that exact look I had feared, that look was the reason I had never talked about my feelings for Cade. "I know that the two of you went through some intense shared experiences..."

"Don't." I interrupted sharply. "Don't you dare minimize what happened between us, or what I feel for him. I am telling you what I feel for him, what I will always feel for him. I am telling you what was, is, and always will be. I loved him from the first time I saw him, I loved him when he first taught me to fish, and when he insisted that I be allowed to play with the two of you. I loved him when he was broken by his parent's deaths and took to avoiding us. The night of father's funeral he came and sat with me in the garden for hours. It was the first time I had spoken with him in two years."

"I didn't know that," Aiden whispered, looking slightly surprised by my words.

"Throughout that whole horrendous time he was the first person I cried in front of, the only person I cried in front of."

Aiden's eyes narrowed on me, his gaze became sharper, more questioning. "I didn't know you had cried."

"He never came back after that night. At first I kept going to the garden, hoping that he would return, but he never did. I was hurt in the beginning, wounded by his rejection but time, and the struggle that our lives became, eased it. And eventually I forgot about that night, eventually I moved on. Eventually I even started dating Bret, but you know how much I resisted that, how fairly platonic our relationship truly was. At first I didn't understand why it was like that, why I was like that. Every girl in school thought I was crazy for not agreeing to go out with Bret right away, and then for being so distant with him once I did agree."

"Bethany..."

"And then Cade touched me Aiden." I couldn't stop now, once I had opened the bottle on the emotions I had been suppressing, I couldn't stop them from pouring out of me. I seized hold of his hand, desperate for him to understand, desperate for him to see why I was so broken. And maybe, just maybe, he could even forgive me for being so lost. I wanted him to know that I had not abandoned him, or Abby, that I did not want to die but that I simply couldn't breathe, or even be anymore because part of me was lost forever. A part of me had been killed with Cade.

"Then Cade pulled me into that antique store, and held me, and he kissed me..." I broke off, knowing this was not stuff Aiden wanted to hear. I swallowed heavily before continuing. "And everything made sense. I was whole for the first time in so long, whole in a way I never knew I could be. My indistinct feelings toward Bret, the strange emptiness inside of me, it all made sense because what I had been missing all along was Cade. With him it was so easy, so beautiful, and so absolute. Even my guilt, and lingering sorrow over surviving that car when dad didn't, weren't anywhere near as bad when he was holding me. With him everything was better, even with the world falling apart around us.

"It was true Aiden, you must believe that. You have to also believe that though I am empty without him, I will do everything I can to come back to you and Abby. I love you; I don't want either of you to experience anymore pain. I'm broken, but I will survive and I will continue to keep on living. Please believe me when I tell you that I do not have a death wish."

Aiden's eyes were filled with a sorrow that tore at me. There were tears in his eyes, tears I knew he would later shed for Cade and I. Tears that I was unable to shed for us. "I didn't know Bethany."

"I know."

"I'm sorry. I wish I could take this from you, I truly do. I'm your older brother, I should be protecting you. I should be the stronger one of the two of us, not you."

I frowned at him, confused by his words. "But you are the stronger one Aiden."

"You saw dad die, and you never cried. You saw Cade die, and you never cried." I winced at his words, shying away from the awful memories they aroused. "You are the stronger one Bethany."

I bit on my bottom lip as I shook my head. "No Aiden. That just makes me the colder one."

The sadness in his eyes was almost more than I could bear. I embraced him tightly, knowing that I had to leave before I couldn't. "I love you Bethy," he said, cradling my head gently.

"I love you too Aiden. I'll see you soon."

"I know."

CHAPTER 4

With just the four of us, we made pretty good time. If the terrain allowed, there were times we were able to jog for a couple of miles at a time before having to take a break. Lloyd would have been able to make even better time without us, but he never became irritated with our slower abilities. According to the GPS it was a little over twenty miles to the hospital. I wished that we could do it all in one day, but I knew eventually we would become tired, hungry, and more than likely come across some form of danger.

I still held out some small hope that we wouldn't run into anything. The sooner this was over and done with, the happier I would be. Jenna was the first to tire. She had changed a lot from when the aliens had first attacked, but she had always been a girly girl and some habits were hard to break. Physical exercise was still not one of her favorite things, but she had been trying to adapt to our new world. That was the only reason I didn't become annoyed when she asked for a break after only five miles.

She settled onto the ground, panting slightly as she wiped the sweat from her brow. I still didn't understand why she had insisted on coming with us in the first place, but I wasn't going to push her. There were things I preferred to keep secret also. Maybe she had simply wanted to escape the warehouse, and the people, for a bit. I had a feeling it had more to do with wanting to stay near Bret, but she surprisingly hadn't pursued that relationship as aggressively as I'd thought she would after our break up. Though I suspected she had stayed away because Bret was mistakenly convinced that we would still get back together again one day.

Bret handed Jenna and I each a bottle of water and a power bar. The sun was moving over the horizon, it was getting closer to lunch. "I think we should rest for a couple of hours now. We'll move again later on in the day," Lloyd said softly.

"We can't move as fast at night."

"We can't move as fast in the heat either," Lloyd informed me.

I frowned but nodded my agreement. He was right, it was September but the day was unseasonably warm. The heat would drain our energy, and our water, far faster than any of us wanted. I settled down against a tree and closed my eyes. I hadn't slept much last night, but I knew I wouldn't sleep now. Sleep was a lost commodity to me, one that I had given up on a long time ago. I had actually gotten quite good at dealing with the depravation, though I would have welcomed at least a couple of minutes of rest. Anymore time than that and the dreams would start. Dreams that, while comforting at the time, left me lost and broken and aching for something I couldn't ever have again when I awoke.

I listened to the sounds of the birds and squirrels moving through the trees, reassured and lulled by their presence. I had learned in the beginning that when the aliens were near, the animals became eerily quiet. Apparently they were even terrified, and scared off by the monsters lurking about. I listened to them jump and play, smiling softly as one squirrel yelled angrily at another before skittering down a tree.

It was all so peaceful at the moment, it was nearly perfect. If only...

And then Cade was sitting beside me, his midnight hair falling over his hard, handsome features. His stunning onyx eyes gleamed in the filtering light of the day. There was sadness in his gaze, but also a love so deep that I felt it to the very bottom of my soul. "Bethany," he breathed. His strong, calloused hands ran gently over mine. His fingers played deliciously over my skin as he shifted closer. I could feel the heat of his lean, hard muscled body against mine. Shivers of delight and desire raced over me, I could hardly breathe past the need thumping through me. "My Bethany."

Tears choked me. "Yes," I agreed, unable to do anything else because it was so unbelievably true. I was his, I would always be his. "I'm dreaming again aren't I?"

It had been awhile since he had haunted my dreams, awhile since I had dreamed even. I must have fallen asleep for far longer than I'd intended to. It was odd how very aware I was of these facts at this moment. This was a dream, he wasn't real, it would all go away, but it was all so wonderfully perfect right now that I didn't care.

"You are," he confirmed.

"I miss you. So much." My voice cracked on the words, his thumb gently wiped away the tear that slid free. "I'm broken without you."

"You're not broken Bethany, you're just wounded. You've been here before, you will survive this too."

"I know. I know I will. I just wish you were here. All the time I wish you were here."

He leaned forward; his lips were soft against my cheeks as he kissed my tears away. Those lips, those wondrously marvelous and warm lips were everything that I remembered as my heart hammered in eager anticipation. I felt the brush of them in every fiber of my being as warmth spread out from the point of contact. The heat seeped through my body, warming all of my frozen cells. "I wish I was here too."

A small sob escaped me, and then his lips were upon mine, desperate and fervent in his fierce need. My heart leapt and soared in my chest, everything within me screamed for so much more. I melted against him, clinging to him, never wanting to let go of his solid arms as my mind spun with happiness and desire. Even though I knew this wasn't real, that it couldn't last, I allowed myself to be swept up in the joy and wonder that filled me.

It may not be just an illusion, but it was so unbelievably right that the agony within me eased. I found I could actually breathe again as his tongue swept into my mouth. His hands found my cheeks, my hair, and my collarbone before stroking over my arms once more. He moved suddenly, lifting me and settling me into his lap. His hand entangled in my hair as he pulled my head back, his lips traveled over my throat for a brief moment.

"My Bethany," he whispered again.

I was crying freely now, I couldn't stop it as pleasure and sorrow encompassed me. "Yes," I agreed over and over. "Forever," I vowed.

He pulled slowly back; his midnight eyes were brilliant, sparkling in the bright light of day. I hated the grief in them, the loss. "You must hold onto your hope Bethany."

"I can't hope for you to return anymore, it's too hard, it's too much." I could barely speak through the agony wrenching at my soul. "I'll love you forever and always, but I have to let myself grieve for you now. I must."

His fingers stroked lightly over my cheeks, his head tilted slightly to the side. He was magnificent in the light, heartbreakingly handsome, and he was mine. Even if he was gone forever, he would always be mine. "I did not say hope for me Bethany. You must grieve me, you must let me go one day, but you have to hold onto your hope."

"I have no hope anymore," I breathed.

"Of course you do. You wouldn't be here, and you wouldn't be doing this, if you didn't. You must cling to your hope, hold onto it, and use it to get you through these hard times."

I frowned at him, not understanding what he meant, and then I got it. "I do have hope for mankind. I do have hope that we will survive."

His grin was breathtaking, his eyes alight with delight. "I know you do, and as long as you hold onto that hope you will survive."

I frowned; his words had broken my small bubble of bliss I'd discovered in this dream world. "Of course you know," I whispered through the growing lump in my throat. "This is only a dream, you are only my subconscious. Of course you know that there is hope still within me, even if I hadn't realized it until now."

Sadness crept over him, his hands stroked through my honey colored hair as he spread it out before us. In the real world my hair wasn't loose; it was tied back in a long braid and twisted into a bun in order to keep it from tangling to badly. It also wasn't this clean as regular showers and bathes were a luxury that we didn't always have anymore. I was glad that it was gleaming and shiny in this world though. I didn't care if he was real or not, I still wanted to be clean and look as good as I possibly could for him, no matter what.

"Beautiful," he whispered. "My beautiful Bethany."

I closed my eyes. Even if I didn't agree with his words, especially next to his masculine perfection, they were wonderful to hear. My nose was a little too pointy, my face still round, full, and babyish even though I'd lost weight. I was too skinny, awkward, and clumsy. There was no grace, no perfection about me, but in Cade's eyes there was. Or at least there had been. I knew that with absolute certainty. Even with all of my imperfections he had found me beautiful, and he had loved me.

I opened my eyes, blinking away my tears as I tried to focus on his beloved face. "Magnificent Cade."

That striking grin was back. It was even more beautiful for the rarity with which it had existed in real life. "If you say so."

"I know so."

His hand stilled in my hair, he bent to kiss me again. "It's almost time for me to go, but you must remember what I said. You can do this Bethany; you can succeed where others wouldn't. You're so much stronger than even you realize. I know your soul, your heart, and though you're wounded now, you will one day bring the pieces back together."

"The biggest piece will always be missing." He studied me for a long moment. Though this was my dream, his anguish and longing seemed almost real. Almost palpable. Once again I was struck by the strange reality of this dream. His need for me, his hurt for me and everything we'd had and everything we'd lost, was there. I could feel it. His torment beat against me so fiercely that I felt I had to say something to try and ease it. "But I can put the rest of the puzzle together," I tried to assure him.

He smiled wanly at me as he began to stroke my face again. "I love you Bethany."

I buried myself against him, clinging to him as I pressed my face into his neck and cried freely. I had never said those words to him in life, it was something that I would always regret, but I said them now, and I said them repeatedly, and fervently. I hoped that somehow he would be able to hear them, that somewhere a piece of him still existed and could feel the genuine outpouring of my love for him.

He held me tight to him, rocking me gently as he kissed my neck and cheeks. "I must go."

"Not yet," I breathed. "Please just one minute more."

But it was too late; I could already feel him slipping away from me. Already feel him drifting toward a place where I would never see him again. I was acutely aware of the fact that he would not be returning. Another sob wrenched from me, I struggled to retain my hold on him, but he was already gone beyond my reach. Forever.

***

"Bethany, come on Bethany, wake up."

I struggled to break free from the realm of sleep clinging tightly to me. I didn't want to wake up, I knew what awaited me there, but it was impossible to fight the inevitable. I opened my eyes to find Jenna kneeling before me; her bright green eyes shimmered with worry. I turned away from the sorrowful look in her eyes, unable to stand the pity there as I angrily wiped the tears from my face. I was ashamed that she had seen me cry, ashamed that she had seen me so vulnerable and weak.

"Are you ok?" she asked softly.

I glanced quickly around but I didn't see Bret or Lloyd. "Where are they?"

Jenna glanced over her shoulder. "They went to scout ahead." That was a relief; at least they hadn't seen me crying like a baby over a dream. "Bret wanted to give you a chance to sleep a little more. Bethany..."

"I'm fine." I realized that was the first time I had said it and felt as if it might actually be true, or at least not a complete bold faced lie. Cade had been killed, I still lived, and there still was, and always would be, hope. I sat up straighter against the tree.

Jenna rested her hand on my shoulder, stopping me before I could rise. I frowned at her, unable to understand the sympathy in her eyes. Jenna had always disliked me, we had never run in the same circles, and her disdain of everything that I was had always been obvious. As had her desire for Bret. We'd started to get along a little better over the past few weeks, I would grieve for her if something were to happen, but I wouldn't exactly consider us friends.

"Why are you being so nice to me?" I inquired wearily.

Jenna sighed as she sat slowly beside me. She dropped her chin to her knees for a brief moment before turning to me. "I was mean to you in high school," she admitted. "I know that, but it was all so petty, and silly. And high school." She snorted softly as she shook her head and dropped her arm over her knees. "It seems so long ago, so pointless, and stupid."

"It does," I agreed.

"God I was so foolish." She sat silently for a long moment, her strawberry colored hair blowing lightly in the breeze. She tucked it loosely behind her ear. She was far more delicate than I, with pretty features, and a petite frame. She'd been perfect in high school, the golden girl with her manicured nails, styled hair, and high priced clothes. It was not the same girl sitting beside me now, though I noticed her nails were a pretty pink color. I smiled over the simple, small gesture to retain something from her old life. I knew how she felt; I was clinging to as much as I could too, but everyday it seemed as if there was less and less to hold onto. "It was so easy back then though," she breathed.

I thought back to those days, the ones where my mom was still alive, and I was dating Bret. The aliens had loomed over us my entire junior year, but after the first few months a false sense of security had settled over us. Even while the aliens had been stripping us of our rights, and our freedoms. We had all been so foolish, so silly to even remotely think they meant well, but hindsight was twenty twenty after all. And there was no changing the past, but we could still change the future.

"I'm sorry for the way I was back then."

My gaze slid slowly toward her, I struggled to keep my disbelief hidden. "It's ok."

"No, I was mean to you and I am sorry for that. It was just that..."

"You like Bret."

Her lips quirked as she smiled softly. "Yeah, I do."

"And you were used to getting what you wanted."

She chuckled softly. "I certainly wasn't used to losing a guy to someone like you. No offense."

I grinned at her as I brushed back a lose strand of hair. "None taking, I never understood it either. We're not together anymore, why haven't you gone after him?"

She shrugged indifferently, but sadness crept over her. "Cause he still loves you."

"But..."

"It's ok. I think he'll come around one day, or I'll move on. If we can ever find some cute survivors somewhere," she added nonchalantly.

"Jenna..."

"Right now we all need each other. I understand that. When all of this first happened, I didn't get that. I kept waiting to wake up, kept waiting for the punch line, kept waiting for it all not to be real. But there is no punch line, and all we have is each other. Trying to get Bret to notice me is no longer a priority."

I stared at her for a long moment, startled by how much she had grown up in these past few weeks. How much she had changed. But then, she had lost both of her parents in the attack. She didn't say it, but I knew that she retained some hope they were still alive. Not that I blamed her. She hadn't seen either of them die, didn't even know if they had been frozen, and if Bishop's blood type theory was correct then at least one of her parents, perhaps both, had escaped The Freezing. There was still a chance they might be alive.

"If there is one thing I've learned, it's that we don't know how much time we have left. It could end today for all we know. Getting Bret to notice you may not be a priority, but I would at least tell him how you feel. I love Bret, he's a great friend, but he can be a bit obtuse about some things."

"You mean like his firm belief that you will eventually get over Cade."

I tried to cover up my involuntary flinch over Cade's name, but I knew she had seen it. "Yes, like that."

Jenna heaved a long sigh, forced a small smile, and climbed slowly to her feet. "You're right about not knowing how much time is left, but Bret needs time to come to terms with losing you. I also need time. We've lost a lot, this isn't our world anymore."

"No, it's not." I took hold of the hand she offered me, squeezing it tightly. I'd lost all my friends, I didn't know what had become of one. But I'd just found a friend where I never thought I would and I was not surprised to realize that Jenna would be a good friend. "I'm glad we had this talk."

She grinned at me. "Me too."

CHAPTER 4

It was harder moving through the dark, especially without a flashlight, but I felt strangely safer with only the moon and stars to guide us. It was stupid to feel that way, we had been attacked more than once at night, but I couldn't help it. Though it was harder to see, we made surprisingly good time and reached the edge of Plymouth before daybreak.

Lloyd consulted the GPS. "We can cut through Myles Standish; use the state forest as cover. It's only seven miles but the terrain will slow us down."

"And we'd..." Jenna pondered softly, her eyes distant.

I frowned at her, but it was Bret that asked the question. "And we'd what?"

Jenna bit on her bottom lip, her shoulders were set tight, and then they slumped. "I might as well tell you," she mumbled. I bristled, disliking the fact she had kept anything from us, especially after our talk earlier. "I wrote a note for my parents before I left. I told them that I would try to meet them in Plymouth at my Aunt Lucy's house. If they're still alive..."

Her voice trailed off, the underlying hope beneath it nearly palpable. "Then they would go to your Aunt Lucy's," I finished for her.

"Yes," she breathed, tears shimmering in her bright eyes.

"Where does she live?"

"State road, it's only four miles from the hospital, but..."

"It's on the opposite side of where we are," Lloyd finished for her, his eyes narrowed on the display screen.

"How opposite?" Bret inquired.

"It will be five miles from the tip of the state park, apparently another four to the hospital after that," Lloyd answered, his eyes narrowed on Jenna. His annoyance and impatience were evident as he stared hard at her, hoping that his military cold look would cause her to cave. Jenna shifted nervously, looking guilty and frightened, but she showed no signs of backing down. And I didn't blame her. If I thought there was a chance my mother was still alive, I would do anything I could to get to her.

"How far is it to the hospital from the tip of the state park?"

"Three point nine."

Bret's breath hissed out of him, I grimaced. Jenna tilted her chin up, her eyes narrowed slightly. "So it's either another seven miles..."

"Or another thirteen," Lloyd finished.

We grew silent; I could feel the tension in the air. "Well thirteen isn't so bad," I said softly.

"That is not the mission!" Lloyd said sharply.

"Lloyd..."

"We were given explicit instructions on our goal, and our approach."

I was surprised by Lloyd's insistence, but then again I had never been through boot camp, or military training. As far as he was concerned he had his orders and he was going to obey them. Jenna looked stricken; her eyes were wild with fear. "We were never told which route to take," I said softly trying to make him see reason.

"We were told to take the safest and most direct route possible. This isn't even on course."

My patience was quickly unraveling. Jenna had a chance to see if her family was still alive, and we were going to take it. "Her parent's lives..."

"Our lives, the lives of many!" Lloyd interrupted angrily. "The needs of many greatly outweigh the needs of a few."

"Lloyd!" I said sharply, shocked by his words.

His air of youthfulness vanished as he leveled me with a withering glare. My eyes widened slightly as I took an involuntary step back. "I am not the bad guy here. You are the one that wanted to do this mission, and we will do it."

"It's only a slight detour."

"It's a six mile detour along more populated roads."

I looked helplessly at Bret and Jenna. Bret was thoughtful, his hands clasped behind his back as he rocked on his heels. Jenna looked about ready to cry, but there was a growing air of fury around her. "I'll go by myself."

"No one is going anywhere by themselves!" I told her. "Lloyd..."

"This is not a democracy."

"We are not in the military!" I snapped at him.

Lloyd's jaw locked. "I am, and I have my orders."

"Enough!" Bret finally inserted. "We are not separating; we are not deviating from the mission. Part of our goal was to try and find survivors. Jenna has a lead on where we could find some. It is part of the mission Lloyd, it may take us a little longer, but it is still part of the mission."

I couldn't stop the admiration and relief that filled me as I turned to Bret. I would have sat here and butted heads with Lloyd for hours until one of us just gave up or I completely lost my temper. Leave it to Bret to find reason and logic to use against the stubborn soldier, instead of anger and hostility.

"We cannot leave here knowing that we chance leaving survivors behind," Bret continued, his tone level and encouraging.

Lloyd was silent for a few moments, thinking over Bret's reasoning. "You're right," he finally relented. "We cannot leave the area without first seeking out the possible survivors."

I breathed a sigh of relief, Jenna let out a small cry of delight as she threw her arms impulsively around Bret. I bit back a smile at Bret's look of shock and disbelief as he awkwardly managed to hug her back. "Address?" Lloyd barked out.

Jenna was beet red and grinning brightly as she pulled away from Bret and rattled off the address.

***

I was regretting our decision, regretting the fact that we were now standing on the edge of the main street in Plymouth staring down the tree lined roads. There were trees but they weren't much coverage, and the two and three story buildings offered no protection from anything above. A few of the buildings had been destroyed. I didn't have to ponder what had been capable of doing that, I'd been unfortunate enough to watch one of the larger octopus/tick/jellyfish things level the antique store our mother had been in the basement of.

Apparently some of these buildings had stood in the way of one of the monsters, and some poor victim. I had no idea how we were going to make it down that street without being spotted. Lloyd was consulting the GPS looking for an alternate route, but everything seemed to be miles out of the way and we had already lost a day just getting this far.

"Maybe if we wait till night," Jenna said softly.

"There is no cover," Lloyd retorted.

I studied the street, taking in the awnings, debris, and open doorways. I had made it down a street even more open than this once, and nearly been caught. Cade had saved me...

I shut the thought forcefully down. My hands fisted as I continued to take everything in. There was no Cade anymore; I would have to save myself this time, and every time after this. We would have to save each other. No matter what, I wasn't going to give up the hope of possibly finding Jenna's parents. "We can do it," I insisted. "Under cover of darkness, and using the buildings, we can do this."

"Bethany..."

"Look," I pointed to the street, to the piles of rubble, to the vast amount of stores and restaurants with their doors thrust open. "In daylight there doesn't appear to be a lot of hiding places, but at night, under darkness, and hiding behind the debris, we can move swiftly through the town."

"Bethany," Bret said again.

Even Jenna was hesitant, fear shone in her eyes. "We can go back, go to the hospital first, and then try my aunts," she suggested.

"That will easily take another day or more," Lloyd muttered, frowning at the GPS. "Damn thing is acting up."

"What's it doing?" I demanded, the sharp edge of fear stabbing me in the chest.

He shook it, slapping it lightly against the palm of his hand. I glanced nervously toward the sky, but the large ship that had settled over Boston over as year ago was not visible right now, and the smaller ones didn't seem to be about. It was hard to tell though; they were silent, and as fast as any racecar. I searched the woods, but birds still chirruped within the trees and thee was a chipmunk searching for an acorn as he dug at the base of a tree. There didn't appear to be any imminent danger, but my skin crawled as Lloyd slapped the GPS again, shook his head and clipped it to his belt.

"It won't register any other route. We either double back or go through."

"Why?" Jenna inquired nervously.

"Could just be a bad spot."

"Or it could be something blocking the signal or satellite."

"Yes," Lloyd admitted.

"Why do I feel as if we're being herded?" Bret muttered.

"The animals are still out, I think we're relatively safe until nightfall," I pointed out.

"And then all bets are off," Lloyd said softly.

The day passed slowly, the movement of the sun seemed excruciatingly slow as it shifted position in the sky. I tried to rest, tried to sleep, but my mind would not shut off. I kept opening my eyes to stare down the street. I had sounded confident when I'd said we could make it down there. I wasn't so sure anymore. The more I studied it now, the less hiding places there seemed to be.

I stood up, suddenly unable to take sitting still anymore. Bret's eyes followed me as I paced anxiously toward a scraggly looking pine tree and leaned against it. I didn't want to look at the street anymore, but my eyes were inexorably drawn back to it. I felt as if I were missing something, as if there was something I wasn't seeing.

I frowned, trying hard to take everything in. I may have grown up nearby, but I didn't know Plymouth all that well. For one thing it was huge, and for another I had hated to ride in cars after surviving the accident that had killed my father. I had not done the school fieldtrips to Plimoth Plantation, or the Mayflower II, so I probably knew even less about the town than most of the kids I had gone to school with.

"Has the town always looked like this?" I asked Bret. "Minus the damage of course."

Bret studied the street for a long moment before shrugging absently. "More or less, I mean there were always more people and tourists moving about, but I'm sure it hasn't been busy like that for awhile."

I continued to study the street; slowly it began to dawn on me what exactly was wrong with this picture. "There's nothing left," I breathed.

Bret rose slowly to his feet, his forehead furrowed in confusion. I had thought that Jenna was sleeping, but one of her eyes popped open to stare at the two of us. Lloyd had been standing guard fifty feet away, but he came closer as he heard our words. "What do you mean?" Bret inquired.

Horror flowed through me as I stared at the empty street. "There's nothing there. Every other street we've come across, in every other town, has had something left behind. Bicycles, shoes, hell we've even come across shirts and pants, socks and underwear. There have been wallets, money, and change. There have been toupees and wigs; there's even been a set of dentures." That had been exceptionally gross and unnerving. "But there is nothing out there. There isn't one damn thing on those streets except for debris from the buildings."

They were silent beside me, and then Lloyd let out a hissing breath. "You're right."

"But what does that mean?" Jenna asked tremulously.

I shook my head; I had no answer for that question. "They're cleaning it up."

We all turned slowly toward Lloyd, nearly identical incredulous looks on our faces. Lloyd's mouth was slack, his eyes wide as he gazed at the empty street in dismay. "Excuse me?" I asked quietly.

"They've cleaned the town up; rid it of the debris left behind by us. Cleaning it so that they can..."

"So they can what?" Bret's question hung heavy in the air as Lloyd's voice trailed off.

"So they can move in," I suggested. I had only meant it to be a lame joke, but I felt trapped beneath their horrified gazes as they swung slowly toward me. "Oh crap, you don't think that's it, do you?"

"What else could it be?" Jenna wondered. "Why the hell else would they bother to come back and sweep the streets clean of all possessions. They don't need the money, I doubt they want the wigs, and I'm certain they aren't looking for dentures. We had all kind of assumed that they would just leave after they collected and killed as many of us as possible. What if they actually plan on staying after?"

I recoiled from the thought, trying hard not to give way to the panic beginning to thrum through my veins. I hadn't even considered the possibility that they might stay behind after they were done destroying us. They had rarely come to earth, even when they had been pretending peace; I hadn't thought that they would consider staying now. They had seemed to openly disdain our planet, and it was more than obvious they only wanted us for our blood. They had spent little time here before all of this, but maybe that was only because of the fact that earth had possessed us repellent human beings as residents. Maybe they would like our planet a lot more now that it had been mostly expunged of our disgusting presences.

Bret cursed loudly as he paced away. He ran a hand anxiously through his disordered hair as he cursed violently again. "I always thought they hated it here," Jenna said.

"There is another possibility," Lloyd said softly. Our attention focused sharply on him as we waited breathlessly for any other explanation than the one I had offered. "It is possible that they cleaned the streets because they are using Plymouth as some sort of base for the area. It's a large town, and it's on one of the main routes to Boston from the Cape and surrounding areas. If people are looking to flee the Cape, and surrounding areas, many of them will come through here."

It took everything I had to keep on standing; I did need a pine tree to lean against though as I felt my legs begin to shake. "They wouldn't want any human things littering the street, reminding them of our pathetic existence." I was really beginning to wish that Lloyd would stop speaking. If he was right then we had just walked right out of the frying pan and into the fire. If he was right, then not only was our mission going to fail, but there was a good chance we might not escape from here. "This could be the lion's den."

Yep, I wanted him to stop speaking. But I sensed he might be right. Sensed that they did intend to use Plymouth as a base, or perhaps some kind of storage area. It seemed far more feasible than the idea that the aliens might actually want to take up residence on our planet when all of this was over.

"I'm sorry," Jenna whispered.

I swallowed heavily. "It's not your fault," I told her. "There was no way any of us could have known."

I waited for Lloyd to say I told you so, but to his credit, he didn't. He strode away from us to consult the GPS again. "Still nothing," he muttered, holding it up as he walked through the woods.

I studied the street, the woods, and the surrounding area. "I don't think they're around. They might intend to move in, but I don't think they're here now."

Lloyd turned in another direction, stalking deeper into the woods. "Why?" Jenna asked quietly.

I pointed to the seagulls and heron sitting upon the railings of a boat dock. A few gulls were circling high up in the sky, and a stray dog had appeared at the end of the road. It sniffed at one of the piles of rubble in search of some much needed food for its emaciated frame. Within the trees the squirrels, chipmunks, sparrows, blue jays, and robins continued to move about. "The animals always go silent when they're near. They're just as afraid of the aliens, and their creatures, as we are."

Lloyd stopped pacing to rejoin us. His eyes were narrowed as he studied the woods, the docks, and then the street. "We have to go now," he said briskly.

"What?" Jenna demanded. "Are you crazy!?"

"Bethany's right." He clipped the GPS onto his buckle and pulled the rifle from his back. "They aren't here right now, the animals would know. We can't say the same thing in another hour, or even another half an hour. We need to move now, and we need to move fast."

"Hell," Bret breathed.

"It's still light out," Jenna said softly.

"It's our best chance," Lloyd replied hurriedly. "We have to move now when we know they're not here."

"Oh crap," I muttered. "Oh crap, oh crap, oh crap."

"Exactly. Stay low and move fast. Keep an eye out for anything unusual, and especially watch the animals. Let's move."

I took a deep breath as I fought against the fear trying to take me over. It was now or never, and if we didn't go now, there may very well be a never. Panic clawed at me, I gathered every ounce of courage I had, tightened my grip on my rifle and took a deep breath to steady my nerves.

I fell in behind Lloyd, with Jenna close on my heels and Bret behind her. We moved swiftly into the open, spooking a few of the birds as we emerged from the woods. The sound of their startled flight caused me to wince involuntarily. I held my breath in preparation for some kind of attack, but as we reached the shadowy safety of the first building I inhaled a ragged, somewhat relieved breath.

We had made it further than I'd expected in broad daylight, but there was still a long way to go. My heart hammered painfully, even in the cool September air I was beginning to sweat profusely. I wiped my forehead with the back of my arm, trying hard to control my shaking as Lloyd slipped from the alley.

We moved swiftly down three empty storefronts before Lloyd disappeared into one of the open doorways. I was breathing heavily as I leaned against the wall inside the building. My eyes scanned over the bar, the stools, and the large glass mirror that highlighted the bottles lining the shelves. I stared at those bottles, amazed that they were still in one piece upon the shelves, and still so perfectly aligned. There were stools tossed aside, restaurant tables upended and splintered into pieces. There were even spots of blood marring the dark wood floors, and scratch ticket machine in the corner. The cash register was on the floor, the money had spilled from it and was scattered around the wooden floor before the bar. No one had touched the money; I did not go for it now. What was the point?

Even with all the destruction and obvious death, those damn bottles were still completely perfect. It was unnerving.

Lloyd broke away, skirting around the chairs and broken tables as he stalked behind the bar. He studied the shelves for a moment before pulling a nearly full bottle of Crown Royal down. "What are you doing?" Bret hissed as Lloyd slipped it into his backpack.

"We make it through this I'm going to have a celebratory drink."

I studied him for a long moment before shrugging absently. Sounded like a damn good plan to me. Lloyd opened the swinging kitchen door with the tip of his rifle, holding it ajar as he craned his head to see inside. He nodded to Bret to follow him before disappearing through the doors. Bret vanished swiftly after him.

I turned my attention back to the quiet street. The dog had made its way toward us. Now that it was closer I could tell that it appeared to be some kind of lab, shepherd mix. Its coat was matted, its ears hung lopsidedly. It looked completely lost and lonely. I wanted to call it to us, wanted to pet it and offer it some comfort and love, but I was afraid that its attention to us might be noticed by something else. Something far more sinister.

Unfortunately, the dog spotted us. Its head lifted, its limpid brown eyes focused upon me, one of its dangly ears rose as it lifted its nose. My heart thumped, I wanted the dog to come to us, and I desperately wanted it to leave. Please, I silently prayed, though I didn't know if I was praying for it to stay or for it to go.

And then, drawn by the potential of food, comfort, and companionship the animal began to slowly approach. Its head was low; its ears drooped as it approached cautiously. I didn't want to think what the animal had endured that made it so shy and hesitant. I knelt as it crept slowly through the door, my hand stretched out as it moved nervously closer. It sniffed at me, but still did not touch me as it stopped a few feet away, its nose stretched forward.

"Careful Bethany," Jenna said softly.

Its wet nose bumped against my hand, for a moment it looked slightly stunned, and then it was pressing closer to me. My hand dug through its fur, brushing over its collar. Its tags clinked softly as I wrapped my arms around its thin frame and hugged it to me. I could feel the sharp edge of its bones through its thick fur. My heart ached for the poor thing but it was one of the most wonderful things I had felt in a long time. In this small, emaciated creature I felt a kindred wounded and forsaken soul. I clung to it for a long moment, its scent was pungent but I did not pull away from the pitiful animal. I pulled away from the dog and tugged its tags toward me.

The dog's ears cocked as I whispered his name. "Barney." Then his tongue licked over my face and he buried himself against me. For some strange reason tears welled up in my eyes as I buried my face in his neck. Barney had lost people that loved and cared for him also, he had been completely alone, until now.

I pulled back from him as Lloyd and Bret emerged from the kitchen. Lloyd's bright blue eyes narrowed on Barney and I, he frowned intently as he eyed the dog. Bret offered a half smile, but his eyes looked troubled as he glanced toward the doorway. "We found some stale bread, not the best but better than nothing."

I held out my hand for a piece of bread. Lloyd stared at me before eyeing Barney again. I thought he was going to protest, thought the soldier in him was going to come rearing back to life, but he didn't offer any complaint. He simply broke off a piece of bread and handed it to me. I offered him a small smile as I took the hard bread and offered it to Barney. He sniffed it cautiously for a moment before taking it with surprising gentleness, considering his obvious lack of food, from my hand.

"Take his collar off," Lloyd said briskly. I nodded as I slipped the jingling collar from Barney's thin neck. The dog's soft brown eyes followed me as I dropped it on the counter. "We need to get moving if we're going to make it through this town."

CHAPTER 5

We slipped swiftly down the street, darting through buildings, hiding within the shadows. Lloyd and Bret searched another restaurant but came up with only more stale bread and frozen hamburger patties. After that crappy gathering, it was determined to just skip the restaurants that had been picked over already in an attempt to make it down the street faster.

Lloyd took the lead; he maintained a conversation with gestures alone as we moved steadily forward. Barney stayed close by my side, his head raised, his ears perked as he listened for danger. It made no sense but I felt oddly safer with him next to me, there wasn't much Barney could do, but I knew he would sense any danger long before we did.

Lloyd stopped as he reached the end of the street. He held his hand to halt us as he poked his head around the corner of the last building. He nodded briskly toward us. I took a deep breath before plunging into the open behind Lloyd. It was only thirty feet until we hit the woods again, but it seemed more like thirty miles as we were exposed, open, and even more vulnerable than we had been throughout the whole trip down the street. My heart hammered, my lungs burned as I pushed my legs to their very limits of speed and endurance. I'd never run so fast in my life but I was afraid that it wasn't going to be fast enough, that I was going to be spotted long before I reached the shelter of the woods.

Lloyd plummeted into the woods, disappearing from sight as he dropped down an embankment. I followed swiftly behind him, not caring where he had disappeared to, what might be waiting for me. I only cared that I was no longer on the street. The drop was further than I had expected. The ground fell out from underneath me, my arms pin-wheeled as I fell a good eight feet through the air. Lloyd was already rolling out of my way and climbing swiftly to his feet.

An involuntary grunt escaped me as I landed hard. My ankles ached but I was falling, rolling as I tumbled swiftly over. Lloyd grabbed hold of me, helping me to my feet as he pulled me out of the way in time for Jenna, and then Bret. Barney simply trotted down the side of the embankment, his tongue lolling as his eyes seemed to laugh at us.

"Let's go," Lloyd ordered briskly.

"How much further is it?" Jenna asked quietly.

Lloyd pulled out the GPS as he began to jog slowly through the woods. He frowned as he raised it high, studying it carefully for a moment. I held my breath, hoping like hell the damn thing finally worked. Lloyd's shoulders slumped with relief. "Two point eight miles. We can be there in about half an hour if we hurry."

I was exhausted but the possibility of finally reaching one of our destinations was far too tempting to slow me down. We moved swiftly through the woods, Barney stayed close by my side, his tongue lolling as he panted slightly. There was a bright step in the dog's gait that hadn't been there when he had been wandering the street. Apparently a simple piece of bread and a little affection were all that he needed to be happy again. I was heartened by his presence and took strength in his determination and suddenly joyful attitude.

I turned my attention from Barney to find Lloyd watching me. "Hope he doesn't bark," Lloyd muttered.

I shot him an angry look but didn't respond. I hadn't thought of that, but I wasn't going to respond to Lloyd. Following the GPS we came across a small back road lined with trees and white picket fences. For a moment I felt as if we were on the edge of a stage, as if we were looking at the scenery from some play. It was so still, so calm and peaceful that it robbed me of my breath. Where many other roads had destruction littering them, this one did not.

"Scary," Bret muttered.

I seconded that. Barney sat at my side as I crouched down, resting my fingertips on the ground. The scent of dirt and rotting leaves assaulted me. I inhaled deeply savoring in the raw scent of the earth. My earth. "That's my aunt's house," Jenna breathed pointing at a cheery yellow house with soft blue shutters. The potted plants hanging from the porch beams were swaying gently in the soft September breeze. They were beginning to die from lack of water. The whole thing was so damn eerie that I wanted to turn and bolt back into the forest. This air of pristine perfection didn't seem right. Not at all.

I glanced at Barney, but he wasn't nervous about the strange road. "The dog seems to thinks it's ok," Lloyd muttered.

"Barney."

"What?"

"His name is Barney," I told him.

Lloyd rolled his eyes as he turned his attention back to the road. "Barney thinks it's ok."

We stayed perched by the side of the road studying the house for a moment longer. "Then let's go," Jenna said forcefully.

"Wait." Lloyd held out a hand, his eyes narrowed as he glanced first one way and then the other. "This whole thing..."

"Is just wrong," I finished for him.

His eyes came slowly toward me. He nodded once, briskly. "It appears safe and we can't stay here," Bret said. "We either move now or we stay here until..."

"Until we know it's not safe," Jenna retorted sharply.

I rested my hand on her arm, looking to calm the simmering tension radiating from her. Her patience was obviously wearing thin and I didn't blame her. "We're going," I assured her. "It may not feel right but it's not going to get any calmer than this road. We have to go."

Lloyd nodded, but his eyes were distant, weary. I rose slowly, if he wasn't going to go first, then I would. I took a deep breath, drawing on my courage as I prepared to plummet into the calm streets of what had the eerie appearance of Mayberry. I bolted forward before anyone could stop me, racing across the street with more speed than I would have possessed a month ago. I bounded up the porch steps, feeling the thump of the rifle against my back as I took them two at a time in leaping bounds. I didn't hesitate at the door, didn't even stop to think it might be locked (no one lived here anymore, why would they bother to lock it), as I grasped hold of the knob and flung it open.

In my hectic pace I nearly fell into the house as I tripped and stumbled over the doorframe. I just barely managed to catch my balance before I slammed into the kitchen table with enough noise to raise the dead. "Graceful," Lloyd commented as he swept into the kitchen behind me. He surveyed the room in sweeping motions with his rifle aimed and ready.

That's probably the way I should have entered the house, instead of my frantic pirouetting ballerina move that had left me with a bruised hip and an even more bruised ego. "Whatever," I muttered, fighting against the urge to rub my throbbing hip.

Bret and Jenna entered with the same reserve and caution that Lloyd had exhibited. Bret shook his head at me, his disapproval and censure obvious. Jenna didn't look at me as she eagerly scanned the kitchen. She lowered the pistol she had been holding as she raced from the room. "Jenna wait!" Bret said sharply but she had already disappeared from view.

"Mom! Dad! Aunt Lucy!" her soft cries became distant as she disappeared into the bowels of the house.

Lloyd nodded to Bret. "Follow her. We'll check out the lower floor. You going to actually get your gun ready?"

I glared at him, but took his advice and pulled my rifle forward as Bret disappeared. I followed Lloyd swiftly through the house, sweeping swiftly through the rooms as we searched for anything out of place, but there was nothing. Absolutely nothing. A soft thump issued from above. I tilted my head back, holding my breath as I stared expectantly at the ceiling. No shouts rang out; I could make out the sound of their soft footfalls as they moved across a room.

"Did anything even happen on this street, or did they all take off? Did they somehow escape The Freezing?" I whispered.

Lloyd did not look at me as he stroked the dying stalks of a spider plant between his fingers. The baby offshoots had already fallen off and dropped to the floor. There was a look of longing on his face that I didn't understand but that left me breathless and aching for things lost. "I don't know."

"None of this seems right. It's like we're trapped in an alternate universe, we're the ones stuck on the side where there's no one left. The other side is still moving, still alive and they either don't remember that we even ever existed or they're baffled by the sudden disappearance of so many."

"I had one of these as a child. I would have taken it to boot camp but they wouldn't let me. I don't know what became of it." Or his family, I heard the unspoken words even though he didn't say them. I understood the longing and sadness that aged his youthful face. Lloyd cocked one reddish eyebrow at me as he finally released the plant and turned toward me. "An alternate universe huh?"

"Or something like that," I managed to whisper, nearly broken by the sorrow in the solider.

"It's nothing like that," he said gently. "Jenna is still moving; it only makes sense her aunt would be the same. There is no alternate universe here, only lucky people, and the highly unlucky."

"Which side do we fall on?" I inquired dryly.

He grinned at me, but the smile did not reach his eyes. "I haven't decided yet, graceful." Though I tried hard not to, I couldn't help but grin back at him. "This is a creepy road though."

"Whole damn town has been creepy so far."

"It has," he agreed, idly turning his attention back to the plant.

I left him to his memories. I needed a moment to gather my thoughts, and regain some of my courage. I could feel it waning in this strange land of seemingly utter calm and tranquility. I knew better than to think that things were just as they seemed. There was something going on in this damn town and I couldn't help but think we'd just wandered straight into the spider's web and that it was just waiting to spin us into a cocoon and drain us dry.

I walked back into the kitchen. Barney was lying on the floor, his front paws crossed before him, and his head resting on them. He cocked one ear and opened one eye to watch as I walked slowly around the room. I opened cabinets, looking for food but looking more for a distraction from my thoughts and this world. They seemed to have been completely picked over. Someone had survived The Freezing, whether it was Jenna's aunt, her parents, or other survivors I didn't know, but the only thing left in the cabinet's were a box of baking soda and a thing of vanilla.

I sighed as I closed the cabinet full of cleaning supplies and turned to the fridge. My eyes widened, I felt my mouth drop as I spotted the note stuck to the fridge by a magnet. The magnet was of Jenna sitting on Santa's lap. The picture was a good ten years old, but I had known her then, and the strawberry colored pigtails and bright smile were instantly recognizable. I spotted Jenna's name as I tore the note from the fridge. I wanted to read it, wanted to know what it said, but it was not my note and I couldn't bring myself to know about Jenna's family before she did.

I nearly ran from the room, my heart thumping in eager excitement as I rapidly searched Jenna out. I glanced into the room where I had left Lloyd, but he was standing by the window, his hands clasped behind him as he lifted his face to the sun. His eyes were closed; he had found some solace in the gentle rays warming him. There was something peaceful and almost joyous about him. I hesitated for a moment, taking comfort in the small moment of pleasure he seemed to have found.

I tore my attention away, needing to find Jenna, and unwilling to interrupt Lloyd's moment. I hurried up the stairs, trying to be quiet in my excited rush. I hit the top of the stairs, and turned the corner to find Bret standing in a doorway. His eyes were sad as they landed on me, his mouth was drawn tight. I froze, uncertain what to do, I held either joy or a major letdown within my grasp. I wished that I had read the note after all because judging by the look on Bret's face, whatever was in that room, was not good.

Bret frowned at me; his eyes darted down to my now fisted hand. He glanced back into the room before breaking away and coming to join me. "What is it?" he asked quietly.

I looked behind him, but Jenna was nowhere to be seen. "I found a note with her name on it."

"What does it say?"

I shook my head as I licked my lips nervously. "I don't know. I didn't read it, it's not my note. What's going on?"

"It's her aunt, she's frozen."

Disappointment and hurt for Jenna filled me, but there was also something else. Something that nagged at the back of my mind for a brief moment, something was wrong. I buried the niggling doubt beneath the returning hope that what I held was good news. There was always something wrong now. "She needs to see this."

Bret nodded as he turned away from me. He moved slowly back to the bedroom, looking hesitant as he stepped through the doorway and spoke softly with Jenna. Lloyd had crept up the stairs, only making a sound as he stepped off the last step and into the landing behind me. I lifted the note for him to see, but he didn't ask any questions, and I didn't offer any information as Jenna emerged from the room. She looked broken, drawn. Her eyes were red rimmed, her face streaked with the tears that had slipped down her pale cheeks.

I held my breath as I handed the note out to her. It has to be good news, it has to be good news, I prayed silently. I twisted my hands eagerly before me hoping that the note held something that would help ease the broken look on her face. Jenna frowned at me but slipped the now crumpled paper from my grasp. She pulled it open, her eyes widening as she spotted her name, and the words.

"It's from my mom," she breathed.

I inhaled a shaky breath, fighting back the sudden rush of tears that sprang to my eyes. Hope tore through me, happiness and relief filled me as Jenna's face lit with pure joy and her bright green eyes shone with tears of happiness this time. "They're alive, they both are. Or at least they were a week ago. She says they waited a week for me, but there were other survivors moving through and they realized they had to move also. They are heading into Boston, in hopes that there will be more survivors and protection there. She's not sure exactly where they will be. No matter what, as long as one of them is still alive, they will leave me a note either at my grandmother's house, the science museum, Paul Revere's house, or in a mailbox at a home on Beacon hill. She says they love me and miss me. There are tear marks on the paper."

Jenna was also crying by the time she was done giving us the details of the note. I didn't think she realized this though as she was smiling radiantly and didn't wipe the tears from her face. "Why so many places?" Bret asked softly.

"In case one or all of the others are destroyed," Lloyd answered. "Or in case they don't make it near any of the others."

"They will go to my grandmother's, no matter what," Jenna insisted.

"But there is no guarantee your grandmother's house will still be standing."

Though the words were harsh and clipped, Jenna didn't flinch from the truth of them. I felt she was too happy to acknowledge the pain those words would have normally inflicted. "It's ok, they're alive," she breathed. "I will find them, no matter what, and that is all that matters."

I nodded my agreement. She had come this far, her parents had come this far, I firmly believed they would be reunited again, and I was going to do everything I could to make that happen. "I should have left a note," Bret mumbled.

I rested my hand on his arm, squeezing it gently. "You couldn't have known that your mother probably wasn't affected."

"I still should have done it; I just assumed that we would be able to get back..."

His voice trailed off, his strong jaw clenched as he turned away from me. I could sense his anguish, his frustration, even though he was trying to keep it buried. "There are plenty of us that wish we could have done things differently, unfortunately there is no changing the past. We have each other, we have our lives, and we need to keep moving forward," Lloyd said briskly.

I didn't ask what had happened to his family; he probably didn't know and none of us liked to be reminded of the loved ones we'd lost. "There's always hope," I whispered, briefly recalling my dream of Cade earlier.

Bret's forest colored, beautiful green eyes came slowly back to me. For one brief, highly alarming moment, I saw only despair in a gaze that had always been so full of wonder and joy. And then, much to my relief, he managed a small smile and squeezed my hand tightly. "Yes, there is."

I realized too late that he might have taken my words the wrong way. That he may think that I meant hope for him and I again, when that was the last thing in the world I'd meant. I glanced at Jenna, not wanting her to think I had changed my mind about Bret. We'd just become tenuous friends, I didn't want to ruin that, but she was still staring in wonder at the paper in her hands. I jumped slightly when Bret's thumb stroked over my hand.

"Your parents may still be out there, there is a chance you will see them again," I elaborated, gently pulling my hand away from Bret's. "At least we know there were other survivors that moved through this town."

"And we had better get moving too," Lloyd said. "If we want to try and get to the hospital before sunset."

"Just let me say goodbye to my aunt," Jenna said, spinning swiftly on her heel.

"Who?" Lloyd asked in surprise.

"Her aunt. She's frozen," I explained.

Lloyd's eyes widened, his mouth dropped as he gaped at me. "What is she!?" he demanded sharply.

I glanced nervously at Bret, thinking that Lloyd had flipped, that perhaps something in his mind had snapped. Lloyd knew about the frozen people, we had done nothing but encounter them for the past month. Hell, they had been nearly impossible to avoid, in the beginning, if we moved further than five feet at a time. How could Lloyd possibly have forgotten about that, and why was he looking at me as if he was about to strangle the life from me?

I took a frightened step back. I had become more competent with weapons, and fighting over the past few weeks, but I sure as hell didn't want to take on a man that was highly trained by the army for at least a year. "What is she!?" Lloyd demanded again, but this time his voice was low and gravelly.

"She's frozen, you know one of the frozen people," Bret said slowly obviously as weary about Lloyd's strange reaction as I was.

Lloyd let loose with a flurry of curses that would have caused even the most hardened truck driver to blush. They sure as hell made me gape, and even question what a few of the things he said meant. "We need to go!" he declared sharply at the end.

"We're going in a moment," Bret told him.

"No! Now! We need to go now!"

Lloyd shoved roughly past me, he stormed down the hall at a rapid pace that left Bret and I staring after him in disbelief. "What the hell was that?" I whispered.

"No idea," Bret responded, shaking his head slowly. "Let's hope our trained killer hasn't flipped his lid though."

"Bret..."

My words were cut off as Jenna began to protest vehemently from the bedroom. Lloyd ignored her protests as he pulled her forcefully from the room. His hand was wrapped firmly around her upper arm as he began to drag her down the hall toward us. "Move out!" he snapped.

"Lloyd what is going on?" I demanded. I was unwilling to go anywhere with him until I knew where his sudden, and seemingly irrational, fear had come from.

"We can talk as we move. Now move!"

I turned and hurried down the hall, more frightened by the look in his eyes than by his behavior. He was speaking like he was angry, like he was on the verge of snapping completely, but there was pure terror blazing from his eyes. I fled down the stairs, Lloyd's fear propelling me rapidly forward. Bret followed close behind and Jenna had stopped protesting by the time I reached the bottom floor.

I rushed into the kitchen, realizing only belatedly that I had been too distracted by the note to check inside the fridge. I didn't think there was much hope for anything in there, but it was worth a peek. I flung the door open and froze. The power hadn't gone out in this area of town so some of the food had managed to stay good, but there was green ooze seeping from the crisper and an awful smell assaulted me. There were also two boxes of Cheerios, one of Special K, and a Raisin bran sitting on the shelf amongst the mess. In front of them was a post-it that read Jenna.

"Thank you Mr. and Mrs. Howe," I whispered. I didn't know why the hell her parents had placed them in the fridge, perhaps they'd hoped to keep them fresher, but I didn't care. I swung my backpack forward and began to shove the boxes inside as the other three entered the room.

"Bethany," Lloyd hissed.

"One moment," I retorted, shoving and pushing the third box into my bag. It wasn't going to zip all the way closed again, but I didn't care. The cereal would keep us going for a few more days, maybe even a week or more if we were careful with it.

"Bethany let's go!"

I tried to pull my arm from Lloyd's iron tight grasp. Though he was thin, he was far stronger than he appeared as he clung to me. "The cereal!" I snapped.

He shoved his face into mine. "Screw the cereal!" he snarled.

I blinked in surprise as he tugged the zippers on my bag closed and threw it onto my back. The last box of Cheerios fell to the floor. Barney had already been on his feet, but now he surged eagerly forward as the little O's scattered across the linoleum. "Wait!" I gasped as I was pulled roughly forward. "Barney."

Lloyd wasn't listening to me though as he drug me toward where Jenna and Bret waited by the door. Jenna looked fearful; Bret just looked completely baffled by everything. "What the hell is your problem!?" I demanded breathlessly.

"The aunt is frozen," Lloyd responded, not at all slowing down.

"So are a lot of other people," I retorted growing more fearful of his erratic behavior.

Lloyd glanced back at me. "She's frozen and she's still here. The rest of the town has been cleared out already."

I gasped in horror, the niggling feeling I had experienced upstairs suddenly came surging to the forefront. Though I hadn't quite understood what had been bothering me at the time, I understood it now, and I cursed myself for being an idiot. Every other place we had come across in this area had been damaged, and completely devoid of human beings. But not here, in this frozen Mayberry of peace and tranquility. No, here everything was still perfect, still intact, still as everyone had left it before the moment that had shattered our lives. Everything was as it had been, including the people unable to flee from the monsters heading their way. The monsters that would seek them out in order to drain them of their life.

Monsters that would be heading our way.

"Crap," I breathed.

"Yes crap, now let's go."

I didn't protest anymore, didn't argue with him. I fled out the door, pounding down the steps of the porch. I turned back, wanting to call out to Barney as Bret and Jenna raced across the street toward the woods. My voice froze in my throat though as I realized that everything had gone oddly, deathly quiet once again. My terrified gaze swung to Lloyd, I saw the answering panic in his bulging eyes.

Barney emerged onto the porch, his ears pricked, his nose raised into the wind. The hair on the back of his neck stood up seconds before one of the monstrous things rose up from behind the house. It was not as large as the house, or at least its main bulk wasn't, but this one had become big enough so that one of the tentacles was able to reach the second story windows. It was only that tentacle I could see at first, as the rest of it was blocked by the home, but it slowly began to emerge from the back.

Its opalescent and red bulge began to squish and push its way in between Jenna's aunt's house and her neighbor's. Boards were ripped free, windows shattered, the front porch caved beneath the weight of the bulging creature pressing upon it. This was what had caused the antique store my mother had died in to collapse. This was what had ripped the roof free, snapped bracings, and ruined the building with seeming ease. Its progress was hindered by its size, but that was not going to stop it as part of the house gave way to its heavy bulk. It seemed that as long as these atrocities continued to suck up blood, they also continued to grow in both width and height.

Barney leapt off the porch as one of the tentacles whipped toward him. He let out a startled yelp, barely managing to avoid the things hungry grasp. "Barney," I whispered as I slid to a stop.

"It's a damn dog!" Lloyd barked. "And he's faster than you!"

I was torn between going back for the dog, and listening to the complete and utter logic that Lloyd spewed. In the end, it was Barney's speed and cunning ability to avoid the whipping tentacles that made sane reasoning finally return. The dog leapt and bound forward with grace and speed. He nearly beat me into the relative safety of the woods.

I plunged into the forest at the same time that three more of the monsters emerged onto the street. Two of them came straight at us.

CHAPTER 6

"Zigzag," Lloyd ordered.

He didn't have to tell me twice as I raced in and out of the trees. I didn't know what good it was going to do us though, those damn things were fast, and their freaking tentacles were even faster. We had no position to stand and fight, not right now anyway. We needed higher ground, but the last thing I was going to do was climb a freaking tree. I'd never survive then, a tree was no obstacle for these things.

Unfortunately there appeared to be no other high ground around us. My gaze searched wildly around the forest, looking for something, anything that would give us some sort of protection or shelter. I glanced over my shoulder, Jenna was already starting to lag a little, and I could feel the burn in my lungs and legs. We couldn't keep this up for much longer, and judging by the rapid snapping of trees resonating behind us, we weren't putting much ground between us, and them.

Lloyd jumped onto a set of boulders; he turned partially around, his eyes narrowed as he surveyed the woods. He leapt off the boulders, disappearing momentarily from sight. I pushed myself to keep going, but the backpack was becoming steadily heavier, and my legs hurt more and more with every step I took.

Barney darted past me for a moment, brushing briefly against my legs before surging ahead. The saying that a person didn't have to be the fastest in the group when being chased, they just have to be fastest than the slowest member, flashed through my mind. Apparently Barney knew this saying, and lived by it. Then again, Bret was staying behind me and though I couldn't see her, I knew that Jenna was falling even further behind.

Maybe some people wouldn't mind just being able to beat someone in order to survive, but I sure as hell did. There was no way I was going to allow Jenna to be lost, not like this anyway. And I certainly wasn't going to lose Bret. There had to be something that we could do. Even if these things did catch Jenna, they weren't going to stop with just her anyway. They would take us all down one by one.

Lloyd suddenly reappeared, he was standing on another set of boulders, his rifle raised, his eye pressed to the scope. The boom of the shot was startling in the forest, but no birds took flight. Where the hell did they all go when they felt the approach of these damn things? I suddenly, and uselessly, wished for wings too. Though I didn't think there was any chance he could hit one of them through the trees, Lloyd fired off another shot. He probably just hoped to make them hesitate; I didn't think for one minute that it would work.

I leapt onto the boulder beside Lloyd, struggling to catch my breath as I studied the forest. I could see trees bending and hear them snapping, but I could not see the monsters causing it through the thick foliage of the trees. I may not be able to see them yet, but they were noticeably closer. "Keep going," Lloyd commanded, sounding annoyingly less out of breath than me and my rapid panting.

"We need to make a stand."

Lloyd barely glanced at me before firing off another round. "Do you honestly think we can beat those things?"

"Do you honestly think we can outrun them?" I managed to choke out, horrified by the notion that Lloyd didn't think we could beat them.

"Run."

"Don't wait too long."

I jumped off the boulder, fleeing into the woods behind Jenna and Bret now. We needed to hide, we needed to find somewhere to go to ground, or we were going to die. My heart pounded, I could hear the blood rushing through my ears in giant pulsing waves. My vision was beginning to blur, I could barely breathe through the terror hammering at me. Hope, I was trying to cling to hope, but it was completely eluding me at the moment.

All I had was mind numbing fear.

I was so focused on keeping my legs moving, and trying to see through the bright lights exploding before my eyes, that I didn't realize Bret and Jenna had stopped suddenly until I nearly plowed into them. "Who the hell puts a fence in the middle of the damn forest!?" Bret exploded.

Dismay and horror filled me, my mouth dropped as I stared at the chain link fence before us. My eyes traveled slowly up, I nearly vomited at the sight of the barbwire twisted thickly around the top of it. I looked to the right, and then to the left, but the fence stretched as far as I could see. A strange guttural sound of complete dismay escaped me.

"This way," Bret said crisply.

He turned to the right and began to run along the length of the fence. I didn't know what he was looking for, but he kept his hand on the fence as he moved. I glanced over my shoulder, relief filling me as I caught sight of Lloyd closing in on us. Bret stayed close to the fence line, but it was Barney that found the hole first. I didn't even see the hole, or know that we had gone past it, until I realized Barney was on the other side.

"We missed something!" I gasped.

Barney followed me as I darted back along the fence. "Bethany!" Bret hissed.

Though Barney didn't bark, he began to run back and forth in the same area. I stumbled, nearly fell as I tried to push myself harder, but my legs were too tired, and I was too fatigued to move any faster than I already was. I skidded to a halt, nearly falling over as I stopped abruptly. Leaves and dirt kicked up around me, Barney's tail wagged in eager excitement as he made one more trip back and forth. Vines and weeds had sprung up along both sides of the fence; it was easy to see how we had missed the hole even though it was a decent size.

"Here!" I gasped. "Here!"

I tore at the bittersweet and grape vine. They cut into my hands, tore at my skin, but clung to the fence with frustrating and frightening tenacity. Lloyd appeared at my side, his eyes narrowed as he pulled and ripped at the vines with me. "Go," he hissed when we had cleared enough of the hole to fit through. "Go Bethany!"

I slid through the fence, tugging at my shirt as it was momentarily caught up on a piece of broken metal. I heard my shirt tear, felt the bite of metal against my back, but I didn't care. I pushed Barney back as he eagerly tried to lick my face. "They should have named you freaking Lassie," I muttered at him.

He licked me one more time before backing away. His tail tucked between his legs, his ass end dropped down as he began to cower. I refused to look behind me, refused to see what had him so frightened all of a sudden, what he could see approaching and I could not. It might be spineless, but I found I could not turn and face my death head on. Jenna, Bret, and Lloyd came through the fence next. "This way."

Lloyd broke into a brisk run that we all struggled to keep up with. Though the fence had kept us out, there was no doubt that it would do the same for the things hunting us. "Wait!" I gasped suddenly skidding to a halt.

"What is it?" Jenna demanded.

"Shh," I whispered, placing my finger against my lips as I watched Barney. He had stopped suddenly; his withers were hunched up, his head tilted to the sky. There was something out there, I could just barely make it out, but if I concentrated I could hear a low humming noise in the air. I frowned as I lifted my attention to the sky. The ships were nearly silent; I had never heard them so clearly before, not even when they had been directly overhead, but I was certain they were there now, coming toward us, searching for us. Hunting us.

"Against the trees!" I commanded. "Now! Against the trees! Against the trees!"

They looked at me in confusion for a moment but followed my lead as I flattened myself against the tree. My back pressed against the trunk, my arms wrapped around it. I silently cursed the scraggly pines that sprouted everywhere throughout Plymouth and offered little shelter. I would have cut off my own hand for a giant oak or maple right now. Even a Locust would do. But all we had were the small rough trees and the little bit of protection they offered us.

I was trying hard not to shake, trying hard not to completely freak out and go fleeing through the woods as terror pulsed through my veins with every rapid beat of my heart. Especially as the sound of snapping trees continued to ring through the air as one of those things grew steadily closer. We were trapped, cornered beneath what was hunting us from above, and what was pursuing us from below.

"What the hell do we do?" Jenna hissed.

We all looked to Lloyd, but he seemed just as confused and uncertain as I was. What could we do? If we continued to run the ship would only track us from above. It would follow us through the woods, and none of us knew exactly what their defensive mechanisms were capable of. I thought of the bridge, of the blinding white light that had erupted from nowhere. I recalled Aiden's description of the man, the one that had seemed to burn from the inside out. The one who'd had flames shoot from his mouth moments before becoming a crumbling pile of ash. The heat it had taken to incinerate a person so completely, in such a short time, was nothing short of amazing, and terrifying.

Though the ships had not been present at the bridge, there was no way to know if perhaps they had the capability of doing such a thing also. I shuddered, my fingernails dug deeper into the tree coming up with only rough hewn bark and sap. Not now, not like this. I did not want to go out like this. I was shaking, trembling so fiercely I was certain my legs were going to give out.

The sun slowly began to disappear. It seemed as if a solar eclipse was taking over the sun, than something straight out of a horror movie slid into view. It took over our world, encompassed everything above us as it moved slowly over. Barney cowered by my side, his head down, his ears flattened against his skull. I don't know why he stayed with me, why he didn't just run. He had a chance of escaping these things. He was faster than us, and they might not even want a dog. But then again I didn't think they would discriminate against anything warm blooded, or cold for that matter.

The bright light of the afternoon had become dusk in a matter of moments. I tilted my head back; my heart ached with dismay as the ship crept over us. The sun's rays shone around the edges of it, but the dusk of the day was absolute as long as the massive ship remained above us. Barney whimpered softly as he pressed against my wobbling legs.

A loud thump echoed through the forest. I tore my eyes away from the ship. Trees snapped in the distance, folding over like toothpicks beneath the encroaching beasts. We had managed to elude them this long, and they appeared to have lost our trail, but it wouldn't be for long, and especially not if that ship spotted us.

I didn't know if the ships had spotlights but I felt as if one was shining down on us, hunting us, locating us amongst the trees. I could hear Jenna's rapid pants; her eyes were rolling in her head. Bret remained motionless against the tree next to her. Lloyd was the only one with his weapon in front of him, held tight against his front. His hand was pressed over the glass of the scope as he watched the tree line with narrowed eyes.

I took a deep breath, closed my eyes and bowed my head. I needed a moment to think, to be, to draw upon the courage I felt slipping rapidly away. Just breathe, I told myself over and over again. Just breathe.

Heat bathed over me. I opened my eyes, blinking against the sudden influx of light that flared against my irises. I gasped softly; momentarily frightened that it was the same bright light that had burnt the others alive. I forced my gaze upward, a strangled cry escaping me as I realized the sun was no longer blocked out. The ship was still visible over the tops of the trees, but it had moved on to scan another area of the forest, leaving behind its monsters to scour after us.

"They're going to try and box us in," Lloyd said softly. "Move parallel to each other, squeezing us together, and eventually pinning us in."

"What do we do?" Jenna breathed.

Lloyd glanced rapidly around, and then heaved a big sigh. "You're not going to like it."

"Just tell us," Bret said impatiently.

"We double back."

My mouth dropped, my head snapped toward where we had come from. "But there are even more of them back there!" I hissed.

"They don't expect us to go back that way though. They think we're still running, still heading north. They're going to move that way for awhile, and eventually they are going to realize that we're not there. They're going to come back this way, assuming that we found a place to hide. They won't expect us to go back toward their other monsters."

"Lloyd..."

"I told you that you wouldn't like it. If we keep going this way they're eventually going to squeeze us. If we go back we may be able to skirt them completely. We're going to lose time, but it's the only way."

I glanced at the snapping treetops. They were a good two hundred yards away, but Lloyd was right they were moving inward, narrowing in on a point further ahead. A point they expected us to be at, as did the ship. I shuddered, my fingers dug tighter into the bark. It was only that, and the aching pain in my arms, that caused me to realize I was still clinging to the tree. I released it slowly, sighing in relief as I dropped my stiff, deadened arms back to my side.

I rubbed my wrists tiredly before me; my gaze scoured the forest for some escape other than what Lloyd was suggesting. "Can we stay here?" Jenna asked quietly. "Stay behind them, follow them out of here."

"Once they meet up, they're probably going to double back."

"But we're going to be back that way too," Bret said softly.

"Not if we can cut across somehow, get back to an area they've already been through. We need to get away from them and make our way to the hospital."

"That's a big if."

"If we stay here we die, and that's a definite if."

I slid down the tree, needing a moment to sit, needing a moment to recoup some of my waning strength and energy. "We should rest for five minutes, eat quickly, and then go," I said softly. "We're not going to have many other opportunities. We're going to have to move quickly on the way back and we need the energy boost."

"Oh God," Jenna breathed, her hand flying to her throat. "I'm sorry this is my fault. I'm so sorry."

Bret draped his arm around her shoulders in an effort to soothe her. "It's no one's fault, we all agreed to this," I told her, my growing sense of urgency making my tone brisker than I had intended.

I pulled my backpack forward and tugged out a box of cheerio's. Making a bowl with my dirty t-shirt I dumped some into it. There was a time when I would have balked against eating from something so dirty, now I gave it no further thought. I placed a couple handfuls on the ground for Barney who eagerly accepted the meager meal. I rubbed his ears gently as I passed the box to Jenna.

CHAPTER 7

It was nearly impossible to see once night arrived. A storm was looming, clouds had begun to roll in around sunset, they now blocked out whatever light the moon might have provided. I strained through the dark, surprised to realize that I was able to make out far more details than I had expected in the inky night. Apparently we had been spending so much time moving at night that my eyes had become accustomed to seeing better.

And apparently I had also become more adapt at moving through the woods. I wondered briefly if Darnell's training, and the fact that we had been living like forest creatures for the past month, had finally helped to break me of some of my clumsiness. Either way, I'd only tripped a few times and miraculously hadn't fallen yet. Lloyd pulled out the GPS, consulted it briefly, and slid it back onto his belt. We'd been walking for hours but I had no idea where we were, not anymore. By now my blisters had blisters, and they were all angry and hurting.

"We're almost back to the main part of town; we can cross under cover of darkness, and hopefully be back at the state forest by sunrise."

The last thing I wanted was to go back through that damn ghost town again but I kept my fears to myself. We were all scared, voicing my fear wasn't going to help us any. I kept my attention focused on my feet, trying to see where I was putting them to stay as quiet as possible. I ended up walking into a tree.

Lloyd shot me a dark look as I uttered a muffled curse and the tree shook slightly from my impact. Bret was biting his lip as he tried not to laugh, Jenna was staring at me incredulously, and even Barney looked as if he thought I was an idiot. Bret took hold of my hand, I tried to tug it free but he held tight. "Haven't seen that yet tonight."

"Seen what?" I muttered, angered and embarrassed by what had just occurred. I had been doing so well tonight, but apparently my clumsiness was more ingrained than even I had realized.

"Your inherent grace." I scowled at him. "You watch your feet, and I'll watch the trees."

I couldn't argue with that as he led me through the forest. I was ok with keeping my head down anyway, there wasn't much I wanted to see right now. And in all honesty I thought that if he led the way I might actually fall asleep for a bit while walking. Though I doubted it was possible, I was exhausted enough to find out for sure.

My mind went blank, I zoned out as we moved. I was too tired to think about anything other than putting one foot in front of the other. I was pretty sure I was nearly asleep when Bret stopped moving and I walked right into him. "Sorry," I mumbled as he righted me.

"It's ok."

I blinked rapidly, trying to clear my blurry vision and the sleepiness clinging to me. I shuddered involuntarily and couldn't stop myself from taking a swift step back. We were back at the main road. The buildings, and their ruined remains, sprawled out before us; there was still no sign of life. All I could think of was every picture of all the old ghost towns I had ever seen. All it needed was tumbleweed rolling down the street and the creepiness of this town would be complete.

"We stay low and we move fast." Lloyd was checking his gun as he spoke the words. His jaw was clenched tight, his gaze hard as he turned his attention to me. Beneath his hardened exterior I could sense his fear. I licked my lips nervously; my exhaustion vanished with the realization that Lloyd was terrified. He'd hid his fear well all along, but now it was blazing brightly from him. "We've made it this far."

What he didn't say, but I knew, was that we were lucky to be here, lucky to have made it this far. But how long could that luck hold out for? How long could we continue on fumes and chance?

I double checked my gun too, more to distract myself from my thoughts than with any real doubt there was something wrong with it. "Keep a close eye on that dog, he's our best indicator. Our first alert to danger."

"Barney." I said more out of habit then with any real hope that Lloyd might start calling him something other than that dog.

Lloyd nodded before slipping from the shadows of the woods and hitting the street. We followed swiftly behind, staying close on his heels as we darted down the street far faster than we had moved down it last time. We stayed close to the buildings, in the darkness it was hard to see the bricks and debris in the way but I was able to avoid most of it by following Barney.

I found that I could hardly breathe, found that my heart was hammering with terror, but my feet continued to move and so far we were all still alive. So far. It wasn't that hot out but sweat was running down my face and into my eyes. I had to juggle my gun to wipe my brow with the back of my arm. I felt ill. I wanted to vomit. I wanted off of this damn street and I wanted to go to sleep tonight and wake up in my bed, in my room, in my home, with my siblings and my mother. I wanted this all to be just one horrendous nightmare; I wanted Cade, and everyone that had been lost, to still be alive.

I wanted it all so badly that I could nearly taste it. Wanted it so badly that for a moment I almost froze. For a moment, I was so filled with longing and a desperate need for all of this to not be real, that I almost sat down on the sidewalk and lost myself to the memories and despair engulfing me. I grit my teeth as I fought against the waves of misery threatening to consume me. This was not the place, and this was not the time to completely lose control. In fact, there was no time for thoughts like the ones I was having. Not anymore. Not if I wanted to keep my sanity, not if I wanted to keep waking up every day. Not if I wanted to retain any measure of hope.

There was only time for survival in this world, and we had to survive.

I forced myself to take deep breaths in an attempt to ward off the panic attack I felt clamoring at my insides. "What is that?"

I turned, expecting Jenna to be right behind me, but she had stopped moving and fallen behind us. I stepped closer to the building, pressing myself flat against the cool brick as I searched for whatever it was she was talking about. "What's what?" Bret asked quietly.

Though it was dark I could make out the fierce frown that marred Jenna's pretty features. I just couldn't see what was causing it. I stepped slightly away from the building to search the area that she was staring at, but I saw nothing. "Let's go!" Lloyd hissed sharply.

"Jenna what is it?"

She shook her head, appearing confused as she turned back to me. "Never mind, it must have been nothing."

Barney remained by my side, but he seemed unfazed as he lay down for a moment, his head resting on his paws. He wouldn't be so relaxed if there was something out there. But there was one thing I had learned over the past month, it was never just nothing. "We have to go."

Barney fell into step beside me again as I turned away and hurried after Bret. I wanted off of this damn street, I wanted out of this freaking eerie Godforsaken town. I wanted to find the hospital; I wanted to be with Aiden and Abby again. I wanted this whole experience over with and just to feel one moment of security, no matter how false it was.

Lloyd broke into a run as he darted across a side road. He was momentarily exposed before he reached the other side and plastered himself against the building. Bret bolted across next, with Barney following behind at a leisurely jog. I was about to follow after them when I heard Jenna mutter something.

I took a step forward at the same time that I turned toward her. The uncoordinated move almost caused me to fall on my ass as I stepped off the curb, but I managed to keep myself upright by falling against the building. Aggravation spurted through me as I shoved off of the cool brick facade. "Jenna!" I hissed.

But she was already moving away from me, creeping back the way we had come. I frowned in confusion. What the hell was she doing? Was she trying to get us all killed?

"Hello," her call was soft, but it caused the hair on the nape of my neck to stand on end and my heart to plummet straight into my stomach. We had struggled to stay as quiet as possible and now she was calling out into the dark night as if it were the safest thing in the world to do. When it most certainly was not.

"Jenna!" Her name was grated from my lips, quiet in the night, but I knew that she could hear me.

"There's someone..."

Goose pimples broke out on my body, the sweat coating me suddenly turned frigid. A sense of impending doom slipped down my spine, causing the hair on the nape of my neck and arms to stand on end. I was shivering, I was terrified; I was going to vomit, or run away. But before I fully registered what I was going to do, I was already doing it.

I darted down the street, racing for Jenna who was somehow already a good hundred feet away from me. She took a step closer to the road, her attention fixated on something across the street. I was finally able to see what had her so enraptured. What had entangled her so completely that she seemed to have forgotten all sense of self preservation. I inhaled sharply; my legs nearly gave out beneath me as I caught sight of the slender boy within the shadows of the buildings on the other side of the road.

Time seemed to slow, everything became crisp and clear. The world was stunningly vivid around me. I could make out every detail of the night, every different strand of color within Jenna's red hued hair, and even the colored particles within the air. The lack of light was suddenly no longer a problem as I saw everything in brilliant detail, and recognized the death lurking within the shadows. It was a disconcerting feeling, one that left me shaken, but did not slow my onward rush as my legs pumped faster than I had ever thought possible.

Jenna stepped off the curb and into the street. I clearly recalled the young girl that had killed Sarah, the young girl that had seemed so real and vulnerable, yet harbored a hideous monster. A girl that Jenna had been told about, but had not actually seen.

"We can help you!" Jenna called softly.

"No Jenna!" I gasped.

I flung myself off the sidewalk, my adrenaline fueled mind was oblivious of the danger it was in as I lurched at Jenna. The young boy unraveled swiftly to reveal the hideous fiend within. The creature lunged forward, one of those awful tentacles whipping out with amazing speed and deadly accuracy. I hit Jenna with the full force of my body. Knocking her off balance, I shoved her out of the way of the deadly attack seconds before it would have demolished her chest. I stumbled, nearly fell, but the thing slammed into my shoulder knocking me back as it pierced my body.

Pain exploded throughout me, a scream of agony rose up in my throat but came out only as garbled nonsense. Bone or cartilage snapped and tore loudly as it was bent into a direction it was never meant to go. Shouts erupted around me, white lights exploded before my eyes as I was pushed back beneath the force of the creature. I expected to feel the hard impact of the road against my back, but it did not come as something clamped down on my shoulder, bit deep into my flesh as it pierced me, grasped me, clung to me with murderous intent as it lifted me above the ground.

A scream of agony was trapped within my throat; it burned in me, choking me. I tried to raise my hands to grasp hold of the thing clinging to me, torturing me. My arms were like lead weights as they hung limply at my sides. I didn't have time to fear that I was going to die. I was too caught up in the pain enshrouding me, wrapping around me, and freezing me within its cold, hard grasp. A high pitched ringing exploded in my ears; it pounded against me, filling everything that I was with its intense noise. I thought for a moment that it might be my own screams I was hearing, but my voice was still trapped tightly within me, unable to break free.

This was it; this was the way it was all going to end. I didn't find peace in that thought, my life did not flash before my eyes, and I did not feel terror. All I could see was the bright lights popping before me, and all I could feel was the excruciating pain. A pain so intense that I felt as if I were being ripped apart from the inside out; felt as if I were being flayed alive and stripped to the very bone. I wanted to scream, wanted to let all the pain out but I couldn't. I felt as if I were being wrapped within a spider's cocoon, and encased to the point that motion and sound were no longer possible as the spider exsanguinated me.

My release came so suddenly that I didn't even recognize it for what it was, even as I tumbled back. Normal feeling and sound came rushing back to me as I bounced off the road, bruising my elbows and tailbone. The hard, unforgiving asphalt felt like a cushion of bliss after what I had just experienced. The hard pop of guns slammed into my ears, causing me to wince in pain as normal sound blazed back into my tortured ears. I gasped, rolled over, tried to get up but found that my weak, wobbly legs would not support my weight.

"Grab her!" I heard Lloyd shout over the raining clatter of gunfire.

Hands ensnared my good arm; the other one hung uselessly against my side. "I'm sorry about this."

Before I could question what Bret was sorry for, he heaved me up and tossed me over his shoulder. I groaned as my wounded shoulder protested the movement, but even this small measure of pain was nothing compared to what I had just gone through. I bit my bottom lip hard enough to draw blood, but I did not wince at the sharp, fleeting sting. Bret broke into a brisk jog as he hurried down the street with me.

"The gunfire will draw them here. We need to get away. Now," Lloyd commanded hurriedly.

I could not see him as I bounced against Bret's back, but his boots came momentarily into view as he crossed the road behind Bret. I could feel pain, normal pain, stealing through my body. My shoulder ached; there was blood seeping down my arm. I knew that it was dripping off of me, but I couldn't see it landing on the dark street. The shock was slowly wearing off and I was beginning to realize that I was now a huge liability to them.

Not only was I dead weight, but I was also easily tracked.

"Bret put me down," I managed to mutter through the bouncing impact of every step he made as we plummeted into the woods. "Bret..."

"You can't walk."

"I'm bleeding all over the place, they'll find us."

Lloyd's boots reappeared beneath my bouncing head. I could barely see through the jarring impact that every step caused. "Stop," Lloyd commanded. I felt his hands upon me as he helped to lift me from Bret's back. "We have to staunch the wound."

I felt slightly dizzy, and a little woozy, as they lowered me to the ground. Jenna was staring in wide eyed horror as Lloyd pulled the sleeve of my shirt down, baring my collarbone. I strained to see the wound, and then wished that I hadn't. It was a disgusting, gaping mess of mottled flesh, bone, and blood. Even in the dark I could see the bruising that marred my skin and was spreading across my chest and down my arm. My veins were clearly visible against my unnaturally pale skin.

"The shoulder's dislocated," Lloyd mumbled. "We have to get it back into place before we can cauterize the wound."

"Before we what?" Bret demanded as my mouth dropped in horror.

I wanted to squirm away from them, wanted to pull out of their hold but my strength was waning, my head was spinning, and I wasn't sure I had the strength to fight off a gnat right now. Lloyd gave Bret a fierce look before shaking his head slightly. "It's the only way," he muttered.

"Stitches..."

"Do you have a needle and thread?" Lloyd demanded fiercely. His jaw was clenched tight, it was obvious that he did not want to do this either, but he would be the one.

"What about infection, pain."

"Penicillin..."

"Allergic," I managed to grate out between my suddenly chattering teeth.

"Good to know." Lloyd dug into his pack, rooting around as he searched for something. "We'll find something for you, but we can't wait to stitch it. They'll track that blood..."

"I know." I was trying to sound brave, but my weak tone and trembling body gave me away. "Fine." I swallowed heavily trying to wet my parched throat. "I'll be fine."

"Are you cold?" Jenna demanded, kneeling by my side.

"She's in shock." Lloyd turned back to me, and though his face was hard there was kindness and worry in his sky colored eyes. "And if we don't stop the flow..."

"I'm sorry, I'm so sorry," Jenna gushed. "You told me, you all told me, but he just looked so real, so helpless. I really am sorry Bethy, if I had known..."

"It's ok," I chattered out unable to stand her guilt. "Not your fault."

"But it is!" she gushed leaning closer to me.

"You have to move back." Lloyd shouldered Jenna out of the way as he knelt before me. "Bite on this." Before I could react he shoved a rag into my mouth. I choked in surprise and tried to spit it out but he held it firmly in place. "This is going to hurt and you cannot scream. The scent of your blood is already a big enough draw without adding to it. Bite Bethany."

After what I had just experienced, with that thing, I was fairly certain that nothing could truly hurt again. But to be fair, if I had been able to scream when it had a hold of me, I would have shredded my vocal cords with my agony. I didn't know if I could keep back a cry of pain now. I stopped fighting against the gag, closed my eyes and bit down hard as Lloyd seized hold of my wounded shoulder.

"What are you...?"

Bret's question was cut off as Lloyd jerked sharply on my shoulder. A loud snap, much like a bat hitting a ball, split the air as my shoulder was wrenched painfully back into place. I cried out against the gag, unable to keep the sound suppressed. Thankfully, the gag did. A wave of blackness washed over me, nausea surged up my throat as I teetered on the edge of passing out.

"Some warning would have been nice," Bret snarled.

"There is no time for niceties." My eyes rolled slightly, I wanted the foul tasting gag out of my mouth, but I knew that wasn't going to happen. Not yet anyway. Lloyd was kneeling before me. "The shirt has to come off."

My eyes widened, the last thing I was going to be able to do was lift my arm at this moment. Bret started to protest as Lloyd brandished a knife and slit the front of my shirt deftly open. Bret's face flamed red as he turned hastily away, but Lloyd remained analytical and distant as he tugged the tattered remains of clothing from my wounded and beaten body.

There was a time when I would have been just as red as Bret, but not anymore. Now I didn't care that the only thing covering me was a bra, a bra that was white, tattered, and dirty. Modesty was something I didn't give much thought to anymore, and though I wasn't about to go wandering around nude, this bit of skin wasn't going to affect me even a little.

Lloyd's hand rested on my good shoulder, his gaze was intent on me. I blinked as I tried to bring his face into focus. "This is going to hurt Bethany." I nodded, had anything felt good in the past half an hour? I was certain that I could take this, certain that I could take anything after what that thing had inflicted upon me. "Scream if you need to."

My eyes widened as Lloyd turned away and pulled a long lighter from his bag. "What are you doing?" Jenna asked tremulously.

Lloyd didn't answer her as he tugged his belt off. I watched in wide eyed horror as he dug a small hole underneath a stone and built a quick fire beneath it. The stone blocked the flame from above and helped to keep the smoke from rising. When the flame was a decent enough size and glowing red with heat, Lloyd placed the large belt buckle into the fire. The buckle was square and flat, but I was fairly sure that I had once seen a horse engraved upon the front of it. I was about to be branded by a freaking belt buckle, and tattooed with a horse. Or at least I hoped it was a horse, it may have been a camel for all I knew I had only glimpsed it once.

"Your belt buckle?" Bret demanded incredulously.

"Do you have anything else that's metal and big enough to get that wound all at once, or do you just want me to hold the lighter to her skin for awhile?"

All color vanished from Bret's face; he looked like he was going to be sick as he looked back at me. For a brief moment I wanted to stand up and run. Wanted to spit out the gag and flee screaming into the woods. How had my life become this? All the technology and advancements I had grown up with were gone, and I was about to receive a medieval cauterization in the middle of the twenty first century. With a freaking belt buckle of all things! It all seemed so impossible, so surreal, and wrong. If it wasn't for the three people sitting around me, and the trail of blood I was leaving behind, I would have run. There was only so much a human being could take after all, and I was rapidly nearing my snapping point. But to run now was certain death. This had to happen or I would be hunted down and captured before I could even make it a full mile.

A small trail of black smoke began to come off the belt buckle. It was taking on an ominous orange and glowing hue that caused bile to roll up my throat. Lloyd slipped his shirt off and wrapped it around his hand. It took me a moment to realize that he was going to grab hold of that buckle and press it to me. Dismay filled me as I realized this was going to burn him too, maybe not as bad, but he was going to be hurt. I closed my eyes, I couldn't watch anymore.

"I'm going to need you to hold her." There was no saliva left in my mouth as I tried to wet my parched throat. Bret's hands were gentle as he grasped my good shoulder. "Not like a baby Bret, I'm going to need you to hold her still," Lloyd said impatiently.

I didn't open my eyes, I refused to, but I knew the minute that the metal pressed against my skin. A garbled scream boiled up my throat, and froze there. The smell, and sound of sizzling flesh, reached me moments before I passed out.

CHAPTER 8

It was nearing dawn when I awoke to a bouncing swaying motion that caused my stomach to heave violently. There were hands holding my calves, and another set grasping me gently under my armpits. "You can put me down," I managed to croak out, surprised by how dry and wounded my voice sounded.

"You're awake." The relief in Bret's voice was palpable as his hands tightened upon me. I felt him bend over me as they stopped; his breath blew against my cheek. My eyelids fluttered open. It was momentarily disconcerting, and dizzying, as Bret appeared upside down over top of me. "I was so worried."

"Please put me down."

They had stopped walking, but now Lloyd gently lowered my feet to the ground as Bret supported me for a long moment. I took stock of myself, acknowledging all of the aches and pains in my overused, overworked, and beaten body. I took in the throbbing pain of the burn high on my shoulder. An ugly, large blister had formed over it. I couldn't quite tell if it would eventually become a horse, or some other four legged creature yet. My entire shoulder was an ugly mottled color of black and purple, but it was no longer bleeding. The blood had been scrubbed from my body; I hated the fact that they had probably used some of our precious supply of water to do this. Someone, probably Bret as it seemed extra large, had taken a shirt and wrapped it around my chest. It was tied under my arms and knotted in the back by the sleeves.

"I was so worried."

Before I could react, before I even knew his intent, he bent and kissed me. I was so stunned, so startled by the familiar comfort of his lips against mine that for a moment I didn't react. For a moment I was swept into a time when everything had been boring, safe, and secure. I was swept into a time when I had been with Bret and content to stay that way, even with the lack of feeling and desire I had felt for him. I had been willing to stay with Bret simply because I did love him and I cherished his friendship, even if he didn't cause my heart to race, didn't strengthen me, and love me unconditionally, and simply hadn't made me feel the way that Cade had. His kiss swept me into a time before I had experienced the loss of everything I knew.

A time before Cade, and the hole his death had left upon my tattered soul.

I wanted to stay this way, wanted to forget and go back and never return to the stark reality of my loneliness and this cruel world. Never return to the pain that hounded me constantly, even before the brutal assault I had just endured. But I couldn't. It wasn't fair to any of us if I did.

I pulled away, barely able to meet Bret's hopeful gaze as I shook my head at him. There was so much I wanted to say to him, but the words caught in my throat. What could I say? I turned away from him and took a staggering step back. I felt weak, unsteady, but I was alive and that was all that mattered.

"Where are we?" I asked quietly.

"Almost to the hospital." I turned to Lloyd, my mouth parting in surprise. He looked exhausted. Dirt and blood streaked his pale face; his nearly orange hair was standing on end. It was apparent that they hadn't stopped to rest.

"You need a break," I said softly.

"We need to get to the hospital first. You need antibiotics, and we need to get this over and done with. There will be time to rest afterward."

"If you drop..."

"We've made it this far." It was the first time I noticed that Jenna was carrying my bag and gun. "It's not much further."

"I was out for a long time," I mumbled.

"You lost a lot of blood."

I nodded absently as I gazed around the forest. It was thicker through here; there were more maples and oaks dotting the landscape. Even with the denser protection, I somehow felt even more exposed. Maybe it was because I was wounded, maybe it was because I had a shirt tied around me for clothing, or maybe it was simply because I resented my weakness. Or maybe it was my selfish need for some kind of comfort in this hostile environment, even if it was from Bret.

"It's only another mile."

Lloyd was already walking again; I fell into step beside Jenna, staying close by her side as I avoided Bret. I cursed my cowardice, but I needed to avoid him right now. Jenna glanced at me, looking as if she wanted to say something, but she remained silent. Barney returned to my side, brushing against my legs as he danced around me.

We reached a small incline and climbed to the top of the hill. Beneath us the hospital spread out like some glittering mirage in the desert. The windows were alight in the gleam of the setting sun. It was oddly beautiful, and out of place, in the world surrounding us now. Jenna inhaled sharply; she grasped hold of my arm, her eyes gleaming with the light around us.

"I didn't think we'd make it," she breathed.

I squeezed her hand gently. I didn't think any of us had thought we'd actually make it, but here we were, and there it was. And I was terrified.

I was suddenly certain that something else was going to go wrong, something far worse than the brutal assault, recently dislocated shoulder, and ugly blister I had recently endured. The three people with me seemed to feel the same as no one moved. They simply stared at the assortment of beautifully shining medical buildings.

"Should we wait till dark?" I asked quietly.

"I don't think it matters," Lloyd answered.

"I just want to get this over with," Jenna breathed. "We've come so far."

I swallowed heavily and managed a small nod. "Yes, we have."

Lloyd began to make his way slowly down the hill. Bret and Jenna followed him; I reluctantly took up the rear. My gun was strapped around me again, but the weight I had once found reassuring now seemed like a mere toy. I had seen what those things could do, I had felt the pain they were capable of inflicting. A pain that I could still feel tingling through the very marrow of my bones, a pain I knew I would never forget. It was not like having a sprained ankle or broken bone, or even a torn ligament, it was a memory that would not fade with time and would haunt me for the rest of my days.

No wonder that man Cade and I had seen on the street (the only we know to have been unfrozen), had been awakened by the brutal assault that the creature had inflicted upon it. Cade had attempted to awaken Peter, his old boss, by burning him, but it had failed. I understood why now. The brand I sported on my shoulder was nothing compared to the lingering pain from when that thing had forced its way into my body. The people were frozen, completely immobile to us, but that kind of pain was something that we could never manage to inflict no matter how hard we tried. Of that I was certain.

What I wasn't certain of was whether The Frozen Ones were dead or not. The man that had reawakened was proof that they had originally been alive, trapped within their own bodies, but that had been over a month ago. They may still be frozen, immobile statues, but they had to be dead by now. Didn't they? They hadn't eaten, hadn't gone to the bathroom; hadn't even breathed in so long. But could they somehow still be alive? Possibly even aware of their surroundings?

I shuddered at the thought; goose bumps broke out on my flesh. For a moment the world lurched and swayed, my stomach heaved violently at the thought of being trapped like that. It was the worst thing I could ever imagine happening to me. The endless torture they were enduring if they were aware of their surroundings. I'd rather be dead.

I didn't want to die.

The thought slammed into me. For the first time I realized that it was completely true. I had been going through the motions, surviving because it was expected, hoping because there had been hope to have, but all the while there had been a deadened hole inside of me. There had been an emptiness that kept me teetering on the edge of a dark precipice. The hole, the emptiness would always be there, I knew that. But I wanted to live, I wanted to survive. I wasn't ready for this to be the end and I was very afraid of what the hospital held for us. I should be elated we had reached our goal, I was nearly certain that we wouldn't be leaving the building.

Tears burned my eyes and throat; I kept my head bowed as I watched every step I took carefully. I didn't realize we had made it to the bottom of the hill until the ground leveled out before me. The day was growing steadily darker. Lloyd stopped to survey the buildings, his eyes narrowed as he knelt to rest one hand upon the ground.

"Does anyone know the layout?"

"I've been here once before, when my mom's friend had a baby. If you want to know where the maternity ward is, I'm your guy."

Lloyd scowled at Bret before turning his attention back to the hospital. "Bishop said that the pathology and laboratory departments were where we would find the things we need. They're probably located in the main building, basement. Hopefully," I added.

"Now that is useful info," Lloyd muttered.

We slipped silently through the darkening day, hurrying through the deepening shadows as we stayed low and scurried across the ground. Lloyd reached the doors first. He didn't hesitate, as I would have, before plunging into the dark interior. Bret followed swiftly behind but Jenna balked slightly before disappearing after them.

I took a deep breath and plunged forward, half afraid that something was going to snag me as soon as I stepped inside. Instead, I entered a world of utter chaos and destruction. I skid to a halt behind Bret; the squeak of my sneakers on the linoleum floor as loud as a gunshot in the eerily silent hall. I winced involuntarily, bracing myself for something to come rushing at us out of the dark. Nothing moved, nothing stirred; there was nothing left to make a sound.

"What the hell?" Jenna whispered.

The hall was a mess. There didn't appear to be one inch of floor that wasn't littered with some type of debris. Papers, medical tools, clothes, blankets, mattresses, pillows, and so many other numerous things covered the floor that it was hard to differentiate one from another. It looked as if a bomb had gone off, but I knew it was something far worse and far more sinister.

"My God," Jenna breathed her hand flying to her mouth as she came to the same sickening realization that I just had.

It wasn't a bomb that had gone off in here, but a feeding frenzy that had left the halls devoid of any life, devoid of any hope.

"Let's get this over with, quickly." Lloyd's words made sense, but no one moved.

I didn't want to move through the blood that splattered the walls and floor, didn't want to pick my way through the discarded clothing; didn't want to touch the remnants of the dead. I wanted to close my eyes and block out everything before me, but it was now seared permanently into my mind. I did not want to hear the resounding screams that had once filled this hall, but they echoed through my mind. I was shaking as I took a step back. The blood, the horror, the massacre that had occurred here nearly drove me to my knees beneath the crushing weight of despair that was trying to consume me.

The pain. Remnants of it lingered on the blood streaked walls. Remnants of it pulsed with an answering rhythm in the very marrow of my bones. The horrendous agony of what these people had experienced would forever be absorbed into the sterile white walls of this institution. The place felt haunted, as if the lost souls were trapped here. Forever ensnared within the last horrifying moments of their lives. I could feel their lost souls brushing against me; feel their misery and torment as they remained caged within this awful place. For eternity. They'd had no chance, no hope of escaping. Whatever had swept through here had been rapid and it had been devastating. And it had relished in hurting them.

Almost as bad as the lingering agony, and lost souls, was the smell. The copper tang of blood filled the hall; it was potent within my nostrils and on my tongue. There was something rotting somewhere, multiple something's probably, multiple things that I did not want to see. Jenna was so pale that the blue veins in her eyelids were sharply visible. Her lips were nearly the same color as her face as they trembled; her eyes were filled with unshed tears.

Lloyd had started to move, but his steps were hesitant, weary. Bret followed behind but Jenna and I hung back for a moment. We had not come through the front door; these rooms all belonged to patients. These doors held endless possibilities, and none of them were good. It was like a funhouse, but this one was full of horrors straight from hell.

Slowly we began to follow Bret and Lloyd down the hall. I tried to keep my gaze focused ahead, but every once in awhile it would stray into one of the rooms. So far they all appeared empty, devoid of all human remains, but judging by the increasing rancid smell I didn't think it was going to stay that way. The three of them were lucky enough to be able to pull their shirts up over their noses, I wasn't so lucky. I knew I sure as hell didn't smell good right now, but I definitely smelled better than this damn place and I definitely preferred my own odor over the hospitals right now.

"Maybe this was a bad idea," Jenna whispered.

"There's no going back now."

Bret's tone of voice was far harsher than normal, tension radiated off of him; there was a bleakness in his eyes that I despised. Jenna recoiled slightly, wounded by his cold attitude and demeanor. I wanted to reach out to her, to soothe her, but I could barely keep the gun in my shaking hand let alone comfort someone. A strange buzzing reached my ears; I frowned as Lloyd stopped suddenly. His face turned three shades of green as he gaped into the room on his right. His hand trembled as he reached forward and pulled the door shut. I was grateful for that; I didn't want to see what was in that room as I now understood the source of the buzzing.

Flies.

"Please don't let us find the maternity ward," Jenna whispered.

Bile rose up my throat; I gagged softly but somehow managed to keep it suppressed. My hands were shaking. My palms were so sweaty that I was beginning to fear I would not be able to keep hold of my gun if something did attack us. The thought of stumbling across innocent babies was atrocious; I wouldn't be able to handle it. For the first time I realized that there were children out there, completely defenseless children that had died when The Freezing had occurred, and not all of their deaths had resulted at the hands of the aliens. Some of them had occurred because there had been no one left to care for them, no one left to feed, bathe, and change them. They had been alone, frightened, and unable to defend themselves against the monsters that had taken our world from us.

A sob lodged in my throat, I blinked back the tears that clogged my eyes. I hadn't thought of the defenseless before. There hadn't been time through the all consuming need to survive. There hadn't been time through my own grief and loss. Now, I could not shake the thought, or the fury that came boiling up with it. The aliens would be made to pay, one way or another, I would help find a way to make them pay for everything they'd done, and everyone they'd hurt.

I just didn't know how, or where, to start. As long as we stayed alive there was always hope, always a chance that we would one day destroy them as surely as they were destroying us. We just couldn't let them succeed first.

Lloyd took a turn in the hall, going in low and fast as he moved swiftly to the other side. He nodded to Bret before sweeping further down the hall. We moved more rapidly through the hospital, driven swiftly on by the hollow emptiness and desolation surrounding us.

The pharmacy was the first thing we came across. The door was open, not because it had been left that way, but because it had been bent in, bowed at the bottom and then ripped upward. The metal frame of the door had been ripped half off, it hung at an angle to the floor. Lloyd pocketed his gun to pull his pack from his back and swing it forward. He held it against his chest as he crawled under the twisted metal remains.

"Grab as many essentials as you can," he commanded as we followed him into the large room.

Shelves lined the room, dividing it into different sections and blocking Lloyd as he disappeared into the back. Some of the shelves had been knocked over, broken bottles and discarded pills littered the floor. I grit my jaw as pills crunched and snapped softly beneath my feet. I knew that the crunching wasn't that loud but it seemed as loud as gunshots to me in the hushed building. I searched the shelves but they had already been picked over, either by other survivors, or stripped on purpose by the aliens. Then again the aliens had brought life saving, advanced medicine, with them upon arrival. For all I knew we had stopped making any drugs that could have helped us months ago in favor of what the aliens had to offer us. Fury simmered through me at the sheer ignorance and stupidity we had shown by believing the line of crap they had fed us.

It had gotten us nothing but heartache and death.

I ignored the white tennis shoe lying on the ground, struggling not to think about the person that had left it behind as I moved past the row of antacids. I supposed heartburn sucked, but it wasn't on my list of priorities for lifesaving necessities. Neither were birth control pills or prescription vitamins.

"Here."

I caught the bottle Lloyd tossed at me and turned it over in my hand to read the label. Doxycycline. I nodded as I twisted the top off and dry swallowed one of them. I hoped it was enough to fight off whatever microbes might be multiplying in my body right now due to that hideous thing. There was no way to know what kind of germs those things might be carrying with them. The label said to only take one, but I decided to take another. I was probably going to want some of those antacids afterwards, but I didn't care I wanted whatever germs might be lurking within me dead.

I was frightened that even now there might be something taking up residence in my body, changing me, or even destroying me. Perhaps eating me from the inside out. I had seen the Alien movies, and Invasion Of The Body Snatchers, far too often for me not to have all kinds of frightening and creepy thoughts. I shuddered, and though I knew it wasn't a good idea, I took a third pill before capping the bottle.

I stuffed some extra strength Tylenol and Ibuprofen into my bag but all of the harder painkillers were gone. I found five boxes of antibiotic cream. I eagerly opened one, bracing myself for the sting as I gently wiped it over my heated and bubbled flesh. My breath hissed out of me, my teeth grated sharply together, but I fully intended to keep dousing my shoulder with the crap if it would help kill off anything that creature had left on me. I hoped someone found some burn cream somewhere; it would be nice to have something that soothed the fierce sting of my tortured skin.

I shoved the rest into my bag and took a deep breath as I zipped it closed. Everything seemed to be going too fast, too rapidly. I felt as if I hadn't had a chance to just stop and think since we had set out on this mission. But then, what was I going to think about? My father, my mother, Cade, the lost children? Abby and Aiden? Was I going to drive myself crazy with worry about them?

It was better not to think, but it was also exhausting. There were so many suppressed emotions roiling around within me that I could barely breathe sometimes. There was so much pain and loss lingering within me that there were times I wasn't sure I could go on. And in this moment, at this time, I was trapped within that feeling.

It hit me out of nowhere, the weight of my grief rolled up to bury me within its cloak of oppression and pain. Though I tried to stop it, the sudden longing for Cade surged up out of nowhere. It rose up like a tsunami, towering above me for a moment before crashing down and burying me within its crushing depths. Pain choked my lungs and throat as surely as ocean water would have choked me. My hands fisted tight, I inhaled a shaky breath as I struggled to reign in the crushing agony trying to consume me.

"Shit," I hissed through clenched teeth.

"Bethany?"

I shook my head, shrinking away from Bret's hand as it landed on my shoulder. I could feel the hurt that the sting of my rejection inflicted upon him, but I was so buried beneath the swirling misery of my own pain that I couldn't acknowledge, or ease, his. I inhaled sharply, slowly reigning in the surge of emotions that had threatened to disintegrate me. It took me a few more moments, but I was finally able to regain enough control to open my eyes.

"Are you ok?"

"I'm fine." I didn't look at Bret, I simply couldn't right now. It was too hard, it was all so hard, but there was always hope I forcefully reminded myself. There would always be hope for mankind, and we were a big factor in helping to aide in that hope. I had to keep it together, I could lose it later; I could grieve when we returned to everyone because that was what I needed. I had been trying so hard, struggling so much to keep in control that I had not allowed myself to grieve for all of my losses. And I had to grieve if I was ever going to regain some control of myself, if I was ever going to truly begin to move on.

As much as everything inside of me revolted against losing control, I knew that it was slowly starting to happen. I just had to keep it together until this mission was over, and then I would find a nice secluded spot and cry until I couldn't cry anymore. After that I would cry some more and maybe, just maybe, I wouldn't feel so dead inside.

Though I knew there was no way that I would ever feel fully alive again.

I inhaled sharply and straightened my shoulders. We had to get moving, I wanted out of this damn place as soon as possible. I slipped my pack onto my back, easing it gently over my wounded shoulder. "Looks like a bunch of damn vultures came through here," Lloyd muttered.

"Survival of the fittest." They couldn't hide their relief as they focused their attention on me. Apparently the precipice I had been teetering upon had been clearly visible to them, judging by the looks on their faces my control had been closer to snapping than I'd realized. "We should go."

I avoided Bret's hand as he reached for me, dodging him swiftly as I made my way to the ruined door. Lloyd stopped me before I could duck back under the twisted frame. "Are you going to be ok?" he inquired so quietly that even I could barely hear him.

"I'll be fine."

His eyes were bloodshot, there were shadows under them, but he was far more alert than his bedraggled countenance suggested. "This is not the time to fall apart."

I shot him a hard look, angered by his words, but angrier at myself for allowing them to catch even a brief glimpse of my weakness. "I'm fine."

I slipped out of the doorway, wanting to escape more than anything at the moment. I kept my gun by my side as I moved. "Slow down," Lloyd hissed behind me.

I didn't want to slow down, I wanted to run, wanted to bolt down the halls in search of something, anything other than this unending quiet and lingering agony. I slipped around a corner, freezing instantly as a strange noise reached my ears. It wasn't buzzing this time, not flies, but a soft ding that rang out every ten seconds or so.

"What is that?" Jenna asked quietly.

"The elevator." Lloyd pushed past me, keeping low as he swept down the hall before poking his head around the corner. He tried to shove me back again, but it was too late I had already seen what was causing the elevator to repeatedly open and close. My hand flew to my mouth; vomit surged up my throat as I took a stumbling step back. I could feel the blood draining from my face, for a moment I thought I was going to pass out.

"Just a boy," I breathed trying to shake the image of the mangled body from my mind. He was so broken, so twisted and mauled. Hardly recognizable as a human except for his small Nike sneakers, his close cropped flaxen hair and the bloodied stuffed bear by his side. "Why would they do that?"

Lloyd grasped hold of my shoulders as he pushed me back. "Monsters."

"He wasn't one of the frozen ones," I realized.

"No."

I shuddered in revulsion; I was trying hard not to throw up. Jenna had retreated, her eyes were haunted, lost, and she hadn't even seen the broken body of the child. "We need to get out of here."

Lloyd's eyes were hard. "Yes." He pushed me back further, nudging me toward another long hallway. "Find some stairs."

CHAPTER 9

I tucked the bulky microscope under my arm. It was heavier than I would have liked and would soon become tiresome, but I had finally found my prize and I wasn't ready to relinquish it. Not yet anyway. We had come so far, struggled so much, all for this, and a few other supplies. It seemed so insignificant as I adjusted it under my arm, but it could be mankind's salvation. Bret and Jenna were busy scooping up vials, petri dishes, and microscope slides. Lloyd's hand was resting on the hematology analyzer.

"This thing's going to be a pain in the ass to carry," he mumbled as he studied it from all angles.

"We need it," Bret responded.

I glanced at all of the equipment, there was so much of it, and so few of us. Bishop had explicitly requested the microscope, analyzer, and other supplies but I wanted to take everything. I was afraid that if we left even one thing behind, it would turn out to be the one thing we needed most. And there was no way in hell that I was ever coming back to this place again.

I considered getting rid of the cereal in my bag to make more room for supplies, but quickly discarded the notion. There was no telling when we would find food again. We would have to make due with what room we had. Lloyd awkwardly lifted the smallest analyzer in the room; he looked completely annoyed by the bulky piece of equipment as he pushed it into his large pack. It didn't fit well, and he wasn't able to completely zip it closed, but it was still better than having his hands occupied with carrying the thing.

We spent another ten minutes grabbing and packing away as much as we could. I knew we were leaving something behind, but there was only so much we could take, and only so long we could stay within these haunted walls. I hated this place.

We made our way slowly back out of the building, far more subdued than we had been upon entering. Far less optimistic, even though we had nearly succeeded in our mission. Lloyd radioed Darnell; they arranged a meeting place in four days. I thought I should feel more joy over being reunited with my brother and sister, I found none. In my mind I could still hear the distant ding of the elevator opening and closing on the ruined body of the small boy.

The rancid smell of that place clung to me. The blessed sting of a hot shower would feel wonderful right now, but that was a pipe dream, and one that I didn't expect to have come true anytime soon. I settled against a small maple, drawing my knees up to my chest as I rested my chin on top of them. I had volunteered to take the first watch; I'd spent most of the day unconscious after all.

It wasn't long before Bret's soft snores started to fill the air. I sat for awhile, trying not to think, yet unable to shut my mind off. My mind wouldn't stop running, tripping, screaming along at full speed. Unable to sit still any longer I bolted to my feet. Barney opened one eye to watch me for a moment before yawning and drifting off to sleep again.

I paced anxiously through the woods, moving in a small circle through the trees. I felt like a caged tiger, antsy, trapped, cornered in a place that I didn't want to be. I was beaten, battle weary, every part of my body ached. I wanted it all to end, but there seemed to be no end in sight.

I fought against the depression and hopelessness threatening to bury me within their rolling grasps, but for a moment the futility of the whole situation overwhelmed me. Even if Bishop could find some miracle cure within my blood, how did we defeat them? They knew all of our weaknesses and we knew none of theirs. Their creatures could be killed with bullets, but it took a lot to take one of them down, and it was nearly impossible to take down two or three of them at a time without losing people in the process.

I supposed bombs or dynamite would be better, and one of the soldiers might know how to use them, but how did we get a hold of explosives? And even if we did get them, they would help with the creatures, but the aliens wouldn't leave their ships. Or at least I didn't think they had left them since this whole debacle had started. They probably wouldn't until they felt it was safer for them to come down here. They were human in appearance, though they didn't have human compassion or even an ounce of sympathy, it would be easier for our bullets to take them down and they were aware of that fact.

No, they would not come down here. They would leave their dirty work to the damn things stalking and destroying us and taking from us. Was this it then? Was this all that we would ever have until they discovered us? Until they killed us?

The body of the mangled boy flashed through my mind. What they had done to him had been brutal, violent, and spiteful. They had made him pay for surviving The Freezing. They would make us pay even worse for fighting them. What had they done to Cade?

My head bowed beneath the weight of my thoughts. I couldn't think about what they had done to him, couldn't think about how awful his last moments must have been. I would snap if I did, I would lose my mind, my sanity, if I allowed myself to think about it him suffering for too long. I would shatter into a thousand different pieces, none of them fixable if I did.

"Bethany?" I turned slightly toward Bret, not fully able to meet his gaze. I was afraid he would see too much of my thoughts if I looked at him. And I didn't want him to know just how desolate I felt right now. "Are you ok?"

I managed a small nod. I wanted to offer him a small smile, but I couldn't bring myself to do even that. He rested his hand on my shoulder as he came to stand beside me. I thought I should move away from his touch, but it felt good to have the comfort of another human being. There weren't many of us left. "I miss Abby and Aiden."

Bret was silent for a long moment and then his hand tightened upon my shoulder. "And him."

I closed my eyes for a long moment before turning slowly back to him. Bret had always possessed a youthful air of optimism and innocence that was both endearing and captivating. In this moment he appeared far wearier, far more battle worn than I had ever expected to see him. He had aged so much in the past month. He was not the young boy who had been my boyfriend, not even the young man that had been my friend. It wasn't just the dark circles under his eyes, but also the dark light that now haunted them. I wondered what I appeared like to him now, how haunted, beaten, and aged I must seem too.

"Yes, and him," I breathed, the pain in my chest making it difficult to get the words out.

I winced, hating myself as something shifted and changed within Bret's eyes. Pain bloomed in his gaze, but there was something more, something else coming to life within his caring eyes. "I thought it was just a whim, just the heat of the moment, and the fear of death that brought the two of you together. But it was more, wasn't it?"

I was finding it hard to breathe. "Yes. I never meant to hurt you Bret. I never wanted to hurt you. I love you."

"I know that. But not in the same way that you love him."

I didn't want to respond to that, there wasn't anything that I could say to make any of this better. We had all been hurt, all been wounded, I didn't want the pain to continue, but it had only been a matter of time before we had this conversation, and it was passed time to get it over with. "No, it's not."

"You're not in love with me."

"No, I'm not."

"You never were."

"I'm sorry Bret. You deserve better, you deserve someone who can give you what you need. And I can't. That part of me is gone."

He was silent for a long moment. "It doesn't have to be."

He pushed back a strand of my hair as it fell across my face. His fingers lingered on my cheek for a long moment. "Bret..."

"I'm not saying for me Bethany," he assured me quickly. "I get that it's not going to be us, I understand that now. Maybe one day you'll be able to find someone that may not take his place, but that you might love again."

I couldn't stop the single tear that slipped free. His words were reasonable, they made sense, but I knew they were wrong. I could live another fifty years (the way things were going it was unlikely), but in those fifty years there would never be someone to take Cade's place. I didn't have a heart left to give to someone else.

"I am sorry Bret. I do love you."

He smiled wanly and stroked my cheek one last time before letting me go. "I know you do, and though I'm working on changing my view of our relationship, I will always love you too."

I smiled as I wrapped my arms around his waist and hugged him tightly. He held me close for a long moment before releasing me. "I'm sorry you're hurting so badly."

"I'm sorry I hurt you." He ran a hand through his ruffled blond locks, trying to hide his chagrin at my words. "Jenna is actually a really nice person. She's different than the way she used to be."

Bret shrugged absently, his eyes were distant. "She's handling all this better than I'd thought she would." He was still obtuse to Jenna's feelings for him but I thought with some gentle nudging, and a little time, he would eventually come around. "We should wake the others; the sun's going to be up soon."

I watched him as he walked back toward Jenna and Lloyd. I felt a little better, a little lighter as some of my burden was lifted from my shoulders. There were many others to carry still, but I was certain that we could all get through them together.

***

"Bethany!" Abby squealed as she raced at me. She flung herself against me with enough force to knock me back a good foot. Her small arms wrapped around my waist as she clung to me, clinging with the tenacity of a burr.

I inhaled a pain filled breath. Before entering the new camp I had slipped Bret's shirt on. It chafed and irritated as it rubbed against my barely healed burn, but I did not want Abby to see the wound. She would only become frightened, and I sure as hell didn't want her to know how it had come about. Unfortunately though, she couldn't see that I was wounded, and took no care as she shook me. Hissing a pain filled breath from between my teeth, I managed to hug her back. I reveled in the feel of her small body against mine. Shifting slightly, I was able to ease some of the pressure she was putting on my wounded shoulder. "I'm so glad you're back!"

"Me too."

"We were so worried! You were gone for so long!"

"I know, but we're ok."

"You didn't find any survivors?"

I shook my head, trying not to think about the things we had found. "No, but Jenna's family is still alive, or at least they were."

"How do you know that?"

I untangled myself from her, but kept my good arm draped around her shoulder as we made our way toward the dilapidated barn the survivors had taken up residence in yesterday. There was a small farmhouse beside it, and that was where Abby was steering me. "I'll explain later."

She wasn't too upset about my delay in telling her anything. "You'll love this place Bethy, it has hot water."

My heart leapt eagerly into my throat. "It does?"

"Yep, it's great!"

It was more than great; it was the best thing I'd heard in days. "Yes it is," I agreed as she led me up the porch steps.

Aiden came bursting out the door as we reached the porch. Relief filled his face as he embraced me tightly also unaware of my injury. I tried to twist in his grasp but he held me tight as he lifted me slightly off the ground. I'd have to make sure he didn't do it again, but I couldn't tell him that in front of Abby. "You had us worried for awhile there."

I smiled at him as I finally managed to break free of his grasp and removed the bag gingerly from my back. "We brought you some presents."

His grin widened as he took the heavy bag from me. "I like presents."

"I know you do."

I followed him into the house, nodding greetings to some of the people that I recognized. It seemed as if the group had thinned down even more. I was sure I'd hear the reason for why, but I wasn't ready for it now. Now I simply wanted to enjoy being with my family again, and a wonderfully hot, long shower. Molly grinned at me and waved energetically with a ball of dough clutched in her hand. I waved back as we moved past the kitchen and down the hall. The house had an old feel to it but it was in exceptional condition with fresh paint, and bright sunny rooms that had a homey quality that helped me to relax. For a moment I could almost feel safe again.

Aiden led us onto the back porch that was enclosed with giant panels of glass. The sun glinted off the glass and lit the dancing field of grass and wildflowers that rolled through the backyard. I took a moment to stop and admiring the soft beauty before me. It may not be the world I had always known anymore, but its beauty could still rob me of my breath. It could still awe me completely.

My eyes were drawn from the field as Aiden stepped past me into the room. Furniture had been shoved to the side and tables placed about. It seemed that Bishop had not expected us to fail in our mission and was well prepared for us. Bishop looked up at us, breaking into a bright grin as he shoved his glasses further up his nose. "It's good to see you."

"You too." My eyes were drawn back to the windows though. "Beautiful."

"It is," Bishop agreed but he was already going through the bags that had been placed on one of the tables. "You guys did great. Was it difficult?"

I didn't feel like answering that question and apparently neither did Jenna, Bret, or Lloyd as they all remained silent. Bishop wasn't overly concerned about an answer either as he was now eagerly pawing through Lloyd's bag. There was so much to discuss, so much to learn and do, but all I really wanted was a hot shower and maybe even a real bed if one was available. We could talk about everything later, but for right now I just wanted the simple comforts of home. I didn't think it was too much to ask for.

CHAPTER 10

It was the first time in a long time that I was not completely filthy. I was clean; my hair was neatly brushed into a ponytail and back to its soft honey hue. My stomach rumbled slightly, but for some reason the thought of food made my stomach turn. I was worried that I might be getting sick, but I felt perfectly fine. I was still sore and slightly bone weary, but I didn't feel ill. My appetite would come back soon; it was just buried beneath my lingering anxiety, fear, and disquiet. I had tried to take a nap, but even though the mattress was soft and the pillows inviting, sleep eluded me. I sometimes wondered if I would ever sleep normally again.

I studied my reflection in the mirror, unsure of the person staring back at me. She looked harder, older, and wiser than her seventeen years. My seventeen years. My eyes, once a sparkling bright blue, were haunted. They didn't appear to be my eyes. Not anymore. These eyes belonged to a woman, one who had seen far too much, and experienced far more than she had wanted to in her lifetime.

My lifetime.

I had to keep reminding myself that though I did not recognize her, the woman staring back at me was actually me. I gently touched the corners of my eyes, understanding that it was my fingers touching them, but still oddly disassociated with my reflection. Gone was the young girl of only a month ago.

This woman was harder, with more pronounced cheekbones and lean muscles honed by lack of food, exercise, and training. I wanted to weep at the sight of me, but there were no tears. Not anymore. I pulled the sleeve of my shirt down, frowning at the sight of the wound marring my shoulder. It was healing well, and so far I didn't feel anything crawling beneath my skin trying to take me over. It would just be another scar to match the scars that still marred my hip and thigh from when that thing on the beach had grabbed me. Scars I would always bare to remind me of Cade's death, of his sacrifice for me, and of my hatred for our enemies. It could have been much worse, I reminded myself, but it did little to ease the sorrow swarming within me.

So many changes, so fast. So much lost. So much that could never be regained.

I rested my hand on the glass, pressing my palm flat against its cool surface. I didn't recognize the person staring back at me; I didn't recognize the person living within my skin. Harder, that was the only word I could think of. Just harder. That's what she was. What I was.

I knew that I had to be harder to survive, we all did, but this hard? This cold? Abby still exuded innocence, Aiden still managed to smile with ease, Bishop was still excited by the prospect of learning, and even Bret retained some of his eternal optimism. And me, well I had nothing left of the girl I had once been. I was empty, out of sorts, callous. I retained love for my family and friends, but I wasn't so sure I even liked myself anymore.

How could anyone like me anymore?

I sighed, my shoulders collapsed beneath the weight of my thoughts. I pushed back a lock of my hair. I needed to get out of here, needed to escape if only for an hour or two. I needed to be alone. Though I knew it was impossible, what I truly wanted was to escape myself, to flee from the stranger staring back at me. To shed her like a snake sheds skin.

I pulled my sleeve back up, covering the wound as I thought over the layout of the house. It was funny, the world's population had been drastically reduced, yet I never had a chance to be alone for long anymore. There was little privacy in this world, and only one chance to escape.

I slipped two pistols into my waistband. Unfortunately, my rifle had been left downstairs. There was no way that I could retrieve it without being seen, and stopped. Shoving the window open I peered down at the ground. It was the second story, but if I hung out the window it wouldn't be that far of a drop to the long grass below. A month ago I never would have contemplated such an action, I would have most certainly broken my ankles, now I had no fear that such a thing would happen, I was agile enough to pull this off.

I wiggled out the window, grasping the sill with both my hands before releasing it and dropping to the earth. I rolled upon landing, softening the impact. Swiftly regaining my feet, I quickly scanned the area and bolted for the woods. I took pleasure in the act of running, took pleasure in the freedom of the moment. Something inside of me seemed to spring forth, twisting and growing as I plunged into the forest.

Joy filtered through me as I ran, jumping and darting, avoiding obstacles with a grace that I had never possessed until this moment. I didn't stop to think about that, didn't pause to wonder how on earth I hadn't managed to kill myself yet in this heedless dash. I just ran until I couldn't breathe, until my legs hurt so bad I could hardly take it, and then I ran some more.

I was free.

And I wasn't going to stop, not now. If it had been physically possible I never would have stopped. But I couldn't run forever, something that my body was firmly reminding me of now. I fell, tried to climb back to my feet, but the exhaustion of my muscles finally outweighed my intense desire for flight. I fell back to the ground, my fingers dug into the leaves and pine needles beneath me as I panted rapidly. For a moment, as I lay there, inhaling the musty scent of decaying leaves and wet earth, I found peace. I found comfort in my world, my Earth.

I let it wash over me; let it soothe me as it settled into my bones, into my cells, into my very soul. In this moment of utter aloneness and freedom, I finally found the tranquility I had been so desperately seeking. It did not heal my broken heart, but it helped to salvage the pain of my savaged spirit. It was like putting aloe on sunburn, it helped to ease the sting of the pain, but the burn was still present beneath the cool balm. But it felt better, in that moment I felt better.

I breathed deeply, closing my eyes as my fingers curled into the soft ground beneath me. It was wondrous this world of different sights and smells and freedom. That was why the aliens had come to take it from us. They understood the wonder of the world that we had forgotten. They wanted what was ours, our planet, our blood; our lives. They wanted it, and they were slowly and surely wresting it from us. There had to be a way to stop them.

But that wasn't what I wanted to think about, not here, not now. Now I simply wanted to lie upon the ground and forget about everything except for the magical world surrounding me. Wanted to forget about everything except for the calm stealing through my soul.

The forest came slowly to life around me. Creatures began to move through the woods, creeping out of their holes and dens as they searched for food. I remained unmoving for a long time, inhaling the scents, listening to the sounds, and taking solace in the healing ointment that the world had to offer. So many scents, so many sounds. Far more than I had ever noticed before, but then I had never taken the time to just enjoy the world I had been blessed with. To simply listen, and see, the beauty it had to offer. I took the time to do so now.

I knew I had to return eventually, knew I had to go back to everyone, but I didn't want to. Not yet anyway.

For now I wanted to be alone. For now I wanted this quiet, this solitude.

I had placed myself in danger by coming out here by myself. There was safety in numbers, alone I was far more vulnerable, but I couldn't bring myself to care about that right now. I didn't want to die, didn't want to get hurt again, that wasn't what being here was about. This was about just being alive, about discovering joy where there had been none. This was about trying to find the girl that had been buried by the woman with the oddly cold eyes, and strange face.

Even if I couldn't get her back completely, I wanted just a small piece of that girl again. I just wasn't sure I would ever be able to find even that small piece of her again. I couldn't have my home back, couldn't have my mom back. I couldn't have Cade back. But this, this I could have. I flipped onto my back, still breathing heavily as I stared at the spatter of stars sparkling through the thick canopy of trees.

I lay there for a long time, breathing in the scents, the sounds, the night. If something came now I would be vulnerable, defenseless if I couldn't get to my guns in time. But I didn't care. It didn't hurt so much here, I was able to breathe a little easier. Here, there was a small sliver of serenity that I wasn't ready to relinquish.

And somewhere in the forest I finally found a dreamless sleep.

***

"Have you discovered anything?"

Bishop lifted his head from the microscope. He appeared confused by my sudden appearance as he blinked rapidly at me. "I uh, I'm not sure."

I frowned at him as I stepped down onto the porch. "What do you mean you're not sure?"

He shook his head, shoving his glasses up as he took a step away from the microscope. "Maybe it's because the blood is old."

"I don't understand; you need a fresh sample?"

"Yes, yes that must be it. A fresh sample will solve everything."

"Solve everything?"

I was completely confused by what he was saying, but he didn't seem to notice as he wandered around in search of something. He was speaking so low that it took me a moment to realize that he was talking to himself. His mutters made me frown and a spike of fear tore through me. What the hell was wrong with him? What was wrong with the blood? What was wrong with me?

"Bishop?"

He lifted a syringe into the air, the sharp needle at the end gleamed eerily in the light. His eyebrows were drawn tightly together as he looked over the needle to me. "It's nothing to worry about Bethy, I'm sure the samples were just contaminated somehow. They have been moved around a lot, and I haven't been able to keep them stored as properly as I would have liked. I'm sure that's the reason for the abnormalities."

I frowned fiercely at him, not liking his choice of words at all. "Abnormalities?" I croaked.

"It's nothing a new sample won't clear right up."

"Bishop what the hell are you talking about?" I demanded.

His attention had already been diverted back to his machines; he seemed to have simply forgotten the syringe in his hand. A cold chill crept down my spine, the hair on the nape of my neck stood on end. I had been so detached lately, so cold, and unfeeling. What if there was something wrong with me? Was it somehow because of the wound I had received on the beach, on some strange germ the thing had given me perhaps? I had been deadened since Cade had died; I had blamed my detachment on his loss, but was there something wrong with me?

My heart pounded rapidly in my chest, my hands were shaking as I shoved them into the pockets of my jeans. I had to fight the urge to turn and flee, to bolt into the woods and bury myself in the solace that they offered. Not now, not during the day I told myself fiercely. But tonight I could run and run, and then maybe I could sleep for a little while again. It had been amazing to sleep the sleep of the dead for the past five nights. There had been no dreams, no nightmares to plague me within the woods.

Maybe it was the running that did it. Maybe I was just so exhausted by the time I collapsed that it was nearly impossible for me to dream. I didn't think it was that though, I thought it was the simple pleasure of being able to do something freeing, something wild. Something that the girl I had once been would have been too afraid to do, and the strange woman I had become would never enjoy. And yet not only did I do it, I also relished in it.

And in that simple realization I found myself slowly becoming someone new. Becoming someone that was not driven by fear as the girl had been, and someone that was not driven by anger and hurt as the strange woman had been. The person that was emerging was new, uncertain to me, but I found I was beginning to like her. And I had not liked myself in a very long time. She was a combination of the girl and the hardened woman. She had some of the same strengths, and some of the same weaknesses, but she had learned and she was wiser. I was wiser.

I was developing new ways to handle things, finding new things to enjoy and take pleasure in, and new ways to take care of myself. The ice encasing me was melting; I was beginning to understand that loss was not an excuse to hide from people, and love. Not an excuse to withdraw from the world. Grief was something to endure, it was something to grow and learn from, and I was starting to realize this.

Those hours in the woods had soothed some of the ragged edges of my frayed soul and had finally allowed me to come back to life, even if only a little. But slowly, day by day, that little was beginning to grow.

But now I could feel the panic tearing at me again, shredding my insides, trying to climb out of me as Bishop placed the syringe between his teeth and hit a few keys on the computer he had set up. There was no internet, the aliens had banned it and dismantled it months before they had unleashed their unholy attack, but Bishop kept all of his notes on his laptop. I watched Bishop as he frowned, shook his head, and pulled the syringe from between his lips. He seemed to have completely forgotten that I was even here, or what the syringe was for. I understood this strange quirk about Bishop, understood people who lived mainly within their own worlds. Aiden lived within the walls of science and math; my father had also been a dreamer who had spent many hours locked away writing.

But Bishop was driving me nuts right now, and at this moment I had no patience for it.

"Bishop." He continued to ignore me as his fingers flew over the keyboard. "Larry. Doctor Bishop!" He finally glanced up at me, surprise filtering slowly over his features. I shook my head in annoyance. "What is wrong with my blood?" I demanded.

"Oh yes, yes, your blood. We need a fresh sample Bethany."

I exhaled angrily as I folded my arms over chest. "I'm on antibiotics, remember?"

"Oh yes, yes." Disappointment flitted over his features, he dropped the syringe down. "We'll wait until you are off the medicine." He had already informed me of this fact two days ago, but he seemed to have forgotten. "How is your shoulder? Let me take a look."

I sat on the edge of the table as he examined my wound closely. His fingers were gentle as he prodded me, but I couldn't stop myself from wincing as they touched against the tender flesh of the burn. "It's healing exceptionally well considering the amount of damage, and the means taken to close it. It's a good thing you were so close to the hospital as you're showing no signs of infection."

I caught a brief glimpse of a horse head and two front hooves before he tugged my shirt back into place. As the swelling, blistering and redness had gone down the rearing horse burned into my shoulder had become more obvious. At least it was a horse and not a camel after all, I thought wryly. I shifted on the table I was sitting on, my hands wrapped around the edge of it as I leaned forward.

"Yes, I was lucky. So what is wrong with the samples?"

He glanced back at me, shoving his horn rimmed glasses further up his nose. "I told you it's just contaminated, we'll get it all cleared up in a few days."

I knew he was impatient to get fresh samples from me, and now so was I. "What are you seeing in the samples you do have?"

"Cell degeneration." I froze; my legs stopped swinging back and forth as I gazed at him in shock. "Abnormalities."

"Excuse me?" I squeaked.

He seemed to truly see me for the first time, seemed to finally focus on my fear and uncertainty. "It's nothing to worry about Bethany. I'd let you know if there was. The degeneration is simply because the samples are old and were improperly stored. They were more than likely contaminated."

"Contaminated?"

"Hmm." He was back at his computer, his head bowed as he read something on the screen. "Due to lack of room we stored the alien, and your blood, in the same fridge at the warehouse. There must have been cross contamination."

I continued to stare at him in wide eyed horror, angered by the fact that he seemed to be taking this so lightly when I was a tumultuous mass of raw nerve endings and terror. There had been so many changes going on within me lately, so many things that I didn't understand. Could these abnormalities in the samples be the reason why? Had that thing that grabbed me on the beach somehow done something to me?

"What if it's not cross contamination!?" I nearly shrieked.

He looked up in surprise at my harsh tone. My terror must have been evident as he forgot about his computer to walk back toward me. "I'm sorry Bethy I'm not explaining myself well at all."

"No, you're not," I agreed.

"The blood samples I took from you were ruined when the alien was stored with them. Your cells are showing a mutation."

My throat was completely dry, my heart lumbered painfully in my chest. That cold chill was back, it crept down my spine leaving a layer of sweat behind. Bishop's eyes grew distant once again as his eyebrows drew tightly together. I hated the fact that he seemed completely baffled by whatever he had discovered in my cells. "A mutation that resembles the cells of that thing we killed?" I croaked.

"No not like that, it's different." Oh my God, oh my God, oh my God! My mind screamed over and over. I was trying not to shake, trying to remain calm, but it was taking every ounce of strength I had to do so. "The alien cells must have mixed with your blood and changed it somehow while they were in the fridge, that's the only thing that makes sense."

"But you believe there's something different about me? That my cells are different?"

My voice was barely more than a whisper. "No Bethany I don't believe that. They couldn't be anywhere near as different as what I'm seeing. There are still many human characteristics visible, but the differences are too much, and too startling. Your DNA would have been changed at a genetic level; it would have rendered you something that was neither human, nor that creature. We would have noticed the differences; it's simply not possible that we wouldn't. That you didn't."

Of course it wasn't possible; of course I was completely human. My mother and father were entirely human; Aiden and Abby were entirely human. Yet I couldn't shake the feeling that there was something off; that I wasn't entirely like him, like them. Not anymore anyway. I had noticed differences, not many, and I could explain all of them away by our strange new world and new existence. Well my new eating habits were a bit strange, but even that could be explained away. I had eaten little red meat before all of this had started, but lately it seemed to be all I wanted. And I liked it rare, or at least a lot rarer than I had ever liked it before. I shuddered at the thought of the still bleeding meat, but even as disgust rolled through me, my stomach rumbled in hungry expectation. However, even that could be explained away by anemia or some other vitamin that my body was lacking due to my increased exercise and lack of a consistent, and well balanced, food supply.

My better night vision was due to my increased night activity, my hearing seemed better but I attributed that to the fact that I used the sense more now in order to survive. I was more graceful and faster because I had to be, because I had been honed into more of an athlete and had been trained to fight and move more quietly through the world. I was more aware of my body now than I ever had been, that was the only reason I noticed all of these differences in me. Even as I thought it though, I had the niggling doubt that I was wrong, that I was lying to myself.

"You haven't noticed anything have you Bethany?"

His gaze was keen, sharper than I like. I swallowed heavily as I shook my head. "No, nothing," I lied though he didn't know that. "Aiden and Abby are normal?" I managed to choke out wondering if perhaps their blood was abnormal too.

"Their blood's normal, I checked it to see if maybe there was some strange genetic flaw in the three of you."

"Am I..." I broke off as I nearly choked on the words. "Am I somehow one of those things? When that thing grabbed me on the beach, did it somehow do something to me that changed me?"

Bishop chuckled softly as he shook his head. "Not at all, that thing did not change you I assure you. There are others here, Darnell and Lisa Blake have been grabbed by those things and lived to tell the tale. Their blood is still perfectly fine, I made sure of it. I'm telling you it was just cross contamination Bethany."

Though he said the words, I could tell that even he wasn't completely convinced of them. He was troubled, that much was clear, but he was trying to hide it from me. We both knew that my blood had never been like anyone here to begin with. My stomach rolled over, I was going to be sick. But not in front of Bishop. I didn't want him to know that there were a few doubts of my own rolling rapidly through my head. But they made no sense, they couldn't.

I had to be like everyone else. Abby and Aiden were, my parents had been, and just what the hell else could I be? If that thing hadn't changed the others, why would it change me? I had been hit twice by one of them, but these blood samples were from before that thing had gotten a hold of me in Plymouth. There had been no fresh blood samples taken since then. There was no answer to any of my questions; Bishop had to be right about it just being cross contamination.

Then why the hell was I suddenly terrified of giving Bishop a fresh sample of my blood?

Something primal and instinctual was clamoring against my insides. I studied Bishop intently, but couldn't come up with any reason not to give him blood when I had given it so freely before. The antibiotics were keeping me safe, for now, but what would happen when I came off of them? What would happen if he took a fresh sample and discovered that there was something wrong with me?

Bishop touched my arm gently, looking to soothe me, but I found no comfort in his kind gesture. My hand trembled as I squeezed his hand for a brief moment. I couldn't shake the nausea that twisted within my belly as I watched him walk away. I tried to convince myself that Bishop was right, that cross contamination was the culprit, but it wouldn't sink in. There was something else, something savage clamoring inside of me, and begging to be heard.

I couldn't help but feel that it was the voice of truth.

CHAPTER 11

I ran that night. I ran like I had never run before. I ran like the hounds of hell were on my heels. Ran like I could escape the clamoring terror thumping through my veins and pounding in my blood. If it was my blood anymore. I was afraid that this strange entity was inside me now, that it had somehow gotten inside and pumped and pulsed rapidly through my veins. My blood, this thing that I couldn't escape from, this thing that was the very life of me, also felt like my enemy now.

It was inside of me, pushing me faster, driving me onward as it tore at my insides.

I wanted to shout my horror and terror to the world. Wanted to fall to my knees and scream until I couldn't scream anymore. But that would only bring them, and if they came, they would kill me. If they came they would split me open, like they had that boy in the hospital, and poke around inside me to see if they could find what made me different too. I wondered if they would finally be able to discover what Bishop was so desperately seeking.

I stumbled, fell, but scrambled swiftly back to my feet. My knees ached from the impact, but I kept going, leaping and dodging and zigzagging around the obstacles in my way. My labored breathing was harsh in my ears, I fell again as exhaustion claimed my legs. I attempted to scramble back to my feet, but slipped in the lose leaves and plummeted back to the ground. I lay there, gasping, trying hard not to cry as my fingers dug into the earth.

What was wrong with me?

I didn't mean what was wrong with my blood, but simply what was wrong with me. Why couldn't I be like the others? Why couldn't I put on a smile and at least attempt to fake happiness? Was it because there really was something wrong with me? Wrong with my blood?

I shoved myself off the ground, refusing to lay there and be miserable. Refusing to be weak and broken anymore. The woods were my place, this was my time. I would not allow it to be ruined, not now, not ever. There was nothing wrong with me. I had to believe that. There was nothing wrong with me other than a broken heart, wounded spirit, and a body depleted of the essentials it needed. I saw better at night now because I was a part of the night now in a way that I never had been before. I could hear better now because I had learned to listen better, because it was a sense I needed for survival and I had honed it. I was stronger and faster because I had been training, I had lost weight and gained muscle, and I had been fighting.

I sat panting, my lungs burned, my legs ached from the run, but it felt good. I felt alive. I wasn't trying to run from myself, wasn't trying to escape something inside of me, I was simply seeking some kind of freedom from a world that terrified me now.

And these moments were the only moments of freedom and solace I had.

I ached for Cade, longed for him fiercely. He wouldn't have the answers to the fears and questions that plagued me, but his presence had always been comforting, reassuring; strong. He'd always been so strong, so calm, so collected and cool even when I was breaking down and falling apart. He'd made me stronger. He wouldn't have the answers, but I knew he could ease the doubts, the fears, the crawling horror building within my belly. I closed my eyes and lay down. The ground was so cool, so blissfully cool against my heated flesh.

I could smell him; smell the wonderful scents of wood and earth and spices he'd exuded. I could almost feel him; almost touch the hardened muscles beneath his smooth, soft skin. Those eyes, so black and beautiful they had seemed as endless as the night sky, seemed to stretch into an infinity of love and understanding. A tear slid down my cheek, I did not try to stop it. Aching loneliness spread through my chest, I did not try to push it away, did not try to rebury it. It felt good to grieve, I needed to grieve. For the first time it actually felt good to think of Cade again. It brought agony with it, but it also brought a rush of joy so bittersweet that I almost laughed aloud with it.

My arms shook as I pushed myself up. I sat on the ground, my legs crossed before me as I finally caught my breath. I opened my ears to take in the sounds around me, but I was horrified to realize that the forest was quieter than normal. Rising to my knees, I caught the faint sounds of animals moving about, but they were far more remote and hesitant. The breath froze in my lungs as I slowly surveyed the woods, looking for the danger that must be lurking within the dense cluster of trees.

I frowned, uncertain and confused. I shoved myself up; my legs still trembled slightly from the exertion of my run, but they were strong enough to get me out of here if I needed it. My hands went to my waistband, instinctively pulling out one of the guns tucked there. Something seemed to shimmer as it moved on my right; I turned in that direction, leveling my pistol on the tree line. I waited breathlessly for a few moments but I didn't see anything more.

I frowned as I turned in a slow circle, searching for something lurking in the darkness. My sense's hummed as I strained to hear, or see, anything out of the ordinary. Though both of those senses failed to detect anything, I was certain there was something there, something haunting me, stalking me. I hated the fact that these creatures seemed to enjoy playing with their food before pouncing.

I swallowed heavily; my body was thrumming, fairly vibrating with tension and fear. I cursed my stupidity for having run this far. No one would even hear my gunshots out here. I was alone and I had no one to blame but myself, and my desperate need to feel something other than trapped and broken.

I spun to the left, my hands clenching on the pistol as the rustle of leaves rattled through the trees. There was no breeze tonight; the animals had gone to ground. My eyes narrowed, my hands began to sweat as I took up a shooters stance. I might be able to outrun one of them, might be able to lose them in the woods, but I wanted to know exactly what it was that I was going to be outrunning.

And then it shimmered from the trees, moving with an eerie grace that left me mesmerized at the same time that I felt everything inside of me curl up and die. My insides shriveled, my mouth became as arid as the Sahara. I felt as if someone had just walked over my grave. My entire being became as cold as ice, gooseflesh covered my entire body. If someone had pushed me, I either would have fallen over or shattered into a million ice shards.

My heart, the organ that had been beating so rapidly just moments before, seemed to have stopped. I felt as if the thing had shriveled to the size of a raisin. I could no longer feel the blood pulsing through my veins; no longer hear the beat of it in my ears. Every bit of my heart hurt, every beat of it was anguished and lumbering. There was a strange ringing in my ears; I could no longer make out any other noises.

The thing kept coming closer, but I couldn't do anything. I couldn't move as it emerged with eerie grace. It was so unfair, so awful. That they could take on human form had become painfully apparent, but that they could take on this human form was just heart wrenching. And that they even knew to take on this form was truly horrifying.

We had always known that they were intelligent, that they were far superior to us in many ways, but now it seemed that they could also read minds, or knew far more about us then we had ever thought possible. That they knew far more about me, and my mind, than I could have ever imagined possible. In that moment, if I had been able to move at all, I truly would have pissed myself, or curled up into a sniveling ball of snot and tears as my mind shattered completely. Was it because I had just been thinking of him? Did they somehow now have the power to conjure him because I had been thinking about him so vividly? His eyes, his smell, his skin. Had I somehow revealed to them the thing they had sent to kill me?

I remained immobile, half mesmerized and half revolted as the image of Cade came closer to me. It could be a dream I thought absently, I could have fallen asleep on the forest floor. I had done it before, and just because I hadn't dreamed of Cade for the past week didn't mean that it couldn't be happening now.

But I knew that it wasn't a dream. I was too cold, too broken, too wounded for this to be a dream. In a dream I would have run to him, I would have thrown my arms around him and kissed him senseless until the cruel reality of waking interrupted us. In a dream, I would have been elated.

Here, I was terrified, and on the verge of complete mental collapse. Here, I was going to go insane before that thing finally did me the favor of ending its torment.

Noise, normal noise, screeched back to my tormented ears as a hitching breath ripped from my chest. My hand began to tremble on the gun. It wavered before me. I knew that I should shoot, knew what this thing was going to do to me, but I couldn't move. I felt like a cobra under the snake charmer's spell, entranced by the creature coming at me. Charmed into allowing it to strike me, instead of offering up the defense that Darnell had tried so hard to instill in me.

Entranced by its striking similarity to the man I loved.

Its black hair fell across its forehead just as Cade's had. It framed the most handsome features I had ever seen in my life, features I had given up all hope of ever seeing again. Longing sprang forth in me, for a moment I ached to touch the creature. Ached to run my fingers over the hard cheekbones and beloved face. I wanted it so badly that I couldn't stand it. My whole body throbbed with the need consuming it. For a moment I really wanted to believe that it was him and I wondered if it would allow me to touch it, even if only for a brief moment, before it destroyed me.

My paralysis was falling apart as my hands began to shake so badly that I could barely hold the gun anymore. My lower lip was trembling fiercely; the sting of tears burned my eyes. It had his mouth, that beautiful full lower lip and hard upper one. It had his body, lean with hard muscles cording it. The dark shirt he wore clung to the sculpted abs that I knew lingered beneath the shirt, or at least they had with Cade. I wasn't sure if this thing would be that detailed, but it did have gleaming onyx eyes that seemed to penetrate straight to my very soul.

Oh God!

My mind was shattering, splintering. Tears spilled freely down my face, a sob tore from me. It continued to come swiftly forward with the eerie grace and confidence that Cade had exhibited. Beautiful, it was just as beautiful as Cade had been, and it was going to kill me.

My hands tightened upon the gun. I lifted it up, leveling it at the things chest. It seemed to hesitate for a moment, seemed doubtful, but then it kept coming relentlessly forward at an even brisker pace. I wanted to tell it to stop, wanted to tell it to go away, to leave me alone, but words could not escape my painfully constricted throat. My chest was twisted with agony. I was going to kill Cade.

It wasn't Cade! My mind screamed at me.

But now that it was only feet away from me, I could see it even more clearly. Oh its eyes, I thought longingly. They were dark as midnight when angered, or the most clear and pristine onyx that the world would ever create when loving. They were beautiful.

A strangled sob escaped me. I couldn't pull the trigger. I simply could not bring myself to put a bullet into that face, or to hurt him in anyway. Even if it wasn't him. I knew what that thing was, knew what it was going to do to me. I had seen it with Sarah; I had felt it in Plymouth. It was going to kill me, it was going to destroy me in the most agonizing way possible, and I couldn't bring myself do anything about it.

Weak, I cursed myself. But then Cade had always been my weakness, and somehow these things knew that, and they were going to destroy me with it. I imagined they were thoroughly enjoying my misery and I couldn't bring myself to care right now. If I put a bullet in Cade, even a Cade that wasn't, I would be destroyed anyway, I would not recover from it. No matter how much I had managed to put myself together over the past couple weeks, I would never be able to put myself together again after that.

All the king's horses and all the king's men, I thought hysterically. Couldn't put Bethany together again.

My head bowed, my shoulders shook, as the gun jerked in my hand. "No," I moaned.

I hated myself for this weakness. I should be strong, I should fight. I should take this thing down with me. I should destroy it for mocking me, for mocking Cade, and the bond that we had shared. I should want to put a bullet in its face and destroy it for its derisive cruelty. Instead, I could only weep like a baby as I watched my death stop before me.

I winced, bracing myself for the killing blow, bracing myself for the tentacle that would fly out of it, smash into me, and destroy me the way that it had destroyed Sarah. The way that it had torn into my arm, wrenched into my bones and muscles, and seared into my veins. It reached out and seized hold of my hand. I was surprised by the warmth that it radiated, or maybe it just felt that way because I was so unbelievably cold right now that even the deadened awfulness of this thing felt warm against my iced skin. I was surprised by the fact that it still was a hand and not some snapping thing that sought only to drain me of my blood, and my life.

"I am not one of those things." The voice it issued was hard, grating. It sounded parched.

My eyes flew up as it descended upon me, they could speak? Instead of destroying my face, and skull with a deadly tentacle, its mouth claimed hold of mine. I recoiled slightly, stunned as its hands seized hold of my face and throat. Why was this thing doing this to me? Why was it tormenting me so? Yes, I had fought against them, but I was of no real importance in the fight. I was simply a survivor.

Its thumbs stroked over my cheeks as its hands rested against the tender hollow of my throat. It was going to choke the life from me instead of draining it from me, I realized dimly and yet I felt no fear. I didn't think there was much fear left in me right now. I was too broken for that now.

Then its words sank in and something strange began to happen. Words actual words. Those things did not speak, they never had. But we were learning new things about them every day. And they were learning new things about us every day. Things that only aided in their attempt and desire to destroy us.

But my body was beginning to react to this thing in a way that it had only reacted to Cade. My mouth began to warm, and then my throat and face. Heat seeped slowly through my whole body. My chest expanded, air burst into my stricken lungs. My heart exploded with the blood that had seemed so restricted before. It pulsed violently through my veins again, rushing through my nerve endings as my body was set ablaze.

Every cell within me came to life; all of them seemed to be screaming forward, rushing to the place where my lips met the thing kissing me. The cells seemed to swell at the touch of this thing, seemed to refill with life as its hot lips moved over mine in a gentle caress that left me aching and trembling for more. The aliens could mimic us, but could they mimic these sensations, these emotions? I hadn't felt this right, this wonderful and whole in so long. I hadn't felt this since...

"Cade," I breathed against the mouth possessing mine.

And then he was pushing me back, bringing me down beneath him. I was stunned, confused adrift in the emotions and disbelief pulsating through me. It was Cade, but it couldn't be. He was dead. I had given up hope, I was grieving, and I had been trying to salvage the broken bits of me and slowly putting some of those broken bits back together again.

And now he was here. And none of it mattered anymore. The agony and pain were forgotten as his searing touch burned the lingering ache from every fiber of my being.

His hands were hard upon my throat. For a moment I thought that he might kill me in his desire to touch me, to be near me, to feel me again. And I found that I didn't care as he pressed me into the ground. His body was hot against mine, hard as he pressed closer. I had never felt something so unbelievably wonderful. His kiss became more ferocious, greedier with its need. His need.

I reacted to it, breaking free of the lingering chains of shock that confined me. My hands dug into his back. I was sobbing; I couldn't get enough of him as I grasped desperately at him. My mouth parted to the fiery invasion of his tongue. I arched beneath him, clinging tighter as his pelvis rocked against mine. His desperate need was overwhelming my senses, overwhelming my mind. The world was spinning rapidly; I was entrenched in the desire, relief, and love that filled me. There had never been anything as wonderful as his hands searing over me, touching me, grasping eagerly at me. Unable to get enough of me.

The depth of his hunger was shocking in its passion. It overwhelmed me. I had felt his longing for me before, his desire, but it had never been this extreme, never been this overpowering before. It was almost animalistic, almost savage. I thought I should fear the overwhelming intensity but I couldn't, not when he was touching me again, not when I was holding him, not when he was here with me.

Not when he was alive.

I didn't care what happened now, didn't care that this was spiraling far beyond my control. Far beyond his, even. That this was spinning into places I had never been before. Nothing mattered except for this moment, and the two of us.

His arm wrapped around my waist, lifting me sharply against his pelvis as he ground against me. I gasped as fire shot through me. The motion jarred my wounded shoulder, but I couldn't bring myself to care about that even. I certainly wasn't going to tell him to stop, he could do whatever he wanted just as long as he was still holding me, and remained alive. His mouth broke away from mine, his lips moved over my neck leaving a trail of flames across my skin. I was breathing rapidly, my chest heaving against him as my fingers dug tighter into his back. I had to cling to him; he was the only thing stable in this tumultuous sea of love, need, and growing desire.

I knew where this was heading and I yearned for it. I craved it like a thirsty man craves water, craved it like a prisoner craves freedom. He was my water, he was my freedom; he was the only one that could sate the needs of my body. Needs that I'd never known until him, needs that I'd forgotten since he'd been taken from me.

He pulled at my shirt, tugging the buttons eagerly open. I gasped as the cool air hit my overheated, over sensitized skin. I expected to feel the hard press of his lips again, but they did not come. I opened my eyes slowly, aching for him to come back to me, but he was unmoving as he kneeled above me. His hair was tussled from what had just passed between us; his expression hard as his swollen lips pinched tight.

At first I didn't understand what had happened, what was wrong, and then I realized that his dark eyes were locked upon my shoulder. I winced slightly, I wanted to cover the wound marring me, wanted to hide the ugliness from him. He was still perfect, or at least he appeared to be, and I was even more flawed and ugly than when he had last seen me. My body was marred by scars, burns, and brands of horses. I wanted to hide it, but I couldn't bring myself to release him. Not yet, possibly not ever again.

His eyes came slowly back to me, and though I hadn't thought it was possible, they appeared even darker. They were chips of black ice, brutal and cold, and filled with an anger I had never thought to see in him. Filled with a smoldering rage that caused my knees to shake slightly against his sides. The desire that had just been burning in his gaze was drenched beneath his growing fury.

"They did that to you?" he grated through clenched teeth.

I swallowed heavily. He seized hold of my hand, stopping me as I reached to pull my shirt over the healing blister. "I don't want you to see it!" I cried, feeling an irrational urge to cry as I tried to tug my hand and shirt free of his grasp. He was flawless, everything about him was perfect, and I was unbelievably flawed in so many ways. Now I had that awful wound, and rearing horse, to constantly remind me of that fact. He seemed confused by my outburst, but he gently released my hand and allowed me to cover it back up.

"What happened?" he asked quietly.

"I don't want to..." My voice broke off. I blinked back tears as I gazed at him. "I don't want to talk about bad things. Not right now. Not with you here. Oh God you're here. I'd thought you were dead!"

Tears burst free of me as I threw my arms around him. There was no desire between us this time; no lustful need as I clung to him, crying out the misery of the past month. Crying for the blessed joy of our reunion. There was no hunger in his hands as they ran over me, clinging to me, soothing me with love and wonder.

"My Bethany, my beautiful Bethany."

I sobbed harder, burying my face in his neck, grasping franticly at him. I was never going to let him go, never going to release him again. I was whole once more, I was truly alive, and he was here. He was here.

"I thought you were dead. I had given up hope of ever finding you again, ever seeing you again."

"I know." His hand wrapped around my head as his fingers threaded through my hair.

"I shouldn't have given up, I should have known. Maybe I could have found you sooner..."

"You never could have found me Bethany," he interrupted.

"Where were you? How did you get away?"

His lips were warm as they brushed against my temple, soft as they found my cheek. "I don't want to talk about bad things now either." I pulled slightly away from him, searching his charcoal eyes intently, looking for some sign that he was different. For some sign that they had damaged him in some irreparable way. There was no such sign in his gleaming gaze as he bent to kiss me gently. "Tomorrow we can discuss everything."

He wiped the tears from my cheeks as I continued to cry softly. Happiness engulfed me; love surged through me as he kissed my nose. "I love you too," I breathed. "I never got to tell you that. You were taken so fast. I thought you had died without ever knowing how I felt. But I love you Cade and I was broken without you. I could barely breathe..."

"Hush, stop, I know. I knew you loved me Bethy, I've always known. I've been so worried about you, so lost without you also. You're not the only one who was broken, not the only one who feared the other was dead. I know what you went through, I went through it myself. But I've found you now and that's all that matters."

"How did you find me?"

His smile was slow and lazy and so achingly familiar that I couldn't help grinning wildly back at him. "I could find you anywhere love. I'll always be able to find you."

It wasn't a real answer, but I didn't care. The only thing I cared about was that he was here! I threw my arms around his neck again, burying myself against him. He placed gentle kisses against my face and neck as I stroked and clung to him. There was nothing sexual about this, it was simply a need to touch and feel each other. To reassure each other that we were not dreaming, that the other was in fact real.

He pulled me down to the ground, cradling me gently against his side as his fingers entwined with mine. I couldn't stop touching him, couldn't get over this sudden good fortune as we simply held and stroked each other late into the night.

CHAPTER 12

I bolted upright the next morning, my heart leaping and jumping in my throat as I searched wildly around. It couldn't have been a dream, it simply couldn't have! It had been so real! My lips were still swollen from his kisses; my skin tingled from the lingering effects of his heated touch. I searched frantically as I leapt to my feet, tears burning my eyes as I took a frightened step forward. Oh God, please no, I pleaded silently.

I couldn't take losing Cade again, even if it had only been a dream. I searched the woods desperately as I took a shaky step forward. It had been so real. I could still smell him upon me, still feel his lips against mine; still taste him! It couldn't have been a dream. It couldn't have been.

"Bethany?" I spun, a strangled cry escaping me as Cade stepped out of the woods. I didn't know where he had gone to, or why, and I didn't care as I raced at him, throwing myself into his arms. "Whoa what's wrong? What happened?"

"You weren't here. I thought it was just another dream, I thought it hadn't been real."

I could feel the surprise in his body, but his arms came slowly around me as he pulled me against him. He sighed softly, pressing his face into my hair as he inhaled deeply. "It wasn't a dream. I'm not leaving you ever again Bethany."

"You can't promise that."

He hugged me tightly before lifting me against him. I instinctively wrapped my legs around his waist as I leaned back to look down at him. "Maybe not," he admitted. "But I can promise you that I will do everything possible to make sure that we are never separated again."

I studied him for a long moment before nodding slowly. I wanted to be soothed by his words, but I couldn't be. Our world was so precarious right now, so full of danger and death that every day was an uncertainty. I kissed him gently, clinging to him in my relief at finding that he was not a dream. I had meant for it only to be a quick kiss, but our long time apart and aching longing for each other quickly turned it into something more.

His hands grasped hold of me, clasping my head to him as he held me firmly against him. I lost myself to the blissful feel of his mouth as I clung to him. My heart hammered, my body responded eagerly, but I broke away before I lost myself to him. Before we finished what had been started last night.

"Cade I've never..." I broke off, heat flaring over my face and down my throat as the words clogged in my throat.

He frowned at me, his dark eyebrows drawing tightly together as worry flitted over his features. "Never what?"

I couldn't bring myself to look at him as I slid from his grasp. His hands remained on my waist as he set me on the ground. "Never you know... ah... I've never..."

"Had sex?"

I was fairly certain that even my hair was about to catch on fire with my mortification. "Yes," I mumbled. "I mean no."

He laughed softly, his fingers threading through my hair as he pulled me a step closer to him. I frowned angrily up at him, irritated by his laughter. "I know."

"What do you mean you know?" I demanded thrown off by his words. Was it so obvious then? Was I so obvious?

"Bethany..."

"I was dating Bret for a year."

He cocked an eyebrow at me, but his amusement did not abate. "You were," he agreed. "But it wasn't the same."

"You don't know that." I regretted the words as soon as I uttered them, what I felt for Cade was extremely different than anything with Bret. I never wanted him to doubt that.

His smile vanished, but his were still sparkling. "I do know that." He kissed me gently, then again, and quickly once more. "I haven't either, you know."

I started in surprise. I pulled away from his mesmerizing kisses as I gaped at him. "How is that possible? All the girls in school were after you, you could have had anyone you wanted..."

"And I do have her. I told you once Bethany that it was you; that it has always been you, and I meant that. Do you think just anyone could have taken your place, even for a moment?" I opened my mouth to answer, but I had no idea how to respond to that. I was adrift, caught up in his words and the love that brought tears to my eyes. "No, they couldn't have. Just as no one could have taken my place with you." I was crying openly now, weeping with the wonder of it all. "You may have been dating Bret, but you were never with Bret, not in your heart."

He placed my hands against his chest. Beneath the muscle and bone I could feel the hard, steady beat of his heart. "And you are in my heart." He wrapped his hand into my hair, brushed his lips over my forehead. "I was made for you Bethany; and you were made for me. You always have been, and nothing could change that."

I was humbled by his words, enveloped by the weight of them. He was right, I knew he was right. I had always known where I belonged, always known who I belonged with, even when I had been dating someone else. My body, my heart, my soul was all his. It always had been; it always would be. "Yes, yes, yes." I agreed with him wholeheartedly.

He wiped my tears away, bending to me as he kissed me ever so lightly upon my nose. "Yes," he mumbled, smiling as he kissed me again.

I wanted to lose myself to him, but I knew that I couldn't. Not right now anyway. Soon though, so very soon I could shut out the rest of the world by losing myself in him. Then a thought occurred to me. "But if you knew all this, if this was what you had always wanted, why did you avoid me so much? Why didn't you come to me before I started dating Bret? Why did you leave me all those years ago?"

Something flickered in eyes, there was a slight recoiling that he was quick to bury, but had been unable to hide. My eyes widened, I wanted to grab at him, to pull him back to me, to make him stay when I felt his withdrawal. Then he was smiling, a small curve of his mouth that barely tipped the hard edges of it. "Because I wasn't sure how you felt about me, not until all of this anyway." He shrugged absently. "I didn't approach you because I was afraid of being rejected by you. I had nothing to offer you, I was an orphan, and definitely not the golden boy Bret was. It was obvious to me that your feelings for him were more platonic than his were for you, but I wasn't going to stop you from going down a path that I felt you needed to travel.

"I knew you'd eventually realize it was me you were supposed to be with after all."

His tone was light, airy. He said the words, but there was something crawling through me. A dark knowledge was slithering through my mind, one that I could not shake. For the first time ever, Cade had just lied to me I was certain of it even though I had no proof. I just didn't know why. It had been such an easy question, but one that he had not answered honestly. There was something behind his eyes, something withdrawn and secretive, even as he smiled at me.

I wanted to press him on it, wanted to understand why he would lie over something so simple, but I knew he wasn't going to tell me the truth. Perhaps I was imagining it, but I didn't think so. "I wish we could stay, but I have to get back. I'm sure Abby and Aiden have started to worry about me by now."

He nodded, the distance in his gaze fading as his fingers stroked over my cheek. I buried my doubts as I leaned into his gentle touch. I didn't want anything to spoil the joy of this moment. I couldn't get over how wonderful it was to have him here again, how whole I felt with him here. I had never thought of myself as boy crazy or needing a man to make me happy. I had never thought that I would ever need someone else to survive. But I did need him.

I had survived without him, but I had been unable to truly live. Now I could live again, now I could feel again. And I could smile and laugh without feeling guilty or lost or adrift in a world that terrified me without him. A world that, though it still possessed love and wonder, without him had been empty and cold.

"I wish we didn't have to go either." He threaded his fingers through my hair, curling it gently around his fingers.

"They'll be shocked to see you."

God I loved his smile. It was so rare, so fleeting, and yet it lit his entire face. It sparkled in his eyes and radiated with his love for me. "No less than you were."

He pulled me closer to him, kissing me softly. That wonderful smile, those magnificent lips. All my doubts and fears were pushed aside as they warmed me to the very depths of my soul. He pulled slowly away from me; his eyes glowed with more than just love. My toes curled in response to the ravenous gleam in his gaze. I was certain that he could devour me, that he wanted too, but it was more than just my body he wanted. A jolt of surprise tore through me as I caught sight of something within Cade that I had never seen before. Something dark and dangerous. Something that I didn't understand, but it wanted possession of me in ways that I couldn't even begin to fathom.

Had they done something to him in there? Had they changed him somehow? Was that why he had lied to me?

The thought terrified me, but I couldn't shake it as that dark gaze burned into me. Seeming to realize my sudden trepidation he blinked and then managed a wan smile. The look was gone from his gaze, but I couldn't forget it, and he couldn't hide it completely.

"Cade..."

"Let's get you back Bethany."

"Are you ok Cade?"

"I'm fine." His fingers entwined with mine. He lifted my hand to place a soft kiss against my knuckles. "Lead the way."

I studied him for a moment longer, but there was no evidence of the darkness I had seen just moments ago. No evidence of anything other than the man that I had always known and loved. I must have been imagining things. I had become so accustomed to the bad, that I could not allow myself to simply enjoy the wonder of his return.

I squeezed his hand tight as I led him back through the forest. Even though my runs were often hectic and panicked with my need for escape, I was somehow always able to make my way back to the farmhouse. Something in my subconscious must have remembered the route because I sure as hell wasn't any good with directions. As we walked, I told him everything that had happened since he'd been gone. Everything we had gone through, the losses we'd experienced, the places we'd been, and our trip to Plymouth.

In the beginning he asked questions, but the more I told him, the quieter he became. Anger slowly settled over him as I told him about the creature that had attacked me. I did not go into detail about the pain, I didn't think anyone should know about that, ever. It was a long moment after I had finished speaking before he finally did so.

"You trust this Dr. Bishop?"

That wasn't the response I had expected. I had told my tale; I had thought that his was going to be forthcoming now. "Well, yes," I said hesitatingly. "He's very smart, he saved my life, and he's a good man."

Cade made a noncommittal sound that puzzled me. My uneasiness grew. I didn't know what had been done to him, what he'd had to endure while imprisoned by the aliens. I studied his countenance. Even if they had somehow managed to change him, I knew that he still loved me, it was obvious. But what had happened to him? Where had he been? How had he escaped? And why wasn't he telling me?

I tried to bury my multiple questions and doubts, hating myself for them. Of course they had changed him, of course he was different. We were both different after what we had endured. We were all different from what we'd endured.

"Does he have any idea why you are different than the others?"

His question sounded nonchalant but there was a new tension racing through his body. His shoulders were tight, his eyes hard. I didn't tell him about my own fears, my own doubts about myself. I couldn't bring myself to speak of them. I didn't want him to look at me differently; I didn't want him to fear for me. And if I was going to be honest with myself, I didn't want to think about them right now. Cade's return had given me a reprieve from the abnormalities in my blood, and until this morning I hadn't thought about it again. I wasn't ready to worry about it now either.

"No. Not yet. But hopefully he will be able discover something that will help the others."

"Hopefully."

He had agreed with me, but he didn't sound overly convinced. "What is your blood type?" I asked softly.

The small smile he gave me did not reach his eyes. "O negative."

"At least Bishop won't be trying to stab you on a daily basis." I had tried to sound light, but my voice sounded flat even to me.

"He shouldn't be stabbing you, either."

I swallowed heavily, my hand tightened around his. "What happened to you Cade? Where have you been?"

He was silent for a long moment, his hand was firm and warm in my tight grasp. "There are some things that you are better off not knowing Bethany."

"Cade..." His dark gaze swung toward me, the turmoil within it more than apparent. I wanted to push him, wanted to know what had been done to him. Wanted to know why he seemed so off, but it was more than apparent that he did not want to talk about it. I swallowed heavily. "Whatever happened I can handle it Cade. If you decide one day that you want to talk to me, I'll be here for you. I'll always be here for you."

"I want to talk to you every day for the rest of our lives Bethany, just not about this. Not right now anyway."

"Ok. I understand." I said the words, but I was slightly wounded and still a little confused by him.

He stopped walking suddenly. A small gasp of surprise escaped me as he wrapped his arm around my waist and pulled me against him. "I don't want to hurt you; it's the last thing in the world that I want. For right now though, this is all I want. I just want you, and I just want to live in the present. I want to think of our future, not the past. I just want to be."

His eyes were haunted, but there was a feverish light in them. He needed this, he needed me to understand his desires, and I could not refuse him. There were things I did not wish to discuss with him, at least not right now anyway. He was not asking me to kill someone; he was not asking me to abandon my family. He was simply asking me not to make him relive his pain. My heart swelled, ached. I wished that I could take whatever it was that had hurt him so badly away, wished I'd had more faith that he had somehow survived, maybe I could have rescued him sooner if I'd had.

"I never should have given up on you. I should have come after you."

He frowned at me, his mouth pursed tightly. It seemed he wanted to say something, but instead he shook his head and dropped a soft kiss on my nose. "There was nothing you could have done. If you had come after me we wouldn't be here right now. You would have been captured or killed also. None of this is your fault Bethany and it all worked out for the best. This, right here," he placed my hand firmly against his chest, his other hand stroked lightly over my cheek. "This is all that we need; just us and our loved ones."

I managed a small smile for him but I couldn't shake my lingering guilt. I breathed a soft sigh of love and desire as his lips traveled down to my own, seizing hold of my mouth with a growing hunger that caused my bones to quiver. He was right; this was all that we needed from now on.

"Bethany!" I jumped in startled surprise at the sharp bark that broke into our bliss. "Where the hell have you..."

Aiden's voice broke off as Cade straightened above me; his dark eyes were hooded as he surveyed Aiden. Shock widened Aiden's eyes, his mouth dropped as he stopped abruptly. "Cade?" he squeaked in surprise.

"Hey Aiden."

Aiden's mouth dropped even further, probably due more to Cade's nonchalant response than the fact that he was actually standing there. Aiden's eyes flew to me, shock and disbelief radiated from him. He came slowly forward, his eyebrows drawing tightly together as he surveyed Cade from head to toe with disbelief.

"You're alive."

"I am," Cade agreed.

"What? How?" Aiden sputtered. Then he broke into a grin and grabbed hold of Cade's arm and pulled him close in a quick embrace. "This is amazing! It's great to see you!"

"You too."

"We thought you were dead, how are you still alive?"

"Not now Aiden," I interjected. Leave it to my brother to pounce on Cade with questions. He was like a dog with a bone sometimes, I just hoped that this was one bone he was willing to let go of. At least for a little while.

Aiden's gaze slid to me. "Did you know?"

I started in surprise. "No. Of course not."

Aiden frowned at me. "Then what were you doing? Why did you leave if you didn't know he was out here?"

I shook my head, taking strength in Cade's solid presence as he wrapped his fingers through mine. "I just needed to get away for a bit. Needed some time to myself."

"In the woods? By yourself!?" I shifted uncomfortably. "How long have you been doing that for?"

"Aiden..."

"Damn it Bethany!" he snapped. Then his gaze slid to Cade. "I hope that is all over now."

"I like the woods, they're peaceful. I found solace in them."

"And now you won't need to."

I glared at Aiden, he may be right, but that didn't mean I still didn't want to beat the hell out of him right now. Cade knew that I loved him, that I had been lost without him, but I didn't want him to think I was moping around for the past month. Even if I had been. I wanted him to think that I was strong, that I had been surviving, and not trying to kill myself. I didn't want him to think that I'd quit, when I hadn't.

"I like being alone in the woods," I grated out.

"Not anymore." I shot Cade a dark look. "I'll be coming with you now."

I wanted to argue with him for taking Aiden's side, wanted to protest that I was fine on my own, but I simply didn't have it in me. All I could do was smile up at him. In all honesty I didn't really care if I went into the woods on my own again, or not. It didn't matter as long as Cade was by my side.

***

Cade stood silently in the doorway, his arms folded over his chest, his eyes hooded as he surveyed the room. Though his posture was casual, tension hummed through his body. Bishop prattled eagerly on, explaining how he hoped that my blood would hold the answer. Cade's displeasure was nearly palpable as his eyes followed Bishop's every move.

He had been back for almost three days now, but much to everyone's displeasure, he refused to talk about what he had gone through, what he had seen. He had also tried to keep me from Bishop. For the most part Cade still seemed like the person I had lost, but there were other times when he was distant, almost harsh. There was a current of hostility thrumming through him that only eased when we were alone together, which was far rarer than I wanted or liked.

The first night had been spent making our way through the dark, staying to the woods as we moved toward Boston. We had stopped to stay in an old house sheltered in a cove deep in the woods. Unfortunately, there weren't many rooms and though we slept at each other's sides at night, we were never alone.

Those onyx eyes slid toward me, his strong jaw clenched tight. There was a smoldering heat in his gaze that warmed the very marrow of my bones. "I do need a fresh sample though, if you don't mind Bethy. You're off the antibiotics now."

"Ah sure," I answered absently. Cade took a step toward me; he looked as if he was going to protest but remained silent. It was moments like these, when he looked about ready to punch something that had everyone weary of him, and me more than a little concerned.

I was rolling my sleeve up for Bishop when a shout rang out. Leaping from the chair I had been sitting upon, I pulled the gun swiftly from my waistband. Something flashed through Cade's eyes; he reached out as if to stop me, but seemed to reconsider it as his hand fell back to his side. He moved with me as I hurried through the house. Bret and Aiden were out there somewhere; they had gone out with a group of people to help scavenge for food.

Terror for them hammered through me, I was sprinting by the time I slammed into the screen door. The weight of my body caused it to fling open but Cade grabbed hold of it before it slammed closed. I flew across the porch, coming up short, my gun raised as I took in the crowd gathered in a circle. Darnell and Lloyd stood at the front of the circle, their guns leveled at the young man that stood in the center with his hands raised above his head.

"I come in peace," he quipped, using his raised fingers to flash the Vulcan salute. He was grinning brightly despite the fact that he was teetering on the edge of being shot. I kept my gun aimed at the man's chest; I was at a good angle on the porch to fire if I had too. Even if he was human. None of us kidded ourselves into believing that the aliens were our only enemies anymore. There were humans we would have to fear too. Humans that would want to take from us what little we had.

The smile slipped slowly from his face as he seemed to finally realize that he was in real danger. His hands raised minutely, his dark eyebrows lifted slightly as he surveyed the crowd. Cade stepped forward suddenly, blocking me as the young man's dark eyes swung in our direction. There was something about Cade, something dark and deadly. We may have had guns but for one stunning moment, I became certain that he was the deadliest one amongst us.

The young man's eyes rested upon Cade for a moment, narrowing slightly before sliding toward me. There was a moment, one brief intense moment, when I could almost feel the crackle of tension that filled the air. I would have thought that perhaps I was imagining it, but several heads turned in our direction. In Cade's direction. One of them was Bret, who studied Cade with a weary expression that left me feeling oddly hollow. The two of them had not ended things on a good note and the lingering hostility between them was starting to grate on my nerves but for one instant Bret stared at Cade as if he didn't even know him and it scared the hell out of me.

"What do you want?" Darnell demanded sharply.

The man's dark eyes slid slowly toward Darnell. He was supporting a buzz cut; his hair was black stubble against his skull. His dark olive skin gleamed in the fading light of the day. He was striking, and seemed affable enough, but there was obviously something about him that Cade did not like. "I just want some shelter, maybe some food. There is safety in numbers, isn't there?"

There was a long moment of silence. "Are you by yourself?"

The man nodded. "I am. Can I lower my hands now?"

"Never told you to raise 'em," Darnell retorted with amusement.

The man grinned. It was a devilish smile that caused more than a few of the women in the group to melt as the moved closer to him. He was fresh meat and it was more than obvious that they were interested in him. Apparently pickings were slim in the group; it wasn't something I had noticed until Cade's return. The women had been very interested in Cade when he had appeared, but he paid them no attention, and they had quickly realized that he was not available.

"We have some food if you want," Darnell told him.

"And a place to stay?"

Cade stiffened. I took a step forward but he nudged me gently back. I opened my mouth to protest but the slight shake of his head silenced me. "We'll see," Darnell told him. "Lloyd take this man to Molly, I'm sure she has some food for him." Darnell leaned close to Lloyd and said something that caused Lloyd to nod in response. He stepped forward as the man's gaze slid back toward Cade and then focused on me. My eyes widened slightly as he stared at me for a long moment, a strange light shining in his dark eyes.

"Go inside Bethany," Cade ordered softly.

I balked against his commanding tone. "Cade..."

He turned toward me, his face tense and his eyes burning. He grasped hold of my shoulders, turning me toward the door. Though he was trying to be casual as he slipped his arm around my shoulders and led me in, his body was tight, and I caught the backwards glance he threw over his shoulder. I wanted to protest his movements but the tautness of his body silenced my words. He was obviously disturbed about something, obviously upset the man had arrived.

"Do you know him?" I inquired.

"No."

I frowned, the disquieting notion that he was lying to me again filled me as I studied the stiff set of his jaw. "You seem upset by his presence."

"Don't want anyone to get hurt."

"And you think he'll hurt someone?"

Cade shrugged. "We can't trust him until we know him, but it's foolish to give him the chance to do something. Things can go wrong very quickly."

That was a fact that we were both well aware of. The screen door opened, causing us both to turn as Darnell came stomping inside. "We're moving again. Let Bishop know."

"But we just got here." I hadn't seen Jenna standing in the doorway of the downstairs bathroom until she'd spoken. Her hair was in wet curls as it hung around her shoulders. Her sky eyes were wide with dismay as she surveyed Darnell.

"Better safe than sorry. There could be other people out there and we don't know if we can trust him."

Jenna frowned at Darnell's statement but he moved past her before he could elaborate. "What does that mean?"

I explained it to her as we made our way toward the back, and Bishop. He was going to be disappointed that he wasn't going to be able to get a fresh blood sample out of me again. For some strange reason, I was acutely relieved by the fact. Cade disapproved of Bishop using me as a guinea pig, and I wasn't certain I wanted the answers that Bishop's new round of tests might reveal.

CHAPTER 13

I studied the map, barely listening as Darnell outlined the path he wanted to take. Some of it was going to be rough terrain, but at least it was mainly woods. We had been on the move for the past three days, only now settling down once more for a rest. We were going to spend a few days at the small hotel we had discovered nestled at the edge of the woods. On the other side of the large cabin-like building was a sparkling blue lake. Everyone had been ordered to stay away from the lake, only the woods were a secure position in which to remain hidden. It was a good thing the weather had become cooler; I didn't think I'd be able to resist the allure of the dark blue water otherwise.

I glanced at the people gathered around the table. Aiden and Lloyd were close together, Jenna stood slightly behind Bret, leaning over his shoulder. It looked like an intimate posture for the two of them, but unfortunately it was simply because it was the only place she had been able to squeeze in. Bret was still annoyingly obtuse to her, not because of me, but because he had become focused on becoming even more of a soldier, and spent every free moment he had training with the remaining troops. Bishop was standing beside the two other soldiers, Private Mick Smith and Private Frank Doogal.

There were a few other people gathered around, but I was acutely aware of the fact that Cade was not present. And neither was Ian Hoyt, the enigmatic man that had wandered into our camp just days ago. Cade was weary of him still, distant, and he did whatever he could to keep me as far from Ian as possible. I had wanted to question him on it, but we barely had a moment alone, never mind time to have an in depth conversation. I was hoping that our stay in this hotel would give us a chance for some much needed, and wanted, privacy.

My attention left Darnell and the map as I scanned the crowd once more. I didn't know where Cade had gone, but for the past two days he had been hard to read. I was worried about him, but he still wouldn't talk to me, still wouldn't tell me what had happened to him while he'd been gone. What they had done to him.

Tension. There was always tension within him, always something simmering close to the surface. Something I was becoming more frightened was going to explode, no matter how tight of a hold he tried to keep on it. And he was keeping a very tight hold on it, that much was apparent. Even if it was only apparent to me.

A light touch on my elbow pulled me away from my morose thoughts. I blinked Bishop into focus. Apparently the meeting was over. "We're staying for a few days. I would like to finally get a sample if I could."

My throat was suddenly dry, but I managed a brief nod. I could not put Bishop off forever, could not hide from what may be hidden within my blood. I worried about Cade's secrets, but I think he suspected I was harboring a few of my own. He didn't question me about it, but I was well aware of the fact that he was watching me even more than normal. Even more than those times I had caught him studying me in the halls at school, or on the streets when I had felt his gaze on me, and been drawn to him, but had been too shy to approach him in anyway.

It was all very confusing but neither of us seemed willing to talk about what we were going through, or our doubts. I took comfort in the fact that at least he was back, at least the world did not appear as dark and cold with him here. However, now it wasn't the world that was dark and cold, but Cade himself.

And I was even more confused about the changes going on inside of me. Changes that had increased since that thing had attacked me in Plymouth. My craving for meat had increased, it was a battle to avoid it now, one that left me strained and exhausted by the end of every day. I almost hoped that this fresh sample of blood would provide Bishop with the answers he sought, but I was terrified of what those answers might be.

"Of course," I murmured.

I followed Bishop up the steps of the hotel. He had set up his new research area in the small ballroom tucked in between two larger ballrooms. The three rooms could be combined by opening the partition that separated them. When they were all combined the rooms took up almost three quarters of the first floor of the hotel. I imagined it had been a beautiful spot for weddings and parties.

I sat on the stool that Bishop patted lightly before turning away to grab his ever present needle. My other, tainted, blood samples had been disposed of. Bishop had seen no need to keep them since they were ruined, and I had returned alive. "Do you really think this could work?"

I turned in surprise; I hadn't realized that Darnell, Lloyd, Aiden, and Jenna had followed us into the room. I had been so caught up in my own worries and fears that I hadn't noticed them behind us. "It's a possibility," Bishop muttered.

"But it could save more lives, if we can get to the remaining frozen people in time?" Darnell pressed.

We were all acutely aware of the fact that we hadn't come across any of the human statues in a long time. Though there had been some destruction and debris left here, there had been no bodies, and very little blood. I tried not to think about the possibility that they were all dead. That it was already too late to save anyone, no matter how hard we tried. "There's no way to know that, but we can hope."

"So they could all be dead already. This could all be for nothing." My voice was weak, listless with despair as Bishop stabbed me. I had been poked and prodded more times than I wished to count, we had risked our lives and experienced awful things to go to Plymouth, and it could have all been for nothing.

"They're not dead. At least not all of them anyway."

I jumped slightly, a sharp pain shooting through me as I twisted on the stool and jerked the syringe in my arm. I didn't know when he had arrived but Cade was now standing in the doorway, his eyes narrowed upon the needle stuck in my arm. His displeasure was obvious as he watched us.

"Who's not dead?" Darnell asked quietly.

"The Frozen Ones."

Darnell's eyes widened, everyone's attention became riveted upon Cade. "What do you mean they're not dead?" Darnell asked quietly.

Cade looked away from me as Bishop pulled the vile free and quickly replaced it with another one. I remained silent, unwilling to speak. Those words were the most that Cade had said about anything he'd experienced, or anything he knew. I feared that if I spoke he wouldn't say anything more, that he would withdraw, leaving us with only those cryptic words and no explanation. I waited breathlessly instead, hoping to learn at least a little something of what he had been through.

"They aren't dead. They're trapped in a cryogenic-like state, just waiting to be awakened."

"How do we awaken them?" Bishop demanded.

"We don't. Those other things do. There's something in them, or they do something that causes the people to awaken again."

My bones quaked, literally rattled, as I vividly recalled the pain those things could inflict. If it was possible, I was certain they could wake the dead with that pain. "No matter how much time has passed?" I croaked out.

"I don't know about that," Cade responded flatly.

"How do you know they reawaken?" Darnell asked.

"Bethany and I saw a man come back to life, though at the time we didn't realize why he had come back, and thought that perhaps pain had caused it." Abby and Aiden exchanged a guilty glance, my head bowed beneath the weight of the memory. We hadn't known why the man in the street had come back to life and we had hoped to save our mother. Because of that, Cade had tried to burn Peter, his former boss, with a lighter in the hopes that the pain would reawaken him. It hadn't worked. So much had happened since then that I had almost forgotten about that awful memory. "Unfortunately, we were wrong. We saw that man come back to life though, when one of those things fed from him so they were still alive. I saw others come back to life too, when those things got a hold of them."

I swallowed heavily, I found I could barely say the words, but I had to. I hadn't said anything, hadn't even begun to try and tell them what that pain had been like. I never wanted them to understand it, because there was only one way that could happen, and I didn't want to speak about it. "It's not the same."

Bishop's grey eyes narrowed on me, I turned away from him, unable to take the inquisitiveness in his sharp gaze. The desire to know, but he never could. "What isn't the same Bethy?"

I could feel something inside of me twisting, recoiling, coming forth and then retreating again. I wanted to tell them, wanted to share, but it was difficult to find the words. Tears filled my eyes; I blinked them back as I lifted my gaze to Cade. Clouds of anger passed over his face; there was a rolling turmoil and fury in him that startled me. For a strange, startling moment, darkness seemed to ooze out of him, seemed to seep from him in waves of black that filled every one of his veins. Then it was gone, and I was left with the thought that I somehow must have imagined it.

"What isn't the same Bethany?" Bishop pushed.

My jaw clenched for a moment, I focused on the back wall, unable to look at any of them right now. "The pain, the pain isn't the same." My fingers played nervously with the ragged edges of my shirt. "You can't understand it."

There was a long moment of silence. I had almost forgotten that Bishop was drawing my blood until he stuck a cotton ball against me and forced my numb fingers to hold it in place. I was shaking, but it wasn't visible to them. It was an inner shaking that quaked through my blood, my muscles, even deep into my organs.

"So it's worse?"

I couldn't stop the snort of derision that escaped me at Jenna's question. "It's much worse."

"Ok so it's worse than a burn, perhaps if we inflict even more pain than that..."

"No," I interrupted Aiden forcefully. "No." The cotton slipped from my fingers, I lurched awkwardly up stumbling slightly as a wave of dizziness swept through me. Bishop had taken more blood than I'd realized. Cade grasped hold of my arm, but for the first time I didn't want his touch. I didn't want anyone's touch. "Don't. I'm fine."

"Bethany..."

I shook his hand off, I was swarming with dizziness and pain filled memories. I inhaled deeply, trying hard to regain control. "No," I said again. "No we will not do anything more to those poor people! We cannot awaken them; it's not possible for us to do it."

"A broken bone perhaps," Darnell suggested hesitatingly.

"Maybe, though it would be awful to do, a gunshot," Lloyd muttered.

"It's not possible to duplicate that kind of pain!" My voice was near hysteria, my tone sharp and high. I was ashamed by the lack of control, ashamed by the horror and terror clawing at me, but this time I could not reel it in. I couldn't let them keep discussing this. Not when it wasn't possible. I didn't want them to think they could do something, or even have them try to do something, they couldn't. "You don't know, you don't understand. So just stop."

"There are other options besides burning," Lloyd pressed.

I opened my eyes, focusing my attention on him. "I'd rather have you cauterize me a hundred times over than ever experience that again. I'd rather break every bone in my body than have one of those things enter, and yes enter, me again. That is not broken bone pain, it is not burn pain. It is a soul deep wrenching that I can still feel in every fiber of my being. It is not a pain that is forgotten with time, it is a pain that is readily recalled. Readily relived. You cannot duplicate it Lloyd and to try to do so is simply cruel and unnecessary torture. Let it go, it cannot be done."

Lloyd looked as if he wanted to argue with me some more, but thankfully he remained silent. I dropped the cotton ball into the trash, more for something to distract me than for any other reason. I could feel them all watching me, but I couldn't look at them. I didn't want to. I had said my peace; they had to understand, because I sure as hell wasn't going to let them hurt anyone.

"They can be awakened though, even if we can't do it." Cade's eyes were distant; his hair tussled as it fell across the hard planes of his face. "There are some of Frozen Ones still around, even if we don't see them as often. Sometimes those things just drain them and move on, and sometimes they are gathered and kept frozen for a later time."

My breathing was shallow; I could barely get any air in my lungs as my chest constricted painfully. I was afraid that I might hyperventilate. I knew Cade was just skimming the surface of where he had been, what he had seen, but my skin crawled with horror, my insides felt like jelly. What had they done to him? I wondered for the millionth time. He reached for me again, but this time he was looking to soothe himself as well as me, and I could not refuse him that. My fingers entwined with his, I could breathe a little easier as I clung to him.

"Those things left people alive?" Bishop inquired.

Cade shook his head. "Those things only feed when they intend to kill, and then they bring the blood back."

"Back for who?" Jenna asked. Her face was abnormally pale as she watched Cade with wide eyes.

"For the aliens. Those things are like walking storage units. They give their bounty up when they return." There was a long moment of silence as everyone tried to digest the shock of that statement.

"And the alien's, they feed from those things?" Aiden's voice was strained, it sounded as if he was trying not to puke. Cade remained silent, it didn't appear that he wanted to answer anymore. "What about people like us? The ones still moving?"

"They're there," Cade answered.

Darnell shifted, his hand tightened around his gun. "There are people still alive?"

Cade's dark eyes finally left me as they slid slowly to Darnell. "I think I'm enough proof that they don't kill everyone, don't you?"

Darnell's dark eyebrows shot up, his hard chin clenched tightly. I wanted to intervene between them, I wanted to speak, but my mouth would not form the words. "Where are they?"

Cade shook his head. I felt his eyes burning into me; I knew that he was staring at me, even though I did not meet his gaze. I suddenly understood Cade's reluctance to tell us anything. To tell me anything. He didn't want me hurt; he didn't want me anywhere near where he had been held. "I don't know."

I finally met his gaze; sadness crept through me as I took in those beautiful onyx eyes. "Cade..."

"They're on the Cape, at least some of them anyway, and I think that's why the bridges were destroyed. It's a perfect prison over there for them, an island with no escape. I couldn't find where I was held again though, they move often." I couldn't shake the feeling that he was lying, that he was keeping something from us. "There is nothing we could do anyway. No way to get at them without more firepower, people, and a way back across. We couldn't fight off all of those things anyway, what do you think is guarding those people? There aren't as many there as you are hoping for anyway."

"That explains Plymouth. Why the town was so clean, why they hadn't gotten to all of the Frozen Ones yet. They had been too busy cleaning and setting it up as another holding place for people," Lloyd said in awe.

I gasped; my eyes flew back to Cade. His jaw was locked as he gave a crisp, affirmative nod. "We can't just give up," Jenna whispered. "We can't just leave them there."

I wanted to agree with her, but there was a knot in my throat that I couldn't swallow. The thought of leaving them all behind made me sick, but how could we possibly help them? Not only did it seem as if we weren't going to be able to help the ones that had been captured, but there was nothing we could do to awaken The Frozen Ones. "My blood isn't the answer," I said thoughtfully. "It is those things."

Bishop tapped his chin thoughtfully as he studied me. "It's the answer for something," he said softly. "It could be a vaccine, it could still awaken people. We have no idea the potential your blood may hold."

"Or doesn't hold," Cade said softly. "Just because she has a different blood type than everyone here doesn't mean that she is the only one. There could be other survivors like her, and you just haven't run across them yet."

"It's too big of a coincidence. Hopefully these uncontaminated samples will hold some answers."

Cade's jaw clenched, a muscle jumped in his cheek. His displeasure was evident as his hand slid from mine. "Were you held on the Cape?" Lloyd inquired.

"Yes."

My skin crawled. They had turned our home into a place of death, hopelessness, and torment. A place that Cade had managed to escape from twice, but how? I turned back to ask him, but he was already gone.

***

"You can't keep me sheltered. You can't protect me from them. You can't save me from the truth Cade."

It had taken me a half an hour to find Cade. He had retreated to the workout room of the hotel and had been in the process of beating the crap out of a punching bag. Though I could feel his anger and frustration, I couldn't help but admire the hard ripple of muscles as he straightened. A thin layer of sweat coated his bare back; his dark hair was wet as it curled against his face. His head turned slowly toward me, his eyes smoldered as he stared at me over his shoulder. I was stunned by the hostility I sensed simmering beneath his surface, I was held immobile by the sheer force of his beauty.

I swallowed heavily, ignoring the heat that pooled through my body, the desire that filled me. Right now was not the time to jump him, no matter how badly I suddenly wanted to. "There is no way to keep me completely safe."

"Maybe not, but I can do my best to try."

"Cade..."

"There are things that you do not need to know Bethany. Leave it at that." I was stunned by the fierceness of his words, the abruptness of them. He walked over to a bench and grabbed the towel that had been tossed onto it. He wiped his face and arms with it before draping it around his shoulders and turning to me. "And there are things that I can do to keep it that way."

I took a deep breath before taking a step into the room. Anger battled with love inside of me. "You were gone for over a month Cade."

He nodded, a muscle in his cheek jumped. "Yes."

"The girl you left on that beach is gone." It was weird saying those words, weird admitting it to someone other than myself. "I'm not the same, and neither are you. I was weaker then, I was frightened and partially beaten by everything that had happened. When I lost you I was destroyed. I had no hope; all I had was agony, revenge and fury. And I did whatever I could to try and find a way to exact that revenge. I'm stronger now, I can fight, and I'm excellent with a gun. The girl you left behind..."

"No longer exists. I know that." He dropped the towel on the bench before walking to me. I tilted my head back as he stopped before me. The heat of his body blasted against me; though we weren't touching I could feel him against me. I was surprised by the startling amount of relief that filled me. He knew, he knew that I wasn't right, that I was not the same. I didn't realize, until now, that a part of me had been terrified that he hadn't realized I was different and was clinging to the dead ghost of the person I had been. That he would stop loving me when he realized the truth. "You are stronger, more capable. I loved that girl Bethany, and I love this one, there is nothing that will ever change that."

Tears pooled in my eyes. "Then talk to me," I whispered fervently. "I can take it."

He took a step closer to me. I couldn't stop myself from reaching up and resting my hands against his hard chest. His lean muscles rippled beneath my fingers. Though he'd been kept as a prisoner, unlike me, there were no scars marring his chest. I had not seen the rest of him, but I was fairly certain that he didn't have the ugly marks I had over his legs and waist. His hands clasped hold of my fingers, pressing them flat against his warm skin. I knew there was something that I had come here to talk to him about, but for the life of me I couldn't recall it at that moment.

His fingers thread through my hair. He caressed my cheeks lightly as he bent to kiss me gently. I sighed softly, joy suffused me. "You've been hurt, wounded. You've endured things that I can never take away from you, no matter how much I want to. I can keep you a little safer though Bethany, I can keep you from even more hurt. Let me do that, please." I couldn't argue with him, not when his lips were brushing over my face, caressing me ever so gently. My heart leapt as it pounded with renewed velocity.

"I just wish you would talk to me, tell me..."

"Later, not now. There is nothing I can tell you that would help. Nothing."

"Those people," I whispered.

He sighed softly, his forehead dropped against mine. "We have to keep going forward. There are others that still need help, that we can still help. There may come a time when we can help them, but now is not that time. There is little we can do other than getting ourselves killed. I can't take the chance of losing you again Bethy, I just can't."

I closed my eyes, clinging to his hands as I leaned into him. He smelled wonderful, like sweat and spices. It was a smell I knew well, and had missed so much. A smell that wrapped around me, and enshrouded me in a cocoon of warmth and love. "All we can do is survive and hold onto the dream that one day we'll be able to help them."

I nodded, shivering as he dropped soft kisses across my face. "One day we will," I said forcefully. "One day we'll help them. Is there any chance that some of them may escape, like you?"

He smiled softly, his eyes bright and clear as his thumbs lightly stroked my face. "There's always hope."

I was slightly startled as his words eerily echoed my dream. They left me with an uneasy feeling that even his kiss couldn't change.

CHAPTER 14

It was unbelievably dark when I awoke. Without power, and not wanting to waste the battery in my flashlight, I had fallen asleep with no source of light in the room. The heavy curtains had been drawn over the large window, blocking out whatever moonlight the night might have had to offer. I blinked, straining to make something out within the dark. I wasn't used to having my own space, my own room, my own bed. For so long I had been sleeping with a group of people, in one room. I was used to rustling movements, soft snores, and cries from those having nightmares.

I was surprised to find it was terrifying to be alone.

I sat up, trying to keep control of my rising panic. I was also used to having Cade wrapped around me, used to being ensnared within his strong arms, and feeling the reassuring beat of his heart against me. But Cade had volunteered to go on patrol tonight in place of a man who had become ill. I wished that he was here.

I tugged on a pair of jeans and a shirt; there was no way that I was going to get back to sleep in the pitch black room. It was too dark, I was too alone, and I felt the driving need to escape. I slipped my feet into my battered sneakers and headed out the door. The hall was quiet; there was one lamp at the end of it. Its small flame barely lit the dark stairwell. I crept slowly down the stairs, my hand trailing along the railing as I stepped into the main lobby of the small hotel. It was eerily quiet as I made my way to the glass front doors.

I stared out at the night, watching for a long moment, but nothing moved out there. I was torn between wanting to go out there and find Cade, and wanting to run. It had been a long, tiring day and I craved the freedom that the woods gave me. A soft sound caused me to turn away from the door. I reached to the gun at my hip, frowning as I strained to hear anything more within the silent hotel. Though no other sound came, I was certain that I had heard something coming from the ballrooms. I wouldn't be surprised to find Bishop in the backroom, absorbed in his microscope and fresh samples.

I made my way back there, eager for some company, and perhaps some newfound insights from the doc. There was a flashlight sitting on the counter. Its beam, focused on the back wall, was the only source of illumination in the ballroom. I frowned as I stared at the circle on the back wall. There was no way that Bishop could be working on anything when all that could be seen was that circle. I didn't see anyone within the room, but they had to be there if the flashlight was on. "Bishop?" I inquired softly.

The room remained strangely silent. I strained to see into it, strained to make out anything within the shadows of the room. And then, something moved.

I watched in confusion as a person shifted within the shadows, their movements stirred the night around them, but they did not emerge completely. A chill shivered down my spine, causing the hair on the nape of my neck to stand up. I didn't know who was in that room, but I suddenly didn't like any of this. I knew it wasn't Bishop, he would have come forth. I took a small step back, my hand wrapped around the butt of my gun.

They moved slowly, their slender body barely visible in the gloom. The shadows seemed to hug them, caressing them as they came toward me. There was such an easy grace to them, such a natural ability to blend in with the shadows that I was struck by the strange familiarity of them. They reminded me of someone. "Cade?" I whispered.

But even as I said the name, I knew that it wasn't him either. He wouldn't have remained hidden. He would have come to me instantly; he would have revealed himself the moment that I stepped into this room. For the first time true fear enveloped me as I realized that whoever was in the room wasn't coming toward me to talk to me, but was stalking me. Hunting me. My throat went dry. I slipped the gun slowly from my waistband. I held it at my side, trying not to draw attention to the fact that I possessed it.

"It's you."

The words were a soft hiss that caused my skin to crawl. I took another step back, jumping slightly as I bumped into the wall. I hadn't realized that I had stepped away from the doorway until that moment. It was a foolhardy mistake that may have just cost me my life. And I knew, without knowing how, that this was going to turn into a battle for my life.

The man emerged from the shadows and I understood why I had briefly mistaken him for Cade. They had the same slender build, same dark hair and eyes. He was even staring at me with the same hunger and tension I had seen in Cade's eyes a few times. However, in this man's eyes that hunger caused a panicked, primitive reaction to flare hotly through me.

I wanted to flee, wanted to run from the room but I remained immobile and shaken. I was terrified that if I ran he would hunt me down and maul me to death. Somehow I knew that he would, and that he could. "Excuse me?" I managed to choke out.

Ian's eyes raked me from head to toe. His lips were a strange shade of red, there appeared to be something on his mouth. His gaze smoldered with heat, burned with longing, but there was nothing sexual in his eyes as there was with Cade. He did not desire me the way that Cade did, he wanted something else, something more from me. I didn't know exactly what, but I was convinced that he wanted to devour me completely. I was shaking slightly as I took a step to the right, trying to get back to the open doorway.

"It's you," he said again freezing me in place. I turned questioningly toward him. What was me? "You're what he's been hiding."

His words caused turmoil and confusion to surge through me. "You're all over this room. Your smell, your taste, it's everywhere." His hand fell onto the hematology analyzer on the table. It was then that I noticed the empty vials littering the table. My blood was gone. "You're all inside of me." My eyes flew back to his, my heart slammed rapidly against my ribs. I could barely breathe through the horror choking me. His lips were red, red as blood. My blood. "And you're good."

The purred word caused everything inside of me to go limp. He had drunk my blood. And he liked it. And he wanted more.

He was going to kill me. He wasn't human. Holy crap he was one of them!

Thoughts raced through my head at a million miles per hour. I couldn't focus on just one of them, couldn't grasp just one. All I knew for certain was that he wasn't human, that the aliens had infiltrated our group for some reason, and that he was going to kill me. "Sooooo good," he continued. "No wonder he's keeping you to himself. No wonder he's hiding you. Greedy, greedy boys always lose their toys. He's been bad though. Very very bad. He's inside of you too. He knows better than that. It's forbidden. But he is, he's in you, and you survived it. Amazing. And now he's made you even yummier than you would have been otherwise."

Holy hell, not only was he going to kill me, but he was completely freaking insane on top of it!

I didn't know what he was talking about. Didn't know what he could possibly mean with his hissed words, and strange statements, but I was shaking from their effects. Shaking from the strange notion that I should understand his words, that a part of me did understand them, even though I didn't want to, even though I refused to acknowledge the fear that twisted through me. And not all of that fear was because of this man standing across from me, but from something more, something else.

I was lost. I was terrified that I was going to die, but I wasn't going down without a fight. I whipped the gun up, but before I could fire it he was on top of me, knocking it aside. He was so fast, so stunningly quick that it took my breath away. He hit my hand so hard that numbness instantly enveloped me, causing my fingers to involuntarily release their hold upon the weapon. Dismay filled me. I opened my mouth to scream but his other hand wrapped around my neck, choking off my scream as he swiftly crushed the air from my throat.

I grasped hold of his hand, struggling against the death grip strangling me. Stars of bright light burst over my eyes. My feet kicked against the wall as he lifted me off my feet with terrifying, inhuman, ease. There was something wrong with his eyes, my vision was swimming due to lack of oxygen but I could still tell that there was something wrong with his eyes.

And that was when I realized that his entire eyeball, not just his iris, was completely black. It seemed as if the color in his iris had seeped out to completely take over the eyeball. But it wasn't only just encompassing the eye it also seemed to be seeping into his face. I watched in horror as the black spread throughout the veins in his face, causing them to stand out starkly against his dark complexion.

I choked, gagged, sputtered as ice began to pulse through my veins. Blackness, oozing blackness encompassed him. I could almost feel it creeping out, trying to wrap around me. Trying to get inside of me, just like that thing had tried to get inside of me. Against my throat, I felt the pinch of nails, or talons, on my skin. I felt the cool trickle of my blood as his suddenly clawed fingers pierced me.

Though he was not as ugly as those things that hunted us, and drained us dry, he was ugly, and he was horrifying. And he was what those things served. He was what they fed. And now he wanted to feed from me.

That blackness was in the air now; it seemed to be coming at me. Another long talon pierced my skin. Ian licked his lips eagerly, taking the last of my blood from them. A gurgled scream escaped me; bile surged up my throat as he bent his mouth to my neck. His tongue was hot against my chilled skin as he licked over me, tasting me. I nearly vomited with disgust. A low purr escaped him; his pleasure was nearly palpable as he continued to savor my blood. He drew back slightly, using a sharp nail to draw a line down my skin. I felt the sharp pain of the slice as my blood spilled forth.

"Delicious," he murmured. "Eat you from the inside out."

That blackness tore into me. It seemed to rip into my very soul, shredding through my flesh, bone, and marrow. I bucked against him. A silent scream of agony slammed through my skull, spread through my veins, and paralyzed my body. I felt as if I were being drained of more than just my blood, but also my soul, my very life essence. It was as bad as when that other thing had gotten a hold of me, only Ian was not physically inflicting a wound in order to do it.

"Inside," he breathed.

I couldn't move; I felt my eyes roll back in my head. I was going to faint. I was going to die. And I found myself welcoming it if it meant that I could escape this.

"No no sweetness," he whispered. I could feel the darkness leaving me as he pulled slightly away. The black veins in his face began to slowly fade but his eyes remained burning charcoal orbs as he smiled at me. "Out." His disgusting tongue moved up my neck, tasting more of my blood before moving on to stroke over my cheeks. I recoiled in revulsion from the feel of him. "It's so much more fun when you stay awake. So much more fun when you enjoy every little thing that I am going to do to you. For hours, days even. I'll make him pay for being a greedy, treacherous boy. Oh the joy of it all."

I wanted to cry, wanted to sob in horror, but he was ripping me away from the wall. Dragging me by my neck he made his way toward the back of the room. I stumbled, nearly fell, but was held ungraciously up by the nails he dug sharply into my skin. I could feel blood seeping from the numerous wounds he inflicted upon me.

"I'll teach him to try and hide his toys, to not share. You are a rare treat, a survivor, a delicious, scrumptious little survivor. It's truly amazing you know."

No, I didn't know; I didn't have one damn clue what the hell he was talking about. In fact, I could hardly think at all due to the lingering haze of pain, confusion, and terror that was clamoring through me.

Ian stopped abruptly, jerking me roughly up. Before I knew what he was doing, his hand was at my waistband. I froze in horror, my muscles locked into place as my breath stuck in my lungs. He grinned at me as his fingers brushed over my skin. They dipped momentarily lower, brushing against the edge of my underwear before he pulled the other gun from beneath my shirt. "It's not time for that yet sweet one, not until we're out of here anyway. There will be plenty of time for that after we're away."

My mouth parted slightly in horror, it was in that moment that I realized there was a fate worse than death, and that I was facing it. Renewed strength filled me; I shoved violently off of him as I tried to pull free of his tight hold. Pain surged through me as his claws ripped across my throat, and tore into my skin. Blood spilled over me, but he had not expected me to react at all so I was able to wrench free of his tight hold. Shock radiated over his face for a moment, and then the black lines surged to the forefront again.

I stumbled back, trying to catch my balance as I slammed off of one of the tables. He lurched at me, leaping forward with a snarl that caused the hair on my arms to stand on end. Grabbing hold of the closest thing to me, I lifted the microscope and swung it at him with the full force of my might. Pain radiated through my arms as the jarring impact of microscope, verse face, slammed through me.

His head snapped to the side, but his forward momentum was barely knocked off balance as he plowed into me. His arms wrapped around my waist as we fell back. I took most of the impact of the hard floor as my body bounced painfully off of it. A startled cry escaped me, I wanted to scream but he was on top of me, tearing ferociously at me. My shirt ripped beneath his savage assault. His face was a mask of fury and blackness, though he was enraged with me, he did not shred my skin. It was apparent that he was able to keep enough reason to not kill me now; that would ruin all of his wonderful future plans for me.

I tried to fend him off, tried to deflect his hands as he pushed and pulled and grabbed brutally at me. He seized hold of my hands and slammed them over my head with one of his hands. He was so strong, so unbelievably, inhumanly strong. It seemed as if he had a million hands, seemed as if he were everywhere at once as he leaned over me, leering with vicious intent.

He grabbed hold of my cheeks, squeezing painfully. I winced in pain, wishing that I could slap his hand away, wishing that I could slap him. "By the time I'm done with you you're going to be begging to die. Begging for me to kill you."

I had no doubt that he was right as I glared at him, but he was going to get one hell of a fight before then. He grabbed hold of me, hauling me to my feet by my wounded throat. I tried to pull away from him again, but he held tight. His nails were sharp against my brutalized skin; his hand was tight in my hair as he jerked it sharply forward.

He had only dragged me forward ten feet when the low growl pierced the air. I tried to turn, tried to see where the noise had come from when I was knocked violently aside. A small cry of surprise escaped me as I bounced roughly off of one of the tables and fell to the ground. The flashlight went tumbling into the darkness. Its beam bounced around the room, flashing blindingly over the walls as it spun. I didn't know what was going on, could barely make out anything as I blinked rapidly against the flashing brilliance. The sounds of a brutal assault were loud in the room.

I scurried away, scrambling on my hands and knees as the table next to me skittered into the blackness. I jerked back, frightened of getting hit by the heavy piece of furniture as it was kicked violently back at me. My heart pounded with fear as I searched for the door, but my vision had been compromised by the flashlight. I couldn't make out anything within the room. My skin crawled with horror. I could hear the violent sounds of punching, the grunts and snarls of the fighters, the cracking of furniture and bones as the fighters rolled and tore at each other.

I didn't know who my savior was, or if they were even winning, but I did know that I had to get the hell out of here, and I needed help. I had just regained my feet when I was hit from behind by one of the bodies. I staggered forward, but my leg twisted beneath me and I found myself back on my hands and knees again. Pain blasted through my palms and bruised knees. I struggled to get away but one of the fighters was still half on top of my awkwardly twisted foot.

A startled cry of terror escaped me as hands clawed at me, trying to gain purchase in my hair or ruined clothes. I fell, rolling out from underneath them as someone reared out of the night. Fury and fear pulsated within the room; whoever had been seeking me was knocked forcefully aside.

That was when I spotted the flashlight. I scurried forward, crawling swiftly across the floor as I reached for the small, gleaming torch. My hand seized hold of it as an echoing snap resounded through the room. Everything went silent. I froze, my hand wrapped around the handle of the light as I waited breathlessly in the dark. I had never heard that sound before, but I knew instinctively that it had been the sound of a breaking neck. I didn't know who had won, I didn't know if Ian was going to grab hold of me again. I didn't want to move, didn't even want to blink. I was afraid that any small movement would reveal my location and that the assault would begin anew.

Something moved within the room. My heart leapt into my throat. I couldn't stay like this forever, I had to move. I had to know. I spun suddenly, flipping over as I aimed the beam in the direction of where I had last heard anything. I had hoped to use the flashlight to blind whoever was left with me, even if it was my savior. Instead, it revealed a horror far worse than anything I ever could have imagined. A horror that left me cold, empty. Dead inside.

Ian was on the floor, his neck twisted at an unnatural angle. His dark eyes were open, but unseeing. In fact, they would never see again. His mouth was parted slightly; the right side of his face had caved beneath the force of numerous, furious blows. Blood was splattered over his face, his clothes, and the ground. Though the sight of his mutilated body was disturbing, it was nothing compared to the sight of the person sitting over him.

Cade's shoulders were hunched, his head bowed. Blood splattered his clothes; it streaked over his hands and arms. I stared silently, breathlessly, afraid to move even an inch. There was something wild, something savage about him that frightened me. Something that I did not recognize but that instinctively terrified me.

And then he turned toward me. A small mewl of horror escaped me, my hand shook on the flashlight as I took in the sight of that blood splattered face. I didn't recognize the eyes gleaming out at me, barely recognized the beloved face I knew so well. Because that face no longer existed. It had been replaced by the monstrous, nearly unrecognizable face before me.

Black, everything about him was black. From his entirely black eyes to the black veins standing starkly out in his face.

Primitive. Violent. Deadly. Those words screamed through my mind as I gaped in revulsion at him. Inhuman also.

I felt something inside of me breaking, splintering, and shattering into a thousand pieces as bits of my heart and soul disintegrated. His eyes narrowed. He didn't seem to recognize me as his completely onyx gaze slid slowly over me from head to toe and then back again. He shuddered, rage blazed from him as his eyes returned to linger upon the ruined remains of my shirt. The blackness had been slowly receding from his face; it surged back to life, racing through his veins once more as his eyes found my bloody neck.

I was ashamed of the soft whimper that escaped me. Ashamed of the complete lack of control I suddenly had over my body, ashamed by the crushing sense of defeat that descended over me. His gaze came slowly back to my face; he stared at me for a long moment before the black slowly started to creep out of him again.

My heart was breaking, my body felt numb. I felt deadened and empty. I didn't understand any of this; I just knew that there was a strange sense of finality enclosing me. A strange sense that this was the end, it was all over. That there was nothing left within me.

He rose slowly, with a strange grace that made me want to cry. That grace, that haunting beauty, those dark piercing eyes, and strange strength I had seen him exhibit were slowly, and finally, beginning to make sense to me. He hadn't escaped from the aliens, he hadn't broken free. They had let him go. No wonder he didn't want to talk about what he had experienced, because he had not experienced it as a human, as a prisoner. He had no answers for us, nothing he could tell us because he had been with his kind all along. He had probably enjoyed the time he'd been with them. Probably relished in the death and brutality I was certain the captured people endured.

I'd been a fool to think he'd actually loved me. He was a monster, monsters could not love.

Thoughts scrambled and screamed through my mind. I could barely make sense of anything as he gazed at me for a long moment. I wanted to run, wanted to flee screaming into the darkness, but I found myself unable to move. And then he was rising above me like a dark avenger coming to finish what his cohort had started.

Terror drove me to my feet. I lurched awkwardly upward, desperate to get away as he came at me. I darted in between the tables, frantic for escape. My heart hammered in panic; I could barely breathe as I ran blindly forward. I had left the flashlight behind in my panic. I was never going to escape; I didn't even know where the damn door was anymore!

Not like this, I thought franticly. Not like this. Not at the hands of Cade. I could not be killed by the only person I had ever loved.

I hadn't made it that far, not nearly as far as I would have liked anyway, before his arms wrapped around me. He lifted me easily off the ground as he clasped my back firmly against his chest. His hand snaked around, closing tightly over my mouth as I opened it to scream. He pressed me against his chest, holding me against him as I struggled within his grasp.

"Shh Bethany, I'm not going to hurt you. Stop, just stop."

Tears slipped down my face, I couldn't keep them in anymore. This was just too much to handle right now. It had been so hard for so long, but this this was going to be my snapping point. I could feel my mind unraveling rapidly; feel everything within me spinning wildly out of control.

"Oh Bethy," he breathed. "Please don't cry." His head fell against mine; he inhaled a shaky breath as he held me tight. He actually seemed genuinely distraught, but I knew he was not genuine about anything, he never had been. A sob lodged in my throat, my broken heart kept beating. "Let me explain love, let me..."

Noise from the hallway cut him off. He stiffened, his hard muscles locking against me. Though I couldn't see him, I could feel the blackness against my back as it crept over him, seeping through his eyeballs, bleeding through his veins. A primitive growl escaped him, his hold on me tightened as running footsteps approached.

Cade slipped further into the shadows, carrying me easily with him as he moved. I started to struggle against him, wanting to be free, wanting to alert the people approaching to the danger that lurked within this room. That had always lurked amongst us. The danger I had so fervently and desperately wanted back. But Cade held me easily and with a rigid strength that was impossible to break free from. We reached the back corner of the room. I had a brief moment of hope as Cade let go with one hand to reach for something behind him. I lurched against him, but he grabbed me back, pinning me against him as three people burst into the room. I had a brief flash of Bret as light filtered on, but Cade had already pulled us into the other ballroom and away from all promise of salvation.

CHAPTER 15

Cade didn't release me until he had carried me deep into the woods. I felt as if we had walked for miles, and going by the strength and speed that I now knew he possessed, we probably had. The moment he set me on my feet, I tried to run. He grabbed hold of my arm and pulled me back with surprisingly gentle ease. I was brought up sharp against his chest, my arms pressed against the hard flex of muscle beneath his blood spattered cotton shirt. His eyes were dark, fierce as he stared at me, but at least they were back to normal now. His eyebrows were drawn sharply together over his nose, his jaw clenched.

I glared defiantly back at him as I struggled to break free of his tight hold. "I am not going to hurt you," he snarled.

"How do I know that?" I demanded breathlessly. "How can I believe anything that you say, anything that you do!?"

He watched me for a moment longer before he released me suddenly. Holding up his hands, he walked a couple of steps away. "Because I have never hurt you before, and I never will."

I blinked at him in surprise, torn by what he was saying, and everything I had just witnessed. What I had just seen. He'd lied to me repeatedly, he'd pretended to be something he wasn't. He'd pretended to be human. I was filled with the heartbreaking certainty that I didn't know him at all. "You've lied to me repeatedly. I have no idea who or what you are."

Anger filtered over his features, though the black did not return to his face, I could sense it lurking just beneath the surface. "You know exactly who I am. I'm the person that's kept you alive. I'm the person you claimed to love."

"But you're not a person," I breathed.

He recoiled as if he'd been slapped. For a moment guilt and uncertainty flared hotly through me. I was ashamed of myself. I didn't know who he was, I wasn't entirely certain what he was, but he had saved my life. Many many times he had saved my life, and no matter how betrayed and deceived I felt I still loved him, I always would. Even if he tried to kill me. I didn't want to cause him any hurt, I didn't want him to feel like I felt right now, but I couldn't stop myself from striking out at him.

Couldn't stop myself for inflicting some measure of hurt on him, because I was so unbelievably hurt by him.

"No," he agreed. "I'm not."

The blunt admission was like a cold blast of water against my heated skin. I had known it, I had seen it, but I hadn't truly believed it until that moment. Hadn't fully understood it until he confirmed every horrible thought, emotion, and fear that tangled within me. "What did they do to you?" I breathed. Even as I asked the question I knew that I was wrong. This hadn't been done to him.

He looked at me over his shoulder, his eyes narrowed as he scowled. There was so much anger in him, so much murderous rage still lingering beneath the surface that I found myself taking an instinctive step away from him. I didn't know him, not anymore, but I was strangely certain that he still wouldn't hurt me. "They didn't do anything to me. I was born this way."

My mouth dropped, my legs began to shake as he confirmed what I had suspected. I thought I was going to fall, thought I was going to melt into a puddle of boneless goop right there on the forest floor. How could I have been so wrong about everything? "How... how is that possible? I've known you..."

My voice trailed off, I leaned heavily against the tree behind me. Cade had been five when his family had moved to town. Cade's family had been wealthy; his father a prominent lawyer whose own father had once been a congressman. Mr. Marshall had been intending to run for office himself when he was killed. Cade's mother had been a teacher in our elementary school and had enrolled Cade there. She'd been a sweet woman who always smelled of raisin cookies and Play-Doh.

Cade and Aiden had been in kindergarten together. A year behind them, I was not yet in school when Aiden brought Cade home for the first time. I remembered that day vividly, I always would. I could recall him standing there, skinny and disheveled, as he'd played catch listlessly with Aiden. I remembered being struck by the fact that he seemed to take no joy in the act of playing as other children would, as Aiden did. Cade had been wearing a spider-man shirt and jeans, and his face had been emotionless, until he'd seen me. I hadn't known it at the time, I was too young I couldn't have, but the shocked look and wide eyes that had transformed his face would forever be in my heart. Forever be a part of me.

Aiden had tried to shoo me away from them, annoyed to have his little sister trying to interrupt his time with his new friend. Cade had insisted that I stay and play with them; he had in fact taught me how to throw the football the best he could with my small hands and uncoordinated movements. He'd come as Aiden's friend, but there had been an instantaneous bond between us. He had never treated me as Aiden's annoying younger sister, he'd always been kind, patient and gentle with me in a way that neither Aiden, nor any of his other friends, ever had been. I hadn't known what love was then, but I did now, and I recognized the fact that I had loved him even then. Had loved him from the moment my eyes landed on him in his comic book gear.

Cade spent the next three years at our home nearly every weekend, and at least a few days a week after school, he would come over. If Aiden went to his house, I would also be invited along, though I wasn't allowed to spend the night when Aiden did. Cade had stopped coming over immediately after his parents were killed in a botched home robbery. He had pretty much faded from my life after that. Though he was placed into foster care, we had continued to go to the same school, but where he had once been a constant presence in my life, a steady friend, he barely spoke to me again. I had been hurt by his abrupt dismissal of me, but I had been a child, and I had moved on. Until the night of my father's funeral, when Cade had come back to me, comforted me and allowed me to cry when I would not cry in front of the others. And then he had disappeared from my life again afterward.

Cade had gone out of his way to avoid me until the attack began, though I'd often caught him watching me in the halls or in class. I hadn't known how to approach him again, hadn't known what to say to him. The older he got the more intimidated I became by his good looks, and the aloof air that set him aside from a lot of the other boys in school. And then there had been Bret, and though I had been acutely aware of Cade still watching me, I had tried to move on with a life that had not included him in almost ten years.

Then The Freezing had occurred, and he hadn't left my side until they had taken him from me. I'd thought they'd killed him, that they were torturing him. Instead they had just brought him home. They had just taken him back to where he belonged, and it was not here, it was not amongst us. It was not with me.

"Lies. All of it, everything. It's all been lies." My voice was choked, hoarse. I could barely think straight let alone speak well as my head spun with the implications. "Oh shit," I moaned, closing my eyes as waves of anguish washed over me. "Oh hell."

"Not all lies," he said softly. "Not everything Bethany. I couldn't fake my love for you."

A single tear slipped free. It left a cool streak on my heated flesh as it ran down my cheek. I didn't know what to believe, what to think. I didn't know which way was north and which way was south. Didn't know if up was down or down was up. The world lurched sickeningly, my hands clutched at the bark of a tree as I struggled to keep from passing out.

Pressing my forehead against the rough bark of the trunk, I clung to it for a long moment as I inhaled deeply and repeatedly. It took a few moments but eventually I was able to regain control of my body, I was not so lucky with my mind or heart. I didn't think I would ever regain control of those.

Finally, I was able to lift my head and look at him again. He had retreated to the other side of the clearing. His arms were folded over his chest, his face and posture defensive as he watched me wearily. I was surprised, and slightly angered, by the hurt I sensed radiating from him. He was angry and hurt? He wasn't the one who had been lied to this entire time. He wasn't the one who had just realized their boyfriend was some kind of monster that fed on blood and whatever else that black thing that oozed from Ian had been seeking when it penetrated me.

His eyes were hooded, distant. "Do you want me to leave?"

"No!" The word popped out of my mouth before I could stop it, out of my mouth before I even had time to consider a response. I wanted to scream in rage and frustration, wanted to pull my hair and stomp around the clearing like a two year old throwing a tantrum. I wanted to tell him yes, that of course I wanted him to leave! He had lied to me. He had been deceiving me for years; my pride and trust were bruised. They were demanding to be salvaged somehow. The word stuck in my throat though. I could only stand there and stare at him, wounded, hurt, confused by everything rapidly unfolding around me.

But the last thing I wanted was for him to leave. The thought of it was even worse than living with my kicked ego. I couldn't lose him again. Not again. But how could I trust him? I knew nothing about him. Or did I?

I watched him as he moved with lithe grace away from the edge of the woods. The shadows played over his hard, enticing features. There was no sign of the blackness, no sign of whatever it was that lurked within him; something that I had never even suspected lurked there until recently. He could have killed me years ago. He hadn't. He could have killed us all; he could have allowed Ian to kill me. Instead, he had killed for us, he had helped us to escape the Cape, and he had exposed himself to me tonight. He had killed for me tonight. One of his own apparently.

I was hurt and I was angry, but I had to listen to him. I owed him that, owed him more in fact, but right now all I could give him was my ear.

I swallowed heavily as he continued to move slowly. He stayed a good distance away from me, but I did not kid myself into thinking he couldn't grab hold of me in an instant. That there wasn't far more power and strength in him than I had ever thought possible. "I'll tell you anything that you want to know."

I took a deep breath. "I want to know it all."

He was silent for a long moment, his shoulders stiffened briefly as he ran a hand through his disheveled hair. "There are some things you aren't going to want to know."

I was certain that there were. I was just as certain that I had to hear them; that I needed to hear them. "I know." His gaze slid to me. "But I have to know Cade. No more secrets." He quirked an eyebrow at me, his head tilted slightly as he watched me. His slow nod encouraged me to go on. I didn't know where to start, but I thought perhaps the beginning would be best. "You've been here since I was a child, how is it possible that you're one of them when they arrived only a year ago?"

He sighed softly, his arms folded over his chest. "We've always been here."

I sputtered; something icy ran through my entire body. I had thought that there was nothing more that could shock me, I knew now I was wrong. I had a feeling that by the time he was done I was going to be shocked a few more times. I braced myself for that eventuality. "Excuse me?" I breathed.

"Over the years, throughout history, we have always been here. Monitoring, watching, keeping track of your developments, and your technologies. We've even aided in some of your own advancements. We've also come in search of food before."

I shuddered. We both knew that when he said food he didn't mean steak. "I'm not sure I understand."

He nodded, took a deep breath, and then plunged in. "Our planet, from what I've heard of it, is similar to earth. Hence our similar appearances. My people raped it, nearly took everything they could from it, drained it of life, blood, and nourishment. When they realized what they had done they began to make trips to find other planets to harvest from. There were fifteen in total."

My eyebrows flew up, my mouth parted on a soft gasp. "Fifteen?"

"There are three left, including Earth that they haven't harvested yet and pushed to the brink of extinction. For now. They've raided those planets, took what they could, and left them behind. There were few survivors left but I'm sure those numbers have increased by now."

My mouth opened, it took me a moment but I finally managed to form a question. "Why would they do that?"

"They destroyed their own planet; do you honestly think they care about others? The survivors were left..."

"For a later time. Another harvest." I felt ill, but the words escaped me before I could stop them. I somehow managed to keep my composure even though I was rapidly unraveling.

"At first, it wasn't that way. At first they just went on missions to collect supplies..."

"People?"

"Not every planet calls themselves people, or humans." That didn't make what he was saying any better. "The supplies were then brought back to our planet for everyone. Some were kept alive, for breeding purposes." Yep, I was going to be ill. "Others were slaughtered outright in order to feed the hungry."

"How did we not notice this?" I demanded.

"It was noticed. There have been mass disappearances throughout history. The lost colony of Roanoke in fifteen ninety, the Anjikuni Eskimo village was nearly two thousand in Nineteen thirty." I choked at the number, gagging at the mere thought of so many lost. So many souls trapped, or taken. And yet it was nothing compared to the numbers we had lost now, numbers that were so high they were almost impossible to comprehend. "In nineteen thirty-seven, near Nanking, three thousand Chinese soldiers disappeared while fighting the Japanese. The USS Cyclops disappeared in nineteen eighteen with three hundred and six sailors aboard. It was considered to be one of the victims of the Bermuda Triangle, a place that supposedly claimed many lives. There was also..."

I held up a hand, warding off any further descriptions of death and horror. Any further description of souls that had been unwillingly taken from Earth. "So long, you've been coming here for so long."

"Even longer. Those are just the ones that were written about. There was a time when people were far more isolated then they are now. It was not hard for an entire group to disappear without drawing any attention. Our society is far more advanced than yours. They are capable of many things that you couldn't even begin to imagine."

Anger spurted through me, I quirked an eyebrow at him. "Obviously," I retorted.

"Is it any worse than humans that kill for pleasure or greed? We were starving."

"You destroyed your own planet!"

"So are you."

Righteous fury simmered through me, a muscle twitched in my cheek, but I could not argue his words. He was right in some ways, but in others he was completely wrong. "It's not the same and you know it. We are not destroying other worlds!"

He sighed softly. "You're right you're not. But if you'd had the ability to find them what do you think might have happened?"

I glared fiercely at him, more enraged by his words than I was his betrayal. "Do not try and justify what your kind has done. I don't know what would have happened, but I do know that we would not have brutally slain so many. We are not you."

He stared at me for a long moment, then the anger left his face and his shoulders slumped slightly. "You're right. Humans may be brutal and thoughtless, but you are nothing like my kind. We may be similar in appearance but that is where all resemblances end, at least for most anyway."

Some of my anger melted at his admission. "Why, why did they keep coming back after taking all of those people? If they kept some for breeding..." I choked on the word, disgusted by its implications.

"Because supply no longer met demand." My eyes widened, I was repulsed by his words, and the coldness with which he delivered them. "My people may be technologically superior, but they are greedy and set in their ways. They are not willing to change; they are unwilling to curb their ferocious appetites for the greater good."

"They'll just continue to ravage planets instead?"

"I didn't say it was a great plan."

"Obviously not."

"I know nothing of my world Bethany. Nothing. I have never seen it and I never will. I barely know anything of my people. I was born on a ship, and I was delivered here when I was two. My people are nearly emotionless, love is not known to them. It is not understood, it is not exchanged. We are cold; we take what we want, when we want it, and we do not take no for an answer. No matter what it is that we want, food, drink or sex, we do not deny ourselves. Ever."

My head fell into my hands, my fingers curled tightly into my hair. Those poor damn people that had been taken, the poor damn people that were now prisoners. For the first time I realized The Frozen Ones might actually have been the lucky ones. "Oh God," I moaned.

"I told you there were things that you wouldn't want to hear." He was right, so unbelievably right, but I didn't tell him to stop either. "They do not think about the consequences of their actions, and they do not care. They're the superior race no matter where they go; they don't have to worry about the outcome. It's what they know, it's who they are."

I was spinning, lost, terrified of his words and their implications. Everything that he was saying didn't sound like him, it sounded nothing like him, but then who was I to judge who he was? "And who are you?" I inquired softly.

Those eyes. They were infinite onyx pools as they gleamed in the moonlight. They were not nearly as black as I knew they could be though, not nearly as black as I had just seen them. "I'm what you made me."

I was stunned, taken aback by his response. I didn't understand it; I most certainly hadn't been expecting it. He watched me intently, but I had no words for him. What the hell did that even mean?

"Before I was captured on the beach I hadn't seen my real parents since I was two, and I saw them only briefly during the time I was gone. Their depth of indifference toward me is only matched by my own indifference to them." My mouth dropped at the revelation, my head spun. How could he not care about his parents, even if he hadn't seen them in years? It made no sense to me, none of it did. The more he revealed, the less and less I felt I knew him. "I was brought to Earth and given to the Marshall's when I was two. The Marshall's were desperate for a child, and they adopted me."

I swallowed heavily. "Why would they give you to the Marshall's of all people?"

"In the Marshall's search for a child they came across one of my kind." At the surprised look on my face he elaborated. "The Marshall's didn't know what it was they were dealing with. There are many of us throughout the world, all holding different positions. They are all in various places of power so that when they finally did arrive here again, it would be easier for them to take over. Easier to get the different governments to concede to certain things. In some countries they were even ruling powers."

I choked, tears streaked down my face as he revealed the stunning depths of the aliens deception. "Adoption agent was a perfect opportunity for my people to place their children in various homes where the child might one day rise to become someone of power. Even the aliens that were here did not know when this attack was going to occur. It depended on when it would become necessary for a new reaping. Mr. Marshall..."

"Was a wealthy lawyer from a political family."

"With political aspirations of his own. With his background, and family money, he could have risen to President."

A jolt of fear tore through me. If he had risen to President, Cade would have been right there with him. He could have heard, and been able to learn so many things that would have been detrimental to the human race. He would have been right there, in the middle of it all, and no one would have thought twice about him because he was Mr. Marshall's son. He would have been living in the freaking White House for crying out loud, the thought made me want to gag. And if the attack on us still didn't come for many years, there was a chance that Cade himself may have one day been elected into our government.

They had been infiltrating us all those years, they'd been living amongst us and gaining control, and we had never known. We'd been sitting ducks. Even if we'd had some kind of warning, we never would have been able to stop them. They knew us to well, they were everywhere, and there was no bringing them down.

I really wanted to sit down. Really wanted to walk away. I didn't want to hear this anymore, but I found my feet wouldn't move. Mainly because I was terrified that my legs would no longer hold me up. The human race had never had a chance to begin with; we had even less of one now that our numbers had been decimated. I slumped against the tree, trying to think, trying to understand, terrified by what little I did understand.

Suddenly all of those times he had seemed tense, distant, exhausted and strained made sense. Those times he had disappeared into the woods, and come back strangely revitalized. He had gone hunting. But what exactly had he been hunting, animals or the Frozen Ones? Nausea twisted in my stomach. How little I knew about the man that had touched me so deeply was unsettling.

"You were only a child when they gave you away. How did they expect you to control your er... appetites? I mean you do drink blood, don't you? You're the one that said those monsters bring the blood back for them. Ian..." I choked on my words. "Ian drank mine."

Fury flashed over his features, for a moment his eyes became completely black again as a snarl curved his upper lip. I took a small step back, a mewl of fear escaped me as I saw the creature lurking just beneath the surface. Cade's surface. I saw the murderous fury he had managed to keep hidden from me for so long. He took a deep breath, the tight set of his shoulders relaxed slightly.

"Don't fear me Bethany."

I had no words for him, my heart ached for the sorrow I heard in his voice, but how I could not fear him? He was truly terrifying when he was enraged to the point of revealing his inner self. "I tried to keep him from you; I tried to keep you from him..." his voice trailed off, his gaze settled on something far off and distant. "It's my fault, I should have done more."

"There was nothing you could have done about tonight," I whispered.

His eyes latched onto me, hardness slipped over his beautiful features. For the first time he appeared truly alien to me in the gleaming light of the moon. "I could have killed him sooner. I should have killed him sooner."

My mouth dropped, a cold chill ran down my spine. He meant it. He would have killed Ian sooner if he'd known that tonight was going to happen. He would have killed him in cold blood, and he wouldn't have blinked an eye. I wanted to cry, he was darker than I'd ever imagined, ever thought possible. And he had killed for me tonight, and I knew with unfailing certainty that he would do so again. "Cade..."

"Make no mistake Bethany, you come first. Always. No matter what happens, after tonight, you need to realize that your safety is number one. No matter what the cost or who I have to go through to ensure it."

"Oh Cade."

He stared at me for a moment longer, his head tilted slightly to the side. "The hunger for something other than food doesn't awaken until we reach fifteen, and neither do our other abilities." It took me a moment to realize that he was answering my last question; that he did not want to elaborate on his last statement. "By then we are better able to deal with our urges. We can control all our appetites if we so chose. We are capable of surviving on meat if necessary, a lot of it, and preferably raw." I jolted in shock, my eyes widened. It took everything I had not to vomit. Oh God, oh God! My mind was screaming, hammering, pulsing with adrenaline and terror. Meat. Raw meat. All those strange urges, all the differences. My head bowed, I was struggling to breathe.

"Though under times of great duress, activity, and stress meat does not suffice and it becomes necessary to feed on real blood. There are others way to feed our need for a soul and humans are not the only things that possess a soul," he continued, apparently not realizing how sever my reaction to his words was. "There are other ways to fulfill that need, and it does not have to destroy, or even hurt the person, or creature. I just need to take caution not to lose control."

"So then why are they doing this?" I was stunned by the pleading desperation in my voice. Stunned by the desperation and longing that surged through me. What I really wanted to ask was why had they done this to me? Why had those creatures changed me on some physical level? What had they done to me? But I could not force the words out, I could barely admit it to myself, let alone admit it to someone else. And not Cade, not now. "Why?" I choked out.

His eyes softened, compassion shone from them. For the first time since this had all started I saw the Cade I had come to know and love beneath the hardened facade he had been exhibiting. "Bethany..."

"My mother... Please just tell me why!?"

His face hardened again, his ice were black ice once more. "Because they can, because they're hungry. Because they don't curb their hungers. It's why they're in this mess in the first place, why they had to abandon their own ravished planet to begin with."

A sob escaped me, and then a fiery rage surged through me. I straightened away from the tree, finding strength where moments ago there had been none. "My mother is dead, millions of people's lives- no billions of people's lives- have been ruined because they can't control their hunger!?"

Was I going to become like that too? The question didn't leave my mouth though.

Cade watched me for a long moment, before nodding. "Yes."

His flat answer momentarily spiked my fury. Why wasn't he as indignant and infuriated by this as I was? "Damn you!" I snarled.

Hurt flickered in his gaze; he took a step toward me and then stopped. "Damn me? I didn't do

this! I kept you alive."

I shook my head, but I could feel everything within me crumbling again. My anger deflated like a popped balloon. It was hard; it was all so freaking hard. I felt like I was spinning out of control, as if everything was spinning out of control.

"I've kept you alive for a very long time."

My head snapped up at his words. I didn't understand what the hell he meant by that. "Excuse me?"

He sighed softly. "Ever since the moment I saw you Bethany, I knew. I'd never had emotions before then, never experienced feelings; my kind doesn't have those things. It's not supposed to happen to us. Ever. I was supposed to be too young to have felt the hunger, The Calling, when we first met. It wasn't supposed to happen for another ten years. The Calling is what we call the desire we acquire to touch and taste a soul. When it happens, we feel as if the soul is calling to us, beckoning us to feed from it, to savor it, and gain strength from what it has to offer."

"Pardon our souls, damn things should just keep quiet," I muttered bitterly.

"Not helping," he grated. "You have no idea what it is like to deny The Calling, hour after hour, day after day. No idea what it is like to suppress that hunger, that desire; that need, especially when I am around you." I stared angrily at him, but I clenched my jaw and bit my tongue on my sharp retort. I had seen that hunger burning in his eyes, I had felt his desire for something more from me; I just hadn't recognized it for what it was. Hadn't recognized what it was that he really wanted from me. "The Calling of your soul is so strong, and vibrant, and I want you so badly. I would give anything for just..."

He closed his eyes, his hands fisted as he broke off. For a brief moment ecstasy and then tension and pain twisted his features. "A taste?" I whispered unable to stop the thrill that tore through me at the thought. He wanted me desperately, but he had never touched me in such a way. I was certain of that, I had felt it with Ian, I would most certainly have felt it if Cade had ever done that to me.

"Yes," he hissed. His excitement and desire were clearly evident in that one simple word. "But I can't. Ever. At least not with you. Never you."

"Why not me?" It was a strange question to ask. Especially when I should be happy that he wasn't going to drain me dry, instead of feeling oddly deflated and rejected by such a proposition.

For a moment he remained unable to look at me, and then slowly his eyes opened and he focused sharply upon me. "Because I don't think I could stop myself from taking all of you into me. I have never done that before, never drained a living creature completely of their essence. But yours, ah yours," his voice was soft, almost seductive with yearning. "I want every bit of you inside of me. I want to taste you and feel you until I can't take anymore, and then I want to keep on taking until I'm completely sated, and I don't think I'll ever be sated. Not with you."

I stared at him in wide eyed astonishment. I thought I should be more horrified by what he was saying, what he was telling me, but instead I was oddly titillated by it. Just what the hell did that say about me? I wondered. Though I wasn't entirely sure I wanted the answer, I was fairly certain it didn't say anything good.

"The moment I saw you." His eyes became distant, almost wistful as he began to pace restlessly. He reminded me of a caged, wild panther. I watched him in fascination, my eyes following every movement he made. "I felt it. I felt the hunger, the burning need, felt The Calling in my veins. I didn't know what it was. I wasn't supposed to experience it for another ten years, but it was suddenly there, alive and clawing at me with an intensity that no five year old should have to experience. I am thankful everyday that I didn't destroy you, then and there, to satisfy my craving for what was coursing through you. What was pulsing through your veins, and beating against my body."

My mouth went dry; I hugged myself against his words, stunned by the intensity in them. The yearning. "Why didn't you?" I asked tremulously.

"Because the minute I saw you standing there in that little blue dress, with those golden pigtails, it awakened something else in me. Something more than just The Calling. I'd never known emotions, never known what it was like to care for someone, to want to be with someone, and protect them. And I wanted to be with you every damn day. I never wanted to be apart from you. You were so beautiful to me, so bright and shining and I relished in the newfound emotions you brought to me. Your laugh was captivating, it ensnared me; your smile fascinating.

"I didn't have it in me to love someone at all before then, not my real parents, not even the Marshall's. Never mind to love someone as much as I loved you in that moment, but I did and that love only grew with every minute we shared together. Minutes I cherished every day. I didn't know what the emotion of love was, I was too shocked by its sudden burst into me to completely understand it, but I knew I would spend the rest of my life looking after you, caring for you, and keeping you safe from the danger that I knew lurked outside of this world that you felt so secure in.

"You made me this way Bethany, you created me. You turned me into something that I was never supposed to be. Your essence called to me so fiercely that it awakened The Calling in me and awakened it long before it was supposed to be awakened. You made me feel when I was never supposed to. As far as I know, I am the only one that has ever happened to, but I'm sure if it has happened to anyone else they have also kept it a secret. They would have done everything possible to keep the person they loved safe."

My heart melted, I could only stand there in stunned silence as I listened to him. His words were so fervent and passionate that I was struck breathless by them. They were beautiful; his love for me was rare and wondrous, even if it was strange and extraordinary. He was beautiful, and even though I wasn't, I realized now just how beautiful he thought I was. How beautiful he had always thought I was.

"I didn't know," I whispered, aching for the fear and uncertainty such a young boy must have felt when it happened. He had been unprepared, all alone, frightened, and hungry. That such a young child had restrained from taking what he wanted, when that was what his kind apparently did all the time anyway, was astonishing. That he had done it for me was astronomical. "I'm sorry you had to go through that alone."

"I was never alone Bethany, not with you there."

A sob tore free of me, a wrenching agony twisted through my chest. So poignant, so deep and heartfelt, and yet so lost. "I didn't realize, until all of this happened, that I had always loved you. That I had from that first moment also. I knew it on some basic, instinctive level that I had buried deep within me in order to keep from being hurt by you again. Because you did go away, you did leave me Cade. You weren't there. After the Marshall's died, you only ever came back to me the night of my father's funeral. And then you never came back again."

His smile was self depreciating. "I didn't want you to know what I was Bethany, ever. I never wanted you to know what I was, what I struggled with. I simply wanted you to see the good in me, to love the good in me. The good that you gave to me, that without you I never would have had. I couldn't bear for you to see the evil in me. I had to go away Bethany, and I couldn't come back ii I was going to keep you safe."

"Why?" I whispered, my lip trembling. Emotions ricocheted through me faster than a bullet in a metal room. "Why did you have to go? You never would have hurt me Cade. You controlled The Calling as a boy of five, why couldn't you do the same at seven, ten, or even fifteen?"

"Because they would have killed you too."

I started in surprise. "Who would have killed me too?"

He took a step closer to me. I could see the yearning in his gaze for me, his desire to hold me, to have me understand. "The Marshall's were not killed during a random home invasion. They were killed because of me."

"I don't understand," I whispered.

"We don't feel emotion Bethany. We don't care for anything other than ourselves and our gratification. We don't exhibit love for anyone. I was young; I was unbelievably stunned to have met you. I was in love, and though I thought I hid that fact well, I didn't. My kind noticed something in me, something different, but they miscalculated where that difference came from. They had assumed that it was the Marshall's I had come to feel for. After I met you I did grow to like them, they were nice enough people, but I still felt little for them other than thanks for providing me with shelter and food. My love for you did not spread to others. I cared for them more than I had before, but their deaths did not overly sadden me.

"But after they were murdered I knew I had to stay away from you. My kind couldn't realize that they had been wrong, that it was you that had changed me. They would have killed you then, and they would not have been as kind about it as they had been to the Marshall's."

I had been struggling all along to remain standing. My legs finally gave up the battle. Sliding down the bark of the trunk, I stared at him in stunned silence, unable to fully process all that he was saying. Horror filled me, I was half afraid I might vomit. "They died because of me?" I croaked out.

Cade was suddenly before me. There was so much sorrow in his eyes, so much pain in his expression as his hands gently clasped hold of my cheeks. "They died because of me Bethany, because I was not strong enough to hide my newfound feelings, because I could not control what I felt for you. I promised myself that I would stay away from you after that, that I would keep my distance and keep you safe, no matter what I had to do to make sure of it. No matter how much it killed me to stay away when you were the only thing I wanted, the only thing I thought of. It didn't matter how much it hurt me, how much your feelings were hurt, I had to keep you alive. I had to keep you away from them and I did everything I could to ensure your survival."

My chest was so constricted with love and sorrow that I could hardly breathe. "The night of my dad's funeral..."

"Your pain was so intense I could feel it all the way across town. No we aren't empath's," he explained at my questioning, stunned look. "But I'm bonded to you somehow, I always have been. I'm connected to you in an intense, intimate way that cannot be broken. I couldn't stay away from you that night, couldn't let you go through that alone. I had to come to you because your pain was my pain. I wished every day after that I could return to you, but I couldn't risk it. I just couldn't."

I didn't realize I was crying until he wiped the tears from my cheeks. Didn't realize how badly I ached for him until he bent and kissed me gently. "Even now," he breathed against me. His breath was warm, sweet, and reassuring against my flesh. "I should have stayed away from you, I should have stayed gone. I felt your grief for me, your pain and loss even through the distance separating us. I struggled to keep my own agony concealed from them, struggled to convey to them that I was still one of them. That I wasn't different, and I did well with it. I couldn't leave right away though, couldn't flee. To run from them would have put you in even more danger, they would have hunted me, searched for me relentlessly. I had to stay away, but I couldn't bare your anguish, I had to give you hope..."

"My dream," I whispered in awe.

"Yes, I wanted you to move on..."

"I couldn't. I never could. I tried and I accepted the fact that you were wrong but I couldn't move on from you Cade. It's not, it's not like that with me, I simply couldn't..."

"Shh love, I know. I understand." He kissed my cheeks gently as my voice broke off on a wrenching sob that lodged in my chest. "But your life could continue on with some hope in it; that was all I wanted to give you. And to hold you once more, even if it was just in a dream. But when they hurt you..." His words trailed off, his jaw clenched as his eyes simmered with black fire. "If you were killed, I would have known it. I felt your pain through my bond to you, to feel your death...

He inhaled a shuddery breath, for a brief moment the black shifted throughout his entire eye again. I was breathless as I watched him slowly reel the fury and despair back in. "I couldn't live with that, I would have snapped. I had vowed to keep you safe my entire life, and in that moment I knew I had failed. I couldn't stay away from you anymore; I couldn't let them hurt you again. I convinced my kind that I would be more useful on the ground, as I knew more about humans and was more adept at blending in with them, and they agreed to let me come back. They don't know where I am, but they believe that I am on their side. If they find me, if they catch us together, what they will do to you..."

"I don't care," I gushed out terrified that he would leave just so such a thing didn't happen.

"I do and you will. But to leave you unprotected again, I can't." His fingers threaded through my hair, pushing it gently away from my face. His voice was fervent, he clung desperately to me. "I can help keep you safe Bethany. Those things won't get hold of you again as long as I'm around. Whatever you decide, whatever you want me to do, I'll do it. If you want me to leave..." His hands tightened on me briefly, a small shudder of agony ran through his body. "I will. Anything you want. Anything."

I opened my mouth to respond, to tell him that I never wanted him to leave me. That though I was wounded, betrayed; aching with loss and confusion, I loved him just as much as he loved me. That I needed him just as badly as he needed me. We could deal with this. We would deal with this together.

But he placed his finger over my mouth before I could respond. "But there is one more thing that you need to know before you make your choice. One thing that could make you hate me forever."

"That's not possible," I murmured around his finger. "I don't hate you now."

"You don't know the worst thing I've done. There is something else I've kept from you."

I swallowed heavily, fear trickled through me. I was certain that no matter what he said, it couldn't possibly get any worse than everything that had been revealed tonight. Whatever else he had kept from me, I could take it, and we would be fine. But the fear in his eyes, the beaten look in his gaze caused doubts to filter through me. What could he possibly have done to make him look like a kicked puppy so badly?

"Ok, tell me," I said softly.

I held my breath, my hands fisted, as I braced myself for whatever it was he was about to say. "No matter what happens, no matter what you decide about me, you cannot allow Bishop to take anymore of your blood."

My breath exploded out of me, my hands relaxed as my body was rocked with shock. I had not been expecting that, not at all. I had expected that he had lied and there were other women, or even other aliens, or something, anything other than that. "Why not?"

His gaze searched mine; his hands were gentle yet strong against my face. "You are not completely human Bethany, not anymore."

I had not been expecting that either.

CHAPTER 16

I froze, trapped like a deer in the headlights as I searched his face, looking for some sign he was kidding. Some sign that he was going to yell "Gotcha!" at any moment. Some sign that this was some sick, twisted joke that only an alien, with their quirky sense of humor would understand. Some sign that he was lying to me.

But there was none.

He simply stared at me, his eyes willing me to understand. Willing me to believe what he was saying. I frowned at him, confused, lost, baffled by his words. Then, slowly, a dawning sense of horror began to encase me. All of the changes I had sensed growing within me. The speed, the growing grace as my inherent clumsiness seemed to fade. The cravings. Meat, especially raw meat he had said. A gurgle, half sob and half hysterical laughter, surged up my throat.

It wasn't what those creatures had done to me I realized. It wasn't some strange alien germ that had infiltrated my wounds and begun to infect me. Their attacks on me aren't what had brought forth the strange changes I felt coalescing through my body. It was him. "What did you do to me!?" I demanded.

He remained immobile, his eyes didn't even flicker. "The ships started leaking gas into the air supply two weeks prior to The Freezing," he explained instead of telling me what he had done. "The gas was odorless, tasteless, and undetectable to the human race. It's not something your kind had ever heard of before, and to breathe it caused no ill harm unless it was coupled with a high frequency sound that most people cannot hear. Then it caused the muscles to freeze, the organs to shut down, and the brain to become suspended. It's something similar to what you would know as cryogenics."

"But cryogenics doesn't work," I mumbled.

"Yet, it doesn't work yet. And only because humans haven't mastered it yet."

I was in a state of shock, I felt as if I were trying to wade through a swamp but becoming constantly mired in place by mud. "Your kind has though."

"Yes. They also designed it so that it would not affect people with type O blood."

My eyes snapped back to his, I struggled to shake the strange stupor clinging to me. "Why?" I breathed.

"For the hunt, for the thrill. Humans are the most dangerous game after all. Type O is the most popular blood type, but there wouldn't be enough left to be a serious threat, or at least that's what they believe. They're murderers; they enjoy the fear, the pleasure of hunting and torturing their kill. However, the human population outnumbered theirs. They couldn't take the risk that your kind could cause severe damage, and massive casualties to them. They wanted the hunt, but they also wanted the assurance that they could win. It was decided to leave that number of the population mobile, while being able to easily capture and use the others for food and pleasure. Not everyone will be killed during the reaping process though."

"They'll be left behind for a later time." I was finding it more and more difficult to breathe. The neck of my shirt suddenly felt too tight as it squeezed my windpipe. I slid my finger into it and tugged anxiously at it. I needed to breathe, I couldn't breathe. "For breeding," I choked. "For their children to restock Earth, maybe even my children." I shuddered, I was going to throw up, no I would not have kids; I would never allow them to go through this misery. Never let them experience this terror, loss, sadness. And I most certainly would not lose them to the monsters hunting us now. "No children."

His eyes were sad, he leaned closer to me. "Bethany..."

I shook my head, devastated by what he was telling me. I'd never really thought about children before, I'd assumed that one day I'd have them but they were never a real thought or plan in my life. I was stunned by the sense of loss that filled me. "No."

"You don't have to give that up Bethany. Your dreams..."

"Are changing every day. I'm not even sure I have them anymore Cade, there's no guarantee past today. I simply want to enjoy every day that I get from here on out. Besides, could we... um is it even possible?"

Red crept up my cheeks as my hands closed around his. "I don't know if conception is possible, but sex is."

My face was on fire as I managed a small nod. "But if it is, our child, what would it be?"

He shook his head. "There's no way to know Bethany, our breeding period is different than a humans. Our gestation is six months, the labor is not as intense, but our babies are larger. There is no way to know what would happen to you, what it would do to you, and it's not a chance I am willing to take. Not with you." He took a deep breath, something dark flickered through his eyes. "It doesn't have to be me Bethany."

I was stunned, shocked by his words. "Cade..."

His hands tightened on mine, he leaned closer, his eyes narrowed intently. "It's not something I want Bethany. The idea of it..." He shuddered; his entire eye became completely black again. "It would shred me, but if you want a child..."

"No!" I cried, aghast at his words. "Cade that's not what I want. That's not what I meant."

"You deserve to have as much of a normal life as you can have under these circumstances. You deserve to have everything that you want in this life. You could even come back to me; I would take you back always."

"No! Stop it Cade! Stop it!" I was infuriated at his words, shaken by the fact that he thought I would do such a thing. "How could you think I would do that? What do you think of me?"

"I think you're amazing. I also think that you deserve everything that this world has left to offer you, things I can't offer you. I think I would do anything to see you happy even if it destroyed me. That's what I think of you Bethany, that's what I think of us. If one day you decide you want to have a child I will support you any way I can."

"I don't want a child Cade, not in this world, not to be hunted, afraid and hungry..."

"It may not always be like that."

Anger flared hotly through me. "And I most certainly would not want another man's child Cade. If we cannot have children then I will not have them. I'm ok with that. I am not ok with this conversation though so please stop, please."

He sighed softly as he nodded slowly. "If that's what you want."

Though he said it, I knew he did not agree with it, or even consider the matter completely dropped as his eyes remained entirely black. I wasn't willing to continue with the conversation, not when there were other more important things. "Why do you think I'm not completely human? What did you do Cade?"

He took hold of my hands, but they still felt eerily cold within his warm grip. "You're not one of the Frozen Ones because of me love." I stared at him, but I was having a hard time focusing on him. Here was my answer, finally, and I wasn't sure that I wanted to hear it anymore. "Because I was able to change you."

I struggled to see him, struggled to make out the face I loved so much through my suddenly blurred vision. "I don't understand; how is that possible?"

He rubbed his hands over mine, his eyes distant as they slowly returned to the eyes I knew so well. "Don't hate me."

I swallowed the tight lump in my throat heavily. "Cade, what did you do?" I whispered.

"When they told me that they were going to start to release the gas soon, and who they intended to effect with it, I was determined to find out what your blood type was. I had to know what would become of you and if there was some way that I could stop it. I was able to get a hold of your medical records." I didn't ask how, I was certain he could do anything he put his mind to. Hell for all I knew my doctor was one of them too. "I considered allowing you to freeze and trying to keep you safe after that, but I knew there was no way I could guarantee your safety, or any certainty that I would be able to wake you up again. There was no way to know if they would kill you immediately if I brought you to one of the holding cells. To move you..."

I shook my head at him. I knew how hard it would have been to move me, to keep me safe in that state. We had lost my mom, and Peter, soon after The Freezing had occurred. It had been so difficult to keep my mother alive, so hard to even get her even that far into our journey. I didn't need to hear it from him now, not when I already knew how hard it was.

"There was only one thing I could do, no matter how dangerous it would be for you. I gave you some of my blood." My eyes shot up, my mouth dropped. I could only sit there and gape at him stupidly. "It was a risk, the biggest risk I have ever taken. My kind has performed many experiments on humans over the centuries; giving them our blood has been given to humans in the past. Few have survived."

My insides were curdling up, but they were no longer the same insides that I had been born with. I recalled Bishop's words about my abnormal cells and I wanted to cry. That hunger, that craving. Iron deficiency my ass, I thought derisively. I wanted to scream, I wanted to rip out my hair as I fled headlong into the woods, running until I simply couldn't run anymore.

"I had to take the chance that you would survive the infusion of my blood into your system. You wouldn't have kept moving after The Freezing if I didn't take the chance. I hoped that my intense reaction to you, and the way that you affected me meant that you were special, that you would be able to handle my blood when most wouldn't. That there was a reason I had met you; that you would survive whatever it did to you. After I gave it to you I monitored you carefully, watched you constantly. I searched for any sign that something might go drastically wrong. But you seemed to be doing well with it, thankfully. I didn't know what I was going to do if it went the other way, it wasn't a possibility I wanted to consider. If you had died..."

He broke off, anguish twisted his features. His hands tightened on my face, he leaned even closer. His onyx eyes filled my vision; I could feel his desperate need for my forgiveness, my understanding. I was still too shocked to offer him anything more than numbed silence at the moment. "My blood inside of you was how I was able to find you again; it was also how I was able to enter your dream. My blood linked us permanently; I'll always be able to find you anywhere as long as you want me to. It's how I found you the day of The Freezing, how I was able to save you."

My eyes widened in surprise. I had thought it was just a lucky coincidence that Cade had been near the store that day; instead he had been following me, preparing to intervene when everything I knew went to hell. The depth of everything I had never known or suspected was staggering. My head was spinning, my heart lumbered painfully in my chest as I struggled to keep a tight grip on my unraveling composure.

"When did you do this? How did you do this?"

"Graduation. I was able to put some of my blood into your drink when you went to the bathroom."

I had been roofied with alien blood at my brother's graduation. I found sick humor in that knowledge. "What happened to the other people that survived?"

Cade closed his eyes, looking slightly pained. "They began to exhibit differences at a cellular level. They were studied for awhile, but ultimately destroyed when it was determined that the effects were nothing more than abnormal blood cells."

"How long?"

"What?"

I cleared my throat as I struggled to get the words out. "How long were they allowed to live for, and studied, before they were killed?"

"A month, maybe two."

I winced at his words. I had been alive for almost five months since he had slipped me his blood. More than double the amount of time than any of the others. "Why didn't they keep them alive for longer?"

"They're not good creatures Bethany."

"I know that Cade, believe me I know that. Why?"

"I believe they grew bored with them."

A single tear slid down my face, my head bowed as I gagged at his words. I knew they were right, that he was right about why they had destroyed the people so soon after they had survived the infusion of alien blood. "So there is no way to know if I will become a monster or not?"

"Bethany you will not become a monster."

"You can't know that!" I cried. All of those strange little differences I had noticed in me. So many of them, but the damn hunger... That was the worst. And it was only getting stronger. What was I? What had he done? "You can't know what you created! You can't know what I may do tomorrow or the next or the..."

He grabbed hold of my shoulders, grasping me tight. "I know you!" he said fiercely. "And no matter what changes this may bring in you, it will never change your essence. It will never change who you are."

I wanted to believe him, but there was no way to know for sure. No way to know what I'd become. Tears filled my eyes; I bit hard on my bottom lip to keep from crying. What if I became emotionless, cold? What if I hurt someone? I couldn't imagine drinking blood, or having someone's soul call out to me. I couldn't begin to fathom devouring someone's blood and soul.

"I don't want to hurt anyone," I moaned.

"You won't Bethany!" he said fervently. "You won't. You don't have that in you, and if it ever comes to the day where you might, I'll take you away," he rushed out when I opened my mouth to protest. "I will keep you safe no matter what it takes. I will take care of you no matter the consequence as long as you'll allow me to."

I looked sadly at him; I wanted to tell him everything I was experiencing. I found that I couldn't. Not now. I was terrified by what was happening to me, but he didn't need to know about it. Not yet. Maybe not ever. He felt bad enough for everything that had happened, he didn't need this on top of it. I told myself this, but I knew the real reason was that I was too cowardly to say it out loud. If I did, it would be true, if I uttered the words allowed there would be no more denying what was going on inside of me.

"Abby and Aiden..."

"I will keep them safe also. With my life I will keep you, and everyone that you love, safe. I will not allow you to be destroyed. What I did was selfish, so incredibly selfish and I'm sorry for it, but I simply couldn't bear the thought of living without you. Of having you die in such a way. I didn't know what else to do to keep you safe."

"What if I'd been one of the ones that died?" I was not angry that he had taken this chance with my life without my permission; I would have been dead if he hadn't, or I would have been trapped, frozen in preparation of those hideous things hunting me down. That was a fate worse than death in my opinion.

Blackness momentarily filtered through his eyes again. "I don't know what I would have done; I wouldn't have survived being the one that destroyed you. I didn't allow myself to think about that consequence. All I thought of, all I wanted was to save you. Please Bethany." His hands were desperate, crushing as he pulled me against him. "Please forgive me."

I burst into tears. I was terrified, confused, but the aching torment I heard in his voice was ripping at my insides. How could I tell him that there was something wrong with me, that he may very well have inadvertently destroyed me, when all he had wanted was to keep me alive and safe? He had sacrificed everything, everything for me. He had gone behind my back, and turned me into something different, but he had done it because he loved me. And I would have done the same. I knew that with fierce certainty as I clung to him, pulling at him with an intensity that shocked even me. I needed him. I wanted him. I would forever belong to him and be a part of him. I had been unaware of the fact that he was a part of me, engrained in my cells, bonded with me right down to my DNA.

I thought I should be mad, I wasn't. He'd risked his life to save mine, he was willing to do anything to ensure my happiness, even step aside if I wanted him to. "There's nothing to forgive," I breathed against his warm neck.

"I betrayed you, I..."

"I would have done the same. To you. For you."

"Bethany."

The way he groaned my name caused shivers of desire to race up and down my spine. My muscles turned to Jell-O. I was putty in his hands. "That's what Ian meant." I said pulling slightly back as realization dawned.

Cade frowned at me; the mention of Ian caused fury to flit briefly over his features. "What he meant when?" he grated.

"When he said to me, 'He's inside of you. You smell and taste like him you know.' I hadn't understood it at the time, but he must have somehow sensed your blood inside of me. Perhaps when he drank it, or when he tried to get inside of me with that..."

"What!?" Cade snarled. I recoiled slightly, my eyes wide as black fury filled his eyes. I didn't know if it was the fact that he was so enraged, or the fact that I now knew the truth, but for the first time his control slipped completely as lines of black zigzagged rapidly across his face and down his neck.

"It came out of him, it oozed..." I stuttered out. "It hurt like that thing did, but not..." Cade swore violently as he released me. He rose with grace and deadly speed, launching to his feet as he stormed around the forest. His hands were fisted; his arms shook with barely controlled rage. I drew my legs against my chest, suddenly frightened as the blackness began to seep down his neck. It was not him that I was afraid of, he would never hurt me, but his reaction to what Ian had done terrified me. "Cade, you're scaring me."

I barely recognized him as he spun toward me. It seemed as if the devil himself was seeping throughout Cade's body, highlighting every vein as even his arms began to turn black. I imagined it ran all the way down his chest as well. Perhaps it even started at his heart and pulsed out with every fierce beat instead of originating at his eyes, like I'd first thought.

He took a step toward me and suddenly I understood where so many horror legends had been born. Vampires, succubae, demons, of course evil aliens, and probably a host of other monsters. They all had gotten their start here, in Cade's face, in his eyes, in his heritage. Those myths had been created by people who had been terrified to see this same exact visage. Who had witnessed one of these creatures drinking from a human, who had seen the black cloud that Ian had emitted, and the blackness that engulfed Cade. The stories had been twisted; there were no vampire teeth. Succubae were not all women, and demons did not come from the depths of hell. Or at least I didn't think they did, because I was fairly certain now that they had originated from the sky.

Cade's face slowly returned to normal, but his eyes remained a solid black. He came back to kneel slowly before me. The white's of his eyes became apparent again as he clasped hold of me. His hands were on my face once more, stroking, demanding as he tilted my face to his. "How long was he inside of you Bethany?"

I shook my head, biting on my bottom lip. "It seemed like forever, it hurt..." I broke off as his face flooded once more. "I don't think it was very long," I blurted quickly in the hopes that it would ease some of the fury radiating from him.

I didn't dare tell him I had nearly passed out from it; he seemed on the verge of snapping once more. His eyes searched mine intently, he leaned closer to me. "I don't think he took much."

I shuddered, not at all liking that statement. I didn't want to think about Ian taking anything from me. Something passed over Cade's features, his hands tightened on me. "What if he did, how would I know? What would it do to me?"

He shook his head. "Less of a soul, perhaps a little less human."

My eyes widened, my hands fisted as terror tore through me. "I'm already less human," I blurted. "I can't be any less than that Cade, I simply can't!"

"I'm sure that you are fine Bethany. I would see the difference already, I would feel it. He would have wanted to draw out the torture, extend it for as long as possible. In order to do so he wouldn't take much from you."

"So he said," I muttered bitterly. "He wanted to punish me, but mostly he wanted to punish you."

Despair twisted his features. "I promise you that no one will ever touch you like that again." I tried to find solace in his words, but I was terrified, and I was suddenly very cold. "Let's get you out of here. You're freezing."

He helped me to my feet, but it was not the chilly air that was causing my shivers to increase. It was the icy chill that encompassed my bones, encompassed my soul. Even now there may be something growing inside of me, twisting me, changing me into someone that I may not know. I couldn't even trust my own body, couldn't trust myself anymore. I tilted me head back to look up at him, his jaw was locked, his gaze focused ahead as he led me through the forest. He was beautiful, nearly perfect, but that beauty hid something dark, something hard and cold that I had never know resided beneath that magnificent exterior. Something that warmed only to me. Abby had told me once that I was the only one Cade warmed to; I had wanted to tell her she was wrong that he was not as cold as he appeared, but I'd never lied to my sister and I hadn't then. She'd been right, I'd known it, but I hadn't truly gotten it until now.

The only thing human about Cade was me.

Without me he was just as harsh, brutal, and volatile as the rest of his kind. A fact that he had proven with his swift and unremorseful slaughter of Ian. The good in him was really good, but the viciousness within him was just as engrained and just as encompassing. I shuddered to think what he would become, what he would do if something ever did happen to me. It would be horrible.

"Can they be defeated?"

He shook his head, sadness crept over him. "I don't know Bethany. The way we stand now, no. If we could find a larger group of survivors we may be able to put up a bigger fight, but I'm not sure if that's going to happen. For now, it's probably best if we lay low; try to survive until we find a safer place to stay. They normally don't stay in one place too long, they tend to get bored. The other planets they've taken over did not possess human intelligence." He turned to me, his eyes slowly scanning over me. "Or your fierce survival instinct. They've known all along humans would be their biggest fight."

"Good," I replied forcefully. They may be kicking our asses, but I took pride in the fact that they were also afraid of us. They'd had to decimate our population in order to cripple us as badly as they had. "What are those creatures that are hunting us Cade? Are they like you? Are they pets? What are they?"

He sighed softly, his arm wrapped around my shoulder as he pulled me closer to his side. "They were genetically engineered for another planet, one that my kind could not survive on due to the air being inhospitable for them. They were set loose to collect blood and bring back survivors in order to harvest the souls. It wasn't until Earth, and the large population it possessed, that the victims were frozen first to keep the resistance down. An ingredient to wake the people was added to the creatures."

"Why did they do that though? Why do they want them to reawaken?"

"Because they enjoy the suffering."

"Of course they do," I muttered bitterly.

"It is only extreme pain that will wake people from The Freezing, only those things. It's why I never told you about it, why I never tried to have your mother reawakened."

"I would have lost her either way."

His hand tightened on my shoulder, he hugged me tighter against him. "I'm sorry Bethany, if there was something I could have done..."

"It's ok, I know. She's not in pain now; she never had to know that kind of pain thankfully. Was she aware of her death?" The words choked out of me, I had asked the question but I wasn't sure I wanted the answer.

"No, they aren't aware of what is happening to them." Relief filled me; tears of joy filled my eyes. She hadn't suffered, she hadn't known. It was more solace than I'd ever hoped to find in the senseless and malicious death of my mother. "Their brain is immobilized also. I'm sure if there was a way for them to figure out how to shut everything down, and keep the brain running they would, but thankfully they haven't conquered that bit of cruelty yet."

I shuddered at the thought. "Thankfully."

"It is a new technology, one that they haven't mastered yet, but they wanted to make sure that their creatures, or pets if you will, were at the very least able to reawaken the humans and they wanted to make sure they suffered in the awakening. They also had to make sure that the humans that were awakened again were kept immobile until they could be brought to a holding area."

"And that pain definitely keeps someone immobile."

His hand tightened on my arm. "I wish I could take that from you."

I shook my head, brushing back a loose strand of hair. "I'm glad I know, I suppose." I wished that I could forget, but it was something I was stuck with, and I was glad I knew what those other people were going through. "You knew that when you hurt Peter though."

"I didn't burn Peter; he wasn't a bad old man I wouldn't hurt him for no reason."

"But I smelled hair..."

"I heal fast." I gaped up at him. He hadn't hurt Peter after all, even if it had been only to make us realize that normal pain wasn't enough to help them. Maybe there was a little more human in him than I had thought.

"Those things don't drain the soul?"

"No. That's only us."

"Have they always been able to mimic a human being?"

I didn't like the dark look that crossed his face, nor the tight set of his clenched jaws. "That is a new talent," he said slowly. "One that I didn't even know about, but the leaders don't share all of their secrets, especially not with the ones of us that have been put on Earth."

"Why not?"

He shrugged absently. "We're not privy to the inner circle, not once we're placed here. Our main duties are to infiltrate and report our findings. The politics that play out amongst the leaders have little impact on our lives. I was only told when the invasion was going to happen a month before graduation."

"I see." I frowned as I thought over his words. "If this hadn't happened, you never would have come for me would you have? You would have let me stay with Bret."

His hand tightened on me, he was silent for a long moment. "I hated you with him, I truly did, but yes I would have left you alone to live your own life. If I thought they would have allowed me to be with you, to marry you, I would have come for you in a heartbeat but though we do not have children with them we are only allowed to marry influential and powerful people, if we marry people at all. I was to marry one of my kind, she was adopted by couple who possessed old money and lots of power. It was a match that was made as soon as I was placed with the Marshall's, we were going to meet at college and marry after graduation. I've never met her."

Pain flashed through me, I could only gape at him. He was so cold, so analytical about marrying a girl he'd never even known. And he would have, I was certain of it. "If I'd ever hinted that I wanted to marry you, wanted to be with you, they would have killed you. If I'd tried to deny the arrangement they would have killed me."

"You would have married her."

"And I would have known where you were every moment of it. When they decided to invade I still would have come for you. I would have taken you, Bret, your children..."

"Cade..."

"And I would have saved you all if it made you happy Bethany. It would have destroyed me to let another man have you but I never would have put your life in danger."

"You could have come to me, you could have explained," I breathed. "I would have listened to you, I would have believed you; I would have run away with you."

"And left your family behind?" I opened my mouth to say yes, but the word froze in my throat. "They had already known the loss of your father; would you have left them still?"

"I would have loved you."

His head tilted, a single strand of midnight hair fell into the corner of his eye. "I know you would have and it would have gotten you nothing but a life of secrets, pain, and misery. It may have even cost you your life. I wasn't going to let that happen, no matter how badly I wanted it to."

My heart swelled with love for him, tears slid silently down my face. "What do you take your souls from?"

"Animals mostly, but when it's been absolutely necessary I have taken from a person without their knowledge. Not you," he reminded me forcefully when I looked at him in shock. "I never take too much either. But sometimes the craving is too strong for just an animal to help me. It's rare that happens though, maybe twice a year, sometimes three. It's the blood we need more than the soul. That's at least once a week, preferably more. And since all of this has started my hunger has been even more intense, more demanding."

It was disconcerting, but not awful I decided. His gaze came slowly down to me. The ice in his eyes thawed, affection lit the darkness. "It's harder when I'm around, isn't it?"

"Not so much harder." His voice was tight, hoarse. "I just want you more than I've ever wanted anything." I gazed in wide eyed wonder up at him, frightened and yet enthralled by his words. "Nothing will satisfy me the way that I know you would."

My mouth parted, my heart hammered with excitement and desire as my toes curled. What did that say about me? What normal person would actually want for someone to feed off of their soul, off of their blood? I didn't want to think too much on it, I was disconcerted by the implications of my intense need for him to touch me in such a way. "You could..."

"No," he interrupted briskly, his face hardening. "That cannot happen. I won't take the chance of possibly hurting you."

"You're amazing to deny yourself even when I'm offering myself freely to you."

"Am I?" he inquired, his eyebrow quirked in wry amusement.

"Yes."

"Careful love, you shouldn't flatter the devil too much."

I started at the reminder of what the girls in school had called him. The black devil. They hadn't known just how spot on they had been with that description. Perhaps that's the way another legend had been born. I imagined that these invaders must have resembled the devil when they arrived to decimate populations.

"What are we going to tell the others about Ian?"

His face darkened again. "I'll take care of it." His eyes raked the wounds on my neck. "I'll have to find you a shirt that hides those first though. I'm sure they've already looked for you in your room."

I nodded as I bit on my bottom lip worriedly. I trusted that he would be able to handle it, but I was an awful liar, and Aiden had always been able to read me like a book.

CHAPTER 17

A week later Aiden was still staring questioningly at me, still watching me carefully. I tried to ignore his scrutiny, but it was becoming increasingly harder to do so. Everyone seemed weary of everyone else within the group, but I was certain that Aiden knew I was lying about sneaking out to be with Cade at the time that Ian had been killed. Certain that he suspected Cade as his gaze slid slowly toward Cade and I found him studying Cade with the same weariness I had seen grow over the past week.

The decision to leave the hotel immediately had been made before the two of us had even returned to the hotel. We came back to find our stuff waiting for us and Aiden, Bret, and Lloyd preparing to set off in search of us. Darnell and Bishop had just finished burying Ian's broken body. I hadn't had to fake the blush that stained my cheeks when Aiden confronted us. The turtleneck Cade had managed to smuggle from the hotel helped with our story, even if it actually wasn't hiding hickeys beneath the high collar. It couldn't hide the bruises on my face though, but they had been explained away by training, and a clumsy accident with a tree branch.

That explanation hadn't been bought, at least not by Aiden, and I suspected some of the others.

Bishop was still openly mourning the loss of his equipment, data, and fresh samples of my tainted blood. I didn't know how I was going to tell him that I didn't want him taking anymore of my blood, but I decided to cross that bridge when we came to it. If we ever came to it. I hoped Cade had formulated some kind of plan, but we had not discussed it, and I didn't really want to. Not yet anyway.

Ian's death had been attributed to the fact that he must have interrupted someone in the act of stealing the supplies, or vandalizing them. Some had bought the explanation, others hadn't. The group was disjointed, not as close anymore. They wanted to believe that it had been someone outside of the group that had killed Ian, but the doubt was obviously festering. A few more people had decided that they would be better off on their own. I wanted to tell them that they were safe, that even though the killer was still amongst us, he would not hurt them.

But I couldn't do that without betraying Cade's trust. Instead I had stood motionless, miserable, and guilty as they slipped away into the forest. Cade clung to my hand, his solid strength helping me to get through the sadness that encompassed me.

We had not settled into any one area for more than enough time to sleep since we had left the hotel behind. The days were starting to become colder, October first rolled around as we reached the outskirts of Boston. For so long the large alien ship had hovered over the city, but on the day of The Freezing it had moved over the ocean. Cade had explained it was a safety measure because there were not as many on the ship now that they were needed to guard over their prisoners, and take pleasure in hunting down the less fortunate. They did not think us much of a threat anymore, especially since they had managed to disarm so many before The Freezing had occurred, but they weren't going to take any unnecessary risks with their ship.

A cornered animal was the most treacherous. And we were certainly cornered, and dangerous. I wanted to show them just how dangerous and deadly we could be, but there were other things we had to do first. Jenna's family was still out there, we were in need of food and ammo, but most of all we needed to find more survivors. There was strength in numbers, and we needed to increase ours, instead of having them steadily decrease.

We stood on a hill overlooking the abandoned stretches of highway and bridges that crisscrossed into the heart of Boston. The once proud city looked desolate, eerie, terrifying. I had been here only once, when I was only a child. We had gone to the aquarium and science museum. It had been our last family trip together. I had been fascinated by the tall buildings, the traffic, and the people. My father had walked Aiden and I by Fenway, proudly spouting the history of the Sox, and The Curse. He had not survived to see them break it.

I searched the empty roads, the broken buildings, and debris for any signs of life. It had once been a city of nearly three quarters of a million. There was no sign that any of those people still lived. But there had to be survivors, there simply had to be people amongst the skyscrapers, warehouses, broken concrete, and shattered glass. I expected to see wild animals creeping through the twisted byways, reclaiming the land they had lost, but there was no movement on the littered asphalt. There was a hushed, peculiar pall hanging over the city. None of us seemed willing to break the silence, or even move as we stared in stunned awe at the ruined remnants of a once glorious world that had forever ceased to exist.

There were a handful of cars on the roads, a sight that was surprising and unnerving. Vehicles had been banned before The Freezing had occurred, it was the first time I had seen any on the road in a long time. Some people must have panicked and tried to drive into the city after The Freezing. I didn't know what had become of those people, but I suspected they hadn't made it far. There was no way that they could have; they would have been sitting ducks on the roadways.

"We'll make camp here." Darnell's voice was hoarse, choked. "From now on we'll travel at night; the concrete jungle won't hide us the same as the woods."

It didn't seem like much of a jungle to me anymore.

I glanced at the group gathered around us; our numbers had dwindled to only nineteen, a far cry from the nearly sixty that had been in the warehouse over a month ago. It was still a lot of people to move through these streets, but if we were careful we could make it without losing any more. We would just have to stay in the shelter of the buildings and alleyways. I turned away from the city, frightened by what was to come.

I looked to Jenna. She was wringing her hands nervously, her eyes wide with worry and fear. Darnell had promised her that we would try to get to as many of the addresses on her list as possible, but there was no guarantee it could be done. I felt sorry for her; I couldn't begin to imagine what she was going through. I didn't like the answers I had, but at least I knew what had become of my mother.

Abby grabbed hold of Jenna's arm, squeezing it gently as she sought to give comfort. I wrapped my arm around her as I settled against the trunk of a large maple. The leaves hadn't started to change color yet, but they would soon. We would have to be away from the city, and somewhere secure, before the woods became bare and winter set in. We didn't have much time to spare looking for survivors, or more medicinal supplies. The mission was supposed to be a quick in and out affair in which we gathered as many supplies as possible.

I hoped that it worked that way, but I had come to learn that nothing ever went as planned anymore.

Cade settled down on the other side of me. He draped his arm around my shoulders pulling me tight against his side. I closed my eyes as I lost myself to the reassuring beat of his heart. His warmth enveloped me. Abby snuggled closer, her head resting against my shoulder as her breathing evened out and her body relaxed. A moment of solace enveloped me as the warmth and love of my family surrounded me.

Cade would keep us safe, I thought sleepily. His hand moved idly through my hair, he twirled it gently around his finger as his lips rested briefly on the back of my neck. I shivered slightly before lifting my head and smiling at him. His ebony eyes gleamed with warmth and love.

I turned my attention away from him before I became lost. Aiden was staring at us, his eyes narrowed questioningly. Cade shifted slightly beside me, his hand clenched me tighter as he caught sight of Aiden. I wondered how long it would be before my brother confronted me, I was surprised he had waited this long.

Bret was suddenly before us, kneeling down as he handed me a plate of beans, beef jerky, and a piece of bread. "I know you hate jerky, but we're running low on food."

"It's fine, thanks." I smiled at him as I took my plate. At least it was meat. I shifted uncomfortably, hating that realization, but it was true. Cade's hand slipped off my shoulders as he accepted his meager lunch also. Abby did not stir but I took her food and placed it beside her for later.

"Make sure you eat it. It's going to be a long night."

I nodded and Bret rose and walked swiftly away. I forced the dry jerky down my throat, choosing to eat it first in order to get it out of the way. This was not the time to be picky about food; I doubted I would ever have that luxury again. I choked down the last swallow before eagerly digging into the cold baked beans that remained.

I tried to sleep before night settled in, but I was wound so tight that I found it nearly impossible to do so. Once we hit the city our pace would be far more frantic, more rushed. None of us wanted to stay there for any longer than we had to. I only hoped that everyone would be able to keep up with the harsh pace that Darnell had described.

Eventually I was able to drift off, but it felt as if I had barely closed my eyes before Cade was shaking me awake again. "It's time," he whispered in my ear.

I nodded, swallowing heavily as I rose to my feet. I joined the others at the top of the hill, gazing down at the now dark ribbons of highway. One of the cars had its lights on; it must have had an automatic nighttime sensor. Though the battery was dying, its dim glow was enough to light ten feet in front of the car, giving the road an eerie radiance that caused the hair on the nape of my neck to stand up.

Darnell jerked his head to the side, signaling for Mick to take the lead. We moved swiftly forward, staying low as we took the hill as carefully, and rapidly, as possible. The city was a whole new world than the one we had been living in, and I was terrified of everything it hid within its concrete depths. There was no knowing what Boston had in store for us.

No knowing what was to come of his leg of our journey but I couldn't shake the feeling that hidden within these high walls, dark roadways, and numerous hiding spots was far more danger than we had already encountered.

