Chapter One

The radio squealed in her ear adding to the chaos of the busy emergency room at County General. Janet grabbed a pen from the pocket of her hot pink scrub top and poised it over the run sheet as she hit the talk button with her other hand. "This is County Base, come in 79."

"We're on scene with an approximate 35 year old male, about 185 pounds with an altered level of consciousness. He's unresponsive with a GCS of 13. No visible signs of trauma. His glucose is 112." The medic continued to ramble off normal vital signs, which Janet jotted down.

When the paramedic paused, she pushed the button on the radio and spoke into the mic. "79, is there any evidence of ETOH?"

"Negative. There's no alcohol on scene, and I don't smell any on his breath."

Janet sat forward and gave her orders. "Try two milligrams of Narcan IV push, I'll stand by."

While she waited for the medic to carry out the order, she yelled over the nurse's station at one of the Techs. "Hey Tom, can you have C-2 ready? 79's coming in with a run."

"County, are you there?"

"Go ahead, 79."

"No response to the Narcan."

She tilted her head toward the radio, trying in vain to block out the noise of the department. "Mitch, is there anything pointing to what we have?" The Paramedic on the other end was seasoned. He had seen almost everything in the last twenty years.

"I think he's psych."

"Based on what?"

"The man's naked."

Janet heard laughter in the background. The men on scene were obviously getting some levity out of this one.

She tossed her pen down and stopped worrying about giving the wrong orders. Following procedure, she rambled off a list of things to be done with the patient before he made it to the back door. She knew the medics had already completed most of them, making the exercise a waste.

Finished, she signed off and logged in the run.

It had been a bitch of a night. Janet glanced out the back doors of the ER where the sun started to rise. Unfortunately, day shift wasn't due in for another hour. They couldn't get here fast enough as far as she was concerned.

Patients had bombarded the ER nonstop since she arrived at 7:00 PM the day before. Graveyard sucked. Add a full moon to the equation, and it always proved to be a nightmare. So much so, she'd learned long ago to schedule her days off around it. As most good plans go however, she was stuck with a full moon shift when one of her fellow nurses ended up sick with the flu.

Now beat, she rubbed the back of her neck, urging the muscles to relax, and counted the minutes to when she could leave.

Less than five minutes later, Emergency Medical Technicians wheeled the patient-laden gurney into C-2 with the paramedics in tow. Janet nodded to them, grabbed a triage sheet and walked behind the curtain.

"Anything change?" she asked, then set the papers on the overcrowded crash cart.

"He's responding to pain a little more. But he's still completely out." Mitch tore off his paperwork and handed it over.

Janet grasped a set of EKG patches and started placing them on the man's chest. Lucky for him his torso was free of hair. Otherwise, she would have had to shave the unconscious man.

Surprisingly, the man was rather well-groomed considering he was most likely some psycho off his meds. His flawlessly shaped bronzed chest caught her attention and his arms appeared as if they lifted weights on a daily basis.

He wasn't homeless. That was a given.

So why was he naked in the busy streets of LA? No matter, it didn't change what she needed to do.

"Is LAPD coming in?" she asked the medic before he left.

"They were on scene and took a report. They'll come by later for a follow up." Mitch reached for his radio. A series of beeps told them both he had another run. "Man, tonight is never gonna end."

"You can say that again," Janet agreed.

"See ya in a few minutes."

Janet watched as he high-tailed it out the doors.

With her attention back to her patient, she started pressing buttons on the monitor and studied the different leads on his EKG.

Normal.

Yanking the stethoscope off her neck, she quickly checked his lungs and heart.

Normal.

She placed a knuckle to his sternum and gave a deep turn. He grimaced but didn't wake up.

Looking around first, Janet picked up his arm, placed it over his head and let it drop.

Down it went, right on his face.

Damn!

"Humph." Janet studied the man's face for the first time. He had deep-set features with a firm jaw. His five o'clock shadow was more like a 7:00 AM shadow, but hell, it was almost 7:00 AM. She opened his eyelids and checked his pupils. When she did, she found the deepest midnight blue eyes she had ever scene.

His dark hair, somewhat long, was well-kept. His even tan made her wonder if he spent most of his time on the beach.

No, he definitely wasn't homeless.

Even his skin held the scent of some exotic cologne. It wasn't something she could point out, but it certainly wasn't 'Eau de Street.'

After checking to make sure his IV ran freely, Janet went to find one of the ER doctors for a consult.

"Well, let's start with a CT and a full set of labs. Drop a catheter in him and get a urine analysis and a serum drug screen. We'll see what we get then." Dr. Henry followed the same triage assessment she had done before sailing out the door.

Within minutes, the patient's blood was on its way to the lab and radiology wheeled the man into CT before loaded him onto the x-ray table. Janet stood in the wings waiting for the test to finish.

Jack, the radiology tech, talked through the entire exam. "Damn, did you see the last guy?"

"Yeah, he was completely FUBAR," Janet said while watching John Doe's monitor.

"What's FUBAR?"

Jack glanced over at his trainee and then started to laugh.

"Fucked Up Beyond All Recognition."

The kid's face went green with the memory. Janet had to admit, the scene was really grotesque. Right out of a horror novel.

"Do you think it was an animal attack?"

Janet glanced up from her paperwork and shook her head. "Had to be, but I'm not sure what kind of animal."

"Looked like a dog to me. Probably a Pit." Jack tapped buttons on the massive keyboard in front of him. Black and white images of John Doe's skull appeared.

"I don't think it was a dog. The bites were deeper and more vicious. Besides, if he'd been mauled by a dog I would have started sneezing the minute he came in." Everyone in the Emergency Department knew about Janet's allergy to dogs. Whoever worked triage understood not to give her patients who had run-ins with biting dogs.

Jack scanned the pictures and shrugged his shoulders. "I don't see anything."

"Let's get him back to his room. I need to get a Foley in him before day shift arrives. I don't need them bitching about me leaving work for them."

Alone with her patient, Janet removed the catheter kit from the supply cabinet and placed it on the bed. She closed the curtain to insure privacy. Not that he would complain; he was still completely out.

She tossed back the covers and took the time to dress the man in a hospital gown. The stranger was built. Tan, muscular and good lord his package was something to be reckoned with. Janet didn't make a habit out of really noticing her patients 'packages', in fact, she couldn't remember ever really looking before. Okay, maybe she looked, but she never ogled. This man was well worth ogling.

Embarrassed over where her eyes landed, she opened the Foley catheter kit and prepared to insert the tube to collect his urine. Good thing he's out. She'd hate to be caught staring at the man's assets. How unprofessional.

Gloved up, she lifted his penis and lubed the end of the catheter tubing. Out of habit she murmured, "This is going to hurt you, more than me."

A strong voice from the top of the bed stopped her mid stride. "Don't you think I should know your name first?"

Shocked, Janet let out a little shriek. Her grip tightened on the man's penis, her eyes shot up to his face. Deep blue eyes swirled and sparkled with a hidden smile, yet his lips remained in a thin line.

She opened her mouth to speak but no words came.

"Well?" he asked, his voice thick and drawn out.

"The doctor needs a urine sample," Janet blurted.

John Doe's eyes traveled to his private parts. In that second, Janet felt his penis twitch and start to harden.

"Oh, God!"

She jumped back, dropping his erect penis in her haste. Her face turned red so fast, Max thought she might spontaneously combust right in front of him.

She was utterly frazzled, it took every effort for him not to bust out laughing. She couldn't be more than five-feet-six, her body shape hidden by the outfit she wore. Small but mighty, he thought. Obviously, she wasn't used to being caught off guard.

He'd awoken in some crazy places, some outrageous situations. But this was a first. "I'm in a hospital?"

"Yes, County General."

Her eyes refused to meet his. They did, however, scan his body. Unable to control the reaction to her open stare his body responded. Her scent filled his brain. He stifled an audible sniff, but he smelled her nonetheless. Her eyes hid her desire, but her scent didn't. Something else permeated the air, but he wasn't certain what it was.

She started clearing away the catheter tray, her composure returned. In a casual gesture, she covered his exposed frame and tossed away her supplies. "You can give the doctor a sample, now that you're awake."

"A sample of what?"

"Urine."

"Oh, yeah." Max sat up and removed the patches from his chest.

"Hey, what are you doing?"

"Leaving."

"You can't do that."

Max continued to dislodge the medical equipment, ignoring her words. "I'm not sick. I don't need a hospital."

"You were unconscious a minute ago. And have been for at least a half an hour. I think you should have a workup."

Max stood up, the cold hospital floor met his feet. Half an hour? How the hell did that happen? He peered through a small slip in the curtain, which gave him a view of the busy emergency department. It was then he saw him, off in a corner in deep conversation with another patient.

Instantly on alert, Max stepped back out of view, his mind raced for an escape. He took a glance at his naked knees and bare feet. He needed clothes. "Is there an extra pair of scrubs I can borrow?"

The nurse cocked her head to the side and took a step closer to him. "Do you remember your name?"

He tore his eyes from his enemy and settled his gaze on her. "What's your name?"

"I asked you first."

His chuckle caught him by surprise. Her scent made his body ache. Damn after effect of the change. This time it seemed so much more powerful. "Max. My name is Max."

"Do you know why you were unconscious, Max?"

He couldn't stop from moving closer to her, something radiated off of her that drew him in. He towered over her, all six-foot-two of him. "I think you need to tell me your name."

Her eyes drifted to his chest, her lower lip sucked in. "Janet O'Brien."

Max reached out and placed her left hand in his. He brought it to his lips and kissed the back of it. Her pulse jumped. She didn't wear a ring. "Thank you for taking such wonderful care of me, Janet. But I really need to be on my way."

She was blushing again, this time a smile laced her features. "You're going to have to sign out against medical advice." She removed her hand from his. "I'll go get the paperwork."

She started to move from the room, but Max stopped her. "Miss O'Brien?"

"Yes?"

"Don't forget the clothes."

She nodded, pivoted and left his side. His cheek twitched. Her cute little butt swayed in rhythm with her hips as she walked past the nurse's station and disappeared from sight. His eyes drew to thin slits. Gorman's steadfast stare followed the hot pink uniform as well.

She emerged with an arm full of clothes. Then, quick as a snake, his rival's hand shot out and stopped her in her path.

Every muscle in Max's body tightened. Gorman kept his grip on Miss O'Brien's arm while he spoke with her. When she backed up, Max saw her unease.

He could smell her fear.

She ended her discussion and turned Max's way.

Gorman's eyes raked her frame when she walked away. Damn. He just picked his next target. The sexy little blonde nurse won't stand a chance when Gorman makes the change later tonight.

"Here you go," she handed him the scrubs.

Max closed the drape behind her. "So, Miss O'Brien, when do you get off?"

"Excuse me?"

What was going on? Janet stared at Max in disbelief. In the six years of working in the ER, never had a patient asked her this question, and now it happened twice in less than two minutes.

She rubbed her arm where the other man had grabbed her. If it wasn't for the fact that the medical staff and security surrounded her she would have been alarmed. Hell, she was alarmed. The man in the hallway had been anything but polite. She didn't reveal her schedule to him, resulting in a heated stare from the man. Janet tried to be nice about it, but it didn't seem to work. She told him she was involved, which was a complete lie.

Now, Mr. Naked Man asked her the same question.

"I asked when you got off work. Maybe I could buy you breakfast, for taking such great care of me."

Janet stood back, folded her arms across her chest and made a show out of sweeping his body with her eyes. "I'll admit you're good looking, but looks won't buy you a cup of coffee in this town."

He flashed his teeth and, dear God, the man had dimples really cute dimpleswhich stood in dark contrast to his masculine features. Janet shifted to her other foot in an attempt to appear unaffected by his smile.

"I think I can afford to buy you a cup of coffee."

"Really? So you choose to walk the streets of LA naked in the middle of the night?"

Now it was him, shifting in his shoes, or rather, hospital slippers. He kept his smile in place despite his state of undress. "Maybe I can explain my, er, situation over eggs benedict."

She was tempted, even with him dressed in a hospital issue gown open in the back, she was tempted. "I don't think so."

"Why not? You said yourself I'm good looking, and I know you're curious about why I ended up here."

Janet slid the paperwork she held in front of him and handed him her pen. "Even if I wanted to, I make it a rule not to date my patients."

"Humm..." He took the paper and signed his name, then pushed it in her direction. "I'm no longer your patient."

Janet couldn't stop the giggle that erupted. "Listen..." She picked up the paper and noted his name. "Mr. Ritter. I'm flattered, really I am, but I don't think this would be a good idea."

"I suggested breakfast, not marriage."

"You're wearing a hospital gown and a smile."

"I'll change. We can drop by my house so I can get my wallet."

Janet narrowed her eyes. "Is this some perverse way to get a free ride home?"

"I'll pay for gas." His eyes locked with hers sending a chill up her spine.

"Hey Janet," a voice called from beyond the closed curtain.

"I've got to go. Day shift needs report." But her feet didn't move. Instead, she stared at him, knowing somehow she would give in to his request, and if nothing else give him a ride home.

Something she had never done before.

"I'll meet you outside, by your car."

On a sigh she said, "Yeah, okay." Janet turned away. "How do you know what I drive?"

"I don't, but I'll figure it out."

Chapter Two

This was crazy. No, it was stupid. Even attractive men can be serial killers.

Janet changed into a simple pair of jeans and loose knit top. She ran a brush through her hair and slapped on some lip-gloss. Before leaving the women's locker room, she checked her purse twice, assuring herself the mace sat at the bottom of her bag.

At the last minute, she dialed her home phone number and left a message. Just in case she ended up dead, the police would have an idea of who did it. "I'm leaving work to take Max Ritter, a patient from last night's shift, home. I've got to be crazy." She tossed the phone into her purse.

"Oh, God," she groaned. This really is stupid.

She walked to the parking lot slower than normal. Sure enough, Mr. Naked Man leaned against her car. This time dressed in scrubs, slippers on his feet.

"I started to think you changed your mind."

"I should." Janet clicked her alarm key and unlocked the doors of the car. "Get in before I do."

Tucked behind the steering wheel, Janet fastened her seatbelt. "Where do you live?"

He rambled off a few directions and a street address. Janet put the car in gear and left the parking lot.

"Nice car."

"I like it," she said, trying her best not to look at him.

"I didn't see you behind the wheel of a 'Vette. You seemed to be more like a sub-compact kind of girl."

"What's that suppose to mean?" She dared a glance. His smug expression turned to one of innocence.

Max put his hands in the air. "It wasn't meant as an insult."

Janet rounded the corner a little fast; Max held the side of the door in an obvious attempt at avoiding injury. Sub-compact my foot! She smiled. "I like fast cars. My dad used to race when I was a kid. It's in my blood, so-to-speak."

"Humm... I'll bet you work on it yourself."

Janet glanced over at him again, not sure if he was mocking her. "As a matter of fact--"

"I would think after all the experience you must have taking care of accident victims, you would drive something safer," he interrupted.

"Stupid drivers and unkempt cars get in accidents. Seldom is it solely the car's fault. Besides, just because it will go fast, doesn't mean I drive it fast." She glanced down, noticed the speedometer inch toward 85 MPH, then eased up on the gas. "Tell me, Mr. Ritter."

"Max."

"Okay, Max. If you didn't think I drove a Corvette, then how did you know which car was mine?"

"I have a keen sense of smell."

Janet peered over the brim of her sunglasses. "You could smell my car on me?"

"No, I could smell you on the car."

He was serious. He didn't even cut a smile with his explanation. "Why do I find that hard to believe?"

Max leaned over the center console and took a deep breath through his nose. "The last thing you ate in here was a hamburger."

"Me and half of America."

Undaunted by her sarcasm, he went on. "Double double from In and Out without onions, fries and a diet coke."

She knew her mouth was open, his laugh made her close it.

"How do you keep your figure eating like that? I thought nurses were all health freaks."

"Fast metabolism," she explained still put back by his observation.

"This is my exit." Max pointed at the sign.

Janet let him lead her up and into the hills above Hollywood. Soon the houses started to spread out and the driveways grew longer. He guided her to a gate where hedges kept anyone from the street from seeing in.

"This is your house?"

"No, this is my gate."

Janet stopped at the voice box and rolled down her window. "There are no numbers."

"No, there isn't." Max leaned over her body, his face mere inches from hers. "Excuse me." He reached out and pressed one of the buttons on the call box. No one answered. Instead, a small door opened and a laser type camera emerged.

She sat back and watched the laser scan his eye. Done, a British voice came over the intercom. "Welcome home, Mr. Ritter."

Janet gawked at him. How could she not? He was so damn close. Before Max settled back into the passenger seat he nudged closer and deliberately sniffed her hair. His eyes closed briefly as if savoring the smell.

She squeezed her legs together in an attempt to block out the tingling between her thighs.

A metallic hum of the automatic gate opening broke the spell. "Shall we?" she asked.

****

She knew he wasn't homeless, but this was ridiculous. He had a butler. Who has a butler? His house was huge! Thirty-foot ceilings, massive archways and marble columns made up the entryway and hall. Artwork the size of her car covered the immense walls of what had to be a formal living room.

James, the butler, helped her out of her sweater and offered her coffee when Max went off to get dressed. She accepted the coffee, but instead of sitting to drink it, she wandered around Mr. Naked Man's home.

Could this really be his house? If it was, then why the hell was he naked on the streets if he lived like this?

Was he into drugs? Suddenly nervous, Janet put her coffee cup down. She noticed cameras, or what she knew were cameras, hidden by small black disks on the walls and ceiling. Was he spying on her now?

****

Max glanced over at the bank of monitors on the wall. He watched her pace his home. Her hands skimmed over several pricy pieces of art. He could see her breath quicken.

He slipped into a casual sweater, but decided against a shave. From the expression on Miss O'Brien's face, she was ready to bolt. He ran a hand through his hair and grabbed the remote controlling the surveillance equipment. After pressing a button, the wall of monitors disappeared.

He yanked his keys off the dresser and shoved his wallet in his pocket before heading out the door.

"You ready?" He bounced down the stairs. She had already headed for the door.

"Why is it locked?" She tossed an accusing look his way.

"It's locked?"

"Yeah, it is." She tugged on the door.

Max strode over to the control panel by its side and started punching buttons. "I have a new security system. Damn things too complicated."

She stood back, her trembling hand slipped into her purse. "New security system?" she asked.

"Yeah, someone robbed me a few months ago, my insurance agency suggested this." He continued with the buttons he knew weren't connected with the lock on the door. "Shit," he exclaimed when he tested the door himself. "James?" he hollered.

"Sir?"

"Can you get me the phone, the door's jammed again."

The butler returned moments later, a cordless in his hand. Max smiled down at Janet who seemed to ease up. He dialed his brother's number.

"Holy shit, Max is that you?"

"Hey Rich, the door is locking itself again."

Richard, knowing Max only called him Rich when he wasn't at liberty to talk candidly, picked up on his cue and starting to ask yes and no questions. "Are you all right?"

"Yes, I tried that." Max rolled his eyes in Janet's direction.

"What the hell happened last night?"

"If I could tell you that, I wouldn't be standing here instead of taking a pretty lady out for breakfast."

Richard started to laugh. "Man you work fast. Who is she?"

"Ah huh."

"Oops, all right I get it, you can't talk. Did you find Gorman?"

"Yes."

"Did he see you?"

"I think so."

"Shit, did you save the victim?"

Max noticed Janet check her watch. "Kind of, listen I really need to get this door working properly. I want you to get over here and fix it. I can't be locked in my own house."

"All right I'm on my way. How long will you be gone?"

"A couple of hours? That's not good enough, I need to leave now." Max punched another series of numbers and a green light went on. He turned the knob and opened the door. "Okay, that worked, but I still want you to get over here and fix this damn thing."

Max hung up, handed the phone over to James and lifted his arm to Janet. "Ready?"

****

They drove his car, one of them anyway. It seemed Janet wasn't the only one who liked fast cars. She actually balked at his suggestion that he drive until he opened the garage door and showed her the Ferrari.

Something about the rumble of the engine churned up her blood. She walked over to it and caressed the fiberglass as if it were the skin of a lover. "Nice."

"I'm glad you approve."

She eased into the passenger seat and spread her hands on the Italian leather. "So where are you taking me?"

"Are you up for a drive?" He turned the key in the ignition, the engine roared to life. The purr was positively erotic.

"Yeah."

"Good."

He pulled out of his driveway and headed west.

****

Traffic was light, and the road up the coast clear. Max watched her out of the corner of his eye. The grin she wore spoke volumes on how she reacted to the drive.

It wasn't often he used his Ferrari to turn a woman's head, but he knew it was the weapon of choice for this one. He had to keep her close or Gorman would have her for dinner. At least that's what he told himself. The more time he spent with her, however, the more intrigued he became.

The scent she gave off drove him mad. Earlier when he leaned into her to open his gate, he nearly lost it. He could hardly wait to see how she would taste.

He maneuvered around the curve a little fast, as she had earlier. He watched her cross her legs and wondered if her body hummed. He felt himself stiffen with the thought. She closed her eyes and leaned her head back. She moved her hips in the seat.

Oh, yeah... she hummed.

"What made you become a nurse?" Max needed a distraction. Concentrating on whether or not her panties were wet wasn't cooling his libido.

"Job security."

"You're kidding? You didn't have a Florence Nightingale complex?"

"Sorry to burst your bubble." She laughed but kept her eyes shut. "Not every nurse or doctor is one because of their overwhelming need to save the world. Some of us have bills to pay."

"You're blowing my illusions out of the water, first the car, now this."

She opened one eye, glanced his way, and then shut it. "Considering you were found naked and unconscious, I wouldn't cast stones."

Splashing a grin, Max agreed. "You have a point."

The conversation stopped for a few minutes. The soothing roar of the engine was like the strings of a well-played violin. Surf pounded on the rocks of the shore along side them. Janet appeared to sink deeper into the leather seat and said, "Don't think I'm not going to ask."

"Ask what?"

"Why the medics found you naked."

She wasn't asking now, he noticed. She simply said she wasn't going to let him off the hook. He didn't worry, he had a thousand excuses. Although, being a nurse she could probably toss away nine hundred and eighty of them.

Saying nothing more, Max continued the drive.

Chapter Three

They arrived at an old Victorian home that someone had the good sense to convert into a restaurant years before. The warm and cozy atmosphere felt like a bed and breakfast. Seawater pounded over the rocks sending a cascade of white foam in its wake. A transom window held open by a spring filtered cool air into the room which added sound to the breathtaking views.

Janet slipped into the booth and studied the menu. She had so many questions, but didn't really want to ask them. Admittedly, she was afraid of the answers.

Other than the fact she nicknamed Max, Mr. Naked Man, Janet could find nothing wrong with him.

Aside from the obvious physical attraction, he was polite, well-mannered and somewhat chivalrous. Janet couldn't remember the last time someone she dated opened the door for her and he had done so twice in less than an hour. Oh, yeah, she thought. Don't forget the rich part. He would have to be to drive a three-hundred-thousand dollar car.

That was where she kept hanging up. Mr. Naked Man, lots of money, no explanation... Damn. Who is he?

"What are you thinking about?" he asked.

She put the menu down and folded her hands on the table. "You."

He nodded and stared her in the eye. "I don't suppose I can put off my explanations until we get to know each other better?"

"I'm here against my better judgment, getting to know me better is completely dependent on this conversation."

He flashed his million-dollar smile. "What if I told you I have seizures?"

"Beep... try again, seizures that put patients out as long as you were, wake up disoriented and confused."

"But..."

"Not to mention, the DMV would have taken your license away, and I sincerely doubt you would drive that machine out there." She waved toward the parking lot. "And risk smashing it to pieces."

His smile wavered. "I have to admit, I have a small drug habit."

"Beep... I had the medics give you a drug, which reverses the effects of almost everything out there. And I glanced at your tox screen. Negative. Not even alcohol."

The waiter made an appearance.

After ordering, Janet stirred cream into her coffee, and continued. "Well?" she asked when they were alone again.

"I hit my head?" It was a question.

"Cat Scan was negative."

"Narcolepsy?"

"Falling asleep is not the same as being unconscious. I have to admit though, you're getting better."

"Sleep walking!"

Janet laughed, the thought of a man walking from his home to the inner city naked flashed in her mind. "That doesn't even deserve a comment."

Max leaned forward and captured her hand. His fingers traced the back of it sending a tingle up her arm. "Have I told you how beautiful you are?"

"No, and you're changing the subject." Janet tried to ignore her body's signals. The fast beat of her heart made her head dizzy. What had she asked him?

"All right, Miss O'Brien, if you really must know, I work for the FBI. Last night I was working undercover."

Janet shook her head and removed her hand from his. "You really aren't going to tell me, are you?"

"I really don't think you'd believe me."

Their breakfast arrived, and Max dug in. Although hungry, Janet stared at him instead of eating. "Are you into something illegal?"

He wiped his mouth and leveled his sober eyes to her. "No."

It was the first honest answer she'd heard. Why she believed him she would question later, but for now, it was enough. He had his secrets, but hell... who didn't? "Fine, for now."

His dimples peeked through, his eyebrows raised. "Do you want to drive back when we're done?"

Janet felt her mouth gape again. "You're kidding?"

"I'll take that as a no."

"Oh no you won't." She snatched the keys he had laid on the table and stashed them in her purse. "You don't mind if we take the long way do you?"

Max laughed and stuffed a forkful of eggs in his mouth.

****

With sunglasses shading her eyes, Max couldn't read her thoughts. But if he had to guess, she was just this side of ecstasy. She chose a mountain road where the grace of his sports car easily handled the winding path.

It amazed him how comfortable he was while she drove. If her father drove a racecar, then the man must have shown her everything he knew. Max hated to admit it, but she almost drove the car better than he did. Almost.

"I take it you like the car."

She removed her eyes from the road and glanced his way. "You're brave to allow a virtual stranger to drive her."

"You took a chance and drove me home. I'd say you're the one with guts. This is only a car."

Janet nodded and murmured her agreement.

Max noticed the street sign. They were a long way from his house. "Where are we going?"

"My place, to pick up a few things. I have some errands to run before I head home."

"Ah huh." Max smiled, and turned his attention to the road again. "It won't hurt to show off a Ferrari to your neighbors."

She shot him a surprised look, and then laughed. "They wouldn't believe me if I told them."

Janet let out a sigh when she turned the corner. The mountains downsized to hills as they drove. In spring that meant wildflowers. "Look at that." She pointed to a hillside covered in poppies. "Mind if we stop?"

"Not at all."

The road widened out, and Janet pulled off and into a vista view point.

They hopped out of the car and walked over to the rail. Max watched her stretch her arms over her head. She stifled a yawn, but he could see the night catching up with her.

"You don't see that everyday." She leaned over the rail, her tight jeans kept his attention much more than the flowers.

"No, you don't."

She turned around and peeled the sunglasses off her face. Her smirk told him she knew he wasn't talking about the view of the hills.

With her eyes glued to his, Max moved closer and stepped into her personal space. Janet's gaze moved to his lips, she sucked in a small breath.

Max placed one hand to each side of her, boxing her in. Brave, she didn't move away. His breath mingled with hers, he spoke against her lips in a whisper. "Your mouth is so full, so moist. It screams to be kissed."

Her tongue darted out. Her teeth caught it before it disappeared inside. The thought of her catching something else in those teeth made his blood boil. She lifted her chin in invitation. Max wasn't about to ask twice.

He lowered his lips to hers. Sweet with a small taste of spice. Her lips were pliable, a gentle nudge, and they opened for his tongue to explore. He kept his hands on the rail and pushed his body against hers.

Static electricity surged through him, more than that, his body heated, shuddered. Her scent filled his mind. He pulled back in disbelief. His family told him long ago that when he found his soul mate the effect of only a kiss would knock him back.

Dear God, that was exactly what her kiss had done. He let out a deep groan and crushed his lips back to hers. Her hands lifted to his chest and fanned out in his hair and on his neck. Her br**sts strained against him, his arms wound around her and gathered her close.

Moment by moment he felt her essence fill his head, burning into his system. Burning into his life.

A car came around the corner. The driver hit the horn while a passenger yelled out the window, "Get a room!"

She drew back. His lips no longer stuck to hers, but their bodies still pressed together. Her br**sts pushed against his hard torso with the rapid rise and fall of her chest.

"We should go," Janet suggested.

Reluctantly, Max stepped back but kept her hand in his on the short walk to the car.

****

They both kept their thoughts to themselves on the drive to her house. Max searched for a reason for her to stay within arms' reach. If nothing else, he would count on seduction as a tool. He didn't like the dishonesty of it, especially on someone he knew he would have a future with, but he had little choice.

Gorman sized her up at the hospital. He would come after her, and Max had a whole new set of reason's to keep her safe.

His thoughts turned to her kiss. Her body melting into his floated in his mind. He glanced her way through lowered lids and darkened sunglasses. Her blonde hair glistened in the sun. Her hands stroked the wheel of his car. She held such sex appeal, he could hardly wait to explore more than her lips.

Janet drove into a small driveway of a bungalow-style house in the hills of Sunland. "I'll only be a minute." She tossed him the keys after turning off the ignition. "I'm starting to hit a wall, you should drive back."

He walked her to the door, hand in hand. "Quiet neighborhood."

"Yeah, this part is. Over a few blocks is a little noisy."

They climbed the steps together and then Max smelled him and stopped.

He pushed her behind him, and reached for the small revolver he had on a leg holster.

Janet's eyes widened, words choked in the back of her throat.

All she could do was stare at his gun.

"Stay behind me," he whispered in a deadly voice.

"What is it?" She kept her voice low as he did.

"Shhh."

Slowly, Max pushed the front door open. To her dismay, it gave under a gentle push. She never forgot to lock the door when she left home.

Her skin started to prickle. Max crouched and seemed to sniff the air. He tossed his sunglasses to the porch and Janet watched his eyes literally swirl. The deep blue, which had mesmerized her earlier before he kissed her, turned to a deathly grey. She blinked twice. How did he do that with his eyes?

When the door opened wider, Max stood tall, keeping the gun in front of him while he entered the house.

Janet let out a gasp. Inside had been ransacked. Her couch lay upside down, her lamps thrown to the ground and broken. Every drawer yawned open, their contents dumped.

Tears stung her eyes, her back teeth ground together. Janet stood frozen in place, while Max moved forward to search the rest of house.

Her first thought was someone had robbed her, invaded her space and peace of mind and stole what wasn't theirs to take. She wandered around setting things to rights on impulse. Her television was still in place. Her CD's spread all around.

Janet scanned the room. Everything was there, only torn and broken. Panicked, she ran to her bedroom, and found clothes strewn everywhere. She lifted the mattress and retrieved a box. "Thank God," she whispered, crushing it to her chest.

"What is it?" Max stood in the doorway, his gun placed back in its holster.

"My jewelry. It's not much but it's still here." It was the only thing she had left of her mother. To Janet the contents of the box were priceless.

She sat on the edge of the bed and shook her head. "I don't get it. I don't see anything missing. Who would do this and not steal anything?"

Max sat down beside her, he draped his arm over her shoulders. The comforting movement had her shaking, the tears started to flow.

"It's okay," he murmured.

She buried her head in his shoulder. His hand stroked her hair while he spoke words of comfort.

As the tears dried up, Janet pulled away. "I should call the police."

****

Max followed her to the phone, his mind ticked off the facts as he knew them. Gorman had been there. Max knew he'd be back. But why had the bastard trashed her place? It wasn't his MO.

Janet picked up her phone, but before dialing, she played her messages.

Max was surprised to hear her voice come over the player. The message to herself made him smile despite the severity of the situation.

She avoided his eyes. "I didn't know if you were a serial murderer."

"You're very resourceful."

"Hey, baby girl..." the male voice boomed into the recorder.

"My dad," Janet explained.

"I'm going out of town for a few days. There's a car show in Vegas I'm going to check out. Be a good girl and watch Cat for me. Oh, and water your mom's roses, too. Love you."

"Your dad's cat is named Cat?"

A little lift of her lips made him happy he asked.

"What self-respecting bachelor owns a cat? She showed up one day and he didn't have the heart to take her to the pound. He tries to pretend she isn't his."

Janet's smile fell. Max watched her stare at the machine. "What's wrong?" he asked her.

"The light wasn't blinking."

"What?"

"The light blinks to let me know there are new messages, it wasn't blinking." She turned to him and grabbed his arm. "Someone listened to my messages. Why?"

Max bit back a curse. "Call the police, Janet."

****

Within a couple of hours, the police filled out their report. They took pictures, but without any stolen merchandise, all the police could charge the intruder with was breaking and entering.

"Miss O'Brien, do you have any enemies who would do this?"

"No. No one."

The officers exchanged glances. "Whoever did this wasn't after financial gain."

"That's obvious, since they didn't take anything," Janet said.

"What we have to assume is the perp was after you."

"Me?" Janet almost screamed the word. "Why me?"

The police officers didn't answer, instead they asked, "Is there somewhere you can stay for a few days while we run our investigation?"

"I could stay with my dad."

The cop doing most of the talking put away his notepad and pen. "Good. It wouldn't be wise for you to be alone until we know more about who did this, and why."

Janet shook her tired head. "My dad is out of town."

The officers exchanged an uncomfortable look.

"Miss O'Brien will be staying with me."

Max's statement put her back. "I can't impose on you."

He smiled, his jaw twitched. "It isn't like I don't have a spare room."

She knew she shouldn't take him up on the offer, but the thought of being alone had her scared more than she cared to admit. "Are you sure?"

"I insist." He squeezed her hand.

The police started for the door. "Okay then, we'll get in touch with you tomorrow."

"Go pack a bag," Max told her. "I'll finish up here."

****

They arrived at Max's estate after three. He carried her bag and led her to a room across the hall from his. "You're exhausted."

Janet rubbed her swollen eyes and agreed. "I need a few hours sleep."

Max massaged her arms with his hands. The act brought a smile to her face. "Everything you need should be in the bathroom. Do you want something to eat before you turn in?"

"I couldn't eat anything now. Can you wake me by six? Otherwise, I won't sleep tonight. Graveyard has a way of screwing up your sleeping patterns."

He knew that from first hand experience. Max didn't express his thoughts however; instead he agreed to act as her personal alarm clock.

He left her alone and went to find his brother. They had a lot to do and little time to do it.

There was only five hours until the moonrise.

Five hours until he changed.

Chapter Four

He found Richard in his office. A monitoring system, like the one in Max's bedroom dominated the back wall.

Max waltzed in to find Richard taking aim at the room where Janet was getting dressed for bed. "What the hell are you doing?"

Richard turned at his voice, then swung back to the monitors. "Surveillance."

Max crossed over and hit a button on the wall. A full size bookshelf came down over the monitors hiding all evidence of their existence.

"She's not for your eyes."

"Someone's a bit touchy." Richard took a seat on the large leather couch, crossed an ankle over his knee. "Who is she?"

Max went to the liquor cabinet and poured himself a drink. "Her name is Janet. She's our next assignment."

Richard's brow shot up in surprise. "You brought her here?"

"I didn't have a choice. Gorman knows I have her. This is the only place to keep her safe."

"Does she know about him?"

Max told Richard about the vandalism on her house and the messages on her machine.

"Why trash her place? It doesn't sound like him."

"I think it was his way of goading me."

Richard sent him a questioning look. He had something to ask but he kept it to himself. Good thing, because Max wasn't up to answering anything personal.

"Does she know about you?"

Max tipped the remainder of bourbon down his throat. He savored the burn. "I just met her, Richard. What do you think? I go around telling everyone I turn into a wolf three nights a month?"

"She's going to figure it out pretty damn fast once the sun sets."

"Don't you think I know that?" He slammed his glass on the desk. He seldom cursed his affliction. But today he wished he was anything but a werewolf.

"You should get some rest. It's been a long night. We wouldn't want Gorman to catch you sleeping."

"He wouldn't dare try and invade here."

"His pack is growing, Max. Ever since we took out their last leader, Gorman is sporting for the top position. I wouldn't put anything past him."

Max flopped onto the couch next to his brother, his head tilted back. "It would help if you took the change."

Richard put a hand in the air. "We've gone over this. Someone needs to cover your ass every month."

"I can't let him get to her."

Richard nodded toward the door. "Sexy little thing, I imagine he wants her for a mate."

"Over my dead body," Max's voice was deadpan, his expression firm.

"Whoa, wait up. Since when do you take assignments so literally? We try to keep him from turning people. Never do you risk your life for them."

"She's different."

Richard rolled his eyes. "If you say so."

"I mean it, Richard. She's mine, he can't have her!"

"Slow down, you just met her, remember?"

Max leaned forward, debated with how much to tell his brother. "She's mine."

Richard stood. "If you say so."

"I say so."

Richard had the good sense to change the subject. "How did you end up in the hospital anyway?"

"I'm not all that sure. During last night's fight I managed a couple of good bites. I remember feeling lightheaded."

"Do you think the other werewolf was on drugs?"

"Must have been. But, whatever he took filtered out of my system before the hospital managed to draw my blood. According to Janet my tox screen was negative." Max covered a yawn.

Richard took the hint and started to leave the room. "Get some sleep. I'll wake you in a few hours."

"Two, don't let me sleep more than two."

Richard waved him off. "Whatever."

****

Gentle strokes across her forehead woke her from restless dreams. Max stared down at her. His face freshly shaven his clothes changed. He smelled of musk and soap. Clean.

Janet smiled and rolled on her back. "Hey."

"You were out."

"What time is it?" She stretched her arms to the side. The blankets fell to her waist exposing a simple sleeveless nightgown that revealed more than it covered. She caught him staring at her chest.

"Six, like you asked." He forced his eyes to hers.

"Did you sleep?" To her disappointment, he stood from the bed to put distance between them.

"A little. I have to work in a couple hours."

The thought of him leaving her alone in his home unsettled her.

As if sensing her concern he added, "I've asked my brother to stay with you. And James is always here. You have nothing to fear."

"What do you do?"

He turned away. "I own a security management firm, tonight I have to run surveillance for a client."

Knowing nothing about what he spoke of, Janet didn't question him. "When are you leaving?"

He checked his watch. "In about an hour."

Janet tossed the blankets back, when she stood her nightgown went to her knees. "I'll get dressed, make us some dinner."

"You cook?"

His question caught her off guard. "Don't you?"

"If you call microwave dinners cooking, then yes."

Janet chuckled. "I'll meet you downstairs."

****

Richard was pleasant, even if he kept a watchful eye on her during their brief meal.

He resembled his brother in appearance, except younger, more innocent around the eyes. He didn't question why he was asked to stay and watch over her while Max went to work. He seemed to take it as if he did so everyday, which struck Janet as a little odd.

She wished it were Max staying, instead of his brother. But beggars can't be choosers, she told herself.

The sun had begun to sink in vibrant hues when she walked Max out.

"I'm sorry I have to leave," he told her.

"You have to pay the bills, right?"

"Yeah."

His thoughtful expression made her think he worried for her. "I'll be okay," she told him.

"I know. I hate to leave you." Max gathered her in his arms.

The thought to pull away never entered Janet's mind. His eyes were swirling again, in turn her stomach fluttered in anticipation of his touch. "I'll be here when you get back." The words a promise, one she didn't regret.

She reached up and stroked his face. She caught his smile before he dropped his lips to hers. His tongue explored every corner of her mouth, her body molded to his trying to soak in every detail before he left.

Her knees went weak. Desire shot through her and had her panting for more. His hands caressed her waist, inched up slowly and settled on her breast. His fingers tugged and sent a spark of lust through her body.

He whispered in heated desire. "I want to finish this."

Against her normal behavior, Janet leaned in and said, "Hurry home."

He captured her lips for one last searing kiss before leaving.

Richard wore a knowing smile when she came back inside. "So, Miss O'Brien, what movie should we watch?"

Janet followed him into the den, completely at home with her personal bodyguard. She turned her attention to the movie selections. They were entirely male. Not one 'chick flick' to be found. Picking something at random, she gave it to Richard to put in the player.

He checked the title and starting laughing.

"What is it?"

"Oh, man. You have no idea." He kept up the chuckles and fired up the DVD. "I'll get the popcorn."

Richard left the room, laughing hysterically.

Janet tucked her feet under her and removed the throw from the back of the couch. The opening credits of "An American Werewolf in London" hit the screen.

Richard returned five minutes later, though the telltale smell of popcorn hit her senses first. "I hope you added extra butter."

"A woman after my own heart," he said before plopping down the bowl of popcorn.

A yelp behind the couch had Janet tense into a rigid sit. From behind Richard, the cause of the noise walked up and pressed its nose against her arm.

Janet sprang away and backed up against the wall in alarm. "What is that?"

Richard smirked and grabbed a handful of popcorn. "Didn't Max tell you he had a dog?"

"No! He didn't. That..." She motioned toward the four legged, pointed-eared animal. "Doesn't look like a dog."

"Well, he thinks he's more human than dog. But you're right, he's a wolf."

Janet started backing out of the room, never taking her eyes off the animal.

"He's harmless, really. You have nothing to be afraid of."

As if in understanding, the wolf walked up to her and tried to lick her hand to prove Richard's point.

"I'm deathly allergic to dogs." She snatched her hand away.

Richard's laughter returned. This time the cola he sipped sputtered out and onto the floor.

"I don't see what is so funny." Annoyed with his amusement, Janet continued to back out of the room. "I start sneezing, swelling and tearing up within two feet of a dog."

"You hear that, ah... Rex? Janet is allergic to you."

The wolf sent out a yip in response.

"Can you take it outside?"

"Ah, no. Rex is an indoor dog, a very protective indoor dog. Max wanted him to stay by your side while he's away."

How could that be? Janet asked herself. Outside of the tears over the intrusion on her life, she hadn't as much as sniffled since she came into Max's home. "Huh..." She relaxed slightly, but waited for the sneezing to start.

"You don't seem to be sneezing now."

Rex moved toward her, his head lowered. Once directly in front of her, he sat on his haunches and sniffed the air.

She reached her hand out and touched his fur. His coat was silver with tips of black and soft like mink. Accepting her touch as an invitation, Rex stood up and rubbed against her leg.

"You big flirt," Richard called from the couch.

Janet held her breath, but the sneezes never came. "He's a wolf?"

"Yeah, Max doesn't like anything conventional."

Having never been this close to an, otherwise, wild breed of dog, Janet assumed her lack of an allergy attack was due to his heritage. "What was his name again?"

"Rex. Isn't that right, Rex?" Richard called in a sing-song voice.

"If I start swelling up, I'm going to retreat to my room."

"Fine by me."

Janet sat back down. To her distress, Rex hopped on the couch and made himself comfortable. He dropped his head in her lap as if he had done so a thousand times. Not willing to shoo the dog off, Janet mumbled, "I'm asking for trouble."

Richard started to laugh again. He smacked Rex's leg and pointed to the TV. "Look there, Rex. One of your family members."

Rex growled at Richard in response.

****

Max rested in her lap, her scent filled him more in this form than it did in his human state. He felt her body relax as she grew more accustomed to his presence.

Richard continued to prod him during the ridiculous movie, a gag gift his baby brother gave him years before.

Once it was over, he followed Janet up the stairs, never leaving her side.

Inside her room, she stopped him at the door. "Stay." She pointed to the space outside her room.

She started to close the door, but Max moved to follow her in.

"I said, stay." She pushed him back.

He let out a yip and bolted between her legs and into the room.

"You can't be in here."

She bent down and tried to move him, but instead of budging, he smeared her face with his tongue.

Janet laughed and wiped her face clean. "Aren't you supposed to be loyal to your master? That would be Max, not me."

Max lay down, put his head on his paws, and settled in for the night.

"Oh, whatever." Janet tugged her shirt from her pants and started undoing the buttons. She walked into the bathroom and ran the water in the sink.

Unable to stop himself, Max moved in closer to get a better view. She tugged the shirt off her shoulders, under was a black lacy bra, her creamy br**sts heaved over the top of the thin material.

He watched her brush her teeth and hair, completely oblivious to his presence. She peeled off her jeans and kicked them clear of her feet.

Dear God, her panties matched. He felt the growl in the pit of his stomach and couldn't control his reaction. She cocked her head to one side. "Okay, out with you," she waved him away before shutting the door in his face.

Just as well, I can't do anything until I'm human again anyway.

****

Max slept off and on during the night, confident that any alarm raised would bring him around. He heard nothing of Gorman, or any of his pack in the distance. Most full moons Max spent his time watching out for Gorman, or others like him. Werewolves who prowled every month, turning innocent people into more like them.

Gorman and his like were what gave werewolves their Hollywood name. Vicious, blood-thirsty animals that either ate their prey or turned them for the purpose of mating or controlling.

Like any species of animal, or humans for that matter, there were good and bad amongst them. Max's family had werewolf blood in their veins for centuries. They considered themselves defenders, vigilantes of the full moon. They never turned another without their express permission. Even Max had been given the choice. He exercised it when his father had become ill, and a pack had invaded his childhood neighborhood. Max watched as one of his best friends was turned. The power of the change did more than shift his form each month; it changed his personality. He killed others instead of protecting. It was as if the werewolf who turned him injected evil with his bite.

Unfortunately, without the power of the change, Max was unable to hunt down and find the werewolves who killed. But with heightened senses, the task proved easy. He hunted during the full moon to find his prey. With their identity confirmed, Max followed in his human form, often finding them in illegal acts. A simple phone call to the police led them to the renegade were's location.

A few times, he attacked the enemy in wolf form, sometimes causing their death. But that was risky, and not something Max would do unless he was left with no other choice.

Gorman was slick. Max had been following him for three months. Unfortunately, Max couldn't find anything on him, and the time to fight him soon approached. Now that he had his sights on Janet, Max was left with little choice.

Janet was his. He placed his head on her thigh and closed his eyes. She didn't know it yet, but she was his.

Chapter Five

The sun's glaring rays through the window woke her. A few minutes passed before Janet remembered where she was. When she did, she glanced around the room for Rex. But he was gone.

She noticed the door to her room slightly open and assumed someone heard him and let him out. His presence in the room had kept her calm after she realized she wasn't going into anaphylactic shock by being in his presence.

Janet made her way to the shower and wondered if Max had made it home.

Max's kitchen was enormous like his house. But it lacked in supplies. Janet found what she needed for coffee and started a pot. She rummaged through the maple cupboards and subzero refrigerator, found a loaf of bread and some eggs. Her mouth watered with the thought of French toast.

On her second cup of coffee, Max sauntered in the room.

"I hope I didn't wake you."

He smirked and leaned over the stove where the bread was sizzling in the pan. "I could think of worse ways to wake up. Smells good."

"I didn't think you'd mind."

"Not as long as there's enough for two."

Janet removed another plate from the cupboard. "Isn't your brother going to eat?"

"I sent Richard home when I came home."

"Oh, what time was that? I didn't hear you."

He poured himself a cup of coffee and leaned on the counter. "A few hours ago."

Janet watched him stir cream into his coffee. He appeared rested. He was probably used to working late, like her. It was amazing how little sleep you needed, as long as it was at night.

Janet went back to cooking. "Where's Rex?"

"Who?"

"Your dog, Rex? Why didn't you tell me you had a dog?"

"You didn't ask."

"True." She dished him up a plate and turned off the stove. "Where is he?"

"Rex? Oh, ah, I had Richard take him for the day. I didn't know you were allergic to dogs."

"Not yours, apparently." She poured a glass of milk, held it out to Max who indicated he would take some too. "I don't understand why Rex doesn't bother me. I've always been so sensitive to dogs."

Max didn't comment. His smile crept into his face much like a boy with a secret, the glee in his eyes made her wonder what he was thinking.

"Maybe it's because he's a wolf."

"I guess. Crazy though, I can't even walk by the Dingo's at the zoo. I'll have to ask one of the doctors at work why when I go in again."

Max pulled a chair out when she sat down. "When do you go back to work?"

"Tuesday. What about you?"

He watched her eat, his expression unreadable. "I might have to go back tonight, it depends."

She wanted to question what he did, but didn't know if it was her place. She had known the man a little over twenty-four hours and yet she slept in his home, made herself comfortable in his kitchen and met his family. She didn't think prying into his life more was wise. Funny, yesterday she quizzed him relentlessly on his naked and unconscious state. Today she could care less.

"What is going on in that pretty little mind of yours?" Max had stopped eating and studied her.

"Nothing."

"Oh, I doubt that."

"All right, I was thinking about how long we've known each other."

His lip turned up, "And..."

"And... how much I feel I know you."

Max put his fork down and laced his fingers with hers. "I thought the very same thing about you all night long."

"Really?"

His eyes did the swirly thing again, like a hidden signal of desire only she could see.

"Really!"

Little beads of sweat formed on her brow. She fanned her shirt away from her body searching for a breeze. But she knew it was the way he looked at her that made the temperature rise. She remembered his naked body lying on the gurney and suddenly the temperature soared in the room.

"What's the matter, Janet? You look a little flush."

"I do?" she gasped.

"Like maybe you need to lie down." He placed a playful smile on his face and put the back of his hand to her forehead as if checking her temperature.

"But I just woke up. I'm not tired." And where did the breathy voice come from?

His body was inches from hers, his eyes searching. "You don't have to be tired to go to bed."

"No, I suppose you're right." She licked her bottom lip. "There are plenty of things to do in bed when you're not tired."

"Plenty," he agreed.

He moved in more, but damn it, he wasn't kissing her. "Max?"

"Yes."

"Can you stop talking and kiss me already?"

Like two single flames, they came together as one bright fire. Every part of her body tingled in response to his lips on hers. His hands caught her head as he plunged into her mouth, desire, red-hot and willing, soared through her.

Sitting on a kitchen chair proved awkward, Janet tried moving closer and almost fell in her effort.

Max urged her to her feet where at least she could feel his frame against hers. She tugged at his shirt, reaching to feel his skin beneath. He, too, pulled at her clothes. He leaned back briefly and surveyed the room.

"Not here, not the kitchen."

Janet remembered his butler and shook her head. The last thing she wanted was an interruption.

He dragged her from the room and up the stairs. Hand in hand they tumbled into his bedroom, slamming the door behind them. He gathered her back into his arms the second the door clicked.

Janet scrambled with his clothes.

Max pushed her toward his bed. She fell back with part of his shirt clasped in her hands.

"Take this off," she pleaded.

He chuckled and did as she asked. In turn, Janet removed hers.

"You are so beautiful," he told her before stretching out on the bed beside her.

"Show me."

His smoky eyes simmered before he bent to kiss her again. "I plan on it."

He pushed her hair back, and made passionate love to her neck, moving down to her shoulders. His fingers drew circles over her skin, and dipped under the lace of her bra.

Her hands explored every muscle on his broad chest while he worked the fabric off her body. Once free, her br**sts reached out for him to taste, to savor. And thankfully, he did just that.

She was utterly explosive and passionate. Max felt like the luckiest man in the world. The small pink buds of her br**sts hardened with the slight breath he blew on them. When he took one tip in his mouth, her moan set him trembling.

He'd made love to many women, but had he actually trembled before? Shuddered during orgasm, yes... but small anticipatory tremors before he buried himself deep inside, no.

This was his soul mate, and this was how making love was supposed to be. She felt it too, he could tell. Everywhere he touched, she responded. Every kiss was earth shattering.

He wanted to take her hard and fast, but there was no way he would rush this moment. A lifetime he waited for a lover such as her, and now she was here. His.

Reaching for the layer of her jeans, he slipped his fingers over the zipper. Her hips moved, giving him room to remove the offending clothing. Lace panties, similar to what he saw her in the night before kept her most private parts hidden. But he could almost taste her desire, pheromones filled the room, his and hers. Their scent together intoxicated him.

She kicked free of her pants while he explored her stomach with his tongue, his hand followed the curve of her hip which arched in offering to him. He let his hand linger on her thigh until she opened for him. A slight resistance came when he dipped his head lower.

She eased back. Her eyes remained closed as he stroked his fingers over the thin material before removing it. Soft blonde curls covered her core. He smiled knowing she wasn't a bottle blonde after all. No, there was nothing fake about this woman.

His woman!

Her hands tried tugging him up and away from her, but he wouldn't have it. He needed to taste her. He kissed the inside of her thigh, the higher he moved the more she tugged him away. "Let me, Janet," he told her, coaxing her thighs apart.

She stared at him, eyes wide with passion. "I've never, no one has ever."

Smiling in surprise, he ogled at what he had every intention of having. "No one has done this to you before?"

"No, not that. Sex yes, but not..."

Max smiled in triumph, he'd had no illusions about her being a virgin, but to know he would give her a pleasure no one had given before gave making love to her a new light. Like a child staring at a massive birthday cake, Max could hardly wait to dig in.

Without asking, he stroked up one side of her folds with one long lap of his tongue. She groaned. Her head fell back on the bed.

He slid one finger into her moist heat. God, she was so ready, so hot. Max worried he would lose control.

Closer, he spread her open for his tongue to explore, to love. He found her sensitive nub and sucked it into his mouth. Her moan had him glancing up. Her arms stretched over her head, her hands held on to the post of his bed.

He dug in again this time moving back and forth until he felt her body rising to meet him.

"Oh, my..." he heard her cry. He stopped briefly to watch but her hands flew to his head guiding him back. "Don't stop, please, Max."

He gave in to her demands and continued the gentle pulls of her sex with his mouth until he felt her stiffen. Moving faster, he relished her release as if it was his own. Her cries came, not in hushed whispers but roars and groans. She shuddered all around him, giving him the gift of knowing he was the only one to have her in this way.

Max's erection throbbed for release. He crawled up her body. Her smile gave him such pleasure.

"I had no idea it would be so amazing."

"The men in your life were selfish."

Her hands reached for him, stroked his length outside his jeans. "You're ruining me for anyone else."

"That's the idea," he said before taking her lips to his.

He helped her remove his pants. When she closed her hands around him, his moan rumbled deep within the back of his throat. "I can't hold back much longer," he groaned in her ear.

"Then don't," she told him.

Max reached over to his nightstand and quickly removed a small silver packet, making quick work of the condom. He moved to her side and nestled between her legs. Her hands guided him to her. "You're huge."

"The more to pleasure you with," he said with a smile.

Keeping her eyes locked to his, he plunged into her with a moan. Her tight body molded to his, her muscles squeezed around him and her hips began to move. "Perfect. You are so perfect," he exclaimed.

Their hearts beat in tandem, their breath merged. Like him, her body heated and rose higher and higher. Fingers dug into his back, raking his skin. She was close again, so close to the edge he held back, praying she would come quickly.

He felt her body shudder; her legs circled his hips. He caught her cries with his mouth until his body shattered in a million pieces. He called out her name in his release.

****

Curled up beside Max, Janet allowed her system to come down to earth. He had taken her higher than she could ever remember going. She knew they had chemistry, knew the sex would be astounding, but this was different. Together they were nothing short of spectacular.

"Humm," she purred while his hand traveled up and down her back. "Let me know if I'm alive or dead."

"Alive, most definitely, alive." He kissed the top of her head, just as content to stay close to her as she was to him.

"I'm surprised there isn't a harem of women in the wings, waiting for you to service them."

His chest rumbled with laughter.

"I'll bet you have a very full little black book."

"I never understood the little black book theory. If a man can't remember seven numbers to dial than the woman isn't worth their time."

"If there is more than one woman, it might get a little confusing. What happens if you dial Stephanie using Sally's number?"

"Well, you'd better hope Stephanie and Sally are roommates."

Janet slapped his chest. "You're terrible."

"I don't know. The possibilities could be fun."

She laughed in spite of his words. She wiggled out from under his arm and straddled his chest. "Well, I don't have any roommates, and you better not call me by any other name than Janet."

His eyes soaked her in, his playful expression changed. His hands moved to her waist and ran up her sides cupping her br**sts. "What about, lover?"

"That's okay." Janet held her breath while he pinched her ni**les. Her body responded and heat pooled between her legs.

"What about, gorgeous?"

"That's fine too." She felt him growing hard beneath her.

"What about, beautiful?"

"Okay, beautiful is good."

He lifted her hips with little effort and placed her over his shaft. "What about, mine?"

Slowly he lowered her until he'd buried himself deep inside her once again.

"I like that!" Janet leaned over and started to move in rhythm with him. "Mine," she called out.

His complete possession of her didn't go un-noticed. As they rocked together, Max's eyes captured hers. His playful banter slipped away and he replaced it with more depth and promise. Max's gaze delivered a profound reaction from both her body and her heart. As her body clenched and tingled with building passion, so did her awareness. Their relationship was moving incredibly fast but Janet wanted nothing to do with slowing it down.

Chapter Six

Gorman crushed the paper with Philip O'Brien's address in his hand before throwing it to the floor of his car. Waiting for her to check on the misbegotten cat was proving more than he could endure.

He knew she stayed with Ritter. Knew there was no way he could claim her on his property. So, here he would wait.

Taking her out from under Ritter would be exactly what Gorman needed to claim his position as head of the pack.

Ritter had plagued him and his like for years. Now, Gorman had a chance of evening the score. Turning the blonde in front of him would give him the leverage he needed to take the title which was rightfully his.

His cell phone rang from the seat next to him, after checking the caller ID, he answered. "Talk!" he ordered.

"They are leaving his place now."

"They?"

"Yeah, Ritter is with her."

Gorman let out a curse then mumbled, "Follow them. If they come within a mile of here, call me. And don't let them see you." He hung up and sat back.

All he had to do now was wait.

****

"What is this?" Max held a piece of paper in his hand and waved it in front of Janet's face.

"A grocery list," she told him.

"Aren't you going to come in the store with me?"

"No, I want you to drop me off at my dad's so I can take care of things there."

"That shouldn't take very long." He glared at the list as if it were a foreign concept. He had grumbled about the grocery store stop ever since they left his house.

"You don't know my dad. When he calls and says he needs me to look after his cat, it's really his code way of asking... Can you come over and help me pick up around the house?"

"Oh, I see. How long could that take?"

"Long enough for you to pick up a few things at the store." Janet saw his lip drop into a pout. Damn, it was such a cute pout. "The store is right around the corner, and the list is really small. The sooner we're finished, the sooner we can get back to your place." Janet slid her hand over his upper thigh.

"You don't play fair."

Lightly tracing the outside of his groin with her fingers she said, "I didn't hear you complaining."

Max lowered his sunglasses and put his car in gear. "Let's get this done."

****

Max walked around her father's house, inspected every room before he deemed it safe for her to enter.

"I'll be fine," Janet tried to convince him while pushing him out the door.

He glanced around at the busy neighborhood. "I don't know."

"You're trying to get out of going to the store."

"Well... I tell you what, I'll help you here, and you help me at the store."

Shaking her head, Janet gave up and put Max to work cleaning out the litter box. If he wasn't going to cooperate she would give him the dirty work.

She hated to admit it, but cleaning up her widowed father's house did go faster with help.

Within a half an hour, they were pushing a cart around the market. The store was an anomaly Max didn't understand. The produce department had him picking up every vegetable and looking at it as if it came from the moon. Having pity on him, Janet gave him a job. "I'll pick out the vegetables. You take a look at the meat department and find some steaks."

"Now we're talking." Happily, he scurried off to much safer territory.

He rushed away, past a very attractive brunette, who made a point of smiling his way and flipping her hair. A smile brushed Janet's lips when Max ignored the other women's flirtatious gestures.

Surrendering to the happiness that bubbled inside her, she continued to shop with a spring in her step.

After fondling a few apples and bagging three pounds of grapes, Janet worked her way to the back of the store where the organic vegetables were kept.

An employee barged through the swinging doors, which lead to the stock room almost knocking Janet over in his haste. Frightened eyes stared her way with a rushed apology. "I'm sorry, oh God. I'm sorry."

"It's okay," Janet told him, straightening her shirt.

"Oh, shit!" The kid turned back to the employee only area, then back to her again. Janet noticed the shake in his hands.

"Are you okay?"

"Yes, no. Listen, can you please run to the front of the store and tell someone to call 911. There's a guy back here who isn't breathing." The kid's eyes bugged out their sockets.

Janet dropped her handful of vegetables. "I'm a nurse. Show me where he is." Her heart rate jumped as it always did when she knew time was critical.

He walked her in a few feet and pointed to an open door. "He's in there."

"You go call the paramedics," she ordered while she ran in the direction he pointed.

The door was open, but no one was on the floor of the room. There was another door, which she ran to and opened.

Empty.

Frantic, knowing time for the patient was ticking away. Janet scanned the first room again. Boxes were stacked high with very little room for a person to be behind. She searched anyway but found no one. "Where is he?"

Walking back the way she came, Janet heard the creak of a hinge. The weight of someone's stare burrowed into the back of her head. Hair on her neck stood as the cold bristle of tension wove along her spine. She stopped mid step and swirled around. A cloth covered hand clamped over her mouth and nose in a firm grip. The last thing she remembered before blackness came was the distinct smell of ether.

****

The first thing Max thought when he rounded to corner and saw their cart abandoned with Janet's purse in the basket was; she thinks I'm the one who doesn't know anything about grocery stores. Everyone knows not to leave your purse in the cart.

The closer to the cart he moved however, the stronger the smell became. He spun in a complete circle then called her name. He tossed the packages of meat on the russet potatoes and followed her scent. Each step brought his fear for her safety closer.

Her scent mixed with Gorman's when he passed through the swinging doors. He ran around yanking open doors and calling her name, his search frantic.

Gone.

He ran his hand through his hair searching for clues. There, on the floor outside a small room was a matchbook. On it was an address and the words. "Before the moon rises."

He snatched the small paper and placed it under his nose. Bile rose in his throat.

Jaw clenched, Max cursed Gorman's name.

He retrieved her purse, pushed through the crowded store and hopped into his car.

Alone, he flipped open his cell phone and dialed. He started with his parents, and then moved on to the rest.

****

The pounding behind her eyelids woke her. She murmured a protest and tried to turn on her side, but the task proved impossible.

Janet's eyes shot open when the memory of her abduction hit her. She attempted to shift her weight but pain shot through her arms which dangled above her. Panic-stricken eyes traveled the length of her bound arms. Shock bolted her upright when she realized she'd been shackled to the wall. Her body screamed in protest with her sudden change of position from slouched on the stone and dirt floor.

Her eyes adjusted to the dim light that peeked through the small window above her.

She was in a basement, of that she was certain. Her clothes were intact, and her body felt more normal than not. The fact she had no recollection of how she had gotten to where she was scared the hell out of her, and had her worrying about whether or not she'd been raped. Her memory flashed to a past patient who had been violated during a drug induced stupor. The lady woke with a distinct feeling of the violation, but couldn't remember the act.

Trying her best to keep her wits about her, Janet closed her eyes and forced her breathing to slow down.

"Freaking out isn't going to help," she told herself.

She wanted to panic. God knew she was on the edge. But doing so would decrease her chances of survival.

How many times had she stood by a patient's side, listening to the cop's applauding a victim's strong sense of calm, which kept the person alive? Or the opposite when, under whispered words around a grieving family, the police told the ER staff of what could have been to make the outcome more favorable.

Janet opened her eyes again, shaking loose the images of dead patients from her mind.

Assess first.

The basement was large, probably under a house of at least two thousand square feet. Pivoting, she noticed a set of stairs, wooden and broken down. The pipes above her head were old and covered in rust. No noise came from them, leading her to believe the house above was vacant.

She gave the chains that bound her hands a quick tug. They were secure and unlike everything else around her, new.

She managed to get to her feet, giving her arms a break and increasing the circulation to her fingertips.

On her right, she noticed another set of chains. Leaning in she saw something hanging on them. Her eyes narrowed before terror in the form of a scream escaped her throat.

Flesh and strands of skin dried in blood hung to the edges of the metal links.

Her screams filled the empty space. Her breath ragged and forced controlled every muscle in her body. Grotesque images haunted her concerning the fate of the person there before.

Her eyes dropped to the ground and saw for the first time the dried blood she sat in. Her screams erupted again, until thankfully she passed out.

****

They gathered, as they always did when one of their own was threatened.

Stoned-faced and determined, Max stood over the pack. Every one of them brought a civilian so cars could be driven at night.

"How do we know where he's keeping her?"

"We don't." Max's admission came at a price. Not having the exact location would mean they would have to spread out. Doing so was risky. The outcome, uncertain. "The address on the matchbook could be nothing more than a trap."

"Going there could mean suicide, Max."

He glared at his brother who stated the obvious. "Not going would mean her death. Or worse."

Richard nodded.

"You'll follow me to this address. The rest of you, pan out to his other known locations. Keep your cells on. If I leave this address with another person let the others know where I am," he told his brother.

"He could kill you then and there," Lisa, his twenty-four year old cousin said from the side.

Max shook his head. "No. He wants me to watch." At least that's what Max kept telling himself. Gorman wanted to torment, otherwise he would have already done away with Janet. Keeping her alive would draw Max to him.

Max's father pounded him on his back. "We'll get her, son."

"We need to get moving." Lisa started for the door. "Sundown is in less than two hours."

Max held back while the others filed out of his home. His father stood by his side.

"She's the one, dad. I can't let him have her."

A smile skirted across his father's face. "I thought as much. It isn't like you to call the whole clan."

"Gorman can't turn her."

"We won't let that happen."

Max shoved his fists in his pockets. "If he tries, and I'm unable to stop him. Get to her first." The unspoken request for his father to be the one to change Janet before Gorman had a chance to, left an empty hole in the pit of Max's stomach.

"I will."

Chapter Seven

The address Max obtained directed him to a neighborhood filled with rundown houses and graffiti clad streets. Heavy iron bars burdened every window and door, indicating that this was not the place to linger unless you belonged. Even then the chances of surviving past nightfall was slim.

Max walked the perimeter of the house before approaching the door. She wasn't there, had never been according to his nose.

Just as assured of her absence, he was certain he was being watched. Over his shoulder, he noted the van his brother drove parked several houses down.

Inside the boarded up, abandoned home would be a clue as to where to find her.

It wasn't locked. In fact, the door almost crumbled when he opened it wide. With a gun in front of him, he bent his ear to listen for signs of life.

All he heard was the hum and static of an old television. The dial and tube type, which took several minutes to warm up once turned on.

The black and white picture filtered snow on the screen. He stepped closer for a better look.

His throat clenched. There she was, chained like an animal, and dangling on a wall.

Janet struggled to free herself. Her frantic movements showed him her desperation.

"I'll kill you for this you son of a bitch!" he yelled, spinning around as he did.

Laughter crackled through the speakers of the old set. Max focused on the TV. Janet had stopped her movements. Her feet braced wide as if ready for a fight.

"You've been quite a nuisance, Ritter." Gorman's voice said in defiance.

"It's me you want. Leave her alone." Max said to the set, not certain he could be heard.

"Max? Is that you?" Janet frantically searched the room. "Please, Max. Help me."

Kneeling next to the set, Max placed a hand on it wishing he could calm her fears. His were mounting by the second.

"Please, Max... Help me." Gorman's mocking voice squeaked.

Janet's attention focused on the right of the camera. Max heard a door open and the sound of footsteps descending wooden stairs. She attempted to back away, but the chains restricted her movement.

"You!" she said to Gorman when he approached.

Max moved away from the set and leveled his gun, desperate to put a hole in the man who appeared on screen.

"You picked the wrong patient, Miss O'Brien. You really should be more careful about the strays you take home."

Gorman reached out and cupped her chin, she jerked away, but he captured her head again, this time Max saw his fingers biting into her skin. "I see why you wanted her."

"Leave her!"

Gorman moved in closer. Janet's eyes, wide with fear, watched his every move. "I'm going to enjoy her, Ritter. And you will watch while I make her mine."

Max needed to get to her. His mind raced to stall Gorman so he had a fighting chance. "I'm surprised, Gorman. It's rather chicken shit of you, doing this through a camera. I see why it is you haven't elevated in your ranks."

Gorman's arm tensed, his eyes swayed to the camera focused on him.

Max kept talking. "Then again, it's like you to keep your enemies far away. We wouldn't want your men to see how inept you are in a fight... Would we?"

He dropped her chin and walked toward the camera. "You want to be close enough to smell her fear?" One cheek lifted in a leering smile. "That can be arranged. First, you need to call off your dogs. Starting with your brother parked across the street."

Max did his best to keep his surprise at bay. "And?"

"Once I know you're not being followed I will call you."

"How do I know you won't harm her?"

Gorman turned to his prey, his back to the camera. Max watched as the bastard walked straight up to Janet and raked his hand across her breast. "Oh, I'll harm her, Ritter. If you're lucky I'll wait until you can stand as witness. When I'm done, she'll be my bitch. Not yours."

"Hurry!" Janet pleaded.

"Tick, tock... The sun is setting. Run along now and do as I said."

****

"Don't follow me," Max demanded, doing his best to hide the gnawing fear in his gut.

"It's a set up and you know it," Richard argued.

"Gorman wants to get to me. If I can hold him off until I get there I have a chance of saving her."

Richard glared at his brother. "Call me when he gives you an address."

"Have the others track when the moon rises." Max turned to leave.

"I hate this!" Richard yelled after him.

Instead of turning around and adding a comment. Max ran to his car and took off.

Before long a dark non-descript four-door sedan followed Max's trail. His phone rang.

"Let's see how well you follow directions, Ritter."

He listened while Gorman gave him a set of directions and an address.

Grateful to have something, Max breathed a small sigh of relief before turning onto the freeway and hitting the gas.

"One more thing," Gorman said before hanging up.

"What?"

"Toss your phone out the window. Make sure my man can see you or the deal is off."

Shit! Max slowed down until Gorman's goon practically kissed the bumper of the Ferrari. He rolled down the window, waved his arm on the outside of it, and then dropped the cell to the pavement.

Once he was cut off from Gorman, Max opened up the Italian sports car and sped to his destination.

He only had an hour.

****

Racking her brain to find the hidden meaning in the words that were said, Janet clung to the chains that bound her to the wall.

Gorman paced the room, somewhat oblivious of her presence. His demeanor reminded her of every psych patient she had ever taken care of. His eyes twitched, his hands shook and the mumbling of meaningless phrases that escaped his lips kept Janet's mouth shut. The last thing she needed was for him to go off.

Even his clothing was crazy. A three-piece, pin-striped suit stood out of place in the filthy room. It reminded her of every bad mafia movie she'd ever seen. The only thing missing was a horrible accent and an Italian name.

Max knew this man. They were enemies with a score to settle and somehow she was caught in the middle of their feud.

He should have told her the danger she was in. Then again, maybe Max had used her to bait Gorman. She tried to change her thoughts, tried to believe Max incapable of such a horrible deed. But she couldn't.

Janet wanted to weep with the injustice of her position. She had trusted Max, in less than two days found comfort in his arms with a desire to stay with him. If she didn't know any better, she would swear she had let a small portion of her heart love him. Now her foolish behavior had her chained to a wall, her life threatened by the man pacing the room.

Stupid! I'm so damned stupid.

Gorman suddenly stopped and stared out the small window. Tremors spiked up her spine.

The sun was low on the horizon that brought a new fear to the surface. Once darkness fell, the basement would be pitch black. Janet remembered the full moon and was thankful that at least the glow of it would illuminate some of the space.

"He's here," said Gorman.

How he knew, Janet couldn't tell. She saw and heard nothing.

He swung at her and bent close to her ear, his breath, foul. "I think I'll give you two a minute to talk." Gorman disappeared up the stairs.

The sound of skidding tires outside caught her attention. She heard her name yelled.

Max. Her shoulders slumped in relief despite her earlier thoughts. He was her only hope.

"In here," she screamed. "I'm in the basement!"

The sound of wood splintering as Max barged in the house above wracked her head. Her heart pounded and her breath was once again difficult to control. She knew Gorman watched and wouldn't let them walk away. But perhaps Max could break her free of the chains and give her a chance to escape.

Tears streamed down her face when Max appeared at the top of the stairs. He bounded down them in two leaps before coming to her side.

"Get me out of here," she pleaded.

Max lifted his hand to her cheek and wiped at her tears. "Oh, Janet. I'm so sorry."

"Not now, Max. He's watching."

Max pivoted around the room searching for his enemy.

"The chains!" She rattled her arms, bringing his attention back to her.

Max reached above her head, grabbed the links with both hands and with his feet braced against the wall pulled with all his weight. Surprisingly the bolt gave slightly.

"Hurry."

Max yanked again, bringing small chunks of cement down on her head.

"I wouldn't do that if I were you." Gorman stood at the top of the stairs with a gun in his hand.

Max stopped and placed his body in front of her. Janet froze.

"Let's take this outside," Max suggested.

"And miss the expression on her face when the sun sets? I don't think so." Gorman slowly moved down the steps. "I don't think Miss O'Brien has any clue as to who she's been sleeping with."

"What is he talking about?" Janet asked.

Gorman laughed and continued toward them. "This is so much better than I imagined it would be. Thank you for suggesting you join us, Ritter. I look forward to seeing the light in her eyes fade when you turn."

"She's mine." Max backed into her, his hands were at his side. Janet felt the outline of something hard press against her stomach. She remembered the gun he held at her house, and knew he was trying to guide her to his weapon. She renewed her struggle with the chains.

"Back away." Gorman waved his gun in the air.

Max didn't move.

"I said, back away."

"By the time your gun can do me harm, you won't be able to use it."

"Ah, but it will work on her."

Janet searched the eyes of an insane man, at the same time tugging against the chains.

"You'll have to get through me first." Max flattened his frame against hers, her view of Gorman cut off.

Suddenly both men glanced out the window above her head. The last rays of the sun melted.

"It looks like you're going to get your fight after all, Ritter." Gorman tossed his gun to the floor.

Max wheeled around to her. "Trust me," he said, before dropping to the ground.

Everything moved in slow motion. Janet stared on in deep horror as both men hit the floor of the basement. Angry sounds of bones popping and clothes tearing filled the room. Unable to look away, Janet gaped as Max's head changed shape, and hair grew all over his face and hands. His neck shook and ears emerged. His clothes fell away from his half-human form.

She wanted to scream but the sound never came. Snarling, Max emerged from the transformation in less than a minute. Leaping out of the rags which only a moment ago were his clothes, he attacked Gorman who wasn't completely turned.

Dumbfounded, Janet watched as her lover turned from man to wolf. Rex. Her head started to swirl and her eyes wanted to close. If she hadn't seen it, she would never have believe it.

Max was a wolf, and he was viciously fighting Gorman who had also changed.

Outside the howls of others filled her with dread. More were coming.

She snapped out of her trance, and with renewed energy heaved and yanked against the wall, this time climbing it with her feet and using every last ounce of strength she had to free herself.

The wall started to give. She screamed in rage and yanked over and over. Blood started to fill her hands as the chain dug into her wrists. With one final shrill, the bolt gave way. She fell to the floor, the chain dangling from her arms.

Ferocious growls came from behind her. She glanced over her shoulder; Max in his silver coat had Gorman pinned to the ground. Gorman yelped, his gaze turned and settled on her.

With one eye on the barking animals, Janet scurried to where Max's clothes sat in a pile. She shuffled through them until she found the gun.

It was cold and foreign in her unsteady hands. She pointed it toward her enemy, but Max stood over him. Afraid of missing Gorman and hitting Max, she aimed the gun at the ceiling and squeezed the trigger.

The blast landed her on her butt. Parts of the house above her rained down. Both wolves stopped their attack. Max backed up to stand between her and Gorman, his teeth bared, his snarl threatening.

Gorman wasted no time and lunged at them both. With a clear view, Janet leveled the gun again, this time aiming at the enemy.

The shot ran home, catching Gorman in mid air. Janet rolled on the ground to avoid his dead weight.

Shaking, Janet dropped the gun and watched as wolf turned into man. With one final breath, Gorman stared at her with hate in his eyes.

Her hand wiped at her tears, clearing her vision. Howls returned from above. Max nudged her hand with his nose. Janet drew back from his touch.

"Why didn't you tell me?" she cried, pushing Max away.

Max backed up, the barks outside grew louder. He bounded up the steps only to reappear in a few seconds.

He barked in warning and nudged the gun back to her side.

"There are more of you? Aren't there?"

Max let out another bark in answer.

Janet jumped to her feet, the chain still keeping her hands close together. She took the gun, glanced at the dead man by her side and started to move.

Max hurled himself in front of her. The house was vacant of any furniture, not one light shone to guide her. Max grabbed the dangling chain and led her out of the house.

Outside the moon illuminated the landscape, giving her the light she needed to see where to go. His Ferrari was parked with the engine still running, the driver side door opened.

Barks and howls sang from every direction. Scared, Janet ran toward the safety of the car. As she rounded the hood, another wolf, this one black and larger than Max, stared at her and blocked the way. Without thinking, Janet aimed the gun at the animal and fired.

She missed, but the wolf backed off. She inched closer to the door, never looking away from the red eyes that stared at her.

Standing by the door of the car, she yelled at Max. "Get in!"

Snarls and yelps came from behind her. Max shook his head and stepped back.

"What are you doing? Get in."

He shook his head again, this time he pushed at her leg with his head.

His blue eyes swirled with grey.

Out of nowhere, the black wolf pounced on Max. Needing no further encouragement Janet jumped into the car and slammed the door.

Another wolf landed on the hood bringing a scream from her throat. Jolting the car into reverse, Janet punched the gas and squealed out of the dirt driveway.

The lights of the car hit Max and his newest enemy. Beyond them through the light of the moon, she saw them all. Black, white, grey and brown, wolves of every imaginable size and shape were everywhere.

Several wolves stood by Max's side as if in unity. They approached their enemy slowly until all hell broke loose.

Behind her, a truck pulled up along side the car. Inside a middle-aged man rolled down the window and shouted at her.

She opened her window slightly to hear his words.

"Get out of here. Do you have a death wish or something?"

Janet glared at the fighting pack. "I can't leave him here."

"Max can take care of himself. You're a distraction, Janet. Go."

She stared at him in surprise. "How do you know who I am?"

Annoyed with her questions, the man yelled again. "Go!"

Torn, Janet glanced at the mayhem unfolding all around her. Wolves fought and tore each other to pieces.

She reached for the door, thinking she could somehow help. The muzzle of one wolf slammed against the glass, teeth bared. Swallowing hard, Janet put the car in drive and tried her best not to look back.

Chapter Eight

James let her in the gate and met her at the door. He took one look at her and then ran to the garage to retrieve a pair of bolt cutters and removed the chains.

He didn't ask questions. He didn't comment. He simply went about getting Janet the supplies she needed to bandage her marred wrists.

She went to her room, and walked straight to the shower. Clothes and all she got in and set the water on high, trying in vain to wash away the horrible images of the night.

Tears flowed and her body shook as she yanked the clothing from her skin. She rubbed her skin raw, soaped it up and scrubbed it again and again.

Exhausted, she put on a loose pair of pants and a large sweatshirt. With her hair drawn back in a ponytail, she walked to the kitchen for coffee.

James handed her a cup and suggested she join him in Max's study. It was only midnight. They had hours to wait.

Janet walked into the study for the first time. A bank of monitors took up the entire wall. Cameras pointed in every imaginable direction throughout the house.

"Do you sit here every month?" she asked James.

"Most months, Miss."

"How long have you known that Max is a..." Oh, God. What was she suppose to call him?

"A werewolf?"

A nervous laugh escaped her lips. "Yeah, I guess that's what he is."

"I've served his family for the last thirty years, Miss."

She put her coffee down. "Why?"

James moved away, his eyes distant. "They saved my life."

Not knowing what else to say, Janet sipped the hot brew and resigned herself to wait.

****

Alarms and buzzers woke her from her restless sleep. She focused her fuzzy gaze over to James from her perch on the couch. He spoke to someone at the gate. She read the relief in his face.

The images on the monitors showed several trucks overflowing with wolves coming onto the property. They were home.

Within minutes, the living room filled to capacity with the pack that had fought by Max's side. Blood-marred hair clung to half of them, their wounds evidence that their fight had been vicious.

Despite her trepidation, Janet searched them all for Max. Unable to locate him amongst the pack had her spinning in circles and renewing the effort.

Finally, Richard walked in with Max at his side. He stopped in his tracks, their eyes caught and held.

James approached from behind and handed her an armload of blankets.

"What's this for?" she asked.

He pointed to the horizon. "The sun is coming up."

As he said the words, the room filled with deafening howls and everyone started to change.

The sea of hair quickly changed to a sea of naked people. Men and women, alike.

Understanding, Janet started covering those who were closest with the blankets.

Janet rushed around the room and realized the scene was becoming a massive triage. Several of the wounded needed immediate attention.

"Richard," she called bringing looks from several of those who already walked about.

Richard turned to her side.

"I'm going to need sterile gauze, hydrogen peroxide, betadine and tape." Janet narrowed her eyes at him when he didn't move. "Now!" she yelled.

Richard jumped back to gather what she demanded. Janet knelt down to the woman at her feet. The gash on her chest was deep, the bleeding significant.

"Shhh, it's okay," she told the moaning woman. "Hold this." She placed the blanket to her side and pressed firm.

Looking up, Janet saw another man with a bite to his face. She rushed to his side to see how bad it was.

Two hours later, several people had been taken to local hospitals, while others left for home.

Exhausted, Janet sat down and rested her head in her hands.

"Here." Max came up behind her and set a cup of coffee in front of her. "You look like you could use this."

She sat up and met his eyes. He had made himself useful during the ordeal of cleaning up his family's wounds, but he hadn't said a word to her since he changed.

"Why didn't you tell me?"

He sat down. "You wouldn't have believed me."

"You didn't give me a chance, Max. You lied to me."

"I never lied to you."

"Omitting the truth is the same as lying, and you know it!" He tried to place a calming hand on her shoulder. She shook him off and backed away. "I trusted you. Do you know how difficult it is for me to do that? What other dark secrets do you have?"

His jaw tensed. "My being a werewolf is enough, don't you think?"

"Your secret almost cost me my life." Janet stood and started to pace.

"I know," he murmured.

"That's it, I know? Don't you have anything else to say now that you're human again?"

"I'm sorry."

Janet cocked her head to one side. She felt the tears stinging the back of her lids again. "I'm sorry, too. I thought maybe we had a future together."

"We do have a future, Janet." Max shortened the distance between them.

She backed farther away and put her hands in front of her. "No. We don't."

"Don't say that." he insisted. His arms circled her shoulders. He forced her to meet his gaze. "We are meant to be together."

Janet shook her head.

"Yes, we are."

Her resolve started to crumble. Her body wanted to weaken and slip into his embrace. Not again. She pushed against his chest and ran from the room.

"Come back!" he yelled as she ran from his home.

****

Janet slept for the better part of three days following her nightmare. During all hours of the day Max called, leaving messages.

She didn't call back. She needed time.

Her life was completely upside down. She dreamt of Max in and out of his wolf form. Every morning she reminded herself that it wasn't a dream.

Werewolves did exist. She knew one up close and personal.

The reality of that little fact made her question all life as she knew it.

If werewolves were real, than who was to say vampires were not? What about shape shifters and demons from the underworld?

Crazy talk, that's what it all was. But who was to say it was only make believe? Perhaps her crazy patients weren't so nuts after all.

Her fourth day in bed was interrupted by the phone ringing. Her caller ID reported her father on the other line. Rolling over she dragged the receiver to her ear.

"Janet honey, is that you?"

"You called me, dad."

"Oh, yeah. I did, didn't I?" His laughter brought a smile to her face despite the pain in her heart.

"What do you need, dad?"

"Can't a father call his child to say hi?"

Janet rubbed her eyes and sat up. "Someone else's dad, maybe, but not you."

"You know me too well, girl."

"So what's up?"

Philip took a noisy breath that sounded like a groan over the line. "I'm having a cup of coffee with a friend of yours."

"Really, who?" Janet kicked the sheets off and sat on the edge of the bed.

"Someone who asked if it would be okay if he married you."

She paused, digested her fathers words. "Max." she whispered his name.

Philip let out a hoot. "I'm glad you guessed his name. I was beginning to worry about this one."

"Is he sitting right there?" Janet asked completely awake.

"Yeah, he's a nice guy, Janet. Did you know he drove a Ferrari? Nothing wrong with a guy who drives a car like that if you ask me."

"No one's asking you, dad."

"He did. Kind of old-fashioned of him, but I have to admit I liked it."

"Put him on the phone," she said.

"He says you're not taking his calls."

She was about to blow her top. "Put him on the phone!"

"Okay, okay...geez."

"Hi, beautiful." Max's voice purred over the line, sending instant shockwaves over her body. Her heart lunged.

"Hi, Max."

"Your dad's a nice guy, even if he is making me pay for the coffee."

"What are you doing?" He sounded so calm, so sure of himself.

"Having coffee, and asking your father for your hand."

"You're crazy, you know that?" She kept her voice even, although it threatened to crack.

"I've been called worse." He sighed into the phone. "I need to see you, Janet. I can't sleep, I can't eat."

His plea pressed on every nerve in her body. She ached for him, too. "A bit extreme of you to pretend you want to marry me."

"I'm not pretending, Janet. I am going to marry you. It might take me years to convince you we belong together, but I'm in for the long haul. I'm not going anywhere."

The lump in her throat caught, he sounded so sincere. "How can I trust you? How will I know you won't lie to me again?"

"I will tell you everything. From the beginning to the moment we met. Give me a chance, Janet. I need you."

Janet heard her father's chuckle. She imagined his laughing eyes as Max poured out his soul over the phone.

"Fine. Meet me in Griffith Park in front of the pony rides in an hour."

Max's breath came in a rush, as if he had been holding it. "You won't be sorry."

"Goodbye, Max."

"Janet," he stopped her from hanging up. "I love you."

She choked on a cry before hanging up. She was a goner. She knew it before she made it to the shower.

****

It was Saturday and the park was crowded with families celebrating life in sunny California. Janet found a lone park bench and watched the children happily climbing on the back of ponies. Their delightful squeals brought a smile to her face.

She knew when he walked up behind her, even before she turned his way.

"One day those will be our children," he said in her ear.

Pivoting, she stared into an armload of roses. There must have been four dozen of all different colors.

"I didn't know which ones you liked, so I bought them all."

His million-dollar smile had the hairs on her arms standing on end.

"They're beautiful," she said while reaching for them. "You didn't have to."

"What man asks a woman to marry him without flowers?" He slid in beside her and captured her hand before bringing it to his lips.

"I don't know." Her train of thought fled. His soft lips caressed her hand. Without missing a beat, he slid a ring on her finger. "Max!"

"Say yes, Janet. Put me out of my misery and tell me you'll marry me."

"We hardly know each other," she argued.

"We fit and you know it." He moved in and placed a soft kiss to her lips. She trembled. He placed her hand against his heart. "Feel this. It beats in time with yours. The moment my lips met yours I knew you were for me."

"That's sweet but..."

"No buts. You have to believe me. We're meant to be together. My kind has only one mate in their lifetime, and you are mine."

Her gaze searched his, his eyes drew in. "Your kind... You mean werewolves?"

"Yes, werewolves. We have one mate in our life," he repeated.

"You've been with other women."

Max stroked the side of her face. "But I have only one mate, Janet."

"I don't know."

"Ask me anything. Let me earn back your trust."

Janet chewed her bottom lip. So many questions rose to the surface she didn't know where to start. "Did you choose this life?"

"Yes," he said without blinking. "Every month those like Gorman hunt, kill and turn others into monsters like them. The only way to track and remove them is by being one of them."

Janet remembered his family, their dedication to each other when they returned from their hunt.

Their love.

"Are you immortal?"

He laughed. "No. I age, like you."

"Gorman and you argued about the harm of the gun."

"A silver bullet can kill me during the change and after but not before. They hurt like hell, but their not fatal."

"I don't understand. Gorman came armed. Ready to kill you."

Max's gaze focused on the children who played alongside the ponies. "Gorman could have shot me before the change, weakened me. After he would have done his best to take me out. We're most vulnerable during the change. The folklore about silver bullets holds some truth. Your aim must have hit his black heart dead center."

"You would recover from a bullet wound? Even if you were shot right now?"

"I heal quickly. We all do."

The nurse in her struggled with his explanations, then again she had seen him morph into an animal. What could be harder to explain than that? "If we... if I were to be with you, would I have to change?"

"No. Is that what has you worried?"

"It has crossed my mind."

Max lifted her chin and met her eyes. "I won't lie to you. If another like Gorman came our way, you might choose my life. Gorman wanted you as his. He would have turned you. If I hadn't been there to protect you, you would've found yourself howling on the next full moon."

"Would I have been evil, like him?"

"Yes."

Her hands clutched the stems of the roses. Small thorns pricked her skin. If what he said was true, and she believed it was, she owed him her life. He had saved her; he loved her. She couldn't lie to herself anymore. Max already had her heart. She gave it to him long before Gorman had kidnapped her.

"I can protect you. I will guard you with my life."

Janet pushed the roses off her lap and wrapped her arms around him. He pulled her close and gave a fierce hug. The relief of being in his arms renewed the tears that plagued her day and night since she left him. Wolf or not, she loved him, couldn't imagine her life without him.

"Let me protect you."

"What am I going to do with you?" She laughed against his chest. "I'm allergic to dogs."

"Good thing I'm not one."

"What if I start sneezing when were fifty and can't stop?"

He took her in with hopeful eyes. "I'll shave."

Her laugh continued. "I suppose allergy medications will be better by then."

"Or they will still make you sleepy. In that case we can stay in bed." His lips caught hers, sealing his feelings and hers in a passionate kiss.

He protested when she pulled away. "I can think of worse things than staying in bed," she said against his lips.

His hands caught her hair. His blue eyes pierced her soul. "I love you, Janet O'Brien. Marry me."

"This is crazy!"

"Marry me."

"I'm in love with a dog."

He smiled, not missing her words. "I'm a wolf."

"I'm going to be Mrs. Wolf."

His lips tugged, his dimples flashed. "You're going to be Mrs. Ritter."

Plastered against him, Janet did indeed feel his heart beat with hers. With their mixing of breath and passion, he vowed words of love. "I will show you my love everyday."

"And on the nights of the full moon?" she asked.

"I will make love to you early, before the moon rises."

