Chapter One

Oh, how the mighty had f**king fallen.

Apollo drained his whiskey in a gulp and slammed the empty glass back on the scarred bar top.

Humans buzzed around him. Laughing, talking, and making themselves at home in the hovel that his brother Ares called a bar.

Once, Apollo had lived in golden luxury, his every single whim instantly met by the thousands who worshipped him.

Now, humans worshipped their technology. The gods were gone. Their power just a myth...or so the humans thought.

The bar in New Olympus, Florida, seemed just like any other along the small strip. At least, that was the way the place dubbed Hades appeared to those who didn't know how to look for the truth. Humans were packed inside the place, yes, but there was magic inside the bar as well.

Gods and goddesses often slipped inside Hades, enjoying their chance to mix and mingle with humans. Humans might have forgotten the ancient power of the gods, but that didn't mean that the gods had forgotten them.

We do love to play with you.

And Apollo was in the mood to play. Unfortunately, this night was proving to be as boring for him as the others that had passed before it in the last century. So many days. So many nights.

He sat there, gaze drifting toward the door, his body was curiously tense. Energy hummed just beneath the surface of his flesh.

And then she walked in the door of Hades. Midnight black hair, glistening red lips. One look, and Apollo knew that he wanted her.

What a god wanted, he took. Some rules didn't change, no matter how much time passed.

The woman sauntered across the room, moving slowly on two inch black heels. She wore a skin-tight leather dress that molded to her high br**sts, clung to her slim hips, and barely brushed the top of her thighs. The tempting expanse of her legs drew his gaze. Pale, perfect legs. Legs that he couldn't wait to feel, wrapped around him and holding to him as he thrust deep into her body.

Damn. She was a pretty thing. With wide, dark eyes, high cheekbones, and a straight little nose. Her chin pointed just enough to stop her from being too perfect. Apollo had never liked perfection.

And her lips...so red. So full. Her lower lip was slightly fuller than the top, and he had the strongest urge to cross the room and kiss that pouting lip. To suck it. He wondered what her lips would feel like beneath his mouth. Hmm...how would she taste?

Perhaps he should go find out.

Apollo shoved away from the bar and began to stalk his prey. Other men had noticed her, and they were already closing in, but he didn't really mind the competition. Once the lady in black saw him, she'd forget the others.

Women wanted him, they always had. Hell, he wasn't the f**king sun god for nothing.

He strode through the crowd, waving his fingers and shooing the others out of his path with merely a thought. Then he was in front of her, less than a foot away, close enough to smell the light scent of jasmine that clung to her skin.

He smiled, deliberately stretching his lips to showcase his dimples. Several nymphs had told him that he had fabulous dimples. "Hello, my love. Welcome to Hades." Or, as close to the underworld as he planned to get anytime soon.

The woman blinked at him but her expression remained perfectly blank.

Ooohhh. His c**k tightened. A challenge. It'd been far too long since he had a challenge.

She inclined her head slightly. "Hades...is this your bar?" A slight southern drawl coated her husky words.

He liked her voice. It was a voice he could imagine hearing in the darkness. "Ah..." What had she said? "It's my brother's place." Good thing he'd decided to wander in tonight. Boredom could be such a bitch.

The woman nodded, a vague, polite gesture. And tried to brush past him.

Uh, no.

He caught her arm and took a moment to admire the soft, silken feel of her skin beneath his fingers. "I'm Apollo."

Her eyes-at first he'd thought they were black, but now he saw they were a deep, deep blue-fell to his hand. "I don't like to be touched, Apollo."

He didn't remove his hand. He planned to touch her a whole lot, and he'd make absolutely sure she enjoyed the feel of his hands. "What's your name?"

Her head tilted to the side, and she studied him with a raised brow. "Terese. Terese Lafitte."

"Well, Terese..." His fingers skimmed down her arm. "May I offer you a drink?"

Her eyes widened, and stark hunger flashed across her face. Then, just as quickly as the hunger had appeared, it vanished, and that blank expression slipped over her features once again. "I don't think you have what I need."

She tried to walk away, again, but he just tightened his fingers around her arm. "You'd be surprised."

"No," she told him flatly. "You would be." This time, she did walk away.

And Apollo laughed.

The hunt was on.

***

Terese Lafitte took a deep breath and tried to fight the ravenous hunger pounding through her. The blond hunk was still close by, watching her, and sending a shiver over her flesh.

The guy obviously wasn't used to a woman telling him no. Hell, when you looked as good as he did, you probably didn't get a lot of rejections. The guy was...gorgeous. No other word for him. He had the kind of strong, chiseled features that probably made women-me-quiver. Perfectly cut, square jaw. Sculpted cheekbones. Wide set, light blue eyes. Firm, sensuous lips. He even had thick, tousled blond hair. The kind of hair that she'd seen once on a shampoo commercial.

And his body. She swallowed. Talk about a perfect package. The guy was tall, with tight muscles and deeply tanned, golden skin. The lucky jerk probably got to spend hours in the sun each day.

Oh, yes. He was absolutely gorgeous. A feast for the eyes. But she'd never been the type to fall for pretty boys. Not while she was alive, and certainly not while she was...well, dead wasn't the right word. Because she wasn't technically dead.

But she was a vampire.

Her heart still beat. Her lungs still worked. She got tired, she got hungry-well, for blood, anyway. Her body was pretty much as it'd been before, except for the addition of the fangs.

No, she wasn't dead. Not yet, anyway. But if she didn't find something to drink soon, she might be.

Her gaze drifted around the bar. So many men. She'd need to find a weak link. A man she should be able to control. If things got rough, she'd need to be able to escape easily.

So many men. She could hear their heartbeats. Almost feel the rush of their blood and-

And he was touching her again.

Her head whipped to the left and her gaze immediately locked on Mr. Perfect's. Then, slowly, helplessly, her stare dropped to his throat. She could see his pulse beating and could even hear the soft swoosh of his blood.

He wouldn't be the kind of man that she could control.

"Looking for someone?" His voice was like a stroke over her flesh.

She managed to nod.

"Forget him." He brought her hand to his lips. Pressed a kiss to her knuckles, and his tongue slid against her skin. "I can give you a night you'll never forget."

She'd give him that, too. It was hard to forget some nightmares.

Her heart raced like mad, and her knees trembled. Okay, he wasn't weak prey, but maybe that would be a good thing. He was so big and strong that she shouldn't have to worry about her bite hurting him too much. And a big guy like him...surely he'd be fine with losing a few pints of blood?

"Why don't you come with me?" He leaned in close, and his fingers feathered down her cheek. My, he was warm. "I'll take care of all your...needs."

Her teeth began to ache. He was so close to her now. So close.

Oh, damn, if she didn't drink soon, she was going to break down.The hard, driving hunger lanced through her. Her hands curled into fists, and her nails bit into her palms.

The hunk would have to do because she didn't know how much longer she'd be able to hold it together. Terese turned and carefully fit her body against his. "I want you," she whispered, deliberately pitching her voice low in what she hoped was a seductive tone. She didn't know how to use compulsions, didn't know how to do hardly any of the damn things that vampires were supposed to do. So she was just going to have to wing it and rely on her skills as a woman.

Apollo gazed down at her. "Do you?" He didn't seem surprised. Cocky bastard. One golden brow lifted. "Well, what are we going to do about that?" He smiled again, his dimples flashing.

My turn. She lifted his hand, raised it to her lips, and licked his index finger.

His jaw clenched.

"Do you...know a place we can go...to be alone?" Hades was packed with people, filled with hazy smoke and blaring music. Now that she'd found her prey, she wanted to go someplace else, someplace quiet-someplace where no one would disturb them.

Where no one would hear him scream.

Just in case he was the screaming kind.

"Upstairs." He turned on his heel pulled her behind him. "Come on." The good-natured humor was gone from his voice. Only dark need remained.

The people around them parted as if by magic, and Apollo led her past the bar and its black counter top, to a heavy, metal door. He shoved open the door and ushered her inside.

"What-"

An old, twisting staircase led to the next floor. Apollo slammed the metal door behind her and instantly muted the thunderous music and the voices of the crowd.

Terese inched forward as hunger, anticipation, and ice-cold fear filled her. Would she be able to do it?

"Not changing your mind, are you?" he asked, voice rumbling.

She could feel his c**k pressing against her. Apollo was definitely game up for the seduction, and honestly, so was she. It was what came after the seduction that scared her.

"I promise," he told her, "you won't regret going with me."

No, but he might regret going with her.

His fingers slipped beneath the plunging neckline of her dress and eased down to fondle her br**sts.

A moan trembled on her lips.

"Oh, that's good." His fingers stroked her, plucking the tender flesh, and teasing her ni**les. "But I want you naked. I want to see you. Taste you."

She definitely wanted to taste him.

His c**k pulsed against her, and she wondered what it would feel like inside of her. Plunging into her.

It had been so long. Too long.

With a final soft stroke, his hands fell away. She edged forward, placing her foot on the bottom step. Once she went upstairs with him, there would be no going back.

The stair creaked beneath her weight.

The rasp of Apollo's deep breathing filled the air.

She could still hear the soft, echoing swoosh of his pounding blood, calling to her, tempting her.

She took another step.

No going back.

Her teeth were burning now, already stretching in preparation for the bite. She'd have to get him ready and make certain he was so far gone that he didn't feel her teeth when they sank into his flesh, that he-hopefully-wouldn't feel any pain.

She climbed up the stairs, moving faster with each step. Her body shook with hunger. A new, yearning need filled her. A need for him. Apollo.

Terese wanted him to touch her. She wanted those strong, warm hands on her flesh. She wanted him to put his mouth on her br**sts.

They were at the top of the stairs now. A wooden door waited in front of her.

Her hand lifted, and her fingers curled around the silver knob.

"Go on," Apollo urged. "Unless you've changed your mind..."

No. Haven't done that. She opened the door. Stepped inside. Saw the couch. The king-sized bed. The small kitchen.

He kicked the door closed behind her. Then he caught her arms, spun her around and pushed her up against the rough wood. His hands clenched around the straps of her dress, and he yanked them down, baring her br**sts.

Apollo inhaled sharply as he stared at her. Then his head lowered, and he took her breast into his mouth.

His tongue stroked her nipple, laving it with rough care. His fingers found her other breast. They tightened, plucking and squeezing the nipple. And his mouth kept sucking her...

Her sex grew moist. His thigh wedged between her legs, and her skirt hiked up. She pushed down against that strong thigh, rubbing, arching.

His head lifted, and his lips gleamed with moisture. He stared at her with shining blue eyes. "I'm going to f**k you, Terese."

She swallowed. Yes, that had been the plan. Part of it.

His thigh pressed upward, and the hard muscle rubbed against her tender flesh. "You're wet for me, aren't you?"

A slow nod. Her panties were soaked. And he'd only just started to really touch her.

"Good." That smile flashed again. "I'm hard as stone for you." His arms locked around her, and he lifted her easily, carrying her toward the bed.

He dropped her lightly onto the mattress then yanked off her dress, pulling with rough force. He dropped the dress onto the floor and left her clad in just her black lace panties. Licking his lips, he stepped back, and began to strip.

Her eyes widened when she saw his chest. The guy was even better looking without the clothes. Tight, flexing muscles. Dark, flat ni**les. A light thatch of hair veed down his chest. He kicked out of his pants and revealed the thick, hard length of his cock. Veins lined the shaft, and the wide head glistened with moisture.

Apollo leaned forward and pressed one knee into the mattress. His fingers rubbed against the skin of her upper thigh.

Terese licked her lips as she watched him. She couldn't remember ever seeing a man look at her that way before. There was so much raw lust in his gaze.

It made her feel good. Sexy.

She'd felt like a monster for the past few months, but with Apollo, she was just a woman again.

His fingers trailed up her thigh. "Spread your legs for me, Terese."

She did, opening herself fully to him. To his touch.

His broad fingers slipped under the edge of her panties. He found the center of her desire and stroked her lightly as he rubbed his warm fingers over her hungry flesh.

Her hips arched against him, and a thin, choked cry slipped past her lips. Oh, yes...

One think finger plunged into her even as his thumb pushed against her sensitive flesh, the pressure intense. Perfect.

"You're tight," he whispered. "You're going to feel so f**king good."

He already felt pretty damn amazing to her. He knew just how to touch her, knew just where to stroke-

Another finger worked up inside her. He stretched her, pulled his fingers almost completely out of her, then thrust them back inside.

Terese squeezed her eyes shut as a moan broke from her. She was so close to coming...with just the touch of his hand.

His tongue rubbed over her nipple. Then his mouth closed over her breast. He sucked her and pulled her flesh deep into his mouth.

And shoved his fingers inside her in a quick plunge.

"Apollo!" Her body bowed off the bed. So close-

"Look at me," he ordered, his voice a harsh snap.

Her lashes lifted. Her gaze locked on him.

She was panting, her body shaking, need burning through her. Why had he stopped? She wanted-

His fingers curled around the elastic band of her panties, and he yanked, shredding the material. The lace fell onto the bed, exposing the dark curling hair at the juncture of her thighs and the glistening folds of her sex.

His pupils flared. "Do you want my mouth on you?"

Terese nodded, unable to speak. Yes, definitely, yes-

His hands squeezed her thighs, then shoved them even farther apart. He lowered his body, and his golden head dipped between her legs.

His breath blew over her clit, a long, slow breath that had her tensing in anticipation. Then he licked her.

Her heels dug into the bed even as Terese buried her fingers in his hair and pulled him closer.

He growled, and the rumble vibrated against her flesh.

"Apollo..."

He thrust his tongue inside of her.

Terese screamed and came on a long, hot tide of pleasure.

He licked her, tasting her cream, rubbing his tongue over her, and murmuring softly as she shook beneath him.

Then he was moving back, positioning his muscled legs between hers, and he pushed the thick head of his c**k into the opening of her sex. "My turn," he growled and drove into her in one deep, hard thrust.

He filled her completely. He caught her hands and pinned them to the bed. And he thrust into her, again and again.

Apollo's mouth opened over her shoulder. He sucked her flesh, his teeth lightly scoring her in a delicious bite.

Oh, yes...Her nails dug into his back. Another orgasm built within her as the hunger spiraled inside her.

His head lifted, and his neck-that strong, golden neck-was just inches away from her mouth.

"You're so tight." His nostrils flared. "So good..." He drove into her again, pushing his c**k balls deep into her sex.

His neck...it was just out of reach-

She locked her arms around him and twisted, sending them both rolling across the bed.

"What the-"

Terese was on top of him. Her legs straddled his hips, and his thick, wonderful c**k was still buried inside of her. "My turn now," she whispered, and began to move. Up and down. Harder. Faster.

Up.

Down.

He clenched his teeth. His fingers wrapped around her hips, and he pulled her down onto him, pushing up in a powerful thrust at the same time.

A moan of pleasure hummed in her throat.

She could feel him in so deep, so deep.

Her fingers splayed across his chest. Terese rolled her hips, then rode his cock.

Up.

Down.

Harder, faster.

Her head lowered over his throat. Her tongue snaked out and licked his flesh.

Harder, faster.

His c**k pushed even deeper inside of her. His fingers slipped around her waist.

Up.

Her mouth opened on his neck. Her teeth pressed lightly against his pounding pulse.

Down. Harder-

Her teeth sank into him. She pierced his throat in one smooth bite.

"Terese!" he shuddered. His body tightened as he came inside of her, and his se**n erupted in a hot blast.

The sweet warmth of his blood flowed over her tongue. Sweeter, richer than she'd ever imagined.

Power surged through her. Raw. Wild.

Her hips slammed down on his, and a second orgasm ripped through her.

And as she came, she drank, taking his warm, wet blood into her mouth. Taking it, taking it-

"Terese..." Her name was a whisper this time. A soft, weak whisper.

Weak?

She drew back as horror filled her. What had she done?

She couldn't remember how long she'd been drinking from him. Couldn't remember how much blood she'd taken.

She only knew she'd lost control.

The monster had taken over.

Chapter Two

What in the name of Zeus had she done to him?

Apollo lay in the bed, his eyes closed, and his body still shuddering with little aftershocks of pleasure.

Terese. Her name whispered through his mind. The woman was amazing. What had she done there at the end? Her mouth had been on his neck, sucking his flesh, and her tight little sex had milked his cock, then she'd-

"Apollo?" Her slightly cool palm stroked his cheek. "Are you all right? Oh, please, please be all right." Her palm tapped him, once, twice. "Please."

He smiled. "I'm fine." Fine was definitely too tame of a word. He felt about twenty times better than fine.

And it was all because of the lovely, mysterious Terese.

Apparently the other gods had been right...choosing a mortal for a companion was the best way to go.

His lashes lifted, and he stared at Terese's beautiful, but slightly worried face. "What did you do to me?"

She flinched and jumped from the bed.

"Terese..." What was happening? Why wasn't she still in bed with him, her lush body pressed against him? He knew she'd enjoyed the sex as much as he had. He'd felt her climax-first against his mouth and then around his cock.

She yanked on the leather dress. "I-I have to go-" She stumbled back and nearly tripped over her discarded heels.

His hand waved toward the door. Not going anywhere. He'd just found her, and he wasn't ready to let her out of his life yet.

Her hand clenched around the doorknob and she twisted it. Nothing happened.

Apollo rose from the bed and stretched slowly. He pulled his jeans on, but didn't bother to button them. If he had his way, he'd be removing the jeans soon anyway.

Her knuckles whitened, and she jerked-

The doorknob popped off in her hand.

Apollo sauntered toward her. "Why are you trying to leave?" He asked, bending to inhale the sweet scent of her body.

Terese froze, then glanced back at him. "I-I just...need to go." Her lips looked even fuller and redder than before.

There was something wet, something dark, glistening on the corner of her mouth. Something that looked almost like...blood.

He frowned as he remembered the feel of her mouth on his throat.

Her fist slammed against the wooden door. "Why won't the damn thing open?"

He shrugged. "What's the rush?" His fingers caressed her arm. "Stay with me. It's almost dawn, we can-"

"Dawn?" Her eyes widened in horror and she glanced toward the small, square window in the makeshift kitchen. An orange- tinted glow spilled though the dusty glass. "I've got to get out of here," she said. "Now."

His shoulders stiffened. Apparently his little mortal was the kiss and run type.

Too bad. He wasn't done with her, not by a long shot. He'd had a taste, but he wanted more, so much more and-

Terese turned back to the door, lifted her heel and rammed her foot into the wooden frame.

The door crumbled beneath the blow. Chunks of wood sagged inward and littered the floor.

His mouth fell open. Hera's guard, how had a mortal done-

She jumped over the shattered remains and raced down the stairs.

"Terese? Terese!" She was leaving. Actually running from him. Women didn't run from him. They ran to him.

The slam of the metallic door echoed up the stairs.

Oh, this wouldn't do. It wouldn't do at all.

An unfamiliar, hot rage filled him.

Apollo waved his hand and disappeared.

* * *

Shit. Terese rushed across the bar and shoved her way past the few stragglers who were still moving on the dance floor.

She was about to be seriously screwed. And not in the nice, fun way that she'd been with Apollo.

How could the hours have passed so quickly? She'd known that she'd pissed away too much time in the parking lot, but she'd had to work up her courage before she'd entered Hades. But she'd still thought she had plenty of time to find prey and then get safely back to her home.

Guess I thought wrong.

She was so not good at this whole vampire thing.

"Hey, babe, do you wanna-"

"Not now," she snapped at the drunken idiot who'd stepped into her path. She shoved him, and he stumbled back. The guy hit the floor and took two other dancers down with him.

The bar's entrance was only a few feet away. So close-

Apollo appeared in front of her, his face tight with anger.

Terese screamed. Where the hell had he come from? She'd left him upstairs. How'd he gotten-

"We are not done yet," he told her. He reached for her arm.

She leapt into the air, clearing his head by a foot and landing behind him, blessedly close to the door. "Holy shit," she whispered, her knees trembling. She'd never done that before!

But she didn't have time to be thrilled with her new skill. Terese yanked open the door and ran outside. Her car was close by-her car with the lovely tinted windows. She could get to her vehicle, and then-

Apollo tackled her and she knocked into the ground. He flipped her over, forcing her onto her back, then pinned her there, trapping her beneath his body. "What are you?" His blue eyes were narrowed in fury.

This couldn't be happening! She twisted, squirming and shoving against him.

But he didn't move. Not an inch.

The dank scent of the earth surrounded her. And the faint orange light from the approaching dawn streaked overhead.

Sonofa-

"Answer me!" His fingers tightened around her wrists. "What are you, Terese?"

What are you...not who, but what. Pain lanced through her. They'd made love. He'd held her in his arms, and now-

Now he glared down at her with rage stamped on his face. "Let me go!" She wasn't going to tell him the truth. He wouldn't be able to handle her truth. Her nightmare.

"Are you a fairy? A nymph?"

What was he talking about? Her eyes narrowed. Had he just called her a nympho? Sure, they'd had some really spectacular, oh-my-God-that's-the-best-orgasm-of-my-life sex, but that didn't mean she was a nympho.

"You aren't a goddess." His tone was definite.

Well, hell, he wasn't exactly the prize of the century, either! Yeah, he was good-looking, and he'd had her nearly begging back at the bar, but now he was in a Neanderthal mode that was really pissing her off.

"Get off me," she ordered.

"No."

"Don't make me hurt you." She really, really didn't want to hurt him. She'd enjoyed being with him. He'd made her feel alive, almost normal, if only for a short time.

But the sun was about to rise, and if he didn't move, she wasn't going to have a choice. She'd kick his ass.

"Hurt me? Hurt me?" He actually laughed at her.

She gritted her teeth. "Fine. Have it your way." Her nails lengthened and turned into razor-sharp claws. She barred her teeth at him and knew that he'd see her canines lengthening as they stretched into perfect fangs.

"Hera's guard..." He stared down at her in amazement. But the jerk still didn't have the good sense to move off her.

Terese gathered her strength and lunged upward with a fierce yell.

Apollo slammed her back against the ground. He didn't even appear to strain as he pinned her.

What the hell? A dark suspicion grew in her mind. "Apollo...what are you?"

A smile spread across his face. His dimples flashed, and some of his rage seemed to fade. "Ah, love...now, you know I asked first."

He'd asked-

Terese screamed as agony ripped through her.

The sun had risen. The golden glow wasn't a faint hue anymore. The beams of light were around her, on her. Burning her.

She could smell her charred flesh. Could feel the lick of flame on her fingers, her arms, her face.

Oh, God, it hurt-

"By the Fates!" Apollo scooped her up into his arms. "Hold on, love."

But she couldn't hold on. Couldn't fight. The pain was too intense.

She knew that she was dying.

His hands tightened around her. She felt a curious rush of wind against her flesh, and then the world went dark.

* * *

"Don't move."

Terese cracked her eyes open, and it took all of her strength just for that small movement. She was on a soft, cushy surface, probably some kind of bed, and in a blessedly dark, windowless room. A man was with her. She could just make out the blurry outline of his body.

Apollo.

She'd been with him, out in the light. The sunlight. The fire-

A terror-filled cry trembled on her lips.

"Shh..." His arms caught her shoulders and she realized that she'd jerked upright. "Take it easy. You're safe now."

Safe. It'd been so long since she felt safe. Since she hadn't known that every moment, she was being hunted.

"Relax, Terese. Nothing's going to happen to you." His voice was so soothing, and she didn't have the power to fight then. Her body sagged back against the mattress.

"I'm going to heal you, okay? Just lie still and let me take care of you."

"Y-you...don't...have to." A heavy lethargy filled her. She didn't know how much longer she'd be able to stay awake. When the sun rose, her strength fled. Since her change, she hadn't been able to resist the powerful lure of the day sleep.

His fingers touched her arm in the lightest of caresses. "Love, you're burned badly. I can help you. I can take the pain away."

The pain was already fading. "Heal...myself." She'd learned about that little talent the night she'd finally managed to escape from Eric. She'd jumped from a second story window and wound up with a broken leg and a shattered wrist. But after her day sleep, she'd awoken completely healed.

Her lashes were drooping, and no matter how hard she struggled, she couldn't keep them open. There wasn't much time left. Soon the need for sleep would overwhelm her.

She didn't know where she was or how she'd gotten there. Terese only knew that Apollo had saved her. He'd taken her out of the deadly sunlight and carried her back to the safety of darkness.

"Apollo." She swallowed, trying to force herself to stay focused just for a minute longer.

His fingers wrapped around hers. "Save your strength."

"Th-thank you...for s-saving me." No one had ever helped her before.

His grasp tightened.

And she sank into the drugging depths of the day sleep.

* * *

Terese slept during the day.

She burned in sunlight.

She had superhuman strength.

And she'd left a real unusual hickey on his neck.

Apollo leaned back in his chair and studied the woman who slept so peacefully in his bed. Terese Lafitte. He'd bet a load of ambrosia the woman was a vampire.

A vampire.

He'd met tons of nymphs, he'd chatted with gargoyles, and even been briefly smitten with a mermaid, but he'd never met a vampire before.

Terese had said that she could heal herself. He hadn't waited around to see if she'd spoken the truth or not. The sight of her red, angry wounds had pained him, and he'd had to heal her with a little of his magic. Her injuries had been his fault. He'd held her down and let the sun burn her delicate flesh.

He wouldn't make the same mistake again. He'd never hurt her again.

She was perfect now. Her pale skin completely unblemished.

The sun was setting. Terese had slept all day. During those hours, her chest had barely appeared to move with her breaths. He'd checked four times to make sure her heart still beat.

If he was right, if she really were a vampire, she'd be waking soon.

And when she woke, Terese would be his.

Chapter Three

She slept long past sunset. Apollo watched her, he waited, and he wanted.

He'd never wanted another the way he longed for her. What had the vampiress done to him?

He didn't really care-he just wanted more.

Her eyes opened slowly. She blinked and said, "Apollo?" in a husky whisper that stroked right over his groin.

He climbed onto the bed beside her. "I've been watching you for the last..." Damn, how long had it been? He'd left her just to check in with Zeus, then raced right back to her side. "Oh, I'd say at least ten hours."

Her gaze drifted over him. Her eyes widened when she saw the heavy erection pressing against his fly.

"And I've been wanting to f**k you that whole time."

Her lips parted. "After what you saw...you still want-"

"I want you." Needed her. But a god never looked desperate, and there were other things he wanted... "But before I take you, I'm going to taste you." Because once hadn't been enough for him. He just might be growing addicted to her.

Dangerous.

She sat up quickly and the sheet dropped, revealing her tight little ni**les. Ah, a perfect place to start that tasting.

But she tensed when he reached for her.

Apollo froze. "You don't want me." Had she just been feeding last night? Rage began to hum inside his body even as he prepared to withdraw.

But Terese shook her head and her hand reached for his. "I-I didn't think you'd want me anymore." Her confession was stark and the laugh that followed it was bitter as she said, "Apollo, I'm a monster."

Now that rage did boil through. "The f**k you are."

He caged her with his body. "You're the sexiest woman I've ever seen." And over the centuries, he'd certainly seen his share. "The fact that you have fangs doesn't make you a monster. It just makes you...different."

He bent and pressed a kiss to her throat. A growl built in his throat. Like that. Like her. "I happen to believe different is very, very good." He licked his way to her breast. Sucked the tight nipple.

Her hands rose and wrapped around his shoulders. "I thought you'd hate me." Her confession. "I drank your blood. I-I took without asking."

He glanced up at her. "Drink from me anytime you want." Because he'd liked the feel of her teeth on his body. The pleasure from her bite had been electric.

And it had pulsed right from his throat to his cock.

The c**k that was currently swollen and eager to sink into her tight flesh.

But, first, that taste...

He pushed the sheet away and stared down at her body. Creamy. Beautiful.

No blisters. No scars. Only smooth skin. His fingers slid over her stomach. Eased into the dark curls that guarded her sex. "Open for me," he whispered.

Eyes on him, she did. Her legs parted and it was a sweet sight.

He licked his lips, already tasting her. But on this, he wanted her to be clear. "There's no going back now." She wasn't like any other, and he wouldn't lose her.

Not yet. Not until he'd learned all of her secrets...

"I can never go back." Her whisper. He got the feeling they weren't talking about the same thing, but he'd deal with that, later.

He'd ached for her all day. He'd take her now.

Apollo positioned his body between her legs. He stroked her sex. Opening her. Readying her. Then he bent and put his mouth on her flesh. He licked the center of her need. Once, twice, then he thrust his tongue deep inside her tight core.

"Apollo!" Her hands clamped onto his shoulders even as her hips arched against him.

He took his time. Licking. Kissing. Learning every inch of her...and wanting more. Addictive.

"Oh, God, Apollo...that's...ah..." Her body stiffened. "So...good..."

And he was going to make it even better.

With one last swirl of his tongue, he pulled back. His hands jerked open his jeans. His c**k sprang free. Dark red and fully erect.

He grabbed her knees and lifted them, forcing her legs over his shoulders and opening her sex completely to him.

He looked up at her, seeing her parted lips, seeing the briefest hint of her fangs.

He drove into her in one long, hard stroke.

She moaned, a high, desperate sound, and her fangs lengthened.

Apollo caught her hands and pushed them back against the mattress. Then he thrust, driving into her again and again. "You...feel...so...tight."

She shuddered and turned her head away from him.

Won't do. "Terese, look at me."

Terese shook her head. Her sex squeezed him.

He pushed into her, burying his c**k as far as he could go. He wanted to stare into her eyes when she came.

"No." A hoarse whisper. Her hips lifted and pushed hungrily against his.

"Look at me."

She shook her head. "I-I can't...You'll see-"

What? He only saw a gorgeous, sexy woman. But then he remembered her words. I didn't think you'd want me. He freed her right wrist and caught her chin, forcing her to face him. Her blue eyes glowed eerily bright and her fangs pressed against her lips.

"You want to bite me, don't you?" he asked, his voice soft.

Her head moved in a jerky nod.

"Do it." He pulled back, thrust deep. His orgasm was close. He wasn't going to be able to last long.

Her tongue licked across her blood-red lips.

He turned his head to the side and offered his neck. He wanted to feel her teeth on him, in him, as he came inside her. "Terese, bite me."

Her teeth sank into him. The bite was a burning pleasure that blasted through his entire body.

He came then. His hips bucked against her as he exploded inside her clinging depths and he held onto her as tight as he could.

An instant later, Apollo felt Terese climax as her sex tightened around his cock. Her nails sank into his flesh.

All the while, her mouth moved on him, taking his blood and maddening him with painful pleasure.

When she finally stopped, he groaned a protest. She licked his neck with a soft swipe of her tongue.

More.

Apollo fought to slow his racing heart. Who would have thought a vampire's bite could feel so f**king good?

***

The sex had been incredible. Fantastic. Freaking mind-blowing. Even now, Terese's body still hummed with pleasure.

But there was a fear nagging at her, and she couldn't keep quiet any longer. "You're not human, are you, Apollo?" Terese gazed down at the blond hunk in the bed, the guy who'd given her the best orgasm of her life.

He couldn't be human. She'd drank his blood, his sweet, rich blood, but he hadn't weakened. Not even for a moment.

Back at the bar, she'd thought he'd weakened. But then the guy had chased her through Hades and held her effortlessly even when she fought with her enhanced strength. No, nothing weak there.

He'd gotten them out of that parking lot, gotten them to this safe house, and damn if she could remember how he'd done it.

Some vampires, very old vampires, could teleport. They could disperse their bodies into the atmosphere and reappear in another location. Eric had told her about those guys, "elders" as he'd called them. He'd said she should stay away from them because they were walking nightmares.

Of course, to her, Eric was the nightmare.

But he thought he was her one true love.

The sick sonofabitch.

Instead of answering her, his fingers skimmed down her stomach and he asked, "Why did you turn from me?"

I asked first. But, fine, she'd tell him this. After she dressed. Terese climbed from the bed. Her gaze scanned the sparsely furnished room, searching for her dress.

"Terese..."

Push, push, push. "I didn't want you to see my face, okay? I know what I look like when I get the blood hunger." Because the whole spiel about vampires not being able to see their reflections was totally bullshit. Once she'd escaped from Eric, the first mistake she'd made had been ducking into a women's restroom. She'd gotten a nice, horrifying visual of herself in the fifteen mirrors that stared back at her. "I know my eyes change, that my teeth get huge." And that she looked seriously scary. "I-I didn't want you to see me like that." Talk about a mood killer.

He watched her with unblinking sky blue eyes. "I liked seeing you that way. You looked sexy."

Her mouth dropped open. Was the guy crazy? "Big teeth and glowing eyes are so not sexy."

His lips curved into a slow smile. Those come-get-me dimples flashed. "They are on you."

A little bubble of happiness filled her at his words. "Um, thanks, I-I think."

One golden brow lifted. "You're welcome." He cocked his head to the side, studying her as she nosed around the room, ducking her head under chairs and into his closet. "How long have you been a vampire, Terese?"

"I don't know-what day is it?" Where the hell was her dress?

"How old are you?" he asked curiously.

She put her hands on her hips. "Thirty-one. How old are you?"

Apollo snorted. "Older. A lot older."

He couldn't be that much older. The guy didn't have so much as a line on his face. His skin was so golden, so bright and healthy. No, he couldn't me much older, unless-

Terese crept toward the bed, eyeing him cautiously as alarm filled her. He'd never answered her question. She'd asked if he was human, but he hadn't told her, hadn't said-

"My, my, what big eyes you have." He leaned back against the headboard, crossing his arms over his chest. "What new worry are you obsessing over now?"

"Apollo...how did we get here?" She waved her hand to indicate the bedroom.

"I brought us here."

"How." Not really a question. Terese was tired of feeling like she was missing something very important in the conversation.

"We jumped."

"Jumped?" She did a quick bounce. "Like that?"

A deep chuckle rumbled in his throat. "No, we space jumped."

"Space jumped, right." Okay, she wasn't exactly sure what space jumping was, but the idea of it scared the shit out of her.

Before waking in Apollo's bed, the last thing she remembered was being in the parking lot Hades, feeling the scorching burn of the sun's rays on her skin, then-

"I space jump when I need to get from one place to another in just a few seconds."

Her eyes narrowed. "Is that like teleporting?" It sounded exactly like teleporting.

Flash-he was at the bar.

Flash-he was back at his house.

The elders could do that. The dangerous, dark elders.

"Yeah, like teleporting."

Oh, God. She inched back a step. Had she just leapt from the frying pan into some seriously burning fire? Was Apollo an-

"Now what are you thinking?" His lips twisted. "I swear, you look like you're about to bolt."

Well, she was. Clothes or no clothes. If he was an elder-

Apollo rose from the bed, stretching slowly, arching his back and raising his arms over his head. His fingertips pressed against the ceiling. His c**k bobbed upward, shooting up from the thatch of blond hair at the top if his thighs.

Oh, my. She swallowed. The man sure was a delicious site to see first thing in the evening.

She could still taste him in her mouth. Taste the warm, strangely sweet flavor of his blood.

Her teeth clenched. "You didn't answer my question." Though she'd played the game and answered his. "You aren't human, are you?" She'd bet her grandmother's silver tea tray on that one.

He stalked toward her, his c**k stretching, hardening even more. "No, I'm not."

"Are you a vampire?" He hadn't burned when they were in the sunlight together. So, that should mean that he wasn't like her. But, maybe, if he was an elder-

Apollo shook his head. "Sorry, love, but I'm no vampire." A pause. "I'm a god."

Her mouth dropped open. "What?"

He was right in front of her now. His hand lifted, and he brushed back her hair, letting his fingers slide against the sensitive flesh of her neck. A shiver shook her body and goosebumps rose on her skin.

His head lowered toward hers. His lips hovered from her mouth. "You heard me." His breath blew over her. "I'm a god. An immortal, all-powerful god."

No, no freaking way. "Th-that's not possible." His fingers were stroking her throat and his touch felt so warm and good. And strangely right. But... "You can't be a-"

He laughed again, that same warm, deep chuckle. "Love, you're a vampire. If you can exist, then I can, too."

She blinked. Well, yeah, that made sense. But, still-a god? "What kind of god?"

He sighed, a long-suffering sound. "I told you...immortal, all-powerful-"

"I heard that part," she muttered as his fingers stroked her flesh. "But you're not like, you know, the God."

A faint chuckle. "No, I'm not him."

"So, what, you're the god of-of-" Heck, what were there gods of? "Um...rain? Or fire? Or war-"

"I'm the god of the sun."

"Oh." The sun. Pain knifed through her. He was the god of the sun. The sun she would never see again, not if she wanted to keep living. Her gaze roved over him. It figured he'd be the sun god with that thick blond mane of his and all that perfect, golden skin.

Well, hell. She'd gone out, desperate to find prey, hoping with all her being that she wouldn't accidentally drink too much and kill the human she selected, and she'd wound up with...a god.

The sun god.

Fate could be such a cruel bitch sometimes. Swiping at her eyes, at the stupid tears she could feel welling, Terese pulled away from him and stumbled back a few steps. "Where's my dress? I...um...really need to be going."

"So that's it?" His hands fell to his sides. "You screw me, you drink from me, then you walk away?"

She felt that hit straight in her heart. A heart she was surprised she still had. Her chin lifted. "That was my general plan, yes." As tempting as Apollo was, she couldn't stay with him. It would be too dangerous, for both of them.

A muscle flexed along his iron-hard jaw. "Is that what you do? You go out every night and find some guy to f**k and suck?"

Fuck and suck. She flinched. "N-no. Y-you were the first." Not the first guy she'd ever made love to, because back when she'd been human, she'd had lovers. But since her change, she hadn't wanted to be with a man. Hadn't wanted a lover to see the monster she'd become.

And the idea of drinking from someone, of taking a man's blood...it had repelled her. Terrified her. What if I lost control? What if I took too much blood and accidentally killed my prey?

She'd gone as long as she could without feeding. But the hunger had burned her constantly and her body had trembled with pain. When the red haze of bloodlust swam before her eyes, she'd broken.

She'd gone to Hades and found Apollo.

Apollo moved in a blur. He grabbed her by the arms and pinned her against the wall. The sheet caught between their bodies. "Don't lie to me," he ordered. "You were no virgin. I wasn't the first you'd taken to your bed-"

"Since my change, you were," she snapped right back.

His eyes narrowed and his fingers bit into her flesh. "You said you changed a month ago."

She nodded. "I've had lovers but that was before-" Before Eric. Before her life had turned into a waking nightmare of blood and death.

She swallowed to clear the lump in her throat and finished, "Before I turned into a vampire." She closed her eyes to shut out the sight of his angry eyes and tight features. After-sex scenes sucked whether you were human or vamp. "Now, can I just get my dress so that I can get the hell out of here?"

His hand lifted and his fingers wrapped around her. "No."

Her eyes flew open. "Give. Me. My. Dress." The guy had sliced her apart with his questions and his asinine accusations. Suck and f**k. Now she just wanted to get away. She'd run back to her shabby little temporary home and lick her wounds.

Apollo watched her with those enigmatic bright blue eyes. Tension stretched between them. Angry, thick tension.

How had they gone from having great sex to-to this?

Just when Terese thought she would scream, he released her. Apollo stepped back and motioned toward a nearby white door. "Your dress is in the bathroom."

"Thank you." The words snapped out.

His lips tightened, but he didn't stop her when she shoved past him.

And Terese fled into the bathroom, fled as if...well, as if an angry god were on her trail.

* * *

He'd hurt her.

Apollo stared at the closed bathroom door and tried to reign in his rioting emotions.

Dammit. He knew he'd hurt her. He'd seen the shine of tears in her eyes.

He'd just gotten so angry-the thought of Terese with other men, the thought of her drinking from them, having sex with them-

A growl rumbled in his throat.

The image of her with another enraged him.

Terese was his. His. The perfect match for him in bed. The only woman who'd ever equaled his passion. And the thought of her with another was unacceptable. Gods don't share.

She was dressing now and probably planning her escape. He knew she wanted to leave him. Hadn't she said as much?

But he didn't want to let her go.

He'd just found her, and he wanted to keep her.

Apollo paced toward the door. But if he wanted her to stay, if he wanted to have another chance to touch that delectable body of hers, well, then he'd have to swallow his pride...and apologize.

Dammit.

Good thing his brother Ares wasn't around. The war god would laugh himself silly at the idea of Apollo apologizing to anyone, especially a mortal.

Apollo's knuckles tapped against the wooden door. "Terese?" Better to just go ahead and get the whole apology thing over with. Before he choked on the words.

No response. She was probably sulking or giving him the silent treatment. Women, both immortal and mortal, seemed to love the good old silent treatment.

He tapped again. "Terese, we need to talk." I need to apologize for saying you f**ked other men. Oh, yes, that would be a hard one to utter.

Still, no response.

He grabbed the doorknob and twisted with his hand, but the knob didn't turn. She'd locked him out. "Terese!" He yelled her name this time. "Open the door!"

There was no sound from the bathroom. Not a gasp, not a whisper. Nothing.

A cold knot of dread formed in his stomach. "If you're in there, get away from the door." He paused a moment, trying to give her time to obey. Still no sound. Lifting his fist, he shattered the wooden door with one hard blow.

Terese wasn't inside. Her dress was missing, and the small window inside was open. Its curtains billowed in the breeze.

Apollo lunged forward. Wrapping his fingers around the window ledge, he stared out into the night. "Terese!" A strange emptiness filled him.

She was gone.

Because he'd f**ked up.

* * *

Using her vampire strength to go as fast and as far as she could, Terese ran for five miles straight.

Apollo's home was in the middle of the woods, far away from any other houses or businesses. An old, two lane highway cut through the trees, and she stuck to that bumpy road, praying that she'd get lucky and someone would drive by. If she could just see a car-

Yes. Fate wasn't spitting on her anymore. A pickup truck rattled down the road with country music blaring from its radio. The truck's high beams shined in the night.

Terese stepped out into the middle of the road and right into those beams of light.

The driver slammed on the brakes, and the squeal broke the night as the truck screeched to a stop less than two feet away from her.

My ride.

She stalked toward the vehicle.

"Lady, are you out of your damned mind?" A man's angry voice snarled. "I almost killed you!"

Terese stared up at the driver. The light from the truck's interior hit him, revealing young features and wide eyes. A baseball cap covered his hair and sloped over his forehead.

She took a deep breath and said, "I need a ride."

"You need a-" He broke off, shaking his head. Then he shoved his door open. "You're one crazy bit-Oh..." His eyes widened and his Adam's apple bobbed. "I-is that leather?" His gaze drifted over her body. Lingered on her br**sts, her hips.

She gritted her teeth. Her hand caught his chin and she forced him to look up, to gaze into her eyes and not at her br**sts. "Lookie here, dude."

He blinked, but stared into her eyes.

Okay, I can do this. Terese looked deep into his puppy-like brown eyes and tried to summon her vampire powers. She had to have them. According to Eric, all vamps had them.

Eric had originally lured her with his compulsions. He'd stared at her, his green eyes shining, and he'd pitched his voice seductively low. Before she'd even realized what she was doing, she'd found herself in his arms, head tilted back, neck arched, and all but begging him to bite her.

It was only when his teeth had plunged into her throat that she'd come to her senses. Too damn late.

Her fingers tightened around the guy's chin. "I want you to take me back to town."

His eyes narrowed.

Shit. Terese took a deep breath, and with every bit of her will, she said, "Take me back to town." Her voice emerged as a soft, seductive purr, but the order was unmistakable.

His pupils dilated as he stared at her. "Of-of course."

"Good." The sooner she got back to the safety of her place, the better. "Let's go."

He scrambled to obey.

She couldn't stop the wild smile that lifted her lips. Her compulsion had actually worked!

* * *

Two hours later, Terese stepped into her one bedroom studio apartment and slammed the door shut behind her. Finally, finally, she was-

"Hello, my love." A man's voice, silken and dark with menace, called to her from the shadows.

She froze as ice-cold, numbing fear filled her. No, no, it couldn't be-

He reached over, turned on a nearby lamp, and the glowing yellow light illuminated his face. His glowing green eyes. His glistening fangs. "I've been waiting for you to come home."

"Eric." Her heart raced and the furious pounding filled her ears. How had he found her?She'd tried to be so careful. She'd run far from him, leaving Baton Rouge and traveling southeast until she'd literally hit the ocean-the ocean, and the small, unassuming town of New Olympus, Florida, that graced the beach.

Eric stepped toward her and she instinctively flinched back, moving a good foot.

But he just smiled. "I've got your blood in me, love. That means you are in me. And I'm in you. We're linked. Bound by the blood."

She didn't want to be linked with him. Didn't want to have a damned thing to do with him.

"Our bond links us. It gives me your scent. It lets me track you. And I can track you-wherever you go, I can find you." Another slow, gliding step toward her. His tall, sleekly muscled body moved with dangerous grace. "There's nowhere that you can hide from me. Nowhere."

With that, he shot forward and grabbed her. His long nails dug into her hair as he hauled her against him. "You've been a very, very bad girl, Terese. You shouldn't have left me, not after all I did for you." His breath blew across her face and sent a shudder of revulsion through her.

All he'd done for her? "You turned me into a monster," she grated. "You took my blood and forced me to become...like you." The memory of that night-of the burning pain, of that first, desperate taste of blood-filled her.

When the compulsion faded, when she realized what he was doing, she'd fought him. But Eric had been too strong, and he'd just held her down. He'd shoved her onto the floor as he drove his fangs deep into her throat. And though she'd struggled, she hadn't been able to break free. As the minutes trickled by, she'd become weaker, weaker...and cold, so very cold. She'd drawn a last, gasping breath-

And then he'd shoved his wrist over her mouth and dripped his thick, hot blood past her lips. Her body had convulsed at the sickly sweet taste. Pain lashed through her. Agonizing. Wrenching. She'd blacked out, screaming-

And awoken as a vampire.

"I chose you," he muttered, gazing down at her with his fangs bared. "I could've had anyone, but I chose you."

And the sick psycho thought she should be honored. He hadn't understood when she wasn't thrilled by her new life. "I didn't want this," she whispered, not looking into his eyes. She didn't want to look into those eyes again. Because when she did, it chilled her to the bone.

"If you'd given me time, I could have made you want this life, made you want me." He lowered his head, and his breath tickled her throat. "I played the gentleman. I tried to give you time to accept your new world, time to accept me-"

Her hands came up and rammed into his chest. Grunting, he slipped back a step.

"Oh, yeah. You played the damn gentleman," Terese snapped. "You just transformed me into a vampire without my permission! But, since you didn't rape me, I guess you thought-"

His hands tightened into fists. "It wouldn't have been rape. You would have enjoyed every moment of my touch."

Yeah, right. She would have enjoyed it...as she gagged. "Only if you'd put me under compulsion, ass**le. And even then, I would have been screaming on the inside." She tried to lunge around him, but he grabbed her and shoved her back against the wall so hard that her head rapped against the wood.

"You'll enjoy it. I'll have you begging before I'm done." His nostrils flared as he leaned closer, "I'll show you how much-" Eric broke off, stiffening. "I can smell another man on you." His hands dug into her skin, bruising, as he held her immobile.

Vampire senses. She tried to bullshit her way out of this hell. "I don't know what the hell you're talking about. Now, let me go!"

His head lowered toward her, and he inhaled deeply. "His scent is on you. On every inch of you."

Oh, shit. Eric had been a vampire for over two hundred years, and she knew he had gained the enhanced sensory perception that came with age.

He can really smell Apollo on me. This scene wasn't going to end well. At all.

A sharp sting pierced her left arm, and Terese felt the warm well of her blood. Glancing down, she saw that his claws had pierced her flesh. "I-I had to feed." That was the truth. Another night, and the hunger would have killed her.

The claws dug deeper as they cut into her muscles. "But you didn't have to f**k!"

No, that part had been pure bonus, though now might not be the best time to mention that fact. "Eric..."

His teeth snapped together. "You're mine, Terese. Mine. I made you, and I'll be damned if I let you go to another."

Too late. I already did. "Then I guess you're just-"

"Terese!" Apollo's voice roared from the hallway.

Eric's eyes narrowed. "He comes for you," he whispered, "but he'll get me."

The front door shook as Apollo's fist pounded against the wood. "I know you're in there, so let me in! We need to talk."

At the sound of his deep voice, Terese didn't know if she should be relieved or absolutely terrified.

"Shall I make his death slow...or fast?" Eric whispered.

And she knew how she should feel-absolutely terrified. "Please," she whispered, and it wasn't the first time she'd begged him. "Don't hurt him."

"It matters to you?"

Yes.

He must have seen the answer on her face because he smiled and said, "Then I'll make sure I take my time with him."

Chapter Four

Just as Apollo lifted his hand, preparing to pound on Terese's door one final time before space jumping into her apartment, the door was wrenched open. A man stood in the doorway, smiling at him.

"Who the f**k are you?" Apollo snarled. He didn't like the look of this guy. Didn't like his too perfect dark hair. Didn't like those eerie green eyes or the guy's pale, sickly skin.

"I'm Terese's mate, Eric Montraine." The smile stretched to reveal razor sharp fangs. "And I'm the man who's going to kill you."

Terese's mate. Hot fury knifed through him. "Funny, Terese didn't mention you, but then, we were kind of busy f**king."

The jerk's eyes narrowed.

"And as far as killing me..." Apollo put his hand on the ass**le's chest and shoved him back into the apartment. "That's really not going to happen."

"Apollo!" Terese stared at him with relief and fear coating her expression.

His gaze darted over her, and he instantly saw the blood that trickled down her arm. "What happened to you?"

Her right hand lifted and covered the wound. "I-it's nothing."

He glanced back at the ass**le. "You did that to her." Not a question.

The guy held up his hand and flashed deadly claws. Not human. "Terese has been bad, so she needed to be punished," he said as that freaky-ass smile slipped over his face again. "And so do you..."

"No!" Terese ran forward and put her body between them. "Don't do anything to Apollo. He-he was just prey. I was hungry, so hungry, and I had-"

The smile disappeared. "You're protecting him."

Yeah, she was, Apollo realized. And it was rather humiliating for a god to be protected by anyone else. Hadn't he told her that he was all-powerful? Immortal? Unstoppable? He was sure he'd mentioned those facts once or twice. He didn't need-

"Don't hurt him, Eric," she whispered. "Please."

"Ah...begging already, my dear?"

Oh, that was it. Apollo caught Terese's arms and pushed her behind him. The vamp would pay. "I think I'm gonna have to kick your ass, Drac."

Eric's eyes shined brighter. "Kneel before me," he ordered.

Apollo quirked a brow. "You're kidding me, right?"

Behind him, Terese inhaled sharply. "Don't look into his eyes, Apollo, don't-"

"Kneel!" Eric screamed, veins bulging in his forehead. "Kneel and bare your throat so that I can rip it out."

The guy was a f**king nut job. "Um, no thanks. But how about we do this?" And Apollo drove his fist into the guy's mouth, aiming straight for those white fangs.

Eric fell back. A cry of pain and surprise broke from behind his now bloody lips.

Apollo drew back his fist once more. "Here's a warning, ass**le. For future reference, don't ever f**king touch her again." He drove his fist forward, ready to feel the satisfying crunch of bone-

Eric caught his fist and held it immobile five inches from his face. Blood slipped down Eric's chin and splattered onto his white shirt. "What are you?"

Apollo smiled back at him. "I already told you, I'm the guy who's gonna kick your ass."

Eric growled and slashed out with claws. The swipe drew a well of blood from Apollo's side. "Think again, mortal," Eric snarled.

Mortal. He'd never been called that one before. Ignoring the pain in his side, Apollo rammed his booted foot into Eric's stomach.

The guy barely flinched. But Eric did charge at him with fangs bared and claws extended.

"Stop!" Terese threw a lamp at Eric. Her aim was dead-on as the lamp slammed into the side of the vampire's head. "I told you to leave him alone!"

Both men froze.

Apollo glanced back at her. Her pale face was set in determined lines...and she had another lamp in her hand.

"You would choose him?" Eric gritted as he swiped at the blood on his chin. "After what I did for you?"

"You killed me, Eric! You. Killed. Me. How many times do I have to tell you? I didn't want to become like this! I. Didn't. Want. This!" She was shaking, violent shudders that wracked her entire body.

"You're mine, Terese." Eric's shining gaze locked on her and seemed to brighten. "I'm not going to let you go."

"You never had me." Her knuckles were white as her fingers clenched around the base of the lamp. "Now get the hell out and don't ever come near me again."

Eric glared at her.

"Do what she says," Apollo ordered, his fists ready at his sides. He was tempted, so very tempted, to call on the power of the sun...and burn the vampire to ashes.

But if he did that, Terese would be hurt. She was too close to him, too close to Eric, she'd never be able to withstand the blast of the sun's power.

The anger slowly drained from Eric's face. "This isn't over, Terese," he said, his voice almost...sad?

Her jaw locked. "Yes, it is."

Eric stalked toward her.

Apollo stiffened. "Don't even think about touching her."

"Oh, I'll touch her," now that freaky smile was back, "and I will see you dead."

"Promises, promises..." Apollo taunted.

The vampire growled, then vanished.

* * *

"Oh, shit!" Real terror rocked through Terese when she saw Eric teleport right before her eyes. "He's an elder!" No wonder Eric had been able to control her so easily, to convert her and-

"What," Apollo began carefully as he closed in on her, "is an elder?"

"An ancient vampire." She dropped the lamp and realized that her knees were shaking. Being a vampire hadn't made her immune to human weakness like fear. She was so scared then that she was shaking. "One who has lived for centuries and has the power to prove it." A vampire who could teleport, just as Eric had done when he'd disappeared from her apartment.

Well, at least that explained how he'd managed to get inside her locked home.

And, unfortunately, it also presented her with a whole new slew of problems. Because if Eric could teleport, there would be no safe place for her to hide from him.

She didn't doubt that he'd be back for her. Eric wouldn't just walk away. Things would never be that easy.

He'd be back, and he'd make her pay for her perceived betrayal.

"You're not his mate." Apollo gazed down at her with blazing eyes.

"No." Hell, no.

His fingers circled her injured arm. Warmed the flesh.

"You don't have to-" She began but the dull ache immediately eased as the skin closed. Terese swallowed. "I told you before, I can heal myself. Vampires heal while they sleep."

His hand dropped away, and she missed the warmth of his touch. "Eric's the one who made you into a vampire."

Even though it wasn't a question, she nodded.

"Was he your lover?" Quiet, emotionless words.

"We-we were dating. We'd just been seeing each other for a few weeks. I didn't know what he was." It wasn't like she'd expected her boyfriend to be a vampire.

"Were you lovers?" Not quite so emotionless now. There was anger humming in his voice. Anger or jealousy?

Terese shook her head. "We weren't. Not even after he changed me." She'd thought he would rape her after that first terrible night, but he hadn't. Eric had been waiting, confident that she would turn to him, that she would seek out his lovemaking.

Wrong again, ass**le.

Some of the tension eased from Apollo's shoulders. But his gaze still simmered with emotion when he said, "Don't run from me again."

A broken laugh slipped from her lips. "Don't you get it yet? That's all my life is now. Running." And the running wouldn't stop. Not until Eric was dead.

Killing an elder? Good luck with that one.

"Why did you leave?" His fingers brushed her arm. "Was I...too rough?"

"No." She shook her head. "I liked...everything you did." That was the problem. Terese stepped away from him. "And now I need you to leave."

He blinked. "Run that by me again."

Didn't the guy see that she was fighting to hold on to her control? "Eric is an ancient vampire. One who now hates you." Because of me. "The last thing I wanted to do was put you in danger."

He laughed.

She glared. "I left to protect you, Apollo! I didn't want my hell coming to your home." But he'd followed her, and Eric would know him now.

"I don't fear your vampire." Ah, that cockiness was back in his voice. "He should fear me."

Then his hands wrapped around her and pulled her against him. "Why did protecting me matter to you?"

This was the tough part. "Because...you're special." He'd brought her out of the sunlight. Shielded her. Healed her. "You took care of me. You gave me so much pleasure. I just...I don't want anyone to hurt you." Because her feelings for him were so new and confusing and it almost felt like they were ripping her apart.

"And I won't let anyone hurt you." His words were a vow. "Trust me, Terese. I can protect you." His lips feathered over her jaw. "I can give you everything you need in this world."

Her eyes closed. "I wish I'd met you months ago." Before...

His breath blew against her skin. "I'm here now. That's all that matters. The past is gone..."

As was her human life. She knew that. Time to pony up and deal with it.

"The future is right here."

He raised his head and smiled down at her. Sexy dimples.

"I'm your perfect partner. You can't kill me, no matter how much blood you take. And you can f**k me to your heart's content."

Terese's heart kicked in her chest.

"But it's only gonna be me, do you understand? From here on out, only me." He stared down at her as his hands stroked her flesh. "You need to feed, you feed from me. You need to f**k, you f**k me."

The idea of biting someone else filled her with revulsion. She'd tasted the sweet warmth of Apollo's blood, a blood that was so different from Eric's bitter bile, and even now, she hungered for more of him.

As for wanting another man...well, she'd never wanted anyone the way she wanted him. Never felt such strong passion, had such freaking amazing sex...until him.

His hands slipped beneath the bodice of her dress, and his fingers, those strong, wicked fingers, plucked her ni**les. "Terese, promise me."

She felt her sex moisten. "Only-ah-you."

He growled. "Right answer." He yanked her dress down, baring her br**sts completely. "And I'll only be with you. No one else can even f**king compare." Then his mouth latched onto her right breast, sucking, licking, biting-

Her knees buckled. His arm caught her as she slipped and easily held her upright. "You taste so good," he rasped against her flesh and turned his attention to her other breast. His lips closed over her plump flesh, and he sucked her breast, pulling the nipple deeply into his mouth, using his tongue, his teeth.

But this time, she wanted something...more. "Apollo..."

He pulled back and gazed into her eyes. He was breathing hard, his chest rising and falling jerkily.

"I...want to taste you." Her admission.

He turned his head as he offered his throat.

"No." She took a deep breath. "I want to taste you."

Terese saw the understanding in his eyes. "I-I'll be careful," she promised. Sure, the fangs might put some guys off-

His hands moved to her shoulders and he pushed Terese to her knees.

-but, Apollo wasn't your average guy.

"I like to be sucked hard," he told her as his fingers trailed over her lips.

Her knees were on the wooden floor. Her hand still cradled his cock. Her tongue snaked out, lightly licking the thick head and sweeping away that sweet drop of moisture.

A growl built in his throat. "Open your mouth."

She licked him again, a long, slow lick from base to head.

He shuddered.

Terese knew he wanted to control her, that he wanted to dominate, but she wasn't going to let him. It was her turn to have the power. Her turn to control the pleasure.

Her tongue curled over the head of his arousal.

"Terese...suck my cock."

Her lips opened over him, and she took him inside, just one inch, then she pulled back.

His hands tightened in her hair.

She smiled up at him. Then she took him inside, deep inside, and she sucked him, tight and hard.

"Oh, yes." His eyes closed and he thrust against her mouth. "Just like that."

Her tongue licked the underside of his cock, and she drew him even deeper into her mouth. She could feel the head of his c**k against her throat, feel the rough, thick ridge of his flesh. Her mouth worked him, licking, sucking, and holding him tight with her cheeks and tongue.

His c**k swelled, pulsed, and she knew his orgasm was coming. Arousal flooded her as she worked him, and her fingers trailed down her body, slipped between her legs and rubbed, pushed. There.

She could taste him already. Taste his rich, warm flavor-

"No!" He pulled back, stepping away from her.

Blinking, Terese stared up at him. Her lips were open and trembling. Her hand was buried between her legs-

His eyes widened as he gazed down at her.

She froze as she realized just what she was doing.

Before she could even blush, he grabbed her, jerked her upright, and hauled her over to the sofa. Then he was pushing her onto the cushions, shoving her dress up, and burying that thick c**k in her sex. He thrust into her, driving deep over and over and she loved it, loved it.

Her head thrashed against the sofa. She lifted her hips, shoving against him, wanting to take him deeper, deeper-

Her legs wrapped around his hips. She moaned, a high, keening cry. "More," she gasped, her hips pushing against his. "I want more." She wanted all of him.

He tilted her hips, moving so that his c**k pushed past her clit on every stroke. That rubbing, that friction, had her shuddering and begging.

So much for being in control...

But she wasn't alone. She could tell by the frenzied thrust of hips against her that Apollo's own control had broken.

Her teeth burned, and she longed to bury them in his throat, but she kept her lips closed. She'd already taken from him once that night, and for just a moment, she wanted to pretend that she was a human again, a human with her lover.

And not a vampire hungering for blood.

His c**k stretched her and filled her sex completely. She clamped down on him, loving the feel of his flesh inside her body.

His fingers slipped between her thighs, rubbed against her swollen, sensitive core-

She screamed as her orgasm ripped through her.

Apollo was right behind her. As his body stiffened, she felt the jetting of his se**n inside of her.

Her arms locked around him, and she held him tightly, more tightly than she'd ever held anything or anyone.

Because she realized that he was coming to mean more to her than anyone ever had before...

I could love him.

* * *

His little vampiress was trying to kill him. She had to be. Trying to kill him with sheer, mind-numbing pleasure.

Apollo raised his body off hers and stared down at Terese. Her eyes were closed, her lips parted.

And she was the sexiest thing he'd ever seen.

He kissed her, a quick, light kiss.

She blinked and slowly opened her eyes.

"Don't go to sleep on me yet." His c**k was still buried in her, and her tight sex cradled him in a warm, wet grip.

"I-I wasn't." She stretched slightly, and her delicate inner muscles clenched around him.

His c**k thickened. Again. He'd just pumped his seed into her, just drained his c**k dry, but now he wanted to f**k her again.

Addicted.

"Dawn's coming." Her voice was soft, hushed.

Yeah, he could sense the approach of the sun.

He'd noticed there was only one small window in Terese's place, and it was covered by a thick black curtain.

"It's strange," she murmured, "but I swear it's almost like I can feel the sun rising..." She shook her head and her hair brushed against his arm. "That's never happened before."

Her blue eyes were so dark and deep. They reminded him of the waters off the coast of his native Delos. When a storm approached, the light blue waves turned to a midnight blue, a blue the exact color of her eyes.

He'd like to take her to Delos. Like to walk with her on the white beach as the sun shone down on them and he-

Watched her die.

Apollo closed his eyes.

"Apollo?" Her soft hand touched his cheek. "What's wrong?"

"Nothing." He'd just realized how vulnerable she was. He would have to protect her, have to take extra steps to make certain she stayed safe. "We need to talk." Rising carefully, keeping his c**k nestled in her sex, he carried her toward the bed.

A sexy smile curved her full lips. "Oooh...I like traveling this way."

He lowered her onto the bed and curled on top of her. "Um...the better to keep f**king you, my sweet."

She giggled. Actually giggled. It was the sweetest sound he'd ever heard.

He was in trouble. His gaze narrowed as he stared down at her.

Her eyes were already closing as she snuggled up against him. The woman seemed to fit right into the curve of his arm.

"Will you be here when I wake up?"

He kissed her neck. "There's nowhere else I want to be." Truth.

Her fingers linked with his. "I was afraid."

His body stiffened.

"When Eric changed me, and I realized what I'd become, I was afraid that I'd never be happy again."

He was going to make Eric beg for death.

"But when I'm with you..." Her eyes were still closed and a faint smile tilted her lips. "I keep forgetting that I'm a monster."

"You're not."

"I'm glad I found you in Hades."

His lips brushed her skin once more. "Ah, sweet, don't you realize, it was I who found you?"

But her breathing had eased and he knew that Terese was lost to him in dreams. Apollo didn't move. Didn't leave as he'd done with so many others over the centuries. He just held her, and realized the Fates had finally taken their vengeance on him.

In his arms, he had the one woman he wanted more than any other.

The one he could too easily destroy.

* * *

She would have to be punished.

Eric paced the confines of his room, his teeth burning and his hands clenched into fists.

The blond bastard was probably f**king her now.

Eric closed his eyes and nearly choked on his rage.

He'd found Terese, found her working in that damn gallery, painting those idiotic landscapes-those stupid rising suns. He'd found her, and he'd been the one to transform her.

Not that bastard back at her current hovel.

Terese should have stayed with him. She should have been a good little girl and taken him into her bed. She should have spent her nights showing him her love and undying gratitude for the new life he'd given her.

But, no, the stupid bitch had run. She'd waited until he'd gone to hunt, then she'd fled, disappearing into the night.

Foolish, foolish girl.

Terese wasn't the first he'd transformed. Over the centuries, there had been others. Others that he'd chosen to gift.

Some had stayed with him, serving him night after night...until he'd tired of them. Then he'd had to kill them. But he'd made their deaths quick. Relatively painless.

A few others had been foolish like Terese. They'd fled, they'd fought, and he'd had to punish them. He'd made sure they suffered before they died. They'd deserved no courtesy from him.

Terese would have to suffer, too. He'd thought she was different. That she might finally be the one he needed most.

Pity.

He opened his eyes, but he didn't see the room in front of him. Didn't see the boarded windows or the makeshift bed.

He only saw her. Terese.

The whore who'd betrayed him.

Yes, she would pay.

But, first...he'd have to find a way of dealing with her new protector.

The man had been far too strong for a mere human.

Eric would take care of that bastard first, then he'd go after Terese.

He'd make sure she begged, make sure she cried and pleaded, before he gave her the sweet release of death.

And she would beg...

Chapter Five

A circle of laughing, leering men surrounded Terese.

Apollo paused inside the doorway of Hades, every muscle in his body seeming to turn to stone-and Medusa wasn't even around.

What in the hell did Terese think she was doing?

He'd asked her to meet him there at dusk. He hadn't thought that she'd-

Terese broke away from the circle, her hand outstretched, beckoning, to one of the guys.

Apollo's jaw clenched.

The foolish mortal eagerly followed her-like some kind of damned dog. The mortal was a big, brawny guy with short cropped red hair and muddy brown eyes. He licked his lips as he watched Terese, and, even from across the room, Apollo could smell his lust.

Oh, hell, no. He waved his hand, parting the crowd as he stalked toward them.

He wasn't sure what kind of game Terese thought she was playing, but there'd be no-

Terese opened the back door of Hades and led her mortal out into the alley.

"Terese!"

The dancers around him stilled at the lethal yell. But the back door had already swung shut.

* * *

A heady rush of power swept through her. Terese stared up at the red-head-Jeez, what was his name again? Martin? Marvin?-and felt her bloodlust grow.

The man was completely under her thrall. His gaze was helplessly fixated on her, his pupils dilated to tiny pinpricks.

"Get on your knees," she whispered softly...and he did. He actually lowered to his knees before her! He stared up at her, waiting.

She'd been practicing her thrall over the last week. Little tests at first. Not on Apollo, never on him because she didn't want to take his will away. She'd experimented only on strangers. Just little pushes before, but...

Now this.

A car horn sounded in the distance and laughter drifted in the air around her.

Terese was alone with the guy in the alley. Alone with a guy who outweighed her by at least two hundred pounds, but she wasn't scared. She had all the control. All the power. Finally. "Tilt your head back," she whispered and licked her dry lips.

Instantly, his head cocked, and his throat, that thick, muscled throat, was offered up to her.

Oh, my. Terese swallowed as her gaze drifted to the racing pulse point that tempted her-

"Don't even think about it."

She yelped and spun around at the rough rumble of Apollo's voice.

He stalked out of the building's shadows, his blue eyes glittering with rage. "Get away from him, Terese."

"It's...ah...not what you think." He would have appeared at just that exact moment.

"Oh?" He took another slow step toward her, and the street light fell across his face. His seriously pissed face. "You didn't just bring that guy out here so that you could stick those lovely fangs of yours in his throat?"

Well, the idea really was tempting...especially now that the fellow had his head tilted back so far and his throat was just waiting for her, but- "No. That's not why I'm here." Her fangs burned, but she ignored them.

The guy on the ground shook his head, then blinked groggily. "Wh-what's goin' on?"

Terese could have screamed. She glanced back down at the guy, striving to keep her thrall. "Nothing." Her fingers stroked his hair. "You're just resting for a moment, just resting and-"

Apollo grabbed her hand. "Do. Not. Touch. Him." A tic jerked along his jaw.

But she needed to. She'd found that her compulsions worked a lot better if she touched her prey.

The redhead rose slowly. His brown eyes blinked, then narrowed. "What's goin' on?"

Apollo barely spared him a glance. "Go inside."

The fellow's bushy brows lowered. "Dick, don't you tell me what to do-"

"Fuck off." Apollo turned his head and locked his unblinking gaze on the fellow.

"Man, I will kick your ass!" The man's fingers curled into ham-sized fists.

Terese reached out to touch him. She knew she could bring him back under her compulsion, knew she could calm him down and-

Apollo pulled her to his side. "I told you not to touch him," he gritted.

She swallowed, and a lick of fear shot through her at the lethal expression on his face.

"Mortal, go inside." Apollo's voice shook with power.

The fellow ran inside.

And Terese really, really wanted to run after him.

Because she didn't think being stranded in a deserted alley with an angry god was going to be much fun.

A strange, golden glow seemed to surround Apollo. Her eyes began to water as she gazed at him.

"I thought we went over this..." he muttered, his hand tightening even more around her wrist. "If you want to drink, then you will damn well drink from me."

Her fangs burned. She realized that she wanted, quite badly, to bury her teeth into his flesh.

"Come on, Terese." He yanked her against him. "You want to bite someone? Bite me."

And she did. Her fangs sank into his throat and his sweet blood flowed onto her tongue. His hands curled around her ass and pulled her against the thick length of his arousal.

He groaned when she licked his neck.

By now, she knew all of his weak spots. Just as he knew hers. Each day just made her want him more.

Not just want him, need him.

She lifted her head. "I wasn't going to bite him."

He smiled down at her. "Finally mastered it, huh?"

And she knew that Apollo had been aware of her games.

She nodded.

"He wanted to f**k you." Now her god sounded disgruntled.

Terese arched a brow. "Wasn't going to happen." His blood filled her with power and a humming energy. "I don't want to-"

"Damn, Apollo, are you taking your dates to alleys these days? Cheap ass**le." A man's thundering voice cut across her words.

Apollo swore and turned slowly to face the guy who stood near the entrance of the alley.

Terese followed his gaze. Her eyes widened when she caught sight of a dark haired man with a wicked grin.

"Ares." There wasn't a whole lot of warmth in Apollo's voice. All right, there wasn't any warmth in his voice. "I thought you'd be out of town for another week."

"Don't worry, bro, I'll be leaving soon." His dark stare drifted over Terese and he whistled in appreciation. "I just thought I smelled a surge of power and figured I'd better pop in, you know, in case you were about to kick some ass." His lips twisted. "But apparently, you aren't kicking ass, you're just getting some a-"

"Ares..." A definite warning edge was in Apollo's voice.

The dark man just laughed.

Terese stared at the stranger as curiosity burned within her. Ares. She knew that name. "You're the god of war, aren't you?"

He gave a little bow.

"Oh, great! Him you know!" Apollo wrapped his arm around her shoulder as they faced his brother.

"And who might you be, my lovely?" Ares asked.

"Terese Lafitte."

"It's a pleasure to-"

"Cut the shit and stop hitting on her," Apollo warned.

Ares frowned. "I wasn't hitting on your..." He inhaled, and his eyes narrowed "...little vampire."

She felt Apollo stiffen beside her. "How the hell did you-" he began.

"Her scent." A small shrug. "I've met her kind before." His eyes narrowed. "Even killed a few in my time."

Apollo stepped forward and placed his body squarely in front of Terese's. "Don't even think about it."

Another low rumble of laughter. "Relax, Pol. I'm not going to hurt your...friend."

"Damn right you're not."

Hmmm...she wasn't feeling a whole lot of love for the war god. Peeking over Apollo's shoulder, Terese glared at Ares.

"But there's someone else nearby..." His head cocked to the side. "Someone who wants to hurt her, very badly. I can feel his rage lapping at me."

Eric.

"Where is he?" Apollo demanded.

"Close. Very close." A gleam of what appeared to be anticipation lit the war god's eyes. "Want me to track him?"

"No." Cold. Deadly. "The bastard's mine."

"Huh. So you're not all sunshine and smiles, eh, Pol?"

He didn't answer.

"Good. I always knew there was a reason I let you keep living."

Apollo snorted.

The air around Ares began to shimmer. "If you change your mind, well, you know how to find me."

"I can handle this guy on my own."

"Yeah, killing vamps should be child's play for you, sunny boy." With a wink, Ares disappeared.

Terese blinked, then glanced around the dark alley. She didn't feel quite so powerful anymore. Actually, she felt scared. There's someone else nearby... "I-is he out here?" Was Eric watching her? Watching them?

"No, if he were here, Ares would have told me." Apollo's gaze scanned the darkness.

Dammit, why couldn't it be over? Why couldn't Eric just leave her alone?

"Don't worry, I'll take care of him." The back of Apollo's hand caressed her cheek.

"What-what do you mean?" She didn't like the idea of Apollo going up against Eric. The guy was an elder, who knew what he could do? "I think we should just stay away from him." Far away.

He snorted. "Yeah, that's a plan." He linked his hand with hers and pulled her close to him. "I need to get you some place safe, then I'll hunt him and-"

"No!" She stared at him in disbelief. Surely he didn't think she was just going to sit all comfy and cozy somewhere while he went out and faced Eric. "I'm not going to let you hunt him alone."

But he just laughed. "Trust me, I can take him out." Such total confidence.

Her eyes narrowed as she studied him. What had Ares said? Killing vamps should be child's play for you, sunny boy. She swallowed, a really, really bad feeling rising in her stomach. "What did Ares mean, about you killing vampires?"

His eyelids lowered in a barely perceptible flinch. If she hadn't been watching him so closely, she wouldn't have seen the telling movement. "Apollo?"

His lips thinned. "I'll tell you, but, first, I want to get you out of this alley." His arms looped behind her, and he pulled her flush against him. "I want to jump back home."

Jump. "You mean...space jump?" That was what he'd called it before.

A quick nod. "It's the safest way. We'll disappear and if that bastard's watching, he won't know where the hell we went."

Her fingers dug into his waist. "How does this work exactly?" Jumping through space, that seemed dangerous. "I mean, is it like on Star Trek when the crew members look like they're disintegrating?"

His lips quivered and she knew he fought a smile. "No, sweetheart. We're not going to disintegrate. We're just gonna move really, really fast."

"Oh, okay." Moving fast didn't sound so bad.

"Now, hold on tight, and don't let go, no matter what happens."

No matter what happens. Um...back to sounding bad. "Apollo, I don't understand, why-"

Too late.

A strange howling filled her ears, and the alley darkened as the cement walls faded away.

A blur of light whipped past her body. Hands yanked at her flesh.

Terese screamed and clung to Apollo, holding on to her god with all her strength.

Chapter Six

"Are you all right?"

Terese cracked open one eye and managed to glare at him. "Are we done jumping?"

With an effort, Apollo managed not to laugh. "Uh, yeah, we're done." They were back at his place, and Terese was currently curled in the fetal position on his bed.

Her other eye opened. "I don't ever, ever want to do that again."

"Sorry, I should have told you that jumping could be a little unsettling at first."

"Yeah, a little." She sat up, rubbing her arms. Then she bit her lip. "Do you think we're safe now?"

He hoped so, but he really didn't know how powerful Eric was.

There was someone who could tell him, someone who always seemed to know everything about mortal and immortal life-

Zeus. His all-knowing, arrogant sire.

He'd have to jump to Olympus and pay his old man a visit to see what the bastard knew.

Terese stretched out on the bed. "Dawn's coming."

Apollo blinked. The windows were completely covered. Not even a trace of light from the outside shone in. With each day that passed, Terese seemed to sense the dawn's power more and more.

The mattress dipped when he crawled into the bed with her. "There's something I've been wanting to ask you."

Her arms wrapped around him, and she cuddled close, resting her cheek on his shoulder. "What's that?" she asked, her voice soft.

"What were you like...before?" Before Eric had found her, before he'd transformed her into a vampire. Before there'd been fear in her eyes.

Her head lifted and she gazed at him, a small line pulling down her brows. "What do you mean?"

"Well, what did you do for a living?" Such a simple, normal question. And it was so important to him.

He wanted to know Terese. To know the woman she'd been, to know the woman she'd become.

"I-I was an artist." She lifted her right hand and gazed down at her nails. "I always had paint on me. On my clothes, in my hair." She turned her hand toward him. "Under my nails."

He caught her hand in his, brought it to his mouth, and kissed her fingers. "What did you paint?"

Her smile faded as sadness slipped across her face. "I liked to paint the outdoors. Landscapes. Sunsets. The morning light trickling over a pond..." She swallowed and for a moment, tears shimmered in her eyes. "I wasn't an artistic genius or anything, but I-I enjoyed the painting. It made me happy."

And she made him happy. He put her hand on his chest, right over his heart. "I'd like to see some of your work."

She stilled.

"Terese?"

"My home burned. The paintings, everything. When I escaped from Eric, I went there first and it was...destroyed."

He'd bet that ass Eric had done it. Oh, but he couldn't wait to get his hands on that jerk.

Soon.

Terese turned her head and gazed at the shuttered window. "You know, I should be sleepy by now. Usually, I can barely keep my eyes open when the sun rises." She glanced back at him. "But today, I don't feel as tired."

He cocked a brow. "Well, then maybe I can help you to expend some of that energy you have."

A full smile slipped over her lips. "Just what did you have in mind?"

Apollo didn't tell her, but he did show her, and soon her sweet moans filled his ears.

* * *

When she slept, Apollo space jumped to Olympus. Terese had stayed awake for half the day, and he knew that he would have to hurry so he'd be able to return before darkness fell.

He wasted little time in traveling to Olympus. Filled with sparkling gold streets, elaborate temples and glistening fountains, Olympus was truly a paradise for the gods.

He wondered if Terese would like it there.

"Hello, Apollo."

At the deep, rumbling voice, he spun around to find Poseidon, the god of the sea, strolling slowly toward him.

He tensed at the sight of the other god. Second only to Zeus, Poseidon was known to be damn strong, and the guy was almost as unpredictable as Ares.

Apollo nodded cautiously. "Poseidon." It took a lot to get Poseidon out of his watery realm.

A muscle jerked in Poseidon's jaw. "Have you seen the Fates?"

Not lately, thank Zeus. Though he was sure they were off someplace laughing at hm. Apollo shook his head.

"Dammit!" The ground beneath them began to tremble. A sure sign that Poseidon was royally pissed. The guy had been known to start more than a few earthquakes.

"I'm tired of waiting," he snarled. "They promised her to me, they promised! I should have found her by now." His eyes reflected a stark hunger, and lines of pain were etched onto his face.

Apollo suddenly understood what, or who, had brought Poseidon to Olympus.

His mate. Apollo had heard the stories, of course. All the gods and goddesses had. One woman, a daughter of the land, was destined to be the sea god's queen.

The Fates had foretold their bond centuries before.

Centuries...

No wonder the guy was pissed.

Poseidon's hands clenched into fists. "I need her."

Yeah, Apollo could understand that. But as bad as he felt for the other god, he didn't have time for this drama. He had his own woman to worry about. "Look, I need to find Zeus. Do you know where he is?" The sooner he found his old man, the sooner he'd be able to permanently eliminate Eric from Terese's life.

"No, I haven't seen my brother. He's probably off somewhere with Hera." Then Poseidon muttered something, something that sounded like lucky bastard.

That wasn't helpful-

"Apollo!"

He turned at the shout and found his twin sister Artemis running toward him and waving happily. She threw herself into his arms, and he grunted under the impact. "Uh, hi, sis."

Artemis pushed back, and gazed at him with merry light blue eyes, eyes exactly like his. "I didn't know you were coming home."

A snarl broke the air behind them. They both glanced back to see Poseidon shimmer out of sight. He was off, no doubt, to continue hunting for the Fates. And his mate.

"Apollo?" Artemis stroked his cheek. "Why didn't you let me know you were coming back to Olympus?"

"Because I'm not here to stay."

Disappointment clouded her lovely features. "But I've missed you so."

And he'd missed her, but Terese needed him. He didn't want her to wake alone. "Someone's waiting for me," he told her softly. "I have to go back to her."

"To her?" Her jaw dropped.

The last thing he wanted to do was sit through one of his sister's grillings. "Look, I don't have much time. Where's Zeus?" The sooner he got his answers, the sooner he could get back to his vampiress.

Artemis shrugged. "I don't know. He and that bitch Hera disappeared somewhere." Artemis hated, hated Hera. Artemis had despised Hera since she'd just been a small girl and she'd learned the truth about what the goddess had done to their mother.

Apollo didn't exactly feel all warm and tingly toward her. If Hera had gotten her way, he and Artemis never would have been born.

When Hera had learned that Zeus's lover was pregnant, she'd used her power to prevent the mortal from giving birth anywhere within the world. She'd thought that if Leto couldn't find a place to birth her children, then both Leto and the offspring she carried would all die. Talk about your wicked bitch.

Luckily for Apollo and his family, the island of Delos had disobeyed Hera. His mother had received refuge there. And he and Artemis had been given life.

Delos. His beautiful island. So gorgeous in the sunlight.

The sunlight Terese would never get to see again.

Artemis touched his cheek. "Why are you sad, brother?"

Trust Artemis to read him so easily. "I have someone I care about, back in New Olympus. She's in danger."

"Bring her here," she said, nodding firmly. "She'll be safe here-"

"It's not that simple." He sighed. "She's a vampire."

"A vampire?"

Apollo nodded.

Delighted laughter burst past her lips. "Oh, that's too good. The sun god and a vampire, how insane is-"

He began walking away from her. "If Zeus isn't here, then-"

"Wait!" She grabbed his arm. "Why-why do you have to talk to Zeus?"

"Because another vampire is after Terese, the vampire who transformed her, and I need to know how strong that ass**le is."

The laughter slipped away from her expression. "Did you say Terese?" For a moment, her face glowed with power. "Terese Lafitte, converted by Eric Montraine?"

How the hell did she know that? He gave a quick nod.

Artemis swallowed. "Eric's strong. Very strong. He's been running under my moon for nearly a millennium."

Running under her moon? "What are you talking about?"

Her lips curved into a half-smile. "Apollo, you never really understood about us, did you? You are the sun, all that should be good and strong, but I-I am the moon, the guardian of the dark night, and of all those who dwell within that darkness."

He grabbed her arms. "Tell me what you know of Eric."

Her eyes changed, the blue fading. "He hunts her. Stalks her."

Yeah, yeah, he already knew that. He fought the urge to shake Artemis.

"He took her blood, so he can track her and find her anywhere."

His heart seemed to freeze. "Anywhere?"

Her gaze lightened as the bright blue returned to her eyes. "He knows where she is. He seeks her...now."

Chapter Seven

Terese awoke with the setting of the sun. She sat up in the bed, pushed the covers back and stretched slowly.

Apollo wasn't in the bed with her. But a small white note lay folded on his pillow. She picked up the note and unfolded it carefully.

Go into the den. I have a surprise for you.

Terese climbed from the bed and belted her robe. A surprise? Her lips curved as excitement filled her. She couldn't remember the last time she'd gotten a surprise. Not anything that she wanted to be surprised with, anyway.

Being turned into a vamp hadn't exactly been her idea of a "good" surprise.

She pushed open the bedroom door and hurried down the hallway. She rounded the corner, headed into the den, and froze.

Oh, my God. Her gaze locked on the canvases. On the easels. On the paints.

Terese ran across the room. She stroked the soft tips of the paint brushes. And there were dozens of brushes. All sizes. And the paint...so much paint. Every shade imaginable.

A bubble of laughter escaped her.

Apollo had given art back to her. He'd given her-

A floorboard squeaked behind her. Terese turned, her arms open, a smile on her lips. "Apollo, thank you-"

Apollo wasn't standing behind her.

Terese's smile disappeared as terror filled her.

No, it wasn't Apollo. The man standing there, less than two feet away...was Eric.

"Hello, my dear," he purred silkily. Then he lunged for her, claws outstretched, fangs bared.

She screamed.

* * *

The air shimmered, and Apollo appeared back in the cabin's bedroom. "Terese!"

The bed was empty.

He ran into the den, screaming her name.

And he froze at the sight before him.

The art supplies, the supplies he'd painstakingly gathered for her before jumping to Olympus, were destroyed. The canvases were slashed. Brushes were thrown across the room. Paint stained the floor, a hideous splash of red and black.

In the middle of the chaos, lying abandoned in a puddle of paint...was Terese's robe.

"No!" He grabbed the robe, clutching the soft fabric, his fingers staining red. "Artemis!" he screamed. "Artemis, I need you!"

His sister flashed into the room. Her face blanched when she saw the destruction surrounding Apollo.

"Where is he?" he snarled.

She shook her head. "I-I don't know."

Apollo stalked toward her with the robe still clenched in his fingers. "You knew he was after her. You knew who he was, knew how long he'd been a vampire."

Artemis stared at him, her lips trembling.

"Now tell me where the dick is so that I can kill him!"

"I-I don't know where he is. I can't feel him right now."

Fury blasted through him.

"But...I sense her."

He stilled, desperate hope filling him. "Terese?"

She nodded.

"Then she's still alive." Thank Zeus. He'd go after her, bring her back, make certain she was safe and-

"For the moment," his sister whispered sadly.

* * *

When Terese opened her eyes, every part of her body ached.

She'd fought with Eric. She'd clawed. She'd bit. She'd kicked.

But, in the end, she'd been no match for him.

Apollo. She hated to think of Apollo going back to the cabin and finding the destruction that had been left behind.

He'd tried so hard to protect her, but Eric had still taken her away.

And, now-now he was going to kill her.

"Hello, again," Eric's taunting voice floated from the darkness. "I see you're back with me."

Terese tried to rise, tried to jerk up and run-

But she couldn't move. Her wrists were chained, stretched out high above her head. And her legs were manacled, spread-eagled on the ground and locked to thick stone chains that had been driven deep into the earth.

Eric's face appeared before her. His pale, handsome face. The face of an angel, cloaking the devil. "Terese, it seems I've finally got you where I want you."

No, no-

His claws stroked her cheek. Slid down and scraped her throat. "Guess what's going to happen to you, sweet Terese?"

Bile rose in her throat. She couldn't stand for him to touch her. Could. Not. Stand. It.

And she was naked. He'd stripped the robe from her at the cabin and left it behind for Apollo. "So he'd know I have his whore."

"After I first gifted you..."

Gifted her? "You mean when you cursed me," she snarled, her wrists straining against the chains.

The tips of his claws bit into her skin. She felt blood trickle down her neck.

"After I gifted you, all you could talk about was seeing the sun again. How you wanted to walk in the daylight, wanted to feel the warmth on your skin."

Yes, yes, she'd talked about the sun. She'd cried. Begged to see it again.

But Eric had told her the sun would be her death, and she'd soon learned that he was right. The touch of sunlight on her flesh was a burning agony. No longer the sweet, soothing glow she remembered as a human.

"I've decided to grant your wish, my Terese." His breath, cold, rancid, blew across her cheek. "You want the sun, so I'm going to give it to you."

Oh, no. Horror filled her. "You can't-"

His teeth sank into her throat, ripping, tearing.

She screamed and struggled to get away from him. Twisting, squirming-

But she couldn't get away. The chains held her prisoner. Held her trapped between his piercing fangs and the hard ground.

* * *

The night was ebbing. Apollo had been searching for Terese for hours, but he still hadn't found her. Soon, very soon, dawn would arrive.

Artemis had told him that Eric had taken Terese back to Louisiana, but she couldn't tell him exactly where in Louisiana the bastard was.

He turned on her, body tense with fury and fear. "I need more, Artemis." He'd gone to Baton Rouge, thinking that maybe Eric had returned to Terese's home. But he'd searched and searched, and he still couldn't sense her.

And his sister couldn't hone in on the vampire.

Tears spilled down her cheeks. "I-I'm sorry, I can't-"

The sky lightened. A pink hue appeared on the horizon.

Dawn.

* * *

She couldn't move.

Terese lay on the ground as blood trickled from her throat. Her hands were limp in the chains.

He'd nearly drained her dry.

Eric laughed, the grating sound far too close for her comfort. "My poor Terese. So weak, so ready for death."

No, no she wasn't ready. She tried to gather her strength-

But found she had none.

Her lashes began to droop.

The sun was coming. She could feel it. She seemed to always feel it these days.

"Ah...and now for your wish."

Her wish? Right then, she just wished he'd die. The sick, psychotic-

"The sun's rising. Soon, you'll feel it's warmth on your flesh, right before it melts that flesh from your bones." He bent toward her and pressed a light kiss against her dry lips. She tasted her own blood as he whispered, "Goodbye."

Then he vanished, and the sun began to rise.

* * *

Apollo stared at the rising sun, his heart racing.

Where was Terese?

Not in the light, just not in the light-

Artemis cried out, "He just jumped! I felt him!" Excitement lit her eyes. "I've got him now."

He took her hand, held on tight, and ordered, "Take me to him." To Terese.

The air shimmered, the wind howled, and they disappeared.

* * *

Eric climbed down the steps leading to the basement in his manor. A faint smile curved his lips, and drying blood coated his chin.

Apollo waited until the bastard took that last step, waited until he was right in front of him-

Then he leapt forward, punching the vampire with all his might, sending him flying back across the room.

Eric crashed into the stone wall, a startled grunt emerging from his lips. But then he rose, dusted off his clothes, and flashed his twisted, evil smile. "I was wondering when you would show up," he said, tilting his head. "Oh, and you brought company." He licked his lips as he eyed Artemis. "You look...familiar to me. Have I dined on you before?"

She lunged toward him, but Apollo hauled her back. "He's mine."

The vampire smirked.

Apollo stalked toward him. "Where's Terese?" He'd already scanned the manor. There was no sign of her.

"Terese?" Eric's eyes widened and he made a faint humming sound. "Oh, poor Terese..."

"Where is she?" His power swirled within him, desperate to be unleashed.

Eric took one slow, gliding step toward him. "Right now, I'd imagine she's in hell. Burning, slowly, in hell."

"What?" A terrible, dark fear filled him. Burning...No, no, not Terese-

"The lovely Terese longed for the sun, so I gave it to her."

No!

"Your little whore is dead by now. Ashes to ashes..."

Apollo lifted his hands. They were glowing, shaking with the power bursting through him.

"Apollo..." There was fear in his sister's voice. "Hold onto your control-"

His control. He'd always been so careful. Always kept the power within him coiled tightly so that he wouldn't hurt another.

But now, Terese was gone. Lovely Terese with her mysterious eyes and her slow, sexy smile.

Gone.

Ashes to ashes...

The room began to shake.

"Apollo..." Artemis reached for him, her fingers brushing his arm, but she drew back, gasping, when her hand was singed.

The power of the sun filled him. The deadly, burning power. "Leave," he ordered his sister.

"No, no, I won't leave you-"

"Leave!" A roar. The ceiling above them trembled as bits of rock and mortar rained down.

The vampire scrambled back.

Artemis disappeared.

Eric lifted his hands, began to shimmer-

Apollo grabbed him, holding him tight, and smiled when his hands charred the vampire's flesh. "You're not going anywhere."

Eric howled. The scent of burnt flesh filled the air.

"Tell me where to find Terese."

"She's dead! The whore's dead!"

His hands glowed brighter. He tightened his hold on Eric, ready to burn every inch of flesh from his body. "Tell me."

Eric screamed in agony, then began talking, fast. "O-outside of N-New Orleans. S-swamp. T-Take them a-all th-there."

Apollo dropped the vampire. Eric fell to the floor. The vamp stared at his blackened skin and moaned softly.

"She'd better still be alive," Apollo snarled.

I'm coming, Terese. I'm coming.

Eric lifted his head and the fool glared at him. "She's d-dead. I d-drained her, and left her to b-burn in the-"

He never finished speaking. Apollo unleashed the power of the sun, letting it fill the room, letting it burn, letting it destroy, letting it devour.

Eric's horrified screams filled the air.

Ashes to ashes, bastard.

* * *

Apollo crept slowly through the swamp, all of his senses on high alert. The sun had risen fully now. Its golden beams spilled over the earth, warming, lighting.

Killing.

If Terese were in the sun, if she was out there-

He stumbled into a clearing. Saw chains. Long, thick, stone chains.

And a woman. A woman with tousled black hair. Naked skin-

"Terese!" He ran to her, yanking off his shirt. He had to cover her, had to-

Her dark blue eyes were open, and she stared straight up at the sun. "It's so beautiful."

"Terese?" He touched her carefully and was stunned to see that her flesh was perfect. No burns marred her ivory skin.

She blinked at his voice and turned her head slowly, oh, so slowly, toward him. "Apollo?"

His fingers stroked her cheek. The cheek that felt warm-warm from the sun. "Yeah, sweetheart, it's me."

A tear spilled from her eye and trickled down her cheek. "Am I dead?"

No. He jerked open the chains and pulled her into his arms. "No, no, you're alive." Her head fell limply onto his shoulder. "Terese?" Her lashes closed. "Terese!"

I d-drained her-

He shoved his wrist against her fangs. "Drink from me, sweetheart." She didn't move. "Drink!" Please.

The sun blazed down on them.

Her lips moved, lightly at first, then harder as her teeth sank into his flesh. He felt the pleasure/pain of her bite as her teeth pierced his wrist.

He pulled her closer, bent his head over her, and curled his body protectively over her slight frame.

She was alive.

Her tongue licked his flesh and then she pulled back as she lifted her gaze to meet his. "Y-you found me."

Emotion choked him and he could only manage to nod.

"I-I was afraid I wouldn't see you a-again," she whispered. "Eric-"

"Don't worry about him." His arms tightened around her. "He's dead."

Her breath caught. Then her eyes widened as she gazed up at him and she saw the light spilling around him. "Th-the sun. I'm in the sun." She lifted her hand, staring at her flesh as her lips trembled. "Why don't I b-burn?"

He didn't know, he was just damn grateful. He pulled his shirt over her, then stood, lifting her with him. The sooner he got her out of the sun, the better, just in case.

"Don't worry, Apollo, the light can't burn her now." Artemis said, appearing at his side.

Terese gave a small yelp at his sister's appearance and clutched him tighter.

"What do you mean?" he asked.

Artemis lifted a brow and gazed meaningfully at his bloody wrist. "She's had your blood. Quite a few times, I imagine."

"Who is she?" Terese whispered, her lips brushing his ear.

"My sister."

"Oh." She offered a faint smile to Artemis. "Um, hello."

"Why doesn't the light burn her?" He frowned at Artemis. He was missing something.

"Because she has your blood," Artemis repeated patiently. "She's been drinking from you, right?"

He nodded and flushed slightly at the knowing look in his sister's gaze.

"Apollo, as the sun god, your blood is incredibly strong. And when she took that blood, well, she got some of your power." Her gaze locked with Terese's. "You can control the light now, like Apollo. So that means the sun can't hurt you."

Terese's lips parted and a peal of delighted laughter filled the air. "Apollo, I don't have to stay in the dark anymore!"

She looked so happy, so very beautiful with the golden light around her. He bent his head, wanting to taste the joy on her lips-

"Not as long as you take Apollo's blood," Artemis said softly.

And just like that, her joy vanished. "Wh-what?"

Artermis's lips thinned. "As long as you keep drinking from Apollo, you'll be immune to the burn of the light. But as soon as you stop..."

"I'll burn again," Terese whispered.

She nodded.

Dammit. Apollo tightened his arms around her. There was a hell of a simple solution to this mess. But he wanted to talk to Terese alone, not with his sister peering at them.

He glared at Artemis, hoping she'd take the hint.

But she just stood there, looking all tragic, just like Terese.

Enough was enough. "I'm taking Terese home."

"Home?" Artemis blinked. "You mean, your place here in-"

"No. Home." It was past time his little vampiress saw his island. He'd been longing to see her strolling on his white beach under the sunlit sky.

"Are you sure about this?" Artemis asked.

"I don't understand-" Terese began.

"Very sure." He called forth his power. Felt the telling change in the air. "But don't worry, sis, I'll invite you to the wedding."

Chapter Eight

"Wedding?" Terese managed to shriek the minute the world stopped spinning.

Apollo grinned down at her, his dimples winking, and those sexy blue eyes flashing. "Yeah. Wedding."

She pushed against his arms and struggled to her feet. But the minute her feet touched the sandy shore, her knees gave way.

He caught her right before she plopped face-first onto the beach. "You need more blood."

Yes, she did, but she wasn't going to drink from him. Not now, not when she knew-

He pulled her close to his chest, lowered his head toward her, and exposed that tempting neck of his. "Take what you need, Terese."

"No." She clenched her teeth. "I-I can't take anymore from you."

"Why not?" He glared at her. "Haven't we been over this? You're a vampire, you need blood. I'm an immortal, your perfect supplier."

Terese shook her head. Too much had happened. She needed to think.

The sun! She was actually in the sun!

She glanced away from him. Her gaze roved to the pristine white beach. The sand was so soft, so pure...it looked like sugar. And the glistening water...so dark and blue. The waves brushed the shore, white caps streaming in a beautiful banner.

"This is my home," he whispered as his lips trailed down her cheek. "Delos. My sister and I were born here many, many years ago."

"I-it's beautiful." It was. Paradise. She wished that she had her paints so that she could capture this raw beauty on a canvas.

"My mother was one of Zeus's lovers. One of his many damned lovers."

She ached at the pain in his voice.

"When she got pregnant, Hera was so furious that she cursed the earth, determined that no land would allow my mother to birth us. Hera wanted us all to die, you see."

"I-I'm sorry."

He took a deep breath. "This island resisted her curse. It welcomed my mother. My sister. Me. It's been my home, my refuge, for as long as I can remember." A brief pause. "And when we marry, it will be your home, too."

Marry. Okay, why did he keep saying that? "We aren't getting married," she gritted, pulling back.

His brilliant blue eyes narrowed. "Why not?"

Why not? Did the man want a list? "Because I'm a vampire, for starters! Remember? I need blood-"

"And you can take mine."

"I can't stay in the sun-"

He grabbed her arm. "Yes, you can. With my blood, you can stay in the sun forever."

Her fingers trembled. She balled her hands into fists. "You give me blood. You give me sunlight. Hell, Apollo, it's all about me, don't you see that? It's not right!" He deserved...more. So much more than she could give him. "Since I met you, you've been protecting me, helping me. Saving me. But it has to stop. It's not fair to you, you shouldn't have to-"

He kissed her. Hard. Deep. His tongue plunged past her lips, claimed her mouth, left her hungry and aching.

"I want you," he rasped as his head lifted. "Every time I see you, every time I smell your sweet scent, I want you."

But wanting wasn't enough. Not enough for an eternity. "And what happens when you stop wanting me? When you grow tired of me?" He'd leave her. She'd go back to the darkness.

"I'll never grow tired of you. Never."

Terese shook her head. "It won't work-"

"Do you want me?" he asked her softly, cutting through her words.

Helplessly, she nodded.

"Do you-do you care for me?"

Care for him? Care didn't even begin to cover how she felt, and that was why she couldn't stay with him. With every moment she spent with him, her feelings grew. Soon, very soon, she'd be in too deep. When he left-

"I love you, Terese."

"Wh-what?" No, no, surely he hadn't just said-

His gaze held hers. "I've fought for you. Killed for you. Did you ever wonder why?"

She could only stare at him, stunned.

He smiled. "I don't normally go around offering to spend the rest of my very long life with women I just want."

He loved her. "Y-you deserve more. Someone who is whole, someone-"

Anger flashed in his gaze. "You are whole."

"Someone who can walk in the light with you-"

"You can."

"Only if I take your blood!"

His gaze held hers. "Don't you understand? Can't you see? You are my blood. My heart. My life. Everything, Terese. Everything. From the moment I first touched you."

Desperate hope filled her. "Apollo..."

"But if you don't want to be with me, I'll let you go." He stepped back, and his hands fell away. "I'm not like that sick bastard Eric. I won't force you to stay when your heart wants to be free."

No, no, he wasn't like Eric. Could never be. Apollo was strong. Good. Her light. "My heart wants to be with you," she whispered, certainty rising in her chest. "I-I love you." She didn't even know when she'd begun to love him. When he'd rescued her from the burning sun? When he'd healed her wounds? Given her back her art?

Or had it been that first night? When she'd looked up and seen his blue gaze watching her with hunger in that smoke filled bar?

He pulled her into his arms. Kissed her with fierce need. She realized it didn't really matter when she'd begun to love him.

It only mattered that she did love him. That she'd love him forever.

"I want to marry you, before all the gods and goddesses in Olympus," Apollo told her, his voice gruff with emotion.

Uh, oh...that sounded a bit scary. But she nodded. She'd do anything for him.

Her Apollo. Her sun god.

"I'll take care of you," he said, his mouth inches from hers. "I'll keep you safe, love you-"

"And I'll love you." A grin spread across her face. "In darkness...and in light," Terese vowed.

He laughed softly and lowered her onto the soft sand.

Yes...in darkness and in light.

Forever.

