Prologue

The fire came at him, fast and hot. The orange flames licked across the floor, climbed the walls, and rolled in hungry waves.

The screams filled his ears. His mother's cries. She called for him, over and over, but he didn't answer her. Couldn't. The flames and smoke had stolen his breath, and all he could do was watch.

So beautiful. The flames danced for him. Danced and whispered. Crackled and rose. He couldn't look away. Didn't want to.

Smoke billowed around him, trapping him in a fog. His fingers curled tight over his precious prize. Won't let go. Won't ever let go.

The fire touched him, biting his arm, but he didn't cry out.

He just watched.

And his mother stopped screaming. Just like his dad had stopped. He'd stopped long ago...

The flames were bigger. Rolling toward him now. Faster, faster. So hot. His lips began to curl.

Then the monsters came. Giant beasts with long noses, robot eyes, and tubes shooting from their mouths.

One grabbed him, slapping at his left arm, and he screamed.

But the monster didn't let him go.

Water shot at the flames. Cold, icy water that hit his skin.

The monster's arms were tight around him. And then the monster ran, taking him right through the thick smoke and letting him see those dancing flames again.

Again. More.

The fresh air hit him. He choked at the first taste and the monster was there, always there, but yanking off a mask and it was-

A man. "The kid's alive! Get me some oxygen! Get the damn EMTs over here!"

More hands. Touching. Stroking. Hurting. Another man shoved a mask over his face. No, don't want it, don't want-

The mask pressed too hard against his nose and mouth.

The same man rubbed something ice-cold on his arm right over the fire's kiss. Then the guy wrapped bandages around him and slapped tape around the edges.

They put him on a stretcher. As they hauled him toward an ambulance, he saw his house. Firefighters stood on the roof, swinging with their axes, sending fire and smoke billowing into the sky.

The windows at the front of his home exploded, and giant shards of glass flew onto the porch.

Firefighters ran out of the doorway, yelling. One had his mother in his arms.

She wasn't moving, and her body...

He glanced down at his hand, still clenched so tight around his prize.

"It's gonna be okay, boy. You're gonna be fine..." This came from the man who'd pulled him out. A big guy, with red cheeks and dark green eyes. "You're safe now."

But his mom wasn't. Neither was his dad.

A shout came, an order for backup, and the man turned away.

His fingers uncurled.

The match lay in his hand. The red tip was black now.

"Got to be arson, sir... the way the fire is spreading... accelerant..." Another firefighter, talking fast to a guy with a big radio.

He let the match slide from his fingers. It fell to the ground and sank into the grass.

"All right, kid." The EMT was back. Looking pale, tense. "It's time to get you to the hos-"

"My mom's dead."

The man swallowed. "I'm sorry."

He looked at that fire. So bright now. "My dad, too?" He already knew.

"We got a call in to your grandparents-"

He didn't cry. Didn't blink.

"We're gettin' you to the hospital." A woman appeared at his side. They lifted him up and put him in the back of the ambulance. The doors slammed closed, shutting out the fire.

But I wanted to watch. His lips tightened.

He looked at his palm. He could see the black marks from the match.

The siren screamed on.

And he smiled.

CHAPTER One

Choosing to run into a burning building probably wasn't the smartest decision he'd ever made. Then again, sadly, it wasn't his dumbest either.

Kenton Lake choked in a deep breath of air-already tasted the smoke-then lifted his arm over his mouth. Some jobs just sucked.

He went into the wall of smoke. Ah, hell.

His nostrils burned. Heat scored his flesh, but he heard the voice calling, the same voice that had lured him to the building, lured him across the street and into this inferno.

"H-help! Dammit, h-help me!"

His informer. Upstairs. In the middle of the flames and fury.

He jerked off his jacket, covered his mouth, and tried to stay as low to the floor as he could.

His eyes burned, and the ash and fire singed his nostrils. How the hell had this happened? He was investigating arson, not supposed to get drawn into-

Part of the ceiling fell behind him.

Kenton glared up at the long row of stairs. Ten-to-one odds they'd fall away before he got to the top.

Ten to one.

"H-help..."

Weaker.

He took the stairs. One. Two. Three.

And, yep, they gave way just when he reached stair number four. Kenton went down, hard. The broken wood bit into his arms and legs, and the fire flew toward him.

A blast of water shot out, hard and fast, slamming into the flames.

Someone grabbed him, hauled him up, and a hand locked tight around his arm. Kenton found himself staring right at a firefighter.

He caught a smoky glimpse of narrowed eyes behind a clear eye shield. Kenton had a fast impression of a thick, black helmet and a brown uniform-

The firefighter shoved him forward, obviously trying to send him toward the front of the building.

Hell, no.

More firefighters swarmed around him, battling the fire. Some struck out with axes, some scrambled into the rooms.

Couldn't they hear the voice calling for help?

He tried to break free and jump for those stairs. There was a gap, he could make it, he might-

The firefighter who'd grabbed him before dragged him right back and gave a hard negative shake of that black helmet.

Screw that, he wasn't leaving a victim behind-

He wrenched away.

Then the firefighter slugged him. Hard. Right in his jaw. Damn, one hell of a hit.

Kenton went down.

The firefighter's arms wrapped around him. Another grabbed him. Another.

Then they dragged his ass out of the flames.

"Idiot!" The snarl came at him the minute the oxygen mask was shoved onto his face. Kenton looked up, gaze narrowed against the smoke that still burned his eyes, and saw the firefighter-the ass**le who'd slugged him-jerk off his helmet and mask-

Um, her helmet and mask. Not a man, there. No way.

He swallowed and choked a bit.

He could make out her eyes better now. Gorgeous, shimmering gold, so clear and deep and-

He threw the oxygen mask aside and leaped to his feet. "You left a man in there!"

Those golden eyes widened. Very slowly, she lifted her right hand, a fragile hand that had packed a whole lot of punch, and pointed to the left.

A fire truck ladder was lowering as it moved away from the building. And a man was on the ladder. Older, with stooped shoulders and a soot-stained face. A firefighter had him in a tight grip, and the guy appeared to be coughing up a lung.

"Got him," she said sweetly, her voice a slow drawl of the South that reminded him of a teammate at the Bureau.

His gaze flew back to her. He looked now, really looked. Short blond hair, wet from sweat and the heat, was molded to her head. Her face was all strong angles, with a sharp, pointed chin. Wide, golden eyes. Cat eyes. Not conventionally pretty. Not really.

But with those full lips, those cheekbones and, damn, those eyes-sexy.

Definitely sexy.

Her hands were on her hips now. He couldn't tell a thing about the shape of her body, not in that thick uniform, but she was tall, just a few inches shy of his own six foot three.

Probably long and lean, and he usually liked them a bit softer around the edges and-

"Wanna tell me why you've got a death wish, GQ?"

GQ? He glanced down at his ruined suit. Right. So she was funny. Or wanted to be. "I heard..." He coughed and had to pause to clear his throat and breathe. "I heard... him calling for help." He wouldn't tell her the guy was his informant, not yet. That was on a need-to-know basis. Bedroom eyes didn't need to know that yet.

Those eyes. Impressive, really. They were so big that he was surprised she'd gotten them to go so mean and small, so fast. "Firefighters fight the flames." Ice could have dripped from that drawl. Interesting. Ice in a fiery hell. "Not businessmen with a hero complex."

He rubbed his jaw. It hurt. So did his ego. "You always punch out your victims? That part of your complex?"

She shook her head. "I only punch when the guys are dumb enough to fight help when it comes."

Ah, now that was the second time she'd insulted his intelligence. He reached into his back pocket. Yanked out his wallet. The leather stuck a bit when he tried to open it, but he shoved his ID toward her. "FBI, sweetheart. I think I know how to handle a dangerous situation."

She didn't even glance down. "I think that's debatable."

A snicker came from behind him.

Great. An audience. He'd forgotten all about the EMTs.

His sexy savior-with the serious attitude-turned away. "Get him checked out, Harry," she called out and marched away.

That was it?

His gaze dropped. Couldn't help it. Even in that thick garb, she had a nice sway.

"You-you assaulted an officer!" It was all he could think of right then. She was heading for his informant, leaving him in her dust.

He didn't want her to go. Not yet.

Her name was on the lower back of her uniform. Spelled out in big, reflective letters. L. SPADE.

She threw a vulgar gesture over her shoulder, but didn't stop walking.

Well, well... He couldn't fight the smile that lifted his lips.

"Dude, you better stop while you're ahead." From the EMT. What had she called him? Harvey? Harry?

Kenton tossed the oxygen mask at him. Spade was too close to his informant. No way was she getting first crack at him.

The guy was his. Once he stopped trying to cough up his lung, anyway.

"Hey-wait! You need to go to the ER. You can't just-"

Kenton shoved his way through the crowd. There were gawkers lined up across the street, watching the fire begin to sputter. Smoke drifted lazily into the night air, the sirens wailed, and general chaos ensued.

Nice.

The informant reached the ground, and the paramedics immediately swarmed him.

"We need him taken to Langley General, stat!" Spade's voice. "Sir, sir-you're gonna be all right! You hear me? You're safe!"

The guy coughed, shuddered, and seemed to pull in on himself. Then he broke free of the paramedics and ran right at L. Spade.

"Sir!"

Uh-oh, was she gonna punch him, too?

No, a coughing fit took him down.

Then it was a pile of bodies as the paramedics got to work. When the guy appeared again, he was strapped to a gurney, twitching, shouting, and spitting.

"You're welcome." Spade sighed, running a hand through her short hair. "Must be the night for ass**les," she muttered.

Kenton came up close beside her. "Guess it must."

Her head turned toward him. Those amazing eyes narrowed. Huh. Kinda like golden fire staring right back at him.

"Who the hell are you?" someone snarled.

Kenton glanced away from Spade, and up. Damn. A big guy, both in height and width, with a grizzled gray beard and beady moss-green eyes.

"Chief, this here's an FBI agent..." Her drawl thickened, deliberately, he was sure.

A grunt. "You the fool Lora had to pull out of the building?"

What was with these people? Weren't firefighters supposed to be helpful and kind?

"What were you doing here?" the chief demanded, jabbing a thick finger toward him. "This is a known drug area, and it's-"

"That's why I was here." Ah, bullshit. He could do it so well. "Investigation, you know. Classified-can't discuss it with you." His prey was getting away. An EMT shoved the screaming man into the back of the ambulance. Great. He already knew the guy was a runner. If the fellow made it to the hospital, he'd vanish long before emergency personnel got hold of him.

The chief turned away. "Long, Suvalis-get those hoses over here! We still got flames..."

"You are so full of crap." Ah, this from the sweet-tongued Lora Spade.

He blinked at her. "Sorry, I'm suddenly feeling... a little woozy." He rubbed his jaw. "Could be from the blow I took. I think, I-I think I need to get to the hospital."

Kenton took a step away, his eyes already on that ambulance.

She touched his arm. He felt the heat of that touch right through the sleeve of his dress shirt. "What's your name, GQ?"

"Kenton. Special Agent Kenton Lake." So she felt the connection, too, that hot zip of attraction.

"Thanks. I needed your name since I'll be reporting your actions to your boss at the Bureau."

What? She was reporting him? She was the one who should be-

A siren screamed on. No, no, it can't get away. "Talk to you later, sweetheart." He broke into a run. No, don't shut that door-"Wait!" The EMT glanced back. "I'm coming with you." He dug out his mangled ID, waved it at the guy, then jumped inside.

As the door slammed shut behind him, Kenton tossed a hard grin at the man he suspected to be Louis Jerome, informer extraordinaire. "You didn't think I'd miss our meeting, did you?"

That stopped the screaming.

"Uh, sir, you need to sit back-"

He shook his head, hard, and the EMT quieted. "Tell me what's going on, Jerome. Tell me what's happening with these fires, tell me why you called-"

"N-name's... not... Jerome." Hoarse. Either from the fire or from the screaming. "Larry. Larry... Powell. Don't know... who the... fuck you are."

Kenton's body tensed. The words didn't sound like a lie. Those eyes didn't look like the guy was lying either. After so many years of tracking criminals, Kenton was good at finding the lies.

Kenton reached for his phone, but his pocket was empty. He must have dropped it during the fall. Dammit. He needed to run a check on this guy, Larry Powell.

Because if this wasn't his informant...

Then where's Jerome?

"Prick." Lora Spade watched the ambulance pull away in a flash of lights and shook her head. Those Bureau boys always thought they ruled the world.

God's gift.

Okay, yeah, he had been hot, and not just because of the flames around him.

But still... a prick.

She glanced back at the building. They'd contained the fire, a damn good thing. In this part of Charlottesville, Virginia, the buildings were slammed right next to each other. The situation could have gone bad, too quickly.

"Spade!" Chief Frank Garrison roared her name. "Spade, get over here!"

The man rarely bothered using his radio. After all, why bother? Despite twenty-plus years of fighting fires, his lungs were plenty strong enough for good yells.

She hightailed it toward him. He'd stationed himself near the front of the smoking building, and his hands were in hamlike fists on his hips. A pose that she knew meant trouble.

"We got a damn body." He spat on the ground. He did that when he was upset. She'd learned to watch her toes around him. "Or what's left of one."

Lora sucked in a sharp breath. A victim? But they'd done a primary and secondary sweep, they'd searched all possible rooms-and gotten the other two men out.

She adjusted her gear and followed the captain inside. Her boots pressed into the puddles on the floor and sank into the ash.

They went down two winding hallways and up one flight of stairs to the back of the building. Place was supposed to be empty. Giant "No Trespassing" signs were posted at the front. The building had been condemned.

But three victims had been inside.

Her heart slammed into her ribs and bile rose in her throat. Three victims.

And they'd only gotten two out.

Then she saw the door, or what was left of it. The fire had burned up most of the wood, and she could see the man, slumped inside.

Blisters and burns covered his body, but...

The smoke got to him first. The freaking unbelievable heat. Because the wounds weren't enough to kill him.

What the hell? She inched closer. The guy was in some kind of closet. Two feet by four feet, why was he-

Then she saw the padlock. On the outside of the charred remains of the door. Still hanging on, despite the fire.

Locked in.

Left to die.

Her eyes met the captain's, and she read the dark knowledge there.

Another one.

Dammit.

The poor bastard never had a chance.

He liked to watch the fire. When it danced, it was the most beautiful thing he'd ever seen. Sensual, like a lover.

The firefighters had battled his blaze with all their strength. But, in the end, the fire had won-and claimed her prize.

And, to make things interesting, he'd even gotten a bonus during the show. Two bonuses, really. Two more victims.

Like the fool who'd rushed in... He hadn't counted on that. He'd underestimated the man.

But he'd been saved. So had the addict.

Not that they mattered. They weren't really part of the game.

Well, not yet.

But they'd tasted the fire tonight. They wouldn't soon forget that taste.

After all, you never forgot your first.

The smoke was in the wind. When he opened his mouth, he tasted it on his tongue.

She came out then. Jerking off her helmet. Pacing back and forth too quickly.

Ah, she found my body.

Lora Spade understood the game. Perhaps better than anyone else. She knew what he was doing.

Did she know why?

Tonight, the firefighters had lost. They hadn't searched hard enough. Hadn't responded fast enough.

The dead... he was on their hands. Her hands.

More bodies would come. Because when you fought the fire, you learned, fast, that the fire fought back.

CHAPTER Two

Lora curled her fingers around her offering, glanced to the left, the right, then crept down the long, white hallway.

Hate this place. She could already smell the death hanging in the air. Every step she took just brought her closer and closer to the dead, and she didn't want to be there.

But sometimes a girl had to pony up.

The coroner's office waited for her, just a few feet away. She could too easily remember the last time she'd been in that office. A little over six months ago. But then, she'd been numb. No pain. No fear.

That sweet numbness hadn't lasted nearly long enough.

Just past the funeral, then the agony had hit.

"What do you mean, the guy didn't die from smoke inhalation? He was in a burning building, for Christ's sake."

Ah, wait. She knew that voice. Lora paused outside the door, a door that Heather had conveniently left partially open.

"There was no smoke in the victim's lungs."

Lora's fingers snaked inside the box. Curled around the delicious gift.

"No smoke-that means he-"

"Died before the fire began. See, if you look here..."

Lora pulled out her treat. Took a few fast bites.

Don't need the bribe anymore. Not when the people inside were shouting out the information she needed.

"You can see that the victim suffered cerebral damage. The damage was extensive enough that he would have died shortly after the attack-"

"The killer hits him, tosses the body into a closet, then what? Sets the fire to cover his tracks?"

My cue. Lora pushed open the door. "Sounds like it."

GQ didn't look particularly surprised to see her. Those gunmetal-gray eyes didn't widen a bit, but that hard, square jaw clenched.

He was perfect today. Fancy suit that probably cost way too much money. He'd clipped his ID on his left lapel. His hair-brutally short and jet black-framed a face that was handsome, with those tough, rugged looks some women went for.

Me, dammit. She'd always been a sucker for a rugged guy.

That jaw... those eyes... that deep brown tan...

"Uh, Lora? What are you doing here?" Heather asked, crossing her arms.

Heather Jennings. The no-nonsense ME with the weakness for...

Lora held up her box. "I was in the area. I picked up doughnuts. I thought you might like some."

GQ snorted. "Who the hell has doughnuts in a morgue?"

But Heather had already snatched them away and-"Oh, why are there just eleven?"

Because someone had skipped lunch.

Lora forced a smile and kept her eyes away from the cold lockers in the back of the room. Her knees were knocking together, and to the right-oh, jeez, that was a body beneath that sheet.

Like before... "Lora, I'm so sorry..."

"Lora? Lora, are you all right?"

She'd stumbled back. Weakness, in front of the Bureau boy. Lora sucked in a sharp breath and tasted chlorine, disinfectant, and death.

Damn.

"Why are you really here, Lora Spade?" The drawl came from GQ.

Her brows lifted, and she fought to keep her control steady. "Heather and I are friends-a girl can visit her friend whenever she wants."

But she never visited Heather here, never.

And Heather's eyes said she knew it.

After a moment, Heather put down the doughnuts. "I, uh, was in the middle of briefing Agent Lake regarding the victim's COD from that fire on LeRoy..."

"Oh, really?" Her shoulders lifted and fell in a casual shrug. Her knees kept knocking. "I was curious about him... I thought I-when I came in, I thought I heard you say he'd been attacked." She let her eyes widen.

"Uh-huh." Heather's light blue eyes never left Lora's face. Heather knew her too well to be fooled by the bribe. "Your guy was attacked, Lora. He was dead, long before the fire."

The tension in her body eased a bit.

Not him.

"Right. Well, I'll... ah, let you get back to work." She'd gotten the info she needed.

Didn't fit the pattern.

"Lora, will I see you tonight at Mickey's?"

Lora gave a quick nod. Where else would she go? No way was she staying at home again with the memories. Besides, Mickey's was the best bar in town, if you were a cop, a firefighter, or an ME. Mickey knew how to cater to his clientele.

Heather turned away and reached for the sheet. "If you look here, Agent Lake-"

No, she wasn't going to look. Lora grabbed for the door, heading out quickly into the hallway. A few more steps and she'd be able to breathe again without tasting-

"Do you always follow up on the victims like this?" His voice froze her in the middle of the hallway.

Lora glanced back. He shut the door behind him, crossed his arms, and watched her with eyes that seemed too focused, too knowing.

She swiped her tongue over her lips and tried to pretend that her hands weren't sweating. "I like to be thorough." Wasn't he supposed to be in there, looking at the body? And not looking at her?

His eyebrows rose. "I couldn't help but notice that you looked relieved when the M.E. said the vic didn't die in the fire."

"It's not my fault he's dead." She shoved her hands into her back pockets. She'd been up nearly all night, thinking about that guy, wondering, worrying, seeing him, over and over. "Now I know. Even if we'd realized he was there, it would have been too late for him."

"That why you're here, Lora Spade? The guilt got to you?"

Her face heated. She didn't have to explain herself to GQ. Not today, not any day. "Why are you here, Special Agent?" Though she had a suspicion, and it was enough to make her stomach clench. "Why's the FBI getting involved in a local murder? I wouldn't think the big boys would be interested in that."

Slowly, he uncrossed his arms and stalked toward her. Yeah, stalked, that was a pretty good description. "I'm always interested in murder."

He stopped a foot away. She smelled him now, a crisp cologne, the hint of soap, man.

She turned her head toward the left. The police department was stationed in the building next door. "We've got a whole building full of cops who'd be happy to investigate a Charlottesville murder. Don't really see why they'd need you." Her gaze slid to him.

His lips started to curl. "You might be surprised."

Or she might not be.

"You're kind of a smartass, aren't you?" he asked.

She blinked. "And you're a real charmer, aren't you?" Lora fired right back.

He smiled then. A flash of his perfect white teeth and-

Dimples.

Figured.

Heaving out a frustrated breath, Lora turned away.

He caught her arm, his fingers closing tight just beneath the sleeve of her T-shirt. "Not so fast."

His breath blew against her ear, and her heart raced, thrumming way too fast right then. No, no, this could not be happening. Not with him.

"I need to talk with you about some... cases in the county."

Okay, she hadn't expected that line, and her flush deepened because she had expected him to hit on her.

Guess not.

She glanced back at him. "What cases?" Suspicion was heavy in her voice.

"Jennifer Langley."

She tried real hard not to flinch.

"Tom Hatchen. Charlie Skofield."

Holding his stare, she waited for the next words to come, and she knew he was gonna say-

"And Carter Creed. Creed-he was one of your fellow firefighters at-"

Lora knocked his hand away. "I damn well know who he was." Can't do this.

"I have some questions about those deaths. I need to know-"

"You're SSD." She nearly spat the words at him. How? How had this happened? "You're the one they sent?"

The guy wasn't perfect at schooling his expression. She was watching, closely, and didn't miss the slight rising of his eyelids.

The SSD. One of the-supposedly-most elite divisions in the FBI. Newly formed, the Serial Services Division was the only unit in the Bureau specifically formed to track and apprehend serials. Serial killers, ra**sts, arsonists...

Like the serial fire freak that she was sure hunted in her city.

"You're the one who called Hyde." Certainty in that voice. Underscored with some shock.

"And you're the superagent they sent." Wonderful. Lora shook her head. "At least they sent someone," she said, voice tight, "and didn't just-"

"Something you should know, sweetheart." Ah, some heat there. Okay, not just heat. The edge of fury. "I'm damn good at my job." Steel backed his words.

Her eyebrows rose. "Guess we'll see about that." Time for full disclosure. "And, yeah, for the record, I'm the one who called Keith Hyde." A real long shot, but she'd had to take it.

She knew when a hunter was playing with fire.

Lora was tired of finding the dead in the ashes of her fires.

So she'd used her connection and gotten the direct line for Keith Hyde, the man who was, for all intents and purposes, the SSD. He'd started the team. Handpicked every agent. And he chose the cases they covered.

"So you think you've got a serial arsonist in Charlottesville?"

Think? "I know we do. When you start investigating, you'll see the same thing." But the lead county arson investigator refused to see what was right in front of his face. The guy didn't want to admit that he couldn't handle the investigation on his own, that it was bigger than his office could handle.

Too bad. She was tired of seeing the bodies. So she'd gone over Seth's head. Or rather, all the way around him to pull in the SSD.

But she hadn't gone without backup. The chief had been the one to give her Hyde's number. Garrison knew the score, and he'd recognized they were being outgunned by a killer.

A door opened down the hallway. A uniformed cop poked his head inside, his hazel eyes serious. "Sir, the suspect is waiting for you..."

"Suspect?" Her brows rose and, yeah, that was hope hitting her in the chest like a fist.

But Kenton's lips thinned. "The junkie from last night. There's a Detective Peter Malone-"

Yeah, she knew him. Too well.

"-he thinks Old Larry might have had something to do with the vic's death." One shoulder lifted. "I'm sitting in on the interrogation."

"Well, um..." Her left foot eased back. "Good luck with that." Lora turned away.

"I'll be right there," Kenton called out.

"Yes, sir." The door slammed shut.

She kept walking. Another door waited for her, just a few feet away.

"You don't think this death is related to the others, do you, Ms. Spade?"

If she did, Lora wouldn't be walking away. She'd have been running to that interrogation room.

"Why not?" he asked, voice rising. "Doesn't this one fit your pattern?"

Had the guy done any homework? Her fingers curled around the doorknob, and she glanced back at him. "No, it doesn't." His gaze seemed so watchful. "The fire junkie we're after-" And, sure, she thought of guys like this as junkies. The fire was just as addictive as drugs. Lora swallowed over the lump that rose in her throat and managed, "H-he doesn't kill the victims. He lets the fire do the killing for him."

"This is personal for you." He shook his head. "You can't let the cases get personal. You can't-"

A broken laugh rattled her chest. "It's been personal for me... for months." Her lips twisted. "Far too late to worry about distance now."

It had been too late from the moment that she'd pulled Carter's body out of that inferno.

"I ain't killed nobody!" Kenton didn't wince at the yell, and neither did the detective in the chair to his right.

But Detective Peter Malone did lean forward and lock his bright blue gaze on their twitching subject. "He was locked in, Larry. Sealed in that closet and left to die. You were the only other person in that building..."

Larry lifted his hands, and there was no way to miss their shaking. "I didn't-I didn't know anybody was there! Thought it was-was just me!"

"Did you start the fire to cover the murder?" Peter demanded, not letting up. From what Kenton could tell, the cop liked to drill hard and fast in interrogation. Some cops worked that way. Others were slower, sneakier.

One of the agents he worked with at the SSD, Monica Davenport, now she was one fine interrogator. She could make any monster spill his guts in five minutes or less.

The lady had a talent-one that worked particularly well with serial killers.

The guy in front of him was not a serial, and Kenton didn't think he was an arsonist either.

Just a man who'd let drugs eat his soul away.

"You set the fire," Peter said, "because you'd knocked the guy's head in, and you were covering your tracks." He shook his own head. "But then you got caught by the flames. The fire messed up your exit, huh?"

"What? No, man, no! I was just-just..." He inhaled, hard. "I had some-some drugs." Whispered.

Not a big surprise. The guy's body language screamed user, and one look into the man's eyes had shown the pinprick-sized pupils and the bloodshot gaze.

"I swear, I didn't s-start no fire! I didn't kill nobody!"

Larry's rap sheet backed that up. Drug charges stretching for pages, but no assaults, nothing even hinting at violence.

"Maybe you got high, and you got mean." Peter stood and strolled around the table. "And the poor vic just got in your way."

"Nah, nah, it wasn't-"

"Tell us his name, Larry. He's probably got a family out there, someone waiting for him to come home. Give us a name, help us out. And we'll help you."

The cop was pretty good.

Kenton watched the scene and waited.

Larry's head fell. "Don't know," he mumbled. "D-didn't do it."

Same story, same verse-the one they'd gotten for the last hour. Larry had to be jonesing. His sweat soaked his clothes, and those twitches were just getting worse. But his story hadn't changed.

Because it was the truth. Kenton had seen more than his share of liars since joining the Bureau. When perps told lies, their stories always changed. They'd swap up details and forget the original facts. It was just harder to remember a lie, especially when you were riding high on drugs.

Kenton stood, the chair legs screeching as he shoved his chair back. Larry's head snapped up, and those bloodshot eyes widened. "Larry, what did you see last night?"

The thick lines on Larry's forehead deepened.

The cop cut him a hard look, and Peter's blue eyes narrowed. So? Kenton wasn't in the mood for a pissing match. The cop had gotten his turn.

Larry swiped sweat out of his eyes. "D-don't know what-"

"Before the fire started, did you see anyone else in the building? Hear anything?"

His Adam's apple bobbed. "Was... sleepin'..."

More like passed out.

"Woke up... s-smelled the smoke..." He sniffed. "Ran to the window..."

Kenton didn't tense. "And what did you see outside?"

"You."

Great.

Kenton turned away. This wasn't their guy.

"Other... b-bastard didn't help, but you-you c-came in..."

Kenton glanced back. "What other bastard?"

"Th-the one in the baseball cap... running... running down the street."

Not many joggers in that part of town.

"Did you see the man's face?" Peter asked.

Ah, now that would be the big question.

Larry gave a sad shake of his head.

Fuck.

The music blared, the drinks flowed, and the come-ons, well, came, but Lora sat in the back, cradling her beer and knowing that she really didn't fit in at Mickey's.

She couldn't laugh with the others anymore. Couldn't flirt. Couldn't tease. Because she always felt like she had to be on her guard.

So tired of feeling eyes on me.

Either she was going crazy-yeah, a possibility...

Or somebody was screwing with her.

Lifting the beer, she took a long swallow. Heather wouldn't be showing up tonight. She'd gotten the text just moments ago, and Lora knew she'd be cutting out soon, too. Can't be here alone.

The band blared louder, voices laughed and cheered, and when she lowered the beer, he was there.

GQ.

She raised her brows and let her voice mock. "Well, if it isn't the special agent man."

He shook his head. "Don't mess with me, Lora."

Lora. She shouldn't like the way he said her name. But with his deep voice, the name rolled on his tongue, and yes, okay, she could easily imagine him saying her name in that same way when they were alone.

And naked.

Too long without a lover.

Her fingers curled around the chilled beer bottle. "What are you doing here?"

He sat down beside her. Uninvited. It figured he'd do something like that. "You said you'd be here." A pause. "And I needed to talk to you."

The guy still smelled good. Looked good. "So talk." They were getting stares already. Lora caught the eye of Tony Long, one of the firefighters on her crew. He raised his beer bottle toward her.

Ah, the night couldn't get any better.

The news about their little meeting would spread like wildfire. Because with cops and smoke eaters filling the room, the gossip vine would run fast.

"I want your help."

She blinked and all semblance of bitch faded. "Uh, run that by me again?" Bitch was her defense mechanism, so what now?

Those gray eyes were steady, and he seemed to inch closer. No, maybe he was just so big that he took up a lot of space. Her space. "I'm not leaving, not until I'm sure the area's clear."

The tension in her shoulders eased. "Good." Because Lora didn't think the fires were going to stop, not until they stopped the pyro out there.

"I want you to help me," he said again. "I need a contact at the station. Someone to walk me through the crime scenes. Someone to tell me what the hell I'm looking at in the fire." His arm stretched behind her, almost caging her. "I need you."

Her breath came, real slow. "You have to-you'll have to get approval from my chief." But the chief knew the score. He'd been the one to send her to Hyde.

"Already got it."

So the agent worked fast.

"Like I said... I need your help."

She hesitated because there was something there in his eyes. This wasn't just about the cases. There was a dark awareness lurking in his gaze. A hunger, a need she understood.

One that she shouldn't be feeling.

But one that stirred in her gut anyway. One that had her thighs tensing, her heart beating a little too fast, and hell, had her wanting.

"Do you want to catch this guy?"

"More than anything." I can still hear the screams.

"Then I guess for the time being..." He offered her his right hand. "We'll be partners."

Her eyes held his. Slowly, she reached for that hand. His fingers curled around hers, warm and strong.

A lick of heat shot right through her.

His mouth hitched into a half smile. "I think I'm gonna like working with you, Lora Spade."

She pulled her hand back. "Working only, Kent." The shortened version of his name rolled easily off her tongue. "Not screwing."

Just to be clear.

He blinked. "Didn't say anything about screwing."

"You didn't have to." A woman knew signals. His weren't easy to miss. Even if he did a good job of keeping those eyes up and off her chest. "I'm not looking for a lover."

Just a killer.

"Seems a shame..." That smile faded. "But I'm not asking you to work with me so we can f**k."

Ah, blunt. She could like that.

Like him.

But she wouldn't.

She didn't want any more pain. Special Agent Kenton Lake was the kind of man who could hurt a woman. Because he was the kind who'd walk away when the job was done, and leave her in the ashes.

Been there, not doing it again. No matter how sexy the package.

"Then I guess you have yourself a partner." Her smile was a little mean, and she knew it. "We will bring the guy down."

Some habits were hard to break.

He watched the man stumble down the street. The guy flashed cash at some punk kid and got a small bag in exchange.

The kid vanished. His prey didn't.

He'd started to think about the man last night. Wonder about him. The guy had been pulled from the second story of that hell on LeRoy.

How long had he been up there? What all had he seen? Heard?

The flickers of fear had come then, and he wasn't one given to fear.

Larry Powell. Finding out the guy's name had taken two minutes. Picking apart the guy's life-five.

Larry had made him change his plans. He wouldn't have chosen tonight for the flames, but he couldn't afford to wait. Not with Larry talking to the cops and that ass**le agent.

No time to waste.

Larry scurried down the street, slinking and hiding like a rat in the dark.

This rat wasn't gettin' away. Not this time.

The fingers of his right hand rolled the match he carried.

"I read the case files." Kenton leaned back and heard the vinyl booth cushion groan as he motioned for the waitress. "Different accelerants were used in all the crimes, different points of origin for the fires-hell, even different structures." The woman might not believe it, but he actually did his homework.

On all of his cases.

Because Kenton took one thing in this world very seriously, and that was his job with the Serial Services Division. When his boss, Keith Hyde, told him to jump, well, he touched the freaking sky. So when Keith had given him a stack of files and told him to hit the road-he'd hit it.

"What can I get you?" the waitress asked, offering a broad smile.

He pointed to Lora's disappearing beer. "Same thing. Thanks." Kenton waited for the woman to ease away, then he leaned in toward Lora. "Arsonists are like serial killers-"

"Uh, come again?"

"They like patterns." So he'd been told by Monica Davenport, the SSD's profiler extraordinaire. "They set their fires in a certain way, follow a kind of ceremony with them. This guy..." His fingers tapped on the tabletop. "He's all over the place. There is no pattern." If they were even looking at the same guy.

"The victims are the pattern." Her voice came, slow, certain, and with a smoky, husky edge that ran right over his flesh.

Focus.

But focus wasn't that easy when she sat there, wearing a too-tight black tank top-really great br**sts-and probably those hip-hugging jeans she'd had on at the morgue.

And yeah, the woman had one fine body. Long, lean, but curvy in just the right places. Curvy in perfect places.

Kenton cleared his throat and realized that by bringing her on as his partner of sorts, he'd set himself up for some suffering and long nights. "What about the vics? They were all different: a woman, an older guy, a firefighter-"

He caught the slight wince on the last one. Of course, she would have known the guy. Probably worked with him. "Ah, Lora, sorry, I didn't mean-"

"It doesn't matter that the vics were different." She shoved the beer away and tried to scoot away from him, too. Tried but failed. There wasn't much room in the booth, and with that music blaring, he had to stay close to hear her. "That's what Seth said. He thought the arsonist wasn't the same at first because of every reason you've just given."

Ah, that'd be Seth MacIntyre, the lead county arson investigator. The guy was already on Kenton's list of folks to contact ASAP.

"I was there," she said, "I saw what he did. And I know we're looking at the same guy."

He stared down at her bent head. "Just what did he do?"

She glanced at him from the corner of her eye. "He trapped them, and then he let the fire kill them."

Another run-down building. Another drug hole for his prey to hide inside.

But this time, he'd be careful. He'd do a sweep of the building and make absolutely sure no one else was lurking around.

He pulled his ball cap low and tucked his match behind his left ear. He had some gasoline in his truck. Just waiting.

He'd planned for Larry Powell. Reaching into his back pocket, he pulled out his gloves and took his time putting them on. A guy couldn't be too careful.

Slowly, not making any sound, he crept toward the door. Just one story this time.

And really, half his work was already done. The windows of the ramshackle drug house were boarded up, all of them sealed with wood except the one on the far right. The one his prey had used to sneak inside.

The one he'd use, too.

Bending, he eased through the opening and smiled. Oh, this place would burn so well.

It was small inside, a tight, cramped space. The floor was littered with trash. A mattress had been shoved against the back wall and-ah, there was Larry. His prey rocked back and forth on the mattress, muttering.

He crept toward Larry and whispered his name.

Larry spun around, eyes wide, hands up.

He eased back, narrowly missing a swipe from those flying hands. "Easy..."

Larry blinked. "D-do I-do I know you, man?" It was dark inside, with thin strips of light coming in that one window. If the streetlights hadn't been there, he could have worked in total darkness.

He'd always liked the dark.

His fingers curled into a fist. The leather stretched over his knuckles. "Maybe." It didn't really matter now if Larry had seen him at the last fire. The thrill of the hunt heated his blood. Power pumped through him. Rage. Hunger.

Larry's eyes widened. Bulged. "Wait! I-I saw you b-before... you-you're the one-"

He slammed his fist into Larry's face.

"For some arsonists, it's all about the fire." Lora's beer was empty. She didn't order another. "They like to watch the flames, like to see the burn."

"This guy doesn't?" Kenton asked.

"People are in the buildings he burns. He knows that; it's why he picks the places." Her palm flattened on the tabletop. "The first victim, Jennifer Langley, was in a second-story apartment. He jimmied her sprinklers so they wouldn't work. Nailed her windows and her door shut. We had to beat our way inside with an ax."

Jennifer Langley. The Critical Care Unit nurse. Twenty-nine. He'd read the report on her, no criminal record, a woman who seemed to be well-liked by her neighbors, if not her coworkers. Apparently, they hadn't thought the woman had the best bedside manner.

Yeah, he'd read the facts, and seen what was left after the fire...

Not much.

"She was alive when the fire started. Her neighbors heard her calling for help."

Hell.

"She tried to break her windows out-there was glass all over the scene, but on the second floor-" Lora shook her head. "She would have fallen right to concrete, not that she ever had the chance."

"The fire burned too fast."

"It came right for her. We hauled ass to get there, Kent, knocked down that door..."

But they'd been too late.

Her gaze dropped to the table.

"You know about the fire triangle?"

He nodded, then realized she couldn't see the movement of his head. "For fires to burn, they need air, fuel, and heat."

"This guy manipulates the triangle, and he's damn good at that manipulation. He punched holes in her roof so that more air would get in-and so the flames would burn faster."

And so that Jennifer Langley would have less chance of surviving.

"For the fuel, well, he'd poured turpentine in three of the rooms in her place." She bit her lip.

"Turpentine?" It'd been in the report, but... "How'd you know that?"

"We could tell he'd used an accelerant because of the way the floor was charred." She exhaled slowly. "We ripped up some of the floorboards and baseboards, and we found a sample of the liquid. Seth sent it for analysis."

Right. Turpentine. "And the second victim?"

"Tom." She shook her head. "Tom Hatchen. He owned a garage here in town." Lora glanced around the bar, then back at him. "Hatchen was working alone one night, late. Somehow," her lips quirked, but there was no humor in her eyes, "the equipment he was using malfunctioned and an engine fell on his legs, breaking them. Pinning him."

Shit. This wasn't going to be pretty.

"The killer did that. He set up the whole f**king scene." Her voice heated. "He left the guy caught like a rat in a trap, then used Hatchen's own supplies-motor oil and gas-to soak the joint." Her fingers drummed on the table. "But before he lit the match, the sick f**k called 911."

Kenton stilled. He knew this, but hearing the fury boiling in Lora's husky voice froze him.

"He told us that we had ten minutes or Tom would burn." She licked her lips. "We were there in eight but the fire was already burning strong."

And a man was dying.

He snapped the handcuff onto Larry's wrist. Larry would wake up soon enough. He closed the other cuff around a pipe connected to an old radiator.

Perfect.

Time for a quick trip to the truck.

As he hurried out, he glanced at his watch. How long would he give them this time? The fire station was close by, but he planned to make this fire burn fast.

His gaze swept the street. Deserted.

He grabbed the container that he'd carefully prepared and loped back toward the building.

He poured some lighter fluid just inside the doorway. This line would ignite later. He'd start the fire in the center. Give Larry a nice show.

The fire was so beautiful, especially up close.

"Wh-what the hell?" Larry's scream.

He glanced up and smiled.

"What are y-you doin'?" Larry wrenched at the handcuff. "Why the f**k you got m-me cuffed? What the f**k-"

He threw a stream of lighter fluid onto him.

Larry choked and sputtered.

Now he hefted the red container he'd retrieved from the truck. He lifted the container higher, and the gasoline spilled out in fat waves.

"Stop! Please, f-fuck, stop! Let me go, man, let me g-go-"

Some people couldn't die fast enough. He kept a tight hold on his container-he'd be taking that with him-and yanked out the disposable cell he'd purchased.

Nine. One. One.

"Let me go!"

No.

"Charlie Skofield." Her shoulders tensed a bit when she said his name. "He'd been in a car accident about four months back. Christ, it was one of the worst ones I've seen."

He hadn't realized that she'd been there.

"The driver-she never had a chance. When I got there, she was already bleeding out, slipping away even as she asked for her kids." Lora's breath was ragged. "We had to use the jaws of life to pry out Skofield. Some people didn't think it was fair that he survived."

Kenton's eyes narrowed. "Not fair? Why?"

"There was no official ruling but..." Her lips tightened. "I know an alcohol-related crash when I see one."

Yeah, he bet she did.

"He survived and a mother of two died, but Skofield... he was paralyzed from the waist down."

The crowd had begun to thin. Final rounds were being called as more folks headed for the door.

"When we broke the door in at Charlie's place, the first thing I saw was his wheelchair, just sitting right there."

Kenton bet poor Charlie had been somewhere else. Somewhere much closer to the fire.

"We searched and finally found him. Charlie was on the floor. He wasn't moving, but the flames hadn't touched him yet. He'd poured a line of accelerant to circle Charlie." Her eyes glinted. "This guy knows how to work the fire. He lets those flames rage, and he sets up his victims so that the smoke doesn't kill them."

Kenton knew smoke inhalation was often the cause of death at a fire scene.

"He sets up a burn line with his accelerants. He controls the fire and makes it burn just where he wants."

The better to make his victims suffer.

"With Skofield, the fire-orange gold and so hot-was rolling near the ceiling above him. I knew that roof was gonna fall. We didn't have much time to pull him out of that room."

He knew how the story ended. Charlie hadn't made it out alive.

Neither had Carter Creed. "You went in anyway."

Her tongue swiped over her lips, a quick move that had his body tightening when he shouldn't be thinking about sex. About fire and death, yeah, but not sex. Not now.

"Carter went in." Pain there. "Carter was lead; he ran in first." He heard the hard click of her swallow. "Then the roof fell in."

She stared right at him, but Kenton didn't think she saw him. Not at all. "Lora." There was more there. It was personal.

"We got them both out." One shoulder lifted, then fell. "But it was too late." He saw her blink, real fast.

Aw, hell, he'd never been good with a woman's tears.

But Lora wasn't crying. She was shoving that pointed chin up, narrowing those incredible eyes. Glaring at him. "I don't like losing victims to the fire, and I sure as shit don't like burying members of my team."

"No." He'd almost lost an agent on his last big case, so he damn well knew the pain that could come from a hit like that.

Kenton touched her because he wanted to. A quick press of his hand against hers.

When the woman didn't jerk right back, he was surprised.

And glad.

"I buried Creed. I stood over his grave. I put flowers down, and I cried, like everybody else." Her hand knotted into a fist beneath his. "All because some sick freak out there likes to get off playing with fire."

"Tell Chief Garrison a fire's burning on Byron."

"Sir?" the female voice said. "Are you at the scene? I need a direct address, I need-"

"Garrison can follow the smoke." The fire would light up the sky. He'd see to it.

"Sir?" Hesitant with fear. Good. She should be afraid. They should all be afraid.

"The victim's still alive-"

"Let m-me go!" Larry's broken scream.

"But not for long," he murmured. "Garrison's men had better hurry."

The men... and lovely Lora.

But she wasn't on duty tonight. Pity. But there was no choice. Powell had to die tonight.

He disconnected the call.

"Please, m-man, I-I'll do anything..."

He tucked the phone back into his pocket, shook his head, and walked out without saying a word.

"Don't leave me! Don't l-leave-"

The night air was thick and hot when he went outside. He glanced around, scanning the streets. He couldn't take any chances. When he was sure the area was clear, he hurried back to his truck.

He knew better than to leave any evidence behind. The container went into the bed of his pickup. He ditched his gloves and changed into a fresh shirt.

When he went back inside, Larry's sobs filled the air. Loud. Wet. Desperate.

He pulled out his match and lit it with a quick swipe against the wall. The flame flickered in front of him. So small.

He grabbed the brown bag he'd brought from his truck. Smiling, he ignited the top of the bag.

Fire could grow so fast.

As fast as Larry's hope faded.

"Don't, p-please..."

He bent toward the line of pooled fluid. "Maybe they'll save you." He tossed down the burning bag and stepped away as the flames grew.

"Don't! Fuck, n-no!"

"And maybe they won't." He hurried back as the flames flared fast and raced across the trail of accelerant. Soon enough, the flames would drown out Larry's screams.

He'd have to hurry so he could get to his hiding spot and enjoy a nice, clear view of the show.

Because it was gonna be good.

"So that's his game," Lora said, easing back. "He traps the victims, lights the fires, lets them watch death come-"

"And he calls in the firefighters." Why? Because he wanted them to save the victims? That didn't make sense. Kenton shook his head. He'd need Monica on this. She could work up a profile and help him figure out what the hell was driving the guy.

"You don't get it." Bitterness coated her words. "He sets it up as a race, but there's no chance for us to win. Even if we get the vic, he won't let everyone survive. In his fires, someone dies. Someone always has to die-that's just the way he plays."

A death game.

Sick f**k.

CHAPTER Three

Kenton followed Lora outside. She kept her keys gripped tightly in her hand, and she walked with quick, long strides.

But then she stopped and turned to face him.

A few other folks were in the parking lot. A guy had his date up on the hood of his Vette. His arms were locked around her, and his mouth crushed hers. Kenton caught the flash of a badge. Figured, the place had smelled of cops.

A car door slammed. Two men strode toward the bar.

A woman eased out of the heavy doors.

"There's something you should know..." Lora began, voice grim.

His brows raised.

"Carter and I-"

He waited, because he'd known this was coming. It was the way she said the guy's name. The softness that whispered in her voice. It told him they'd been-

"We were involved."

"Lovers." His voice was flat.

Her eyes widened, reflecting the moonlight. "Yeah, yeah, we were."

She'd buried her lover. Lost him to the fire.

And gone back to battle the flames.

"It's been six months, and the guy hasn't struck again. Could be he's moved on or could be he's lying low, waiting for his next strike." Lora rocked forward on her heels. "But I was tired of waiting for this case to break. Carter needed justice."

Carter? Or her? "What makes you so sure the fire on LeRoy wasn't set by your guy?"

"At first, I thought it might be him, even though there was no 911 call. A liquid accelerant was used, and the vic was locked in the closet. But my guy-the guy we're after-he doesn't kill first. He lets the fire do the dirty work for him."

Yeah, he'd been thinking about that, and he'd realized... "He'd kill if he wanted to make damn sure the victim didn't survive." Jerome had called the Bureau with a tip about an arson fire in Charlottesville. Jerome had lived near Charlie Skofield, and the guy had said he wanted to cash out on what he'd seen the night of that fire.

Jerome had been ready to cash out, all right; then the poor bastard had been trapped in a blaze.

Kenton didn't believe in coincidences.

"Why? Why that guy?" Lora demanded. "I don't-"

He wasn't going to tell her. Not yet. Because while he needed her knowledge, he didn't trust her.

Kenton trusted his team at the SSD. And no one else.

A loud burst of music broke the night. Hard-hitting rock. His eyes narrowed because the music was coming from Lora.

Lora yanked out her phone. "Spade." Her breath sucked in. "Shit. Okay, I'm on my way."

He caught the tremble of her fingers. "What's going on?"

"Fire. Looks like our guy's back in the game."

Kenton wasn't sure that he'd ever left. "How do you know it's him? Fires do happen, you know. It doesn't have to be-"

"The jerkoff called it in, said the chief had to hurry." She was already whirling around to run away, but he easily heard her last words. "The bastard said to hurry because the vic didn't have much time."

Damn.

Kenton ran after her and caught her arm. "Sweetheart, no way in hell you're leaving me behind."

Partners. For now.

The building was still burning when Lora braked to a stop on Byron Street. Firefighters scrambled, some dragging the long hose toward the building. The cops were there, keeping the perimeter blocked, though no one stood in the street. No watchers this time.

Not in this neighborhood.

Lora jumped from her car, then slammed the door with a hard thud. "Chief!" Frank was there, close to the truck, with his head down. He started at her call and spun around.

"I don't see the victim," Kenton muttered from beside her.

The flames shot higher.

"Pull back!" Frank snarled into his radio. "Every damn one of you, pull back."

The fire licked at the night sky. The yellow flames twisted and turned while the thick, black smoke billowed in the air.

"Gasoline," she whispered. "This time, he used gasoline as the accelerant."

"What?" Kenton asked immediately. "How do you know that?"

"The color of the smoke." She pointed to the fire. "And the yellow flames. Those are two damn good indicators." Firefighters learned early on to match up the smoke and fire color with the accelerants.

Two firefighters ran out of the building.

Sometimes they don't make it out.

"Carter!" The echo of that scream was in her mind, and God, she'd screamed his name for so long. Screamed and begged, but he hadn't moved. Hadn't answered her.

"Lora, get him the f**k back!" Frank's snarl snapped her attention back to the present, and she grabbed Kenton's expensive shirt.

"Not safe, GQ." She yanked him with her. She shouldn't have brought him inside the perimeter line, but dammit, she hadn't been thinking. She'd jumped from the car, run for the chief-

And Kenton had been right beside her.

Lora licked her lips. "We've got to move!"

Those flames were rolling, tightening, and spreading too fast. She knew the signs; she knew what was coming even before she heard the loud groan as the roof gave way.

"Shit!" She shoved him, knocking him to the ground as debris shot into the air.

Even this far away, she could have sworn she felt the lick of that heat on her skin.

You never forgot the touch of fire.

Her hands slammed into the earth, and she raised up, trying to get a look at the agent. "You okay?"

The scream of another siren blasted. The backup truck had arrived. Thank God.

Kenton let out a groan. A frown pulled his brows low as he stared up at her. "Damn, sweetheart, you hit hard."

She had three older brothers, and they'd taught her to tackle long ago. "You're welcome."

His face was close to hers. The guy had a line of stubble starting to grow along that hard, fierce jaw.

His eyes glinted. Her br**sts were pressed tight against his chest. All muscle. So that was what he hid behind his fancy clothes. Strength.

And...

Her leg shifted. Made contact. Okay. No room to hide that.

She jerked back, then stumbled to her feet. "Just-ah... stay low." Lora spun away from him, sucking in a deep breath.

The other team had their hose ready now, and they launched another attack on the blaze.

Lora and Kenton headed behind the second fire truck. Cover, just in case.

Frank ran toward her. "Dammit, Spade, you know better than to bring a civilian into-"

"Where's the vic?" Kenton snapped, cutting across the words. Ah, some anger there. Probably didn't like being called a civilian.

Frank's eyes narrowed. "What do you-"

"Chief-he's the agent Hyde sent." Lora jumped in. "He's here to find the bastard doing this."

Frank knew what was happening in this town. He'd connected the dots after the second blaze.

"Where's the vic?" Kenton pressed.

"He didn't make it." Frank wrenched off his helmet and threw it against the truck, revealing the gleaming scalp of his bald head. "The poor ass**le never had a chance."

"He was cuffed."

At the gruff words, Lora turned and saw that another firefighter had marched up behind them. Rick Suvalis stood to the right, his tall frame stooped, ash and soot covering him. "I-I saw him, right before the roof-" His dark gaze shot to Lora, then away. "The guy was already dead, but I saw... he was cuffed to the radiator. I-I think it blew, when the fire hit. There must have been some-"

"I'm tired of this ass**le!" Frank's hands clenched. "I could have lost men in this blaze. This isn't some f**king game."

"It is to him." Kenton shifted slightly, and his gaze swept the street. "That's exactly what it is."

There was a tense note in his voice. An alertness. "Kent?"

But he strode over to two cops and flashed his badge. "Get backup out here, ASAP," Lora heard him say. "We're searching these houses." He pointed to the broken row of boarded-up windows and doors.

She hurried to his side. "What's going on?"

Hard lines were etched on the sides of his mouth. "It's his game, Lora. A game I'm betting he likes to watch."

She stared at those windows again. Here. The guy could be right here.

Bracing her legs apart, she stared into the darkness and wondered who watched.

Too late. He rocked backward on his heels, and his hands tightened around the binoculars. The fire had won again.

But she always won. She took out his prey, burning so brightly, charring the flesh of his victims and sending the guilty to hell.

He stared down at the swirling lights. The running firemen.

Lora.

And Lora-she stared right back. A woman who knew the touch of fire better than she knew a lover's touch.

When he closed his eyes, he could still hear Lora's screams. She'd tried so hard to save her lover. Gone right back into the flames with him.

The others had run out, but she'd run in. And then dragged out a body.

The screams had come, when she couldn't get the man to breathe. The choked sobs that wouldn't stop.

Even when they hauled the body away. Poor Lora.

She looked so lovely by firelight.

"I want in that building," Kenton growled. "I need to check the scene."

They were back at Mickey's. Three hours had passed since the flames had eaten their way through the walls and the roof of 419 Byron Street. The fire was out. All of the old houses near the fire scene had been thoroughly searched.

No sign of their pyro.

Lora turned off her car. "Tomorrow-" She broke off, shaking her head. What time was it? "Today, the arson team will go in first. But we should be able to get in maybe around two or three." Once Seth and his guys had given the all-clear.

"I'll go in with the team." The scent of smoke clung to Kenton, filling the interior of her car. "And you'll go with me."

"Seth isn't gonna like that." The guy was more than territorial.

"Screw what he likes. From here on out, this is my show."

Another man with a territory complex. "Have it your way, Special Agent."

He turned on her, fast, and Lora realized that her car was way too small for the two of them.

"Keep it up, Spade. Keep pushing."

'Cause, yeah, that's what she was doing. Pushing. Sparring. So what? That was the way she worked.

"I'm calling my boss when dawn hits," he said. Dawn wasn't far away. She could already see the pink hues lighting the sky in the distance. "I'm getting a profiler down here. I'm going to rip apart every case the arson unit has worked on-and I'm going to make damn sure we haven't missed another one of this guy's hits."

Now that was what she'd been hoping to hear. "Good."

"If I'm right about this perp, and he's been watching the scenes, then he's seen you, Lora. He knows every man on your team. A guy like this-he wouldn't take chances. He'd know you all."

She didn't like the sound of that. Because it hit too close to the weird feelings she'd had lately. Watching.

"Are you ready for what's going to come? When we go after him, this guy won't go down easy."

A brittle laugh broke from her lips. "Trust me, things haven't been easy so far."

The streetlight spilled into the car, and she saw his gaze drop to her mouth. "No." His hand came up and cupped her chin.

"Kent..." He shouldn't do this. She shouldn't. Bad idea. She'd already told him this. But her heart drummed too fast, and her gut clenched.

"I like the way you say my name." Those sexy dimples flashed. "You're the only woman who's ever called me Kent, and when you say it, your voice goes soft and husky."

His head came closer.

She sucked in a breath, tasted him and smoke, and put both her hands against his chest. Lora tried real hard not to notice how good he felt beneath her hands. How hard.

She failed.

"Lora..."

Damn. She liked the way he said her name, too. "I don't want to get involved," she told him, and her voice wasn't so soft anymore.

Not that getting involved would probably be a real problem with a guy like Kenton.

Here today, gone tomorrow.

His eyes locked with hers. His fingers still held her chin, not too hard, stroking lightly. "I want you, Lora Spade."

Didn't get more blunt than that. Her breath caught. For once, Lora wasn't sure what to say.

"But I can keep my hands off..." He freed her chin and gripped the seat behind her. Lora's palms pressed against his chest, feeling the heat of his skin through the clothing. "If you want to keep things professional, fine. I can play that way."

She bet he could play any way. Her heart kicked faster.

"But I know something about you, sweetheart."

Her stomach tightened because the man had one deep, rumbling voice. Growling in the dark.

"I know you feel this, too." He leaned in even closer, stopping when his lips were just an inch, maybe two, from hers. "Attraction, lust, need-call it whatever the hell you want, but for us, it's there."

She swallowed. "Y-yes." She wouldn't lie. Why bother? Lora felt the fire between them. A fire that could burn too fast, too hot.

"Don't you want to see?" he whispered, and she felt his breath on her. "Before you turn away, don't you want to know what it would be like?"

Why did people always want to touch the flames?

Why did she?

Six months.

And every night had hurt.

Sometimes, you just didn't want to be alone.

But, sometimes, you wanted a lot more than just another body with you. So much more.

"One kiss."

So tempting. Too tempting. She'd been weak before and wound up with guilt and ash come morning. Her fingers curled against him. "Kent..."

"Or you can tell me to f**k off. Hell, you can tell me to f**k off after the kiss if you want, but, sweetheart, I've been dying to know..."

Mistake. She knew it, but-

She wanted him. Wanted him more than she'd wanted anyone in so long. Was it wrong?

"I've been dying to know," he said again, "how you taste."

Oh, hell. Her right hand grabbed the back of his head, and she yanked him down toward her.

Their mouths met. Open. Ready. Lips kissed. Tongues licked. And-damn.

Yes, she wanted.

The control she'd held so tightly began to crack. She jerked in her seat, struggling to press against him. He took her mouth. Tasted her. Tormented her. And she met him. No, she fought him, fought him for more.

His hands locked around her, and her br**sts shoved against his chest. Her ni**les were tight, aching, and her sex began to cream.

From a kiss.

Zero to sixty... faster, faster...

The man had one wicked tongue.

When he lifted his head, she wasn't surprised to hear the ragged sound of her own moan.

"Thought it'd be like that," he said.

Unfortunately, so had she and that didn't help her.

"But where we go next, if we go anywhere, that's going to be your call, sweetheart." His fingers curled around hers and pulled her hands from behind his head where she'd been clinging oh-so-tightly.

Because he was right about her. She did like to run red-hot. Passion. Lust. Lora was well-acquainted with the fiery need.

As acquainted as she was with the loneliness.

"Where do we go?" he asked softly.

I don't know.

"We work the case." He took a deep breath and yeah, his voice broke a bit around the edges as he said, "I keep my hands off you."

But those strong hands felt good on her flesh. And for just a few minutes there, with him, she'd forgotten...

Fire. Screams. Death.

And remembered pleasure.

She'd always loved her pleasure.

"Or we take option two."

Lora waited.

"We work the case each day, and we see just how hot we can make the nights."

When she licked her lips, she tasted him. Spicy. Wild.

"I'll make you scream," he promised. "I'll make damn sure you're satisfied, every time."

"Don't doubt it." She hesitated. "But I-"

His eyes hardened. "Is there someone else?"

Did a dead man count? Guilt stirred now, squeezing her heart, but Lora shook her head. "No."

"You're the sexiest thing I've ever seen." His voice rumbled. "Damn, Lora, I swear, your mouth was made for sin."

He still held her hands. She wanted his mouth back on hers. And because she wanted him right now, that wanting scared her as much as it aroused her, so she said, "I can't." Not then. Too fast. She needed to think. To make absolutely sure this-he-was what she wanted.

I won't make another mistake.

A muscle flexed in his jaw. He eased away from her, sliding back into his seat. "Clear." Clipped. "We'll work the case. I won't-"

"Give me some time," the words tumbled out. She hadn't meant to say them, but the need twisting in her gut had other plans. "Because you know I want you." Just not yet. Not then. The lust was too raw. Her hands shook, and the past kept teasing her. "Give me some time," she said again.

They wouldn't have long. Kenton would only be in town long enough to catch the arsonist. Then the case would end.

He'd leave.

And she'd move on. Like she always did.

Take the pleasure. There's no pain with him. No risk to your heart.

He wouldn't be there long enough to hurt her. But maybe, just maybe, he could make her nights better, for a while.

Take the pleasure. Yeah, that sly voice was sure whispering to her.

Pleasure, but no pain.

Her interior light flashed on when Kenton shoved open her door. "See you soon, sweetheart."

And her special agent was gone. Walking into the dawn.

Her fingers curled around the steering wheel. That last sweetheart, it hadn't been the sarcastic drawl he'd used before. It had been slower. Deeper.

A lover's caress.

Pleasure.

She knew he could give it to her.

Now, the question was... could she take it?

The light from the rising sun shot across the sky just as Kenton climbed out of his rented SUV and hurried toward the hotel at the edge of the highway.

Ah, hotels. Sometimes, it seemed as if he spent all his nights in run-down hotels.

And usually alone.

Damn but the woman tasted good. Not sweet. Not her. Hell, no. Rich. Tangy.

He wanted more.

But he'd get a cold shower. Shit.

Room 106 waited just a few feet away. And so did that very, very icy-

The door to room 107 opened, and Kenton tensed, his hand automatically going for the weapon at his hip.

"Late night, Special Agent?"

"Hyde?"

His boss flashed his shark's smile. "Got your message." He stepped forward, the shadows sliding off his dark skin. "Figured I'd come and take a look at Charlottesville myself."

Kenton shook his head. "We've got a problem here, sir." He unlocked his door, driving the keycard in with a quick punch of his fingers. "My gut tells me the crimes are linked-"

"And what does Lora Spade tell you?"

Kenton crossed the threshold but glanced back at Hyde. "The same thing I'm betting she said when she talked to you."

Hyde's expression never altered. He walked inside the hotel room, slowly. The door closed behind with a click.

Kenton's fingers curled around his gun, and he brought out the weapon.

"Ah, so you already know about that bit of business, hmm?" The one chair in the room creaked as Hyde made himself comfortable.

Kenton placed his gun on the bedside table before he faced Hyde again. His brows rose as he said, "I don't think Lora was too impressed with me at first."

"That's because she had to pull your ass out of a burning building." The shark's smile was gone, and the words fell heavy in the room.

Well, hell. The woman really had called his boss and ratted him out. Huh.

"I heard a man calling for help; I went in." Because dammit, it was his job to save lives. "Jerome was in that building, sir."

"I know-I already read your report."

Figured. Hyde was always fast-one of the reasons the guy was the boss.

"Interesting, don't you think, that the man who called to make a deal with some arson tips wound up in a fire like that?" Kenton asked.

Hyde eased back against the chair cushions and steepled his fingers under his chin. "I'd call that very interesting."

"There was another fire tonight." Glancing down, he saw the line of ash on his white shirt. Another one. Dry cleaning would be a bitch. "The vic was handcuffed to a radiator. He didn't make it out."

"Back-to-back fires?" Hyde's brows shot up. "If we're talking the same perp, that's some serious escalation."

"I know." Kenton rolled his shoulders. Christ, he hurt. Tension knotted between his shoulder blades and right then he sure could have used a massage.

Preferably one from Lora. The woman had great hands. Long fingers. Delicate bones.

After stretching his arms over his head, Kenton said, "I'm gonna need Monica on this." Because when it came to killers, Special Agent Monica Davenport was the best.

"Done."

"I could sure use Sam, too." He watched Hyde carefully now. "It seems like the fires stopped for almost six months... then started again with a freaking vengeance." And a break period like that just wasn't normal. "I'm thinking our guy just went somewhere else for his fun and games. Sam could do a check for me, cross-reference fires in a three-county radius and see if-"

"Not Sam."

But when it came to patterns, Samantha Kennedy was a genius. Give her a computer, hook her up to the SSD's files, and the woman could have a dozen linked cases in an hour.

"How is she?" Kenton asked bluntly, because he knew the other agent had been through hell. On their last big case, Sam had been captured by the perp. By the time they'd found her, the guy had already gotten off on torturing her and making Sam wish for death.

Beg for it.

It wasn't easy to come back from something like that. He knew.

Some crimes-they killed the victim right away. A quick, clean kill.

Others-they left the shell of the vic alive, but on the inside, the person slowly died. One piece of the vic's soul at a time.

"Sam took some extra time off," Hyde told him, voice smooth. "She's getting some rest. Taking it easy."

Getting help. Christ, yes, she needed to talk to someone.

He'd seen her eyes in that hospital room. He knew when he was staring into hell.

"I'm trying someone new for the tech work right now. A guy who finished from MIT with Sam and did well at Quantico." Hyde inclined his head. "I'll get him to run your search."

"I'm investigating the scene today." Kenton took a quick breath. Time to lay it all out there. "I've asked Lora to be my local contact for the cases."

No flicker of surprise. But then, when had Hyde ever been surprised? "From what I hear, Lora's one of the best firefighters Frank has on his team." He gave a slow nod. "You can use her eyes on the scene."

Yes, he could.

"Just be careful, Lake. Until we know exactly what we're dealing with here, we need to keep our investigation very, very secure."

In other words, don't trust the locals with all the case details. That was a lesson he'd learned the hard way before. "Yes, sir."

CHAPTER Four

Who the hell are you, and what are you doing at my scene?" The snarl came at him the minute Kenton and Hyde crossed under the yellow line of police tape at the torched house on Byron Street.

A tall guy, with blond hair and narrowed brown eyes, glared at them, crossing his arms over his chest.

"We're the FBI," Hyde told him, in that deep, booming voice of his. The voice that made the words sound like I'm God-who the f**k are you? "And, son, this is our scene."

The muddy eyes became slits then. "I don't think so."

"Serial Services Division." Kenton pulled out his ID. Just to be official. Sometimes, you had to follow the rules. "We believe this case is linked with a series of arson-related murders in the area, and we're taking over the investigation."

"Didn't get your name..." Hyde said, but the words were a definite demand.

"Gentlemen, you're looking at Chief County Arson Investigator Seth MacIntyre." The husky words came from behind them.

Kenton spun around. Ah, there she was. Right on time.

Lora had on a black T-shirt, faded jeans, and a pair of tennis shoes. Casual, but damn, still sexy.

The woman always was.

As he watched, Lora pulled on a pair of gloves. One blond brow rose as she turned her gaze on Kenton's boss. "And you're Keith Hyde."

Hyde turned his head slowly and locked his eyes on her. "Spade."

Her head inclined, just a bit.

"What? Hold on, just hold on a minute here!" Seth snapped. "I don't need any Bureau boys coming in, telling me how to do my job. Clear my scene, now. I haven't even had time to check for-"

"Seth, you've been here for five hours." Lora's cool-as-you-please voice. "Forget the pissing match. They're taking over because we've got to stop this bastard."

The man's face flushed red. "I've got this, Lora. I can-"

"We're all in over our heads. They're the SSD-this is what they do. They stop the serials."

"W-we can't even prove all the cases are linked," Seth sputtered. "With Jennifer Langley-"

"Let us worry about the links," Hyde told him, stepping into the charred house. "You just worry about collecting arson evidence from the scene."

The scent of smoke burned Kenton's nostrils. Two of the walls were all but gone, leaving blackened studs struggling to hold up part of the roof. Ashes covered the floor. Burnt insulation hung from the sagging roof.

"The SSD. I heard about y'all but..." Seth's jaw clenched.

But you didn't call us in. You had a serial hunting and you thought you could handle him on your own? Kenton stared at the guy. Just stared.

Seth swiped his hand over his face. "What are you hoping to find here?"

Kenton didn't answer as he headed inside. Lora followed close behind him, then she swept past them all, going to study the partially intact wall in the back.

Seth took a deep breath. He'd come in behind them. "There's no signature, okay? With the arsonists, there's always a tag. They like to start 'em the same way. Same place. Origin's usually fixed."

Not with this guy.

The arson investigator shook his head. "I know these guys. They have a pet accelerant. One they always use to get the burn just right-"

"I told you, Seth. This jerk likes to change his fires." Lora tossed this back without looking over her shoulder.

Seth's shoulders sagged a bit. His face didn't look quite so tense and angry then. Fear flickered in his eyes. "Another call came in?" A little bit of fear there, probably because the guy knew.

"Yeah," Kenton told him. "It did."

A rough sigh slipped past Seth's lips. "I didn't-I wasn't told-"

"Your fires might be different, son, but the victims are all trapped and the killer-he wants to make sure we know he's the one behind the flames." Hyde stalked around the interior, being careful not to touch any of the evidence. Like the chunk of radiator that still had a handcuff closed around one blackened pipe.

Poor bastard.

"He's a serial," Hyde said. "And he's ours." Pissing match over. They'd take these cases, and Seth could work with them, or not at all.

Seth's fingers clenched. "The first two-they were so different. A woman in her apartment. A guy in his garage. Not tied. Not bound. Not..." His gaze darted to Hyde and the radiator. "Cuffed."

"And then the third kill came." Kenton watched him, curious about the investigator's reaction.

"His own body trapped him." A hard swallow. "If the bastard hadn't called us in on Hatchen..."

"He wanted us to know." Lora turned around and put her hands on her hips. "The guy gets off on the fires, but he wants attention, too. He didn't claim the first kill, but he's claiming them now. Every one."

"He wants the world to see how good he is." Hyde's eyes were on Lora. Studying her, weighing her.

"He wants the world to see that he's f**king better than we are." She shook her head. "Maybe Jennifer Langley was some kind of test, to see if he could do it. And when he torched her..."

He saw he could get away with murder.

Lora exhaled. "He sets it up as a race, the fire versus the firefighters, and every time, we lose."

And sometimes, they died.

"That's sick, Lora." The arson investigator's lips twisted.

"That's what we're dealing with here, Seth. I told you after the second kill-before Carter went into that fire-he's setting us up. Getting us all to play his way."

He frowned. "I checked. Those two-Langley and Hatchen-didn't seem linked."

The guy's voice was gruff, and his shoulders couldn't drop much more. The attitude was gone now, finally, so maybe they could get someplace. It sure looked like the arson investigator knew he was in over his head now. "But after Creed died, you knew what was happening, didn't you?" Kenton asked.

"We all knew about that call." Seth's chin came up. "But there weren't any more fires, everything seemed to stop after that, and I thought-"

"There have been two fires within the last few days." Kenton stared him down. "Both claimed by the arsonist. I think it's safe to say our boy is back in business."

Seth exhaled. "Yeah, yeah... aw, Christ. I thought it was over!"

Kenton figured that it was just getting started. Two fires, so fast...

"What do you have on the vic?" Hyde demanded. "Cuffed to the radiator? That's one hell of a way to go."

He would have seen the flames coming at him. Probably nearly ripped his own wrist off trying to get free.

"D-dental records. The cops will have to ID him with dental records."

No big surprise.

How is he picking the victims? The question was driving Kenton crazy. If he was going to link all the crimes, the victims would be the key. He needed Monica down there, yesterday.

Lora went back to pacing the perimeter. Part of the roof had fallen, a large chunk of wood and shingles. She bent down, inching along the remains of the tiled floor. "Ghost marks," she whispered.

Kenton frowned. Ghost marks?

Lora glanced back up. "You can tell a liquid accelerant was used here because the gasoline bled under the tile." She pointed to the stained outlines. "Like a ghost leaving a trail behind."

"We already took samples, Lora," Seth rushed to say.

"Glad to hear it," she muttered and turned to head deeper into the hull of the house.

"That's not too stable!" Seth lunged after her, his right leg sagging a bit behind him. "You need to-"

"I see something."

Kenton crossed to her instantly, barely beating out the other guy.

"Small bag... looks like cocaine," Lora said.

"It's a drug house." Seth bent toward her. "No big surprise-"

"The bag's half-full..." She pulled it out, holding up the small, plastic bag. "That's real unusual for a place like this."

The victims... it's all about them.

An image of Larry Powell flashed before Kenton's face. The guy had been shaking, sweating-

Jonesing for his drugs.

Looked like their vic had been jonesing, too. Only he hadn't gotten to enjoy his stash.

Death had come first.

Shit, if the vic was Larry...

Larry Powell had seen someone at that fire scene on LeRoy.

And maybe, just maybe, the other bastard had come back. "I've got to make a call." The ME would have the body. Maybe he could cut down some of that IDing time if he gave Heather Jennings a nudge in the right direction.

Maybe. Maybe not.

Keith Hyde intimidated the hell out of her, and normally, Lora wasn't intimidated by anyone or anything.

"So you called my office."

They were outside. A few more techs were sweeping the scene. Maybe they'd do a better job and not-oh, overlook the evidence. The techs should have found that cocaine bag long before she did.

She glanced at him. "The cases needed to move faster. I was pretty sure the SSD could give them an ass-kicking to the top of the priority list."

Seth headed to his van, limping slightly, his head bent as he talked with a tech, a petite redhead with very animated hands.

"You risked pissing some folks off by going over their heads," Hyde told her.

And she knew he was right. She could immediately think of two men who would fall into that pissed-off category: Seth and Jason Lawrence, the police captain who'd refused to acknowledge the link between the arson murders.

"I piss folks off every day." She'd never been Miss Congeniality. One shoulder lifted. "You can't please everyone."

"So you try to please yourself?"

She blinked. Ah... "You know, don't you?"

"About you and Creed?" His lips firmed. "Yes. Trust me, if I'm on a case, there's little I don't know about."

"It's not... just about wanting justice for him." Or making the screams stop.

Her screams because Carter hadn't even had the chance to scream. Or to call for help or-

"Revenge can twist you up. Destroy you from the inside out." He wasn't looking at her. His eyes were on Kenton as the guy paced back and forth, talking fast to someone on his phone.

Revenge. "But sometimes it's the only thing that keeps you going." When you thought about lying down in a grave with someone, you needed something to live for.

"I want the bastard to pay." She wouldn't lie or spout some high moral crap. "I want him to burn."

"I suspected you did."

And she suspected there was a whole lot more to Keith Hyde than met the eye.

She turned toward him, really saw him. Perfect suit-hell, he and Kenton must shop at the same place. Short black hair, cut close to his scalp, faint lines around those black eyes, the barest hint of gray at his temples, and skin a deep, dark brown.

The guy was older, but his body looked strong and hard. This wasn't a man who sat at his desk, shoving papers around and dicking away his day.

This was a man who could look and know people.

"I don't want anyone else to die." Another honest comment from her. Because she could be honest. Just as she could be selfish. "If he's not stopped, he'll just keep burning and killing."

"True." His smile flashed. A lot of sharp, white teeth. "That's why I'm here."

Kenton shoved his phone back into his pocket. When he whirled to face them, she saw the butt of his gun.

"Watch your step with my agent, ma'am." Hyde's warning surprised her.

She blinked and dragged her gaze back to him.

Hyde's smile had dimmed a bit. His brows lowered and he said, "When folks go after revenge, they can lose control. Sometimes, those people can become as dangerous as the killers I hunt."

She wasn't dangerous. She just wanted some peace. Was that so much to ask?

"Good job finding the bag." Hyde adjusted his jacket. Not that it really needed adjusting. "Frank was right. You do have a good eye for the details."

He'd been talking to Frank?

Of course he had. Hyde knew the name of her last lover. The guy could probably tell her what kind of toothpaste she used.

"I never go into a situation blind." Hyde's eyes bored into her. "If you're the contact here, I have to make sure you're clear before we bring you on board."

Lora wet her lips. "You can trust me."

Hyde laughed. "No, I can't. But we can still use you."

Ah, at least he was being honest, too.

Kenton stopped beside them. His brows were drawn low. "What's so funny?"

"Not a damn thing," Hyde assured him.

Kenton's eyes narrowed, but then he asked, "When's Monica getting here?"

Hyde glanced at his watch. "Probably a little after sunset. I'm gonna get Ramirez to come down, too. I want a strong team working this one."

"We'll catch him." Kenton sounded certain.

"I'll be flying to Colorado tonight. Kim's found four graves out there." Hyde took a deep breath and exhaled slowly. "Every time I turn around, there's another one..."

And they hunted the freaks every day. Day in, day out, seeing the worst that humanity had to offer. "You ever get to save anybody, Hyde? Or is it-" What had he said about the woman? Kim? She'd found four graves. Is it just dead bodies?

Most days, she saved lives, and Lora liked that. Seeing a family safe-best damn part of her job.

Not the adrenaline, though sure, that rush could make you feel fifty feet high. But it was more.

Getting someone out safe-a hell of a lot more.

"I put the killers in cages, and they don't hurt anyone else." His head cocked. "That's saving lives."

Because if he didn't stop them, they'd just keep killing.

Her gaze swept to Kenton. What about him? How did he work in this game? And why?

"Call me if you need anything, Lake, and watch your ass. I don't want another agent going missing, ever, you got me?"

"Yes, sir."

Another tight nod, then Hyde was gone. He strode away with his head and shoulders up.

Lora finally released a full breath. "He's kinda scary." In the chew-you-up-and-spit-you-out way.

"Yeah," Kenton told her, voice expressionless. "He is."

She cleared her throat. "What did he mean about an agent going missing?"

Kenton rubbed his jaw. "You ever hear of the Watchman?"

Sounded familiar. It took a second, but the name clicked. "Uh, wait, he was the guy killing down in Mississippi, right? Torturing the women-"

"He made their worst fears come true." Same flat voice.

He'd worked that case? Talk about your real-life monsters.

Jeez, was there ever any light in the guy's life? Or was it always blood and death?

"He took one of the agents working the case. Nearly killed her."

Her heart thudded into her chest. She didn't remember reading about that in the papers. "Holy shit."

"We got her back." Grim now, with some fury cracking his flat surface. "It was the first time I ever worked a case that became personal. He made it personal because that was part of his twisted game."

She swallowed and rocked back on her heels. Her hands were balled into fists because she had the stupid urge to touch him. To pat his arm or just... touch. Because there was pain there, and if she understood anything in this world, it was pain. "She's okay now?"

His lips tightened. "We got her back," he said again, and it really wasn't an answer.

Screw it. Lora reached out to him. She skimmed her hand down his arm and felt him tense. "Why do you do this?"

"Because someone has to."

Her fingers curled around him. The heat from his body reached out to her. So warm. So strong.

"What about you?" His stare was steady and deep. "Running into burning buildings isn't the safest job. Why do it?"

She knew her smile was sad. Because she wasn't going to give him the truth either. "Because someone has to."

He'd watched them haul out the body.

What was left of it.

Watched the swarm of techs. And the news vans that came and went, as the reporters stopped for scene shots of the "gruesome" death.

He'd watched it all.

Then he'd seen her.

Lora came back to his scene, and she brought the Bureau bastards with her.

A trickle of sweat slid down his back. Fucking heat. Summers here were always a bitch.

His eyes narrowed as he watched them, Lora and the special agent. Kenton Lake.

He was running a check on the agent. He'd find dirt. There was always dirt. Always secrets.

Even Lora had secrets. Secrets she'd hoped were buried in the ashes. But he'd found them. He was good at finding secrets.

And if the secrets he discovered were bad enough, well, sometimes he had to punish the wicked.

Fire was perfect for that job.

If Lora wasn't careful, he'd have to punish her soon.

The match flipped between his fingertips.

"I want to see Jerome's crime scene," Kenton told her and saw Lora's eyes widen.

"What? You mean now?"

"Yes." They still had daylight, and he needed to see the place on LeRoy for himself. "Come on, we'll take my SUV." He'd bring her back later. He wanted her eyes with him at the scene. She'd be able to paint a picture of exactly how that fire had started. And he wanted the details. Every one.

He needed her.

She gave a slow nod, her hair skirting her cheeks. "Okay."

They strode toward his SUV, and Kenton wondered how long it would take to hear back from the ME. If she turned up a match, if that poor bastard turned out to be Larry Powell-

Then they had the first victim link.

He was sure it would be a match.

"Agent Lake?"

He looked up and met Detective Peter Malone's stare. The cop blinked. "Lake, wh-what are you doing here?"

"Trying to catch a killer."

"Uh-"

"The FBI is starting a task force." Might as well tell him now. Lora stilled beside him. "By the time you get back to your office, your captain will be ready to brief you."

"A task force?" A thick line appeared between Malone's brows, and his blue eyes widened. "But-"

"We've got an arsonist who likes to burn folks in Charlottesville." His teeth flashed. "The SSD is taking over-and we're taking him out."

Peter's gaze darted to Lora. "You told him about the others?"

"Yes."

He exhaled. "Good." The cop glanced at the house, his nose twitching. "Lora and I-we've been talking about the connections, but I couldn't get my boss to listen. Couldn't get more manpower. I knew there was more going on-" He swiped sweat off his brow. "Let's just say I am damn glad you're here."

Kenton blinked, a bit surprised. Guess that meant he could count on some cooperation from the cops.

Of course, he'd thought he'd had cooperation on the last case, too.

That had gone to shit.

"I'll be in to talk to your unit." He gave Detective Malone a slow nod. "But first I've got a pit stop to make. We're going back to the Jerome murder scene."

Malone sidestepped out of his way. "Be careful, man, that place ain't safe."

"Don't worry," Lora murmured. "I'll keep him safe."

Right. Because that was just what he needed.

"He didn't seem pissed that you'd gone over his head." Kenton slammed his door shut and engaged the alarm. He glanced to the left, the right, and wondered if he'd come out to find his rental stolen. In this neighborhood, a stolen vehicle was a definite possibility.

"Pete's been following the cases pretty hard. But brass gave him trouble. We needed more help. He knew that."

"Did you tell him you were calling the SSD?" He headed for the line of yellow police tape that secured the property.

"Uh, no." She shot him a sheepish glance. "I wasn't even sure you guys would believe me. But I knew I had to do something."

He eyed the blackened holes where windows had once been. "Trust me, we're believing." It was pretty hard to ignore a pile of bodies.

"Kent, I-" She broke off, shaking her head.

Ah, what was this?

"Thank you," she gritted, and it really seemed like the words were hard for her. Probably because they were.

"Don't thank me yet, sweetheart. I haven't got your killer."

Her hands clenched. "Hyde doesn't like me much."

Hyde wasn't the liking sort. Kenton shrugged and let his eyes drift back to the hollowed building. "I don't really care about that."

"Because you screw who you want?"

He blinked. Didn't expect that. But... "Yeah, that would be the general rule."

"He said he didn't trust me."

Kenton's mouth curled. "Hyde doesn't trust anyone outside the SSD." And as they'd all learned the hard way, when you were working cases this intense, it paid to watch your back and trust only those on your own team.

One mistake, and you'd be dead.

These killers were too sharp. There was a reason the local law enforcement folks called them in.

Lora exhaled heavily and walked ahead of him, skirting the police tape, moving easily, lightly on her feet. "So you always try to take women to bed even though you don't trust them?"

She'd thrown that one back nicely. He let his gaze drop from the sagging roof he'd been studying and onto her very fine ass. "Trust doesn't stop pleasure."

Lora stilled. "So it's just about the pleasure?"

"What's wrong with that?" After hell, pleasure sounded really good to him.

She looked back over her shoulder, the setting sun reflecting in her eyes. So gold.

Fuck. Was he supposed to have lied? He'd never lied his way into a woman's bed, and he wouldn't start now.

He wanted Lora.

He was pretty damn sure the sex between them would be incredible. Hell, the woman was explosive. Just looking at her made him hard.

But he was talking about lust and pleasure. What did she want? More?

Kenton wasn't sure that he had more to give.

"I like the way you look at me," she whispered.

She'd lost him, again. Because Kenton figured he was looking at her like a man starving. It was those eyes, those lips-the things he wanted to do with that mouth. To that mouth. He cleared his throat. "How do I look at you?"

"Like you want me."

Damn straight. Now. Naked.

"Not with pity."

What the hell?

"Or worry. Just... need." Her tongue swiped out, pretty and pink. "I like that."

She might as well have punched him in the stomach or given his c**k a long, slow stroke.

Lora turned away. "When you work an arson scene, you start investigating from the outside, then work in. The most damage is always around the point of origin, and from what I could determine, the origin of the fire was on the first floor, in the back room..."

The woman was a tease. Shit, when they were done with this scene-

"Gasoline was the accelerant. If you look," her hands pointed. "You can see the scorch marks on the wall. The fire started on the floor, following the path of the gas. It snaked back here, then rose to the second floor."

Kenton took a breath. Tasted ash and her. Focus. He'd asked her out here to pick her brain, not to fantasize about having her naked.

I like the way you look at me.

Lora Spade was very dangerous.

"Fire always wants to burn up," she told him as her gaze scanned the scene. "So when you see the flames staying low, that's a sign that a flammable liquid is controlling the direction of the fire."

"The storage closet where they found Jerome..." He cleared his throat because his voice sounded too rough. By-product of the lust raging through his blood. "It's directly above us, right?"

A grim nod.

"If the killer had gasoline, he came here, knowing he'd set the fire."

"The guy always comes prepared," Lora said, cocking her head to watch him. "Or at least, he has been on the last few fires."

Because the guy had evolved with the kills. Standard behavior for a serial. Those killers who weren't caught learned to get smarter. Their arsonist had learned to prepare.

Time to reveal a bit more to her. "Jerome was an informant. His handler delivered a message to the SSD. Said Jerome had some info on the Skofield arson."

Her lips parted. "And you didn't tell me this right away?" She marched toward him. "You knew I wasn't sure if this fire was connected. He never kills his victims first-"

"He did this time." Kenton was certain of it. "Because he wanted to make sure Jerome never had the chance to talk."

"The chance to talk... to you. That's why you were here-you were coming to find out everything Jerome knew."

He remembered the sight of the dancing flames. "I just got here too late."

The floor above them creaked. Hell, the whole place seemed to be creaking and groaning.

"What did you hope to see here?" Lora asked, narrowing those sexy eyes. "Seth has been all over this place, and he didn't-"

"He didn't find the drugs at the last scene."

"No, he didn't." She glanced behind her.

A car horn blared in the distance.

"Why'd he start the fire here, Lora? Why this spot?"

"The trail he set gave him easy access out. Toss and burn, that's all he had to do here."

"After he killed Jerome." Just in case, huh, bastard? Just in case the firefighters beat you at your sick game, you didn't want to take any chances.

Ash trickled down onto Lora's shoulder. A small dusting, almost like a mist. Her fingers lifted, rubbing the darkness.

Another soft groan rose from those blackened walls.

Her gaze darted to the left, then up. She stared at the black lines above them. "I want you to move real fast, Kent, okay?"

Her voice was calm, but her eyes, when they slowly lowered to his, were glowing bright.

"Get to the door," she told him as another groan burst from above them, louder this time. Much louder. Lora lunged toward him. "Get to the door!" A stark whisper.

Not without her. No way.

Kenton caught her arm and they shot forward. Not groans from the ceiling anymore. Screams.

Darkness, all around-no, ash. Falling. Covering him.

His fingers dug into her flesh, and he shoved her through the doorframe, slamming into her as he stumbled out on her heels.

They hit the cement. Hard. At the impact, the skin tore on his palms, and his chest rammed into her back.

But they got out-just before what was left of the second story crashed down on them.

Kenton choked on the dirt and dust filling his lungs. "Fuck." He pushed up, feeling the cuts in his palm tear deeper. "Lora, you okay?" All he could see was the back of that silky hair. She rolled a bit, wincing as she turned toward him. Long red scratches marred her right cheek. Her face must have hit the cement.

"Yeah, I'm-" Lora coughed a bit. "I'm all right."

He wanted to kiss her then because his heart was racing, and he was so damn glad they'd gotten out of there. He wanted to-

Kenton crashed his mouth onto hers and drove his tongue deep. He tasted. He took. And he wanted a hell of a lot more.

More he'd be getting, very, very soon.

Lora moaned into his mouth, a sweet, tempting little sound that had his c**k twitching. She felt soft beneath him. Smooth muscles, silken flesh. And her mouth...

Her tongue swiped against his. Her lips pressed tight against his mouth. The woman knew how to make a man weak. And very, very hungry.

His mouth hardened on hers, and his tongue thrust deeper. Her fingers were against him, pressing lightly. Her body soft and close and-

More.

The demand echoed in his mind, but...

Not the f**king time.

Forcing his head to lift and his mouth to free hers, Kenton sucked in a hard breath. Lust and fury beat in his veins. "What the hell just happened? I thought that building had been cleared! The search teams had the okay to go in, it should have been stable-"

"It was stable." Her lips were red from his mouth. Trembling.

They could have f**king died in there.

His heart slammed into his ribs.

"This place was checked, double-checked. It was secure."

A rivulet of blood dripped down her cheek.

"Then what happened?" But the ice in his gut told him. Before she spoke, he knew-

"Someone had to come back and damage the structure. There was no reason for the upper floor to fall. It shouldn't have given way."

Unless someone had given the collapse a hand. Someone who knew the building's weak spots.

Someone who might want to bury evidence.

And who'd almost buried an FBI agent and a firefighter.

Sonofabitch. Now the ass**le was getting personal.

CHAPTER Five

You're looking for a man who enjoys total control." Special Agent Monica Davenport walked slowly around the police bullpen, her gaze sweeping over the men and women there. Davenport was tall, way too pretty, and icily controlled.

Lora shifted a bit in the back, aware that in her torn jeans and ash-stained clothing, she looked like a wreck. "Seriously, babe," Max Quint said from beside her, the words a low whisper, "you look like hell."

She turned her head, just a bit, and bared her teeth at him. This wasn't a beauty pageant. And no way would she have missed this briefing. Even if the chief hadn't paged her and told her to meet up at the precinct with the cops, she would have been there. She'd wanted to hear everything the profiler had to say about their guy.

A line of cops sat before the firefighters. Some propped on desks, some at attention in stiff chairs. A pecking order. The uniforms were trying to show this was their case. But the chief had said that Davenport asked the firefighters to come.

So we'll know what we're up against.

Smart woman.

"We're looking for a male, most likely in his early to late thirties. He may have experience in law enforcement..." Davenport's bright blue eyes cut to the back of the room. "He could have even worked as a firefighter."

Ah, wow, wait a minute-

Max stiffened beside her, then shot up to his full six foot five inches. "You sayin' it's one of us?" His deep voice easily carried across the room.

Davenport's expression didn't alter. "We're saying the perpetrator has knowledge that makes him very dangerous. Insider knowledge. The man knows about fires. He knows about staging his scenes, and he knows entirely too much about evidence." Her dark brows rose. "Or rather, he knows exactly how to not leave evidence behind. He's very, very good."

Or lucky. Maybe the evidence burned away.

"You really think we got us a serial killer here? In Charlottesville?" Lora rose on her toes and saw that this came from a red-faced cop in a neatly pressed uniform. One huddled near the front.

"And one who offed Hatchen," another cop muttered. "Sure didn't think that would be the way the bastard went out."

Max's shoulder brushed hers. "She didn't answer my question," he said.

No, she hadn't. Lora eased back down.

What had Hyde told her? When she'd tried to get the guy to trust her?

I can't. But we can still use you.

It looked like the SSD would be using them all.

Fair enough, she was using the SSD.

Revenge. Not pretty, but then, life wasn't. She'd learned that firsthand when she had been thirteen years old, and she'd watched her brother burn.

Kenton cleared his throat, pulling attention right back to him. "The SSD has reason to believe that five arsons in the area are linked." Behind him, on a giant whiteboard, he'd tacked up pictures of the victims.

She hadn't looked at Carter's picture. Wouldn't.

Couldn't.

"We're looking for a very organized killer," Davenport told them, her high heels tapping on the floor as she returned to Kenton's side. "One with an obvious and vast knowledge of arson. One who likes the rush that he gets from the fire, from the death-"

"You got a fire freak." Max crossed his arms and let his voice drift out, loud and clear. "That's not a firefighter." There were murmurs from the crew around them.

One of their own had fallen to this guy. The agents didn't seem to get that they were about to cross a line with them. And the guys weren't very forgiving.

"What I have..." Wow. The chill in that woman's voice could have formed icicles. "Is a man who is addicted to fire. Arsonists usually begin experimenting with fire when they are kids, and the experience for this perp would be no different. Maybe he was in a fire. Maybe he played with fire, but the attraction started years ago."

Attraction. Jeez, the woman made the fire sound like a lover.

"He traps the victims in the fire because he's showing that the flames have the power. The ultimate say in the person's life or death."

Lora caught Seth nodding. Right, figured he'd be totally on board now. Like he hadn't been dodging her calls for weeks. But there he stood, to the far right of Kenton, acting like he was part of their team. All ready to catch a killer.

"This man doesn't have a distinct signature. Not the same accelerant, not the same victim type." Davenport glanced at the victims' board.

Lora glanced at the floor.

"But the trap-that's his mark. And I'm thinking there have been other cases. Maybe it wasn't so obvious that the victim was trapped. Perhaps he started the game by staging the scenes as accidents-"

"Because he wanted to see if he could get away with murder," Kenton broke in.

Lora's gaze flew up. "So far, he has." Okay, that pissy snap was hers. Lora couldn't help it. The words just slipped out. Control hadn't really ever been her strong suit.

Kenton shifted, and his gaze zeroed in on her. "So far. Not forever." Of course, he'd heard her. His stare held hers, bright and hot, then drifted to her cheek. His lips tightened.

"Uh... excuse me." Seth stepped up, brushing just past Pete. Not surprising that Seth had aligned with the cops instead of the firefighters. These days, he spent more time with the cops. Besides, he and Pete were friends. Had been, for years. Those two guys usually agreed on things, but not this case.

Seth cleared his throat. "If he was getting away with the crimes, then why'd the perpetrator start calling 911 and telling the dispatcher about the fires? If he hadn't called in with Hatchen and Skofield, there wouldn't have been any link-"

"Attention." Davenport's flat answer. "The guy is good, and he wanted some recognition for his talent."

"Good?" Okay, that one broke free, too, and now she had Monica's eerie blue eyes focusing on her. Lora squared her shoulders. "He's not good. He's a twisted freak who gets off on starting fires and killing people."

"Yes." A quick nod. That gaze was way too assessing. "I do believe he gets off on the flames, and the death, and I think he probably watches, very, very closely to see what happens at all of his scenes."

"So from now on, you're to watch the crowds." Kenton's stare tracked back across the room. "Note the faces. The body language. If he lights a place, our guy is there. We'll be doing searches of surrounding buildings. We'll write down car tag numbers. We will find this guy."

"Before he kills someone else?" Ah, now Pete was speaking up. He'd been scribbling down notes during the briefing, but now his pen was poised in the air. "Sounds to me like you're already factoring in his next hit. We search the crowd after the fire. We canvass the area after. What are we gonna do before he strikes?" His eyes narrowed, and his handsome face hardened. "What are we gonna do so that we don't have to ID another poor bastard by using his dental records?"

Now this was why she and Pete had dated once upon a time. He went after the bad guys. And he tried to keep the victims safe. The guy wasn't perfect, but he was a good cop. One who'd just been thwarted by his boss.

No one ever wanted to admit the problem was too big. The brass at the Charlottesville PD sure hadn't wanted to admit they might have a serial on their hands. Better to bury their heads, bury the dead, and hope the guy left town.

Stupid.

"We've got members of the SSD cross-referencing fires that resulted in fatalities in the area." A muscle flexed along Kenton's jaw. "We're going to review the files in the county arson investigator's office and see what connections we find."

"The key in cases like this," Davenport added in her smooth voice, "is finding an early crime. You need to see what set off the serial. What drove him to cross the line that first time. Finding an earlier case could lead us right to our killer's identity."

Now that would be something.

"And we're working on victims." Kenton pointed at Pete. "Malone, I want you manning a team and ripping through the lives of the vics. There's a reason he picked those people. They weren't random-"

"They rarely are," Davenport agreed.

"When we find the connection between them, we've got another piece of the puzzle. Another clue to finding him."

Sounded better than just sitting on their asses.

"But if there is another fire..." Kenton began.

"He means when," Max said. Lora drove her elbow into his side. Straight into solid muscle.

"Then you need to be on your guard." Kenton paused. "Because I think he likes playing with you." He meant the firefighters, all of them, right? But he was looking only at her. "He's getting personal. He took one of yours down. You have to stay on guard because he's drawing you into his game."

His sick, twisted game. "All right." Kenton clapped his hands together. "Team leaders will stay to get their orders. Stay sharp, people. There's a perp out there, playing in your town, and you've got to be ready for him. Twenty-four seven, be ready."

"You heard the man!" Police Captain Jason Lawrence finally stepped up. Jerk. He should have stepped up long ago. He should have been the one to call the SSD. "We're hunting this perp-we're stopping him." The perp he hadn't wanted to acknowledge. But now, his beady eyes were bright with excitement, even if his forehead was showing more than a trickle of sweat.

"He's gotten a taste of blood, and he's going to want more." Davenport touched the pictures of the victims. First Jennifer. Tom Hatchen. Charlie Skofield. Carter.

Christ. Carter. Smiling. Wearing his fireman's helmet. Handsome. Young. Alive.

Not anymore.

"Good job, Spade." She glanced up at Chief Garrison's gruff voice. His green eyes glinted at her.

"Sir, I didn't-"

He caught her hand and pulled her to the side as the others filed out. "Glad you called 'em in. If you hadn't, I would have."

Her gaze darted to the line of uniforms filing out. "I was tired of seeing bodies."

"Me, too." His broad shoulders, football shoulders, rose and fell. "And I don't like burying my men."

Her chin came up. "No, sir, that f**king sucks."

She caught his stare as it raked her face. Since Carter's death, even the chief had been going easy on her, and the guy with the nickname of Grizzly wasn't supposed to go easy on anyone.

"You okay working with those agents?"

She nodded.

He leaned in close. "Get 'im, Spade. Burn the bastard."

Then he was gone, heading toward the group of firefighters waiting near the exit.

"Lora, you comin'?" Max called out. Pete and Seth were huddled behind him, talking fast. "We're heading to Mickey's."

Probably to blow off steam. "No, I-"

"I need to brief her." Kenton caught her arm. "Now."

Max's brows rose. "Uh, okay." Surprise flashed over the hard lines and angles of his face.

Then Kenton pushed her in the office to the right. He slammed the door behind them, and she forgot about Max.

"You've still got blood on you."

Ah, yeah, so she wasn't pristine. "No time to change." The guy might carry spare suits around with him, but she didn't. "Not like I could-"

He kissed her. Drove those sexy lips right on hers and plunged his tongue deep.

Well damn.

Her fingers rose and clamped around his shoulders. Because she was tall, they stood almost chest to chest. Almost. Lora rose on her toes, held him tighter, and felt the heat from the hard ridge of his c**k press against her.

Wow. No pity there. Need. Lust. Passion.

Pleasure.

Give me what I need. He could. She knew it. Lora sucked his tongue, pressed harder against him, and heard the growl in his throat. He liked that. Then he'd sure love everything else she'd do to him.

His hands locked on her ass. Curled and pulled her against the swell of his cock.

No mistaking that arousal.

Or her own. Because Lora knew her panties were getting wet. A dozen cops within shouting distance, and she wanted sex. Right now.

His tongue swiped against hers, and her ni**les pebbled.

Right now.

Her fingers dug into his upper arms, urging him closer. Needing more.

His mouth tore from hers.

Dammit, she'd been enjoying-

His lips pressed against her neck. Right under her ear. Her weak spot. Oh, Christ.

She trembled, and her sex creamed. Definitely wet panties.

Her nails bit harder into him. "Kent..." So not the right place. She could hear everyone outside, voices rising and falling, phones ringing. "Not... now."

He tensed against her. His breath feathered over her neck, and a chill skated down her body.

Sex with him would be phenomenal. No doubt.

She'd scream. She'd come. She'd forget.

Is that what I want? Is he?

His head rose, and those gunmetal eyes met hers. She could see the lust on his face. Hard need.

Take him.

Didn't she deserve something, someone for herself? Pleasure... just a few hours.

He wouldn't be there forever.

He wouldn't know her past.

He'd take her, she'd take him, and to hell with what others thought.

So very tempting.

"M-my house..." Did she just whisper that?

Yes.

His eyes widened, and the raw lust on his face had an ache shooting through her.

Her hands feathered over his chest. She rose, licked his lower lip, and heard the hitch of his breath. "I'm not into displays, so I'm not screwing here." She sounded cocky. Confident. Good. Maybe he wouldn't notice that her knees were shaking. "Just me and you, Kent. My place. Tonight, when everything's-"

A hard rap on the door. She glanced over and saw the blinds shaking beneath that pounding. What?

Kenton's fingers clenched around her. "Someone has piss-poor timing."

Right. Blame them. "Um, can you let go of my ass?" Her stare turned back to him.

His eyes narrowed, and his fingers pressed harder, but after a moment, he dropped his hands and stepped back. "For now."

Ah, promises.

Kenton's gaze dropped to her lips. "Have I told you that you taste like sin?"

Her knees shook harder. Another knock rattled the door.

"Come in!" Kenton barked.

The door shoved open, and a uniform stuck his head in. That same red-faced guy who'd asked the question in the briefing. "We got a call!" The man's voice broke with excitement. "Agent Davenport wants you, now, says it's him!"

Lora shook her head. No, the cop couldn't mean-

"Fuck me." Kenton ran out of the room.

Him.

Lora knocked the cop back when she torpedoed through the door.

The silence hit her first. No more rumbles of voices. No more whispers. All the cops in the bullpen stood at attention-and that attention, it was all on Agent Davenport. She stood near the front of the room, arms crossed, staring at the phone on the desk near her hip.

"I'm Phoenix." A high, whispering voice.

A voice that filled every inch of the room.

Distorted, just like before, on the 911 tapes. Metallic, robotic, but whispering.

"Just called," a cop whispered behind her. Some young guy with bright red hair and muddy brown eyes. "He called John at the front desk, asked to talk to the FBI bastards."

Her brows rose. "Uh, what?"

"FBI bastards." His face had flushed almost enough to match his hair. "He knew they were here."

And that wasn't good. Not good at all.

"I burn and I rise and the weak die."

Peter stood beside Davenport. "Tracing," he mouthed the word.

He'd called the station. Ballsy. She hadn't expected that.

"And how do you decide who the weak are?" Davenport asked, inching closer to the phone. Static crackled over the speaker. "How do you pick who burns?"

"The fire burns. She kills. She judges the wicked."

Lora's heart shoved into her ribs. That voice... a whisper.

Makes him real. Not shadows and ash anymore. A real perp. A killer.

"No." Davenport's voice snapped out. "You judge. You trap the victims. You start the fire."

"The heroes arrive too late. Can't beat the flames. Can't beat me."

"You're setting up a game-"

"I'm Phoenix. I burn and I rise and the weak die." Laughter, hoarse and grating. "Time's up, bitch."

The sound of a dial tone filled the room.

Lora sucked in a hard breath. She looked up and found Davenport's eyes locked tight on her. And over the agent's shoulder, Carter's image smiled at her.

"I guess the perp decided to come out of the closet." Kenton led the way into the small office they'd been assigned and threw himself into the chair behind the desk. Wheels squeaked, and cheap leather groaned. "Hell, did you see those guys?" he asked Monica. "They aren't gonna keep this quiet. Ten-to-one odds say at least two of them are running to the nearest news station right now."

Monica closed the door. Her face was tense as she said, "Then I guess we'd better run faster."

He stared at her, and, after a moment, a slow smile lifted his lips. He always got to handle the press. Sometimes he rather enjoyed that part of the job. Other times, not so much.

"He called because he wants attention," Monica said, and he knew she was right. "The fires started small. The crimes not as obvious. But he just got bigger and bigger."

Kenton rolled his shoulders, trying to ease the tension that knotted his muscles. "He kept killing because he got hooked on the thrill." And now the bastard wanted the world to know just what he was doing.

Monica walked toward the small window. "He wants everyone to know he has the control. It's his game. He's calling the shots. Calling us. He knew we were investigating, getting the teams ready. It would fit with his need for control." She glanced back at him.

Kenton rose and straightened his clothes. "Then I guess it's time I went out there and snatched that perp's control away." He'd slant the coverage before the press had a chance to splash their version of Phoenix's story on all the TV stations and newspapers in the area.

"He's not going to like this," Monica warned. "He'll see you as a threat."

Kenton smiled. "Good." That was exactly what he wanted. If Phoenix wanted to target someone, he could target Kenton. "We're not gonna be dancing on his damn puppet strings."

Monica's lips curled. "No, we're not."

Lora flipped on the TV. When the black screen vanished and Tom Myers, always-perfect newsman for Channel Five, popped on the screen, she tossed the remote and tugged the towel from her head. She'd rushed through her shower, wanting to hurry in case-

"Tonight, we're bringing you a very special, exclusive live report from our Channel Five studio." Tom's handsome, if bland face filled her screen. His deep green eyes were boiling with intensity. "Rumors have been flying around the city about a so-called Phoenix serial arsonist."

The news already had the story? What? Had the cops run to the station? Not the firefighters, not her team, they wouldn't have-

"I'm here with Special Agent Kenton Lake of the FBI. Agent Lake is a member of the elite Serial Services Division, and he's here to tell us exactly what nightmare our city faces."

The towel fell to the floor.

The camera panned back, and there he was. Sitting at the news desk with good old Tom. That still-perfect suit hugging his chest. His hair in place. A grim smile curling his lips.

"Agent Lake..." Tom turned to face him, giving his trademark profile shot. Figured. The guy was always flashing his best side. "Tell us, should the city be afraid? Are we in the sights of a calculating killer?"

Christ. Did the guy want to give old women heart attacks? Or just drive his ratings numbers up his own ass?

Kenton's smile eased away. "Not a calculating killer, Tom. There's an arsonist in the city, true. But he's a sick individual, one whose fascination with fire has caused him to lose all touch with reality."

Uh-oh.

"This man suffers from severe psychological problems. He's not a criminal mastermind-no genius killer. He's a guy who needs psychiatric help, and when we catch him-"

Lora's knees gave way, and her butt hit the couch.

Kenton's smile flashed again. "We'll make sure that he's given the opportunity to get counseling and medication in prison."

The guy had just waved a red flag right in the bull's face.

"Fucking bastard!" He picked up the television and slammed it into the wall. "You are f**king dead!" He'd been so careful with his phone call. Staging the scene so well...

Now this ass**le was in his face. Blasting his lies to the world.

Lake didn't know what he'd done. That dick thought that he could lie about him? Take the spotlight? Get his face plastered all over the TV while the guy laughed at him?

Lake wouldn't laugh when the flames came for him.

No, he wouldn't laugh then.

But he might beg.

And then he'd burn.

Bastard.

"Cut! That's a wrap, people."

Kenton yanked the microphone off his lapel.

"Good job, Lake." Monica emerged from the shadows. She hadn't come on-camera during the shoot. The woman liked to leave the dirty work to him.

He grunted and pushed out of the chair, glad the camera was off. "Think our boy caught the show?"

"Oh, I'd count on it."

The holster at Kenton's side was a light weight against him. One he'd be keeping real close for the next few days. Until he had the pyro locked up. "So I guess I got his attention."

Her gaze was steady. "You understand that you just made yourself a target?"

"No, I made myself the target. And that was our plan, right?" They stalked away from the set. "We wanted to piss him off, and I'd say we did."

Monica smoothed back her hair. Not that it needed smoothing. "I'd say you did. You're the one he saw. The one he'll come after."

But that had been their goal. To rile the perp and to throw him off his game. The rage would make him weak. Fury caused killers to get sloppy. "When he comes..." Not if, when. "I'll be ready."

"I know you will be." Monica's lips tightened at the corners. "Just-watch your back, okay?"

A warning Kenton didn't need. "Always."

Monica watched Kenton drive away. He wasn't heading back to the hotel, and it didn't take magical profiling skills to figure that one out. She'd seen the way that his eyes kept darting to the female firefighter. The one with blood on her cheek and fury in her eyes.

A whole lot of heat came from that one. Heat that seemed to be drawing Kenton right in.

And she hadn't missed the red, swollen lips the woman had, either. No way those two had been discussing the case when they ran out of the office at the station.

"What do you want me to do?" The man's voice came from the shadows. She didn't jump, didn't flinch. She'd known he was there.

Not many would have known, but she'd gotten pretty good at spotting Special Agent Jon Ramirez, ex-sniper and all-around spook. The guy could get into and out of almost any place without being seen.

He was also one hell of a tracker.

Monica glanced at her watch. "Wasn't expecting you for another hour."

A gruff laugh. "I like to keep you guessing, Davenport."

And he did. Of all the agents she worked with, Monica had the least success in figuring out Ramirez. The guy laughed at death, hunted killers with a single-minded fury, and kept his emotions as closed as, well-

As I did.

Until Luke had come along and blown her control.

"Kenton didn't realize you'd arrived." He'd been too busy staring into the camera, delivering their message right to the killer.

Come on, let's play.

She just hoped this game didn't backfire on them. Monica knew it was dangerous. When you tried to manipulate a killer, the world could explode. Or, in this case, burn around you.

"I think Lake had other things on his mind."

A killer. A woman. Sex.

Kenton had always been easy for her to read. "Stay on him, okay? I don't want this going down like the one in Jasper." She could still see Sam's pale face.

Samantha Kennedy. She'd been so carefree and happy before. Then a killer touched her. Broke her.

"Not like Jasper," she said again. "You can tail anyone." One of his specialties. "Make sure he's safe." She'd have to get another agent in for backup. Two sets of eyes on Kenton. And she'd keep working the profile.

Something would give. A mistake would be made and she'd find a link. It was just a matter of time. "Make sure he's safe," she said again.

And the sniper smiled. "He won't even know I'm there."

"It's not him I'm worried about. I don't want our killer to know." Because if they could lure him out and catch him-

Game over, Phoenix.

The doorbell rang, and Lora's heart slammed into overdrive. She rose, the robe shifting lightly against her thighs, and she hurried for the door. Lora pressed her eye against the peephole and saw her late-night visitor.

After one glance, she jumped back and flipped the locks. Eyes narrowing, she wrapped her fingers around the knob and yanked the door open.

"Are you insane?" she snarled, glaring at Kenton. "Or do you just have a death wish?"

His brows rose. "Guess you caught the news." Then his eyes raked down her body, and his lips parted. A soft sigh. Then, "Damn." Appreciation flavored the curse.

She grabbed his shirt and hauled him inside. "What were you thinking?" Lora slammed the door behind him, barely hearing the groan of the wood. "Were you thinking? Do you want the freak to target you because you pissed him off? Do you want-"

"Yes."

Insane. The guy was certifiable. "Run that by me again," she snapped, her voice cracking with anger.

"I want him coming after me." His eyes lifted back to her face, and yeah, she recognized lust when she saw it. Her fingers shook a bit when she tightened the belt on her robe. Not that there was whole lot to the robe. "I want him coming after me"-his voice was gruff and deep-"instead of trapping some poor bastard in his fire and letting him burn."

"Do you want to burn?" Lora asked. Kenton didn't know what it was like. When the fire came and it kissed you, and the pain stole your breath even as you tried to scream.

"I know the game. He's not going to get me." His head lowered. She saw his nostrils flare. "But I'll get him."

She hoped. God, she hoped. But she'd already seen one lover die.

"I got your address from your records."

Her eyes widened. Oh, right, she'd forgotten to tell the guy where she lived. Luckily for her, he was a special agent man.

"You said... Christ, you smell good."

Raspberry body wash. It'd been a gift last Christmas from Amanda Adams, the only other female fighter at the Bringham station.

Kenton cleared his throat. "You said tonight... after..." His fingers tightened around her. "You said-"

Just me and you. My place. Tonight.

But that had been before. When the need was high and the lust was beating in her blood. Before-before he'd gone on TV and challenged a killer.

I won't lose another lover.

Didn't he understand what he'd done?

If she had to drag his body from the flames...

Their eyes held. His body pressed against hers. His lips were so close.

Dammit. Damn him.

She grabbed the back of his head and yanked him toward her. Their mouths met, no tentative touch. No light caress.

She was angry with him. Furious at the risk he was taking. She was angry and afraid, and she wanted him.

The press of her lips was hard against his. Demanding. And he met her-dead on. Lips, tongue, tasting, taking. His hands were on her, lifting her and shoving her against the wall. He pushed between her legs, his c**k heavy and full and riding high at the top of his pants.

His fingers tangled in her robe and jerked it free while his mouth stayed locked on hers. He kept thrusting that tongue deep, even as his chest eased back, even as his fingers wrenched the robe away and left her-

Naked.

His head snapped back. "Fuck."

They'd be getting there, soon.

His hands closed over her br**sts, cupping the mounds, stroking the ni**les, and her head tipped back against the wall. This, this was what she needed. The heat of her blood. The tight yearning in her sex.

"Bed... or I take you here."

Tempting. Especially when his dark head lowered and his lips closed around her right breast. He took the nipple into his mouth, sucking and licking-

"The first room..." She choked back a moan when she felt the edge of his teeth. "Top of the s-stairs... right."

He growled. Pulled back. Started stripping. Nice.

The jacket first. Then-

Weapon. Gun.

His hand went to the holster. He secured the weapon and seconds later, his shirt hit the floor.

Bare chest with muscles gleaming. A light covering of dark hair.

Better than nice.

She slid away from him. Being naked had never bothered her. So she lifted her head and smiled at him when he froze. She said simply, "Come get me."

Then she was gone. He'd follow, she had no doubt. And she'd be waiting in bed.

Lora ran up the stairs, her feet thudding on the steps. She heard Kenton behind her, the rasp of his breath and the hungry whisper of her name.

The light from the hallway spilled inside her bedroom. She'd barely stepped over the threshold when he caught her. Kenton spun her around and yanked her up in his arms. Two steps, and they were on the bed. Crashing down. Falling hard into the soft mattress.

He caged her arms over her head, holding them with one hand even as he took her mouth.

That other hand-yes!-drifted down her stomach and pushed between her legs. He'd find her wet, she knew it. One kiss, and she'd been wet for him. Creamy, hot. Ready.

So long.

All those nights. Staring into the darkness. Wanting.

Alone. But not tonight. By God, not tonight.

It might be wrong. Might be too fast. Might be a million things-

She didn't care. Screw reason. She'd tried to be a good girl and go that route. She'd never been into the whole good-girl scene.

His fingers parted the folds of her sex. His thumb pushed against her clit, and every muscle in her body tightened. "Easy." His whisper in the darkness.

But she didn't want easy. She wanted hard and fast. She wanted pleasure.

She shuddered against him. "No."

Kenton stilled. "What? Lora, don't-"

"Not easy." She lifted her head and bit his shoulder. She tasted the salt on his skin. "Hard. Wild. Give me everything." Because that was what she wanted.

He pushed up onto his elbows, and his eyes gleamed down at her. "Be careful what you ask for."

"I know what I want..." His hand was between her thighs. That thumb pushing against her clit wasn't enough, not even close. She wanted-

He drove two fingers into her. Then pulled them back and drove deeper.

Yes.

His mouth took her breast. Licking. Sucking. The peak was so sensitive that it almost hurt, but the pleasure, yes, it was there, pulsing through her, heating her, driving through her blood.

She tore her hands free of his hold and raked her nails down his back. He still had his pants on. She wanted them gone. Wanted his c**k out, slamming into her while she held on for the ride.

"You're tight... Damn, sweetheart, you'll be-"

Those fingers plunged again. A slow swipe of his thumb over her clit.

"More!" Not a whimper. Not a plea. A demand.

The stubble on his cheeks rasped over her flesh as his mouth moved down her stomach. Wait, no, what was he-

He withdrew his fingers and parted her thighs. Wider. Opening her fully.

No, she didn't want that. She just wanted sex. Hot. Dirty. Fast. Not-

She stiffened when he put his mouth on her.

This room, right here, the last time, it had been-

"Stay with me."

Her eyes flew open. She hadn't realized she'd shut them.

"Stay with me." A snarl from Kenton, and she realized he knew.

She'd slipped into the past. Another lover's arms. Oh, no, she hadn't meant-

He rose up and kissed her. Fury and lust.

Her fingers caught the front of his pants. She wasn't going back. Couldn't go back.

Kenton. She wanted him.

She yanked the clasp, and a button popped free. His zipper came down with a hiss. No underwear.

Lora almost smiled. Almost, but the moment was too tense.

His eyes were on her.

His body surrounding hers.

Her legs were still open. Her br**sts tight and aching.

She closed her fingers around him and pumped, base to tip. The guy was impressive. Long, thick, easily wider than her wrist and-

He yanked out his wallet.

"Wh-"

Condom. "Put it on," he told her.

She licked her lips.

"Hard and fast, right?" His voice rumbled, dark with lust and fury. "I'll give you what you need, sweetheart. But you'll remember it's me."

Lora took the hit. Using him. No, that's not what she'd been doing. Not really. She-

She tore open the condom and rolled it down his hard flesh. And squeezed, because she liked the way he sucked in his breath when she touched him. "I want you," she said. Stark. And not a lie. She'd ached for him since that kiss at the precinct.

The cream between her legs wasn't a lie. The tightness, the yearning in her sex was for him.

Not for the ghost who haunted her.

"Then you'll have me." He leaned over her and turned on the light that sat on her nightstand.

She flinched against the brightness, turning away.

"And you'll know it's me." Her gaze snapped back to him.

She could see him. All of him. Rippling muscles. Heavy cock. Strong thighs. All that power-hidden beneath the suit.

His hands caught her thighs again. His eyes lowered as he licked his lips. "Now let's f**king try this again."

Lora knew, he was going to-

He parted her folds, and he tasted.

Her breath choked out at the first touch of his mouth. Wet and warm.

Her fingers dug into the covers, and she closed her eyes.

"No, Lora." His breath blew against her flesh, and her eyes flew open.

"Watch me."

She shoved up onto her elbows. When her gaze met his, those gray eyes narrowed. "Good."

Every muscle in her body tightened when she felt the wet lick of his tongue. Right on her clit, stroking that tight nub and making her breath shudder out.

The need wound up inside her as her heart raced, and she lifted up against his mouth, because the man knew how to work his lips and tongue, oh, he knew.

Such pleasure.

Kenton eased back, just a little.

"Kent-"

Then his tongue drove into her sex. His name tore out on a moan. And she came. A hot explosion that rocked through her and she watched him, watched him lick and suck and taste her as she came.

Kent!

Even as her sex convulsed, he rose, swiping his tongue over his lips. His c**k pushed against the entrance of her sex, just nudging inside.

She kept watching him, and as his eyes held hers, he plunged inside.

It was a tight fit. He was big, and it had been a while for her. Lora's sex was swollen and sensitive from her climax.

He started to pull back. Probably to give her time to adjust to him.

Her legs rose, clenching around his hips. "Don't stop." An order. She wanted this. More pleasure. Him.

Demanding? Greedy? Yeah, that was her.

His lips curled. "Not a problem." He thrust into her and plunged deep. So deep.

The bed creaked while the lamp cast a soft light on them.

Thrust. Withdraw.

Thrust. Deeper. Harder.

Just what she wanted.

Lora's hands reached for him, wrapping tightly around his broad shoulders, her nails biting into the flesh. She arched her hips against him, driving up to meet him with her breath heaving and her heart racing.

Pleasure was so close. Her sex squeezed him, and she shivered at the rush of sensual sensation. The release was so close. She'd come again, a fierce blast that would make her vision dim, make her body quake and-

Make her forget.

"Say my name." His hands dug into her hips.

"Kent-wh-what-"

"Right." His c**k drove balls-deep into her.

Good, good, better than good, it was-

He rolled them over, a fast, hard roll across the bed.

She slammed her hands on his chest, shooting up, straddling him, and taking his c**k in even deeper.

Her knees dug into the mattress, and his fingers curled tight around her ass.

And that cock-so far inside her. Her sex flexed around him, clamping tight, already milking him.

"Fuck," he groaned out the word.

Yeah, that's exactly what they were doing.

She rose up and slammed down, taking control of the rhythm away from him. Up, down. Again, again.

His hips pistoned up to meet her. Powerful, hard thrusts that had her sex throbbing. Her body heating. And need tightening in her gut.

With her climax coming so close, her inner muscles began to convulse, and she-

Pleasure. It hit her. Slamming into her and stealing her breath. She saw his eyes and saw the flare of his pupils and the flush on his cheeks as he shuddered beneath her. His c**k swelled even more inside her, and Kenton growled her name.

She came, then he erupted with passion, lust, and sweet, hot release.

She'd needed this for so long.

Kent. He'd given her exactly what she needed.

And more.

Her mouth locked on his. She kissed him, but lighter and softer now. A press of her lips, open-mouthed, against his. A lick of her tongue. A moan that trembled in her throat, only to be swallowed by his lips.

Then she gazed at him. Her fingers smoothed over his chest. She stared at Kenton and didn't know what to say.

So she put her head down, leaning over his chest. Her ear pressed against his heart and she just stayed there.

Just for a moment.

The steady beat filled her ears. Fast at first, then deeper, steadier.

His arms came around her, and he held her close. "You can f**k me," he told her, his voice deep and gruff. "I'll give you all the pleasure you need, but I won't be a stand-in for the lover you lost."

Her eyes squeezed shut. It hadn't been like that. She hadn't wanted a body in the dark so she could pretend Carter was touching her. If she'd wanted that, hell, she could have gotten it months ago. Finding a new lover wasn't hard with all the eager cops and smoke eaters around.

But she knew that he'd sensed her hesitation when he'd first pressed his lips against her sex. She took a deep breath. It would be easier to be honest in the dark. Maybe that's why she kept her eyes closed. "I wasn't trying to screw a ghost. I just wanted you." But it had been hard, dammit, harder than she thought, to shove away the past.

Some memories didn't fade so easily.

His hands slid down her back. Warm hands, strong and solid. A man's hands. It felt good to have him hold her.

Not alone. Not now. It wouldn't last, nothing ever lasted, but-

His hands froze. "What the hell?"

Ah, how had she forgotten? This always came up, sooner or later.

Her eyes opened, and she pushed up, the better to stare down at him. "Scars, Kent. They're just scars." A line criss-crossed the base of her back. Old scars. Not like they hurt anymore. They were just a reminder.

Like she would have ever forgotten.

"What happened? Damn, it must have hurt like a bitch."

"Yeah, the kiss from fire can be a real bitch." He had that right. She forced a smile. She didn't want to talk about the past right then. "It was a long time ago. It doesn't matter now." Lying in the dark would have been much easier.

The thick ridges would always be there. Sure, she could probably do some kind of surgery to get them reduced. But why bother? What would be the point?

So she wasn't perfect. She never had been.

Lora gazed down at Kenton. No, she'd never been perfect.

"I see you," she told him. "Not Carter." She wanted to be completely clear. Not an old lover. Not memories. It was just them, and they had the rest of the night.

"But who do you see?" she asked him. Just because she'd been hurt once, that didn't make her a victim, no matter what some of her former lovers thought. She didn't want pity. Not a victim. Not just a woman chased by the flames.

His fingers were still on the base of her back, lightly tracing the scars. "I see the sexiest woman I've ever met."

Ah, now that sounded promising.

She lowered her head to hide her smile. "Good answer."

They were screwing. Through the binoculars, he stared at the light glowing in Lora Spade's bedroom and knew that the agent was f**king her.

Barely in town a few days, and Lora was already spreading her legs. What a f**king whore.

She'd played the fire widow, crying and shaking. But she'd given it up fast enough to the Bureau bastard.

Should have known. She was just like so many of the others on the inside.

Twisted. Wicked.

She'd learn. They'd all learn. And when he was done lighting up this town, no one would ever forget him.

Sweat beaded his brow as he stared at the window. He didn't make the mistake of getting too close to a scene, not when he was scouting. It never paid to have witnesses see you before a fire. Hell, he'd learned that with the Skofield kill. One slip. Now he always cased from a distance-the better to observe his target.

And Lora's lovely house, the house she was so damn proud of... he wanted to set that place on fire, to let the flames run loose.

Not yet.

The rage ate at him, but he pushed it back, knowing that he had to be careful. He had to plan his moves, wait for his attack.

He had to be sure that his prey would suffer. When he struck, that bastard Lake would die screaming.

And Lora-she'd watch. Just like before.

Because Lora liked to watch the flames.

Dance and burn.

CHAPTER Six

He awoke to the feel of silken hands on his cock. Teasing. Stroking. Working his length with a grip that was pure pleasure.

Either this was the best wet dream of his life or...

Kenton opened his eyes and found Lora beside him, her br**sts bare in the morning light, the pink ni**les tight. Her hands were on him, squeezing his c**k and pumping the flesh.

Better than a dream.

Her lips spread in a slow, sexy smile. "Thought that might get you up."

The bark of laughter came before he even thought about it. Oh, yeah, he was definitely up.

Her smile widened, even as her fingers tightened around the base of his shaft.

Sweet damn.

"Last night... seemed like you got to do the exploring." She crawled over him. Aw... fuck. Lora settled between his legs, arching her back a bit, showing those gorgeous lick-me br**sts.

Please, let her be talking about...

Her head lowered, and her breath blew over his cock. "You don't mind if I have my turn, do you?"

Was he an idiot? "Go..." Okay, that sounded like a rumble. Kenton cleared his throat and tried again. "Go right ahead."

Her tongue came out, small and pink, and she swiped over the tip of his erection. His hips rose off the bed.

"Easy." A taunt. "Trust me, you'll like this."

Oh, he bet he would.

That mouth-he'd wanted it on him from the first glance.

Made for sin.

Those lips-wide and soft and-

Her mouth closed around him. Kenton choked out her name. Then she started moving her head, taking him in deeper, sucking, and stroking.

Fuck. Fuck. Fuck. His heels dug into the mattress as his fingers fisted in the sheets. He wouldn't be able to take this. Not too long. His c**k was close to bursting now, and her mouth-that tongue-

She swallowed.

He jerked. "Lora!" More a roar this time.

But she kept working him. Her fingers curled around the base of his shaft, and she pumped in time with his thrusts in her mouth. Faster.

He glanced down and saw her mouth around him. Saw those eyes on his.

And nearly came right then.

No.

He grabbed her arms. "In... you." Speech was getting harder. Another minute or two, and he'd be lost.

She let him go with one last lick. Her br**sts bounced-damn they were fine-as she straddled him.

The wet heat of her sex licked against his shaft, and he wanted to thrust in, deep, and feel that hot flesh gripping him, as she convulsed with her release.

But he gritted his teeth and felt sweat bead his brow. "Condom." They'd used two last night. The only two that he'd brought with him. Kenton hadn't exactly been planning for three rounds. He'd just been hoping for the one.

What the hell was he gonna do? He needed to thrust more than he needed his next breath-

"Got it, stud." She lifted her hand. A condom nestled between her thumb and forefinger. "Went out while you were getting all that beauty sleep."

If he hadn't been so close to coming, he would have laughed. Instead, he snatched the condom from her.

Can't let her put it on. Not this time. I'll come in her hands if she does.

He tore open the packet with his teeth and heard her soft laughter.

Her eyes were on him. The light surrounded her and made her blond hair appear even lighter.

No shadows lurked today. No ghosts from the past put an icy wall between them.

He sheathed his cock. Gripped the length in his fist and guided his erection between her thighs.

She rose and then pushed down, nice and easy, and took him in, one slow inch at a time.

Hot. Tight. Squeezing...

He lifted up and licked her breast. He f**kin' loved her br**sts. Round and high with dark pink ni**les, and they tasted sweeter than candy.

Her knees pressed into the mattress as she rose again. Her rhythm came faster now. Harder.

He was learning that was the way Lora liked her sex. Since he was about five thrusts away from coming, the hard pace more than suited him.

But she'd come with him.

He pushed his hand between their bodies and found her clit. Working that nub with his thumb and fingers, he thrust, shoving deep because he liked it when she moaned in the back of her throat. Liked it when her mouth parted and her breath panted.

Lora shifted, lifting her body and keeping just the head of his c**k in her sex. Because she liked to torture him.

He pressed his thumb against her clit.

"Kent!"

Lora thrust down, hard, and when her eyes went wild, it was his turn to rise. He pushed her flat on her back and took the lead. Time to pound hard and fast and find that wild rush of pleasure.

Her legs clamped around him, and her heels dug into his back. The mattress squeaked. Her scent filled his nostrils. Raspberries.

Her sex spasmed, and he stopped thinking.

Just thrust. Deeper. Harder.

Soft skin. Sweet woman.

She bucked beneath him, her sex clenching around his cock, the contractions sending ripples along his length as she came.

He kissed her, stealing her breath and the whisper of his name.

As he thrust, the base of his spine tingled and his thighs shook.

Her hot flesh, trembling around him, sent Kenton over the edge. His tongue took hers as he came, pumping into her core, and pleasure lashed through him.

Hot. Wild. Lora.

The pleasure was so intense that his blood seemed to heat. His body shuddered as he came, and he could feel her. Everywhere.

Fucking incredible. His eyes wanted to roll back into his head, and he wanted to roar his release. He wanted to keep thrusting into her until neither of them could walk.

Sounded like one damn fine idea. But first, he had to be able to draw air into his starved lungs.

The waves of release began to ease. Slowly. So slowly. When he could breathe again, he put his forehead against hers. She wiggled beneath him, probably because he was crushing her, and he'd move-soon, really.

Her hand lifted to stroke his jaw, and her fingertips whispered over the stubble. Hell, he should have shaved. He'd probably marked her all over.

His c**k stirred inside her.

He forced his head to lift. Her cheeks were flushed a soft pink, her eyes glowing, that mouth smiling.

And he wanted her again.

Still in her, rising, swelling already. He'd come until he couldn't breathe, and he wanted her again.

He'd known the woman would be trouble from that first punch.

"Oh, no." Her hands came down against his shoulders and pushed.

Hell. He wanted another round. As many rounds as he could get.

But her hands pushed harder.

He drew in a breath, caught the scent of sex and Lora as he eased out of her body. Kenton missed her snug heat instantly.

"As much as I wish I could..." She leaned up and pressed her mouth over his lips.

Because she wanted him to beg, obviously. His hands clenched when her mouth lifted.

Lora shook her head. "I've got to go." She sounded regretful. "I'm on duty today. Twenty-four-hour shift at the station."

Right. Work. "Be careful." With that freak out there, anything could go down in the next twenty-four hours. Especially since Kenton knew the guy would be jonesing for some vengeance.

But not against her.

"I'm a big girl. I know how to take care of myself."

The scent of sex in the air just made the lust drumming in his veins all the harder to control. "I want more." More than the night they'd had.

Her smile dimmed, just a bit.

What the hell? A one-night stand? Is that really all she'd wanted from him-

"Okay." Soft, hesitant. Lora sure hadn't struck him as the hesitant type. "After my rotation ends, if you're done..."

Done chasing a killer. Done examining bodies and seeing hell.

"Come to me."

Like he had to be asked twice.

He kissed her.

Addictive.

Damn, he hadn't counted on her. Sure hadn't expected her to be in the middle of his case. But now that he had her, he wouldn't give her up.

Not yet.

"You're not going to like this," Monica told Kenton the minute he walked into their temporary office at the police station. Located next to the bullpen, the office was small, kind of cramped, but it gave them a bit of privacy away from eavesdropping cops.

He raised his brows. "What, about this case, have I liked so far?" He figured that there wasn't going to be a big change coming. The case was shit, no matter how you looked at it. Kenton glanced to the right. "Have fun tailing me last night?" he asked Ramirez.

The guy grinned, and his black gaze glinted. "Had fun seeing that sexy lady yank you in by your fancy suit."

Sexy lady. Kenton's eyes narrowed and a stab of jealousy sliced into his gut. "Watch it."

The grin didn't fade.

Kenton's back teeth clenched, and he gritted out, "Other than ogling Lora, did you see anything I need to know about last night?"

"Your girl's got great legs." A shrug. "And I didn't see a damn thing else. No one was checking out that area on foot, and there weren't any vehicles that didn't belong in the neighborhood."

"There might not have been any sign of him yet," Monica said, raising her voice. "But I'm thinking..." She shook her head. "He's not going to wait long after that broadcast. He'll hit fast, and he'll hit hard."

Lora was on duty. Kenton's heart rate kicked up. "We want him coming after me, not anyone else."

"Right." Monica's heels tapped on the floor as she paced the close confines of the space. "While he's planning his move, we need to hunt him. We need to figure out who he is-and where he is."

"How?" Ramirez crossed his arms over his chest and waited. The guy was good at waiting. He was also good at remaining freakishly still.

"We're going to talk to the arson investigator, Seth MacIntyre," Kenton said. He'd tried to get the guy before, but Seth had been out at a scene.

Monica's nails tapped the edge of the desk. "I want to see his files." Kenton knew Monica really meant that she wanted to rip apart his files.

"But first," Monica said, "and this is the part you're not going to like."

He held up his hand. "I already know." And he did. It was a simple matter of connecting the dots. "We're going to the Bringham station."

She nodded. "We need to interview every man and woman there."

Kenton's jaw tightened. Sometimes there were parts of the job that he damn well didn't like. "Lora's clear." He wanted to be definite on that. Yeah, they needed to question the firefighters, but Lora was clear. She'd been in his arms, her mouth soft and tempting against his, when that psycho had called in to the station.

"We don't know what we're dealing with here." Monica's nails stopped tapping. "Maybe it's not just one killer. Maybe it's two. Maybe that wasn't the real arsonist on the phone. Maybe it was some poor idiot that he hired to call-and we'll find his burnt corpse in a few days."

She shook her head. "One thing I learned long ago, assume nothing about the serials. They don't think like regular folks, so if you're going after them, you have to think like them."

Dammit, he knew that, too. The SSD had taught him to trust no one but the team.

"After the last case, we don't take anything or anyone for granted," Monica said. "We investigate all leads and, as much as you might not like it because of your, ah... situation-"

"Him screwing the hot female firefighter," Ramirez offered.

"Fuck off," Kenton fired back. Like Monica was in a position to judge a delicate "situation." "Ice" had hooked up with the new guy at the SSD just days after Luke Dante had joined the team. She could stop throwing those stones at his house any old time.

Her lips tightened. "We can't overlook any of the fire departments in this town. They have to be checked. Everyone has to be checked."

And wouldn't he be Mister Popular when he rolled in at the Bringham station. Lora was going to love this. "She called the SSD." This arsonist had killed her lover. No way would she be helping him. "She wouldn't-"

"I don't think she would. As I said last night, I believe our perp is a male."

Well, that was something.

"I think Lora's motive in all of this..." She wet her lips and cleared her throat, and his stare sharpened on her as she continued, "Lora Spade lost someone who was close to her. She views these attacks as being very, very personal. And I think-I think she'd do just about anything to bring down the killer."

"The lady's not just jonesing for you." Ramirez cocked a dark eyebrow. "She wants revenge."

"Tell me something I don't know." Kenton didn't blame her.

Not one bit.

"You know, don't you..." There was hesitation in Monica's voice. "She was the one who went back into the flames for him. The chief ordered an evacuation..." She walked around the desk. Picked up a folder and flipped through the contents. "But Lora went back inside and pulled Creed out. He was still alive, but not for long."

She'd gone back into the flames to save the guy.

Must have loved him one whole hell of a lot. Enough to face the flames. But then, a woman like Lora would love like that.

Fire and heat and passion.

Loved so much-she'd risked death. And now she hunted his killer.

And she'd thought about the guy last night.

Fuck.

He spun around. The office's blinds were up. He could see straight across to the bullpen, and he could see Carter Creed's grinning face.

The man who'd had Lora. All of her.

"I can come along. I'm great at backup," Ramirez said, his voice quiet.

"No," Monica's answer came immediately. "You need to get to bed. Kenton and I can handle this."

"But-"

"Don't worry, Ramirez. There are plenty of firefighters to go around. You can take the next station."

"Yes, ma'am."

Shit. Kenton knew the drill. Wasn't anything new. But-

But he didn't want Lora thinking he believed she was a suspect. He knew the woman was innocent. And when she found out he was interrogating her friends...

Hello, cold shoulder.

Pity, he sure liked things hot with her.

He yanked open the door. "Let's get this over with."

Because as much as it grated, he knew Monica was right. They had to do the interviews. You could tell a lot about a man-or a woman-when you had him locked down in an interview. Secrets came out then.

Some good.

Most bad.

And if the killer turned out to be a man on Lora's team...

Well, hell, what better place to hide than in plain sight?

Kenton wasn't sure what he'd expected, but walking into the firehouse on Bringham Boulevard to find Lora wrestling with some sweaty blond bastard really hadn't been part of the plan.

They rolled across the floor. Twisted. Lora came up on top and did a fast shimmy. The guy grabbed her shoulder, yanked her back-

And she flipped him, sending him flying on his stomach.

"Two minutes! Spade takes 'em down!" A guy wearing gym shorts and a sweat-soaked white T-shirt pumped his arms in the air. "Another one bites that firehouse dust, huh, Lora?"

She pushed up, grinning, and Kenton froze because he felt like she'd just punched him. Hard.

Then she blinked, and her gaze drifted to the right. To him. "Kent-what are you doing here?" Her lips parted, and she jumped off the sparring mat. "Has something happened? Did you find the bastard?"

"No." The booming answer didn't come from him. Or even from Monica, who stood like a shadow beside him. Frank Garrison stalked into the room. Garrison flatly announced, "They're here to talk to you all."

The exercise room got real quiet, real fast. The guy lifting weights froze. The woman running on the treadmill jumped off. All their eyes hit him.

"Talk to us?" Lora asked as she caught the towel one of the others tossed her, and then swiped it across her forehead. "Why?"

"Because the SSD thinks the killer knows a little too much about fire." Garrison pushed by Kenton. "So they're gonna be questioning everyone at all the stations in the city."

"I told you last night, the killer's a fire freak, not a firefighter." This came from the guy Lora had sent flying. Quint. Max Quint. He'd already started a file on the guy. A firefighter and paramedic. He'd transferred down from New York about two years ago.

"And I'm afraid we have to explore every possibility," Monica said, her voice carrying easily and hinting at just the softest southern drawl. "This is standard procedure in a case like this, and it's certainly not meant to make any of you here feel-"

"Like a suspect?" Lora offered, her fingers tightening around the towel. "Lady, we fight his fires. We lost a man to that bastard. He's not one of us." Rage had her voice shaking.

"Maybe," Monica offered, and Kenton saw the firefighters relax a bit, until she added, "Maybe not."

CHAPTER Seven

Lora's temples pounded as she stared at Kenton. He stood there, stiff and tall, but not quite meeting her eyes. After last night, after this morning, she sure hadn't expected this from him.

But he'd told her. So had Hyde.

They didn't trust her. But they were ready to use her.

"Some killers are very good at deception. They're good at showing folks exactly what they want them to see." Special Agent Davenport's gaze swept the room. "You look, and you don't see a man who has just torched a house and killed a woman. You don't see a guy who just burned a handicapped man to death. You see a friend. A coworker." Her shoulders lifted. "You don't see the killer until he comes after you."

Lora's hands fisted in the towel.

"Chief, come on, you can't let them-" Max began.

But Frank shook his bald head. "The conference room has been cleared. You guys are up." His finger stabbed at Max. "Quint, you're first."

Frank turned away.

"Garrison?"

Kenton's voice halted the chief. Frank glanced back.

"We're gonna need to talk with you, too."

Frank's jaw tightened, but he nodded.

Lora's jaw dropped. The chief? No damn way. Lora sucked in a breath and marched over to Kenton. He'd turned to speak to Monica, but Lora grabbed his arm. "Did you know about this?" she whispered, glaring up at him. "Last night, did you know?" Because if he'd come to her bed knowing he'd be raking her and her team over the coals today-I'll rip the guy a new one.

His head moved in a slow shake. "It's procedure."

"Fuck procedure." It was hard to talk when anger boiled in her gut. The others were filing out. Some muttering. "You really think I could have something to do with this?" Lora asked. To think Kenton believed that, after last night... "And the chief? Frank?" Not Frank. He'd been with her through too much. He'd never do something like this.

Lora shoved by Kenton. "Screw off, GQ."

He grabbed her, hands too tight, and spun her back around. "Lora, it's procedure," he gritted out. "I know you're clear, but the questions have to be asked, and they have to answered, for the record."

He knew she was clear. That was something, but what about Garrison?

"Ahem." The chief slammed one ham hand onto Kenton's shoulder. "Something I should know about here?"

"Yes, sir." Lora glanced his way. Not the chief. "I had sex with Agent Lake last night. Full disclosure."

"Lora-" Kenton's brows shot up. "What the hell-"

"Damn, Spade, I thought you had better taste." The chief released him and stalked out of the room. "Much better." He threw the words over his shoulder.

Lora bared her teeth at Kenton. "Me, too." Then she turned and marched right out after Garrison.

Max Quint slapped his palms down on the table. "Let's get this shit over with. What do you need? Alibis? Witnesses?" His bushy blond brows rose. "I was working with the team when Charlie Skofield died. I was here when the call came in, surrounded by a dozen men-and Lora. I didn't set that damn fire, I wouldn't hurt any of my-"

"Why did you become a firefighter?" Monica asked, pulling out a chair and sitting across from him. She had her files already stacked in front of her. That was Monica. Always calm and always organized.

Let's see what secrets you have.

Monica was good at finding secrets. And hiding her own.

"Huh?" Quint rocked back on the rear legs of the chair. "What's that got to do with anything?"

Monica smiled her harmless smile. The cold one. But then, she didn't really have a warm one. Not like Lora did-warm enough to singe a man. "Just answer the question."

He smiled back with a lot of teeth. "I'm an adrenaline junkie. What can I say?" He raised his hands and spread them wide. "I like the thrill of fighting fires."

Lie. Sure, Kenton knew some fire eaters did the job because they liked the rush, but Max was too cocky right then. The guy just seemed to be putting on a show for them and saying what he thought they wanted to hear.

Max winked. "And the women think I'm sexy as hell in my uniform." Max shot Kenton a glance from the corner of his eye. "Ask Lora. She'll tell you. The ladies can't get enough of me."

Kenton stared right back at him. Max didn't blink.

Monica flipped open her file. "Hmmm... an adrenaline junkie? It says here that both your father and grandfather were firefighters. Your dad-he died on the job." A pause. "Guess they liked the adrenaline, too."

"My dad was a damn good firefighter!" Max blasted.

Ah, now they were seeing some real emotion from the guy.

"You don't know how many lives he saved," Max snarled. "He didn't give a shit about-"

"Oh?" Her head tilted back. "He didn't care about the sex and the high from the fires? Not like you, huh?"

His fingers balled into fists.

"How old were you when he died?" Kenton asked, knowing it was time to slide his questions in and divide the guy's focus.

Max's head nodded toward the files. "She knows. Let her tell you."

"You were sixteen," Monica said.

Max's jaw worked. "My old man died a hero. A hero. He saved five people from that building on Kurtworth. He made a difference."

"He did," she agreed and closed the file. But then Monica reached for another. "But your grandfather... he was another matter, right?"

Max flinched but Monica kept talking. "He started those fires that he fought in New York, didn't he? The guy went to jail because he was a-what did you call it a few moments ago?"

"Fire freak," Kenton supplied, watching the guy closely.

"Right," Monica agreed.

Max's fists slammed into the table. "I'm nothing like him."

"Well..." Kenton crossed his arms over his chest and carefully studied the guy. "That's what we're here to find out." Time to cut through the lies.

The door slammed behind Max forty minutes later.

"Making friends left and right," Kenton muttered, rubbing the back of his neck.

"It's not about making friends." Monica straightened her files. "It's about saving lives."

Kenton heard raised voices from the hallway. A distinct "Piss off" came from Max. Exhaling heavily, Kenton said, "My gut tells me that's not our guy. His alibis are gonna check out, and he's got too much rage at his grandfather-too much hate for what he did. The last thing he wants is to walk in his footsteps."

"I think you're right." So she pushed his file away. "One down."

The stack of files was huge. It was going to be a long afternoon. He reached for the next file.

Frank Garrison. Yeah, this one wouldn't go easily. He rose and walked to the door. He twisted the knob.

Garrison was waiting for Kenton when he opened the door. One of Garrison's thick brows lifted. "My turn, Special Agent?"

After this much time in the business, Garrison should know the drill. Kenton nodded and stepped back to make room for the chief to enter.

Garrison took his time getting seated. He stretched out his legs and eased back in the chair, letting his arms hang loosely at his sides.

Kenton closed the door and went back to his seat. Monica already had Garrison's file open.

"I don't have any secrets," Garrison said, shrugging. "And I'm not the one you're looking at for these fires."

Everyone had secrets. Kenton's gaze held Garrison's. "You wanted Lora to bring in the SSD."

"Lora had a hunch. Her hunches are usually sound." The deep lines around Garrison's mouth tightened. "And I didn't want to run the risk of burying any more of my men."

Sounded like the truth. Garrison's gaze was steady and his voice was calm and easy. But Kenton didn't really think the guy was the calm and easy sort.

Monica's nail skimmed down the report. "You were the one who gave the order to evacuate at the Skofield scene." She glanced up at him. "Even though you knew one of your own team members was inside, you told the others to leave Carter behind."

Garrison's hands rose only to flatten on the table. Ah, now that relaxed pose was starting to vanish. "Staying in would have risked other lives. I had a job-I had to get them out of there."

"Lora didn't listen to your order, did she?" Kenton asked.

Garrison's breath rasped out. "I thought it was a damn miracle that she managed to get out alive."

"Shortly after that fire," Monica said, "you nearly left this station."

Kenton caught the slight narrowing of Garrison's eyes. "There were budget cuts."

"And you were almost forced into early retirement."

"Almost doesn't count." Garrison's smile held a hard edge. "I'm still here. No one's taking over my team."

Interesting. "Do you trust all the men and women here, Chief?" Kenton threw out the question, wondering about the response he'd get.

Garrison's eyes held his. "I trust them as much as you trust your own team."

Ah, good answer. No wonder Lora liked the guy so much.

"We're going to need to verify your whereabouts for the arsons."

"I was on vacation for the first fire, doing some fishing down in Biloxi." He shrugged. "For the others, I was here in town. I got to the scenes as fast as I could. Hell, I was on duty for the Skofield arson. I was right there when-" He broke off, swallowing, and he lowered his head.

The moments ticked by in silence before Garrison looked back up at them. "I don't got a wife. No kids. So I'm not going to have somebody who can step right up and tell you where I was when these damn fires were set." He leaned toward the table, his body tense. "For thirty years, this job has been my life. The fire has taken me down, but it's never beat me. I stay here, every day, because this is where I belong. The people here-my team-they're my family."

So the station was his life, and he'd almost been kicked out of his only home. Sure would be cause enough to piss off most people.

Garrison stood, and his hands shook a bit. "I'm not the damn arsonist. I wouldn't put my people at risk. I'd f**king never do that."

"Perhaps you're not putting them at risk," Kenton spoke slowly. He could see the pulse racing just beneath the skin on Garrison's throat. "I mean, if the firefighters were good enough, they'd save the victims and escape without injury. Maybe it's not about hurting them. Maybe it's about testing them."

Monica leaned forward. "Are they failing your test?"

"They're my team! I wouldn't, I-"

"Since the arsons started in your area, there has been no more talk of budget cuts, right?" Kenton saw the chief's face redden when he asked the question.

"Folks just realized they needed us," Garrison snapped out the words.

"Guess they just needed a little fire to remind them," Monica said, her voice quiet.

Two hours later, Kenton and Monica had worked their way through most of the firefighters at the Bringham station. They'd gotten some answers, some suspicions, and a lot of angry door slamming.

"Why don't you... ah... let me handle the next one alone?" she asked.

Christ. He'd wondered when they'd get to her. "Lora?"

A nod.

Kenton stalked across the room and yanked open the door. "No, I can do my damn job." The hallway was clear now as he marched forward, rounded the corner, and nearly collided with Max. "I need Lora."

Max's blue eyes narrowed. "I'm not a killer."

"Neither am I." Lora's voice. She stepped into the hallway. "But I guess I'm up, huh?"

She'd changed and put on a light blue T-shirt with a firefighter's logo on the right pocket. She wore a pair of slim black pants, pants that hugged her thighs. He averted his gaze. "Just a few questions..."

"Right." She brushed past him. "And when will you guys go after the real killer?"

Ah, hit. The woman was good at taking her shots. If he didn't watch it, he'd be as bruised as Max.

Luke followed her into the room and shut the door with a soft click.

"This is cozy," Lora murmured and eyed the files. "Let me guess, my whole life is in one of them, right?" She glanced his way. "Know all my dirty secrets, yet?"

His lips pressed together.

Lora used her foot to yank out a chair, and she sat down, crossing her arms over her chest.

Oh, yeah. That cold shoulder was frigid. Sometimes doing his job could be a real bitch.

"So..." Lora drawled, "is this where you ask me where I was when the fires started? Because I can tell you that, easy. I was working, right here at the station, when those calls came in. Well, except for the fire that took that last poor bastard at the drug house on Byron, and the chief can back me up-"

"I'm sure he can." Monica's fingers hovered over the file, and she shot a quick glance his way. What? Did the woman really think he was going to cut out?

No way. He crossed his arms and stared down at them from his position near the table. Lora might be pissed as hell at him, but he wasn't leaving her.

They'd both suffer through it.

Monica cleared her throat with a delicate little cough. "Have you observed any unusual behavior here at the station? Any guys seem preoccupied? Maybe depressed?"

Her eyes narrowed. "What?"

"You're not the killer." Absolute certainty from Monica. "Kenton and I both know it. He said it before we even came down here, before I even got..." Her nails tapped on the manila folder. "Your file."

Lora's gaze jumped back to him. "Good to know, GQ."

Hadn't he told her that already? He stepped forward.

"But I'm thinking you're a real observant woman, Ms. Spade." Monica gave her a smile. "I'm observant, too. I notice things about people. It's what I'm good at."

"Good for you."

Kenton coughed, his not quite as delicate-sounding as Monica's.

Another tap against the file. "I noticed right away that this case was very personal for you. You want revenge." Monica paused. "You don't just want the killer stopped, do you? You want him to pay."

"Innocent people died." Lora gave a little shrug. "Payback can be a painful bitch. Just the way life is."

"Since you want him stopped so badly, I know you'll help us in any way you can with the investigation." Monica was very smooth.

"I have been helping. I stopped waiting on Seth to dick around with these fires. I got your asses down here. I took GQ to the crime scenes-"

"And now you'll tell us what you've seen, right? Tell us if you've observed anything odd from the guys in the station? Because that would really help, Lora. It would help a lot."

Lora's eyes couldn't narrow much more. "I do love to be a helper."

Kenton grabbed a chair, flipped it around, straddled it and locked her in his sights. "I'm an ass**le."

Couldn't get much blunter than that.

"Kenton..." Monica began, her finger no longer tapping.

"Yes, you are." Lora assured him at the same moment. Ah, so much fire there.

He smiled. "But I'm good at my job. And you're pissed, I know you're pissed, but I also know that you understand what we're doing. You don't like us being here, questioning your friends, but you know we have to do it. You wanted us to investigate this perp, and that's what we're doing. We're following all the leads, even the ones that might make you uncomfortable."

Oh, but when this day was over, he damn well hoped that she'd let him back into her good graces. And into her bed.

She exhaled, and her shoulders relaxed a bit. The routine might piss her off, but she understood the way cases were worked. "You could have tried asking us to all give statements. Not telling us that we had to come in here for a grilling."

He held her gaze. Earlier, he'd been afraid to meet that stare. Too nervous-so much for being the big, bad agent-about what he'd see. Because he liked to see need in Lora's gaze. Lust. Interest.

Not anger. Not coming at him.

"I'm not real big on finesse."

"Bullshit." Lora's lips twisted. "You're fine at finesse. Better than fine. You're trying to finesse me now. You're a manipulator, GQ. You do whatever you have to do in order to get what you want."

True. "I want to catch the killer. Same as you." He was about to get singed by that anger.

"Dammit, I-I know." Lora's gaze darted between him and Monica. "But your techniques are shit, got me?"

Loud and clear.

"It's not my guys, or Amanda," she said, and he knew she was talking about the other woman he'd seen in the workout room. "Look, Rick's depressed-his wife left him and took the kids. Max is pissed. He's just as angry as I am-and trust me, I've got a whole lot of anger-because he buried his friend. We're all upset, all hurting because of what happened to Carter."

"Is there any guy that's a loner? Anyone who doesn't join in-"

"Yeah, me. Hell, even the newbie, Wade, is friendlier than me. Ask anyone."

"Wade Copeland." Monica gave a nod. "That'd be the probationary firefighter, hired-"

"A few weeks back. Chief can tell you." The scratch on her cheek was better today. He hadn't even thought about any bruises or scratches last night.

Though he was pretty sure she'd given him a few.

"So this is the deal? You're pressing us all, getting us to spill station gossip so you can see which suspect shakes loose?" Lora's brows climbed. "And here I was thinking an interrogation from the SSD would be trickier."

"Not everyone gets the same questions," Monica murmured. "And trust me, sometimes the questions get much harder."

And Kenton was struck by the two women. Complete opposites, not just physically.

Monica-pretty and poised, with dark hair, an almost perfect black. Calm, controlled, with icy blue eyes.

Lora-sexy but tense, with short, thick blond hair, wild. With those golden eyes that could scorch a man if he wasn't careful.

Kenton was trying really hard to be careful.

Monica offered Lora a faint smile as she asked, "How long have you known Frank Garrison?"

Lora's whole body tensed. "Almost twenty years. And believe me, you're way off base with him. Garrison is not the one you-"

"He was almost pushed into early retirement earlier this year, wasn't he?" Kenton asked.

Lora slanted those golden eyes his way. "There were cutbacks, but luckily the brass realized that we couldn't afford to lose someone like him."

"I bet Garrison didn't like the idea that he'd be pushed out of his station," Monica murmured.

"No." Clipped. "He didn't like it all." One brow lifted. "And I'm sure he told you just that very fact when you interviewed him. Garrison doesn't believe in bullshitting."

Lora's gaze centered on Monica. "I think I was wrong," she told Monica, studying the other woman carefully. "I think you know just how to lead your suspects, how to press buttons, and how to get right under the skin."

Monica stared right back at her. "Tell me, Lora, why did you become a firefighter?"

Lora's hands flew across the table, and she snatched the file away from the agent in a blink. "Isn't that in here? Isn't everything in here?"

Yeah, it was.

Lora's voice stayed low and hot as she fired back, "Isn't this little talk more about you watching us, observing, seeing our reactions up close and personal so you can decide who might be the weak link here? Who just might be verging on the edge of crazy?"

Monica didn't make a grab for the file but just watched Lora. "That's exactly what I'm doing. Tell me, have you danced with crazy lately?"

Kenton tensed. What the-

Lora laughed and tossed the file onto the tabletop. "Every single night. That's what happens when you pull someone you love from the fire, and you watch them die. When you can't do a thing but watch."

Monica's face went blank.

Lora inched in closer. "What about you, Special Agent Davenport? Have you 'danced' real close with crazy?" she whispered. " 'Cause something tells me that you've done it more than me."

Holy shit-Monica flinched.

Lora shoved away from the table. "I'm done here."

And he watched the fine sway of her ass as Lora stormed out.

Silence. Then Monica turned to stare at him. "Better be careful with her," she said with a bit of admiration. "That's a lot of fury there."

"You know she's torn up about Carter." Kenton kept his voice even with an effort. It had been six months, but the rage still burned bright for Lora.

He might be getting her body, but it looked as if Lora's heart belonged to a dead man.

Monica shook her head. "I don't think she was talking about Carter." She lifted the file. "The SSD's report came in on Lora and all the firefighters at this station." Monica gave a little shrug. "The killer is targeting them for a reason, you know. This city, these firefighters, this station... there's a link, somewhere."

He knew it. The perp had a target zone for his kills-a zone that wrapped all the fires up and had them locked to station eleven on Bringham Boulevard.

Kenton stared at the file. He'd read a preliminary file on Lora before, but not the newest data from the SSD. His fingers flexed, and he remembered touching smooth skin. Soft, like satin.

Smooth skin, then-

The rough line of scars that ripped across the base of her spine.

Blue eyes stared back at him. "What do you know?" Monica asked.

He exhaled on a long sigh. "She was hurt. A long time ago, probably in a fire." This hadn't been in the first report, but he'd learned that secret in the darkness.

"Yes, she was thirteen."

So young. Hard to imagine Lora young like that.

Before the fire.

"The flames spread at her house, too fast. She was hurt. Her brother-the fire caught him, burned over 60 percent of his body. The doctors didn't think he'd make it, and her dad, well, he only lived a few seconds after getting pulled out of the house. He died right in front of her."

And all you can do is watch.

Sonofabitch.

He spun away and yanked open the door. "Lora!"

CHAPTER Eight

Lora, wait!" Kenton grabbed her hand and spun her around. "Lora, dammit, I-I'm sorry."

Her brows shot up. "Sorry for being an ass?"

"Sorry you had to come in there." A muscle flexed along his jaw. "Look, it sucks, okay? The situation is shit."

Agreed.

His voice lowered. "But Lora, the evidence is pointing to a firefighter, and we have to follow that trail."

She shook her head. "I don't-"

"You know the guy has insider knowledge."

Yes, dammit. Those fires had been too perfect.

"He uses different accelerants," Kenton continued, "and the fires all have different points of origin." He shook his head."Most arsonists have a pet accelerant and they stick to a standard point of origin." He paused. "That's not the case with this guy, and the fact that he knows how to successfully use so many accelerants in so many different locations..."

Kenton didn't have to finish. She knew where he was headed. A firefighter would have knowledge like that. Any firefighter could walk into a house and immediately find the weak spots-those places that would burn so well.

Just like the arsonist was doing.

She swallowed the denial that wanted to rise in her throat. Hell, he was right and that part hurt her the most.

"It's not personal," he told her. "We're doing our jobs."

And his job had brought Kenton to her station to interview her and her friends. To dig into their pasts. Lora blew out a hard breath. "You know, don't you? You investigated us all, and you know about me." He'd already felt her scars, he'd touched them last night, so there was no reason for her to be feeling so-

Exposed.

Vulnerable.

No reason, but she did. And those feelings had driven her right out of that conference room. Why couldn't she be more like Davenport? Why couldn't she have more control?

Rick and Wade rounded the corner and nearly slammed right into them. "Hell." Kenton shoved a hand through his perfect hair. "Where can we talk, alone?"

The guy didn't get it. There were always eyes and ears at this place. But she took his hand and elbowed past them as she led Kenton up the narrow stairs, then to the right. To the room that had been reserved for her and Amanda.

He slammed the door shut behind them.

"Fine, we're alone-" She turned back toward him, aware that her voice was shaking just a little. All my secrets. "Now you can-"

He grabbed her and kissed her and drove his tongue deep into her mouth like he had some kind of right to her.

Her nails bit into his arms. Her ni**les tightened because, ah, damn, she might be pissed, but she still wanted him.

Last night was not enough. More like just an appetizer, and she was ready for the main course.

Kenton's hands curled over her ass, and he pulled her up against his cock.

Full, thick and ready with lust, hunger, and need.

Not pity. Even though he had to know...

Her hands flattened over his muscled chest, and she shoved back. Her breath panted out, mixing with his.

"You know." She didn't make it a question because she was sure all the facts about her life were in that thin little manila file. All typed up, nice and neat, ready to see.

He didn't let her go. His hands stayed locked on her ass, and that erection-it was all she could do not to arch against him. "I know about the fire when you were thirteen, if that's what you're asking about."

Her chin lifted. "Let me go." She couldn't talk to him like this. Too close. His body too hot.

"This isn't over." It came out as a snarl. "We're not."

She blinked. "Uh, run that by me again?"

"You might be pissed, you might want to kick my ass out of the station, but that's business. The case."

The doorknob rattled. "Lora?" Amanda called. "You in there? The knob's jammed-"

"Busy!" Kenton yelled.

Silence, and then they heard the quick thud of retreating footsteps.

Ah, great, now Amanda would think they were screwing, and Amanda had one big mouth.

Screwing at the station. Yeah, that was the gossip she wanted floating around her team.

Having sex with the agent on her own time, that was one thing. She'd take the ribbing from that, but at the station...

A dull throb began in her right temple.

"Maybe you wanted a screw to make you forget."

His flat words had her chin lifting.

"Maybe you wanted to remind yourself that you are alive, even if he's not."

Okay, now he was getting damn personal. "Watch it, GQ." She yanked away from him and paced in front of the window. "You don't know what the hell you're talking about."

"Really? I think I do. I think I'm learning a whole lot about you."

She wouldn't look at him. "I'll keep working the case with you. You know I want to catch this bastard." But the perp's not here. Not at my station. Not on my team. She'd know.

"I want more than that." The floor squeaked beneath him, and she knew he was stalking her.

She stopped moving. "I don't have a lot to give right now." True. He didn't understand. Sex-that was all. Inside, she was too hollow.

I don't want to hurt again. It was too easy to care, then it hurt too much when you lost the one you cared for.

He was right behind her now. She could feel him.

"You're not the only one who's lost someone."

Her eyes stayed on the ground outside the window. Max was leaving, heading out, probably on a grocery run.

Kenton stood behind her, not touching her, but standing close, warm and strong. "When I was ten," his voice rumbled, "a drunk driver hit me and my mom. We were driving home, on the way from soccer practice."

She looked back at him. Had to. "I-I'm sorry."

His eyes gazed at her, but she had a feeling the guy saw the past. "He hit the side of our car and slammed into her. For the longest time, I could hear the sound of that metal, crunching around us... and her crying. She cried a lot." He swallowed. "Cried so much, because she didn't die, not right away."

Oh, God.

She whirled to face him. "Kent..."

"I couldn't get to her. I was pinned in the back." Cold and flat. She knew that voice. She'd used that voice before. "And that bastard-he ran and left us there."

Lora could only shake her head.

"She kept telling me that everything was going to be all right. Not to worry. It'll be all right."

Lora's brother had told her that, too. He'd been wrong.

"But I knew. I could smell her blood. See it on the broken windshield. I knew. And all I could do was sit there and wait for her to die."

Lora's eyes closed.

"By the time someone else came along that stretch of road, she wasn't talking anymore."

"Kenton..." Her eyes opened. "I'm sorry, you don't have to tell me-"

"I do." His eyes glittered with fury and pain. "You're not the only one who's lost. You're not the only one who sat there when death came, and you couldn't do anything."

She wanted to reach out and touch him. He was right there, so close, and-

He's just like me.

Twisted by the past.

"What..." She stopped and cleared her throat. "What happened to that driver?"

"He went to prison. Vehicular manslaughter. Got five f**king years."

Five years didn't seem so long when balanced with a life.

"Six months after he got out, he hit a big rig, head-on. Bastard died at the scene."

Was that justice? She wasn't sure. These days, she didn't have any idea what real justice was anymore.

"My dad never got over her death. Hell, for years it seemed like he could barely look at me. He shut himself off, all but crawled into the grave with her."

Jesus. At least she hadn't been alone after she lost her dad. With her brothers, she was never alone.

"Your mom-what happened to her-is that why you joined the SSD?" She'd asked before and he'd said... Because someone has to. She'd known that wasn't the real answer then.

Now she knew the truth.

"It's why I became a cop. But after a few years on the force, I worked a series of homicides where the perp took his time killing kids-little girls." A muscle flexed in his jaw. "That's when I realized there were bastards out there a hell of a lot worse than the drunk ass**le who'd taken my mother's life. I knew what we were really up against, what was out there, waiting in the shadows." A shrug. "And I decided to join the Bureau." He caught her hand and stroked his thumb over the back of her palm.

Lora drew in a deep breath. "I became a firefighter because I wanted to stop folks from winding up like me." Her home gone. Her father dead. And her brother hooked to a thousand machines with each breath agony.

"You know my past," he said gruffly, and his long, strong fingers tightened around hers. "I know yours. Is that fair enough for you?"

"That why you told me?" She wet her lips with a quick swipe of her tongue. "So we'd be 'fair'?"

"I told you because you had a right to know."

"Kent-"

"I want to be with you, Lora. In your bed. Fuck, I want you naked now. I want you. I'm not walking away. Not from this case, and not from you."

And she wasn't either. The case would only end for her when the killer was caught, no matter what skeletons the SSD pulled from her closet.

She'd known the investigation would get rough. She was ready for whatever bumps came.

As for Kenton...

His left hand rose and cupped her jaw. "I want more," he said, his voice so deep and dark that an ache lodged in her chest.

Because she wanted more, too.

It was dangerous. So dangerous...

"So do I," she whispered.

As his lips took hers and stole her breath, Lora knew that she'd have him again. Wild and hard and strong.

She'd have him. And he'd have her.

"P-please... m-man... I-I did what you wanted..."

He took a long gulp from the tequila bottle in his hand.

"I-I want the fire... Man, I need it..."

He glanced at the kid-big eyes and a sweaty forehead, with a voice that kept trembling and breaking. The kid was rocking back and forth, his body shaking, a lighter in his hands.

A smile curved his lips as he watched Michael Randall. Poor Mike. He was jonesing bad.

Another gulp as the kid's Adam's apple bobbed.

"You know what you've got to do?" It was a risk, using Mike. He knew it. But using Mike had been his only option. And even then, he'd known the guy would have to die the minute he made the call. He'd given Mike the distorter and told him what to say. So easy.

He leaned toward the kid. A white, puckered scar ran the length of the boy's right cheek. "You like the fire, don't you, Mike?"

Mike's gaze darted to the back, sliding to the bottles of booze his mom kept lining the walls of her kitchen. The lady didn't even bother to hide her habit. She hadn't bothered in years.

Now she was passed out in the bedroom. Always was this time of day.

He tipped the bottle up and poured the tequila on the floor. "You set the last fire with mama's booze, didn't you?"

Mike liked the fire. Liked it so much he'd caught a twelve-year-old neighbor in the blaze. The girl hadn't made it out, but Mike had.

He knew Mike's secrets. He knew how the guy longed to watch the fire. How he wanted to touch the flames.

He knew everything.

"I did wh-what you wanted-"

"You did good, Mike, real good."

A smile curved the kid's thick lips. "You-you'll take care of her for me?"

They'd made a trade. A fair agreement, really. He gave a nod. "She'll go first. Don't worry." A life for a life. Because for this next trap, he would need very special bait.

He understood Mike. Mike wouldn't betray him. He wouldn't betray Mike.

They'd both get what they wanted from the flames.

He turned away from Mike and strolled down the hallway. The place reeked of stale cigarette smoke and cheap perfume. With a flick of his hand, he shoved open the bedroom door. The mother was there, with her arms thrown out, her skirt hiked up, her face smashed into the covers.

Still dead to the world.

Well, she would be soon enough.

She didn't stir when he poured the tequila on her. Didn't move when he soaked the sheets.

He reached for her cigarettes and lighter, shaking his head. So dangerous for her to keep them this close. Very, very dangerous.

He lit a cigarette, took a long pull, and let the nicotine fill his lungs. Not really his addiction of choice. Then he put the cigarette into her hand and positioned her fingers right above the tequila-soaked sheets.

Easy.

But just in case... and because he wanted the fire to burn fast...

He reached for one of the fat candles that sat on her dresser. The candles she used to hide the stink of her alcohol and cigarettes. A flick of his lighter and the candle was lit.

He put it on her right side and punched up the sheet next to it. Ah, there was a little tequila left.

A quick pour.

Not anymore.

The candle flame flickered, then flared higher. Ash dropped from the cigarette, burning bright orange.

He watched a few moments, waiting, waiting...

The smoke came first, pluming up into the air, light gray. Then the flames flared to life.

And the bitch didn't stir. Those eyes wouldn't open again.

His heart raced, and his breath came faster and harder.

The fire was so damn beautiful. Dancing, higher, higher...

He backed up to watch a little more-had to watch-before he turned away and hurried back into the living room.

There. He snatched up the cell phone on the coffee table. Couldn't very well leave that behind.

Besides, he'd paid for it. That one and the other half-dozen disposable cells that he kept handy.

Mike had more bottles off the shelves: whiskey, cheap wine, gin. He was pouring them on the floor, swinging them in wide circles and letting the alcohol fly out.

He steered clear of Mike and headed for the door. The flames would travel fast. He knew better than to stay too long.

It was the kid's show now.

"I'm gonna rise!" Mike's high-pitched voice stopped him. He glanced back, his hand hovering over the doorknob.

"Rise from the flames!" Mike shouted.

His lips lifted in a smile. "Yes, you will."

Mike's blue eyes were so bright. That grin-so happy.

The last thing he saw was Mike, swinging those bottles, pouring the alcohol all over his mother's house.

The door closed behind him with a soft click.

Outside, he inhaled as he tugged down his cap, taking in a quick gasp of air, already tasting the smoke.

He hurried away from the house and waited until he was safely in his car. Then he made the call.

"911. What is the nature of your emergency?"

Leaning forward, he glanced out of the window. The houses on this street were crammed pretty close. A fire in this neighborhood could spread fast. If the firefighters didn't hurry, that nice Ms. Jenny Sue, the elderly widow who lived right next door to the Randalls, would get too hot.

He reached into his glove compartment and pulled out the small black box he kept handy. He'd bought the damn thing online. It worked so well. He pressed the black button on the side. "Tell the smoke eaters they'd better hurry," he muttered into the distorter. "They've got a body burning at 408 Millway, and the houses over here, they're so close... those flames... they'll take out the whole street if they don't move their asses."

"Sir-sir, I need your name. Sir, sir, who are-"

"Tell 'em Phoenix said to f**k off-and that this one's for the Bureau bastards." Just a little taste.

They'd get the full show later when he brought hell right to their doors.

To that ass**le Agent Lake's door. When the fire came calling, he'd break. Beg and break.

He hung up the phone. He'd ditch the cell and switch to another for the next call.

So easy. He shoved the distorter back into the glove box and risked one more glance at the house. Ah, he could see the smoke now. Black and rising.

His fingers twisted as he cranked the truck. The truck had to be gone before the fire engines came.

How long would it take them? And how many would die when they went in?

He couldn't wait to see.

Burn, bitch. Burn.

What the hell did I just do?

Kenton stared down into Lora's eyes, his heart slamming into his chest. He'd f**king bared his soul to her. He never talked about his mom or that shit-forsaken night.

But he'd told her.

Because he'd wanted her to know that he understood what it was like to have death all around you. That cold air whispering over your skin when you couldn't do a thing to stop it. Coming closer, closer...

The station's alarm rang, the shrill cry echoing through the building. Lora jerked back. "I've got to go!" She pulled out of his arms and rushed past him as she sprang for the door.

But he was right on her heels.

When they hit the hall downstairs, they slammed into a swarm of uniforms. Lora shoved past the throng. He saw her grab her thick coat and her helmet.

The alarm was still ringing. Kenton spun around and came face to face with Monica.

"Is it our guy?" Her voice was quiet and calm, but it cut through the noise and for an instant, everyone froze.

Kenton glanced back and saw the dispatch clerk rise slowly. "A victim is trapped inside, and the cops are on their way-"

Trapped victim. Could be their arsonist playing another game. Could just be a terrible fire.

The firefighters were scrambling for the truck. Kenton turned, searching for Garrison, but he saw no sign of the chief.

He grabbed Monica's arm. "Come on." No way was he gonna let Lora out of his sight. "If it is him, that bastard will be there, watching."

Monica ran with Kenton down the hall. Kenton saw Lora climb onto the fire truck. She looked back at him, her thick coat shielding her body.

His mouth dried.

The fire engine raced out with a scream of sirens.

"Lora!" Dammit, he should have told her. He should have said-

Be safe.

The firefighters walked into hell. Greedy flames, orange and red, were shooting for the ceiling, dancing and rolling.

"Preliminary sweep," the chief's voice thundered in her ear through the crystal-clear radio connection. Garrison had met them on the scene. He'd arrived in his gray county pickup, and she'd been damn glad to see him when she jumped off the engine.

Lora motioned with her right hand. Wade was by her side. Shit, those flames were high, moving fast, if there really was anyone inside-

Rick kicked open a door to the left, and smoke billowed out. Fire. So much fire.

She glanced down at the floor-a wooden floor. In the den, the fire hadn't spread too far yet, but that wood, it looked darker in spots, stained...

Wet.

Her eyes swept around the room, following the marks as the stain made a big circle. The flames were all near the walls in here now, but, oh, Christ, she knew-

Wade marched down the narrow hallway. He kicked open a door, just as Rick had done, but she hadn't seen him check the door. Rick had checked, tested first, you had to check before-

"Back!" She screamed into her radio.

Fire didn't burst from the room. She'd expected flames.

She got a man. A man running out, right at Wade. No, not a man-a boy, laughing and screaming in the smoke.

Wade slipped and hit the floor. The bastard jumped over him, still laughing and screaming. Then he ran straight for her.

Lora stumbled back.

The boy stopped with his arms raised. Lighters. He had lighters in both hands, and he was soaking wet.

The flames from the walls had moved in. They hit the wet lines on the floor.

Shit, no! "Out! Pull out!" she yelled. Wade was still on the floor, but shoving up to his feet

Rick turned, then jumped forward.

The kid-that bastard-his eyes met hers, and he smiled.

I-I know him.

He smiled when he flicked those lighters-the flames danced-

And he set himself on fire.

Oh, God.

Then the kid ran right at Wade, slamming into the firefighter. They crashed through the wall, and the flames erupted.

Kenton stood at the edge of the fire line, staying just past the perimeter that had been established by Garrison's team. He watched that dark door, unable to tear his gaze away from the flames and smoke.

Come out, Lora. Get your ass out.

"What? What?" Garrison shook his radio as he snarled into it. "Fuck, answer me!"

Screw the line. Kenton ran toward him. "What's going on? How long should this take before-"

"Did you hear?" Detective Malone jumped in front of him. "That bastard called. He said this one was for you."

"What the hell are you talking about?" Kenton grabbed the detective's shirt and hauled him close. "What call?"

Malone's blue eyes narrowed. "Phoenix called in the fire. Same f**king MO. Said for us all to 'fuck off.' " His eyes shot to the side. To Davenport, who watched the madness of the flames in silence. "And he said that this one was for the Bureau bastards."

"Get out! Get out!" Garrison screamed. "Get-"

Kenton looked back at the house-and the world exploded.

Lora dragged him out. She kept her grip strong and certain even though she wanted to stumble. The flames blazed around her, close enough to touch, as she dragged him.

Shadows moved in front of her. Her eyes were foggy. The fog could be from the sweat. Maybe the blood.

Lora didn't glance down. She didn't want to see...

She stumbled onto the porch and fell hard. Other hands were there, reaching for her. And that voice was still in her ear. Screaming for her to get out.

Her hands slapped against the old wood as she tried to crawl forward.

"Lora!" Another voice. She looked up and crawled some more.

"Get her, get her now!" Frank. That was Frank screaming in her ear.

"Shit, Spade, what the hell happened?" Gloved fingers lifted her and took her away from the burning house.

The mask was pulled off her head. She sucked in fresh air and swiped at her eyes. Oh, Christ, what about-"Rick?"

"We got him." Max stared down at her, face tight, eyes fierce. "He came out right before you." He lifted her and pushed her onto a gurney. Another mask came at her. "Breathe, Spade."

"Lora!" Kenton's voice. Her head turned, and she could see him now as Kenton shoved cops aside and raced toward her.

Her hands trembled. She sucked in air, good, clean air.

"Sweetheart, what the f**k?" He was there, right behind Max. Kenton lifted his hands as if he'd touch her, and she really wanted him to touch her. To hold her and stop the ache in her heart because she knew that they'd lost a man.

She lowered the mask and glanced back at Max. "W-Wade?" She hadn't let him go. He'd been heavy with all that gear, and those flames, but she'd held on, just like before. Just like...

Max's lips trembled. His hands clenched, and his eyes darted to the ambulance on the right. The one that was shooting out of the lot and down the road as its siren shrieked. "H-he's... bad, Lora, I-I don't-"

Her eyes darted away. Tears trickled down her cheeks. From the wind, from the smoke, the fire. From the f**king pain cutting her apart.

Just like before.

More firefighters were attacking the house with long hoses, blasting water.

Such a good trap this time. With the perfect bait.

"Are you hurt, sweetheart?" Kenton's voice.

She shook her head. That boy hadn't gone after her. She'd been too close to the door. The flames had streaked across the floor, he'd lit himself-then launched right at Wade. Wade. He'd been forced to head for the boy. The kid had blocked his path so there was no other way out.

"Spade!" Frank charged toward her with red cheeks and wild eyes. "What the hell happened? What the hell-"

"That f**king pyro, Mike Randall!"

She blinked, turned her head, and saw Rick beside her. He'd pulled off his oxygen mask. "Saw him-when the-" He broke off, coughing hard. "F-fuck did he get back out?"

Mike Randall. The kid's face flashed before her. That smile...

She knew she'd seen it before. The boy's life-his file-clicked before her.

Michael Randall. Age sixteen. Of course, she'd known that smile. He'd given her that same smile two years ago, when she dragged him out of the flames. This time, she hadn't been able to pull him out.

He hadn't wanted freedom. Just death.

And to take her man with him.

"S-set himself on fire." Her voice came out rusty. The suit felt heavy. But she was cold. So cold.

Kenton watched her, his hands clenched into fists.

Touch me.

She needed him right then. So half the fire department was right there, crowding around. Screw them.

Touch me.

Her eyes held his, and Kenton stepped forward.

"That pyro brat? When the hell did he get out?" Frank roared. "Malone, shit, you're supposed to tell us when those bastards get loose!"

Peter was there, too?

Everyone was there, watching.

She raised her chin, and her gaze shot across the field. Bystanders, dozens of them, stared up at the flames. Police cruisers littered the road. Two fire trucks still had their lights flashing, and even as she stared, a news crew filmed her. "Watching," she whispered.

Kenton shoved Max out of his way and reached for her hand. He eased off her glove and touched her skin.

She flinched.

"Are you sure you're all right?" His voice was hard, tight with fury, but his touch was light and gentle.

Lora nodded, but no, she wasn't all right. Because Wade-

"A trap, sir." More coughing from Rick. Blood trickled down his cheek. "The place was laced with accelerant. He waited... w-waited for us to come in..."

"Then he ignited himself." Her voice was stronger now, but she felt like she was about to break into a thousand pieces. "He set himself on fire."

And tried to take them all to hell with him.

"This wasn't Phoenix." Rick was adamant. "This was that sick-ass kid that we told you needed to get some help, Malone."

"He got help!" Peter's voice thundered back, but was she the only one that noticed the words shook? "Twenty-four months. Therapy twice every week."

Therapy that obviously hadn't worked-and Peter knew that. He'd once told her just how little he believed in what he called the "psychobabble bullshit."

Kenton leaned toward Lora, blocking out the others as he brushed the back of his hand over her cheek. "You scared me."

She met his stare. He'd been watching, too. Watching those flames and staring at the house while she fought the fire. Helpless, outside.

Kenton wasn't a man who liked to be helpless. Even if she hadn't known about his past, she'd know that. But this was her job.

"W-wasn't Phoenix," Rick yelled again, pushing to his feet, but stumbling a bit. "Just that s-sick freaking kid!"

"Phoenix called this one in," Pete's voice cut through his fury. "This was him."

"No," Lora shook her head, and her body spasmed as she coughed. "This was... a messed-up kid. A boy who liked the f-fire and wanted to die." More coughing. Aw, Christ, her chest hurt.

"Get 'em to the hospital! Both of 'em, now!" An EMT grabbed Rick's arm.

"Man, let me go, the fire's still-"

"Get in the bus, Rick." A hard command from Frank.

Rick glared, but he got in because you didn't ignore the chief.

Lora lifted the mask to her face and took another deep pull of oxygen. Then she climbed into the ambulance behind him. "Just a sick kid," she whispered again.

Her eyes held Kenton's until the EMT slammed the door. Then her shoulders slumped as the siren wailed to life.

"Wade... is he gonna make it, Lora?"

She glanced at Rick. Wade had gone through that wall, hard, and Mike had torn off his helmet, his mask, hell, half of Wade's damn suit. The flames-they'd eaten at his skin before she could get to him.

"He'll be fine," she told Rick as the ambulance raced forward. "Just... fine." She blinked. Her eyes were tearing-from the smoke.

She was such a f**king liar.

The ambulance turned at the corner, and its red brake lights flashed. As he watched the ambulance vanish, Kenton realized he felt cold. Odd, when he was surrounded by so much freaking heat.

"We'll get a report from 'em, after they're checked," Peter Malone said, rubbing the back of his neck. "Dammit! I got the all-clear on Randall from his doctors. He was supposed to be safe."

Kenton glanced back at the house. More firefighters were running in, and the fire still burned.

Safe? Not hardly.

"Got a flashback in the den." It was Frank's voice on the radio. "Watch your asses, people! No one else is going down, got me?"

"Kenton, Kenton, are you listening to me?"

No, he hadn't heard a damn thing that Monica had told him. He blinked and focused on her.

"If this really is Phoenix's work," she said, "he's here. We have to do a thorough search. That bastard is here."

Cops were there, already talking to the witnesses and taking down names. And the firefighters still surrounded the house. Cops, firefighters, and several gaping neighbors who stared with big eyes and open mouths.

"They saw who did it, Monica," Kenton spoke quietly. "They saw him." Lora's voice had trembled when she talked about the boy. He'd lit up, right in front of her.

And Kenton had been outside, just staring at the flames.

"Phoenix called it in." Malone was adamant.

"We're gonna need to hear the recording of that call," Kenton said automatically. Maybe the SSD could pick up some extra audio from the call that would help them to pinpoint the perp's location.

Kenton's gaze focused on the detective who was freaking sweating bullets. "When did Randall get out of jail?" he fired at Malone.

The cop blinked. Sweat trickled down his forehead. "Uh, about three weeks ago. He wasn't in jail. He was in a treatment facility. The judge sent him to get therapy, his age-"

Kenton's jaw clenched. If Mike Randall hadn't been on the streets, there was no way that he could have set the fires six months back.

Not that he'd fit the damn profile anyway.

"He's here," Monica said again.

Kenton let his gaze sweep over the crowd once more.

"Watching," Monica reminded him.

Watching-and taking aim at the firefighters. At Lora.

"He set the whole damn thing up," Kenton said, voice low. The pieces were clicking into place. "He called because he wanted credit for this kill."

But how the hell had he done it?

Fucking bastard. Kenton jabbed his index finger at the crowd. "Make sure those cops interview every person in the crowd. No one leaves the scene without getting clear from the uniforms."

The broadcast had been designed to lure Phoenix to him, but the guy had screwed him. The killer had gone right after the rescue units.

This is for the Bureau bastards.

The perp had gone right after Lora.

CHAPTER Nine

Need a ride?"

Lora glanced up at the deep voice and found Kenton standing just past the hospital emergency room doors.

It had been one hell of a night. After getting the all-clear from the docs, she'd stayed around, hoping for good news on Wade.

Kenton stepped closer to her. "Lora?"

"A ride?" She cleared her throat. "Yeah, that'd be good, thanks." It beat catching a cab.

They didn't talk again until they were in his car. He cranked the engine, and it roared instantly to life, but then his fingers tightened around the steering wheel, knuckles flashing white.

"Uh, Kent? What's-"

A muscle flexed in his jaw. "He went after you."

"No." It had to be some mistake. "It was the kid, I saw him."

"It was Phoenix," he said, and a shiver skated down her spine. "Michael Randall was in Meadows Rehab when the other fires were set. Phoenix used him. I don't know how yet, but he set that boy up as-"

"Bait." Her eyes drifted to the ambulance that had just raced past them.

"Yeah, f**king bait." He shifted gears, and the SUV shot forward. "How's your man?"

Lora took a deep breath. "He went into cardiac arrest about an hour ago."

"Lora..."

She swallowed and tried to breathe nice and easy. Real hard to do. "He's stable. For now." She wasn't sure how long that would last. The docs hadn't looked or sounded hopeful. And Wade had a wife in there, pacing the sterile halls. Newlyweds. "He's got burns-second and third degree-on his face and chest. Randall... he just went after him. Ripped at him as the fire burned." I couldn't get to him fast enough. Not with the flames and the walls falling.

"I'm sorry."

So was she. Sorry she hadn't moved faster. Sorry she hadn't yelled out her warning sooner. "Randall had set an accelerant trail all over the house. He was just waiting for us to go in so he could light it." And trap us inside. Because he'd wanted them all to die.

"I wanted Phoenix to come after me. Not you." Kenton took two turns and then a hard left. Her house wasn't far now. She wanted to shower, to wash away the grime and soot.

Laura's hands pressed against her thighs. "How... how did he get the kid to kill himself?" An image flashed in her mind of another fire. Randall and that smile.

He'd fought her when she tried to pull him out of the flames. He'd screamed, "No, no, I want to see!"

This time, he'd seen everything.

"We're gonna check to see if there's any connection with Meadows Rehab. Maybe Phoenix met up with the kid there." The rumble of his voice filled the car. "Sure seems like Randall was willing bait."

Her head turned slowly as she leaned back against the seat. So tired.

Another trap. Only this time, the victim had wanted the flames.

"Using the boy was a mistake," Kenton said. Another turn, then a couple more blocks, and she'd be home. "The boy is gonna lead us to Phoenix."

Lora exhaled. "Phoenix is a sick freak. And the fires-they're just getting worse."

The SUV slowed down. She could see her house. Surrounded in dawn's light, the white paint gleamed. Kenton braked, and her fingers reached for the door.

"Lora..."

She glanced back at him.

"I want to come in." His voice was demanding, with an edge of-

Fear.

Lora understood. He'd been watching. While the fire burned and death came, he'd been outside.

Her head moved in a slow nod. She wanted him there with her.

Her steps were slow as she headed for the door. The keys in her hand trembled just a bit. Kenton followed her, close enough for her to feel his warmth.

Then they were inside, and she could finally breathe. She could draw in a deep breath and not taste her own fear.

"I-I'm going to take a shower." First. Because she didn't want to touch him like this. But she did want to touch him. She needed to push away the death and grab life.

He caught her hand. "Is there room for two?"

There was lust in his eyes. But need, a deeper, darker need, shone there, too. The same need she felt, coursing through her blood.

"Yes." A simple answer that meant so much more.

Staring at her, he removed his weapon. He secured the gun by tucking it inside her desk drawer.

Then he followed her up the stairs, down the narrow hallway, and into the bathroom. He was silent while she twisted the faucet, then started the shower. Water thundered down in a hard blast.

She stripped without looking at him. Kicked off her shoes, tossed the socks, and dropped the borrowed scrubs.

Her fingers hesitated on her panties. Stupid. Why would she be nervous now?

Lora shoved them down, then she twisted a bit as she unhooked her bra. The fabric fell, and she didn't glance back as she stepped into the hot stream of water.

Blindly, she reached for the soap and started scrubbing hard. Almost scratching her flesh.

Wade hadn't been moving. She hadn't gotten to him fast enough. She'd been too far away.

Like Carter. Oh, Jesus, like Carter...

"Let me." His hands covered hers and took the soap. Smoothed where she'd scratched. Lathered over her arms, down her back, and over the scars that another blaze had left.

Her eyes closed, and the water pelted her. Washing away the fire. Washing it all away.

"You scared the shit out of me," Kenton said gruffly, and she almost smiled.

"You do this every day, though, don't you? Even without Phoenix..." His soapy hands slid around her waist and began to move up to cup her br**sts. "You do this every day."

She inhaled on a deep breath. "Uh, not every day... most days it's just life at the station when I'm on... ah... shift." His hands were on her br**sts now, fingers rubbing the soap over her ni**les.

Her sex tightened. I need this. Need him.

"Lean against me," he said.

She let her body slide back. The water washed away the soap, but his fingers stayed on her skin, stroking her ni**les. Squeezing and caressing them.

Then his right hand moved down, even as he reached for the soap once more with his left.

She tensed when his fingers pushed between her thighs. Wet, slick with soap, his broad fingers parted her folds with deft skill. Lora rose onto her toes, arching toward the spray of water.

His fingers slid against her sex, found her clit, and pressed.

Lora's breath hissed out as her palms slapped against the tiled shower wall.

"Good." A hard whisper in her ear. "Stay like that." Kenton's fingers thrust inside and stretched. Her eyes squeezed shut as the water plummeted down on her.

His mouth brushed over her shoulder. Kenton kissed her skin and moved slowly up to the curve of her neck. Licked. Bit. Not enough to hurt, oh, no, just enough to make her want.

And those fingers, damn, they were sliding in and out. Rubbing over her clit, stroking her core faster and faster. The shower wall was cold, the water was hot, and his hands-

Her hips arched back against him. Not enough. "Kent!" She needed more right then. So much more.

"You've got a f**king gorgeous ass." His c**k pressed against her. Long and eager.

That was what she wanted. When his hand eased back, Lora spun around, sending droplets of water flying. Her fingers curled over his chest, looking for balance. Her head tipped back, so she could see his eyes, glinting down at her. Lust flared from his eyes, etched in the hard lines of his face.

Lora stood on her toes, caught his mouth, and kissed him with her lips open, her tongue thrusting. She savored him.

More.

Her fingers slid down his chest, muscled and hard. Down, down his narrow waist, to the c**k that bobbed toward her. Thick, with veins on the side, a dark head. Long and wide.

She wrapped her hands around him and pumped. Base to tip, again. Again.

Not nearly enough.

Kenton's lips pressed harder against hers and a growl built in his throat.

She wanted more than a growl. She wanted his control to break. Lora wanted him weak, wild, desperate-

Like me.

Her grip tightened on him.

"Out." Guttural. He twisted, shutting off the water with a swipe of his hands. "In you..."

They stumbled from the shower and didn't bother drying. Hands and mouths were greedy. Taking, touching, claiming.

They fell on the bed, and the mattress squeaked. She slithered down his body and eased between his legs. She took his c**k in her hand and opened her lips. Finally tasted.

My turn.

"Oh, f**k!" She glanced up in time to see his eyes widen. "Lora..."

Her lips tightened around him. Her tongue slid over his skin, licking, sampling, and he tasted salty on her tongue. Not bitter, but-

His fingers clamped in her wet hair. "Lora."

She wanted him to come. Wanted to keep licking and sucking until she broke him.

Until there wasn't any fire. Any death. Wasn't anything but... them.

Pleasure. Life. Release.

She took him deeper and heard the rasp of his breath. Her sex quivered, and she worked him faster, wrapping her fingers around the base of his erection as she tasted him.

"No more." Kenton's voice was guttural.

Then she was on her back. Kenton loomed over her, face flushed, pupils so wide that his eyes looked black. His broad shoulders blocked the light. She licked her lips, still tasting him.

One of his hands clamped over her hip while the other shot across her, digging into her nightstand drawer, fumbling for a condom.

Four seconds later, he was ready.

She was past ready.

Her legs parted for him, so eager. Maybe too eager, but screw that. She needed him.

He thrust inside in a long, smooth glide that stole her breath. Her sex clamped around him and held tight.

His hands caught hers as he thrust, deep and strong. Lora arched up against him. The drumming of her heartbeat filled her ears and she wanted more.

She wanted to go as far over the edge as she could get. She wanted him.

Kenton. Alive. Strong. Fierce.

His fingers tightened around her, and his hips slammed against her. Her legs rose, wrapping tightly around him, and her heels dug into his flesh.

Harder.

He kissed her with the swipe of his tongue and the crush of his lips. His c**k slid over her clit, and she moaned into his mouth. Shaking, twisting now as she fought for her release. A release that was so close. So damn close-

Her right hand tugged free of his grip and caught his shoulder. Her nails dug into him. More.

His hips slammed down. In, out, deep, deep.

His fingers snaked between them and found her clit. His thumb pushed against her even as his c**k shoved inside in a thrust that had her gasping.

"Come for me." His whisper.

Her eyes opened. When had she closed them? Lora met his stare. "Make me." A taunt. One she'd never given a man before. What the hell was her problem? What was she-

He pulled on her clit. Thumb and forefinger, tugging, then pressing, pushing down with just the right force as his c**k thrust into her, again and again.

His hips bucked. Then his eyes went wild, and he came.

So did she. Gasping his name, she climaxed. Lora rode the wave of pleasure until her breath was gone, until the pounding of her heart filled her ears, until she couldn't think, could only feel-

Kent.

He kissed her again. Softer now.

Kent.

His head lifted. His breath came hard, just like hers, and his hair was still damp.

They stared at each other. Silent.

Then he shifted his weight and eased out of her. A slow glide of still-erect flesh.

Still?

He went to the bathroom and didn't say a word. Right then, she couldn't speak. Her legs shifted on the bed. Her muscles were lax, her body sated, but...

He came back and went straight to the nightstand.

Her gaze fell on his cock. Definitely still erect. Lora licked her lips, swallowed a few times, and eventually managed, "Kent?"

He reached into the drawer and snagged a packet. Oh, they were going to need more soon. A twist of his fingers and it was open.

He rolled the condom on, and she couldn't look away. Because... damn. Her sex quivered a bit with an aftershock of pleasure.

And with need. Because she wanted more.

It sure looked like more would be exactly what she got.

His hand came down on her thigh and squeezed. "I'm not finished."

Oh, wow. His hand slid down and caught her leg to pull her toward him.

Her legs now dangled over the bed and parted for him. He stepped closer, coming right to the edge of the mattress.

Lora stared up at him.

His jaw clenched when he thrust into her. No preliminaries this time. No caresses, no strokes. Just a hard thrust, one she met with an eager lift of her hips.

She was more than ready, still slick, her skin sensitive from her orgasm. She shoved her feet against the bed's sideboard, bracing herself to meet those deep drives of his hips. She lifted toward him, arching her hips, and took everything he had to give.

His thrusts were hard, deep, so intense that she was shuddering beneath him. His eyes stayed on her. Dark, so dark now.

A quick retreat of his flesh was followed by a quick drive in, one that sent his c**k sliding over her clit.

She bit her lip to hold back the scream building in her throat. This, this was what she needed.

"Fucking... beautiful..." The first words he'd spoken since he'd plunged into her.

Lora shuddered beneath him and came.

He kept thrusting even as her sex spasmed around him. Her hands reached up and curled around his arms so she could pull him toward her.

Her lips opened against his neck, and she licked the skin. Then Lora bit him because the pleasure was that good.

His c**k jerked, his body stiffened, and she held him tighter because she knew he was coming.

And because that had been one hell of a wild ride.

She'd pulled down her shades to kill the light as best she could. Now Lora lay in the four-poster bed, naked, her soft skin beneath his fingertips.

Kenton turned to look at her. Her lashes were lowering, and she was nearly asleep. After their night, she needed her sleep.

His fingers trailed up her chest and felt the steady beat of her heart. He glanced up and caught the slow smile that curved her lips.

Beautiful.

"You can stay, you know," she murmured, her voice husky with sex. Christ, how could he still want her? But his c**k was up, twitching, because he saw her mouth, red and swollen, and remembered those lips around him.

Made for sex. The woman really was. Ah, damn.

Kenton cleared his throat but couldn't get his fingers to move away from her. "I've got to-I'm meeting Monica. We're going to talk to Seth and look through his files." They should have done that yesterday, but Phoenix had screwed up those plans.

Before he'd picked up Lora, he'd spent more time interviewing firefighters-her friends. She didn't need to know that now, though. Some had been able to provide clear alibis. Some, like Garrison, were still on the suspect list.

Her fingers rose and caught his. "If you need me, call. I want to keep working on these cases."

But he wanted her the hell away from the fire. Right. Like that was going to happen. Her life was fire.

And his was death.

They were some pair.

"Kenton, it's not someone at my station. You saw how we all fought today... it's not one of us."

He knew how badly she wanted to believe that. His lips brushed over hers. "Get some sleep."

A moan rumbled in her throat. Come on. Was the woman trying to break him?

"I will," she promised, and her voice was slurring, her eyes closing.

Kenton eased out of the bed and stared at her a moment. She was rolling, turning onto her side and away from the light. Curling up her hand, curling her body. So beautiful. And in sleep, so fragile.

When she was awake, the woman radiated energy and strength. Nothing she couldn't handle-nothing.

But in sleep, he realized her bones were small, so very breakable. Her skin delicate.

And she was one person he never wanted to see broken.

He found the clothes that he'd torn off earlier. But dressing took a while because he kept looking at her. The long lines of her body, the sweet curve of her hip.

"I'll be back tonight," he told her, and pressed a kiss to her cheek. But she didn't hear him. Lora was out.

Kenton left her, but made damn sure to lock the door behind him. The lock seemed like such weak protection. Locks wouldn't stop someone like Phoenix.

I'll stop him.

Kenton went to the hospital first. He wanted to check on the firefighter and see for himself how Wade Copeland was doing. It wasn't a pretty sight, and the guy's wife kept crying the whole time he was there.

By the time he left, his shoulders were stiff and a dull throb pounded behind his right eye. Kenton headed for the parking garage and froze when he saw Frank Garrison.

It's not one of us.

Garrison was walking toward the hospital with his head down. Kenton shifted and blocked his path.

Garrison looked up, and a frown flickered over his face. "Special Agent? What are you-"

"I just stopped by to see Copeland." His gaze swept Garrison's face. The chief looked haggard, with deep shadows lining his eyes. Kenton hesitated. Hell, Lora would be pissed at this, but he had to do his job. "When we were at the station before, where'd you go?"

Garrison blinked at that.

"When the call came in about the Randall fire, you weren't there." Kenton lifted a brow. "But you sure did make it to that crime scene fast." Fast enough to beat him.

Garrison's jaw locked. "I was scheduled to do a safety program for some elementary kids. The school was a few blocks away from Randall's place, Agent Lake. I was with the kids when I got the call-and that's why I was able to get to the scene so fast."

Garrison shoved by him.

"Lora respects you," Kenton said the words quietly.

The chief halted. "I respect her. The woman isn't scared of anything." He paused. "She's smart, and she's strong, and I don't know why the hell she'd waste her time with you."

Kenton took the hit because he figured the chief was entitled to his anger. He watched Garrison hurry toward the wide hospital doors.

Garrison's story would be easy enough to check out. And if he found out that Garrison was lying...

Then the next time he questioned the chief, he'd do it at the police station.

Thirty minutes later, Kenton walked into Seth MacIntyre's office and stopped dead. His eyes locked on the bulletin board hanging on the right wall. The one lined with pictures of burnt bodies and flames.

Monica rammed into him. "Kenton, what are you-"

He stepped to the side and heard her quick intake of breath.

"They're his." Seth rose from his desk and jerked his thumb toward the photos. "I-I've been going back over all the cases, trying to find a link."

Christ, that shit was bad. And during his time on the force and then in the Bureau, he'd sure seen his share of horrific crimes. But...

Kenton forced his eyes away from the photos. "Did you find a link?" Lora's ex-lover was up there. Damn good thing he hadn't brought her with him. He didn't want her seeing that.

But she'd been there that night. She'd seen him like that, up close and personal.

Then the woman had gone right back out and walked into the flames again.

"Actually..." Seth licked his lips. "I did find something."

Monica brushed by him. "Then don't keep us waiting, MacIntyre." While Monica pretended to be all icy and controlled, deep inside, she was just human. And he'd seen the brief flinch from the corner of his eye when she'd caught a glimpse of those photos.

Her shell had cracked, just a bit.

Seth rummaged through the mountain of files on his desk. "The station logs..."

Kenton's brows rose.

"I've been-I've been going back over every detail of these fires."

"You know there was another arson last night." Monica's voice was smoother now. Her control was coming back. "Wade Copeland was injured. He's in the burn unit at Memorial Infirmary."

His face paled even as he gave a quick nod. "I-I know. I've got men working the scene right now." He lifted a file, and his fingers trembled. "I'm heading down to the scene next, but I wanted to talk to you first." He offered the file to Kenton. "Might be nothin'..."

That was what they had so far.

Kenton took the file and flipped through the pages. Monica sidled up next to him for a better look. Seth had circled a name, a firefighter who'd been present at the first three Phoenix fires.

Lora Spade. Yeah, they already knew about her, but-

"Frank-he rotates his teams," Seth said. "But Lora, even with the rotation, she was on the scene for Langley, Hatchen, and Skofield's deaths."

Kenton lifted his gaze. "And you think this is important to the killer?" Having Lora there? Coincidence, nothing more. Not like the guy knew when she'd be on duty.

He stiffened.

Watching.

Sonofabitch.

Seth's chin lifted. "I think it's a link." His voice came stronger now. The guy wasn't backing down or getting intimidated. Good for him. "The only one I've found so far."

"The victims are the link." Kenton knew that. He closed the file but didn't hand it back to Seth. "And we're ripping their lives apart to find out why. Their deaths weren't nice and neat, and I'm betting their lives weren't either."

Seth's Adam's apple bobbed. "I think the killer's watching the station," Seth said, his voice firmer. "Lora Spade, Rick Suvalis, and Max Quint are the three most decorated firefighters at that station. They've been profiled in the papers." His hands shoved back down and pulled up another file, one overflowing with computer-printed stories from newspapers. He shoved this file at Kenton, too. "They're the ones people know. Hell, they even go to all the schools and talk to the kids. They're the ones people see."

Kenton glanced down at the file. Had they been the ones the killer saw?

"He uses liquid accelerants-gas, turpentine, alcohol... He soaks the fire zone, and then he traps the victims inside the fire-"

"Michael Randall wasn't trapped," Monica broke through Seth's words. "He could have left on his own, gotten out any time."

And not tried to take a firefighter down with him.

"Randall was trapped." Seth's hands hit the pile on his desk and sent papers flying. "I knew that kid. Hell, I worked with him." His emotion broke through the surface and choked his words. "The minute the fire started, he wouldn't have been able to leave. It was a compulsion for him; he had to watch the flames."

"He didn't just watch." Kenton's grip on the files tightened. "He lit himself on fire and went after Wade."

Seth swallowed, the soft click audible.

"You worked with him?" Kenton asked carefully.

"Yeah. Garrison and me-we visited with him. Malone said his therapists thought talking with us might help him."

Guess that didn't work so well.

"How many more?" Monica asked.

The arson investigator blinked. "Uh, what? I'm not sure I understand-"

"The PD is pulling arson files to make sure no other firestarters are on the streets that we don't know about but..." Her head cocked to the right. "You work these cases day in and day out. You know the arsonists, don't you?"

A grim nod.

"How many more are living in the area?"

His eyes darted between them. "Uh, n-none that fit the MO here-"

"How many," Kenton demanded.

"Three, that I know of." Seth's shoulders straightened. "A woman, Margie Dawson. She got out last May. But she's-she was hurt real bad in the last fire. She can't get around so good anymore."

"Who else?"

"Sean Kennedy. Fifty-five, um, he likes to burn rental houses. He's a scammer people try to use for insurance fraud. Sean likes the fires as well as the money, though."

Kenton saw Monica's brows rise. "And the last one?"

"Howard Tate. He's into electrical fires. Rigging them, then watching the houses blow."

Great. Just f**king great. These perps were out there, and Lora was walking right into their fires.

"We want all of your files," Monica told him.

Seth glanced down at the chaos that was his desk. "Help yourself." He grabbed his bag. "I got a scene to work." Seth walked around the desk, his limp slowing him just a bit.

Kenton stepped in front of him. "I think I'll come along." So his last trip to an arson scene had ended with him on the ground and a roof nearly smashing his head in. This time, he'd stay on guard.

Every single minute.

The loud ringing of the phone woke her. Lora rolled over, tossed out her hand, and snagged the receiver. "Hello?"

"He's awake, Lora."

Frank's voice.

She shot up in bed. "Wade? Wade's up?" Her heart jumped in her chest.

"Yeah. Hot damn, he's talking." Excitement had his voice breaking. "You saved him! Docs say he'll pull through! He'll need some grafts, some therapy, but he'll make it!"

There were voices in the background, laughing and talking. Their volume rising fast.

"We ain't losing him, not like-" Frank broke off.

And right then, the silence was defeaning.

Like Carter.

She licked lips that felt numb. "I'm glad. Tell Sherri"-Wade's wife of two months-"I'm glad he's gonna make it." Thank you, God.

Because she hadn't wanted to bury another friend, hadn't wanted to see the dark casket slide into the ground. All the damn flowers surrounding the giant hole in the ground, their scent choking her.

"I'll tell her." Silence, then, "Lora? Lora, you still there?"

"I'm here."

"You did damn good, you hear me? You got him out. You did damn good."

"Thanks, Chief." She hung up the phone. Lora stared down at her hands and saw the splatter of teardrops hit her fingers.

"Heard you and Lora are getting... close."

Seth's words froze Kenton right in front of the hollowed-out shell of the Randalls' house on Millway. "And where the hell did you hear that?"

Seth glanced back, his eyes narrowed. "I used to work in that station. I got friends there, and station gossip travels fast."

And Lora had bold-as-you-please announced to her chief that they were sleeping together. Kenton grunted. "Don't really see how this is any of your business."

Two men came out. They pushed a gurney, one carrying a zipped-up black bag. Randall.

That bag sure didn't look very big.

"Lora and I don't always see eye to eye."

Kenton glanced back at him.

"But I respect her, and I respected Carter. I was there that night. When Carter got caught in the flames, I saw her-" His lips pressed into a thin line. "Lora needs to heal. She hasn't had time to-"

Fuck this. Kenton stepped close to him, toe-to-toe. "Work the case and let me f**king worry about Lora." Because the last thing he needed was this prick telling him how to handle his woman.

Oh, Christ.

The thought registered two seconds too late.

His.

But she was. Because even in the midst of this hell, he could smell her. Her scent was on him, pushing back the smoke. He could taste her, feel her against him.

"She's using you, man." Seth's hands formed tight fists. "I know you don't want to hear it, but I know her, and I'm trying to help you."

Like he needed this shit.

"She's done it before, Lake. You're not him. She won't-"

What the hell? "Work the damn case," he ordered. Because this guy was pushing, and in another three seconds, Kenton was gonna push back.

Seth whirled around and almost slammed into the guys hauling out a second gurney, one carrying another black bag.

Two? "No one told me there was another body inside." Monica hadn't known either. This changed things. Shit.

Seth tossed a fast glance over his shoulder. "Michael Randall started playing with fire when he was six years old, right around the time his mother started burning him with her cigarettes." Seth's eyes glittered at him. "Hailey... had a bad problem with booze."

The gurney rolled past them, the wheels grinding.

"To a screwed-up kid, fire became love." Seth shook his head. "This time, he showed his mother one hell of a lot of love."

Hell. "You knew about the second body? Why didn't you tell us?"

Seth held up his phone. "Got the call on the way here. Haven't ID'd her yet, won't, until the dental records come back, but I know Hailey was here. This was her place. Techs say her booze started the fire."

No, that would have been her son.

Right around the time his mother started burning him with cigarettes. Fuck. Didn't people understand? Didn't they get it? Half the bastards he chased, they weren't evil because of some chemical imbalance. They were twisted because they'd been taught to act that way.

A victim one day, a killer the next. It was the way nature worked.

Kenton felt the same disgust that he saw in Seth's eyes as they watched the two bags get loaded into the van. Two lives gone. Hauled away like garbage.

"Come on, Special Agent," Seth said as he grabbed some airtight containers from the back of the vehicle. Evidence collection. "Let's go work the f**king case."

Kenton stepped forward, but then the purr of a car's engine froze him. He glanced up and saw Lora driving up to the scene.

Seth spun away and headed for the house.

Kenton stalked toward Lora. When she parked, he pulled open the car door. "You're supposed to be resting."

Her face looked pale and a bit strained. "I need to keep working this case with you."

He forced his teeth to unlock. He was worried about her, but the damn truth was that he could use her eyes. MacIntyre had missed evidence before. Kenton didn't want to risk another mistake.

So he stepped back and let Lora exit the car. They walked together toward the blackened entrance of the house. She hesitated near the steps for a long moment. Kenton was reminded of her stumbling out of the burning house again, her hands locked on Wade.

She straightened her shoulders and went inside.

"There are multiple points of origin on this one," Seth called out.

"There had to be," Lora said as her gaze drifted around the shell of the house. "When Randall came out, he had lighters in both hands. Liquid accelerant was everywhere, and he was lighting the place up as fast as he could."

Kenton brushed his fingers down her arm and saw the slight shiver that shook her body. "You okay?"

Her eyes found his. "He almost took out one of my team members last night. Hell, no, I'm not okay." Her shoulders straightened. "But I'm not broken either."

No, she wasn't.

"Got something back here!" Seth's voice had Kenton tensing. Carefully, they made their way through the small house. Seth was in the back room, crouched low. The room was blackened, charred far worse than many of the other areas.

Seth glanced back at them and grunted. "Another point of origin." He gestured before him. "The female victim's remains were found here. Based on the placement, the techs think she was sleeping when the fire started."

"Any signs she was restrained?" Kenton asked, but the room had been burned to hell and back, so he doubted that any evidence had been left behind.

Seth exhaled on a hard sigh as he sealed one of the containers that he'd carried into the room. "Hailey loved her booze. Odds are good the woman was passed out. If she didn't try to escape, I doubt she even realized the fire was around her."

Dead to the world.

"Broken bottles were all around the interior of the house," Lora said, and her voice was far more subdued than normal. Right, because she'd almost died there the night before. "Looks like Hailey's alcohol was the accelerant."

Seth lifted the container. "Yeah, we'll officially confirm that real soon."

Beneath the scent of soot and ash, Kenton could still smell the odor of whiskey and tequila. He had no doubt what the accelerant had been. And if the guy had used the booze...

"He brings the accelerant when he knows there isn't anything on site." Excitement had his heart thumping faster.

Seth and Lora both turned to him.

"He knew there were accelerants he could use at Hatchen's garage." Motor oil and gas. "So he used what was on scene." And that had thrown off the arson investigators. "This time, he knew there'd be plenty of alcohol to use." No need to bring another accelerant, not when the place was ready to blow on its own.

"He would've had to know the Randalls," Seth said, "if he came in-"

"He came in knowing he'd set this place ablaze," Kenton broke over the arson investigator's words. "And he came in knowing that he didn't have to bring a damn thing to start the job." Because everything he needed had been right there.

So easy to slip in when the scene is already set for you.

"He'd been here before," Kenton said as he surveyed the soggy, black remains of the house. "The bastard was here." There one day to visit, there the next to kill.

One cold sonofabitch.

A calculating killer who'd taken the time to get to know his prey.

CHAPTER Ten

When they finally finished the sweep of the house, Lora and Kenton headed back outside. She sucked in the clean air, hating the bitter taste that always filled her mouth at an arson investigation scene.

Kenton stared at the older houses that lined the street. The houses were packed tightly together. "If he came here before, then someone might have seen him."

She rubbed arms that shouldn't have been chilled. "The police canvassed the scene last night, right?"

"They interviewed everyone here." His gaze zeroed in on the house directly across the pothole-lined street. The house that would've had the best view of the Randalls' place. "But maybe they just didn't ask the right questions."

He strode forward, heading for the light gray house with the broken shutter. Lora yanked off her latex gloves and followed behind him.

Kenton pulled out his badge as he walked across the street. "They didn't ask about visitors who might have been here long before the fire."

Excitement had her heart leaping. Could this be it? Oh, damn, but she hoped Phoenix had screwed up.

The old porch groaned when Kenton hurried up the steps. "Stay behind me," he told her.

Kenton knocked on the door. The faded wood rattled.

Footsteps thudded behind the door. It opened a few inches and a grizzled face poked out. "What the hell do you want?"

Kenton moved forward, and she noticed that he positioned his right foot just inside that open door. He lifted his badge. "FBI, sir. I need to ask you some questions about-"

The guy snarled and tried to slam the door shut. Not gonna happen. Kenton braced the door and-

The man-balding, with thick arms and a burly chest-yelled when the door didn't close. But instead of running back inside, he charged at Kenton.

"Fucking ass**le! You ain't taking me back!" He barreled right into Kenton.

Lora screamed.

Kenton didn't make a sound. He dropped his badge and caught the guy with a hard left hook. The attacker stumbled, blinked.

"I told you, I'm with the FBI, and you need to-"

The man just came at him again. His fist plowed into Kenton's stomach.

"Screw this," Kenton muttered. He grabbed the guy's arms, spun him around, and slammed the man face-first into the doorframe. The man's body sagged, and only Kenton's hold seemed to keep him upright. "Asshole, come at me again, and it'll be the last mistake you make."

Lora's breath rasped out. The violence had been fast and intense, and Kenton didn't seem to have even broken a sweat.

But he had his gun out now, and they all heard the soft snick as he released the safety.

Lora realized her hands were balled into fists.

"Ease back, Lora," Kenton ordered quietly.

Uh, right. She hurried back a few steps.

Kenton flipped the jerk around, and his gun stayed locked right on the guy's chest. The man froze at the sight. Then, after a heartbeat of time, he started talking, fast, "Pl-please m-man... I just didn't want to go back to jail..."

Kenton grunted. "And you thought swinging at an FBI agent was the way to stay on the streets? Wrong move, dumbass."

"I just sold a l-little bit, okay? Just a couple of d-dime bags..."

The guy was a dealer? That was why he'd attacked?

"What's your name?" Kenton asked.

"Q-Quint. Quint Harley."

"Well, Quint, I wasn't here because of the drugs." Kenton wasn't lowering his gun, and Lora thought that was a good choice. She didn't trust the dealer not to slam into him again. "I wanted to ask you some questions about the Randalls."

The dealer's bulging eyes blinked a few times. "H-Hailey and that weird kid? They burned last night. Didn't-didn't you hear?"

"We heard," Lora said flatly, crossing her hands over her chest.

Quint glanced her way, squinting against the sunlight.

"Before your ass gets hauled to jail," Kenton said, "tell me who's been visiting the Randalls."

Quint shook his head. "N-no one. They weren't real big on visitors."

No, Hailey hadn't exactly been the welcoming kind.

"You had to see somebody," Kenton pressed. "I want physical descriptions, I want vehicle descriptions, I want-"

But Quint was still shaking his head. "I'm tellin' you... they didn't have company. Hell, the only cars I ever saw over there were black-and-whites. Cops were the only damn visitors they had."

Kenton grunted. "So the boy kept causing trouble?"

"Nah, he was quiet once he came back. But Hailey screamed at him all the time. Heard her tell him that she'd be tossing his ass on the street soon."

Only Hailey hadn't tossed her son out. She'd burned instead.

So Michael had known that his mother was getting ready to dump him. Had that been what pushed him over the edge? Yeah, that could have broken the kid's already damaged mind.

"Hey, man!" Harley's brows rose, and a flash of hope had his lips curving. "Since I told you, does that mean you'll let me go?"

"No, it means you'll be heading to jail. You're under arrest for assaulting a federal officer."

Kenton was bone tired when he pulled up in front of Lora's house that night. After he'd gotten a black-and-white cruiser to take Harley into the station, he'd interviewed the other neighbors. No one remembered any visitors at the Randall house. Most folks hadn't seemed to care enough to ever bother glancing over that way. All the memories were of cop cars, nothing else.

After leaving the neighborhood, he'd verified Garrison's story about the school and his whereabouts at the time of the Randall fire. A teacher remembered Garrison cutting out right after he'd gotten a page.

After he'd checked out Garrison, Kenton spent a few hours interviewing the pyros that Peter hauled into the station. He'd watched as Peter tossed the fire photos in front of them. No one's reaction had raised his suspicions. Then, while Monica and Jon had checked out more firefighters in the area, Kenton had talked to the families of the victims and seen their grief. He and Monica had suspects. Oh, yeah, they had a whole shitload of them. But they didn't have Phoenix.

All in all, it had been one real bitch of a day.

Sighing, Kenton shoved his SUV's door open. He wanted to see Lora. His hand stretched back into the passenger seat and grabbed the roses that he'd picked up.

Because he didn't just want hot sex with her. Well, he did. But tonight, he wanted more.

A date. It would be a new experience for him. Usually, he didn't exactly stick around for date time.

As he turned his head and caught sight of the front porch, he saw her.

But Lora didn't see him. She was too busy throwing her arms around some other ass**le. Some tall, blond-headed ass who had his hands on her, his body pressed against hers.

The sound of her laughter reached his ears, light and warm.

She leaned up and kissed the man's cheek.

What the f**k.

She turned, and the guy slipped past her, heading right into her house.

"She's using you, man. She's done it before. You're not him. She won't-"

Seth's words rang in his head. He'd wanted to punch the ass**le at the time. Now he wanted to slam his fist into the face of the ass**le who'd just gone into Lora's house.

She'd kissed him.

Kenton slammed his car door.

Lora turned at the sound. "Kent?" She glanced back at the house and then at him. She hurried forward, coming to stand at the end of the porch. "Wh-what are you doing here?"

His fingers clenched around the flowers. Idiot. "I told you I'd be by tonight." Because he'd wanted to check on her. He knew Wade had pulled through those first life-or-death hours, but he'd wanted to check on her.

No, he'd wanted her.

"You did?" She eased down the top step. "Sorry, I, um, don't remember you telling me that."

Probably because she'd been unconscious. His eyes locked on her face and then slowly slid to the open front door. "Looks like you've already got company."

She caught her lower lip between her teeth, and her eyes darted back to the open door. "Um, yeah, this isn't a really good time for me."

His jaw clenched. "I don't share, Lora."

Her brows scrunched. "Share what?"

The wooden porch creaked. "Lora?" The ass**le's voice. The guy stood in the doorway, his face half-hidden in shadows. "Lora, there a problem out here?"

Kenton bounded up the steps. "Yeah, there's a problem. You."

"Kenton!" Lora's strangled voice. "Don't-"

Fuck that. No way was he about to step aside while Lora got all nice and cozy with this prick. "Lora happen to tell you what she did last night? I mean, who?"

"Oh, my God." Lora really sounded like she was choking. Tough. He'd deal with her later, and he'd make it pretty f**king clear that while they were together, it would just be them.

Not that jackass standing there, clenching his fists, and not either of the other two tall linebacker types who were suddenly crowding in behind him.

Two other-

Well, shit.

"You got a problem with him," one of the guys snapped, "then you got a problem with all of us!"

Lora's nails dug into the skin of Kenton's back, hard and deep. "My brothers..."

They all eased out of the door and surrounded him. And that guy-the one who'd kissed Lora-Kenton got a good look at him then.

The right side of his face had been in the light. A much more masculine version of Lora, especially with that thick blond hair.

But the left side of his face...

Jesus.

The flesh was raised, red and dark in spots as it criss-crossed his cheek and ran down his jaw.

Her brother-the fire had caught him, burned him, over 60 percent of his body. The doctors didn't think he'd make it.

But he had made it, and the guy was looking at him like he'd love nothing more than to rip Kenton's head clear off.

Not that he particularly blamed him right then. Damn. Jealousy could make him act like such a f**king idiot.

"I'm having dinner with my brothers tonight."

"Who the hell is he?" came a snarl from the redhead in the back.

Lora jumped in front of Kenton. "A friend. He's a friend. Guys, just go back inside and finish making the spaghetti. I'll be there in a minute, okay?"

"No friend talks to my sister like that." The guy who'd walked through hell took a step forward. "And if this jerk had his hands on you last night..."

Kenton knew he was about to get an ass-kicking. He set his shoulders, realizing that it would be hard for a man to be more stupid than he'd just been, and got ready to take his licks. From the looks of things, there'd be a lot of them.

"Ryan, ease up, okay?"

Ryan didn't look like he really understood that concept.

Lora's hand shoved against Ryan's chest. "My angel hair is gonna burn, and when it does, you'll be the one going hungry."

The guy wasn't moving.

She gave a long, really long sigh. "This is Kenton Lake, all right? Special Agent Kenton Lake."

"Oooh... special agent." From the redhead. He was about two inches shorter than Ryan, but he was wider. "Like I give a rat's ass about that." And he obviously had his sister's tact.

"Ben, you are not helping."

Kenton cleared his throat. "My apologies. I thought you were someone else." Someone there to screw Lora and that sure as shit wasn't going to happen. "I got... jealous."

A hard laugh from the brother who hadn't spoken yet. A deep, rumbling laugh. "Aw, man, I think the special agent is sweet on Lora." He blew a kiss into the air.

Ryan's eyes narrowed. "Ain't that something." Then he turned his narrowed gaze to Lora. "You didn't mention you'd started dating, Lora."

"Because I don't have to run everything by you guys. Jeez!" She threw her hands up. "Fine! Whatever! Okay, Kent was a jealous ass. Um, what were you gonna do, by the way?" she asked as she glanced at Kenton. "Punch Ryan?"

Her brother laughed at that. "He could try."

Lora shook her head. "Doesn't matter. I'm starving. It's late, and I'm not standing on my porch all night so the neighbors can see us argue." Lora grabbed Kenton's hand. "Jake, put another plate on the table. We've got one more for dinner."

Her brothers' eyes-they all had Lora's exact eye color-widened. Then, as one, they said, "Shit."

Yeah, he could relate.

Dinner was awkward. But, well, that was to be expected when three guys wanted to tear you apart.

The food was good. Lots of spaghetti. Probably enough to feed a small town.

Or Lora's brothers.

He watched them, when they weren't glaring at him. Jake was the youngest, probably a year or two older than Lora. His hair was red like Ben's, but shot with blond streaks. He ate fast, he laughed a lot, and he seemed to love stealing rolls off Lora's plate.

Ben sat at the head of the table. The oldest, well, that was what he'd told Kenton. But he and Ryan were twins. Not identical, though, not even close. His eyes were smaller than his brother's, his chin narrower, his forehead higher-and it looked like the guy had gotten his nose smashed more than a few times.

Then there was Ryan. Ryan who sat close to Lora. Ryan who snatched the rolls back any time Jake messed with his sister. Ryan who really looked like he wanted to tear Kenton apart.

The protector. Yeah, Ryan was right there beside her, and Kenton didn't blame the guy for wanting to kick his ass.

"So..." Jake leaned forward with a lazy grin that looked a lot like Lora's. "You sleeping with my sister?"

Kenton choked on the spaghetti.

"Yeah, he is," Lora answered, and Ryan tossed her another roll. "You still sleeping with-oh, what's her name? Kelly? Kim? Kar-"

"Katie." His lips twisted. "And, um, no, we're not together anymore."

"Dude." Ben stilled with the fork near his mouth. "You dumped the massage therapist? Are you freaking insane?"

A flush stole over Jake's cheeks. "Didn't dump her."

Ben winced with empathy. "That one had to hurt."

"You're with the SSD," Ryan's voice came, low but clear. A massage therapist wasn't enough to get that fellow off-track.

Kenton gave a slow nod.

"How'd you know that?" Lora demanded. "I didn't say-"

"You got a serial in town. You got a special agent on your doorstep." A little shrug. "Connecting the dots isn't hard."

And just like that, all their eyes were back on him.

Ryan's lip curled, just a bit, tightening the scars. "And I saw lover boy on the news the other night." His arms stretched out, one wrapping around the back of Lora's chair. "Just didn't realize you were working quite so close with Lora on these cases."

"Well, he is." She elbowed his arm out of the way. "All right. Let's clear the air." She waved at them. "Hi, I'm Lora. I'm thirty-two, no longer a virgin, and able to date and do anything else with any man I want." Her grin was gorgeous and, dammit, getting a hard-on when her brothers were around probably wasn't smart.

Like he'd been having a smart night.

"So I want you all to stop acting like idiots and be nice to the guy I'm with. Got it?" Oh, there was some real steel there.

"This serious?" asked Ben.

Lora's head turned slowly toward him, and Kenton wished he could have seen her eyes as she said, "This? Kenton is what I want. What I need."

Silence.

Ben's stare jumped to Ryan, and Kenton caught the small movement of his head. Giving the okay-for now.

Ryan might not be the oldest, by a couple of minutes, but when it came to the pecking order at the house, he ruled.

"Great." Lora shoved back from the table. "Now who wants dessert?"

Jake's hand shot up. Ben begged for two pieces of pie.

And Ryan turned his stare onto Kenton. No man liked to meet the guy screwing his little sister.

Kenton pushed his shoulders back. "Let me help you with that, Lora."

Wasn't that f**king sweet.

They were all together, talking and laughing. Having damn dinner like nothing was wrong in their world.

He slammed his foot on the gas, and his truck shot down the road.

He was being hunted, but they were all dicking around in there.

That damn agent-coming into this town, taking over. Acting like this was his place.

Even moving right in on Lora.

He'd given them another taste of his fire, but they still didn't realize... he was in charge. He could burn and kill anyone he wanted. The power was his.

Not the Bureau bastard's. Not Lora's.

Some people could go into the fire, feel the burn, and rise right out of the ashes.

But others, well, they fell into the flames.

Time for more to fall.

They left, finally. Lora watched her brothers leave, one by one, and though she loved them more than anything, she'd never been happier to see them walk away.

Ryan hung back. He always stayed just a little longer to help her clean up and to make sure she locked her doors.

Or stayed a little longer to give her new lover hell.

Ryan's gaze raked over Kenton. "You're a lucky bastard, you know that?"

Kenton lifted a brow. "Lucky because you're not gonna take that swing you've been wanting all night?"

Ryan laughed. God, Lora loved that sound. After the fire, it had been months before he laughed again. Eleven months and three days. She could still remember perfectly.

"Nah, I'll get that punch in when you least expect it, buddy." He brushed a kiss over Lora's cheek. "You're lucky because Lora's bothering to give you the time of day. Usually, she just tells guys to piss off."

Ah, well, yeah.

"Guess that means you're coming back, huh, Lora?" His voice softened when he said her name.

She sucked in a deep breath because Ryan knew her so well. And yes, she was coming back. She was pushing the past away and trying to get a life again.

With a man she wanted.

"I guess so," she murmured.

His stare turned back to Kenton. "So for that, I won't shove your dick down your throat, yet." He turned away and took a few quick steps toward his car. "But if you hurt her, I won't give a shit about assaulting a federal officer."

"Good to know," Kenton said.

Then Ryan was gone. His Corvette's engine roared to life, and his tires squealed as he shot down the street.

She glanced at Kenton, but his eyes were on the road. "Ah, sorry about that. I didn't know you were coming-"

"I should have called first." He paused. "Next time, I will."

"Thursday is spaghetti night. They always come over." Their ritual. Their way of keeping the family together since their mom had died two years ago. A heart attack had stolen her away. God, that had hurt.

"Your brothers are very protective."

That was an understatement. "They've always been like that. If you think tonight was bad, you should have seen what they did to Johnny Went."

His eyes cut toward her.

A grin stretched her lips. "My high school prom date. Johnny thought we'd be going back to the hotel room he'd booked and having a quiet night, just the two of us."

Kenton's brows rose.

"My brothers found out." She shook her head, remembering. "I have never seen a guy run so fast, buck-naked."

Laughter broke from Kenton. The deep, rolling laughter had her smile widening. "Come on, let's go inside." Because she wanted to be alone with him. To get him buck-naked, sure. But also, just to talk to him. To find out more about him. His family. His life.

"By the way, I liked those flowers." Her eyes dropped to the porch and to the petals that had fallen due to the death-grip he'd had on them. "Roses are my favorites." Not that the flowers were looking all that good right now. But she'd put them in a vase and maybe they'd rally.

His hand caught her shoulder. "What are you doing to me?" No more laughter. The dimples that had flashed with his smile were gone.

Her head turned, and Lora met his stare over her shoulder. "I don't know-"

"I think about you..." His head shook. "All day. I can smell you when you're gone. Can taste you."

She licked her lips because she'd been tasting him too.

"When I saw that guy standing right here." The boards creaked beneath his shifting feet. "I wanted to go after him."

"Um, you did." Lora turned to face him fully.

His hand caught her jaw, tipping her head back. "I think you're making me crazy."

Not the overwhelming sweet words that a woman liked to hear. "Thanks."

"No-look, I just... want you."

She wanted him.

"I don't know what the hell we have going on here-"

Hot sex. A need that wouldn't subside.

"I didn't count on this, on you."

Ditto.

"But I'm damned glad you pulled my ass out of that fire."

Her hands curled against his chest. "Me, too."

His mouth took hers, but not hard or demanding this time. A light and easy caress of his lips. A swipe of his tongue to savor and enjoy.

She rose higher on her toes, and her hands curled around his neck. The crickets chirped around them. The humid summer air pressed on her skin, and she pushed her body against him. Nice. Very, very nice.

The man was a good kisser. He knew just how to work that tongue. How to make her knees tremble and her toes want to curl.

He also knew how to make her wet. He was very, very good at that.

Kenton's head rose slowly as he let the kiss linger. Their eyes held.

She could see so much in those eyes. The desire, the lust, yes, but more. A need that went soul deep. A hunger...

What does he see in my eyes?

Her breath caught when a car door slammed.

Kenton pulled back and whirled around to see a man hurrying down the sidewalk as he rushed to Lora's house.

"Kenton..." She grabbed his arm. She didn't know this guy. A quick spike of fear had her straightening fast.

"Yo, Lake! We've got to go!" The man came closer. The light that Ryan had installed near the corner of her house fell on him, revealing dark hair, dark eyes, and rumpled pants and shirt.

His arm shifted, and she saw the flash of his badge.

"Hell." Kenton stiffened against her. "Another one?"

But then Kenton's hip started to vibrate against her. His phone.

"Told Davenport you were busy." The guy shook his head. "That woman is impatient."

Kenton yanked out his phone. "Lake."

Lora eased away from him and kept her eyes on the stranger. "Who are you?"

He flashed a smile, lots of white teeth in the shadows. "Name's Jon Ramirez, ma'am."

"What? What the f**k?" Kenton's voice blasted.

Oh, that couldn't be good. Her eyes narrowed as Kenton turned away and began to pace the length of the porch. "So you were just... outside my house, all evening?" Lora asked Ramirez.

His shoulders rose, then dropped in a careless shrug. "Keeping an eye on Lake can be a real pain in the ass."

Uh, okay. "Why are you watching Kent?"

"They promised to put the f**ker on the air?"

She winced at Kenton's snarl.

Ramirez just shrugged. "Because pretty boy made himself a target, and we watch our own at the SSD."

Anger had her tensing. "That interview."

Ramirez gave a nod, and his eyes cut to Kenton.

"Stop them. Pull the whole show off the air if you have to," Kenton barked into the phone. His gaze landed on her, and she saw the barely controlled fury lurking in his eyes. "I'll be there, ten minutes. Do not let them go live. Do whatever you have to in order to stop them, Monica, but, stop them."

He ended the call and bounded down the steps. Lora grabbed his arm. "What's going on?"

A muscle flexed along his jaw. "Seems Channel Five got a call from Phoenix. The perp wants them to put him on the air."

"What?"

"Equal f**king time, right?" He shook his head. "He's supposed to call back during the live broadcast tonight, and some prick of a producer gave the okay to put him on the air."

"Is Monica gonna be able to hold them off?" Ramirez asked, glancing at his watch. " 'Cuz the broadcast starts in less than half an hour."

"She'll stop them, but we're getting there, now. Follow me, Jon, and we'll-"

"Not without me." Lora wasn't about to be left behind. "I'm coming on this one."

"You're not an agent," Ramirez said. "This is official-"

Her eyes narrowed to slits. "It's just a phone call. And I'm going."

The agent's stare shot to Kenton. He gave a nod. "She's going."

Damn straight.

"You can't tell me what the f**k to do with my station!" a man's voice thundered.

"Actually, I can tell you exactly what the f**k to do," Monica replied with her voice low. Calm and cold.

Kenton rounded the corner and saw them. The station manager, Harvey Pile, had his short, squat body planted right in front of Monica. His hands were curved into fists, and his face flushed dark red. Reporters stood behind him, watching closely, and the producer-Travis Jenkins-was just steps away. Monica had told him good old Travis was the one who'd approved the idiot plan.

Monica stood with her arms crossed over her chest, her dark brows up. There were two uniforms near her, one man on each side. They looked nervous and tense.

"Let us into the control room," Harvey shouted. "We're scheduled to go live in three minutes."

Ah, so that explained Monica's strategic placement with the cops. Monica glanced over at Kenton. "About time you showed up."

Traffic could be a bitch.

Harvey whirled toward him. "You. Look, I did you a favor, let you come on my show-"

"No, I did you a favor." And Kenton had. "I gave you a ratings boost that I could have given to any other station in town." He'd just picked Channel Five because it was closest. It was the luck of the draw.

Sweat lined Harvey's forehead. "If we don't take his call, he'll just go to another station. They'll take him. He'll get on-"

"No, he won't." Monica was certain. "Every station in the city has a police presence right now." Her hands gestured toward the cops. "He's not getting on the air."

Damn right he wasn't.

"You can't do this! We've got freedom of the damn press. You can't-"

Lora moved to his side. "You're seriously gonna put a killer on the air? He's burned people alive, moron! He's taken out a firefighter, and you want him on your show?"

She looked as if she might start swinging any minute.

Kenton eased a bit in front of her, the better to keep her from going after old Harvey.

But Harvey was already inching back from her. "Look, it's not like we want to go on the air."

"What? Is he twisting your arms? 'Cause I don't see anybody holding 'em!"

She was fired up.

He thought Monica's lips curved a bit.

"One minute till air..." came Travis's panicked voice.

"I-he's calling at the start of the show. We've got to-"

"Monica will talk to him," Kenton said.

Harvey's jaw dropped. "No, that's not the deal, it's-"

"Record the conversation. Every second. When this is all over..." He gave a shrug. "You can run it, after the FBI clears the tape."

Harvey's hand swiped over his eyes. "Only Channel Five?" Half a deal was better than none, and Kenton figured Harvey had been in the game long enough to realize that fact. "And we get a full-on exclusive when he's caught?" Harvey pressed.

"Thirty seconds..." Travis was starting to shake.

Kenton nodded.

"All right-shit! Okay, let's do this!" Harvey clapped his hands. "Places, people! Move, move!"

The staff scrambled.

Monica eased away from the door, just as it opened from the inside. Two more cops stood there. "You got the tracer set up?"

The first guy gave a slow nod. "Yes, ma'am."

"What?" Harvey's head jerked toward her. "You put something on our lines?"

Her smile was wide. "Of course I did. You didn't think we'd let the call come through without a tracer?"

Not just any tracer. A special tracer designed by the techs at the Bureau.

"Ten seconds."

Harvey shot into the control room.

"Kenton, you sure you want to do this?" Lora asked, her brows low. "This guy, it seems like you're just playing into his hands."

"We have to take the call." They couldn't throw away the chance to get in direct contact with the perp. Monica knew her monsters. She'd get him to talk. To make one mistake...

Just one. That's all they'd need.

"Two people died after the last broadcast." Her eyes were glinting with anger. "What's gonna happen this time?"

"Maybe we get the sonofabitch," Jon said.

"Or maybe not." Lora's gaze seemed very deep.

What did she expect him to do? This was his job, and they had to take the call.

Behind him, he heard the anchor take his cue and welcome viewers to another night of Channel Five Action News.

Monica hurried into the control booth, and Kenton followed right behind her. By the time everybody was through that narrow doorway, they were crammed in as tight as sardines.

One of the uniforms sat by the phone line, almost on top of the thing.

"We routed all the calls here," Monica said. She'd been busy. "If he calls again, we'll get him."

The phone rang. Line one lit up.

Monica gave a quick nod, and the cop pressed a button. The speakerphone was on now, and the recording would start immediately.

The uniform answered the call. "Channel Five Action News." His voice didn't crack, but the guy's hands sure shook.

"Get me Pile. Put the bastard on the line."

Pile's eyes filled his face.

But Monica shook her head and said, "I'm afraid Pile's not available right now, but this is Special Agent Monica Davenport. Maybe I can help you."

Silence.

Then laughter. "You move fast, bitch." The voice was male, but distorted. Static crackled, and a train whistle blew in the distance.

"Do I?"

"Put me on the air. That was the deal. I call, I get on the air." Rage was evident, shaking the words.

"Why? If you've got something to say, say it to me." No rage, no tension, just that cool ice.

Lora shifted beside Kenton, rocking forward on the balls of her feet.

"I want to tell them who I am. They need to fear me. Fucking fear me."

"Is that why you're starting the fires? So people will be afraid of you?"

Silence.

"What is it that you want?" Monica pressed. "I mean, do you want your fifteen minutes of fame? Is that why you're calling the station? Well, you've already had those fifteen. Your fires were splashed over every paper in the state today. You know that."

More laughter and static rustled over the line. "You shouldn't have f**ked with me. You shouldn't have gone on TV and told lies about me." A brief pause. "You're there, aren't you, Agent Lake?"

Kenton tensed.

"And I bet you've got the pretty fire whore with you. You can't seem to go any damn place without her at your side, can you? Hello, Lora. I loved watching you last night."

"Asshole!" she yelled.

"Do you like the fire, Lora? Do you like the way it burns? When it touches you, does it feel like a lover?"

"No, you sick prick, it-"

Kenton caught her hand, wrapped his arms around her, and pulled her close. "Don't," he whispered in her ear. "Don't give him anything." Rage had tightened every muscle in Kenton's body. How the hell had he known Lora was there?

Sonofabitch. Not just the fires, he was watching them.

"She's a wild one, isn't she, Lake? Too much for you."

His hold on Lora tightened.

"The fire touched you before, Lora. I know. Licked your skin and made you scream."

Her chin lifted.

"But it's not all pain, is it? When the fire lances your flesh..." A sigh. "Tell me, Lora, how much heat can you handle?"

Kenton could feel her body trembling in his grasp, but he didn't speak.

"Why do you care about Lora?" Monica demanded.

A rush of air-no, wind-on the phone line. Then the caller said, "I don't, but he does."

Kenton's gut clenched.

"Don't you, Agent Lake? She matters to you."

Monica shook her head, frantic. Don't speak. She mouthed the words. Because speaking, snapping back, that would be exactly what the prick wanted.

"You want to talk to Agent Lake, then you come in. Come to the police station, and we'll-"

"Time's up." No more rage. He spoke with a tone as flat as Monica's voice. "And your tracer won't work, Davenport. I'll ditch this phone in the next five seconds."

"You don't-"

"Get ready. Hell's coming."

Another rush of wind, and then, nothing.

Lora's shoulders slumped, and her body sagged against Kenton.

Over her head, Kenton met Monica's glittering stare.

Hell's coming.

CHAPTER Eleven

There was silence in the room. Even Pile seemed stunned. "Did we get a trace?" Kenton asked, easing his grip on her.

The cop glanced up. Kenton recognized him right away. Jess Tyler. He'd retrieved the computer visitor log from Meadows Rehab, a log that had turned up jack shit.

Michael Randall's mother hadn't even bothered to visit the kid while he was in rehab.

Jess nodded quickly. "I, uh, we got hits from the cell towers. I think we can correlate it to about two hundred feet."

"Do it." Kenton stepped back from Lora. He had to, because the job waited. Dammit. "I heard trains. There's an old train yard on the west side of town, right?"

Jess gave another fast nod. "Yes, sir, and that's where the signal seemed to cor-"

That was all Kenton needed to hear. "Ramirez, let's go."

Lora grabbed his arm, holding Kenton back. "He's been watching us. He knew I was here because he's been watching."

Kenton nodded grimly. He'd planned to attract the bastard's attention. He just hadn't planned on getting the perp to fixate on Lora. But now wasn't the time for explanations. He needed to move, fast. "Stay with Davenport," he told Lora as he spun away from her. This time, she let him go.

And though he wanted to, so badly, he didn't glance back. Not once.

The killer waited.

I'm coming, ass**le.

Her heartbeat wouldn't slow down. Lora paced the small control room and watched the cops fiddle with their equipment. She watched Davenport call someone, probably Hyde, and tell him that she wanted more tech support, ASAP.

And she heard that bastard's voice in her head. Over and over.

Do you like the fire, Lora? Do you like the way it burns?

The plan had been to hunt him. To stop him.

But he was watching her? Hunting her and Kenton? Hell, no.

"Do you have family you want to stay with?" Monica asked, her voice breaking the silence.

Lora's brows rose. "You think this guy is coming for me?" Let him. She'd love to get that bastard in her sights.

Monica gave a small shrug. "He's brought you into his game, addressed you specifically. If you wish to change your location, no one would-"

"I'm not running from him." She wouldn't run when she'd been spending so much time searching for this guy.

Yeah, she had plenty of family. Family who'd love to take her in. Any of her brothers-

Oh, damn, but when her brothers found out about this...

She wouldn't be able to walk down the street without them. They'd want to be with her every minute.

No, no, she couldn't tell them. They could not find out. Because there was no way that she'd put them at risk. Ryan especially.

She shook her head. "My family is staying out of this." She really wasn't the running and hiding type. Besides, she had her dad's gun. Ryan had given it to her three years ago. She'd be keeping Old Faithful close, too.

Rage burned through Lora. "He's the one that should be hunted. He's the one that needs to be put down."

Not arrested. Not given therapy. Taken out.

Like he'd taken out his victims.

"Do you believe in an eye for an eye, Lora?" Monica asked.

"Yeah, I do." When it came to the ones she loved-you hurt them, you paid.

"Why do you think he's focusing on you?" Monica asked as she cocked her head.

"Because he's a sick freak with nothing better to do?" Because we both know the fire. We know how she feels. Not like a lover but like the devil, biting you, licking you with a tongue that burned your flesh away.

"He knows about you and Kenton," Monica said.

Lora's hand trembled as she shoved back her hair. "I picked up on that." Which explained why Ramirez had been hiding in her bushes. Following Kenton, because he had been the bait. Now it looked as if she'd gotten added to the menu.

She wiped her sweaty hands on the front of her jeans. "You think Kent and Ramirez will find him?"

Monica glanced back at the cops, then her stare darted to the station manager, who was trying to act like he wasn't listening to every word they said. After a moment, she shook her head. "He was gone the second the call ended, but maybe, just maybe, he left something behind. Something we can use." Her lips curved, the faintest bit, as her bright eyes turned back to Lora. "All it takes is one mistake, and we've got him."

Just one.

A team searched the railyard. Cops swarmed, running with flashlights, their weapons drawn. They searched every abandoned car and every shed. The cops shoved their lights into every shadow.

They found the phone smashed into pieces on the ground. Kenton tagged and bagged every part and hoped they'd get lucky with some prints, but his gut told him their guy hadn't been so careless.

But you never knew...

He turned around and stared at the long line of old railway cars.

Phoenix had come here so no one would see him. Away from the city. Away from the lights.

He'd picked the perfect place. The guy knew the city so well.

"Lake! We got something!" Jon's voice boomed in the night.

Kenton whirled around and took off running, the thudding of his heart filling his ears. He jumped over the tracks and shot around an old engine.

Jon stood with two uniforms. Another man was between them, older, with his head bent. The scent of alcohol hung in the air all around him.

"Not something," Jon said, softer now. "Someone."

The guy's head lifted. Kenton shone his flashlight on him and the man winced, rocking back. He wore oversized clothes that hung on this too-thin body. His shoes-one was a tennis shoe, the other a boot-shuffled on the ground.

"This is Bob." Jon had a hand clenched in the guy's jacket. "Bob lives here."

"My h-home!" Bob took a few stumbling steps forward, and Kenton realized Jon was holding his jacket to stop the guy from getting away. "Why's so many... comin' in my h-home?"

Kenton's eyes met Jon's. One mistake. That was Hyde's mantra, a mantra he'd taught to them all. "Bob, was there another man here tonight?"

Bob's head rolled a bit. Kenton dropped the light so it didn't shine right into Bob's bloodshot eyes.

"L-lot of 'em..." His hands made big circles. "All over." His right hand slapped into Jon's chest. "One... h-here..."

"Before we came." Kenton kept his voice low and steady. "Was there another man here? Did you see anyone here tonight before the police arrived?"

Silence.

Kenton's back teeth ground together. Christ. The guy was barely on his feet. If Jon hadn't been holding him, he'd probably be on the ground, right next to the brown bag that he must have dropped.

"Y-yeah... seen 'im." Bob grinned, showing a missing front tooth, and started singing. "Take me out to the ballgame... take me out..."

Fuck. Kenton exhaled on a rough sigh.

So much for a mistake.

Kenton turned away, then stopped. A memory tugged at him. He glanced over his shoulder. "Bob, why are you singing that song?"

"'Cause he's f**kin' crazy," one of the cops whispered.

Bob's grin vanished. "I-I wanted that h-hat." Angry.

Kenton's heart slammed hard into his ribs. "What hat?"

Bob's shaking hand rose and touched his head. "Saw it... when he walked under... the light." His bony fingers pointed to the lone light on the right side of the station. The only light not busted out or broken. "Take me out with the crowd..."

Kenton walked closer to him. "You saw a man under that light? Is that what you're saying? A man wearing a hat?" Come on, come on...

"I p-played once... was a p-pitcher." He shot his arm out as if he were tossing a ball.

A baseball cap. It could be a damn coincidence.

Larry Powell had described a man in a baseball cap. He'd seen him fleeing the fire that killed Jerome.

"Bob, was anything on the hat? Bob, Bob?" Kenton caught his shirtfront when Bob slipped. "What was on the hat?"

Bob just blinked.

"What was the guy wearing? What were his clothes like? What was-"

"Nice ph-phone..." Bob's lips turned down. "Broke it, though. Broke a g-good phone..."

"Our guy," Jon whispered.

Yeah, their guy all right. And they had a witness.

"P-pretty truck, too..." Another smile from Bob. "I like trucks."

Kenton's gaze met Jon's.

"Hot damn," Jon muttered. "Hot damn."

"Get him sober. Get him in a room for an interview, and let's get this bastard."

Lora glanced out of her bedroom window and saw the patrol car circling her block. Great. Well, considering that phone call, she wasn't surprised that the FBI had ordered an extra patrol to cruise through her neighborhood.

The phone rang, and the shrill cry made her jump. "Dammit." She turned away from the window and grabbed the phone. "Hello."

Do you like the fire, Lora? That whisper rolled through her head again, and she tensed.

"Lora? It's Kenton."

Like she'd ever mistake that voice.

Lora's breath eased out in a soft sigh that she knew he'd hear. "Did you find him?" Monica had said there was no chance, but she still had to ask. And hope.

"No." Voices rose behind him. "But we got a witness."

"What?"

"Yeah, I'll be right there... Ah, Lora, I got to go, we're bringing him in now..."

A witness. "Wait! Wh-what does Phoenix look like? What is he-"

"Don't know yet. We're getting the guy into Interrogation. We'll see what Monica can do." More voices and the ring of phones in the background. "I wanted to check on you." His voice was gruff, hesitant.

She glanced back toward the window. The patrol car was at the end of the street. "I'm fine. Don't worry about me. Just get the bastard, okay? Find out who we're looking for and let's plaster his face all over this town." Nowhere to run, ass**le.

"Okay. But your doors are locked, right? You're good?"

Aw, the guy was worried about her. "The doors are locked."

"If you need me-"

"You'll be in Interrogation." She understood his priorities and knew he'd be busy.

"Fuck it. If you need me, call me."

Lora blinked. "I-I will. And... you stay safe, too, got me, GQ? This guy wants you, so don't drop your guard for a minute."

"I won't."

More voices, calling his name.

"Night, Lora."

"Good night, Kent."

The phone clicked. Her fingers tightened around the handset, and she tried real hard not to think of the monsters in the world.

She hung up the phone and opened her nightstand drawer. The gun was there. She'd put it in the drawer less than thirty minutes before.

Revenge. She'd thought of it for so long. But when it came right down to it, would she be able to take a life?

Carter's face flashed before her. Not the perfect, grinning face she'd loved but the face after the fire.

Her fingers picked up the cold metal.

He watched the cop car circle around the block. That guy was really taking his time.

Was he supposed to be scared because some guy with a badge was driving down the street? Was that supposed to scare him off?

When were they going to realize that nothing scared him? He was the one people feared.

Her light was still on. He'd even glimpsed her, standing at her window, leaning forward, and peering down to watch the cop.

All alone tonight. Her lover was gone.

Lora was alone and-

Looking for me.

Looking in the wrong place.

He glanced down at his watch. He'd have to monitor the cop. A couple of drive-arounds, just to make sure that he had the timing down right.

And he had to give Lora a chance to sleep. Not like he could go in when she was awake and aware. No, that would never work. Lora would be better taken during a weak moment.

So he'd wait, just a bit. Wait and watch.

The match rolled between his fingertips.

"We gave the guy four cups of coffee, three hamburgers, and an order of fries." Jon leaned against the wall near the interrogation viewing window. "You think he's starting to sober up now?"

Well, Bob's eyes weren't rolling back in his head anymore, so that seemed like a definite improvement.

Monica sat across the table from him in Interrogation, her head cocked. "Mr. Kyle, I need to ask you some questions."

Robert "Bob" Kyle. Vietnam vet. Alcoholic. They'd gotten his records from the veterans' hospital in Charlottesville. The guy heard voices and had been diagnosed as schizophrenic almost twenty years ago-right before his wife died of ovarian cancer. A few months after her death, Bob had started living on the streets.

"You know he'll never make it in a courtroom. Schizophrenic..." Jon shook his head. "The defense attorney would just say he imagined the whole thing."

"I'm not worried about a defense attorney right now," Kenton told him. They'd cross that bridge later. "I just want to find the bastard hunting out there."

Kenton kept his gaze on the interrogation. Bob wasn't talking, just rubbing his fingers over the top of the table. This was gonna take all night. "And the order went through for a cop to patrol Lora's neighborhood?" His order.

Jon nodded. "A cop's cruising her neighborhood, and he's scheduled to do constant sweep-throughs all night."

So Lora would have an extra pair of eyes on her. Good, but-

Not good enough. Because he wanted to be there with her, watching over her and making damn sure that she was safe.

"When you were at the train station, I want to know what you saw." Monica pushed another cup of coffee toward Bob. "Before the cops arrived."

"Blue lights..." Bob whispered.

"Right, before the blue lights, I want to know about the man who was there." She offered him a smile. "You told the other agents he was in a truck."

A couple of fast nods.

"You like trucks, don't you?"

Another nod.

"What color do you like best on your trucks?"

"B-blue."

"I like that, too." A beat of silence. "What color was the truck you saw tonight?"

Bob scratched his head. "Dark. Couldn't see."

Because that area had been piss black.

"But you were able to see... someone, right?"

His tongue swiped over his lips. "Heard 'im talkin'. Laughin'."

"And when you heard him, you went closer, didn't you?"

A nod. "H-he was close to the light."

"That's what you told Agent Lake." She smiled again. Weird seeing that big, fake-friendly smile on Monica. "And you saw a man?"

"With a hat-" Bob said in a rush. "A baseball h-hat. Cathy and me-we... we always liked the games."

Cathy, his dead wife.

"She got me a cap like that once." He reached for the coffee, and some of the dark liquid jostled over the side. "But I don't like the Braves."

Monica leaned forward. "Did that guy like the Braves?"

"Big A." Another nod. "That's what was... on his c-cap. Big A."

"Tell me more about him."

"I don't..." Bob trailed off.

"Was he tall? Short?"

But Bob just shook his head now.

"Thin? Was he about your size, Bob?"

Bob wasn't answering now. Just staring down into the coffee.

Kenton exhaled. One long damn night.

"You think old Bob even knows where he is?" Jon asked, scratching his chin.

But just then, Bob looked up. "I want to see C-Cathy-tell 'er to come in. I want to go to a game..."

Kenton's fist hit the wall. "Probably not."

Kenton marched into Interrogation, closed the door, and waited.

"Bob." Monica touched his hand.

He flinched.

"Bob, look at Agent Lake."

His gaze darted to him.

"The man you saw, the man in the baseball cap..." Her voice was soft and easy. "Was he bigger than Agent Lake?"

Kenton stared back at him, keeping his face expressionless.

"N-no."

"Good. That's good." Her hand withdrew. "Smaller?"

"N-no." Bob licked his lips. "H-his s-size."

"Did you see the man's face?" She paused a beat, letting the guy think, then asked, "Can you tell me-"

"Cap... low... didn't see..."

Monica cocked her head. "You saw his phone, didn't you?"

"Yeah."

"I want you to think about his phone for me, Bob. Think about his hand. You saw him holding the phone, right?"

A quick nod.

"Good. That's good." She waited another beat. "What did his hand look like? Was i-"

"White." He stared at his own hand. "Like... mine."

So they were looking for a Caucasian, about six foot two, one-eighty to two hundred pounds. A guy who liked to wear a Braves ball cap and liked to drive a truck. But judging by the number of trucks Kenton had seen since arriving in town, a lot of men in this area liked to drive them.

Certainly not the best description, but better than nothing.

They'd already checked all the traffic cameras located in the fire zones, but their perp had been smart. He hadn't shown up once, probably because the bastard knew exactly where those cameras were placed.

He's sticking to the back roads and alleys. The guy knows this town.

"I want to go h-home." Bob's fist suddenly slammed into the table. "Cathy! I want to go home!"

Monica's lips tightened. "I know you do."

Tears leaked from his eyes. "Where's Cathy?"

Monica shoved back her chair. "Kenton, let's go outside."

Bob put his head down and covered his ears. His shoulders shook.

Monica waited until the door closed behind them and then started shaking her head. "He can't handle any more. We push again, the guy is just going to break."

Reality had a way of doing that to a man. The longer Bob stayed sober and coherent, the more he realized what the hell had happened to him.

And that Cathy wasn't coming to take him home.

"I've got a call in to the VA. They'll be here, probably around eight tomorrow. We'll get his doctor, see about getting him medicated, contact any family he's got..." She shrugged. "Maybe we'll be able to get more then."

Or maybe not.

Kenton sighed. It was closing in on 2:00 A.M. They might as well pack it in. Their witness was sure done.

He rubbed the thick knot of tension in the back of his neck. "We'll come back after the doc checks him out tomorrow." After they gave him the care that the guy obviously needed.

Monica reached for Kenton's arm. Her fingers brushed against him. "We have more now."

"We just have to make sure this witness stays alive," Kenton snapped. Not like the last one. I should have done more for Powell.

"He'll stay under police protection," Monica assured him. "I'll make sure that he doesn't get out of their sight. Nothing will happen to him."

"Uh, guys..." Jon's voice was tense. Kenton glanced up and saw the guy hurrying toward them. "I think you'd both better f**king get outside, right now."

Kenton turned toward him.

Jon stood, eyes slits, jaw locked. "One of the cops just told me that Captain Lawrence is out there talking to some reporters that have been staking out the place."

"What?" Kenton took off. No, oh, hell, no, this was the last thing they needed right now. He heard the tap of Monica's high heels as she ran behind him.

He turned a hard right at the corner, shot through the quiet bullpen, and headed fast for the entrance to the station. Christ, he could see the camera outside.

No one had given Lawrence the all-clear to talk to the press, and if that guy so much as mentioned their witness...

Kenton's hands slammed down hard on the door handle, sending the glass door flying open and the captain-

"We are confident that the witness we currently have in custody will be instrumental in the apprehension of the perpetrator known as Phoenix." Lawrence's voice was loud and too confident.

"Shit." Monica's whisper from right behind Kenton.

Growling, he hurried to the captain's side. Did Lawrence have any idea just what he'd done?

"Our witness saw Phoenix. We'll have his description up and-"

"I'm afraid the interview is over," Kenton said, amazed that his voice came out cool and halfway calm when rage pumped through his blood so hard and fast. He grabbed Lawrence's arm, harder than necessary, but so what, and pulled the guy back. Then he stepped in front of him, deliberately using his larger body to block the idiot.

"What are you doing?" Lawrence demanded, voice low. "This is my-"

"Don't say another word." Kenton caught Monica's order to the captain.

Kenton didn't glance back at them. He stared at the group. A cameraman and a reporter from Channel Five. And the guy on the right-his press badge listed his name as Thomas Jones. He was a reporter for the Charlottesville Times. They all stared at him with eager, hungry expressions on their faces. Like a pack of wolves. "We have no further comment on the Phoenix case tonight."

"But what about the witness?" The reporter from Channel Five, Elle Shaw, pressed forward.

"What does Phoenix look like? If you've got it, then give us his description," Jones demanded.

"The SSD is currently following multiple leads on this case," Kenton said smoothly, offering them a smile while he shoved down his anger. "And, yes, we are confident that we will be making an arrest in this case." He wouldn't leave town until they did.

"When?" Jones wanted to know.

Kenton's glance drifted over them. "We are collecting evidence at this time."

"Evidence supplied by your witness?" Shaw asked.

Now this was the dicey part. He needed to work some serious damage control. "I don't want the witness's name mentioned in your reports."

Silence.

"Uh, excuse me?" Shaw blinked a few times. Right. Like she'd never been asked to sit on a story before. She knew this game.

"Turn off the camera," Kenton ordered, still with a casual smile on his face. Letting the reporters see your fury was never a good idea. They needed finesse and charm.

Lawrence swore behind him. That guy had no charm.

The camera light blinked off.

"At this juncture, the SSD would like for you to refrain from running any story about a possible witness to the arsons."

"What the hell?" Elle exclaimed. "The captain just told us about-"

"And I'm telling you-the SSD would consider it a personal favor if this information wasn't aired, at least not until we've had a chance to follow up on our new leads." Sweat trickled down his back, but Kenton kept his pose loose and easy.

Elle's eyes narrowed. "What's in it for us?"

His gaze swept between her and Jones. "The two of you will get the first call when we catch the bastard."

Elle smiled.

Jones narrowed his eyes.

"You don't talk about the witness yet, and you'll both get the best interviews in town." He offered another smile. "Or you can run the story as is and rest assured that you will not be privy to any more discoveries or statements from the SSD."

He let that sink in, and after a moment, Shaw gave a grudging nod. Kenton's stare centered on Jones. "Do we have an agreement?"

Jones smiled, flashing too many teeth. "Sure we do."

And Kenton was sure that he didn't believe the guy.

"Then we'll be talking soon."

He turned away, grabbed Lawrence's arm, and tried to make the hold look friendly. But he failed and pulled the guy away with him.

When he passed Jon, Kenton leaned toward the other agent. "Until Lawrence goes home, make sure no other reporters get inside tonight. The SSD needs to keep control of the media."

Jon nodded and immediately headed to guard the door.

Kenton didn't speak again and didn't answer Lawrence's blustering questions until they were back in the captain's office. Monica shut the door behind them. Very, very quietly.

"What the hell is your problem?" Lawrence demanded, his hawkish face tight. "You don't interrupt me when-"

"Who the hell gave you permission to discuss the witness with the press?" Kenton cut right through his words.

The guy's mouth hung open. Then closed. Then opened. Fish-style. But then the captain's hand slapped against the desk. "I don't need permission. This is my PD, and I can-"

Kenton clenched his fists. "Listen up, Captain. Listen real good. This isn't your case. I told you that already. The SSD is in charge of the Phoenix investigation now."

"This is my city-"

"And this is my killer," Kenton tossed right back. "And we don't need some piss-for-brains cop screwing up our investigation."

Lawrence went red. "You can't-"

"We can," Monica told him quietly. "We have the authority here."

Lawrence's shoulders hunched. "Just... an interview... little one for the press... knew f-folks would want to know-"

About the witness.

"Tell me, Captain," Kenton said, "do you know what happened to the last man who tried to give us a description of Phoenix?"

The cop's eyes widened.

"Larry Powell," Kenton supplied. "He was here, right in this damn station, and he saw Phoenix, too."

Monica stepped back and let him close in for the kill.

"Now he's in the morgue," Kenton told him, jaw tight. "Or what's left of his burnt and charred body is."

"Phoenix doesn't seem to like leaving witnesses alive," Monica added.

The captain's face bleached of that fiery red. "I-I d-didn't..."

"You didn't read the report that Dr. Jennings sent to you?" Kenton's voice snapped.

Lawrence flinched.

The captain had just put a target on Bob. And all because Lawrence had wanted his own face splashed on the news.

"What do you think Phoenix will do when he sees this piece on the news?" Monica asked softly.

Fury heated Kenton's blood. "Who do you think will be next on the guy's list?"

Lawrence sagged against the front of his desk. The hair he'd slicked back on the sides glinted in the light. "I-I just didn't-"

Think. Yeah, they knew that.

"You're giving Bob Kyle protection," Kenton ordered. "Twenty-four-seven protection, you understand?"

Because he was not going to let another witness die. Powell already haunted him.

"They won't run the story, right?" Lawrence asked, swiping a hand over his forehead. "You told them... they won't run the story."

Kenton sighed. The cop really didn't understand this game. "If they don't, we'll be damn lucky." And he'd never counted on luck.

Lora's lights were out.

He inched along the edge of her property, keeping to the shadows near the tree line.

The cop and his partner were taking six minutes to circle.

Six minutes.

So much could happen in six minutes.

Fire. Death.

He smiled. Six minutes. So much time.

His fingers tightened around the can of gasoline. Then he tipped the can over and started to pour.

CHAPTER Twelve

Lora rolled over and slammed her fist into the pillow once more. She couldn't get to sleep. She could only close her eyes and lie there.

But she couldn't turn her mind off.

Phoenix. He was out there, somewhere, planning his next attack. And Kenton-Kenton was stirring him up and painting a giant bull's-eye on his back.

What do I do? If he comes after Kenton, what am I supposed to do?

She exhaled. Dammit, she needed to see him.

The smell hit her, acrid and harsh, filling her nostrils. A smell she knew all too well.

Lora jumped from her bed in an instant and ran to the window. Her fingers fumbled as she struggled to open the lock, then she shoved up the glass pane.

Smoke and fire surrounded her house. A line of flames circled the house and licked at the wood, rising quickly up the side.

How much heat can you handle?

He'd come after her.

She whirled away, grabbed the thick covers off her bed, and ran for the stairs.

When he left the station, Kenton knew exactly where he was headed, and he couldn't get there fast enough.

He wanted Lora. He wanted to see her and touch her. He wanted her in his bed.

After Phoenix's threat-and dealing with the captain's bullshit-Kenton needed to see her, just to make certain she was all right, because there was a knot in his gut, had been all night.

He'd just take a quick look. Just go by her house to make sure she was safe.

Hell, I'm worse than a kid. Some lovesick, desperate teenager.

But he was still going by her house.

He turned the corner leading to the white house at 209 Maple, and his heart stopped.

Greedy, thick flames engulfed her house. Rising up, higher...

His foot shoved on the brake, and he was out of the SUV, running toward her house, in seconds. "Lora!"

Blue lights flashed. The cop was there, too, radioing for help.

Where the hell was Lora? His head whipped to the left, to the right.

Christ. In the house.

Kenton raced forward. "Lora!"

A tumble of white flew across the flames, jumping, spinning, hitting the ground, and then rolling hard.

Fire ate at the fabric, and Lora shoved out of-what? Bedcovers? She heaved them back, then slammed the covers against the ground, pounding out the flickering fire.

"Lora." He grabbed her, hauling her close, and his hands wrapped around her bare arms. She only wore a tight T-shirt and an old pair of shorts. So much delicate, unprotected skin-she could have burned.

But she pushed at him. "We've got to get back, the fire-" They stumbled back. The scent of smoke hit him and the crackle of the flames filled his ears

He caught her hands and pulled her with him. In the distance, more sirens screamed.

"Are you hurt?" Kenton demanded.

"I wasn't asleep." Her face tilted back to stare up at him. "I smelled the smoke."

He'd come after her. That bastard had come for Lora.

Kenton turned on the cop. "Where the f**k were you?"

The uniform backed up a step and slammed into the side of his car. "C-circling. Some kid r-ran a stop sign. I-I stopped him-"

And that ass**le had slipped right up to Lora's house.

"I'm not watching it burn." She wrenched free. "Stay here."

What? Oh, hell, no.

But she was running, long legs gleaming, as she streaked around the house. The yellow fire was rising higher, and thick, black smoke drifted into the air.

He took off after her.

She yanked out a hose, wrenched the nozzle, and let a powerful spray of water hit the house. The burst of water knocked back the flames a bit, but didn't put out the fire.

More sirens screamed, louder now and closer.

Coming fast because the teams racing to the scene had to know they were coming for one of their own.

The fire flared higher, and the scent of gasoline burned his nose. "Lora, come on, we need to get back-"

The hose wasn't working, she had to see that. He wasn't going to risk her. With all that bare skin, she'd be hurt, too easy, too fast.

She looked at him, her eyes wide and big. "This is my home. He came after my home."

No, sweetheart, he came after you.

Kenton pulled the hose from her hand. "Come on..."

It was too hot there. The heat burned against his skin.

Lora's shoulders dropped as she watched the fire. If she'd been asleep... if those cops had been a little slower...

His jaw clenched. It wouldn't have mattered. I would have gone in and dragged her out. No f**king way I would have left her for the fire.

They hurried back to the front of the house. A few of her neighbors were out, watching in their robes, their wide eyes on the burning house.

Tell me, Lora, how much heat can you handle?

Kenton was going to rip the bastard apart.

He shrugged off his suit jacket and wrapped it around Lora's shoulders.

"Kent-"

He kissed her because he needed her. Fire burns so fast. His mouth took hers, crushing her lips.

She moaned low in her throat, a husky little sound that tested his control. Her mouth opened wider, and her tongue slipped past his lips.

I could have lost her. But she was in his arms now, held tight. Not ripped away.

Not like before. She's safe. His lips pressed harder against her mouth because the fear churning in his gut was all too real.

"Kenton! Dammit, Kenton, what the hell happened?"

His head snapped to the right. Jon was there, running toward him. A fire truck parked crookedly behind him, and the men scrambled down, yanking out hoses. Coming for Lora.

She tried to pull away from him, but Kenton clamped his hand around her wrist and held tight.

"Gasoline," Lora said, her voice shaking a bit. "I smelled it..." She took a deep breath. "He poured it all around the house, then started the fire."

But she'd gotten out and saved herself.

Because his Lora was one fine woman. Strong. Smart. Not afraid of the fire.

"Lora!" A hulking firefighter covered by his brown coat raced toward her. "You all right?" His eyes darted from Kenton, to her, and to the hand that Kenton wasn't about to free.

"I'm fine, Tony." Her chin came up. Always did. "I got out before..." She glanced back.

The firefighters were working on her house. Water shot at the flames, hard and heavy.

Smoke billowed.

Voices raged.

She shook her head. "That ass**le is gonna pay."

"Sure as shit is." Garrison's voice. He stalked toward them, his eyes slits as he glared at Kenton and Jon. "This the way you handle your cases? You put my people in harm's way?" Garrison spat on the ground.

Kenton's jaw clenched.

But Lora snapped back, "It's not his fault. You want to blame someone? Blame the guy who started this. My home. He came at me, the bastard came at me." Rage was heavy in her voice, not fear.

Others would have feared.

She should have feared, but she was too furious to be afraid.

Kenton understood because the same fury had his body tensing.

Garrison stepped forward, his gaze sweeping her. "You okay?" Softer. Worried.

"Yes," she whispered back. "I'm not..." A deep breath. "I'm not hurt."

The chief's eyes narrowed. "Not physically."

The guy knew her well.

"I'm okay," she told him again, and Kenton didn't believe her either.

Garrison's gaze held hers a little longer, then he gave a grudging nod before he stormed away, yelling orders to his team.

"You didn't see anything?" Jon turned on the cop.

The guy shook his head. "J-just the fire."

The fire that was sputtering out now. They'd save the house. It would need work-a lot-but they'd save the house. Kenton owed those firefighters. Lora's house. He knew she loved that place.

His gaze slipped to her. "You didn't see him either?" Kenton asked Lora, his thumb brushing over the inside of her wrist. Her pulse pounded fast there, racing beneath his touch.

Her lips twisted. "I only saw the fire."

"To come right up here and light her place, with the cops in the area..." Jon whistled. "The bastard's got balls."

Not for long. "What are you doing here?" Kenton asked him, brows pulling low. "I thought you and Monica were heading back to the hotel."

Jon looked at Lora. "I was worried. Just like you. I wanted to make sure all was quiet in Spade's world."

But all hadn't been quiet.

Lora laughed. A startled, hard chuckle. "Then I'm glad I've got two obsessive agents worrying about me." She shot a glance toward the smoke. "If I'd been asleep, at least I know you would have been there for me. Gotten me out."

Hell, yeah.

"Lora?"

They all turned at the call, and Kenton saw Seth MacIntyre jump out of the county arson truck. Seth hurried toward them. He winced a bit as he walked, favoring his leg. "I... heard... on the radio." His gait picked up as he rushed toward her. His hand lifted as if he'd reach for her and hug her the way the others had, but then he shifted his stance and pulled back.

"Get your men working this arson right now," Kenton told him and kept his hand on Lora's back.

Seth nodded in fast agreement. "I'll be with them, every step." His gaze dipped back to Lora. "Are you going back to the firehouse? I can let you know what I find-"

"We're staying until the scene is secure." Because he knew that with an arson scene, the faster you processed evidence, the better chance you had of finding clues. The fire hadn't gotten out of control. This time, they'd caught it early.

And maybe they'd find some clues.

Kenton hoped the perp had made a mistake. The cops were already interviewing Lora's neighbors, looking for someone who might have seen something.

Like the truck that Bob had described.

Or an ass**le in a baseball cap.

Seth shoved a hand through his hair, wrecking the smooth style. "I'll search every inch of the scene and interview every responder here." His eyes were still on Lora. "I'm... sorry."

Now that had her looking away from the flames.

"You were right." Seth's lips tightened. "I should have listened to you sooner. Maybe if I had... shit, maybe this wouldn't have happened."

Kenton expected her to shoot back with a "Damn straight" but she just nodded and said, "Yes."

"We're gonna catch him, Lora," Seth promised. "Carter..." His hands clenched into fists.

Kenton heard the echo of pain in that name and felt Lora stiffen.

"Carter's gonna get his justice," Seth said.

"All the victims deserve justice." Kenton pushed Lora forward. He wanted her checked out by the EMTs. "And the perp starting the fires will get exactly what he deserves." He'd make sure of it.

The SSD wouldn't be leaving Charlottesville until they'd apprehended their serial. Since the unit had opened, no perp had gotten away from them.

Phoenix damn well wouldn't be the first.

He waved to the closest EMT, motioning the guy over.

"No, Kenton," Lora protested, "I'm fine, I don't need..."

He brushed his lips over hers. Screw anyone watching. "Get checked, for me."

She swallowed. "F-fine."

When he was certain that she was secure, Kenton turned and surveyed the scene. Not just Lora's yard, but the street, all the houses, every hiding spot he could see.

Jon strode to his side.

"You've watched before," Kenton said. "But you didn't see the guy here." And if Jon hadn't seen him, that meant the perp hadn't come in close, then. He'd stayed back and probably watched through binoculars as he cased the street. Kenton ran a hand through his hair. "But this time, he had to get close to watch before he set the fire. A patrol was circling, so he would've needed a place to hide, a real close spot, while he waited for the cops to leave."

Kenton's gaze drifted over the area. There were a few hiding spots that caught his eye. The thick patch of trees to the right. The shadows near the garage on the left. "Where would you hide?" Kenton asked Jon because he knew Jon would find the best spot, the one that would provide a perfect view and the most protection.

"That's where I hid before." Jon pointed to the twisting trees.

They took off together, hurrying forward. Jon shone the flashlight on the ground as they tracked.

"Sonofabitch." Kenton's breath rushed out when he saw the match. One lone match had been snapped in half and tossed onto the ground. "Let's get that in to the crime scene guys. Maybe the bastard left us some DNA." A long shot, because this killer was very organized.

But Phoenix didn't usually have to worry about leaving prints behind at the fire scenes. The flames destroyed the evidence.

Kenton stared down at that match. Maybe rage had made the perp sloppy. Maybe he'd made one dumb mistake.

If he had screwed up, then... we've got you, Phoenix.

They didn't speak during the ride back to Kenton's hotel. Lora knew that she could have stayed at the fire station, but the simple truth was that she'd wanted to be with Kenton.

She climbed out of his SUV, still in her bare feet, and wearing a slightly singed T-shirt and skimpy shorts. A man shuffled down the walkway, an ice bucket in his hand.

He stopped and whistled when he saw her.

Just what she wanted. Her eyes narrowed. "Hey, jerk-"

"Fuck off," Kenton snapped.

Then Kenton was there, catching her hand, pulling her inside room 106 and kicking the door shut behind them.

"Kent, what are you-"

His mouth was on hers. His c**k pressed against her, hard and ready, and she held tight to him as the rage and fear and adrenaline bubbled in her blood.

His head lifted, and he gritted out, "When I saw the fire, your house..."

She'd been scared, too, when she saw the flames coming for her. Get out. The words had screamed in her mind, and she'd run from the fire. Run, when she usually fought it.

"I need you," Kenton growled. "I need you."

Lora needed him.

Kenton pulled off his holster and set the weapon on the nightstand.

Lora's hands trembled with the need to touch him. "Kent..."

He kissed her, an open-mouthed, tasting kiss that had her leaning into him. Her hands slipped between their bodies and she found the top of his pants.

He caught her hand, stilling her fingers. His head lifted and he stared down at her with glittering eyes. "Not fast." He kissed her again and let her feel the sensual lick of his tongue.

He pushed her back onto the bed, and the mattress dipped beneath her. His hands stroked her body, not wild with the fierce passion they'd shown before, but soft and gentle as he stripped her.

His arousal pressed against her, long and thick, and she spread her legs, trying to feel more of that thick bulge against her.

"Easy, Lora..." His whisper.

She didn't want easy. She reached between them again and pulled down his zipper with a hiss. His erection sprang into her hands. She stroked him, loving the feel of that hot skin.

He caught her hands and pushed them back against the mattress. "Easy." An order this time.

She stared up at him, her heart racing in her chest. His scent surrounded her, his body pressed against hers, and she wanted him inside so badly that she ached.

Fire. Hell.

Life.

Because when she'd seen those flames and heard the crackle of the fire-in those moments before she'd run for freedom-Lora hadn't thought about Carter or about what could have been with him.

She'd thought about Kenton.

Heard him screaming her name.

She'd run through the flames. To him.

Kenton's mouth skimmed her jaw, then he kissed his way down her neck. A shiver had her breath catching when he licked her throat.

"I'm going to taste every inch of you."

Her legs shifted restlessly against his.

He freed her hands and rose onto his elbows. "Every inch, sweetheart, and I'm going to take my time."

Oh, yes.

His head lowered and his mouth took her nipple. When he sucked her, she arched off the bed. His hand eased down her body, and he pushed his fingers between her legs. His caress was slow and steady, and when he slipped one finger into her and sucked her breast, she whispered his name. She wanted her release but-

She loved his mouth.

And Kenton was working that mouth so well. He licked his way to her other breast and let her feel the soft bite of his teeth as he scored her flesh. He took her nipple into his mouth, and his tongue tasted her as he worked a second finger into her sex.

Gentle. Soft. She'd only known lust and need with him before, but this was different.

He wasn't just taking her body. With every kiss, every touch, he seemed to be taking her. Claiming her, body and soul.

The soft stubble on his cheeks scraped her stomach as he pressed kisses down her body. She held herself still, almost afraid to move, because she didn't want this moment to end.

His dark head lowered, and his hands closed around her thighs. "Kent," she breathed his name.

He glanced up at her, his eyes glinting.

Then he put his mouth on her. His tongue touched her, licking her sensitive skin, sliding right over her clit. The orgasm took her by surprise, a sweet release that poured over her even as he continued to taste her, using deeper strokes of his tongue now.

Her hips pressed against his mouth, and her hands fisted in the sheets. Her eyes squeezed shut, and she just felt.

Him. The rasp on his cheeks, the soft touch of his mouth.

As promised, he took his time, tasting her flesh until she was moaning and twisting on the bed. She opened her eyes and saw him rising, a strong shadow that covered her.

He slipped on a condom, and the head of his c**k pushed against her body. Her arms lifted and curled around him as he slid inside in an easy, slow glide.

Lora lost her breath. No, he stole it with his kiss, but gave her his in return.

The bed squeaked beneath them. His thrusts were steady, driving, and she held him as tight as she could. When her second climax hit, she cried out his name as her muscles contracted around him on a hard wave of release.

Kenton kept thrusting, and he kept his eyes on her. His c**k swelled even more inside her, the friction sparking a rush of pleasure.

Her legs wrapped around his hips, and she held him tight. His neck was close, so she leaned up and kissed him, using the edge of her teeth in a light bite of her own.

He shuddered against her, and his hands curled around her hips. His head lifted, and he thrust again, again.

And, with his eyes on hers, he came. Pleasure wiped across his face, the same hot pleasure that swept through her.

He kissed her.

Her hands curled around him. Held tight.

Held... him.

"You know you scared the hell out of me." Kenton spoke moments later in the darkness. His arms were around her. Her body against his. He'd ditched all of his clothes and lay naked with her. His heart beat beneath her palm, steady and strong. The wild rush was over. For now.

"When I realized you were in the house..."

She lifted her gaze to his. The lamp was on beside them, spilling light onto the bed. "I'm okay." But her lips curled as she stared at him. He looked so serious, with that faint line between his brows and the stubble lining his jaw. "But if you need to f**k me one more time, just to be sure..." She leaned up and licked his lips. "Go right ahead."

The laugh came, just as she'd wanted. A hard and deep rumble.

At the sound, something inside her eased. Finally.

"He didn't get me," she told him. "But the bastard really did manage to piss me off." She loved that house. Loved it. She'd painted every inch of it herself, over Jake's protests. The fact that the guy owned a painting company didn't mean he had to paint her house.

And she'd redone the kitchen on her own. She'd worked in the bathroom with Ryan and even put in new floors with Jake and Ben. Ryan had supervised everything, of course, since construction was his business.

They'd all worked hard. Together, they'd turned the old house into her beautiful new home.

Now...

She blinked back the tears that wanted to fill her eyes.

No, the arsonist hadn't hurt her, not physically. But maybe that had been his plan. If he'd wanted the whole house to go up-fast-she knew he could have done it. But there'd been time for her to get out. Time to run. And the cops had been there.

She bet Phoenix had seen them. He seemed to see everything. "I think he did it just to show he could." Her words came, slowly, as she thought about the killer in the dark. Because if he'd really wanted her to burn...

The fire would have been inside. He'd run a line of gasoline all the way around her house. Outside.

"What? What do you mean?"

"The fire... I think it was a taunt. An I-can-get-to-you slap right in my face." Because he'd wanted her to know that if he wanted her to burn, she'd burn.

No, bastard, I won't.

"He knew exactly how to set the burn line so that the fire would stay on the edges of the house, and I'd be able to get out." She shook her head. "If he wanted me dead, the fire would have ripped inside." But he hadn't wanted her dead. "He's jerking us around."

"Maybe not us." His words came slowly, still rough, deep. "Maybe just you." His eyes narrowed. "Maybe it's been you all along."

Lora shook her head. "Uh, no, I don't think-"

But he was shooting up in bed. "Those first four fires, they were when you were on duty. He planned those. Every detail. Every moment."

"Yeah, well, I wasn't on duty when that last poor guy was torched-"

"Larry Powell was killed because he was a witness."

Uh, who? Her brows climbed. "Run that by me again."

"The dental records came back. The man handcuffed to the radiator? That was Larry Powell-"

"The survivor from the fire on LeRoy." Her shoulders slumped. He'd escaped one hell, only to have the flames seal him in another. "Why?"

"Because I think Phoenix thought Powell was a loose end-and our guy doesn't like loose ends."

Lora shook her head, aware of a growing chill in the room. No, not in the room. The chill was in her bones.

"He wasn't a planned vic, not like the others." Kenton's words came faster. "Phoenix didn't have time to waste on him. He couldn't pick the right moment. He had to act."

The right moment?

"Changed his pattern," he muttered, and Lora didn't think the guy was really talking to her then. More to himself.

"You shift up rotations, right?" Kenton fired at her.

Lora nodded. "Every few days."

"You even said it, when Monica and I-" He broke off, but she helpfully supplied...

"When you two had me stuck in that interrogation?"

"You had alibis, remember? That's what you told me, because you were working every shift." Kenton jumped out of bed.

Her brows rose as her eyes dropped to his ass. He had a really nice ass.

But then Kenton yanked on his pants.

Ah, well.

Lora didn't bother getting dressed. She just watched him. He was pacing, a lot. The guy was on to something.

"It was right f**king in front of me, and I didn't see it."

"What was in front of you?"

He whirled to face her. "You."

She was really not liking the sound of that.

"You're the connection, Lora. Seth was right. You're the link in all this."

"There's no way! I didn't even know who those other vics were."

"There's something about you." His eyes narrowed in an assessing stare. "Something that's tying you to this guy. To these fires." He stepped closer. "There's no coincidence with perps like this. There never is. The pattern-it was your shift. He set those fires when you were working. There's gotta be a reason for it."

Her palms pressed into the bed. She didn't like this. Didn't like where this was heading, not at all.

But Kenton had his phone out and was punching in numbers with fast swipes of his fingers. Who was he calling this late?

"Hey-it's Lake. That search we've been running? See if you can link the vics back to Lora Spade."

Chillbumps rose on her arms.

"Yeah, that's right. The firefighter."

No, no, this didn't make sense.

"I need this ASAP, man. Fuck, I need it yesterday."

She pulled up the sheet, slowly, to cover her br**sts. Lora thought about the fires. The bodies.

The victims she hadn't been able to save-the ones that haunted her.

And she thought about the games that killers could play.

Such twisted, sick games.

CHAPTER Thirteen

A pounding woke Lora the next morning. A pounding loud enough to have her groaning and shoving up in bed.

Then she realized, damn fast, that she wasn't in her bed.

Smoke.

Flames.

Phoenix.

She was still naked. Lora scrambled, finding her shorts and her top, yanking them on just as Kenton opened the bathroom door.

Oh, he would be fully dressed.

His gaze found her and seemed to heat.

"Um... you expecting company?" Her voice came out husky. Jeez, what time was it? Seven A.M.? Had she managed to get a whole two and a half hours of sleep?

Kenton shook his head before he hurried across the room and checked through the peephole. His shoulders stiffened, but he opened the door.

Lora shoved back her hair and lifted her chin.

"Morning, sunshine." The rumbling voice of the other agent, Ramirez, reached her easily. He shouldered past Kenton, a brown bag in his hands. When he caught sight of her, standing next to the rumpled bed-didn't take a genius to figure out what they'd done last night-one black brow rose. "Lora." He rolled the L on her name, let it go long and deep.

The agent's gaze raked over her.

"Watch it." Kenton's snarled order came right at the same time as her-

"Eyes up, buddy. Up." She needed clothes. Clothing was definitely priority number one.

Ramirez grinned at her, his lips stretching in a slow smile. "You are so wasted on him." The guy took a step closer. "I brought you a present."

She wasn't too sure she wanted anything from him.

"Go on. It won't bite." He lifted the bag.

But you might.

Kenton snatched the bag from him and peered inside.

"See, I can be thoughtful."

"What you can be is a pain in the ass." Kenton tossed the bag to her. "Some clothes."

Yes.

That grin still lightened Ramirez's otherwise scary visage. But really, that guy-he didn't seem the grinning type. Dark. Dangerous. Deadly. Like a fire ready to rage.

"They might smell like smoke, but I figured it was better than nothing." Again his eyes skated over her. "Then again..."

"Do you want me to kick your ass?" Kenton asked quietly, and there was no hint of humor on his face or in his voice.

Ramirez just shrugged. "You can try."

"Ease up, boys," she ordered, shooting a hard stare at them both.

"Yes, ma'am." From Ramirez.

The guy was obviously trying to piss off Kenton. His attack was also quite obviously working.

Ramirez reached back and pulled a folded-up newspaper from the belt loop on his pants. "Jones ran the story."

"Shit." Kenton grabbed the paper.

The news. She hadn't even thought that the story about the fire at her place would be on the news and in the papers. "I've got to call my brothers," she told Kenton, spinning around and heading for the bathroom to change. If her brothers heard about the fire before she had a chance to talk to them-

They would freak.

The door thudded behind her.

What? Again?

She glanced back, seeing it shake. A real strong fist must be hitting that thing.

Kenton and Ramirez turned together. "That's not Monica," Ramirez murmured.

Lora caught a glimpse of his gun.

Kenton was armed, too. She could see his weapon now, poking through the line of his coat.

"Easy," he told Ramirez, even as the other agent moved to flatten himself close to the hotel room door.

"Uh, Kent..." She began because that door was shaking again.

He risked a glance through the peephole, then turned to stare back at her. He'd dropped the newspaper. "Sweetheart, I really think you should have made that call sooner." His fingers curled around the knob, and he yanked the door open.

Ryan. Ben. Jake. They spilled inside. Faces red. Jaws set.

"What the f**k is goin' on?" Ryan snarled.

Her lips parted. "How did-how did you even find me?" She dropped the bag onto the bed.

Ryan stormed across the room. "Your house was on fire. Fire." He grabbed her, hauled her close, and nearly squeezed the breath from her.

Okay, he did squeeze the breath from her.

"Christ, Lora... when I heard the news..." He shuddered against her.

"Who the hell are you?" Ben demanded. She glanced up and over Ryan's shoulder and found Ben eyeing Ramirez. "What are you two pricks doin' in here with my sister?"

"Ramirez," came the reply. "I'm Special Agent Jon Ramirez."

"Big damn deal," was Jake's reply. Pretty much the way her brothers had felt about Kenton's title. Or, well, anyone's title. Authority had never impressed them, that was one of the reasons why Jake hadn't lasted so long in the army.

And why they all ran their own businesses. The boys liked to be in charge.

She pushed against Ryan's chest. "I'm okay."

"Bullshit." His eyes, the same gold as her own, stared back at her. His lips were tight, white around the edges, pulling down the scars. "Max told me you were in that house. That guy lit the place with you in it."

She hadn't wanted this. Hell, she'd thought about calling him last night, but it had been 3:00 A.M. "I didn't get burned." She wouldn't let her eyes go to his scars. "I got out before the fire escalated. He didn't hurt me."

Jake was there. He elbowed Ryan to the side and pulled her tight against him in a bear hug. "I saw the house on the news this morning. Freaking six o'clock news." She felt his ragged breath against her neck. "Those scenes scared five years of my life away. Another fire, like before."

Lora shook her head. "No, not like before." Long ago, an electrical fire had spread too quickly on a cold winter night. That had destroyed their home then.

Fate.

This time...

An ass**le.

Ben grabbed her next, hugging her so hard her ribs ached. When he eased back, he kept a tight hold on her right hand.

"That guy, Phoenix, he did this, didn't he?" Ryan could always cut through the crap.

She gave a grim nod. Ben still had her hand. "We think so." Know so. Slowly, she pulled her hand away from Ben. He watched her like a hawk.

So did Ryan. But that was the way he always watched her. He'd pushed her toward the window that night, pushed and screamed for her to jump.

But she'd glanced back and seen the fire take him.

She hadn't been able to leave her big brother. She'd gone back and grabbed his hand. She'd dragged him through the flames.

Then the roof had fallen in.

She didn't remember much after that. She'd woken up... in Frank Garrison's arms.

"You can move in with me," Ryan offered. "Until this bastard is caught, you can stay at my place."

How much heat can you handle?

No. She'd never bring fire to Ryan's door. Not again. "Kent..."

He closed the hotel room door. "I'm afraid that's not going to be possible."

Ryan swung on him. "Oh, and why the hell not?"

Kenton crossed his arms over his chest and glared at her brothers. "Because as of this moment, Lora is under protective custody. She'll be staying with me."

Well, damn. That wasn't quite what she'd-Lora blinked. "Wanna run that one by me again?"

His eyes glinted. "Until this bastard is caught, consider me your personal bodyguard, sweetheart. Day and night, I'm gonna be with you." He closed in on her. Jake tensed. So did Ryan, but Kenton didn't back down. "Phoenix wants you? Too bad. He'll have to go through me to get to you."

She sucked in a hard breath and shoved away from her brother. "I'm not going to hide from this guy. If you think you're gonna toss me into some hotel room-" Uh, yeah, that's where she currently was-"think again. I've got a job. People who count on me. I'm not vanishing just because some freak has the idea that killing firefighters is fun."

"Killing firefighters?" Ryan repeated. "I knew people died in those fires, but I thought the only firefighter was Carter-" He broke off, glancing at Lora's face.

Ramirez cleared his throat. "We're keeping a lot of information about Phoenix under wraps," he said. "The fact that he seems to be luring firefighters in and trying to trap them in the flames as they rescue victims-"

"Sick f**k," Jake grated.

"That information wasn't exactly fit for the morning news."

Kenton brushed around Ben and took her hand. His fingers rubbed over the back of her knuckles. "I need you to work this case."

The tenseness in her shoulders eased a bit. Good, then he wasn't-

"But I need you alive more. I'm not going to let him get to you."

She licked her lips. She hurried forward and scooped up the bag of clothes. "I'm not defenseless." She didn't need to sit around and wait for someone to save her. She did the saving, that was part of her job. She was strong, physically, emotionally. She'd had to be. "I'm not some weak target. If he wants to take me on, I can be ready for him."

"No." Flat. "You won't be. If he comes at you-comes at you to kill, not to just screw with your head-you'll be as dead as Carter."

Lora took that hit, right in the heart, with only a ragged hitch of her breath.

Carefully, taking her time, she pulled her hand away from his. "Let's be clear." Her voice didn't shake and it didn't whisper, though right then, she was pretty surprised by both facts. "I don't want you throwing Carter up to me ever again."

"Lora..."

"You think I can't handle myself?"

Ben eased back.

Kenton's eyes widened.

"I got myself out of that house. Just like I got Wade out. Just like I've gotten hundreds of others out."

"I didn't say you-"

"I work out every day. I know how to use a gun. I know how to use a knife-"

"She's a damn fine shot. I taught her... thought it was a good-" Ben broke off. "Never mind."

"I'm not some poor damsel in distress who needs to sit on her hands while the world turns to shit around her."

"Never been the sitting-on-shit kind," Ryan drawled.

"I get it, though," she said, storming on, "you're the special-"

"Big damn deal," Jake interrupted.

"-agent so you call the shots. Fine. Call them."

"I-"

Lora plowed right on, her vision reddening. "If you think that putting me into some safe house is going to stop him, you're dead wrong. Locking me up will just make me better bait." She whirled away from him.

"Lora..." His fingers skimmed her shoulders.

She kept going, and when she got into the bathroom, she slammed the door behind her hard enough to rattle the frame.

"I'm afraid that the information delivered to the press last night was... premature." Kenton's voice came smoothly.

Lora watched, her body tight, as the camera lens zoomed in on Kenton. He'd told her he that had to come to the Channel Five news station, to "smooth over some shit." She hadn't known quite what he meant until...

"Did a witness see Phoenix?" Elle Shaw asked, her face tight with a reporter's patent concern and intensity.

Kenton smiled back at her. "We have multiple leads that we are following on this case. But, at this juncture, the SSD will not disclose the specifics of any witness testimony that we may or may not have."

Lora frowned and glanced over at Ramirez. "What's going on?" She had the feeling she'd missed something important and that feeling sucked.

"Last night, Captain Lawrence got a little too chatty with some reporters who'd been staking out the police station." Ramirez sighed. "The guy told 'em we had a witness who could ID the killer."

Her heart lurched. "Is that true?"

"No. The description we got is for a stick figure."

"Uh-what?"

"He's white, he's tall, and he wears a baseball cap." His arms crossed over his chest as his gaze scanned the Channel Five station. "In short, he could be just about any guy you passed on the street."

Great. But... She eased back from the crew and lowered her voice. "Then why did the captain say that?" Kenton was talking to Elle, calm, composed as he said-

"We definitely expect to apprehend the suspect soon. It's just a matter of time. The SSD is confident that the perpetrator known as Phoenix will be captured."

"He wanted glory." Ramirez hesitated, then told her, "But what Lawrence did was put our guy in the cross-hairs."

"I don't-"

"Phoenix killed the last witness." Blunt. She flinched, remembering the flames. "So what do you think is gonna happen when our perp hears about this one?"

"Cut!" Travis's voice. "Great. That's a wrap, people!"

Kenton managed a curt nod for Elle, and then he yanked at the microphone clipped to his lapel.

"He's losing his objectivity because of you."

She didn't look away from Kenton. His jaw was locked tight, and his eyes were on her. Narrowed and sharp.

You'll be as dead as Carter.

"I'm not too happy with him right now." Because he'd hit too deep with his words.

"He's scared because with you... it's personal."

Kenton rose and headed toward her.

"It's hard enough when you don't know the victims." A whisper of something came and went in Ramirez's voice. Something that sounded like pain. Her stare slid to him, but nothing showed in his eyes. But then, she hadn't seen any emotions show at all in the agent's eyes. He could tease, he could play, he could rile Kenton, but it was like all that was surface. Just actions he was supposed to perform in order to fit in.

"When it's someone you care about..." One of his shoulders lifted in a faint shrug. "All f**king bets are off."

She swallowed.

"We're done." Kenton's arm brushed against hers. "Monica wants us to meet her at the police station. She's got some info for us about the other victims."

Ramirez nodded. "I'll meet you there." Then he was gone, moving quickly through the tangle of bodies in the newsroom.

Kenton caught her hand. "We need to talk."

In less than a minute, he'd found an empty office-Tom's office, because his name was spelled out in gleaming gold lettering on the door. Kenton pushed her inside, slammed the door, and glared.

She glared right back. No way would she back down.

"I-I'm sorry." His words sounded gruff, awkward. "About Carter, I didn't mean-" He stepped forward, raised his hands, as if he'd touch her, but seemed to freeze. "He's not getting to you."

But Phoenix had already come calling once. "What about the other guy? Ramirez told me the witness-"

"The witness is safe. We've got him protected in an undisclosed location." The faint lines around his mouth tightened. "Phoenix won't get him." He wrapped his hands around her arms. "Or you."

He kissed her, pressing his lips hard against hers.

Hunger. Need. Lust. All there, always there.

But, more...

His body shuddered against hers. Lora's hands came up and wrapped around his shoulders.

His tongue drove into her mouth. Her lips curled around it, sucking lightly, and he growled.

His mouth rose, a breath of space. "I just found you, I won't lose you."

What the f**k?

Witness in Phoenix Fires, Police Hopeful of Arrest.

He stared at the newspaper headline, his body trembling. No, no, there couldn't be any witness. He'd been too careful...

But he'd been careful before, at the building on LeRoy. He'd thought the scene was clear, but Larry had been there getting high and watching.

He'd taken care of Larry. So easy.

There couldn't be any loose ends. No tangles. No ties.

No witnesses.

He stared down at his fingers as they curled around the white edges of the paper. His eyes lingered on the black ash beneath his nails. She was calling again.

Burn.

She called to him, more and more now. The beast was out of the cage. The fire-oh, she liked to tempt.

Sweet, sweet fire.

No, there could be no witnesses.

His hand reached for the phone beside him. He cleared his throat and dialed his contact. He'd been in this business for so long. The SSD might think they could keep the witness safe, but some information-ah, some information was really too easy to get.

It was all about knowing who to ask.

CHAPTER Fourteen

She was in Interrogation. Again. Lora drummed her fingers on the table and tried not to shift in her very uncomfortable seat.

"I need to ask you some questions, Lora." Monica Davenport sat across from her, looking perfect again, while Lora reeked of smoke and wrinkles covered her clothes. Figured. Oh, well. "I want to figure out why our perp seems to be drawn to you."

"You mean you want to know why he decided to set my house on fire last night?" Lora gave her a tight smile. "Yeah, let's figure out that one."

Kenton yanked back the seat next to her, and the chair legs squeaked as they scraped across the floor.

She and Kenton hadn't talked much after the kiss. He'd pulled away, stared at her with eyes too intense, then hauled her down to the station.

And that no-talking bit was a good thing. Truly. Because Lora wasn't sure what to say to him.

She wasn't real sure what was happening between them anymore.

Sex. Yes. God, yes. But... more.

Anger, hunger, need, fear-everything was so tangled up in her mind.

"We found a broken match at the edge of your property last night," Kenton said.

She blinked. "What? And you're telling me this now?" Christ, this was big! "You think Phoenix left it and-"

"No DNA was recovered from the match," Monica said, interrupting Lora's words.

Disappointment caused Lora's shoulders to sag. She caught the clench of Kenton's jaw and knew he felt the same way she did.

"But today we're following some new leads." Monica pulled out photos of the vics and spread them out on the table. Lora glanced at Carter's picture and waited for the pain to come.

It didn't. Just... a wave of sadness.

What could have been...

"Other than Creed, did you have any contact with these people before their deaths?" Monica asked.

Lora stared at the faces, the unmarred faces they'd had before Phoenix, and shook her head. "Maybe I saw 'em on the street, but I didn't know any of them." Well, okay, she'd heard her brother mention Tom Hatchen once or twice. He'd called the guy a dick, but she'd never met the guy.

"Jennifer..." Monica's nail tapped against the picture. "Tom. Charlie."

"I didn't know them."

Kenton leaned forward. "Something's there. Louis Jerome-he was killed because he saw something. Or he knew something. We had word that he wanted to talk about an arsonist-"

"The arsonist just got to him first," Monica finished.

"Because he didn't want anyone talking." Kenton exhaled on a rough sigh. "He must have figured that Larry saw something, too, and that was why he took him out." His fingers brushed over the photos of Jennifer Langley, Tom Hatchen, and Charlie Skofield. "But these three-these three..."

"Maybe they saw something, too," Lora blurted. Could be. If he was killing witnesses. "They don't have to be linked to me." She did not like that idea.

The door of the Interrogation room swung open slowly.

A woman stood there, wire-framed glasses perched on her small nose, her red hair pulled back in a tight knot. "Or maybe he saw them."

Kenton jumped to his feet, sending the chair snapping back. "Sam?"

Monica's eyes widened. "Wh-what are you-"

The woman's thin shoulders stiffened. "Hyde sent me up here with Dante. I-I'm backup. I'll be working with Jon."

And Jon Ramirez stood behind her, wearing the usual expressionless mask on his face.

"I thought you were taking some time off," Kenton muttered.

"Got tired of that." Sam licked her lips. "I-I have something I wanted to show you."

Monica pushed away from the table and walked slowly to her side. "Are you okay?" Her voice had softened, letting in a whisper of worry.

Uh-oh. For Monica to show worry, something bad must have happened to the woman.

Sam's smile was brittle. "Fine. Don't worry about me."

Ah, Lora knew how those words felt. Like a lie.

The new agent pushed a file at Monica, then glanced Lora's way. "Uh... you're Lora, Lora Spade?"

She tossed her a smile and tried real hard to look friendly. "My name gets around, huh?"

"I've been... pulling your records."

Oh. Not so good, but she kept her smile in place.

"I've been pulling a lot of records. You're not directly linked to the other victims." She crept away from Monica and took the empty seat on the right of Lora.

Her words registered slowly. Not directly linked? Right. That's what she'd been trying to tell them.

"And from what I gathered, they didn't know each other either."

"Sam-that's Special Agent Samantha Kennedy-can find anything on a computer," Kenton said, appreciation warming his voice. "The woman can dig every skeleton out of your closet with a few keystrokes."

A dangerous talent.

"I didn't just use a computer this time. I started to see a pattern, and I knew I had to do more digging." Sam's lips pulled down.

A pattern?

"I went to Memorial Infirmary and did some talking to the nurses there. It turns out, a few months back, one of Jennifer Langley's patients... ah, received the wrong medication." Her hands brushed the tabletop, skimming just below the pictures. "This was the third time that someone had a dose of the wrong meds on her watch."

Uh, interesting, scary, but...

"Jennifer was suspended," Sam continued. "The cops didn't press charges against her because there wasn't enough evidence."

"Shouldn't our cops have found this?" Kenton demanded. "Malone was sending a team to question friends and family members of all the victims-"

"Captain Lawrence is fully aware of the allegations against Jennifer Langley. He's been investigating her."

Lora didn't speak. She just watched and waited.

"Let's talk about the other victims first." Sam's gaze darted to Lora, then back to Kenton. "We'll come back to the cops."

That didn't sound good.

One of Sam's brows rose. "Did you know that Tom Hatchen was arrested eight months ago for domestic violence?"

"No." Kenton's immediate reply.

Lora blinked and remembered a small woman, with short black hair, staring up at the blazing remains of that garage. Her face had been dazed and blank with shock.

Sam licked her lips. "His arrest was right there, nice and pretty for me to see in the system." Her gaze darted to Kenton.

"Then why wasn't the guy locked up?" Lora demanded. If Pete had arrested him...

"Because his wife changed her story. After two days, she withdrew her complaint, even though she had a broken arm, a broken jaw, and a dislocated collarbone."

Well, damn. "Okay, so the guy was an ass**le, what does that have to do with Phoenix deciding to attack him?" She scanned the agents, trying to gauge everyone's reaction. Was she missing something?

Monica wasn't looking up. Her gaze was on the file that Sam had given her. She scanned through the pages quickly.

Kenton's gaze was up and on Sam. "What about Skofield?" he asked.

"Charlie Skofield was paralyzed in a car accident a year ago." Sam took a breath. "The other driver-she was killed on impact. Skofield-"

"Had been drinking," Lora finished. Right. She'd already told this to Kenton. There'd been no missing the stench of Charlie's breath as he'd slurred and said "The bitch c-came out of nowhere, h-hit me..."

"When I started digging into Skofield's past," Sam continued, "I found more arrests for DUI. Some dating back years." A faint frown pulled her brows low. "His license was already suspended when he hit the other driver. He should never have been on the road."

Lora blinked. The tension in the room had ratcheted up, too high.

"And then you have Louis Jerome... a known drug dealer. A guy who seemed to slip right through the system, because he knew how to make deals with the Feds."

Louis Jerome. The poor bastard that they'd found dead in a closet.

"That kid-" Ramirez stabbed a finger toward Sam. "Michael Randall, he'd done time for arson."

"No." Lora shook her head. This one, she knew. Randall had never set foot in a cell. "He was mentally unstable. He got sent for counseling at Meadows Rehab."

"But a young girl died in the fire he set," Sam said. "And if Randall hadn't been a minor, maybe he would have seen the inside of a prison."

Maybe. Maybe not. Randall had been sick.

"Wait a minute." Kenton's eyes narrowed, and then he reached forward and started searching through the pile of papers. "The transcript from his call. I need that damn transcript."

Monica leafed through the papers with him.

Lora waited, her hands starting to sweat.

"Here!" Kenton yanked up some stapled pages. "He told us... The weak die. The fire burns. She kills. She judges the wicked." Kenton exhaled on a hard breath. "She judges. He was f**king telling us, and I didn't even see it."

"Well, call me blind, but I don't see it." Okay, wait, maybe she did. Tom and Charlie-they'd committed crimes. Jennifer, too, from the sound of things, and everyone knew about Michael Randall. So... Lora sat straight in her chair. The vics had all broken the law, and yet-

"They got away with it." Monica glanced at the photos, her stare lasering in on them, one at a time. "His victims-Jennifer, Tom, Charlie, Jerome, and Randall. Even Larry-they all got away with crimes. The cops didn't punish them. Those people didn't pay for what they did."

"The fire judged them." Kenton ran a hand over the back of his neck. "That bastard was telling us everything."

"She judges the wicked," Monica quoted.

Lora rubbed her temple. "You're telling me this guy is punishing these people? Because they didn't go to jail, he's burning them?"

"No." A quick negative shake of Monica's head. "Not him. The fire is judging. I think-" She dove into her suitcase, pulling up more papers. "He's even giving them a chance to survive. He calls the fire department and tells them-you-where to go." Her words came faster. "If-if the victim is saved..."

"Hasn't happened yet," Ramirez pointed out.

"Then the fire lets him rise from the ashes. It's..." Monica's lips twisted in a humorless smile, "judgment by fire."

Kenton nodded, obviously following Monica's line of thought. "Fucking biblical."

Lora leapt to her feet. "This isn't God! This is some nut job out there who is burning people alive! Doesn't matter who these people are or what they did, he's still killing them!"

Monica raised a brow. "It matters to him."

"My people are getting hurt." Her nails bit into her palms. "Carter never hurt anyone. Never. And Wade-he's barely more than a kid. These fires aren't just set to kill the victims, they're set to trap the rescuers, to trap us." Last night, he'd come after her directly. She hadn't hurt anyone. Hadn't broken any damn laws. She didn't need to be judged.

Least of all by a psychotic pyro.

"They're a challenge, don't you see?" Monica's eyes locked on her. "He wants to prove the firefighters can't beat his fire. He's stronger. Smarter. The flame can't be stopped, and when fire judges, no matter what, the guilty are punished."

"This is insane." Lora shoved away from the table and started pacing-long, fast strides. "If he's going after folks who've broken the law..." The words ripped out. "What have I done?" She swung around to face Sam. "I haven't killed. I haven't sold drugs or slapped some poor woman around. I haven't done anything wrong!"

"I think maybe..." Monica's voice came slower. "You've committed the worst sin in his eyes."

"The hell she has." Kenton's low snarl of fury.

Monica's watchful gaze drifted between them. "You're trying to stop his judgments, Lora."

His judgments? Screams echoed in her ears.

Her screams.

"Lora..."

She flinched.

Kenton was there, in front of her and staring at her with worried eyes.

She pushed past him, shaking her head. She needed to get out. To breathe. Lora had to get away from those pictures on the table.

Her hand slammed against the door, and she stormed out with her head down, ignoring Kenton's urgent call.

She wanted this damn nightmare over. Huffing, she pushed past the cops and rushed for the exit.

"Lora, Lora! Stop!"

Right at the glass door, with freedom within sight, she stopped. Her hands pressed against the metal bar, ready to push it open. Go. But she glanced back.

"You can't go alone." Kenton's jaw was clenched. "Come back, get some coffee, just-"

"There's something I have to do." Tension knotted her insides. Out. Go. A hard edge sharpened her senses.

"Then I'll go with you."

"I need to be alone, okay?" For this, she had to be.

"Lora, he's watching you."

Fuck him. Her hands slapped against the metal bar. The door opened, and hot air hit her in the face.

Breathe.

Yeah, she could still breathe, because she was alive. Others weren't that lucky.

"You don't have a car."

The slightly amused voice stopped her at the bottom of the steps. Lora swiped away a stupid tear that had fallen on her cheek.

"If you don't have a car," Ramirez's deep voice floated from behind her, "how are you planning to get out of here?"

She swallowed the lump in her throat but didn't glance back. "I thought I'd steal a patrol car."

His laugh came, quick and hard. She did look back then and saw that the darkness in his eyes had lightened a little. "You probably would," he murmured.

Hot-wiring was a talent that she'd picked up at sixteen, courtesy of Ben. The guy had been car crazy-which was probably why he owned two garages now.

"Or," Ramirez held up a set of keys, "you could take my car and let me come with you."

Those keys were tempting. Because when she'd stormed out, she hadn't exactly been thinking clearly. Just get away.

"I won't ask questions. You won't even know I'm with you." But he would be with her. A guard.

"Kenton sent you." Her protective custody.

No answer.

She turned and stared at the street before her, barely seeing the swirl of traffic and all the black-and-white cop cars. Behind her, Ramirez just waited. "If I tell you no, you're just going to follow me, aren't you?"

"Since you don't have a car, that followin' is gonna be real easy." Wait-was that a Texas drawl?

Lora sighed. "Fine. Come on, but I'm driving."

He jumped down the steps and tossed the keys her way.

She snatched them out of the air.

"Fair enough." Dark eyes studied her. "Where we going?"

Her fingers tightened. "I thought you weren't asking questions."

"That was my only one."

Right.

"I need to see someone." She'd run because she had to talk to him. Kenton-Kenton was overwhelming her. She couldn't see past him sometimes. She didn't know what the future held, and the past was starting to get so blurry.

She pressed the unlock button on the key chain. A black sedan flashed its lights. "Don't worry, he's not too far away," she told him, but the words were such a lie. He'd gotten farther away every day.

Kenton watched them through the glass. Lora and Jon climbed into the car. Lora was driving. Figured. And Jon, well, it was odd, but the guy was almost smiling.

The sedan pulled away from the curb.

"It's a real bitch when the case gets personal, isn't it?" Luke Dante murmured.

Kenton ran a hand over his face and turned to study the blond agent. "Yeah, it is." He tried to push back the fury. "I want him stopped."

Luke's lips curled. "Nah, what you want is him dead. But we're the good guys, so we're not supposed to actually say that, are we?" His green eyes were a little too knowing.

The guy had been spending way too much time with Monica. "I don't need to be profiled." Kenton stalked back into Interrogation.

Of course, Luke followed him. "Why not? Sounds to me like that's exactly what Phoenix has done to you."

That froze him.

"He's found your weak spot," Luke continued. "He's taunting you with it, with her. Putting her in danger-not killing her, because that would end the game, but letting you know that if he wanted, he could get to her."

Kenton's stare met Monica's. Her eyes had widened just a bit when she heard Luke's voice.

Kenton took a deep breath and shoved the image of tear-filled golden eyes from his mind. Focus. Control. He'd seen Monica do this dozens of time. Bring on the ice. Think about the case. Ignore the emotion.

Sometimes, it was so damn hard to put on the mask.

Kenton cleared his throat. "So our vics," except for the firefighters, "were criminals." Maybe not convicted, but the perp had still known. How? That was question one. How had the guy known the people were guilty?

The door closed behind him with a soft click. He glanced at the faces around him. No emotion showed on Monica's calm face, but Sam appeared to be teetering on the edge, struggling to hold her calm. Luke... ah, that guy was a puzzle. Sometimes he seemed wild on the outside, almost careless, but his real problem was that he cared too much.

Maybe it was a good thing that Lora was gone. He wouldn't have been able to tell her this part anyway.

"I think we all know," he said quietly, "that some cops can go bad."

Sam flinched.

"The arresting officer," for those who had been arrested, "I want his name. I want the names of all the officers involved in these cases." Someone wanting justice? Yeah, that sure sounded like a cop to him. If the system fails, sometimes, you have to take justice into your own hands.

"Th-there's one name that came up a few times." Sam's voice was soft, but clear. "He was on the scene of Skofield's drunk-driving accident, and he arrested Tom Hatchen."

"Who."

"Peter Malone."

Malone? Fuck. "He was right here." In this very room. "When I questioned Larry Powell, he was right here." And wasn't it damn easy to eliminate a witness when you knew everything about the guy?

Three connections.

"Malone also busted Jerome a few years back, when he was working Vice."

Four.

And they'd assigned the guy the task of digging into the victims' lives. They'd wanted Malone to find the connection between them-when he was the f**king connection.

Kenton's fingers slowly unclenched. "Let's get him in here." It was time for the cop to sit on the other side of the table.

They stopped at the old wrought-iron gates of the cemetery. Lora hated this place. When she'd been younger, her mother had brought her here for every holiday. They'd come with red roses and her mother had put them on her father's grave even as the tears trickled down her cheeks.

Christmas. Valentine's. Birthdays.

"You can watch me from the car." She killed the engine. "But don't even think about following me any closer."

Ramirez didn't say anything as she jumped out and slammed the door behind her.

It was hot in Virginia at this time of the year, so why were goosebumps rising on her arms? She hurried past the gate and heard the groan of the iron when her shoulder brushed against the metal.

In moments, she was beneath the big oak and sheltered under its wide branches. She stopped there and stared down at him.

Carter smiled back at her. He was dressed in his uniform and a wide grin curved his lips. Frozen forever in that picture, he looked perfect, young, happy.

The stupid tears came back, and she hated crying. Tears didn't change anything. Never would.

"I'm sorry, Carter." Her whisper came on a sigh. He'd been her best friend. From the day she'd walked into station number eleven, he'd been there with his easygoing grin and laughing blue eyes. They'd been friends for so long, then slipped into being lovers. She'd loved him. No, the feelings hadn't been wild and desperate, but there had been love. He knew it. He'd died knowing it.

But now, when she closed her eyes, she didn't see Carter anymore.

She saw Kenton.

And that scared the hell out of her.

Because it forced her to accept that Carter was gone. It had taken some time, some long nights, but her heart was finally realizing that fact.

"We're going to stop him, Carter. We're going to catch the bastard, and he won't hurt anyone else." A teardrop fell onto her clenched hands. "I-I miss you."

Silence.

The rustle of leaves.

Nothing more.

Lora realized that there wasn't anything else to say.

Her shoulders straightened as she headed back to the vehicle. Ramirez watched her through his window.

"No questions." She climbed in beside him.

His fingers drummed on the dashboard.

Lora cranked the engine and shot the car into reverse.

"Once upon a time..." His voice came, without inflection, easy as you please. "The woman I loved went into a bank. When she came out, a man had a knife at her throat."

She slammed on the brakes and stared at him.

He didn't look at her.

"He'd robbed the bank, but I bet you figured that." His fingers drummed again. "I was the sniper. They-they put me on the roof, with orders to take him out. I looked through my scope, I saw her, and I hesitated."

"Jon..."

"I could have taken the shot and blown the ass**le's brains right out, but I wasn't expecting her." There was still no inflection in his voice. "I hesitated, and he slit her throat. Her mouth was open, I saw her lips move-she said my name. The last thing she ever said was my name."

Lora sucked in a breath. "What did you do?"

"I put a bullet between his eyes." His fingers stopped drumming. "I took that f**king shot." He turned his head and his eyes met hers. "But she was still dead." A long sigh eased from him. "We can put a damn gun to our heads and pull the trigger and get in that grave with them, if that's what we really want."

She'd never wanted that.

"Or we can keep living. We can try to find something worth living for."

"What do you live for?" she asked him, almost afraid to find out.

But he just smiled, a sad, twisted smile, and she knew there'd be no answer to that question.

"You were living for revenge, weren't you, Spade?" he tossed out instead. "But that doesn't keep you warm at night, does it?"

"I don't want to crawl into the grave." The cemetery waited in front of her. "But I just... I don't want that pain again."

"Ah, babe, don't you get it? There's always pain. That's how you know you're living."

Maybe. But why did living have to hurt? "I'm not scared of fire. I'm not scared of putting my life on the line." She did it every day, yet in the quiet of the car, she found that she could be brutally honest with this stranger as she said, "But I'm scared to death of Kenton."

Silence. Then he asked, "Are you really scared of him, or of yourself?"

I'm scared of the way I feel. She was losing control. Getting in too deep. Caring too much.

What if he just walked away? When the case was over, would he just go back to his job in D.C. and leave her behind?

I'm scared of myself.

Lora checked the road. She didn't speak but she did start driving.

Monica waited until Kenton had left the Interrogation room before she crept closer to Sam. "Are you all right?"

Sam gave a quick nod. "Fine."

No, the woman was really far from fine. "You don't have to be here. We can work this case without you. We have enough manpower."

"It's my job." Intensity filled her words. "I can do my job. I will do my job."

Monica wished Hyde had talked to her about this first. No way was Sam ready to be back in the field.

Sam inched away. "If you're worried about me messing up-"

"I'm not." Breaking, splintering beyond repair, that was more of a worry.

"Don't be," Sam said, rolling right over the words, her voice trembling. "I made a mistake before, but it won't happen again."

A mistake? "You didn't make a mistake, Sam. You didn't do anything wrong."

"I won't lower my guard." Sam's arm brushed back, revealing the butt of her weapon. "I'll do my job."

It was more than just the job. "If you want to talk-"

Sam headed for the door. "I don't."

Monica stared after her. Way too soon. Couldn't Hyde see? Sam was falling apart on the inside. She didn't need the job right now. She needed to heal.

Luke filled the doorway. His green eyes locked on hers and heated. He stepped inside the room, but he left the door open as he walked toward her.

"I-I'm worried about Sam." She kept her voice low.

He gave a nod. "Me, too. That's why I tagged along." His hand lifted and skimmed lightly down her arm. "One of the reasons."

An innocent touch. If someone at the station saw it, it could be explained or ignored.

But her blood heated and her breath caught, because there was nothing innocent between them, and there never had been.

"I'm not working this case. I'm not on duty at all," he told her, and she knew it was because Hyde had rules for them. She and Luke couldn't be partners, not in the field.

Away from the field, there was no one else she wanted.

"I've missed you, baby." His hand rose to her cheek and brushed back her hair.

She'd missed him.

His head dipped toward hers.

Voices rose from the hallway.

She wanted to rise onto her toes and press her lips against his. Right then, there was nothing Monica wanted more.

But eyes and ears were everywhere.

"Tonight," she promised him as she put her hand on his chest.

He gave the slightest of nods. "Tonight, you're mine."

And he'd be hers.

Seth MacIntyre shoved open the front door of the station. He glanced around quickly and then his gaze zeroed in on Kenton.

Kenton's brows climbed as the arson investigator hurried toward him.

"Who's that?" Sam asked, her voice quiet.

"Arson investigator." He'd been waiting for Seth to come with his report. "Tell me you've got something on that fire."

But Seth shook his head. "Not damn much. The guy is good."

They had to be better.

Seth handed Kenton a file. Seth's long-sleeved shirt was wrinkled and stained with some dark soot. His hair stood up at odd angles, and his eyes were bloodshot. Yeah, it definitely looked like the guy had pulled an all-nighter at the scene. The scent of smoke clung to him as Seth said, "He used gasoline as the accelerant this time."

So Lora had already told him.

"But I don't-" Seth broke off, looking at Sam. "Uh, is it okay to talk with-"

"This is Special Agent Samantha Kennedy," Kenton said with a nod toward her. "From now on, she hears everything about the case. And, Sam, you're looking at Seth MacIntyre, county arson investigator."

Seth inclined his head toward her as he cleared his throat. "I just... the way this fire was set... I don't think the guy was going for a kill." He rubbed the back of his neck. "This perp knows his fire, knows which accelerants to use, knows how to set the scene for optimum heat burst and explosion. If he'd wanted to burn Lora's house, he could have poured the gasoline to connect with her gas system or hooked it to spark with the electric line."

"But he didn't." The fire had been circling her house.

"He made a path with the accelerant. One that would burn tight, but not explode."

Lora had thought that the guy was just playing with her, and Seth was just confirming her theory. One deadly game.

"I'm sorry I don't have more." Seth's shoulders dropped. "No sign of an incendiary device. I'd hoped like hell to find more at the scene." His lips tightened.

Kenton had been hoping for a lot more, too.

"But-but one of the guys from my team said he read in the paper that you've got a witness, right?" Excitement flickered in Seth's gaze. "Did someone come forward who saw him at one of the scenes? Tell me you're about to take this bastard down."

Not quite. "We're following up on a few leads right now," Kenton allowed carefully. "We've found a connection between the victims." Kenton figured he could say that much. Now, where was Peter Malone? He needed to talk to the detective ASAP. An officer was supposed to be checking on him, but damn, how long did it take to find one cop?

"A connection?" Seth's gaze darted between him and Sam. "What kind of connection? I never saw a link. I looked through the victims' files-"

"This link was a bit harder to find." But not impossible to discover. At least, not if you knew how to slide into prison files and arrest records on a cyber trail.

And, in the case of Jennifer Langley, not if you could find someone willing to talk about some dark deeds.

"Is Lora connected to them?" Seth ran a hand through his hair. "I can't believe he went after one of our own!"

"He's been going after firefighters for a while." One of our own. The phrase stuck in his head. "Seth, what did you do before you became the arson investigator?"

He straightened a bit. "I was a firefighter at the station on Bringham."

"With Lora?"

A ghost of a smile lifted his lips. "Uh, yeah. I worked there until I transferred to arson."

Of course the guy had been a firefighter, but he hadn't thought the man had worked with Garrison's current crew. "Why'd you leave?"

The smile faded away. "I couldn't do the job anymore." Seth's gaze fell, and so did Kenton's.

The limp. Shit. Right.

"You were injured on the job?" The soft question was Sam's.

Seth exhaled, hard, and the fingers of his right hand went to his long shirt sleeve. He rolled up the material with quick movements of his hand. "You could say that."

The flesh was smooth, tanned at first. Then...

Rough. Red. Twisted and raised.

He rolled up the other sleeve. That arm was scarred the same way. Christ.

"Got caught in a building collapse. My leg was pinned, broken, the bone breaking out of the skin." Seth shrugged his shoulders. "My arms really aren't so bad. My back... it's much worse."

"How'd you get out?" Sam asked. She'd barely escaped death herself. Actually, she hadn't escaped. For a few precious seconds, death had held her in his grasp.

Seth swallowed and looked away. He began to tug his left sleeve down, in hard, angry moves. "Carter Creed hauled me out. He found me and pulled me out of there when I figured I was as good as dead. I was screaming and choking on smoke and flames."

Kenton glanced at Sam and saw her lips tremble.

Seth rolled his shoulders. "Two years later, I'm here, and he's in the ground. Life can be a real bitch sometimes." His eyes lifted. "I am working this case. Lora might not think I'm trying but I am. I got my whole department on board with me. We're not stopping, not until this is over."

The faint lines around Seth's eyes tightened as he stared at Kenton. "I meant what I said last night. Carter Creed was a hero. He didn't deserve to die in that fire, and if it's the last thing I do, I'm gonna repay my debt to him."

Carter. "So you're a fan of his, but not hers." Seth's earlier words still rang in his ears. She's using you, man... She's done it before. You're not him.

No, he wasn't Carter.

"No, that's not..." Seth shook his head fast. "I saw what she was like, after, and I know her." His dark stare glittered. "You met her days ago, but I've known her for years."

Kenton knew her, too, inside and out, and he didn't need this guy telling him about his lover.

He could feel Sam's stare on him but he didn't look her way. Not now. He kept Seth pinned with his gaze.

"Lora tries to forget sometimes." Seth licked his lips. "She hasn't learned yet that you can't forget."

Kenton remembered the first time that he'd had Lora in bed. Look at me. He'd never be a stand-in for a dead man.

No matter how much of a f**king hero the guy was.

"This isn't-I didn't come here to-"

"Special Agent Lake!"

He turned at the call and found a nervous-looking cop shouldering across the bullpen.

"I found Detective Malone," the cop called out. "He's gone to the Bringham fire station to talk to Garrison."

"We need to detain him, now." Kenton's phone rang, vibrating in his pocket. He yanked it out. "Lake."

"I thought you'd want to know," came Jon's easy voice. "Lora's on her way to the fire station. The captain called her, and she's gonna fill in for someone with food poisoning."

Lora was headed to the station. Malone was there. Shit. "Stay with her, and when you get there, don't let Detective Malone out of your sight."

Because all these puzzle pieces were lining up. And right in the middle, like a big giant X, was the fire station on Bringham.

"I'll meet you in twenty, Jon," Kenton told him. He spun away from Seth and Sam and hurried toward Captain Lawrence's office. He knocked first, barely, then pushed inside. "I'm gonna need your personnel reports."

The captain looked up at him. "The hell you-"

He'd left the door open because he didn't care who overheard them. Twenty minutes. No time to waste. "You know how the Watchman case ended." He shook his head. "You really want that same shit on your doorstep?" Kenton's control was razor thin.

Silence filled the air behind him as those in the bullpen strained to hear.

The captain slowly stood up. "You're sayin' my men-"

"We're checking the firefighters. We're checking the cops." Not all of them. But there were some right at the top of the SSD's list. "And I want to start with Peter Malone." The detective seemed like a good guy, but appearances could be deceiving.

He knew that too well.

"Starting with him, but there'll be others." There always were.

Lawrence gave a jerky nod and walked toward the door. "I-I'll go to personnel."

"We'll go." He followed right on the captain's heels. "And we'll f**king hurry."

CHAPTER Fifteen

Lora had just stepped into the fire station when she heard Kenton's voice behind her. She turned around and saw him. The drumming of Lora's heart echoed in her ears even as she shoved her way past the guys who wanted to make sure she was all right.

"Lora, damn, woman," Garrison called out, "just slow-"

She almost slammed into Kenton.

He caught her, and his hands rose to lock around her arms. A furrow pulled down his brows. "Lora-"

"We need to talk." Right then.

But he shook his head. "I'm here to see Malone."

Malone? Pete?

"He's not here," Jon told him. "Garrison said the guy cut out before word came to detain him."

Lora's eyes widened. "Why do you want to detain Pete?"

Kenton leveled a stare at Jon. "Malone's father was a firefighter."

"Saul Malone wasn't just a firefighter," Lora said, blinking. "He was a damn great firefighter. He died in the line of duty while he was saving some kids back in the eighties."

But Jon's lips thinned, and his gaze didn't stray from Kenton. "Was he now?"

"When you call the station, talk to Monica," Kenton ordered. "Get her to bring you up to speed. And make sure the cops are searching this town for Detective Malone."

Kenton pushed Lora into the conference room, then slammed the door behind her. The little speech she'd prepared for him flew right out of her mind. "Pete? Are you suggesting Pete had something to do with this? Because, Kent, you're wrong. He-"

"How well do you know Peter Malone?"

Ah... she licked her lips and managed to hold his stare. "Well enough."

His eyes bored into hers. The air got real thick. "Shit. You've slept with him." His hand ran through his hair. "That was what Seth meant."

Seth? Great, so he'd been spreading gossip, but so what? She had a past. Big deal. "Before us, yeah, I did. He's a good guy."

"Fuck! Now I understand why you weren't worried about going over his head. You could do pretty much any damn thing, and he wouldn't get mad, right?"

She pulled back, stumbling away from him. "Whatever happened between me and Pete, it's over. I don't need to explain this to you."

"Oh, yeah, sweetheart, you do." He stalked forward. The back of her thighs bumped into the conference table.

Her chin lifted. "Have I asked you for a list of ex-lovers? Huh?"

"My lovers might not be involved in murders. Murders."

"Pete isn't involved. He's the cop investigating the case, for God's sake. Not some-"

"The guy investigating," he repeated, and she could hear the banked fury in the words. "The guy who happens to know about every single piece of evidence we've got. You think cops don't go bad?"

Pete wasn't just a cop, though. He was her friend.

"Did you sleep with him before Carter?" He fired the question at her. "Or after?"

She swallowed. What did this matter? "After." Three months after. The three-month anniversary. They'd just had one night.

"Who else?"

Her eyes narrowed.

"Someone you work with? You-"

She shoved him back and used enough force that he staggered. "Watch it, GQ."

His hands snaked out. He grabbed her and pulled her close. "Am I just another in a line for you? Never good enough, because I'm not him?"

The question blasted between them, and she sucked in a breath. Then...

Silence.

His eyes squeezed shut. "Christ, I shouldn't have said that."

"You're damn right you shouldn't have."

Kenton's eyelids lifted, and he stared at her. "I can't think when it comes to you. I'm not like this. I-" He took a breath. "From the beginning, I was lost when it came to you."

Her own breath rasped out. "And you think I wasn't?" Was the man blind? "I wasn't ready for you. Hell, I still don't think I am, but when we're together... lost, yeah, that pretty much sums up the way I feel."

"Lora." No man had ever said her name like that. Like it was breath. Life.

"You're not a stand-in for anyone." That first night... "I wanted to forget. I tried with Pete." She'd be brutally honest because he deserved that. "It didn't work. The next day, I just felt..." Dirty. Ashamed. "Empty. Then I met you. From that first moment..." Jeez, she'd punched him. The heat had surrounded them, and she'd struggled to get him out of that fire. "You got to me."

His gaze seemed to bore into her, and there was so much heat and intensity in his eyes.

"The more I'm with you..." This was what she'd needed to tell him. "The more I want you, Kent." Stark truth. "I'm not using you to forget anyone or anything, because when I'm with you, I can't remember anything else." And that was her shame. That was why she'd gone to the cemetery.

To say good-bye.

"This isn't me. I'm not the jealous type, not possessive, not-" His head lowered toward her. "I can't even think of the case. Just you." His lips skated over hers. "Just you, and when I think of you with someone else..." His breath blew over her cheek. "This isn't me."

Maybe it was just him without all the fancy trappings.

"Carter was my best friend for seven years. I worked with him, day in and day out. He saved my ass. I saved his." As she spoke, Kenton watched her. "Then we became lovers, and I loved him."

His body was so still.

"Everything with him was so simple. Dating, becoming involved." No fear. No uncertainty. Not with easygoing Carter. She'd always known how he felt and always known that he was there for her.

Then he'd been gone.

"You're not easy," she told him and meant it. "You drive me crazy. You make me want you so much that I want to scream." Her fingers wrapped around his shoulders. "But it's not easy. It's scary and wild, and I don't know what to expect next."

He caught her hips and lifted her up. Kenton set her down on the edge of that long table. "You're the kind of woman who can make a man beg."

"I don't want you to beg." She held his gaze. "I just want you."

His fingers tunneled under her hair. He tipped her head back, and he kissed her. His tongue thrust into her mouth, and it was what she wanted.

He was what she wanted.

Kenton pushed between her legs. She pressed closer and tightened her mouth on him. The kiss took. Claimed.

Hers. Because she was the possessive type, and Kenton was most definitely hers. She knew it, deep inside. Her sex moistened for him. Her ni**les ached, and she wanted him. It didn't matter where they were or who waited down the hallway.

Dark need. Hot passion. Wild with him, always wild.

He might say she tempted him and pushed him past his careful reserve, but he drove her right to the edge.

And made her want more.

So much more.

She grabbed his hips and arched closer against him. Lora opened her mouth wider, and her tongue slid against his.

His left hand smoothed down her body and paused over her racing heart. His fingers feathered over her br**sts, and his touch made the flesh ache even more.

"I want you naked." His words, but they could have been hers. "I want you alone," he whispered as his lips hovered just above her mouth. "I want you spread out on the bed. And I want to make a f**king feast of you."

Oh, okay, wow.

"When this is all over, I want you to come with me. Just us. A few days at my cabin. You and me-no killers. No past. Us."

That sounded so good, but she didn't want to wait that long. She wanted him, now.

His lips pressed against her throat, just under her right ear, that spot that made heat pool between her legs. The spot that made her quiver and moan.

He'd learned her body well.

Her hands slid down his chest. Moving down, down until her fingers rubbed over his arousal.

"Lora."

And she'd learned his body.

"I want you..." he told her. "More than I've ever wanted anyone." His admission had her heart racing faster.

Voices rose outside.

A radio blared.

Her hands stilled on him.

His scent was around her. His strength and his flesh. She needed so much more.

But she wouldn't get it. Not yet. Not here.

"I'm trading days and working the shift tonight." She took a breath and swore she tasted him. "I'm off at 7:00 A.M."

Kenton's head lifted. His pupils were big, dark, and full of need.

Her hands pushed him back, and she eased off the table. "Pick me up then." She stood on her toes and skimmed her lips over his jaw. "And you can have me ten minutes later."

His body hardened. "Aw, damn."

She smiled, took a breath, and then made her hands free him. "But until then, you've got a killer to catch." One who was making her life hell. "So go get the bastard."

He eased back, but he kept his stare on her, and Lora's knees trembled. Her panties were wet-no big surprise. She wanted him driving that c**k deep. She wanted to scream, and she wanted to come, and she didn't want to care about who would hear her.

Control, oh, it was weak.

But Kenton took another step back. Maybe his control was better.

"The case..." He stopped, cleared his throat, and tried again, "The case is hitting close to home."

Pete. "You're wrong about Pete. Just like you were wrong about Garrison. When you find him, Pete will clear this situation up." Her voice was husky. Hell, she sounded as if she'd just gotten out of bed. No, as if she wanted to get into bed. "He's not the kind of guy you're looking for. He's not-"

"Any man can kill." His stare swept over her. "Sometimes, all you need is the right motivation." Then he turned and reached for the door.

The safe house was out of his kill zone and out of the reach of the Bringham fire station. Ah, deliberate, that. The Feds had obviously noticed his play area and mapped it out.

Maybe they thought that they were being smart by hiding the witness here, where he didn't like to hunt.

They were wrong.

He lifted his binoculars and watched the house. The two guys on the front stoop, leaning back so nice and easy, had to be cops.

Did they think he was stupid?

His fingers tightened around the plastic. They'd stashed the witness in a classic one-story house. Five windows lined the front of the house, and he figured that there had to be at least two exits.

How many cops were inside?

How many folks would have to die in order for him to take out Bob Kyle? And yes, he knew that was the ass**le's name. Thanks to his contact, he knew everything about Kyle.

The guy had lived a f**king wasted life. A life that would end today.

Outside his range? His lips curled. No. No one was outside his reach.

He measured the roof and saw the weak patches. He could start the fire there, let it blaze and burn, but he had to make certain Kyle was trapped. No more mistakes.

He'd started to become sloppy because he was having so much fun. And to think, it had begun as a job. Someone had needed to step up to the plate. He'd stepped.

A small movement on the side of the house caught his eye. Something was-

A window opened. A leg shot out. Then an arm. A few seconds later, a guy fell to the ground, hitting hard.

Laughter spilled from him as he watched.

Sonofabitch.

He wouldn't have to go after Kyle.

The guy stumbled to his feet and ran for the alley. The cops on the stoop never even glanced back at him.

No, he wouldn't have to burn the house around the bastard. The witness had just made the game much easier.

He tossed the binoculars onto the seat of his borrowed car. Not the pickup this time, just in case old Kyle had seen it. With a flick of his wrist, he cranked the engine. He knew where that alley led.

And knew exactly where to find his prey.

Kenton straightened his jacket as he stalked down the narrow hallway. He could still feel Lora on him. Her br**sts, pressing against him. Her sex-sweet hell-right over his cock. Her lips skimming along his jaw...

His arousal pressed hard against the front of his pants and he couldn't do a damn thing about it.

Seven A.M. couldn't come fast enough for him.

His phone vibrated. He tugged it out of his pocket and winced a bit. Monica. Kenton answered the call immediately. "You got Malone?" He didn't want her to start the interrogation until he was there. "Hold off until-"

"Malone's not answering his phone. We sent a unit out to his house, but he wasn't there."

Dammit.

"All units are searching for him," Monica said, but there was something in her voice, a tension skirting under the words that told him she was worried. "But we've got another problem."

When Monica worried, it wasn't just a problem, it was a big damn deal. "What is it?"

"Bob Kyle is missing."

Kenton froze near the station's check-in desk. A banner waved over the door. We love our firefighters. The sign was filled with hearts and the oversized scrawl of schoolchildren. "Run that by me again." The guy was supposed to be safe. Lawrence had promised that he'd keep his best men on Bob.

All the cops on that team knew the order. Bob Kyle was to be protected.

Fuck, he was outside Phoenix's kill zone. His placement there had been a deliberate move to add extra security for Bob.

"Bob was in his bedroom. The cops thought he was sleeping." Her voice lowered. "Officer Daniels went to check on him, and he was gone."

"Phoenix?"

"The window was open. They think he left on his own."

Why? "What do you think?"

"I think Bob Kyle is a man with severe medical and emotional problems. I think he's been off his medication for a long time." A sigh. "I think we need to find him, right now, because I have a knot in my gut that's telling me this isn't going to end well."

When it came to Monica's instincts, he listened to them. "You already start the search?"

"Five minutes ago."

Malone and Bob missing? Hell, no, that wasn't a good sign. Kenton ended the call and rushed for the door. The uniforms were there. He'd arranged for them to take over Lora's watch. "Jon..."

The other agent glanced up at him.

"Our witness is gone."

"Fuck."

Yeah, that about summed things up.

As Bob Kyle staggered out of the liquor store, he lifted a bottle to his mouth. Liquid dropped down his chin and spilled on his clothes.

Figured. The guy needed his fix.

Where had he gotten money? Maybe from the cops. The idiots probably hadn't even noticed when he'd swiped it. Or maybe they'd given it to him. Payment for ratting him out.

Kyle staggered down the street, drinking, guzzling as fast as he could.

Phoenix followed him. Not too close. Though it probably wouldn't have mattered. But, no, not too close. Not yet.

That guy was spilling booze all over himself. The bitter scent filled the air.

Kyle stumbled over the broken road and wandered back into the alley. And Phoenix followed.

The match rolled between his fingers. He wouldn't need an accelerant. The fool had provided it for him. Hell, he didn't even have to pour this time. Just light 'im and watch the fire burn.

Too easy.

"Cathy!" Kyle's bellow had him freezing, then glancing back over his shoulder. A scream like that would alert too many people. It was daylight, and cars were buzzing down the street.

Shit. Shit. Shit.

"Talk to me! Cathy, t-talk to me!"

What the hell? Was someone else with him?

Phoenix hurried his steps. Kyle had disappeared behind a garbage bin. A big, green, stinking bin.

Glass shattered.

Phoenix yanked off his cap and shoved it into his backpack. If this was some kind of trap, he wasn't falling for it.

"Comin' home... comin' home, C-Cathy..." Kyle mumbled. The words were so faint that he almost didn't catch them.

Then a gasp, choked off.

He hurried around the bin.

A gurgle rattled in the air and had him tensing. "Buddy, are you-"

Kyle's body shuddered as it slammed into the wall. Kyle's muddy eyes were open wide, with streaks of bloodshot red in the white. His hand was still at his throat, and he was still holding the broken bottle of whiskey that he'd shoved into his neck.

Blood poured down from the wound, soaking his shirt, mixing with the alcohol, and clogging the air.

The guy wheezed, twitched, and slid down to the ground. His eyes were still open.

Still looking right at him.

Some days, this shit was so easy.

Kyle's chest rose, then slowly fell. And the blood kept coming.

How long would the guy last? Not more than a few more minutes.

Guess he didn't have to worry about the witness anymore.

Phoenix reached into his bag and pulled out his cap. As he settled it on his head, he said, "You just saved me some trouble."

Kyle's lips moved, but no sound came out. Of course not, the guy had ripped his throat to hell. No way to scream now.

He pulled out his match.

That alcohol was strong. The thick stench of booze was stronger than the scent of blood.

Kyle only had a few minutes left, maybe not even that long.

"But I do like my fire, and since you've made it so easy..." He struck the match on the brick wall above his prey and watched that little flame flare to life.

Then he smiled and dropped it into the pool of whiskey right between Bob Kyle's legs.

He jumped back as the flames shot up, catching Kyle, and greedily following the trail of that booze. The fire blazed right up his soaked chest and right over his skin.

For a moment, he just watched and enjoyed that sweet burn.

Kenton paced inside the safe house. He glared at the plainclothes cops who'd been on duty. "You're telling me the guy just walked out of here?"

The short cop with the thinning red hair jerked his thumb toward the window. "Climbed out. Man, we were here to keep him safe, not to keep him locked in. I didn't know he was a runner!"

"The man is schizophrenic, just back on his meds. He could have done anything." Kenton clenched his teeth and gritted out, "And Officer Daniels, you knew that. I briefed you myself."

The guy's eyes dropped as he glanced down at the floor.

Dammit! "We've got to find him. Now." Before Bob disappeared for good. Either of his own volition, vanishing into the streets-the guy had to know places to hide in this city. Or if Phoenix happened to find him, well, then he'd be disappearing into the flames.

No, his identity was protected. Phoenix couldn't know.

But Malone had known about Bob Kyle. Half a precinct full of cops had known. They'd all been there when he was brought in and put in Interrogation.

"We've got cruisers searching the streets." Not from Daniels. These words came from the other cop there. The guy with the thin, craggy features and the direct gaze. "We're combing the streets, sir. We're gonna find him." He sounded confident.

If only.

"Has anyone checked the train yard?" Kenton asked as he rubbed the back of his neck. That was across town, but maybe-

"Kenton." Jon stood in the doorway. "We think we found Bob."

"Thank Christ. All right, let's get him secured, set up in a new house, and-"

But Jon just shook his head, and the hard punch in Kenton's gut told him the news wasn't going to be good.

The stench hit him. Even before Kenton rounded the corner and crossed into the dark alley, the smell had already clogged his nostrils.

A uniform ran out of those dim recesses. His shaking hand covered the lower half of his ashen face. The cop took two steps away from the alley entrance and vomited.

Dammit.

Kenton's shoulders stiffened as he hurried forward.

Monica appeared before him as she skirted around a garbage bin. "We're going to need dental records to determine for sure..."

An image of Kyle, shaking at the Interrogation table, flashed through his mind. Where's Cathy?

Kenton stalked forward and gazed over the tech's shoulder.

Christ.

His eyes squeezed shut for a moment. Another image he wouldn't be forgetting anytime soon.

Fuck.

"I think it's safe to assume that we're looking at Phoenix's work." Monica's voice was as cool as you please. They were standing over a body that had been savaged to hell and back, cops were puking all around them, and the woman sounded as if she was talking about the weather.

Control. He was supposed to have it.

Monica's hand brushed against his arm. "Kenton, are you okay?" Her question was whisper quiet so the others wouldn't hear. She'd never let a team member look weak.

He opened his eyes and stared into her blue gaze. How do you do it? His lips pressed together, and he bit back the question.

Monica had worked some of the most gruesome cases out there. She'd nearly lost her lover to the last killer they'd tracked, but she still did the job. Day in and day out, she got into the minds of killers.

And, somehow, she stayed sane.

More than that, she acted like the killers never touched her.

"Kenton?" Worry threaded her voice.

"He f**king slaughtered him, Monica." Bob Kyle hadn't deserved this. No one did. Kyle had gotten one raw deal after another. Losing his wife, losing his mind...

Now his life.

"We're going to get Phoenix," she promised. But he was tired of talking about catching the freak.

He wanted him locked behind bars, thrown so far into a hellhole jail that he'd never see daylight.

And never hurt anyone again.

He swung away from the body. Can't see it anymore. There was a red fire extinguisher on the ground, lying just a few feet away. A tech snapped pictures of it. Somebody had tried to help Kyle.

Too little, far too late.

"You're sure it was this man?" Jon asked, and Kenton's eyes glanced toward him. He had a photo in his hand, had to be of Kyle, and he was flashing it to a jittery-looking guy in shorts.

"H-he was in my s-store... bought wh-whiskey."

Kyle had left the safe house to get booze?

Kenton bent, stooping under the yellow police tape, and hurried toward the guy talking to Jon. "Kyle paid for the whiskey? He didn't steal it?"

"P-paid with a twenty." The guy-in his early fifties with graying hair and a grizzled goatee-swallowed a couple of times. "I was taking a cig break and saw the smoke."

"Mr. Dumont here grabbed his fire extinguisher and raced over," Jon explained.

"Th-thought garbage was on fire." He took a deep breath, fumbled, and yanked out a cigarette. "Didn't expect to see no person." He flashed his lighter, sparking the flame, and he lit the tip of the cigarette with trembling fingers. "Jesus f**king Christ, I can still smell him."

Not like it was a smell you could easily forget. "Mr. Dumont, when you came into the alley, did you see anyone else?"

"I-I just saw the fire, man." Dumont took a long drag on his cigarette. "Somebody else could have been there-fuck if I know-I just saw the fire." That cigarette was burning down fast.

"When the victim was in the store," Kenton pressed, "was he alone? Did you see anyone with him?"

Dumont gave a hard shake of his head. "Nah, nah, he was alone." The cigarette dangled from his nicotine-stained fingertips. "If-if that's him, in the alley, something was wrong with him." His eyes skated to the alley, then back to the agents.

"Wrong?"

Dumont nodded. "Yeah, uh, he kept talkin' to himself. Callin' for some broad named Cathy."

Kenton exhaled. "Did he say anything else?"

"Just-just that he wanted to go home." Ash dropped to the ground. "He said he was goin' home to Cathy."

Kenton glanced back at the alley. It looked as if Kyle was home now. And God willing, maybe he was even with his Cathy.

"What kind of freak would do this shit?" Dumont's lips twisted in disgust. "That poor bastard."

Kenton nodded curtly and turned away from the witness. That "poor bastard" hadn't deserved to go out that way. He pulled out his phone and called Sam. She answered on the second ring, and he could hear the voices rising behind her at the police station. "Sam, any sign of Malone?"

"No." Her sigh rustled over the line. "The cops are patrolling for him but-"

"But maybe they're not looking hard enough." His fingers tightened on the phone. Malone was one of their own, and sometimes, cops didn't like to think a brother in blue could be a criminal.

If the cops couldn't find him, Kenton would. And if he had to, he'd rip apart the town.

CHAPTER Sixteen

Monica Davenport kept her shoulders back and her pace slow and steady as she walked toward the hotel off Highway 180.

If there was anything she'd learned in her life, it was that you could never be too careful. Someone was always watching. Always.

Her hand was rock steady as she slid the keycard into the lock. The light flashed green. She walked inside. Dark. Just the faintest hint of sunlight fell through the blinds.

The bathroom door opened and spilled light into the room. Wisps of steam drifted into the air, and he was there. Chest wet, muscles gleaming, a white towel knotted around his waist.

When he saw her, he tensed and his eyes narrowed. "Monica? What happened?"

She dropped her bag and kicked the door closed. Shaking her head, Monica went to him. She didn't give a damn about her clothes getting wet when she wrapped her arms around him and held tight. She just needed him. "We found Bob Kyle." So Luke wasn't officially working the case. He still knew every detail. Luke had made a point of knowing every detail.

His arms closed around her. "How bad?"

She took a quick breath. "One of the worst I've seen." Holding it together, staring at that body, guiding the crime techs-so hard. She'd just wanted to turn away. To close her eyes and pretend that she didn't see him.

She was in the FBI to stop shit like that. Seeing it made her gut clenched. "He was sick. He didn't deserve... hell, he couldn't even tell us what Phoenix looked like." Kyle had needed help.

He'd gotten-no, she didn't want to think about what he'd gotten.

Luke's fingers came up under her chin, and he gently tipped back her head. "How did Phoenix get to him?"

She licked her lips. "He-Kyle ran from the safe house." Because the demons had driven him out. Going back on the meds, the new environment, the cops around him-it had been too much for him. He'd broken. She'd worried he would. Just hours before, she'd been talking to his VA doc in an attempt to get more help for Bob. "I think Phoenix must have been watching. He followed him." Phoenix found the perfect deserted spot, and he cut Bob's throat so the guy couldn't scream. Then Phoenix torched him.

How long had it taken Kyle to die?

Please not too long.

"The guy didn't even fit his pattern." Her gaze held his. "Kyle hadn't broken any laws. Hadn't hurt anyone."

No, he hadn't.

"His crime was being in the wrong place." Hardly something worth dying for. Her lips trembled, a tremble she'd never allow outside, in front of the others.

She was the cold one. Ice. The Bitch.

She could take the cases, take on the killers, and not flinch.

On the outside.

But with Luke, here, just the two of them, she didn't have to pretend. He was the only one to see past the mask.

He'd always seen.

Monica rose onto her toes and caught the back of his head with her hands. She kissed him, hard and deep, as she crushed her mouth to his.

His hands tightened on her. His body pressed against her. Every solid, strong inch reminded her that he was there. Real.

And she wasn't alone with the monsters anymore.

But the stench of death was on her, and she didn't want it coming between them.

Monica eased back and took a quick breath. "I need to-"

His eyes were so deep. "Let's wash it away."

Because he knew her.

He took her hand and led her into the steam-filled bathroom. This was a trick they used after their cases. They tried to wash away the memories of death.

The trick didn't really work, though. Nothing could wash them away. But she didn't like touching him when death had been so close to her hands.

Luke twisted the shower knob. When the water poured down, he dropped his towel.

Her fingers lifted and went to work on the buttons of her shirt.

"No, let me..." Gruff voice, gentle hands.

Carefully, so carefully, he stripped off her shirt and tossed it to the floor.

Instinct led Kenton back to Lora's house. Yellow caution tape sectioned off the property. The sides of her white house were scorched black, and the lower windows had shattered.

When he closed his eyes, he could still see Lora flying from that fire.

And when he opened his eyes, he could see the man edging slowly around the right side of her house.

Fuck.

Kenton took out his weapon and eased under the tape. The old adage was true-some perps just had to return to their crime scenes. Some got off on seeing the pain they'd stirred, while others came back because they were afraid they'd left evidence behind.

He wondered which reason had brought Detective Peter Malone back to the scene.

Watching his step and easing carefully past the broken glass, Kenton crept up on his prey.

Malone was bent low, and his gaze locked on the bottom of the house.

Kenton aimed his gun dead center at the detective's back. "Put your hands up, Malone. Nice and slow."

Malone stiffened. "What the-Lake?" He started to turn around.

"Hands up! I'd hate to put a bullet in you because you didn't listen." Lie. Right then, putting a bullet into the guy was a big temptation.

Malone's hands came up. He still faced the house.

"Keep 'em there." Kenton went in fast and took the guy's weapon. "Now turn around."

Malone turned slowly. "What the hell is going on here, Special Agent?"

Kenton stared back at the guy. "You tell me." He wouldn't let the fury break through, not yet.

"I'm searching the crime scene! What the hell does it look like I'm-"

"Why haven't you been answering your cell phone today, Malone?"

He blinked. "I don't-" He glanced down at his waist and the phone secured to his belt. "The battery must be dead."

Right. "Must be."

Malone's face flushed. "Stop pointing that damn gun at me!"

No. "Your men have been searching for you all morning."

"For me?" His brows shot up. "Why?"

"Because you're a person of interest in a homicide investigation."

"Bullshit." Malone dropped his hands.

Kenton shook his head. "You don't want to do that."

Those hands flew right back up. "Look, I don't know what's going on here but-"

"Bob Kyle is dead."

"What?"

"Kyle is dead, and your name has appeared in our investigation as a link between the victims."

Malone didn't speak, but his jaw fell a few inches.

"Why are you really here?" Kenton didn't let his gaze stray to Lora's house. "Did you come back for a souvenir?" Serials and their souvenirs-they always liked to collect keepsakes.

"Hell, no." Rage burned in Malone's words.

But Kenton's hadn't expected an instant confession. "I'm going to need you to come down to the station and answer some questions." Actually, he'd need a lot more than that.

"You're taking me in? You seriously think I'm a suspect here? This is bull-"

"Bullshit. Right. I got it the first time." Kenton kept his gun up. "But bullshit or not, you're coming in and you will answer the SSD's questions."

A muscle flexed along Malone's jaw.

"And by the way, is that your truck parked down on the corner?"

Malone gave a grudging nod.

Kenton smiled, and he knew it wasn't a pretty sight. "Thought so."

"Yo, guys-I think you'd better come in here!" Max's voice cut through the rattle of conversation in the conference room.

Lora glanced at Garrison. His bushy brows were pulled low, but he was already shoving back his chair and leading the way out of the room.

Everyone scrambled behind him. They hurried down the hall and crowded into the lounge, settling right in front of the big-screen TV.

Max hit the remote, and the volume screamed out.

"FBI agents are mum, but sources say this man is the latest victim of the arsonist who has made our city his playground." Elle Shaw's face filled the screen.

"What the hell?" Garrison demanded.

"Another one?" Lora whispered. "But we-we didn't get the call."

"The guy was lit. Not the scene, the guy." Max shook his head. "We couldn't have done a damn thing for him."

"They said that?" Lora shoved her finger at the TV. The cameraman had panned back to show the mouth of an alley and lines of yellow tape.

"Nah... I heard the report on the scanner." Max spent most of his time listening to the police scanner. His eyes narrowed on her. "The FBI was supposed to protect this guy, but he wound up torched."

Garrison glanced over at her. "They're supposed to be protecting you."

They were protecting her. The two cops on her current watch duty were right there at the station, less than ten feet away. She rubbed her arms and stared at the screen. Torched. There weren't many worse ways of going. That poor man. Oh, Jesus.

"We look after our own here," Max said, his voice loud and clear, probably for the benefit of the nearby cops. "We're sure as hell not letting anything happen to Lora."

They protected their own. Their motto.

You always brought your man out of a fire. The team worked together. Survived together.

But when you died, you were buried alone.

Kenton tossed Malone into the first open interrogation room he found and put two uniforms on guard in front of the door.

"Where did you find him?" Sam asked, shifting a bit as she craned to see their suspect.

"Lora's house." His hands were clenched. Kenton took a breath and forced himself to relax. "His truck's there, too. I want it hauled in and searched." If there were trace amounts of accelerants in that truck, the crime techs would find them. "Get us a warrant and make sure every step is legal."

"I'm on it." Sam turned away and hurried down the hall.

He yanked out his phone and punched in Monica's number. One ring. Two. Three.

Come on...

"Agent Davenport." But that was not Davenport's voice. Not unless she'd had one serious testosterone shot in the last few minutes.

Hell. He cleared his throat. "Sorry, but I need her."

Silence.

"Where?"

"The station. As soon as she can get here. We've got Malone in Interrogation. Sam and I will be heading in, but-"

But Luke would understand.

If they wanted the suspect to break, fast, they needed Monica. No one could get into a killer's mind like Monica.

"We'll be there."

He didn't argue. This wasn't Luke's case, but if the guy wanted to play tag-along and watch over his lover, that was his choice. A choice Kenton respected.

Luke hung up the phone. Monica rolled toward him, a sheet around her br**sts. "I told you I was going to answer it."

He shook his head. She'd drifted to sleep, just for a moment, and then the call had woken her. "You heard everything?" Being so close, it would have been hard not to.

"Yes."

He caught her chin and kissed her, thrusting deep with his tongue as he tasted her. They hadn't been given nearly enough time.

His mouth lifted. "I want you to move in with me."

Her breath caught. "Wh-what?"

I want you to move in with me. No, what he really wanted was marriage. Forever. But Monica was skittish. She'd run from him before, and he knew better than to rush her too much now.

Besides, he had a plan. The woman wasn't the only one who knew how to profile. He'd lure her into the right spot, get her where he wanted her, and have her, forever.

"When we get back to D.C., I want you to move in with me." No, he hadn't told Hyde yet, and if the big boss man got pissy and had him transferred, so be it. He wanted Monica with him, in his bed and in his arms as damn often as he could get her.

"Luke..."

"Think about it." He knew she would. The woman thought about and analyzed everything. Sometimes he didn't even believe she really rested when she slept. Her mind was always working, maybe because if she was busy plotting and probing, then she didn't have to look at her past.

He could understand that.

Just as he understood her.

Her head moved in a slow nod.

Luke didn't even try to control his grin. Her hand came up and smoothed over the light scar on his cheek. Monica's mark. His heart had been marked by her for years.

"Good, baby, but now I'm afraid we're gonna have to haul ass." And he did love her ass. Sweet and heart-shaped. So fine.

He kissed her shoulder and rolled away.

"Are you sure about this?" The worry in her voice stopped him and squeezed his heart.

He forced a smile. "When it comes to us, baby, I have no doubts."

"I've had enough of this shit!" Peter Malone jumped to his feet as soon as Kenton and Sam entered the interrogation room. "My captain should have thrown your asses out the minute you came up with this crap-"

Kenton crossed his arms over his chest and studied the guy. Flushed face. Tousled hair. Eyes that were slits of blue fire. "If you'd told us about your relationship with the victims, maybe we wouldn't have needed to do things this way."

Sam headed for the corner. She didn't usually work interrogations. Sam was more of a behind-the-scenes woman. She spent her time working with her computers, breaking into protected systems, and tracing criminals across the United States with a few keystrokes.

But Kenton wanted her there. Ramirez wouldn't work for this one. If Malone had to face off against Kenton and Ramirez, the guy would have been too defensive. But Sam, with her soft eyes and nervous hands, well, Malone would think she was the good one.

Yeah, the good agent/bad agent game was played every day. Not just TV bullshit.

Only in this case, Sam wasn't the good one. She was the one looking for some hard-and-fast vengeance of her own-like Lora. And if Malone was guilty, Kenton had a feeling that the guy would be seeing just how bad Sam could get.

Because unlike Monica, Sam's control was weak, and he suspected her rage was very, very strong.

"What? Relationship?" Malone shook his head. "I didn't have a relationship with any of them."

Kenton tossed the files down on the table. "Really?" He flipped open Tom Hatchen's folder. "Why didn't you say you arrested him for domestic abuse?"

Malone's eyes widened a bit. "Is that what this shit is about? Yeah, I arrested him, and he walked, so it didn't make a difference. The wife changed her story, for the fifth straight time. A broken nose, broken ribs, black and blue all over, and the woman says she fell down the steps." His hands slammed down on the table. "Do you know how many times she's fallen in the last two years?"

Real fury burned in Malone's voice. Because he was a cop who was tired of seeing a victim hurt? Or more? "Guess she doesn't have to worry about falling anymore," Kenton said.

Hit. He saw that on Malone's face.

Kenton flipped through another folder. "And when we had Larry Powell right here in front of us, in this very room, you never mentioned that the two of you had... well, brushed paths before."

" 'Cause we didn't-"

"Seven years ago, you were working the Narcotics division."

"So?"

"You busted him then." Kenton raised his brows. "How much did it piss you off when he was on the streets again just a few months later?"

The hands on the table balled into fists. "I don't even remember that! Man, do you know how many drugheads I arrested back then? There's no way to keep track of them all, not after all this time!"

Maybe. And if it had just been one link, Kenton probably would have let it pass, but-

"How do you explain Charlie Skofield?" Sam asked quietly.

"Who? Skofield?" Malone shook his head. "No, no way! You've got this wrong-"

"Do I?" Kenton let the doubt roll in his voice.

Malone's fists pounded onto the table top. "I'm a cop! Not a damn criminal!"

Kenton crossed his arms and waited.

"Does Lora know what you're doing? What you're thinking?"

It's not him. Her voice drifted through his mind. So sure. So very certain. But she didn't understand. Sometimes it was really hard to see evil. Especially when it hid behind a friend's smile and stared you right in the face.

Malone's right hand lifted, and his index finger pointed toward the two-way mirror. "My captain's in there, watching, isn't he?" He heaved out a hard breath. "He's pissed because I kept working this case. I didn't get his permission so he's letting you have a go at me. But I'm not a criminal, dammit! I didn't set those fires!"

Kenton lifted a brow. "I never said you did."

Sam eased closer.

Understanding lit Malone's gaze. "This is about Lora, isn't it? Man, look, that was one time. One time. Okay? The lady made it clear she didn't want a repeat performance, so you don't need to f**k up my career just because you're a jealous prick!"

Kenton just stared back at him.

Malone ran a shaking hand over his forehead. "That's it, right? You called me in because-"

"Detective Malone," Sam's voice. Gentle and husky. "You were at the scene of Skofield's car accident. The accident in which Rhonda Myers, a mother of two, was killed last spring."

His gaze flew to her. "I was on my way home. I saw the lights. That was just chance."

Kenton leaned forward. "Did you smell the alcohol on his breath?"

He flinched. "I wasn't working the case! There were other units already there, and he was being loaded into the ambulance by the time I-"

"You smelled the booze. You knew what he'd done." Kenton flipped open Skofield's file. "And he got away, didn't he? Got away with murder."

"He was paralyzed, stuck in that chair, trapped in his house-"

"But he was alive." Sam again. "That's a whole lot more than we can say for Rhonda." She crept to the table. "And you know it, don't you? I bet you pulled his file as soon as you got back to the office. You saw all the DUIs. You knew what he was. He killed that woman. He should have been rotting in jail, and that ate you up, didn't it?"

"The DA's office had the evidence," he snapped. "They're the ones who take the cases. If they didn't want to press for a murder conviction-"

"Then there wasn't anything you could do," Sam murmured.

A nod.

"Well," Kenton drawled slowly, "there actually were a few things you could do." He waited for Malone's gaze to come back to him. "Or rather, a few things Phoenix could do."

"I am not f**king Phoenix."

Monica shut the door behind her. "What have I missed?"

Ramirez shook his head. "Not much yet. It looks like the show is just getting started."

Her eyes narrowed when she caught sight of Sam. In interrogation? Since when?

"Did it piss you off to see them all get away with it? Breaking the law, hurting innocents-did that just make you furious?" Kenton's voice fired at the cop.

Monica edged toward the viewing window to get a better view of Peter Malone's body language. Definitely pissed. And nervous. His eyes darted back toward her, or rather, to the two-way mirror. Then he looked back at Kenton.

"I've been working this case with you, man. I've been trying to find him! I've been here." Peter leaned forward now. "Maybe you're the one who's pissed. Your witness is dead and you're looking to blame someone."

Beside Ramirez, Captain Lawrence flinched.

Kenton just stared back at Malone.

The cop's eyes narrowed. "Sure hope you plan to do a better job of watching Lora's ass. I'd hate to see her wind up like-"

Kenton sprang to his feet and lunged across the table with his arms out and his hands fisted.

Oh, hell. "Ramirez... get in there!"

But Sam had Kenton. She grabbed his arm. "Kenton, easy."

Monica could tell by his face that easy was the last thing Kenton was feeling.

"Are you threatening her?" Kenton demanded in a voice that was barely human.

"I'd never threaten, Lora. She's my friend. I want her safe."

"Do you?" Still that low rumble. "Or do you just want her to pay? Is she guilty, too? Because she rejected you? Just once, right? That's all you said she wanted."

Monica saw the cop's hands flex, as if getting ready for a punch. Kenton was pushing all the right buttons.

Let's see what happens when Malone's control breaks.

"I wouldn't hurt her!"

"Then tell us where you were," Sam said. So calm in the face of that male storm. "For every kill, give us an alibi." Her quiet voice seemed to settle Kenton.

Kenton took a deep breath and slowly eased away from her and back into his chair. "That's right, that's all you have to do. You're innocent? We're wasting our time? Then tell us where you were and all this goes away."

"Start with Jennifer." Sam pushed her file across the table. "Where were you on the eighteenth of October?"

"I'm supposed to remember that?"

"Yeah," Kenton told him. "You are."

The guy spun away and faced the mirror.

Monica studied him and noted the tense lines on Malone's face. A lot of rage. And some fear. Now why would the fear be there? Phoenix didn't strike her as a man who was afraid.

More like desperate for attention. Fame. He'd called the news station because he wanted his fifteen minutes. He'd demanded them.

Then attacked Lora because he hadn't gotten them.

"You're not gonna believe this, but I was fishing at my uncle's cabin near Pontlock Lake."

"And I'm not going to believe it because?"

Malone's shoulders drooped a bit. "I was alone. I remember-I remember the date because my captain had to call me in."

"Called on his cell phone," the gravelly voice of Captain Lawrence told her. They were the first words he'd said the whole time that she'd been in the room.

Monica glanced over at him, brows rising. "He didn't have a direct line at the cabin?"

The captain shook his head. Deep grooves bracketed his mouth and eyes. The captain looked older today. Much, much older. And that arrogance she'd seen before? Gone.

"What about the others?" Sam asked, flipping through the files. "Tom Hatchen? Charlie Skofield-"

"Dammit, I was here!"

"Um, no." Sam looked up at him. "I checked the station log. You were off-duty for all those attacks."

"No, no." He turned, giving Monica a side profile view as he ran his hand through his hair again. "Wait, wait! I was here, don't you remember? When the call came in from Phoenix? I was here, so there's no way it could have been me! We'd just finished up that damn briefing and-"

"You weren't in the bullpen when the call came in," Monica murmured even though she knew that he couldn't hear her. Because as soon as she'd heard Phoenix's voice, she'd turned and scanned the area. She'd talked to Peter just moments before, but he hadn't been there.

"It would have been easy enough to duck outside, find a quiet place, and make a sixty-second call." Kenton cocked his head. "Or did you think we hadn't considered that possibility? You were there before he called, there after, but no one remembers seeing you exactly when the call came in."

"This is bullshit!"

"So you've said." One shoulder lifted. "Just give us an alibi. That's all we need."

"How about today?" Sam circled around the table and headed toward him. "Tell us where you were when Bob Kyle was killed."

His lips pressed together.

"You went to the fire station." Kenton gave him the reminder, not that Monica thought the guy actually needed one. "You left. Where'd you go?"

"Lora's. You found me there. You know exactly where I was."

"You've got some time unaccounted for there, Malone."

Killing time?

Malone swallowed. "After I left the fire station, I went straight to Lora's place."

"Shit." The curse came from the captain. "I'm getting him a union rep. We're not doing this-"

"I'm not gonna stand by and let a friend die." Malone's chin was up again. "I went back to search her property, and I was there the whole damn time!"

"Then you'd better hope a neighbor saw you." Kenton's body was bow tight. "Because, Malone, it's not looking good for you. Not good at all."

"This is one hell of a mess." Those were the first words Kenton spoke when he and Sam entered the viewing room.

"That's my cop you're trying to tear apart in there." Captain Lawrence finally tried to defend Malone. Right. Too little, too late. "He's cooperated and answered your questions-"

"And didn't give me a single alibi," Kenton snapped. He wasn't in the mood for any of the captain's bull. Not then. Not when he could still picture Bob Kyle's charred remains. "Your detective is the picture of cooperation." His eyes never left Monica's face. "What did you see?"

"Not enough." She exhaled and began to pace with quick, long strides. "He didn't slip up, not once. He's angry, but he's still controlled."

Yeah, that's exactly what Kenton had thought. Malone was angry, but it didn't seem to be the killing rage of a murderer. Instead, the guy just seemed pissed that he was being questioned. Malone had met his stare for most of the interview. There'd been no nervous gestures or slip-ups with his story.

"I'm sending men to Lora Spade's neighborhood." Lawrence gave a decisive nod, and it was the first decisive thing Kenton had seen the guy do since he'd f**ked up the media interview and spilled too much information. "They'll find a witness. My man will be cleared."

Then the captain was gone. He rushed out, probably so he wouldn't have to keep looking them in the eyes.

Kenton waited. One beat. Two. When he was sure they had privacy, he said, "Come on, Monica, give me something that I can use against this guy."

"He could be Phoenix." One shoulder lifted, then fell. "But I need more. I can't say yet what I believe."

Fuck. Not helpful. "Hell."

"His dad died in a fire," Jon said. "He hangs out with firefighters. He slept with Kenton's girl-uh, sorry, Kenton. The guy has means, and he has motive. One hell of a lot of motive."

"Going after criminals." Sam nodded. "That's definitely motive for a cop."

"More than just cops." Monica glanced over at Malone. He'd just sat down. He turned his chair toward the glass and stared.

Not that he could see anything.

"How long are we gonna be able to keep him?" Sam asked.

Kenton stared back at Malone. Had the guy been threatening Lora? Rage bubbled inside him, nearly choking him. "We're keeping him until Captain Lawrence's men get back, and we see what we've got." He glanced at Jon. "And then, if we cut him loose, I think we need to cover our bases." This wasn't a job that he wanted the Charlottesville PD handling.

A nod from Jon. "Babysitting duty."

"You are the best when it comes to trailing."

"Guess while I'm doing that, you'll be watching Lora's ass, huh?"

"Damn straight." Because that gnawing in his gut told him that she wasn't safe. "I'm heading to the fire station now." Garrison and the others could just deal with it.

"I might take another go at our detective." Monica's voice was quiet, contemplative. "Not making any promises, but I'll see what I can get."

Good. "Call me. If you find out anything, call."

"You know I will." Her gaze went back to the cop. "If I can get him to break."

CHAPTER Seventeen

Chaos ruled at the fire station. Even as Kenton jumped from his vehicle, a fire truck swiped by him, sirens blazing.

Phoenix.

He ran for the station's entrance and shoved open the front doors. "Lora!" He shouted her name as he raced toward the check-in desk.

"She's gone."

His gaze whipped to the right. Max walked out, shaking his head. "She was on the truck."

Kenton's heart shoved into his chest. "Was it-" No, no, Monica would have called him if they'd gotten a tip-off from Phoenix.

But Phoenix hadn't called in Kyle's death. There'd been no taunts about saving the victim. No challenge to the firefighters to get there first.

Could the bastard be changing his rules?

Fuck, yeah, he had changed the rules. Kyle hadn't deserved any "punishment." Phoenix had torched him to cover his own ass.

"It's a house fire on Delaney Boulevard." Max licked his lips. "We got word that there could be some kids inside. A neighbor called it in. She didn't know if the family had gotten out. The woman just saw the flames."

Kenton took a breath. She's safe. Doing her job.

"The kids-they're always hard for Lora. For all of us." Max rubbed a hand over the back of his neck. "Damn but I hope they get them out."

So did he.

"Those cops you had tailing her-they're on the way to the scene."

They'd damn well better stay close. "Delaney Boulevard?"

A quick nod.

And Kenton knew that he'd be chasing a fire truck.

Because it could be a trap. Just like the others.

Luke opened the door of the viewing room. He'd stayed back and let the team on task do their jobs. But it was quiet now. The captain was long gone, and Ramirez was on the phone with Hyde, briefing the boss on the body that they'd found today and on the detective they'd just grilled.

Sam watched Monica begin her interrogation in the adjacent room. "I don't want it to be him," Sam said.

"I know."

"I want people to just be what they should be." Softer. "He should be a good cop."

Luke watched through the glass as Monica pulled out a chair and sat in front of Malone. Someone had turned the sound off in this room so he couldn't hear what they were saying, but Luke could see the movement of Monica's lips. "Maybe he is."

Her eyes squeezed shut. "I just want to go back to the way things were before."

Before a sick f**k had taken her, tortured her, and made her wish for death. "If you need more time off..."

"That's not going to cut it. Maybe I need out."

Now she had him tensing. "Of the SSD?"

Her dark eyes opened. "Maybe. Maybe I just can't cut it anymore, Luke. Maybe I'm just tired of trying to figure out who the good guys are and-" She glanced at the window. "And who's just pretending to be good."

"Think about this, Sam. Don't rush to a decision. You've just come back-"

"And I'm shaking apart!" She held her hands up, and he saw the quiver of her fingers. "I was in that damn room with Kenton, and I thought I was going to be sick. Every second, I was shaking. My stomach twisted, and my chest hurt so bad I felt like I couldn't breathe."

He hadn't seen the interrogation, but he'd been in the hallway and he knew, "You didn't run out."

"What?" Her eyes narrowed. "No, of course, I didn't-"

"There's no 'of course.' " Couldn't she see that? "Maybe someone else would have left. Maybe someone else wouldn't have ever been in the room. You stayed. So what if you were scared? Or sick? You didn't back down."

"I wanted to." A tear slid down her cheek only to be roughly swiped away by her trembling fingers. "Maybe next time I will."

"And maybe you won't."

"Maybe." She gave a hesitant nod. "Luke, don't tell anyone about this, okay?" Tears were in her eyes.

Appearances.

She was trying to keep up hers. And right then, she did remind him of Monica because they were both survivors.

Sam fumbled as she turned up the volume. "W-we'd better listen..."

"You were there when Mike Randall was arrested, weren't you?" Monica's smooth voice flowed into the room.

"Yeah, but so were at least three other cops!"

"A young girl died in the fire he set, didn't she?"

"Yes."

"Did you think it was fair that her mother had to bury her only daughter, while Mike Randall didn't even spend one single day in a prison cell?"

Silence.

"Detective Malone?" She pressed with that light southern drawl. "Did you think it was fair-"

"Fuck, no! But that dick in the DA's office made a deal, and I had to be the one to tell Candace that the little prick who killed her girl was gettin' therapy while Tonya Kelly was getting a hole in the f**king ground."

"What kind of punishment did you think Mike Randall should have gotten?"

"How do I know?" He shook his head. "I'm not the damn judge."

"And what if you were?" Her voice dropped. "What if you had the power to decide Randall's fate? What would you have done?"

"Locked him in a damn cage!"

"For how long? When he got out..." She shrugged. "He just would have started the fires again. It was a compulsion for him." Monica paused and stared at the detective. "So how do you stop someone like that?"

"Only a bullet can stop some of the killers out there. Otherwise, they just keep right on hurting people."

"A bullet... or fire. Maybe that fire he loved so much was the perfect way to kill him."

Malone's fingers locked around the table and his knuckles whitened. "Maybe it was."

Well, well... and just maybe that cop was getting close to a confession.

"No! No, let me go!" As she screamed, a woman with long red hair struggled against the firefighter who held her in his grip. Darkness threatened in the sky, pushing the sun away, even as the flames from the two-story house on Delaney Boulevard jumped higher.

A baby cried, the sound rising to a desperate wail, and Kenton saw the infant clutched tightly in the woman's arms.

"Ma'am, let us check you out. Let us check the baby-"

"Brian is in there! I just wanted to get the baby out, but I'm goin' back for my son! I'm goin' back-"

"They never understand," Garrison muttered, coming to Kenton's side and keeping his voice low. "There's no time for a second trip. You go back in when the fire's spread so fast, you're DRT."

DRT. Dead right there.

"Brian!" She fell to her knees, screaming his name.

Two firefighters ran from the front of the house.

She jerked forward and hope lit her face, but their arms were empty.

"No!"

The flames shot higher.

It hurt to look at her and see that much pain and fear.

An EMT managed to pry the baby out of her hands. But then she tried to run again, heading right back for that burning house. The two firefighters who'd just come out caught her and dragged her back even as she begged for her son.

"Please, let me go back in, let me find him, let me-Brian!"

"Where's Lora?" Kenton asked, voice rough, but he knew. Of course, he knew where she'd be. The two uniforms who'd been on guard duty for her stood to the side and watched the flames.

Garrison lifted his radio as he kept his stare on the fire. "That's spreading too fast." He pressed the button on the side of his radio. "If they don't find him..."

"Where's Lora?" Fear knifed through Kenton's gut.

"Brian!" the mother screamed.

"Leading the team," was Garrison's curt reply. He glanced at Kenton. "She won't leave kids behind."

But at what price? What if the fire was too strong? What if-

"We don't give up until hope is damn well gone," Garrison barked.

Kenton could feel the heat from the fire blowing against his skin. So hot. He glanced toward the mother and found her sobbing on the ground.

"Brian!"

"Randall was sick," Malone said as he leaned back in his chair and licked his lips. "That guy-he'd been in and out of psych wards for years. He caught his house on fire for the first time when he was eight. Eight."

"And when he set the fire that killed Tonya Kelly, he was only sixteen." Monica didn't glance down at the paperwork before her. No need. She knew all the details. She made a point of always knowing. "Randall was just a kid, too. At least that's what the courts thought. That's why he didn't get hard time."

"Mike Randall wasn't gonna stop." His eyes slit at the corners. "We all knew it. The damn DA knew it. The guy was sick. If he hadn't offed himself, he would have taken out someone else, another innocent-"

"Like his mother?"

But he shook his head, just as she knew he would. "That woman wasn't innocent. Hell, she made Randall into the monster he was."

Something nagged in her mind. Teasing, but just out of reach.

"She burned him when he was a kid. Burned him. I saw the doctor's reports. The woman took cigarettes to him when he was six years old. She f**ked him up, made him think the fire was something good."

And not death. Monica cleared her throat. "So she was being judged, too?"

"I didn't do anything to them. Not to either of them."

She was starting to believe him. The guy wouldn't crack. "Tell me, Detective Malone, have you ever been in a fire?"

"What?" He shook his head. "No, no, and I sure don't want to be in one. I'm not one of the firefighters, lady. I don't run into the fires."

Click.

But she had to be sure. "I'm going to send in a male agent. I want you to submit to a physical examination."

"What? You're shitting me, right?"

"Prove to me that you don't have a burn scar on you, and you can walk out of this office."

But it's not all pain, is it? When the fire lances your flesh...

When Phoenix had said that, he'd been talking from personal experience. She knew it. She'd heard the truth of those words in his voice.

The way he spoke of the fire-he personified it, called it a lover...

"That's all it'll take?" Malone shoved to his feet. In an instant, he'd wrenched off his shirt and tossed it to the floor. "Special Agent, look your fill."

Flames burst from the doorway of the house on Delaney. Voices rose and fell, and sweat trickled down Kenton's back.

Come on, Lora. Come out. Come on...

"They have to pull back. Shit." Garrison spat on the ground, and his finger hovered over the radio button. "I hate like hell to lose-"

A firefighter burst out of the flames, flying right out the front door.

No kid. Was that Lora? The firefighter looked to be the right height. He couldn't tell, though, not for certain. Kenton couldn't see the uniform clearly enough.

Another firefighter streaked out of the flames. Kenton's breath choked out. This one ran out, arms up, held tight around-

The boy.

"Brian!"

The mother tried to lunge forward, but a paramedic and a firefighter held her back, even as EMTs swarmed around the kid. The EMTs took him away from his rescuer and pushed a mask over his face to give him oxygen.

That second firefighter shoved back his mask with a gloved hand. No, not his. Hers. Lora. Grimy face. Sweat-slick hair.

The most gorgeous woman he'd ever seen.

Kenton lunged forward.

She took a deep breath and hurried to follow the kid.

"I'll be damned," Garrison whispered.

"Hell, yeah!" Rick shouted.

Then the firefighters were running toward her. They were laughing and shouting, and the mother was on her feet, the baby in her arms, and no one held her back now as she ran to her son.

Lora.

When the others surrounded her, she looked small. Weak, with the house burning behind her.

Others still worked on the flames. They held tight to hoses and shot water at the house.

A car slammed to a stop with its brakes screeching. Kenton looked over his shoulder and saw a man jump out. "Jennifer!" Fear there. No, terror was on the guy's face as he stared up at the house. "Jennifer! Brian!"

The father.

Kenton hurried to him. "Everybody's out."

The guy staggered.

"They're over there." He pointed to the ambulance near the road. They'd loaded up the boy. His mother stroked his head, brushing back wet strands of hair and crying.

Crying, but also smiling very wide.

And Lora, she was there. She reached for the kid and ruffled his hair. The tilt of her lips was so beautiful that staring at it hurt.

Cameras flashed behind him. A news van hurtled up the street. The mother grabbed Lora and held her tight.

A cover story. That's what this would be tomorrow. Just another story on the news.

But right then, it was a hell of a lot more.

"Our guy is scarred," Monica said, and Ramirez raised his brows. "I could tell by the way he talked about the fire's touch." And she should have focused on this sooner. "He's felt it. We're looking for a perp who's suffered burn wounds."

Sam's eyes widened. "That narrows the field."

"It sure as hell does," Luke said from behind Monica. "And if you're right, it excludes the detective in there. Stripper boy is clear."

She'd figured as much. "We need to check the hospitals. Get a listing of burn patients in the area."

"Uh, you know there's such a thing as doctor-patient confidentiality, right, Davenport?" Ramirez drawled.

Monica looked at Sam. Getting through a hospital's security system would be a snap for her. "The records should go back for at least twenty-five to thirty years."

"That long?" Luke brushed by her, squinting as he looked through Interrogation. Malone was dressed, sitting at the table again, and tapping his fingers. He looked pissed, but not scared.

Because the guy didn't have anything to hide.

"That long," she said, nodding, because most arsonists started when they were kids-when they were sloppy. So easy to make mistakes with small hands. So easy to burn. "Confine the search primarily to Charlottesville, maybe with a fifty-mile radius. No more, though, because our guy is local." It fit. Every bit fit.

But why, why had he stopped killing for six months? Why stop, then start up again with such a vengeance all of a sudden? What had been the trigger?

Find the trigger, find the killer.

Seven A.M.

Kenton had stayed in the background. He'd watched Lora secure the scene and waited until the fire was only smoke and dust.

He'd watched the news crews leave. He'd seen the satisfaction on the faces of the firefighters and the desperate relief on the family's faces.

Time had crawled by. Those hours... so very slowly.

They were back at the fire station now. He'd sent the two uniforms home because he planned to stay with Lora. The firefighters were wrapping up their reports. The new team was coming in, getting briefed, and Lora was about to slip away.

With him.

She wore a white T-shirt. Her blond hair had been washed, and it curled a bit around her face. No makeup, not here. Just clean, shining skin. The faintest traces of shadows lurked beneath her lashes because the woman was tired. Hell, she should be tired. Her lips were pale, but when she walked toward him, they curved, just a bit.

He took her hand and finally took a deep breath. The ache in his chest eased.

"You made the news," he murmured as they passed the television in the lounge. There was Lora's face, smudged, darkened, beautiful, as she leaned over Brian London and ruffled his hair. "They led with a hero story." Not the sick kill left by Phoenix. Huh. Maybe Channel Five wasn't as bad as he'd thought.

"You clear to leave?" The question came out too rough, but he was doing well to manage speech right then. He needed her.

She nodded.

"Then come with me." Stay with me. Be with me.

Fucking bitch. He watched Lora and saw the smug smile on her lips. Why did she have to do this to him? Why?

She hadn't learned a lesson from the fire at her house. Hadn't even seemed to care. Was she out hiding somewhere? Fearing that he'd come after her?

Fearing the fire?

No, not her.

But then, she had the special agent hovering around her, watching her with greedy eyes and possessive hands.

Maybe she didn't think that she needed to fear.

A fatal mistake.

She shouldn't screw with him, shouldn't take his time and walk away. She wasn't the woman she pretended to be. Not loyal. Not true.

She was a f**king whore-one out to get him.

And Lora deserved just what she was going to get.

Burn, bitch, burn.

CHAPTER Eighteen

Kenton slammed the hotel room door shut. Lora glanced back at him, "Kent-"

His mouth took hers. Lips, tongue, taking.

Just what she wanted. More-what she needed.

Her hands locked on his and she shoved him back against the door because she wasn't the type to just get taken.

No, sometimes, she liked to take.

Her hands rose and flattened on his chest as she pushed onto her toes and met with hungry lips and an eager tongue.

Adrenaline still spiked her blood, that wild combination of fear and euphoria that came from slipping away from the fire.

And having Kenton so close.

She yanked his shirtfront open and sent buttons flying. That perfect shirt, all ruined. Lora smiled against his mouth and let her nails score his flesh.

Kenton tensed beneath her touch. His breath hitched as his mouth tore from hers. His arousal pressed against the vee of her sex. Hard, long, and ready.

Good, because she was ready. Had been, all during that long, tense ride from the station house. It had been a difficult ride because she'd had the feeling if she so much as moved, he'd jump her.

Or she'd jump him.

What I'm doing right now.

She eased back, moving away just enough to strip off her T-shirt and toss it to the floor. She kicked out of her shoes even as she fumbled with the button of her jeans.

Screw waiting. She needed pleasure. She needed fury. She needed the ache inside to ease.

She needed him.

Lora shoved down her jeans, stepped out of them as fast as she could, and reached for him again.

"No, wait... my gun..."

She always forgot the gun. And the man was always armed.

He took off the holster and set it on the desk just a few feet away, turning his back to her.

She pressed against him. Strong muscles. Sexy ass. The man really did have a perfect butt. Her hands wrapped around him. Her fingers found his belt, unclasped it, and eased open his pants.

No underwear. Oh, that just made things easier.

Lora took his c**k in her hands and pumped him, from base to tip. Again. Harder this time.

"Fuck, Lora."

She loved the way he said her name.

And loved the way he tasted.

Everywhere.

He clasped her hands, freezing her. "Not... gonna... last." Guttural. Kenton turned to her with his eyes narrowed and that jaw she loved clenched.

Lora smiled because she didn't want him to last. She wanted him to break. She wanted that control to break with her.

She pulled away from him, and her hands were rock steady when she unhooked her bra and let it drop to the floor.

He sucked in a breath and then he was on her. Hands tight around her. Mouth closing over her breast, sucking deep and strong, and her sex quivered. Cream pooled between her legs, and she wanted him.

His tongued swirled over her nipple. His teeth scored her sensitive flesh, and Lora choked out his name on a breath of need.

His c**k shoved against her. That thick flesh drove right against her underwear. His hand pushed between her legs and caught the elastic edge of her panties. When they ripped under his fingers, she laughed.

At the sound, his head snapped up, and he stared at her with a heated gaze. He stared as if he hadn't seen her before and muttered, "Fucking beautiful." Then his hands were around her waist as he lifted her up. The muscles in his arms flexed as he held her.

Wow, didn't realize the man was so strong, didn't know-

She licked his throat.

Screw it.

Lora wrapped her legs around his waist. His c**k pushed against her, pressing right at the wet entrance to her sex.

She arched toward him just as Kenton slammed deep.

So deep.

She bit her lip to hold back the scream.

Skin to skin. Hot. Slick. So full.

Her nails dug into his shoulders.

His eyes, molten steel, blazed at her. His fingers gripped her waist. His thighs were rock hard against her, and his cock-

So good.

Lora rose up, sank down, and thrust back against him.

And he swelled even more within her. Thick, hot flesh.

Flesh.

No condom.

"Kenton!"

He whirled around, and they fell to the bed, bouncing lightly on the soft mattress. He stayed within her. His c**k lodged deeper, and his fingers pushed between her folds to press against her clit.

The bed began to squeak beneath them. Thrust. Withdraw. Thrust.

"Kent..." Oh, damn, but she was close to exploding around him. "Con... condom..."

His eyes widened with understanding. "Fuck."

Her sex clamped tight around him when he began to withdraw. No, he felt too good. "I-I'm safe." No diseases, and she was on the pill.

"Me, too, swear..." His jaw clenched.

Her fingers sank into his ass. That sexy ass. "Then, move."

And he moved.

Faster. Harder. Deeper.

They twisted a bit and ended up facing each other, side to side. He grabbed her leg, hoisted it higher, and her eyes nearly rolled back into her head because this was it, the spot she needed. So perfect, so-

"Fucking amazing... nothing ever... this good."

She tightened her muscles around him and then heard the growl that built in his throat.

And when he drove into her again, she came, convulsing around his thick c**k and biting his shoulder.

Faster, faster, he thrust, and she rode out the pleasure, and every drive of his hips made the climax pulse more.

Kenton hadn't come yet. Her sex still quivered when she forced him onto his back and rose above him. His eyes, so intense, blazed up at her.

Her knees pressed alongside his hips. She rocked against him, still fast, her flesh swollen and slick. Lora stared into his eyes and shoved against him. She took everything, every inch, all of him-

"Lora!" He erupted inside her with a long, hot splash. His hands bit into her waist. "Fucking good... so good... love the way you feel... love... you!" He rose up and his mouth locked on hers.

She held him tighter and the pleasure rocked through her once more.

Love... you.

Oh, damn.

"Do we call Kenton in on this?" Sam asked, even as her fingers flew over the keyboard in front of her.

"No." Monica sighed and glanced at her watch. "The guy probably just got in. Let him sleep. When we have something, we'll call him." Because right now, to paraphrase Hyde, they had their good buddies Jack and Shit.

"Speaking of sleep..." Luke murmured.

She glanced at him.

"You're weaving. You've been up all night, and you need to get some rest. Go back to the hotel."

But they were so close. She shook her head.

His eyes hardened. "You can't solve this one if you're dead on your feet."

Her jaw locked.

"Let's take shifts," Ramirez said. "You go back to the hotel, rest up, then you and Kenton can come back and swap with me and Sam."

Sam glanced back at her. "A few more hours... I should have something then."

A few more hours. Monica gave a grudging nod. "Fine, but if you get something, anything, you call me."

Luke took her elbow. "Come on, baby." The endearment was soft enough for only her to hear.

They headed for the door.

And nearly collided with Captain Lawrence and Malone. The detective's eyes were narrowed, and she saw that stare dip to her arm and to Luke's hand.

"We found a witness who saw Malone arrive early this morning at Lora's house," Lawrence said, crossing his arm over his chest. A witness? Jesus, who had those cops woken up to get an alibi? "Seems that after the fire last night, Ms. Susan Lynn James didn't get back to sleep right away, so she was late heading to work today."

So Malone hadn't been anywhere near Bob Kyle. Well, she'd already figured that.

"I want you to release my detective," the captain told her. "And he'd like an apology." He stared down at her with a smirk she thought she'd never see, and seriously, she wasn't in the mood for this crap.

When Luke tensed beside her, she knew her lover had the same thought. "Sure." She barred her teeth. "On behalf of the SSD, I'd like to officially apologize for doing our jobs and questioning a man with ties to all of the arsons. I realize it was a terrible inconvenience having to answer questions you should have answered from the beginning, but, hey, that's the way the system works, right?"

The captain's jaw dropped.

Malone's brows rose.

Behind her, yes, that sounded like Ramirez's snicker.

She inclined her head toward the detective. "No hard feelings. We cleared you thirty minutes ago."

"What?" the captain yelled. "You cleared him but you didn't brief me?"

"I just did." She kept her head up and her shoulders straight. The guy needed to recognize that when it came to the hierarchy here, the SSD was on top. This wasn't a pissing match. It wasn't a debate.

"If you hadn't run from me when I headed toward your office-" And the guy had really run. She'd thought he was running because he felt guilty over Bob Kyle. But the arrogance was back now. Probably because he thought that he'd just knocked them off-track with his cop's alibi. "If you'd stayed, you would have known then." He didn't get to play the tough guy just because he had an audience.

She left him sputtering and headed for the door with Luke right at her side.

Her hand touched the metal handle, and she froze. Monica glanced back at the captain. Priorities. The guy needed them. "There's something else you should know."

He'd started to turn away but froze at her words.

"Bob Kyle did have family in the area. Cousins. An aunt. They'll be coming for the body." Her eyes held his. "And, by the way, they'll be needing an apology, from you."

She shoved open the door. The sun hit her, too bright, and Monica realized she'd been in the PD far too long. I lost the whole night.

No wonder her knees were trembling. When was the last time she'd eaten?

"Agent Davenport!"

Great.

"You can ignore him," Luke said. "The car's right there."

Ah, but that wasn't her style. She stopped and spun slowly back toward the PD and saw Malone running toward her.

Her spine stiffened. If he wanted to push her, he'd be drawing that hand back with some frostbite.

He'd deserved his interrogation. So his pride was hurt. Big damn deal. Pride could recover. And if it hadn't been for his interrogation, well, the pieces might not have clicked for her.

"You know who it is, don't you?" Malone said, stopping close and squinting against the sun.

She gazed back at him.

"I saw your face, when you were questioning me-something-something happened." His eyes scanned her face now. "You know who it is."

If only.

"I want in on this. I'm cleared, and I want back in on this. These are my people, my city. I sat there for hours and let you go at me. Shit, I deserve to be back on this team. I-"

He did. "You didn't break."

Malone blinked.

All those hours and he hadn't let the anger take over. Hadn't lost control. Impressive.

Or dangerous. She wasn't sure which. Not yet.

"Get some sleep." Ramirez was right. If they didn't get rest, they'd all be screwed. "Then come back. We'll put you on the task force."

"You know."

Not yet, but-God willing-soon. "When you come back, we'll have a list of suspects ready." They'd need help narrowing down that list, and she'd see what Malone could do.

Because she knew that list would include the names of his friends. Malone was tight with the firefighters in the area, and, most likely, with the killer.

Lora glanced at the bedside clock. Oh, hell. "Is that really the time?" Two-thirteen P.M. She'd slept most of the day away. "I've got to get dressed. Garrison will be here at three." She jumped from the bed and let the sheet drop. "We're going to the hospital to check on Wade-"

"You're trying to act like it never happened." His voice stopped her. "It happened, Lora. I'm not gonna play nice and act like I never told you-"

Her breath caught. "Kent..."

"That I love you."

Her knees did a fast tremble.

Kenton rolled from the bed and pushed to his feet. Then he stalked toward her. Naked, tall, strong. "Maybe you don't want to hear it, but too damn bad."

Lora wanted to retreat, but she didn't move. Not an inch.

He brushed against her. "I didn't plan this. I planned for sex. Hot. Wild. And so good we'd both go crazy. Because I knew it would be like that the first time I kissed you."

She turned fully toward him and didn't know what to say. But, yeah, she'd planned for that. She'd wanted that hard rush of release that she knew would banish her ghosts and the pleasure that would force her out of the past and show her the present.

"One time. Just once and I was hooked."

Wait, was that good? Or bad? Sounded bad.

But she understood the feeling. She'd been the same way. Hooked. On his touch. His kiss.

"Then I started to fall for you," he said. "Or, hell, maybe I started that first night." His lips curved, again, and her gut tightened at the sight of his dimples. "That first night-when you knocked me on my ass."

"Y-you wouldn't get out." Her voice softened a bit. "I didn't want to-"

"Doesn't really matter when, though." His eyes narrowed at the corners. "Just know that now, when I breathe, I taste you."

She gulped.

"When I wake up, the first thought I have is of you."

Even when he wasn't in her bed, he was her first thought, too.

"I'm not the jealous type, Lora." A shake of his head. "But I almost punched that cop because he'd had you."

Ah, Pete? He was talking about Pete now?

"I don't want to think of you with anyone else, before or after me. Sure as hell not after, because I don't want us to end when this case is over."

Neither did she. Her feelings-yeah, they scared her. Because when you cared so much, you opened yourself up to a world of hurt. She didn't want to hurt again.

No, she hadn't planned for him.

Wild sex was what she'd wanted.

But she'd found much more.

Enough to risk her heart again? "Kent..."

He kissed her. He brushed his mouth over hers. Not in a hard, demanding kiss. Instead...

Caressing.

He lifted his head while she still wanted his mouth. "We'll finish this case. You'll get your justice for Carter."

But it wasn't just about that anymore. So many others-

"But I want you. I want you to give us time to see where the hell this is going because, sweetheart, I've never felt this way about a woman before, and I damn well don't want to lose you."

Her breath came too fast. He was offering her a chance at love again. Kent. A smart woman would grab hold with both hands.

Her hands locked around him. "You're not losing me." Being afraid of taking a chance-that wasn't her either.

She hadn't been afraid of life or of loving until Carter. Until she'd lost him.

Then she'd tried to lock herself away.

That plan hadn't worked. Kenton had broken right through those locks.

Too soon? Too fast? Maybe. But screw it. Life was fast, and if she'd learned anything, it was that life could be over far, far too soon.

Take a chance. She nodded. For him, she'd take it.

She'd take the thrill and the fire and the passion. She'd take everything, and in the end, if ashes came, she wouldn't regret being with him.

Not for a moment.

A knock rapped at the door. She wanted to ignore it and just stay right there in his arms.

"Guess that's Garrison," Kenton said.

Early? Probably. The man always did show up half an hour early for every party.

But Kenton didn't release her. His forehead pressed against hers. "We're not done."

"Not even close," she whispered back. Because fate had been kind to her. Too kind. Not just one man to love in her life.

Two.

A second chance.

Another knock. Then, "Lake, come on, open the door. I know you're in there! Step away from the chick and open up!" A woman's voice, sharp, a bit annoyed.

It was a voice that Lora hadn't heard before.

He raised his head. "Kim?"

Who?

But he pulled away and fumbled for his clothes. "Hyde must have sent her down. Guess he thought we needed more backup."

Lora pulled on a robe, an old, slightly frayed hotel robe that had been tossed over the back of a chair.

Kenton hurried for the door. He checked through the peephole, then pulled it open. "Donalds, when did you get into town?"

A small woman with coal-black hair brushed by him. "Fifty minutes ago. I brought the boss with me."

Hyde? Hyde was back in town?

"They want you at the station." She glanced at Lora, and the agent's gaze raked over her. "You the firefighter?"

Lora raised a brow. "One of them."

A nod. No change of expression crossed her face. The woman didn't seem to care that the bed was wrecked, that Lora was in a robe, or that Kenton's shirt was missing all of its buttons.

"I'm your chaperone for the day." Her smile flashed in a wicked grin. "I got protective duty." She slanted a glance at Kenton. "That's why I didn't bother calling first. Figured we'd just switch out... though I don't think I'll be offering quite the same services you just did."

"Screw off, Kim." His tone was light, at odds with the words.

She laughed. A quick, rich sound.

Lora frowned. "What's going on? Why do they need Kenton at the station?"

"Monica has a lead. While Sam's working it, Hyde's chewing up the PD. I think he said he'd start with the captain." She shrugged. "Kenton's point man, so he needs to be there when the case breaks open."

Lora's stomach knotted as her gaze flew to his. "You'll be careful?"

Another laugh rolled from Kim. "The man has a gun." Her green, almond-shaped eyes gleamed. "He'll be fine. You're the civilian. If anyone's a target, it's-"

"Kim." Not sounding so friendly anymore. Kenton's voice was definitely entering the land of the pissed.

But the woman hadn't said anything that Lora hadn't already figured out. "So you're my bodyguard?" Seriously, she could probably blow this woman over with a hard breath. Lora had at least seven inches on her, probably forty pounds and-

A lazy smile lifted Kim's lips. "It's your lucky day."

He watched them leave. Garrison came for Lora. The old guy looked nervous as he glanced to the left, then the right. Lora walked out with her shoulders back and her chin up. No fear there. Stupid bitch. She'd learn.

Then another woman appeared. She was small-all hair and eyes, but she carried a gun. His eyes narrowed when he caught a glimpse of the holster beneath her left arm. Another f**king agent trailing after Lora.

Like an agent was supposed to stop him. He didn't care how many guards she had. He knew just how to get to Lora.

Too simple, really.

But then, it had always been simple.

Time was running out. He knew it. He'd checked with his source again just minutes before. The agents were running their search. They'd turn up his name.

They'd track him.

But he wouldn't go down easy.

No, not easy.

He'd go down in flames because that was his way.

His way, and Lora's.

CHAPTER Nineteen

Kenton's phone rang just as he stepped out of the hotel room. "Lake." He shoved the keys into his pocket, adjusted his jacket, and felt the brush of his holster.

"Has Donalds got the woman?" Hyde demanded.

"Yeah, she's detailing her." He'd walked them out moments before and headed back into the room just to grab some files. Although he knew Kim would keep a careful watch on Lora, he couldn't help feeling a little uneasy. He wanted Lora with him so he could watch her himself and make absolutely certain she was safe.

"Pick up Davenport and get your asses down here. Sam's got a list of names-"

Names? "Who?"

"She's been looking for firefighters, men who've been burned."

That fit. They'd thought it was a firefighter in the beginning, until they'd seen the link with Malone. A link that was still there. "What about Malone? What happened to-"

"Alibied by one of Lora's neighbors."

"Okay." He digested that. "But Malone is still tied to the cases. It's no coincidence that he had a history with all the victims." A link. Malone was the link, perhaps unknowingly, but he could lead them back to the killer.

"We've done some more digging, and we found four men who fit Davenport's profile. I want you both here because we're bringing 'em in, and we will get the killer to break."

That sounded like one f**king fine plan. "Be there in twenty." He shoved the phone back into his pocket and quickened his step. Monica's room was on the other side of the hotel. Deliberate, that, after his last unfortunate encounter overhearing her and Luke in a hotel with thin walls.

Four names. Excitement had his heart thundering.

"Agent Lake!"

Kenton spun at the call, tensing. "What are you doing here?" His hand rose, going close for his gun, just in case. Not a firefighter, but...

"I wanted to talk to you and Lora." Seth came closer, the limp slowing him a bit. "I checked at the station, but you weren't there." He shook his head. "I've found something."

Cars buzzed by on the interstate, and their engines roared.

"What?"

"I think-I think I know who started the fires." Seth's voice lowered. "I don't want to believe it, but..."

Kenton lowered his arm and stepped forward. The traffic was getting louder and making it harder to hear.

"I think it's..." A broad smile covered his face as Seth's hand came up. "Me." A spark of electricity shot from the taser in his hand.

"Fuck!" Kenton jumped back.

Too late. The metal probes slammed right under his rib cage, and his body convulsed. Kenton fell, the files scattered, and his head hit the concrete.

The burn unit. Lora's spine stiffened as she stared up at the sign in Memorial Infirmary. She'd been here so many times. First, she'd come as a kid for her own painful treatment. Ryan's wounds had been worse than hers, so she'd come back during all of his long visits. Over the years, she'd also gone in with her teammates when they were injured and checked up on survivors.

Wade wasn't talking yet. He couldn't with that tube still down his throat. But she'd paid her respects to him. The chief was still talking to Sherri, and tears trickled down the woman's cheeks.

The road ahead wouldn't be easy for Wade and Sherri, but at least they'd be together.

The scent of fresh flowers filled the air. She'd brought roses, though Wade would have cussed her out if he knew that. The man had always said they were too girly.

"Lora." She blinked and found Sherri in front of her. "Lora..." More tears fell as the other woman's arms lifted and wrapped around her. "Thank you." A whisper.

Lora held her tight. Sherri. Sweet Sherri. She'd always come to the station, smiling and flirting with Wade.

"Everything's gonna be okay," Lora told her, aware that her own voice was getting choked up. It was just that this place stirred up so many memories.

A lot of people had survived because of this place.

And some-some just hadn't been strong enough.

"Wade's a fighter. He's gonna make it." He would. She pulled back and stared into Sherri's tear-filled eyes. "You keep telling him that, okay?" Because it mattered. You had to hear the words over and over. The pain-you had to know that you'd get past it.

"I will," Sherri promised.

Because sometimes just surviving wasn't enough. He'd made it through the flames, but now Wade had to want to live.

The shrill cry of her phone stopped Monica just as she was leaving her hotel room. She yanked the phone up even as her heart raced. "Davenport." Maybe Sam had found-

"What the hell is taking so long?" Hyde barked.

Hyde.

"You and Lake were supposed to be here thirty minutes ago. I want these interrogations started ASAP. Let's get this-"

"Kenton?" She turned and met Luke's puzzled stare. "Wait-what do you mean we were supposed to be there?" She'd crashed hard once she and Luke had gotten back to the hotel, but she hadn't missed a call from Kenton.

Silence hummed on the line. "You haven't seen Lake?"

Goosebumps rose on her arms. Beside her, Luke tensed.

"I talked to him fifty minutes ago," Hyde told her flatly. "He was supposed to pick you up and bring you to the station."

Her heart kicked into a double-time rhythm. "I haven't seen him." That's not like Kenton.

"He's not answering his cell." She could hear the hint of worry in Hyde's voice.

Hell. Hyde wasn't the type to worry without cause. "I'm going to his room." Be there. Please, Kenton, be there.

Kenton wasn't in his room. With some help from Luke, she'd busted the door down. The bed was empty, the covers rumpled, and Kenton wasn't there.

But his SUV sat waiting, still parked in front of his room.

"This isn't good," Luke muttered.

No, not good at all.

She yanked out her phone and dialed his cell as she paced along the line of rooms. Answer, answer...

But the phone just rang and rang.

Monica froze, then slowly lowered her cell.

She heard the peal of sound then. A loud, quick beat that came from close by. She stumbled forward and her gaze scanned the ground near the ice machine. Oh, hell, it was-

"His cell." Luke's grim voice.

Monica glanced up and let her stare sweep around the lot. "We're going to need a crime scene unit out here."

"You need to come with me."

Lora glanced up at Kim's voice. Garrison and Sherri both turned toward the agent as she stood in the doorway.

"Why?" But she knew why. Phoenix. Lora rushed forward, and Garrison followed right on her heels. "Is there another fire?"

Kim shook her head. "Not yet."

Not yet? Her brows dipped down. "Then why-"

The agent's gaze held hers, and Kim's lips pressed together. She swallowed, then said, "Kenton's missing."

And Lora's world stopped.

When they arrived at the police station, Lora shoved her way through the crowd of cops with Garrison right at her side-until she found the man in charge.

"Hyde." Hyde slowly turned toward her with his jaw locked and his eyes grim.

"Where is he?" Lora demanded.

"We have a crime scene unit at the hotel."

A crime scene unit. She took the words like a punch to the gut. "Kenton's been taken, is that what you think? Is that what you're telling me?"

The voices quieted around her as everyone waited to hear Hyde's response.

"It's too early to know for sure."

What? She flew at him. Her hands grabbed his pristine white shirt, and Lora yanked him close to face her. "Don't give me that crap," she ordered, her voice nearly a yell as the fear that had filled her during the long drive over finally destroyed her control.

Just found him. Can't lose him-Jesus, Kenton!

"Do you think Phoenix has him, Hyde? Tell me!"

Hyde glanced down at her fists, then he looked back up at her eyes. "You should try to remain calm."

A broken laugh slipped from her lips. "Trust me, I'm way past calm."

If Phoenix had him...

Hyde's hands closed over hers and slowly unpried her fingers. "There's been no contact from Agent Lake in over two hours. We have no specifics at this time."

"Two hours?" They'd waited this long to notify her? He could already be dead. Burning.

No.

"But I think it's safe to assume that Agent Lake did not leave willingly from the Millway Hotel."

Her breath hissed out. "Has there been a call? I mean, if Phoenix has him, he'll call and give us a fighting chance."

"There was no call for Bob Kyle." Jon's voice. Tired. Angry. She glanced at him and saw the dark circles under his eyes.

His words sank in, and they might as well have been a knife, because they cut right through her.

"What the hell is this?" Garrison demanded

Her head slowly turned toward him. Everything seemed slow right then.

Garrison stopped at the desk. His gaze was on the files. "My men?" His face tightened.

Kim crept closer to him, eyeing the files, but saying nothing.

"I thought we were past this. I thought-shit-"

"That's a list of suspects..." Pete's voice carried easily across the room. He stalked in and shook his head. "But it's narrowed down now, right, Ramirez? Guess you and Sam tightened the list."

"Down to four," Sam said as she brushed past some uniforms. She looked as tired as Jon. The same dark circles lined her eyes, and the same tightness hardened her mouth.

Lora gazed at her as she tried to focus on what they were saying, but-dammit! She just kept seeing Kenton in her mind. Kenton, surrounded by fire. "Y-you've got four suspects?" Did that mean Pete had been cleared? Had he-

"You know them well, Ms. Spade," Hyde told her, and she could only blink at him. "Some you work with, some you call friends." He paused, then, "Frank Garrison-"

"The hell you say," Garrison snapped. "Kenton knows I had nothing to do with-"

"Rick Suvalis," Hyde continued quietly. "Max Quint, and Seth MacIntyre."

Her right temple throbbed. "How-"

"They're all tied to the station," Sam said.

"And they've all been injured by fire," Pete added. "That was the link, wasn't it? I knew after I talked to Davenport... they'd all felt the burn."

"What the f**k?" Garrison shoved the files away. "I'm no killer. You can't-"

"Yeah," Pete said. "It sucks being a suspect."

Lora's gaze rose to Garrison. He didn't fit the age profile Davenport had given for Phoenix, and-"Garrison's been with me at the hospital. He didn't have anything to do with-with Kenton."

"We've already ruled you out, Garrison," Hyde said, voice unruffled. "And we've got two of your men waiting in Interrogation right now."

Two?

"Quint and Suvalis. It was easy enough to round them up."

Then just one was missing. One...

Seth.

Her breath caught even as her phone rang, vibrating in her pocket with a squeal. She pulled it out and glanced down at the screen. Lora could feel all the eyes on her. Don't know that number. She turned away, fumbling. "Hello?" Not a good time. End the call. I can't do this-

"Walk away from them." A man's whisper.

She didn't take another step. "What?"

"Alert them, and he burns right f**king now."

Lora lowered the phone and swallowed back the ball of fear in her throat. Glancing over her shoulder, she saw Hyde's watchful eyes on her. Kim stood at his side now, with her hand on his arm. Lora cleared her throat. "M-my brother..." She motioned to the phone. "Ryan wants to make sure I-I'm all right."

Hyde nodded, then bent to whisper to Kim.

Lora pushed through the crowd and headed for the corner at the far right. "What do you want?" she asked quietly.

A soft sigh rustled in her ear. "You know, don't you?"

"Yeah, Seth, I f**king know," she whispered right back to him. Three suspects in the station. One on the loose. Didn't have to be a damn genius to figure out who the bad guy was.

"If you tell them it's me on the phone, I'll light him up right now."

"Don't!" Too sharp, too loud. She cleared her throat. "Don't worry, Ryan, I'm okay. You don't need to come down here."

"Because you're coming to me," he taunted. "You're gonna get away from the cops and the agent ass**les, and you're coming to me."

"Why?" Why the f**k had he done all this?

But he only laughed. "Get here in time, and maybe you can save him."

Bullshit. He'd kill her and Kenton both. Or try.

"He's already surrounded by gasoline. One light... he's gone."

Why? The question screamed through her mind.

"You know, I think I like the gas best. Its fire is so damn beautiful, and it burns so fast."

Asshole.

"If I see a cop," he rasped, "so much as one f**king flashing light, he's dead."

Her eyes closed.

"You and the flames, Lora. You and the flames. Let's see who's stronger. The fire can f**king judge."

"Where?" she whispered from a mouth gone bone dry.

"Your place." Another low laugh. "Knew they'd never look here."

And her neighbors were all at work during the day. No one would be there to see the flames, at least not until it was too late.

"Hurry, Lora. We're waiting for you."

The call ended. Her fingers tightened around the phone. Damn nightmare. She shot a glance over her shoulder. The cops were huddled around Hyde as they got their orders. No one was watching her. Not now.

Her gaze darted to the door. That exit was so close.

I'm coming, Kenton.

Monica shoved her way through the cops in the bullpen and reached Hyde just as she heard him ask, "What do we know about Seth MacIntyre?"

"A team of my cops are at his house," Captain Lawrence said as he straightened his spine. "They'll do a sweep to see-"

"That's not good enough." Hyde pointed his index finger toward Ramirez. "Get over there. If you find something, you call me."

Ramirez nodded. The poor guy looked as if he was about to collapse, but he spun away and ran for the door.

Hyde looked at Monica. "Did you find anything at the scene?"

Monica slanted a quick glance Sam's way. Sam seemed even paler now. "Blood." Not enough for a death scene, but enough for her to know that Kenton had been hurt when he left that parking lot.

Sam flinched, but she sucked in a deep breath and her shaking hands reached for a nearby folder. "Seth MacIntyre received two burn injuries in his life," she told them quietly as she handed the file to Hyde. "The first incident occurred when he was-"

"Just a kid." Garrison's gravelly voice interrupted her. "He was just a kid when that fire tore through his house. It killed his mom and dad. I barely got him out, and the flames burned the hell out of his arm."

"What was the cause of that fire?" Monica asked as she reached for the file. Luke was behind her, watching and waiting.

Garrison's chin notched up. "Accident-it was an accid-"

"You sure?" They were dealing with a serial arsonist. One who loved the fire more than life. Just when had that addiction started?

Garrison's shoulders hunched. "No... no, he was a kid... he had to bury his parents. He got sent to live with an uncle outside of town... Just a kid."

But Monica knew some monsters were made as children.

Just a kid. That was an excuse that she'd stopped believing years ago.

"Seth... you really think..." Garrison sagged against the desk. "He can be a bit of a prick sometimes, but a killer?"

"Sometimes, you don't see the killers," Luke replied. "Not until it's too late."

"He worked by my side, right in the fire with me, for years." Still disbelieving.

"Until the fire caught him," Sam murmured. "About two years ago-"

"Carter pulled him out." Garrison swiped his hand over his forehead. "Bad one, that night. Beam fell from the ceiling, caught his leg, screwed up his knee. Carter had to haul him out..." He blinked. "Carter." A stark whisper. His eyes lifted slowly, and met Monica's stare. "You're telling me... you're saying Seth killed Carter?"

"Uh, Hyde..." Sam's hesitant voice stopped Monica from responding. "Where's Lora?"

"She's coming."

Kenton forced his eyes open. He squinted as he tried to see through the darkness and focus on-

Seth MacIntyre smiled down at him.

Kenton lurched forward, only to be jerked back. His arms and legs were tied, shit, bound to the bedposts. Lora's bedposts.

His gaze flew around the room. Lora's room. The scent of smoke still drifted in the air.

"Guess you've been here before," Seth murmured.

"Let me the f**k go!"

Seth's smile stretched. "I told you that Lora was just using you." He leaned close. Come on, ass**le, just a bit closer. "She wanted to get her revenge on Carter's killer-"

"On you!"

He blinked. "Well, yes." His smile didn't dim. "She would do anything for her revenge. Well, I guess she did do anything, didn't she?"

Ah, now he was close enough. Kenton slammed his head into Seth's. He caught the bastard's nose and heard the crunch of bone. Blood splattered on him.

"Bastard!" Seth stumbled back as his hands flew to cover his broken nose. "Look what you f**king did!"

"Newsflash, I'm gonna do a hell of a lot more!" He yanked at the bindings-bedsheets. They'd been cut and tied around him. His head throbbed, the drumming ache making nausea rise in his throat as-

Something wet hit his chest. Wet, and that smell... Christ.

Seth was smiling again. The bastard smiled through the blood that dripped onto his lips. "Figured this would be fitting for you. The bed you f**ked in will be the bed you die in." He hefted the container he was holding and poured more gasoline onto Kenton's body and face.

The liquid spilled over Kenton and soaked the sheets beneath him as he struggled. Fear pumped in his blood. So much gasoline.

"She's coming, you know." Seth walked around the room, still pouring that gas and slowly making a trail toward the door. "Maybe she'll save you. Or maybe she'll just burn with you." He stilled. "It's time for that bitch to burn," Seth whispered.

She's coming. Kenton's heart stopped beating. "No, don't you touch her!"

But Seth just laughed. "I won't need to." Gasoline sloshed onto the floor. Lora's floor. The house she loved. "The fire will do the touching for me."

"No, no, wait, come back!"

Seth shook his head. "I got to get ready for Lora. She'll be here soon." His head cocked. Blood still streamed from his nose but the guy didn't even seem to be aware of the pain. He walked away and Kenton's eyes narrowed. Wait, something was different. Kenton couldn't figure-

The bastard wasn't limping.

The witnesses had never mentioned a limp, so he hadn't seriously considered Seth as a suspect. The witnesses had seen him walking-no one had mentioned a limp.

Shit, he hadn't thought of the guy as the killer, even though the guy had f**king shown him a trophy wall at his office. All those grisly pictures-staring right back at him.

Fucking trophies. Serials always liked to keep a part of their crimes. Seth had kept all the gory photos and put them right out front for the world to see.

The prick had flaunted it right in their faces.

"Nothing's wrong with your leg!"

Seth stopped. "Something was wrong." A shrug lifted his shoulders. "But I got it fixed. About six months ago, I had some surgery and did some rehab for a while."

And the fires had stopped. While the killer healed, the fires had stopped.

Seth set down the gasoline can and stripped off his shirt. "The limp was fake, but these..." The shirt hit the floor and almost instantly became soaked in the gasoline. "They're all real." Long, angry red scars swiped over his arms. "My first." His fingers traced a lighter line near his left elbow. "But not my last."

Sick freak. "Lora's going to bring the cops. She'll bring my agents! You're screwed, man, screwed-"

Laughter. Seth picked up the gas can. "No, she won't bring anyone. I really do know her pretty well. She won't risk your life."

"You don't know a thing about her!"

Seth's eyes narrowed. "I know what her face looks like when she breaks. What she looks like when her world burns and she screams and she begs her lover to live." He used the back of his right hand to swipe the blood from his mouth. "I saw it, saw her, and it was so damn beautiful." He turned away and murmured, "Maybe I'll see all that again."

"No, come back!" Kenton wrenched his arms, nearly breaking his wrists as he struggled. "Come back!" Because he knew what that bastard was doing.

Setting a trap for Lora.

And using him for the bait.

"Lora wasn't talking to her brother." Peter slammed the phone back down on his desk, and Monica turned to face him. "Ryan hasn't heard from her. Now he's scared and mad as hell and wants answers."

Why would Lora lie? Monica knew the answer-to protect Kenton.

"She's got three brothers," Garrison said, "Maybe one of-"

"Ben and Jake were there." Peter gave a negative shake of his head. "None of them called her."

"She lied," Hyde fired, gritting his back teeth. "Dammit, she had him on the phone."

"No." Garrison was adamant. "If Kenton had called-"

"Not Kenton." Monica spoke quietly, as her gaze rose to meet Luke's. She saw the understanding in his gaze. "Phoenix."

"She would have said something." Sam's eyes were huge behind her glasses. Her trembling hands sent paper flying across the desk. "She-Lora would have told one of us. If the guy has Kenton-"

"If the guy has Kenton, that's exactly why she didn't say a word." Luke's watchful gaze shifted to Sam. Monica knew he saw the same thing that she did on Sam's face-too much fear. She wasn't ready to be back in the field.

Garrison's bushy brows rose up as his fist slammed onto the desk. "If Lora's gone, she's trying to save him!"

"Yes," Monica said, because that was the only explanation that made sense.

"No victims have survived so far." Hyde's voice flowed flatly.

Sam flinched.

Kenton. A good man. A good agent. He'd always had her back, and she trusted him completely.

Hyde turned to Garrison. "You almost lost two men at the Randall house."

"Because he sets the fires to trap 'em! Phoenix is-"

"Seth MacIntyre," Hyde snapped. "No more fancy names. We're not dealing with a myth. We're dealing with a man. A f**ked-up, fire-hungry freak who has my agent."

Garrison's shoulders fell. "And my firefighter."

Lora would be walking into a trap and she knew it.

"Lawrence!" Hyde snapped. "Get your men out there! Start canvassing the streets! She's probably on foot. She's-"

"In my truck," Garrison said, voice subdued, and Monica's gaze flew back to him. Garrison swallowed. "When we came in, she-she had the keys."

Finally, a break. Monica's heart slammed into her chest as she called out the order, "Let's get an APB out on that truck-make, model, tag!"

As they scrambled, Hyde watched them with his hands tight at his sides and said, "And get us hooked up immediately with 911. If a fire call comes in..." His eyes met Monica's.

When, not if. They both understood, even if the others didn't.

Hyde cleared his throat. "When that call comes in, we're going to be ready."

Hold on, Kenton.

CHAPTER Twenty

Lora slammed the car door behind her and stared up at her house. Still blocked off by yellow police tape, the sides of the once-white house were charred black. Birds chirped from the trees, and heat rose from the sidewalk in waves. The broken windows in the front of the house had been boarded up. Her brothers must have put up the boards, but those damn boards blocked her from seeing what-who-was inside.

And she didn't see anyone outside, but she was pretty sure that Seth could see her.

She had no weapons. No protective gear if a fire broke out-and it would.

Fear grew in her belly, knotting, tightening her insides, and her breath came far too fast. Kenton was in there. He'd damn well better still be alive.

Lora crept toward the porch. There were no cars around. No one on the street or in the nearby yards. No one to help.

Bring the cops, he dies.

When she stepped onto the porch, the acrid scent burned her nostrils, and her hand rose to cover her nose and mouth instinctively.

Gasoline.

She froze as every muscle in her body tensed. He would have set a trap for her. She wasn't stupid. She knew what he was doing. Same game, fresh bait-Kenton.

I won't leave him for the flames.

She wouldn't leave a stranger, so she sure as hell wouldn't leave someone she cared about.

Screw that-someone she loved.

Forcing her muscles to unlock, she raised her hand and pressed her fingers against the door. No heat. She didn't smell smoke, just the gasoline. Seth hadn't started the fire. Not yet. That meant there was still time.

Her fingers curled around the doorknob.

I'm coming, Kenton.

The sheets binding his right hand finally tore, and Kenton snarled as his hand broke free. He lunged up and struggled to free his left hand even as he heard the squeak of a door's hinges echo through the house.

The front door. Lora. "Get out! Don't come any farther!" he screamed. "Get the hell out!" She wouldn't die for him. She damn well would not die for him.

"No, Lora." Seth's rumbling voice came from right outside the bedroom. "Come in..."

Then Seth was in the doorway. He stood right there on the threshold, with his body half in the room. Smiling that sick, twisted smile, he rolled a match between his fingers.

The overpowering scent of gasoline choked Kenton. The sheet wouldn't give. The knots on his left hand were too tight.

Footsteps pounded up the stairs. "Seth! What have you done? Where's Kenton, you bast-"

"Your lover's here." Seth eased back and lit the match on the side of the doorframe. "Now see if you can save him." Then he tossed the match right into the puddle of gasoline near the door.

Fuck!

Fire blazed up and raced around in that long, perfect trail that Seth had made-the path that ended on the bed.

The flames came for him.

Seth laughed and yanked the door closed.

Lora.

Kenton knew he wasn't going to see her again.

The soft whoosh of the flames filled her ears as Lora ran up the stairs.

"Burn, burn, burn," Seth chanted, smiling at her with blood on his lips. He wore that sick freaking grin as he stood in front of her door.

The smell hit her. Smoke. Fire. The scent came from her bedroom. "Kenton!"

"Circle of flames... can't get him... can only hear him scream..."

But Kenton wasn't screaming. He wasn't making a sound. She reached the landing and ran right at Seth, tucking her head low and slamming into his chest.

Her brothers had taught her well.

Seth hit the door, hard, wood broke, and they tumbled inside.

Right into hell.

Lora rolled away from him and narrowly missed the flames. She ripped away the bottom of her shirt. She shoved it over her mouth and nose as she yelled, "Kenton!"

Smoke filled the room. So fast. Those dancing yellow flames were everywhere.

Her gaze flew to her bed. Flames arched from the mattress and rolled toward the ceiling.

Jesus, where was Kenton? Where?

"Go find him, bitch." Seth slammed his hand into her back, sending her right at the flames. She fell flat on her stomach. Fire raced up her arm. She screamed and slapped out the fire.

Pain. Burning agony that pierces beneath the skin.

"Kenton!"

Seth was running away. She heard the thud of his footsteps as he ran down the stairs.

"Lora..." The call of her name was soft. Tears poured down her face, but those tears weren't from the heat of the fire. They came from fear.

She crawled on the floor. The flames circled around, in a big loop, confined now, but not for long.

He was there. Kenton. He'd tucked his body low on the floor. "Asshole... poured gas all over my chest, my face..."

Her heart froze. If the fire touched him... "Strip off your shirt! Dammit..." She coughed, choking. "Now!"

She ignored the pain in her arm. Lora didn't look at the burns-she didn't want to. Her hands went to his shirt, and she yanked it off. The fabric was wet beneath her fingers. Soaked with gas. Sick bastard. He would pay.

Cover. Kenton needed cover over his bare flesh, but everything was burning. The fire spread rapidly now. Her curtains were melting away, and bubbles formed on the ceiling.

And the smoke was choking her as it filled her lungs and stole her breath. Her eyes stung, and she could barely see.

They had to get out. They were on the second floor. Asphalt was below them-her driveway a bull's-eye drop below. They could have broken legs or-

Kenton coughed, then leaned in close. "B-bastard b-boarded up... window..."

Dammit! The flames were too hot and too out of control. She grabbed his hand. "Stay with me."

The broken door waited for them. Seth waited. But facing him was their only option.

She ran for the door, dodging the flames, and kept Kenton's hand in hers. So much fire.

He cursed behind her, the sound ripe with pain. Lora jumped and twisted through the door. He came behind her, falling, rolling, and she was on him instantly. Lora slapped at the fire on his shoulders and the skin burned and blistered on her fingers.

Her injured hand went to his face. Her fingers curled around his jaw. "I wasn't l-leaving you." The smoke was strong here. They had to get down the stairs. She crushed her mouth to his. "Come on... Kent, let's... get... out of h-h-"

"It's not that easy." Seth's voice drifted up to her, carrying right over the crackle of flames.

She lurched to her feet and didn't let go of Kenton's hand. Wouldn't let go. They were getting out, together. "Down the stairs." They rounded the banister, took the first few stumbling steps, and she saw him.

Seth stood at the bottom of the staircase, a can of gasoline by his side and a match in his hand.

He'd rigged the stairs.

"R-run," she ordered Kenton, shoving him. "Run!"

Seth lit his match.

"We've got her!"

Monica turned at Luke's shout. He had his phone shoved against his ear. His eyes were glittering and his jaw tight as he called out, "The bastard's at Lora's house! He's got her and probably Kenton inside-"

"Get the patrols moving!" Hyde bellowed as he ran for the door. "Now! Garrison-get your trucks there!"

Monica hurried past Sam. Sam's eyes were wide with tears glinting on her lashes.

Spade's house. What a perfect kill spot for MacIntyre. He'd already feel comfortable there, and the exterior of the house would be weak from the previous fire. The better to collapse quickly. Another trap just waiting to spring on Phoenix's prey.

Monica jumped into the nearest patrol car, and Luke climbed in right behind her. A fresh-faced cop was already buckled up behind the well. "Get that siren on," Luke demanded, "and haul ass."

The flames came at Kenton. He swore and tightened his hold on Lora. "Jump!" They went over the banister together. They hit the floor, hard, and Kenton felt his ankle pop. Dammit. "Lora! L-Lora," he coughed, choked, and finally managed, "Are... you-"

She rose next to him. Tears streamed down her face and the fire reflected in her golden eyes. "Okay. I-I'm..."

"You're going to burn."

Kenton turned his head and saw Seth standing in front of the doorway. The bastard had hammered boards in front of the door. He'd locked himself in with them? With the fire?

Crazy bastard. "You'll... burn w-with us." Glass seemed to cut Kenton's throat with every word. There had been so much smoke in that bedroom.

Then Lora had come to him. She'd sailed right through the flames.

An angel in hell.

"The fire won't hurt me." Seth straightened his shoulders and laughed. "I control the flames."

"Bullshit." Lora didn't get off the floor. She stayed crouched next to him, and Kenton wondered just how "okay" she really was. "The fire's got... you before. If it..." She broke off, coughing, "weren't for C-Carter, that fire would have... killed you."

Finally, that sick devil's grin slipped. "That f**king beam shouldn't have given way! It was rotted wood, I-I didn't know-"

"What?" Lora gasped. Now she was on her knees and glaring at Seth as the fire raged. "You set that f-fire, didn't you? You set it!"

And as the puzzle pieces slammed into place, Kenton was willing to bet Seth had set that one and dozens more. "You set it, then set... y-yourself up as the hero." Now it was Kenton's turn to cough and choke on smoke, "s-stopping the flames..."

"I always stopped the flames! I controlled them!"

"You were supposed to s-stop the fires, n-not start them!" Lora screamed. She yanked at what was left of her shirt and tore more fabric free. She forced the cloth into Kenton's hand.

"I did stop them!" Another match was in his hand. Kenton saw it rolling between Seth's fingers. "I was the lead on Garrison's team. I saved people, so many... damn," Seth coughed, "people-"

Kenton covered his mouth and nose with the cloth that she'd given him. The smoke was thicker around them. The fire was rising steadily. They could talk all f**king day... and burn.

Enough of this shit.

"You saved them?" Lora shrieked. "You set them up to b-burn-"

Kenton lunged for the bastard, and his ankle nearly gave way, but he pushed on, stumbling-

Seth pulled out a gun. My gun. Shit.

"Don't be a hero." Another cough broke from Seth. The smoke was finally getting to him, too. Seth aimed the gun at him. "It really doesn't f**king pay. All you get is pain. Then... when you're down, when your f-flesh," he coughed, "is peeling from you, and you can't even piss by y-yourself, the world turns away." The gun shook.

They had to get out. None of them were going to last much longer. With the windows boarded up, the heat was trapped inside and searing them all. "Before I-I wanted to prove that I knew the-the fire better than anyone else..."

Because you set it, you freak.

"A-after..." He raised his arms and the barrel of the gun shifted. "I couldn't f-fight the fires. Garrison benched me. Me."

The bastard brought the gun back up and aimed it right in the middle of Kenton's chest.

The fire or the gun...

At least the gun would be faster. Burning wasn't the way he wanted to go.

But what about Lora? He had to get her to safety. If he took out Seth, she'd have a chance.

Have to hurry. The flames... His body trembled.

"You..." Her voice was a hoarse rasp. "You killed... innocent people..."

"Guilty... I knew... Peter said..." Seth raised the gun and swiped his forehead. The guy weaved a bit.

What? Christ, they didn't have time for this. "You're gonna die here, with... us." It hurt so badly to speak, but Kenton wouldn't show weakness to this ass**le. "The fire's gonna judge you, too."

"L-let it. I-I'm ready..."

Kenton wasn't. He'd just found Lora. He didn't want to die. He wanted her. Wanted a home. Wanted kids. A dog. Hell, maybe even a damn picket fence.

And he wouldn't let that fire have her. Not her.

Kenton leaped at Seth, ignoring the pain shooting from his ankle.

The gun fired.

"Kenton!"

No!

The explosion echoed over the flames and Lora lurched up-even as Kenton fell. He sagged in front of Seth and slid to his knees.

Then Kenton's hand shot up, locked around Seth's, and curled tight around the wrist that still held the gun. Kenton pulled, hard.

A hand shouldn't go back that far.

Seth screamed. His anguished cry tangled with the fire.

Something cracked. Bones. The gun fell to the floor.

Kenton shoved the killer back against the door. Once. Twice. Seth's head rammed into the boards that he'd nailed up. His eyes widened, then rolled back into his head.

He slumped, his body sliding down to the floor as Kenton crawled back.

Lora grabbed Kenton and held tight. "Kent..." No more than a rasp. Hurts to breathe. "You... s-scared m-me..." His chest was wet.

Her shaking fingers lifted. That wetness wasn't sweat. Red. Blood. "Kenton?"

His eyes were open, barely. His lips tried to curl. "L-love... y-you..."

"No..." No, you can't do this! "No!" He was dying right in front of her. So much blood....

The blood soaked his chest. Covered her. His hand lifted and brushed over her cheek. "G-go..."

Her tears fell onto his skin. Didn't he know her by now? "Not without you."

She saw the fear in his eyes. Fear and pain and love as he choked out,

"G-go!" Her head bent, and she kissed him with tears on her lips and fire teasing her flesh. "I love you." She'd say it. She'd make damn sure he heard her. "I love you." He'd know that, no matter what. "We're not dying here." Her promise to him.

I am. It was in his eyes.

"No," she whispered. "You're not."

Lora staggered to her feet. She managed to grab the wood across the door, and she pulled. Give way, come on, just give-

The damn wood wasn't budging. Seth had nailed the boards across the door, into the frame, and he'd secured them fast while she and Kenton fought the flames upstairs.

Her gaze flew to the windows as she covered her mouth. They were boarded from the outside, but maybe...

The wood covering the window to the right shattered, and the broken shards flew into the house. An ax glinted in the light. Lifted. Drove down again.

More wood flew.

Backup. Help. The good guys.

She grabbed Kenton and pulled him with her. "It's okay..." His eyes were closed. His face so pale. "We're g-gettin' out-"

"Lora!" A woman's scream.

Then Kim was there as the agent shoved her upper body through the window. "Spade! You f**king answer me!"

"H-help!" Almost there, just a little more...

Kim jumped through the window and skirted the flames. "Oh, shit..." She covered her mouth with one hand and grabbed for Kenton with the other.

They dragged him. Together they pulled and battled the flames with couch cushions and rugs, and they got Kenton to that window.

Kim hopped through first, but she kept a tight grasp on Kenton's arm and heaved...

Kenton groaned.

You'll be okay. Hold on... Lora couldn't speak anymore. Too much smoke.

She started to sway, and her hold on Kenton slipped.

He went through the window. Outside. He'd gotten out of the fire. Safe.

Sirens screamed. More help was coming. EMTs. They'd get Kenton and make him better. They had to.

She braced her hands on the window. Seth was still in there. The fire surrounded him.

Let him burn.

The vengeance that she'd wanted for so long was right there. The man who'd killed Carter, who'd attacked Kenton-it was his turn to burn.

But she glanced back.

And found Seth standing right behind her.

"You're n-not gettin' out," he whispered, and his arms locked around her. "You wanted C-Carter... for so long, let's go j-join him." He pulled her right back into the fire.

No!

She spun against him and rammed her knee into his crotch even as she slammed her fist into his jaw. His hold loosened, and she scrambled back, back-

"You'll burn!"

Lora tripped on the broken boards and fell onto the floor.

He laughed. "So... easy..." Seth lunged for her.

A gun fired. Once. Twice.

Seth froze. His mouth hung open, and his wide, startled eyes stared down at her. The flames gathered behind him.

Lora's fingers tightened on the gun that she'd just grabbed. Kenton's gun. It had been thrown down earlier, but not forgotten.

Seth sank to the floor.

Blood pooled on his chest. Her brothers had taught her to shoot, too.

With a roar, her stairs collapsed. The ceiling gave way as the fire rose ever higher.

She crawled to the window, choking, gagging now, hurting. But that fresh air was so close. Kenton-he was out there. She had to get to him.

Lora dropped the gun. Her hands reached up and curled around the window ledge. She pulled up, straining her muscles.

"I've got you." Kim stared down at her. The agent grabbed her arms and hoisted her up. "Told you... having me... your lucky day."

Lora fell onto the porch and barely felt the pain as her body rammed against the wood. She gasped, struggling to take in a full breath.

A swirl of red and blue lights flashed before her. Brakes squealed. Voices shouted.

Kim's arms wrapped around Lora, and Kim supported her. "Let's get out of here."

Lora didn't look back again. She looked for Kenton and found him laid out on the grass, not moving.

Please, no.

Kim pulled her. "Come on, Lora, come on."

Firefighters jumped from the truck.

Lora fell by Kenton's side. Her fingers, covered with red blisters, touched his face. "Kenton?" She leaned in close. His eyes were still shut. She could see the bullet wound. Deep and close to his heart. "Don't... leave me." Her chest wheezed as she fought for breath.

"Where the hell is he?" a man shouted. The voice was familiar-Hyde.

Lora rocked forward, staying close to Kenton.

She'd been here before. Nearly the exact scene. She took his hand again. Another day. Another fire. Another man.

Not again. Please, God, not again.

"The suspect's still inside," Kim shouted from right behind her, but Lora didn't look back.

"Alive?" Monica's voice. Lora didn't look at her, either. She didn't look anywhere but at Kenton. Her hands were on his chest, pressing hard as she tried to stop the blood from pumping out.

"Doubtful," Kim said, "but-"

"I need h-help with the bleeding!" Lora screamed. He wasn't dying in front of her. He wasn't. "Kenton, open... your eyes!"

"Lora..." He breathed her name.

"Don't l-leave me." A desperate order. "You... can't."

His eyes still didn't open, but his lips moved, a bare whisper. "Won't."

Then the EMTs were there. They pulled her back to check Kenton. They started swearing as they hurriedly loaded him onto the gurney.

"She's hurt, too." Kim grabbed her shoulder, and Lora barely felt the touch.

"Spade!" Garrison shoved toward her, with Rick and Max right at his heels. "Spade, thank Christ!" He reached for her and hauled her into a bear hug. She pressed back against him for a moment, just a moment, and held tight. "Lora-Lora, what the hell happened-"

She shook her head and tugged free. There was so much to say. So many secrets. But Lora couldn't stand to be away from Kenton right then. She hurried back to his side. Her eyes squeezed shut. I can still see the fire.

Something brushed against her fingertips. Light. Familiar.

Her eyes opened. Kenton's fingers pressed against hers.

Her head lifted. His eyes were open. On her.

I love you. Her turn to whisper.

He smiled, showing her a ghost of his dimples.

"Get him to the hospital," Monica ordered, "now!"

The EMTs lifted him, and their fingers broke apart. "I'm c-coming... with h-him!"

"Damn straight," Kim muttered. "You look like hell."

Lora ran beside the men, brushing away their questions. Kenton came first. He had to get stable. They had to make certain the bullet hadn't nicked his heart. He'd need blood, a transfusion, saline-

"We know, Lora!" Carl, one of the EMTs, said, and she realized she'd been shouting the whole time.

They loaded him up. She crawled inside, then turned around and saw-

Her house. Burning. Red and orange flames. So bright.

My home.

Two firefighters ran out, but their arms were empty. No body. The flames were too hot. The fire too strong.

Seth MacIntyre was still in that house.

Burn.

CHAPTER Twenty-one

Monica watched the ambulance lights fade away. Her fast heartbeat shook her chest, and she forced herself to take a deep, slow breath.

"He's going to make it."

Luke sounded confident, but then, he always was. She gave a quick nod. Kenton would make it. He was strong, and she knew Lora Spade wasn't about to let her man die.

"Good job, Donalds," Hyde said, and her gaze turned back to Kim. "If you hadn't followed Spade to this house..."

We all might have arrived too late. Monica didn't need him to finish the sentence.

Kim's stare held his. "Just doing my job, sir. Kenton told me to stay with her..." Kim's head inclined toward him. "So I stayed on her tail."

Shouts came from the house. The firefighters had pulled back, and the roof fell in with a loud whoosh.

"He's not coming out of that," Luke said quietly.

No, he wasn't. Phoenix wouldn't rise again.

Kim and Hyde headed for Garrison's team. Monica knew they'd need to get statements. They needed to block off the scene and get ready for the reporters who would be swarming them.

"Kenton's going to make it," Luke told her again, and his arm brushed against her.

Luke-always trying to reassure her. She swallowed. Life could be so hard sometimes. So very dangerous. There were no promises in this world. No guarantees of happy endings. Monica knew that truth better than most.

But...

But sometimes, you had to take your chance at happiness and hold on tight to it. "I'm not moving into that hole in the wall you call an apartment." Her voice came out a little raspy. Probably due to the black smoke thickening the air.

His hands caught her shoulders, and he turned her to face him. "Monica?"

"But there's plenty of room at my place. If you want to move in there."

His smile came slowly, and it made her pulse quicken, just as it always did. "You sure?"

She'd never been more certain of anything-or anyone. "Yes." Because she didn't want to spend any more time away from him.

Life was too short. Death was too quick.

If she was going to spend her days chasing killers, then she damn well wanted to spend her nights with the man she loved.

"Easy, Lake. Just take it easy." The voice seemed too loud. Too close. Kenton opened his eyes and immediately squinted against the light. He tried to speak-

Only a groan emerged. Jesus, it felt as if he'd swallowed fire.

Fire.

He lurched up, a series of beeps rang out, loud and long, and something pulled hard on his arm. "Lor... a..." A whisper, not the yell it should have been.

"Damn, son, take it easy, you can't pull out your IV." Hyde's frowning face came into focus.

IV? His gaze flew around the room. So white and bright. Beside him, a stack of machines flashed green and red lights.

He was in a bed. Hospital.

His right hand lifted, and his palm pressed over his chest. The IV tugged at him.

"The shot missed your heart, but you bled..." Hyde sighed. "Too much. You had the docs really going for a while."

Kenton's gaze lifted to Hyde's.

"Don't ever do that again," his boss ordered.

For Lora? No, he would do it. If it meant saving her, hell, yeah. "Wh-where..." Why did it hurt so much to talk?

"You had a tube down your throat for the last two days," Hyde told him as he shoved a straw toward Kenton's mouth. "Take it easy. Didn't I tell you that already?"

He realized that Hyde looked different. He wore a wrinkled suit. There were deeper lines near his eyes and thick stubble-black sprinkled with gray-covered his jaw.

"Lora." She was the only thing that mattered right then. He'd seen her, outside that house-hadn't he? Those last moments were jumbled, confused, but there was an image of her floating in his head.

Pale cheeks. Wide eyes. Lips that trembled and said I love you.

The machines beeped louder.

Please, don't be a f**king dream.

"I'm here."

His head swiveled to the right and it hurt, but he didn't care, because Lora stood just inside the doorway. Her arms were bandaged, her hands covered with gauze, and-

So beautiful.

"I had to-to get the bandages changed or I would have been here-" She exhaled and stared at him with wide eyes. "You scared me."

And it wasn't easy to scare Lora Spade.

Hyde cleared his throat and stepped back. Kenton lifted his hand and realized that he had white gauze to match hers.

She came to him with her eyes shining and her lips smiling.

"Told you he was too tough to let one bullet take him down," Hyde muttered, crossing his arms. "It takes one hell of a lot more than that to knock out an SSD agent."

Yeah, well, the bullet and the fire had come pretty close.

Lora leaned over him. He wanted to touch her, but didn't want to hurt her. Burns. He remembered her slapping the fire around him. On him. Kenton stared up at her. "I love you, Lora Spade."

Her gaze held his. He saw her swallow.

"Monica is tying up the last of the loose ends," Hyde said, "but the Phoenix case will be officially closed in just a few more days." He pointed at Kenton. "And you'll tell the city. You'll be the face on the news they see, letting them know they're safe again."

"Another one down," Kenton murmured.

"And the rest of them had better f**king fear us." Hyde nodded, then the briefest of smiles lifted his lips.

Hyde's mission was personal. Kenton knew that, but not why. And he'd never asked. Some secrets just weren't for sharing.

"Take it easy, Lake. No setbacks. I want you in fighting form again soon."

"Yes, sir."

Hyde glanced at Lora. "Ms. Spade, it's been a pleasure. You ever get the urge for a career change, you call me."

Uh, no.

"Thank you, Hyde." What? Was that some warmth in her voice? For Hyde? No one's voice warmed for Hyde. The guy was too scary.

But Lora was smiling at him.

And the guy grinned back at her.

Two days-just what had been going on while he'd been out?

Then Hyde was gone, and the door swung shut behind him.

Alone with Lora.

"You scared me so much." No warmth lightened her voice now. He only heard the echoes of fear. "You were on the ground in front of me, bleeding out, and I-I couldn't stop it. I was so scared that I'd lose you."

He shook his head. "Not going to happen."

"I thought I was gonna break apart out there," she whispered with eyes down. "You weren't moving, and I thought you'd left me."

She leaned forward and brushed her body against his. "I love you, Kent." Her lips stopped just inches from his. "I didn't plan on this, but I love you."

And he would die for her. Or kill for her.

He'd almost done both.

A strong woman could drive a man to the edge and beyond. Now, he knew what waited beyond. Knew what he'd always been looking for-and had finally found.

Her mouth took his. Warm and sweet and soft and real.

No monsters. No death. No evil.

Silken skin. Delicate lips.

Love.

His right arm curled around her. She was the one he'd always wanted.

A woman who'd walked through the fire.

And sent the devil back to hell.

Now... it was their turn to rise from the ashes.

Epilogue

T wo months later...

When the knock sounded at his door, Hyde wanted to ignore it. He'd known this moment was coming. Only a matter of time...

He rolled his shoulders. "Come on in, Lake."

Kenton popped his head inside. The blinds on the door were down. "How'd you know it was me?"

Because Monica wasn't the only one good at reading people.

Kenton held a manila file in his hand. Hyde raised his brows. "A new case?" No, he knew it wasn't.

Kenton's jaw locked. "Sir." He shut the door, stepped fully inside, and took a deep breath. "Working with the SSD has been an opportunity I'll always be grateful for..."

Hyde leaned back in his chair and pointed at the file. "But those are transfer papers, and you're ready to get the hell out of here."

Kenton blinked. "Uh, how'd you-"

Come on, did his team think he was blind? "When you woke up in the hospital, her name was the first thing you said." The guy hadn't cared about himself. Hadn't asked about the case, just-

Lora.

Kenton straightened his shoulders and crossed the room. He put the file in the middle of Hyde's desk. "She was the only thing that mattered."

Hyde's gaze drifted to the framed photo on his desk. A woman with pure coffee-cream skin, a wide, sweet smile, and chocolate eyes gazed back at him.

He let his gaze slide back to his agent. "I heard Spade is up for a new job."

Kenton's lips curled. "Arson investigator."

The higher-ups in Charlottesville knew a good move when they saw one, and Hyde was certain that position would be Lora's. Those folks needed all the good PR they could get, and if they wanted to restore confidence in their department, they'd put their best fire eater on top.

According to every news report he'd seen, Lora Spade was golden. She was the one who'd slain the monster and saved the day.

The woman who walked through fire.

"I've got something there, with her." Kenton's gaze never wavered. The guy had always been direct. One of the reasons Hyde liked the man. "I have a chance to be happy, and I'm going to take it."

Kenton knew how dangerous the world was. So many agents knew, and that danger stopped them from really living. Monica had almost stopped. She'd walled herself off for years, then he'd had the good sense to shove Luke into her path.

Monica wouldn't leave the job. It was too deep in her blood, but she'd needed balance. She'd needed hope.

Luke had given her both.

And it seemed Lora Spade had given Kenton a new start, too.

Hyde leaned forward and flipped open the file. Seeing the transfer request inside wasn't a surprise. The guy wanted to move to a field office in Virginia.

He glanced up. "You think you're going to get the picket fence, Agent Lake?"

"I'm damn well going to try."

Good luck. "You've been good in this division, son. You ever want back in, you let me know."

"Thank you."

Ah, but Kenton wasn't getting away that easily. "I'll give you the transfer"-because he'd known it was coming, and he'd already taken steps to hire a replacement-"but I might need you..."

"Need me?" Kenton's brows flew up.

Hyde let his own lips curl. "You'll know when I do. We'll just call it contract work."

The agent's eyes narrowed.

"Not too much," Hyde allowed, but he wasn't about to let Kenton go, not completely. Not yet. "Just when special cases arise."

"Aren't all of the SSD's cases 'special'?"

No. Some were sick and twisted, but they sure weren't special.

Hyde's smile faded. "If I call you, it'll be because I need you."

Kenton nodded. "Yes, sir."

And when he called, Hyde knew he could count on Kenton. "Invite me to the wedding, Agent Lake, or I'll be pissed."

Kenton laughed.

Sometimes, Hyde wanted to see happy endings, too.

"You'll have a front-row seat," Kenton promised before he eased from the room.

When he'd gone, Hyde's gaze drifted back to the photo. After years of having it in storage, he'd taken it out again just a few days ago.

Sometimes... he just got so tired of the nightmares.

But nightmares were his job. He'd made that decision long ago. Facing the monsters. Stopping them-that was what he did.

His fingers slid over Angela's face.

Killers, like MacIntyre, were often very good at hiding in plain sight. Hiding as lovers, friends, wives.

But no one could hide forever, and his team was getting good at hunting down serials and forcing them into the full light of day. No matter what it took, they would be stopped.

The SSD would make sure of it.

Hide while you can, but we're coming after you.

Time to drag the monsters into the light.

Even if they had to do it one at a f**king time.

