Chapter 1

"I can't breathe," Izzie wheezed as we were pressed together in the oversized locker. Since she had gotten dropped from the soccer team last month, her endurance had taken a real kicking.

"We should have rethought this." I tried to get my hand up high enough to unlatch the door. Cayenne pepper! I needed some air. "Move your arm," I whispered, trying to get past Izzie.

Although our SOS assignments often put us in compromised positions, this space reeked of sweaty socks mixed with Izzie's liberal application of Victoria's Secret body cream. I was suffocating!

Finally, just before I lost consciousness, my fingers clutched the cold metal, and we tumbled out. Izzie landed on her cheer-skirted rear and luckily broke my fall as I piled on top of her.

"Ow," she said, climbing to her feet and rubbing her backside. "I feel concussed."

"You have to hit your head to have a concussion-" Wait. I immediately popped up and darted a look around the locker room. Our mission!

The place was empty. We'd made zero progress on the Blaze Harmon investigation even though we'd gotten the anonymous tip nearly a week ago. I'd been staking out this field house as if it were my job-well, I guess it sort of was, but I still had other things to do! Like meet up with Joel.

Joel-my ex-bestfriend's ex-boyfriend-had been extremely patient with my let's-take-it-slow attitude. After all, he'd just broken up with Kira and I'd just broken up (officially this time) with Aiden. It was a real heartache complication for both of us. But Joel was sweet as honey and patient as molasses. Not to mention adorable.

I glanced at my watch and saw that the players would be back from practice any second. Our source had said that the meet ups usually occurred before or during warm-ups, but we'd been waiting in here for close to an hour and nothing. We'd have to adjust our tactics and regroup.

"I think we're better off planting a listening device and coming back to spy another night." I brushed off my pants and wondered if Joel would be around later. Sigh. It seemed like we were always just missing each other.

Izzie nodded and slid open the zipper of her leather fanny pack-horribly unattractive but a must for staking out in tight spaces-and fished out a small metal device. She removed the adhesive backing and looked around.

"Where should I stick it?"

Hm. "Oh." I pointed behind her. "Put it under the bench; that way the voices won't be filtered out behind a locker."

"So smart, Tess." She beamed and pressed it in place under the wooden seat.

"Now let's skedaddle," I said and headed for the exit. Only just before I pushed on the metal bar, I heard voices on the other side. Dang it! I should have suffered through locker asphyxiation for a little bit longer!

"Emergency exit," I whispered loudly, waving for Izzie to get back. It was too late to get into proper hideout positions now. Thank goodness Leona had planned out a second escape route in case we were compromised.

Izzie and I nearly trampled each other getting to the showers just as the raucous sounds of testosterone echoed through the main room.

There was a small window above the third stall that was just big enough for a cheerleader to get through. Kira had keyed us into it from her early dating days-which were plentiful. Long story.

"We're so busted," Izzie said, fretting as I held out my intertwined fingers for her to step into.

"Positive attitude." I grunted as I boosted her up. There was a loud squeak as she pushed open the rectangular window.

"Go wash your pits, bro," someone that I recognized as Peter Harrison-tight end-called out.

"Oh my!" Izzie rolled through the window, and I winced when I heard the crash on the other side. Oops. We probably should have moved the outside trash cans as a precaution.

"You hear that?" Peter called out from the main room. I gulped.

I put my sneaker on the shower wall and tried to climb, but it kept slipping down the white tiles. Cracker Jack prize! I was going to get caught for sure.

"Psst."

I looked up to see Izzie's pink-polished nails poke through the window and reach out for me. Rubbing my palm across the rubber sole of my shoe, I tried to get it prepped to climb. I stuck it on the wall again and ricocheted my way toward the open pane. I caught the edge of the window, and Izzie wrapped her hand around my wrist.

She pulled as I climbed until I was finally able to hook my elbow over the side. There was a noise behind me that sounded like the door opening, but I wasn't going to stick around to see for sure. Instead, I used all of the strength I'd built up from lifting my pom-poms these last few years and chin-upped my way through the window.

Once again, Izzie was there to break my fall-this time without having to hit the ground (and luckily the trash cans had been set aside). The minute I touched sneaker to soil, we darted across the lawn from the field house toward the back parking lot, where I'd parked.

When we got to my car, I paused, bending down to rest my hands on my knees. Good thing I'd been working out a lot. That fast dash might have killed me otherwise.

"That was so close," Izzie panted from the passenger side. She was lying across the car, sweat pouring down her face. Poor thing really should have tried to keep up with her soccer regimen.

"I know. But at least we got out of there undetected. I'll tell you, Iz. Getting back into spying is a lot harder than I remember." And it was true. I could have sworn we were much smoother about this! "Check the feed," I said, and straightened.

Izzie took her cell from her fanny pack and dialed up the line that the device fed into. She waited a beat and then smiled. "Total score."

"Strawberry smoothie."

She giggled. "Rex Hartguard just said he wants to bone you."

I shook my head. "Romantic." Clicking open the locks, I got into the car. When Izzie sat down, she shut off her phone. We'd listen to the recordings before practice tomorrow.

I smiled a little. Hard work or not, it was still sort of nice to be back in the spying game.

I dropped Izzie off at her parent's small cottage on Ashland Ave and started toward home. My shoulder was sore from cheering (getting back into the spirituous swing of things was more exhausting than I'd anticipated); my arm had gotten scraped when I was sliding out of the bathroom window; and more annoying than that, my body had picked a horribly inconvenient day to menstruate. I just wanted some ice cream and my pillow.

Wait. Who was that? There was a car in my driveway, but it wasn't until I pulled in that I recognized it as Joel's. A smile tugged at my lips as I parked next to him.

"Hope you don't mind," he said as I climbed out. "I stopped by the Redmond bakery and picked you up a cream puff. Thought you'd be tired after practice."

"Practice?" It took a second before I remembered that that was where I told him I'd be tonight. "Right," I said quickly, closing my car door. "Yes. Practice was brutal."

He nodded and held out a white paper bag. He looked handsome as usual. His brown hair was expertly tousled. His Pearl Jam T-shirt was fitted, one side of it tucked into his dark jeans.

"Thank you," I said softly as I took the bag from him. Tired or not, I was happy to see him. He was like a breath of fresh non-cheating air. "Would you like to come inside?"

"Am I allowed?"

My father had been a little chilly toward Joel the other night at dinner. Not that my daddy was rude-he'd never dream of it. But he was just cautious about my new potential boyfriend. I probably shouldn't have let him in on the fact that Joel was just recently (as in a few weeks ago) in love with Kira. It didn't lend credibility to our situation.

"Parents are in Portland for a few days," I said. "You can ... watch a movie with me, maybe?"

Nervous prickles of heat rose on my cheeks. Fact was Joel and I still hadn't kissed. The closest we'd gotten was in the bleachers when he pecked my cheek after homecoming, and that had been awkward. So now every day drew the moment out more, and the tension was becoming unbearable. We should just do it. If he were Aiden, I would just grab him and kiss-I stopped. He wasn't Aiden. I needed not to think about him.

"Why, Tiny Crimson, are you trying to seduce me?" His mouth twitched with a smile.

I laughed and shook my head, embarrassed at his joke. "No. I just figured a movie with some popcorn would be a nice thank-you for the cream puff."

"Sure," he teased. "I know I'm hard to resist. But unfortunately I'll need to take a rain check. My dad wants to go over my college apps tonight. Fun stuff, you know."

"I understand." I moved my foot, crunching some leaves under my sneaker. Joel cleared his throat, and I looked up to meet his eyes.

His smirk straightened just enough for me to take him seriously. Heat rushed over me as he wet his lips. I recognized that sign. Heavens to Betsy! Was he going to kiss me? I was so unprepared!

Joel leaned in, but as he got mere centimeters to my lips, I turned my head so that his mouth pressed against my cheek. He paused there, obviously surprised not to feel the cushion of my lips. I closed my eyes, disappointed that I just totally wussed out, but relieved that I didn't have to commit to something I wasn't ready for. Joel was still against my face when I pulled back and tried to smile encouragingly.

"I'll see you at school tomorrow?" I asked, as if I hadn't ruined our would-be first kiss.

"Okaaaay ..." He looked perplexed. I felt confused. Why didn't I just kiss him?

"I'm sorry," I said, dropping my head. "I didn't mean to-"

Joel reached up to put his hand over my mouth, stopping me from talking. "Don't explain. I'm pretty sure it'll only make it worse." He smiled at me, his slightly crooked tooth poking out and reminding me how much I liked him. "This week I'm taking you out," he said, still blocking my speech. "So get some rest." He leaned over to kiss the top of my head and then paused to look at me again. "You know," he began, "this is nice. We should conduct more conversations this way."

I laughed and swatted his hand away from my mouth. "Good night, Joel." He grinned and then got into his car and backed out of my driveway. I waved as he drove down the darkened street and considered my evening.

I'd just spent the last few hours spying on a cheating boyfriend. Then I got home to discover an amazing guy waiting for me. And yet, I had backed away at the last second! It was beyond bizarre. I might have to consult Leona on the matter. Although I could practically hear her answer in my head. It started with a capital A and ended with an n, and went something like, "If you don't deal with your Aiden drama, you'll never be happy."

With a heavy sigh, I pushed her voice away. Right now, I just needed some sleep. The Blaze Harmon mission was draining my energy.

I walked into the kitchen and put the cream-puff bag in the fridge-to be honest, I didn't much care for them. But I hadn't wanted to hurt Joel's feelings. My dad would surely devour it, and then maybe I could use it as a way to get them to like each other. Pastries are generally a good bonding tool.

My house phone rang, and I crossed to pick it up as I kicked off my sneakers. "Hello?"

"Don't hang up."

I froze at the sound of Aiden's voice. He'd been sending me e-mails-nearly every day-and I knew he was in town this weekend. But I'd made sure to avoid anywhere I could bump into him. And now that it was Sunday, I'd expected him to be gone. What was I supposed to say to him? I mean, he slept with Mary Rudick.

Images filled my head. The day I saw her sneak away at the bookstore. The horrifying moment when I saw them kiss through the back window of his car. My eyes immediately watered, and I hung up the phone. My breath caught as I stared at it, half expecting it to ring again. But it didn't. It didn't.

From: Tessa Crimson

Now go to sleep! Lol

J

Chapter 2

"All right, girls," I said, clapping my hands. "Let's take it from the top." The candidates were bent over, hands on their knees and staring at me as if I were crazy.

"Tess," Leona whispered from my side. "I think you're going to kill them."

I considered this. Little Maureen's normally well-tanned face was beet red and swollen. Sara and Anne were leaning against each other, murmuring something that sounded like, "Water. Water." And then, of course, there was Chloe Ferril. She was standing up straight, retying her blond ponytail, and wearing a black-velour sweat suit, even though she wasn't even breaking a sweat.

"I think they're fine," I whispered back to Leona. Okay, maybe I was being a bit overzealous, but I was committed to making the Smitten Kittens the best team in Washington! This was it-our senior year. And I wanted to leave with a stellar reputation.

Truth was getting new candidates for the squad was extremely difficult. Especially since it meant they would become members of SOS. There was extensive psychological testing, physicals, and then nominations. It was only after a girl was vouched for that she could officially try out-and of course, sign a legally binding confidentiality agreement. Since Chloe Ferril had known about our SOS identities after trying (and failing) to steal my ex-boyfriend, she got an automatic pass to tryouts. Not to mention that Kira vouched for her. My guess was that she did it to spite me.

"Take a break everyone," I heard from behind me. Before I turned, the candidates sighed with relief and ran for the hall water fountains. See. They were totally fine.

When I looked over my shoulder, I saw Kira standing there, her blond curls perfect around her face. My eyes narrowed as I met her cool blue ones.

"Kira," Leona said immediately. "You're suspended. You're not allowed to-"

"Relax," she interrupted. "I'm not trying to interfere. I just need to talk with Tessa for a minute. If you don't mind."

Leona tensed next to me. We'd only recently discovered that Kira was secretly trying to destroy me, trying to steal the squad, and more importantly, trying to turn SOS into something vengeful. But in the spirit of the Smitten Kittens, we decided to forgive her. Or at least, that was the way it looked on the outside. She and I were still far from okay.

It didn't help that I was racked with guilt about her and Joel splitting up. Even though, technically, he and I weren't even dating. Still, it was bad form. And if I could have prevented it, I would have. I'm sure I would have.

"Why don't you take a break, too," I murmured to Leona, touching her arm. "You've been working double overtime with these tryouts."

Leona chewed on her lip for a second, then glanced at Kira before nodding at me. "Fine. But I'll be outside if you need me."

"Whatever, Leona," Kira snapped. "What do you think I'm going to do?"

"Don't know, Kira. Bat-shit crazy is your department."

"Language," I said.

Leona rolled her eyes. "See you in five." She walked slowly to the gym doors, looking back once. I smiled reassuringly. Even though Kira had been a bit out of control, she and I had agreed to behave. No public displays of dissention.

"You could have waited until after practice," I said in low voice, turning away from the Kittens still in the bleachers. Kira stepped up so that her shoulder was next to mine, even though she was facing the opposite direction.

"It's about Joel."

My stomach took a swift left turn. Even though Kira and I called a truce for the sake of the Smitten Kittens, we hadn't mentioned Joel since the day she was outed as the copy-Kitten. She'd told me that she was still in love with him. She'd asked me to stay away.

"What about him?" I looked sideways at her.

"You two aren't"-she pulled her light eyebrows together-"dating, are you?"

"No," I responded quickly. Perhaps too quickly. Her jaw tightened.

"Great."

"Great," I repeated. Obviously Joel was wrong. Kira was upset with me.

"Because he's a really nice guy, Tess. I wouldn't want to see him get hurt."

Hold on a second! I was offended. Why would she assume that I'd hurt him? I cared about Joel. "I'm not sure what you mean by that," I started to say. "But I assure you, I'm not going to hurt him."

"Maybe not on purpose. But you do damage-even when you don't mean to." Kira turned to lock her eyes on mine. "And you know what he means to me." Her bottom lip quivered for a split second before she spun on her heels and walked back toward the bleachers.

My face tingled from embarrassment. Kira was a trained spy. I would bet my buttons that she could tell I was hiding my relationship (or almost relationship) with Joel . And she may have been implying that I was indeed a bad friend. But the worst part: I couldn't stop. I liked him too much.

"She's right, you know?"

Startled, I looked up to see Chloe, sipping from her bottle of water. "About what?"

"Being destructive. You drove my brother f**king nuts."

Grrr ... "First"-I held up a finger-"watch your language. Second, your brother tried to trick me into dating him." She seemed to forget that major point.

"Only because you made him think he had a chance."

"I did not!"

Chloe shrugged. "Whatever. I'm not here to argue about your seduction skills. I'm here to get a spot on the squad."

"We'll see how you do," I replied coolly. Chloe had gone from venomous psycho to gothic vixen. And then suddenly, she throws on a sporty ensemble and tries out for cheerleading? It was all a bit fish fry to me.

She smiled. "Oh, come on, Tess." She ran her hand down her ponytail, smoothing it over her shoulder. "You know I'm kicking ass."

This girl burned me up. "Chloe, if you want to be a Smitten Kitten, one of the first things you'll need to learn is manners. No swearing at all."

She laughed, tilting her head. "Prez, I'm not just going to be a Smitten Kitten. I'm going to be their new captain."

My face fell. Was she serious? But before I could ask, she offered a sarcastic pageant wave and turned, walking across the gymnasium.

I stared after her, my heart racing. First Kira and now Chloe? Was the rest of my cheering life going to involve constantly looking over my uniformed shoulder to see who was trying to sneak up on me? I put my palm to my forehead. It was so overwhelming.

"You all right?"

I looked up at Leona holding out a paper cup of water. I exhaled, taking it from her. "Not really. Chloe told me she's going to be captain."

Leona pursed her lips. "I could see that."

I choked on the water, drops of it dribbling onto my uniform. "What?"

"She's good, Tess. I mean, sure, she's unbalanced and homicidal, but she has real natural talent."

"I'm not sure I agree." Had the world gone Looney Tunes? Chloe as a Smitten Kitten? It was crazy.

"Well," Leona said, folding her arms across her chest, "unless you can break her in the next few days, she's in. Hey, who knows? Maybe she'll turn sweet."

Leona and I stared at each other for a second before busting up laughing. Chloe turning sweet was like water turning into wine. It'd have to be a flippin' miracle.

The candidates began filing back in the room, fawning over Chloe's amazing high kick, and I chewed on the corner of my lip. I was all for giving second chances. Heck, I was letting Chloe try out, and she'd tried to steal my boyfriend and had hit me in the head with an alarm clock last year. But letting her take over my post as head of the Smitten Kittens? No way in tarnation I'd let that happen.

I glanced at the wooden bleachers where Kira was sitting, talking on the phone. I wondered if she'd be interested in Chloe's takeover plan. But then I wondered with both of their histories if Kira wasn't already in on it.

Kira caught me looking and raised her hand in a wave, a slight grin on her lips. I quickly darted my gaze over to Izzie, trying to shake off my paranoia. She was sitting, her bag in her lap as she stared toward the gymnasium windows near the ceiling. Her eyes were glassy as if she were about to cry. She looked lonely.

"Are we going to start or are you too tired?" Chloe called out to me from center court.

I nearly imploded. Instead, I straightened my posture and took a cleansing breath. "Let's take it from the top," I said in my strongest captain's voice. The other girls groaned, but Chloe smirked.

I was going to break her.

From: Kira Reynolds

We needed to swing for the fences. Wait. Wrong sport.

Suddenly, Leona's phone beeped loudly with a message, and both Coach T and I glared at her. It was very frowned upon to have your cell on in the gymnasium. She glanced down but then snapped her head up to widen her eyes at me.

Man on the moon! It was about the mission. Thinking quickly, I reached forward to put my hand supportively on Coach T's forearm. "Thanks for your belief in us." I smiled. His lip curled slightly. "We'll make you proud."

Coach T stepped back, seemingly made off balance by my sweetness as he looked around at the squad. Then he hiked at his waistband again and snorted, "See that you do, Tessa." With that, he turned and hustled his way out of the gymnasium.

The minute the metal doors clicked, I rushed over to Leona. "Give me the double scoop."

She handed me her phone as I sat on the wooden bleacher next to her. I looked down and scrolled through the SOS text message.

Blaze Harmon is hooking up @ the field house in 10 min. Might want 2 add him to yr Naughty List

The message had come from a restricted number, so I couldn't pinpoint the source. But that wasn't unusual. In the spying business, we couldn't always vet all of our sources. In fact, a lot of Naughty List tips came anonymously.

"It's about Blaze," I said, turning to look back at all the girls. "He's hooking up at the field house in ten. We need to go."

"I can't wait until this mission is done," Leona said, standing up and stretching her arms over her head. "I've been listening to the locker-room chatter nonstop, and I'm so sick of hearing about jock itch."

"Ew." Kira scrunched her nose.

"I know, right?"

"You've done a nice job, Leona," I said. "Now, you and Izzie come with me. Everyone else take off. We'll have a meeting before school about the findings. Plus we're going to need to start getting organized for the big game." The girls murmured excitedly and collected their things.

"What about me?" Kira asked. My heart skipped a beat as I looked over at her. She was my go-to spy. Or at least, she used to be before she'd tried to ruin me.

"Right," I said quietly. "You're with me, too."

Even though Kira was suspended from the squad, we'd decided that we still needed her on SOS. She had a good sense for undercover work, and she knew a lot about the guys at school. She was an asset we couldn't ignore.

Not that I completely trusted her yet. And not that she forgave me about Joel. But we'd called a truce. Or at least, it appeared that way.

I took a deep breath, slightly relieved. This mission had me stressed out, and now with the ESPN news, I wasn't sure I could split my time so easily. And I had to admit, I was a little curious as to who Blaze was seeing. His girlfriend Trishelle was, like, a total supermodel.

The girls and I scooped up our gym bags and jogged toward the locker room to change into appropriate spy gear. We pushed into the room, quickly undressing. It was nice to be together again like this. We were like a SWAT team, only way peppier.

"So who do you think it is?" Leona asked as she pulled her uniform shirt over her head and tossed it on the bench.

"No idea," I answered. "I can't picture Blaze with anyone but Trishelle. Remember them at prom last year? Adorable."

"They were a vision in blue," Izzie added dreamily.

"Well, whoever it is," Kira said, slipping into a pair of black spandex shorts, "I bet she puts out. Word is Trishelle is one of those purity-ring chicks."

"No way." Leona laughed. "Wasn't she the one at the WSU party that played spin the bottle with Alpha Phi?"

"Yeah, but that was a sorority, and I don't think girls count."

"True."

"Focus," I said, securing my ponytail. "Now we need to get out to the field house without being detected. What's the best path, Leona?"

"Up the west side behind the bleachers and then along the far wall."

"Perfect. Are we ready?" I glanced around and smiled when I saw my squad looking completely stealth. I had to admit, although I preferred pink, black was a fabulous color on us.

"I have to pee," Izzie said, biting on her lip.

"No time," Leona spoke up, flipping her wrist to look at her watch. "We have to move now if we want to catch the cheat in progress."

"Can you hold it?" I asked.

Izzie made a squeaking sound and then nodded. It was awfully sweet of her to risk a UTI for us. Sometimes our spying demands were terribly inconvenient.

Leona led the way as we filed behind her. I glanced back toward the parking lot but didn't see Blaze's silver Trooper. Good. It meant he wasn't here yet.

When we got to the field house, Kira slid her pack off her shoulder before picking the lock and pulling open the heavy metal door. "By the way," she said, looking over at me. "I wanted to talk to you about updating the SOS handbook."

"Updating?"

"Yeah." We entered the room, and again the smell made my nose twitch. I used to love this athletic smell on Aiden-somehow on him it was sexy. But in here, it just smelled like sweat. I pushed away all thoughts of Aiden (and his smells) and scoped out the scene. "We'll talk about it?" Kira asked.

I glanced at her. "The handbook?" She nodded. "Uh, sure. I'll bring it up next meeting." I looked for Leona. "Time?" I asked.

"Minus three minutes," she whispered. My heart fluttered. I wasn't sure we could set up proper surveillance that quickly.

Just then there was a noise from outside the door. "Snapple facts! Get to the back!" I pushed Izzie, and we scrambled toward the back corner of the room, behind the lockers. We'd just turned the corner when I heard the metal clang of the door hitting the wall.

"In here, baby." It was Blaze, and he was using his sexy voice. Gosh darn it. This was going to be another confirmed cheat. Always one hundred percent. It was enough to make my sunny disposition cloud over.

There was a mumbling, but I couldn't catch what his accomplice said. Instead, I heard the clacking of heels on the tile of the locker-room floor. Jeez, she was stomping around like a chimpanzee. They were getting closer.

I put out my arm and backed the girls as far into the corner as I could. The clacking stopped. They were on the other side of the lockers, the sound of smacking (kissing?) coming from that direction.

"I can't see shit," Kira mouthed. I rolled my eyes. "Pyramid," she added.

I shook my head. Moving might be too risky, but how were we going to confirm the cheat without a photo? I shifted on my sneakers, trying to decide the best course of action.

Leona nodded, telling me that she agreed with Kira's idea. My stomach turned. I had a bad feeling about this. When we spied in close proximity situations, the general rule was to stay put. Not engage in gymnastic endeavors.

Izzie and Leona got down on all fours as Kira stood in front of them making the base. It was just high enough that if I stood on her shoulders, I'd be able to see over the metal locker. There was a slurping noise from over there. Ew!

I put one black-sneakered heel on Leona's back and then grabbed onto Kira as I hoisted myself up. We were silent-like cheerleading ninjas trained in the sacred art of pyramid building. Slowly and deliberately, I put my feet on Kira's shoulders, and then I was in the air, completely stable.

I reached my hand out and felt someone slip a camera into my palm. Without looking down-because that could surely make me fall-I lifted it up to eye level. Then I looked through the lens. It took me a minute to find them, but there, across the room near the shower door, was Blaze and his accomplice. Her back was to me, and I had to admit already, she was definitely not as shapely as Trishelle. In fact, from behind, she looked like a linebacker.

Her blond hair was stiff, almost wiglike, and she was wearing an awful minidress that looked like she'd picked up at Walmart. Not that Walmart was unusable, but for minidresses? I'd say so.

I zoomed in as Blaze's hands massaged at her back and they were in some intricate hug/kiss. Gross. If Blaze kissed like that, I'd think Trishelle would be glad to get rid of him.

Quickly, I started clicking off shots, waiting for the accomplice to turn around. I needed her face. Not technically. This was enough to prove the cheat, but a shot of her face would be nice for future reference. We could keep her on our possible cheater radar. Sort of like I had done with Chloe. Or Mary Rudick.

At the thought of Mary's name, my jaw clenched and I held the camera a little tighter. My breathing changed, coming out in short gasps, but I needed to stop. I couldn't keep thinking about her and Aiden.

"Shhh ..." I heard and glanced down. Kira was giving me a stern look, and I realized I might have been growling out loud. I swayed on my feet. Whac-a-Mole! Why did I look down?

I thrust my hands out to my sides as if I were walking a tightrope and straightened my posture as Kira held my ankles. It took a second, but finally we got our equilibrium back. Whoa. Total save.

When I adjusted the camera, I froze. Blaze and the girl were no longer kissing. Her back was still to me, but now they were staring at each other. I wondered if I'd just missed something big.

I zoomed in closer, hoping to catch the side of her face. Just then, she shifted in her heels, and I readied my trigger finger.

"Turn," I murmured. And just then, the figure swung around. I clicked the camera furiously and-

Holy Spumoni! She had a beard!

My entire body flinched, and I felt the camera slip from my hands as I tried to regain my balance. But it was too late. Before I could grab onto the lockers or anything else, I felt myself falling from the sky, heading face first toward the tile floor of the locker room.

Chapter 4

My eyelids fluttered. And just then I was racked with an unbelievable pain in my ankle. Kira was on the floor next to me, and Leona and Izzie were backed against the locker, looking past me with terrified expressions on their faces. I bolted upright, reaching for my foot. "My ankle!"

"Well, well," someone said. I looked up, my teeth clamped tight as I tried to deal with the pain. Blaze Harmon was there, standing over me.

I was about to act surprised to see him, but then he kicked my camera toward me. "Catch anything good, little spy?" His handsome face was pulled into a snarl, and I felt my pulse exploding. I tried to think of what to say, anything.

"Bet you got some great pictures." Suddenly, from behind the locker walked the accomplice ... only it wasn't an accomplice. It was Rhett Harding. His red hair was covered with a blond wig, and he was wearing a tight blue dress. Well, at least, I'd gotten the linebacker part right.

"What the hell is going on?" Kira asked, struggling to her feet. I didn't dare move. The pain was starting to thicken, like a swelling heat. A vice around my ankle.

"Looks like we caught a couple of Kittens acting all Nancy Drew. In fact, SOS, I think the right phrasing is, 'We just nailed your asses to the wall.'"

"Ew," Kira said. "Rhett, you've never been anywhere near my ass, and you certainly haven't nailed it to anything. And you never will wearing a dress. Seriously?"

His face fell. It was common knowledge that Rhett had been crushing on Kira for the better part of two years.

"Don't listen to that little bitch," Blaze said, his eyes living up to his name. "They've been spying on us! They've been tracking us like a bunch of private dicks."

"I think dick is the operative word," Leona said, stepping forward.

Blaze shook his head at her. I'd never known him to be so nasty, but we'd just been totally busted. My stomach was twisting with the awful possibilities.

"And why ..." Leona continued, walking closer before squatting down to inspect my ankle. "Why are you dressed as a woman, Rhett? A little after-school activity?"

"N-no!" he stammered quickly, flicking a glance at Kira. "We set you up. You got ratted out and-"

"Shut up." Blaze held up his hand, signaling Rhett to stop talking.

"A rat?" I asked, my voice barely a whisper as I tried to hold on a little longer.

Blaze smiled, the little gap between his teeth showing. "Yeah, little Kitten. You've been had by a big ol' rat." He and Rhett laughed at what I assumed he thought was a clever play on words. Personally, I might have gone for the "when the cats away, the mice will play" reference, but whatever. Point was somebody handed us over. We'd been stabbed in our uniformed backs. Again.

There was a sudden surge of pain, and I had to push away this latest drama. Right now I needed to get to the hospital. I was pretty sure my ankle was broken.

"Get me out of here," I murmured to Leona, reaching as she held out her arm. "I need to go to the emergency room."

"Shit."

"Where do you think you're going?" Blaze asked, menacingly blocking our path. To accentuate his point, he rammed his fist into the metal locker as a warning. The noise startled me, and I grabbed onto Leona as she steadied me. Kira and Izzie gathered behind us, and Rhett looked between me and Blaze. The tension was thick enough to cut. With a butcher knife.

"Get out of the way, Neanderthal," Leona growled. "Tessa's hurt, and I need to get her to the hospital."

Blaze's mouth twitched with a smile before it turned into mock concern. "You hurt your little paw?"

"I think it's broken," I said, not nearly as forceful as I should have. But I was about to lose it.

He laughed. "I guess you won't be doing anymore spying then, will you?"

Izzie walked up, grabbing my other arm. I looked sideways at her, and she darted a terrified glance at me. Well, at least, she was pretending to be courageous. I smiled supportively.

Blaze paused, staring us down with disgust. Then, unbelievably enough, he held out his arm, motioning for us to pass. "Get the f**k out of my field house."

"Gladly." Leona pulled us forward, elbowing her way past Blaze as I held onto her and Izzie. Rhett stifled a laugh, but I focused on making it out the door.

"You think you're hurt now," Blaze called after us, "just wait until school."

His warning rang in my ears as we left. I knew we were in trouble-at least, waist deep. But when I got out into the parking lot, I closed my eyes, letting the cool wind rush over my face. Oddly enough, my first instinct was to call Aiden. But I knew better than to do that. He was off my radar now.

"Um, you guys?" Izzie said, her voice low.

"What?" Kira murmured from behind us. She sounded lost in thought. I'd only heard that tone from her maybe once or twice before. It was a sure sign of bad things.

Izzie gulped. "I sort of peed my pants."

My mouth opened in surprise, and Leona stopped with a shuffle, nearly sending me headlong into the pavement. Did she just say-

"Iz! That is totally sick!" Leona said.

"I was scared! I told you guys I had to go!"

Poor thing. I reached out to pat her arm. "It's okay," I said weakly. "We all have accidents."

"When we're two," Leona answered.

"I don't want to talk about Izzie's weak bladder anymore," Kira said, shaking her head. "Our duck is cooked!"

"It's goose," Leona corrected, turning to pull me forward again. She took out her keys to unclick the locks of her car.

"Whatever," Kira snapped. "Who eats roasted goose? I'd rather have duck."

Izzie gasped. "You eat little ducks? That is total animal cruelty!"

"Ladies," Leona said as she opened the passenger door. "Knock it off. Tessa's ankle is broken and Blaze Harmon just outed SOS. We've been betrayed again." She darted a look at Kira. "We have some serious problems." She paused. "Can you imagine what Chris is going to do when he hears?"

Worry passed over Leona's face. Her boyfriend was on the football team, so he might already know by now that he was dating a member of the spy society who had busted so many of his friends. But being the brilliant professional that she was, Leona straightened her face and continued talking to Kira.

"I'll call from the emergency room so we can set up an early morning meeting. And whatever you do, don't answer your phones tonight from anyone else. This news is going to spread like wildfire, and it's going to burn the whole damn school down."

"Nice," I said, easing my way into the seat. Leona was always very good with her words.

"Thanks." She turned and put her hands on her hips. "Kira, would you mind taking Izzie home? I have a fear of urine."

"Gross," Kira said. Then she rolled her eyes. "Fine." She grabbed Izzie by the sleeve and pulled her toward where she'd parked.

As Leona slammed the passenger door for me, I watched her run around the front of the car. I couldn't even wrap my brain around the idea of our cover being blown. Or who would have done it.

This was worse than Kira's copy-Kitten scam. It was worse than Christian tricking me into suspecting Aiden as a cheater last year.

But what worried me the most was that if my ankle really was broken, I wasn't sure I'd be able to cheer us through this at all.

"Didn't we just see you here a few months ago, Ms. Crimson?" the doctor asked. He was the same one who had stitched up my forehead when Chloe had hit me with an alarm clock in our less than classy fight over Aiden.

I nodded, wishing he would just give me a painkiller already. My ankle felt like it was pulsing in my brain. I'd convinced Leona to drop me off because the waiting room was packed with coughing patients. She had asthma and feared anything viral. So she told me to call her if I needed a ride. Instead, I gave the nurse my parent's number.

Now that I was here in this sterile white room, I'd really started to feel the impact of my situation. What would Blaze and the other guys of Washington High do to punish us? The possibilities were endless.

"Seems you're accident prone." Dr. Lewis smirked, deep laugh lines creasing around his mouth. He put the x-ray on that light box thingy and examined it.

"Is it broken?"

He sighed heavily. "Yes, young lady. It is. But it looks like a clean break, no fragments. But you'll be off your feet, possibly the next three months, depending on how you heal."

The Empire Strikes Back! How would I ever cheer again? "Three months?" I was about to hyperventilate. In fact, if my foot wasn't in such extreme pain, I might have passed out. I put my hands over my face and waited for the room to stop spinning.

"Now, now," the doctor said. "Don't get yourself worked up."

I shook my head, dropping my arms. "But ... I have so much to do. ESPN is coming to do a spotlight on the Wildcats-Ducks game! How am I-"

"Really?" Dr. Lewis asked, suddenly interested. "Do you know which broadcasters will be there?"

I stared at him. Was the doc seriously more worried about ESPN than my nonability to cheer? What about the Hippocratic oath? I pushed my head back into the pillow and closed my eyes.

This was a double dash of a disaster.

"Nurse," he called out calmly. Just then a solid woman with cute cat-eye glasses came in, rolling a metal tray behind her. "I think Ms. Crimson can have her pain shot now."

"Give me something to knock me out instead." I couldn't help the tears from leaking out of my eyes. Without a leg to stand on, I was a useless captain. Oh, no. Maybe Chloe really would replace me!

Ouch!

"Sorry, honey," the nurse said, removing the needle from my arm. "Small pinch."

"Not so small."

"Oh, don't worry." Dr. Lewis laughed as he stood up from his stool. "This shot will do the trick. Elaine here said she's been trying to get a hold of your parents, but they're not answering. Is there someone I should call for a ride?"

"Um ..." I wasn't sure where my parents were, but I knew Leona would pick me up. Suddenly, warmth spread over me. "Wow," I said. "That's good stuff."

The doctor chuckled. "Someone to call?"

I lifted my head, about to give him Leona's number when a very tall, blond guy walked in. "I'll take her home," Aiden said. I giggled. That was silly. What was he doing here?

"And who are you?" the doctor asked, looking back and forth between us.

My head was heavy so I rested it back onto the table, no longer able to hold it up. I was just drifting off when I heard myself murmur, "He's my boyfriend."

CODE PINK-HIGH ALERT

Dear Smitten Kittens,

As you may have heard, SOS has been compromised. I repeat, we have been compromised. This high-alert status is due to the possible backlash from the male population of Washington County.

So for now, do not discuss SOS with ANYONE! Take the high road and walk away if they're harassing you. And definitely, definitely do not call them an "ass-faced pieces of trash". (Good one, Kira!)

Keep smiling,

Leona : )

Chapter 5

"Tessa?"

My mother's voice hummed in my ear. My eyelids fluttered, and when I opened them, she was there, stress painting her face in shades of gray. Which wasn't vibrant at all, I decided.

"Mom? They said they couldn't get a hold of you."

"We were going over the bridge, and you know how spotty reception is there. But we called the second we heard and raced over here. We nearly got a ticket."

"Your mother drives like a maniac."

I looked over to see my dad grinning in a chair in the corner. Of course, my mother rarely drove when they went out so I knew he was just teasing. My father was known to get tickets occasionally. Occasionally enough that the local sheriff called him Smokey and the Bandit. Which I totally didn't get! My dad didn't smoke. And who the hay was the Bandit? He sounded mean.

Just then Dr. Lewis strolled in, a clipboard and papers in his hand. He explained to my parents about the clean break and how I'd have to come back to get it cast because the orthopedic doctor wasn't there and that I might require surgery.

Surgery! That was not a good sign. I had tryouts to watch over (and a captainship to hang on to). How could I properly prep us for ESPN and deal with the fallout of SOS exposure if I was having surgery? It would be a tragedy of epic proportions.

The doctor said he'd consult with the surgeon, and my mother alternated between oh, my Gods and damn its, which seemed to really contrast each other.

Wait. Was ... was Aiden here? Did I dream that? I looked over to my father, and when he caught my eye, he smiled. "What is it, honey?"

"Was Aiden here?" My voice lowered at his name. My father's eyebrows pulled together behind his glasses. At first, I wasn't sure he was going to answer, but then he cleared his throat and spoke.

"Um ... he was. Yep."

I waited. He averted my eyes. "And? Is he still here?" Not that I wanted to see him. I was just curious.

"No. No, when we got here, he said he had to get back up to school. Guess one of the boys had called him about the accident. He came to check on you."

"Oh." I wondered what else he'd said. If he'd apologized to my father, or left a message for me. But I didn't want to look like I cared. Because I didn't. That part of my life was over, and my hairdresser had suggested that when I thought about Aiden and it hurt, I should think about something happy instead. So ... uh ... Unicorns. Yes, unicorns raced on rainbows and had flowers in their manes and granted wishes and-

"You ready?" My happy thought was interrupted by my mother as she shuffled almost a dozen papers and pamphlets in her hands.

I nodded, still feeling a little high. Man. Those drugs were definitely strong. In fact, I think I might have called Aiden my ... I stopped, unicorns popping in my head. But I moved them aside and wondered what he thought when I'd called him my boyfriend. If he smiled his beautiful smile. If his gorgeous green eyes filled with tears. If he said he loved me.

"I got you crutches," my father said, reaching behind the chair to pick them up off the floor. "I figured you wouldn't be happy going to school in the wheelchair."

"No. The gymnasium isn't handicap accessible yet." I was distracted, but with the help of my mother, I climbed off the table. I was suddenly helpless, and for me, that was not a good feeling. Not at all.

When we got home, there were, like, eight hundred messages on the phone. Some from concerned squad members and some vulgar ones from fellow students.

My father's eyes grew more and more concerned with each passing message.

Beep. "You're in a world of hurt, Crimson. You're lucky I don't call the f**king cops."

Beep. "I have to admit, I appreciated the help SOS gave me, but to think it was you? Totally weird. I mean, we have language arts together. You knew all that stuff about me and never said anything. I thought SOS was part of the CIA or something. Not a freaking cheerleader. Whatever."

Beep. "You and your girls are going down-"

My father shut off the machine and rubbed roughly at his forehead before slipping off his glasses and putting them on the granite kitchen countertop.

"I'm sorry," I said. "We didn't mean to-"

"Tessa, when you informed us last year about the spying, we were disappointed. We told you that investigating your fellow students was unethical, and I thought we all agreed that you were done with it." He paused, glancing down at my ankle.

"Wait, did your injury have something to do with SOS? I thought it was a cheerleading accident." My father's cheeks were quickly turning red, and I had a feeling that I might be in a bit of hot water.

After Chloe had attacked me and Aiden dumped me last year, I'd told my parents everything. I told them all about the missions and the SOS motto. I even told them how it had ruined my life. And, yes, technically I did promise that it wouldn't happen again. But I thought that since we were better organized and more mature now, it'd be okay. Wait, was his eye twitching?

"Well?"

"I was with cheerleaders. So it was sort of a cheerleading accident."

"You were spying!" My father's voice bordered on raised, and for him that was very rare-or rather, nonexistent.

"Yes, but-"

He held up his hand to stop me. His cheeks were flush, and I was glad my mother was in the shower. I didn't think I could handle both of them being angry with me right now.

After a second of his silence (and my guilt), my father sighed. "Listen," he said, almost apologetically. "Let's not tell your mother that you're spying again. She'd be very upset, and I don't like seeing her unhappy. I try to protect both of you-even though you've been making that tough lately." He reached to put his hand on my shoulder.

"I'm really sorry," I murmured. "But we're just trying to help the brokenhearted of Washington County. Those girls need us, Dad."

My father's mouth twitched with a smile. "Tessa, I know your heart is always in the right place. It's your ankle I'm worried about."

"Touche."

He dropped his arm and glanced at the phone resting on the counter. "Do you need me to the call the school, or set up some sort of protection for you?"

I laughed. I could just imagine my father showing up in a black suit, like my own personal secret service agent. I suddenly worried that if things didn't improve quickly, he might pull me out of school altogether. I couldn't imagine. I was pretty sure the homeschooling community didn't have a cheer squad.

"It'll blow over." I waved at him reassuringly. Did I believe that? It seemed pretty flipping unlikely. But graduation was only ... eight months away. I slunk into the kitchen chair and rested my chin in my hands. Someone had ruined my life. Uh, again.

"What do we do, Dad?"

He exhaled heavily. "Seems you have two choices."

Oh, good. Multiple choice!

"You can cower and hide, run away from the mess. Or you can accept responsibility and try to apologize. And to be honest, after the vulgarity of these messages, I'm leaning toward cowering." He pressed his lips into a smile. My father knew I would never run away from a problem. Well, unless its name was Aiden.

"Thanks, Dad."

"You just be careful. If things get too hard, you need to let us know. We don't want anything bad to happen to you, Tess. You already have a broken ankle. I think that's punishment enough. So don't beat yourself up."

I nodded. My father picked up his glasses and slid them back on before turning off the ringer on the phone. As he started to walk toward the bedroom, I couldn't take the curiosity anymore.

"Daddy?"

"Yeah?"

"Did Aiden say anything about me?" My heart immediately began to race, scared of his answer and not sure what I wanted to hear. I just had to hear something.

My father looked at the wood floor, then back up at me. "He didn't have to say anything. The worry on his face was enough. He still loves you, Tess. I think you should keep that in mind as you"-he furrowed his brow-"start dating again."

Warmth spread from my chest up to my face, making my eyes tingle and begin to water. He thought Aiden still loved me. I wondered if it could be true.

My father rubbed at his mouth but said nothing of my reaction. After a second, he lifted his chin to me. "Good night, honey."

"Night." I sniffled and watched him walk away. When he was gone, I looked down at the tablecloth and picked at the linen.

Unicorns. Unicorns. Unicorns.

"Wow, that's a pretty massive cast," Leona said, knocking on it once and tilting her head toward the hollow sound.

"Um, ouch." The doctor had called to say that surgery wasn't needed, leaving me completely relieved. And when I called Leona, she and Izzie decided to come over and check out my new equipment (meaning my cast and crutches). We'd all agreed to skip our morning classes and take a half day. Partly because we were exhausted, but mostly because we were stalling. There might be a mob waiting for us at the stone steps of Washington High.

"I brought sparkles," Izzie spoke up from the other side of the living room. I smiled at her, but something was off. Izzie definitely didn't look sparkly. In fact, her hair was knotted toward the ends, and dark circles ringed her eyes.

"Thanks, Iz. Everything okay?"

She seemed alarmed by the question. "Fine. I'm fine."

She blinked quickly, and I recognized that she was lying. Her eyebrows always did a weird shaking thing when she wasn't telling the truth. She certainly wasn't fine. I glanced at Leona, and she met my eyes immediately, the same concerned expression on her face.

"Izzie?" she asked. "Is there something going on that you need to talk to us about?"

"I said I'm fine," she snapped, her normally soft features hardening.

My mouth fell open with surprise. Whoa. That was completely uncalled for. I shot another look at Leona, and she shrugged in a this-is-way-beyond-my-expertise sort of way. Izzie's behavior would need some investigation. But first, we had to get a handle on our other problems. Namely, who turned us in.

"Have you heard any chatter?" I asked Leona, adjusting my leg to rest on the cluttered coffee table.

"Nada. It seems that all of my sources have dried up now that we've been exposed. Turns out lots of people thought they were dealing with 'professionals.'"

"Professional what?"

"Detectives? I'm not sure. But as far as I can tell from the small bits of info I've gathered, the leak did not come from within the SOS."

Izzie let out a relieved sigh, and we looked over. Her mouth twitched with a smile. "That's good, right?" she said quickly.

"Uh, yeah." Leona widened her eyes. "Pretty sure that goes without saying." She turned her attention back to me. "We need to lay out a suspect list." She reached down to fish her hand through her black leather purse before pulling out a small notebook and clicking her pen. "Number one," she said. "Aiden Wilder."

My heart skipped a beat. "What? Why would you suspect Aiden?" I wasn't sure if I should be offended. Aiden might have slept with Mary Rudick, but I wouldn't believe that he'd hurt me like this.

Leona tsked. "He's a suspect, Tess. He knows about us. He knows the team. And let's face it, ruining your social life is in his best interest."

My fingers began to shake so I folded them carefully into my lap. She was wrong, but I had to be objective. If I wasn't, she might start to question my leadership skills, and right now, I needed to be strong. "Suspect number two," I said firmly. "Chloe Ferril."

Leona laughed. "You always blame her. I don't think she'd try out for the squad if she planned on destroying it."

"She could be trying to cover her tracks."

"True." She scribbled on her pad, and we both looked to Izzie. She was staring out the window, not even paying attention.

"Iz?" I asked.

She looked over, startled. "I didn't do it," she said defensively. She reached up to absently tug at her snarled curls.

"I know," I said slowly, exchanging another concerned glance with Leona. "Just wondering if you had a suspect for the list."

"Oh. No, I don't." She turned away and went back to gazing out the window. I swallowed hard. Her behavior had become increasing erratic the last few days. I was seriously worried.

"I'll add some of our ex-clients and maybe even Christian," Leona said.

I tensed at the sound of his name. It'd been months since I'd seen the guy who had almost broken up Aiden and me. But I didn't really suspect him. He seemed to have moved on, especially since he was taking classes at the community college now.

"By the way," Leona added, still writing in her notepad, "I don't want to get all mopey and talk about it, but Chris broke up with my voice mail last night. I didn't want there to be any confusion at school."

I gasped, but she waved me off.

"Let's just say he didn't appreciate SOS's personal involvement in private situations. But imagine that in Neanderthal jock language."

"Tragic," I murmured. Leona and Chris were peanut butter and fluff together, but if he was going Stone Age on her, it was a good thing they broke up. She deserved better.

Then it hit me. Joel! What would he think about my spying? I was too distressed to call him last night, and now I didn't know if he hated me!

My breathing sped up as I stared back at Leona. "Joel," I said. She nodded before dropping her notepad back in her purse.

"He probably won't be stoked."

"Sugar. You're right." I considered my options. I could call him and try to explain, or I could show up at school, all brave and on crutches (increasing the sympathy factor). Definitely the crutches. I'd need all the help I could get.

"Izzie," I said, pulling her out from her zombie daze. "Are you ready to bust out those sparkles? Today requires a little extra shine."

Her face brightened as if she'd just woken up. "Definitely. It's time for an injury makeover." She grinned as she stood to get her supplies.

I felt relieved seeing Izzie acting more like herself. Then again, makeovers made everyone happy. They were like magic.

Leona sighed. "I'll get the glue gun and sequins." Well, except for Leona. She found them a bit tedious.

As I watched her walk toward the kitchen, I worried. I wasn't sure a well-accessorized cast could make up for the fact that the school hated us. Or that I might lose my captainship because of my injury status. Heck, even Joel might turn his back on me today.

And then there was the matter of ESPN. I groaned, resting into the couch. I hoped Leona and Izzie brought extra sparkles.

From: Joel Fletcher

"Normally, I would scold you for that," I started to say. "But right now, I think we need your moxy."

"We sure as hell do."

"Nice cast, by the way," Kira said offhandedly as she fell into step next to us. I looked sideways at her.

"Thanks."

"Whatever."

Just then Chris Townsend walked around the corner, nearly crashing into us. Since breaking up with Leona last night, he looked a bit under the weather. His button-down shirt was wrinkled; his blond hair was messy. I was sure he was nursing a broken heart.

"Bitch," he spit at Leona as he stomped past. I gasped.

"Pig!" she called back, barely able to control her rage.

Okay, so maybe his heart wasn't that broken. Glad I didn't mention it out loud.

Once Chris was out of sight, Leona cleared her throat and then moved forward, busting us into the girls' bathroom. Izzie promptly shut and locked the door. "It's a catastrophe," Leona said, not bringing up the altercation with her ex. "This is a level-one alert. We might need to call someone in to help us."

"Mary Rudick?" Izzie asked, and I felt my entire body tense. I dug my nails into the wood of my crutch.

Leona glanced over at me. "Um, no. That's not a great idea. But I'll look into other options. Maybe there's a PR firm that helps out people with ruined reps or something."

Kira laughed.

"What?" Leona asked.

Kira walked toward the sinks. She shook her head and then went through her purse as she studied her reflection. "No one can help us at this point," she said. "We're ten feet under."

"Six feet under," I corrected. She caught my gaze in the mirror.

"We're buried way deeper than that."

Good point. I turned to Leona. "So how widespread is the damage?"

"Facebook," Leona started, clicking through her phone. "Twitter, MySpace, and I suspect we'll hear from the main office any second now."

Kira exhaled and patted under her eyes with concealer. Then she applied lip gloss before putting her purse aside and resting her palms on the side of the porcelain sink. "Even when I was in charge, nothing like this got out." She looked over at me, her face finally registering how scared she was. "How did they find out?"

"Maybe the football players found out from an ex-client?" Izzie offered.

"No," I said. "We've been there before. Our clients don't know our true identities. This had to be an inside job."

"Ahem," Leona said, nodding her chin at Kira before getting out her small notebook and flipping through the pages.

"Don't blame me," Kira snapped, spinning to face her.

"Oh, yeah. Because you sabotaging us would be so out of the ordinary."

"I was trying to help!" Kira shouted. "And it would have worked if-"

I held up my hands. "Stop. We don't have time for this." I wasn't going to argue again. Kira and I had been going back and forth via e-mail for weeks. She refused to see the error of her ways (secretly restarting an organization filled with vengeance), and I refused to admit that I stole her boyfriend. (Because I didn't. They were broken up for almost two weeks before Joel and I admitted that we liked each other. That wasn't stealing. Really.)

"Now," I continued. "I don't think it was a Kitten. This stunt has ruined us all." I tapped my finger on my bottom lip. "Leona, who is on the suspect list, so far?"

She licked her index finger and flipped through her pages. "Okay, first up is Aiden."

"Interesting," Kira said immediately.

I clenched my jaw but didn't say anything. I looked over to see Izzie supportively smile at me. I appreciated that. "Next."

"Chloe."

"Ah, of course." Kira snorted.

"What?"

"Nothing, Tess. It's just that anytime something is even slightly wrong, you blame Chloe."

"She hit me-"

"-in the head with an alarm clock," Kira finished with a smirk. "We know. But it doesn't mean she would destroy the entire squad. Not everyone is after you."

Leona laughed. "Except for maybe you."

"Shut up. I told you I'm over that. Tessa and I have an understanding. We-"

"Hold up," Leona said, picking up the SOS phone and scrolling through a message. "This may sound crazy, but we just got a cheater request."

"Is it from the hockey team this time?" Kira rolled her eyes.

"No. It's from Janet Springer. She thinks Garrett Bash is cheating on her."

"Really?" I shifted on my crutches. Although I should be surprised that anyone would ask for our services right now, I immediately slipped back into spy mode. "Any suspects? I know he's best friends with Stacy Sadera."

"Best friends. Right." Kira burst out laughing. "We're not in fifth grade anymore, Tess. Boys and girls don't stay best friends for two years and travel together for a band unless they're hooking up. They are totally sneak-dating."

"No way," Leona scoffed. "Stacy said he's like a brother to her."

"Ew, only if she makes out with her brother regularly behind the band-room Dumpster! I've heard rumors."

"Gross," Leona, Izzie, and I said at the same time.

"That's awful," Izzie continued, pulling her red hair into her hands, tugging on it absentmindedly. "Why pretend that they're best friends?"

Kira scrunched her nose as if she weren't comfortable thinking about it. "I'm guessing he wants to keep the relationship quiet. Maybe to not hurt Janet, or maybe because he's got lots of friends."

"I buy it," I said. "Our Naughty List tips have never been wrong, have they?"

"Well," Leona interjected, "unless you count the fake out with Blaze Harmon."

Hm. "I don't think that should tally into our results. All real inquiries have been one hundred percent. Sort of." Unless you counted Aiden, but again, he was a setup.

"So ..." Izzie dropped her hands, looking confused. "Does that mean we're still spying?"

We all paused and looked at her, sort of unsure how to answer the question. I mean, we were outed now. It would be a lot more difficult to sneak around.

"I think we need a temporary hold," Leona said. "We've got a lot of damage to assess."

"But what about Janet?" Izzie squeaked. "She needs our help! What if Garrett is a cheating jerk face!" I thought she might cry.

"Izzie, not everyone can be helped," Kira said, walking to put her arm around her. "Cheerleaders can't save the world."

I watched them murmur disappointed statements to each other, looking beat. Looking defeated. But all I could see were some pumped-up unicorns.

"We won't fail the brokenhearted of Washington High," I said, my captain's voice stern and strong, despite the throbbing in my ankle. "The boys may have ruined our cheerleading reputations, but they can't tarnish SOS. Not when we've caught their cheating rears more times than I can count." Adrenaline began to pump through my veins as I got more involved with our cause. Our sense of justice.

"SOS was never created to make us popular. Or well-liked. We had a mission: to save the tenderhearted girls from their underhanded, cheating boyfriends. And that is exactly what we've done for the past three years. Have we broken the law a few times? Sure. But was it with good intentions? Yes. And that's why it wasn't illegal."

The girls nodded at me, determination on their faces.

"And I refuse to give up on our school just because a couple of jocks have decided that us calling them out on their dastardly deeds jeopardizes their cheating ways. We're here for the innocents. And I say ... we fight."

"Fight," Leona repeated, a smile perched on her red lips.

"It won't be easy. Our undercover work is now at ninja status. People know who we are; they'll be watching for us." I grinned. "But they've never seen a Kitten on the prowl. We can be pretty stealthy when we want."

"Like that time I hid in Kona Birch's kitchen cabinet? He was so busted." Kira beamed.

"Exactly." I pointed to her and felt all the girls get on board my cheater-catching train. "We are cheerleaders. We are spies. It's who we are. If we give up on womankind just because some boys are intimidating us, they win. And we don't give up that easily."

"I'm texting Janet right now," Leona said. "We're going to catch that wormy bastard in the act. He won't know what hit him."

"Language," I murmured.

"Oops. Sorry. I've just been listening to so much cussing on my voice mail it's, like, second nature."

"Yeah. But we should-"

There was a crackling noise above us, and we looked toward the speaker in the corner. "Can I have your attention please?"

I gulped. It was Principal Pelli.

"I need to see the cheerleading squad in my office. Now. Thank you and sorry for the interruption."

"Uh-oh," Izzie muttered. "I'd better use the bathroom first."

We were French toast.

"Spying?" The principal stood up at his desk while we crowded around it. Leona, Kira, Izzie, and I took the available seats while the rest of the girls sat cross-legged on the floor. We were going to get royally scolded.

"Sir-"

"Save it, Miss Crimson. Coach Taylor wants you off his field, and I'm inclined to agree."

"You can't!" I sat up straighter, and my crutch fell forward, smacking against his desk. "This school needs its spirit, Mr. Pelli. Don't punish the entire student body for our mistake."

"This wasn't a small mistake. This was a felony!"

Izzie squeaked from the chair at the end of his desk. "I don't want to go to jail," she murmured, looking at me with frightened eyes.

"And what about ESPN?" I asked the principal, glancing back at him. "Who's going to fill the stadium?"

He laughed as if I'd made a joke. "And what? Do you think the students will come to see you? I've already gotten seven threats on my voice mail this morning. People are threatening to sue! They want reparations for the pain and suffering you've inflicted. Stuart French is asking for two million dollars!"

"I can't pay that," Izzie whined. "I'll have to sell my car!" I held up my hand, telling her to calm down. There had to be a way out of this.

"Sir, there has to be something you can do. ESPN will bring in great PR for the school, and besides that, some of us were looking to get an athletic scholarship to college." I paused at this statement. Izzie would have had a scholarship in soccer if she hadn't gotten cut from the team. Suddenly, keeping the Kittens together became more important. A cheerleading scholarship could be her last chance.

Principal Pelli slammed his hand down on his desk. "You broke into school property, Ms. Crimson!"

"Is there proof?" Leona asked calmly, picking at her fingernails and looking cool as a cucumber salad. I looked sideways at her, alarmed by her question.

"Proof?" The principal's red face looked as if it were about to explode. In fact, he was turning an unpleasant shade of purple.

"Yes," Leona continued, looking up at him. "As you know, my father is an attorney, and it all comes down to the burden of proof. What do you have?"

"Witnesses for starters!"

"Really." She nodded, unimpressed. I felt the twitch of a smile. Leona was going to make a fabulous defense attorney one of these days. "You have ... who? Blaze and Rhett. After all, sir, they were in the field house after hours, too. So ... I'm not sure they count as credible. Oh, and there is the small fact that Tessa broke her ankle." Leona paused for effect. "On school property."

The principal's eyes widened. "Are you threatening me?"

"You?" Leona shook her head, looking offended. "You're taking this awfully personally, sir. Maybe you're too close to the case."

"Case?"

Kira snickered on the other side of Leona. I could feel the girls around me begin to untense. Leona was totally saving our hides!

Principal Pelli sat down with a thump in his leather chair. Kira laughed again. "This can't go unpunished," he said defiantly, looking around at all of us. Izzie nodded at the end of the desk.

"What do you propose?" Leona asked, leaning forward.

"Three-day suspension."

"One." Swedish fish! This girl was good. I'd have to take her to all of my disciplinary meetings.

The principal narrowed his eyes and leaned closer. "Two. Final offer."

Leona tilted her head from side to side before looking over at me. To be honest, I'd come in her half expecting to be expelled. In the grand scheme, two days wasn't too bad. I nodded with complete relief and heard everyone sigh.

"Deal. But nothing goes in our file. I'm going to Harvard in the fall."

"I'm sure they'll be thrilled to have you," the principal said sarcastically and scribbled something on a piece of paper. "Fine. Now get out of my office, and just so you know, I'll be watching you."

"Uh, creepy," Kira responded. I laughed.

"Get out!"

We scrambled up (well, I hobbled really) and exited the office, waving to Peggy at the receptionist desk on our way out. I wasn't sure, but I thought she looked almost proud. Like maybe she understood why we'd done the spying. I liked to think that most of the girls would.

The squad and I gathered in the empty hall outside the office. "Two days," I said to myself before looking up at them. "That was an amazing feat, Leona. Thank you."

"No problem. I'm just glad I didn't have to break out the sexual harassment defense."

"Me, too," Izzie added, gasping for breath. "I'm so not feeling sexual right now."

We stared at her a minute before turning back to each other. "How about the rest of you?" I asked, looking around. "You girls okay?"

Most nodded. A few sniffled. As a whole, the Smitten Kittens were not used to being scolded. We were among the finest students in Washington High! But now, we were delinquents. I was certainly glad this wouldn't go on our permanent records.

"I'll tell you one thing," Leona said. "I'm going to find the son of a biscuit that did this to us. Our lives are completely compromised because of some vengeful jerk! Whoever it is, they'll pay."

"Okay, Rambo," Kira said. "Relax a little. We need to do this right."

"Isn't Rambo the governor of California?" Melanie, one of the Kittens, asked from the back. She was the exception to the honor-student rule.

"That's the Terminator," I said. "And Kira's right. We need to do this right. If we just go about this wildly, we'll get ourselves in more trouble. And we don't want that."

"I like trouble," Leona said, her voice tight with anger. Then she exhaled. "But you're probably right. Sorry, I refuse to say that Kira is right. The words are just unnatural."

"Shut up," Kira snapped.

"Squash it, ladies," I said, adjusting myself on my crutches. "Let's finish up tryouts and select our new members. We also need to focus on our remaining clients. Are we all in agreement that SOS is still functional?"

I looked around, and all of the girls nodded-some more emphatically than others. Some could barely lift their eyes out of suspension shame.

"Good," I said. "First things first, now that we're suspended, we'll have to move tryouts to my backyard."

"How about mine? I have more room," Leona suggested. She was right. Her house was on nearly an acre with a beautifully manicured lawn. Way better than the hillside that I had.

"That'll be perfect. Now, Izzie,"-I looked at her-"can you contact the candidates and give them the address?"

"Sure."

"Am I invited?" Kira asked, trying to look as if she didn't care, but I knew that face. She was feeling left out.

I sighed. Under normal circumstances, I'd freeze Kira out. Let her serve her punishment. But this was certainly not normal, and the fact was, we needed her. "Kira," I said, carefully putting one crutch after the other to get closer to her. "Will you rejoin the squad and help us?"

Leona gasped, but I heard a few girls in the back clap. Shock crossed Kira's face, and a smile pulled up the corner of her mouth.

"That would be ... lovely," she said, suddenly realizing that she was still mad at me. "Glad you've come to your senses."

"Uh, hello, Tessa," Leona said from behind me. "Love how we got to vote on it?"

She may have been right, but I didn't have time for squad politics. Decisions needed to be made. Captains needed to be strong.

"These are desperate times. We need her," I said.

"Like a hole in the head," Leona retorted.

Kira scoffed. "Why would anyone need a hole in their head, idiot?"

Leona looked at me, a told-you-so expression on her face. I shrugged.

"Well, then," Kira said, stepping in front of me to face the squad. "Since I'm back on the squad, I'd like to propose that we stop tryouts and go straight to a vote."

The knife was just plunged into my back. She'd been on the squad 2.1 seconds, and she was already taking charge.

"No," I said, but Kira turned to smile sweetly at me.

"Desperate times," she answered and then swiveled her head back to the squad. "All in favor of inducting Chloe Ferril as the only new Smitten Kitten?"

It was straight out of a nightmare. Kira had filled my shoes (cast or not) and swooped in on my leadership. Every squad member (except me) raised her hand. I nearly blew a gasket.

"It's settled," Kira said, spinning back around. "Chloe is our newest member. Izzie, deliver the good news to her and make sure she's at practice. We have a killer cheer to prep for ESPN."

Kira started to walk away but paused, her mouth near my ear. "They're all yours, Tess," she whispered. I stood frozen as she strolled down the hall, clearly proud at how easily she had circumvented me. I glanced at the squad. They were watching me, waiting to be dismissed. At least, I still had the final say.

"So we'll meet up at Leona's in a few and get another practice under our Gucci belts," I began, a bit unsteady. "After that, we'll plan out the next mission. If Garrett Bash is cheating, he is so busted. We are in crisis mode, ladies. It's time for true commitment. All Kittens on deck. Understood?"

They nodded enthusiastically. I appreciated their support. In fact, I needed it.

When I stole a sidelong glance at Leona, she pressed her lips together tightly and swallowed with a click. I remembered how brave she seemed when she faced Chris in the hall. And I knew that whoever turned us in was going to feel her wrath. Catching a traitor splintered the squad last time. I wasn't sure we could survive it again.

Just then Izzie broke away and jogged down the hall after Kira.

Witch's brew! We were all in a heap of trouble.

SOS

INTENT TO INVESTIGATE

CASE: 068

CLIENT: Janet Springer

SUBJECT: Garrett Bash

This is the SOS official notice of intent to investigate Garrett Bash. The client has accused Mr. Bash of spending more time with his band as a cover for a cheat. We suspect that the subject has been playing more than the guitar.

If you wish to cancel this investigation, please text a stop-work order to 555-0101. Stop orders must be placed within 24 hours of this written notification.

Thank you for thinking of SOS, and we truly hope that our investigation ends with positive results. Have a great day.

Keep smiling,

SOS : )

SOS

Text: 555-0101 * Exposing Cheaters for Over Three Years

Chapter 7

The Washington sky was beginning to cloud over, the rainy season getting ready to start. Glancing at it through Leona's windshield, I wondered if it were a sign of things to come. Sunshine would feel so much more upbeat right now.

Leona sighed just as she entered my side of town on her way to drop me off at home (no driving until my cast came off). When I looked sideways at her, she was chewing nervously on her bottom lip. Poor thing. She was probably still distraught about Chris.

"Chris is such a jerk, you know?" she said before I could offer my sympathy.

"Oh." I was obviously way off base on this one. She continued to watch the road as she spoke.

"Did you know that he applied to Harvard?"

Definitely not. "I didn't know he was that bright."

She snorted. "He's not. But he said he wanted to go away to school with me."

My stomach flip-flopped. "Did he get in?"

"Hell, no. His GPA is, like, a two point four." Her face fell at little. "But it was sweet of him to try, right?"

"Very sweet." Worry lines creased her forehead and wished I could say something that would help. But when it came to ex-boyfriends, I wasn't an expert. In fact, I should write a handbook on what not to do.

Leona turned into my neighborhood and glanced over at me. "Can I talk to you about something?" she asked.

"Of course."

She paused, almost as if she'd changed her mind, but then she furrowed her dark brows and turned back to the road. "Do you think Izzie has been acting a little strange?"

I nodded, thinking about it. "She's definitely lost a lot of her shine. What have you noticed?"

"When she doesn't think anyone is looking, I see her texting and making phone calls; crying in the locker room."

I gasped. "She's been crying?"

"Yeah. When I asked her what was wrong, she blamed it on her period. But I didn't buy it. You know our cycles are all synced."

"Have been for years. Well, what do you think it is?'

Leona pulled onto my street. "Suspicious. I think it's suspicious."

My heart stopped at her words. "You don't seriously think-"

"No. I don't think she's the rat, but there's something going on, and we'll need to investigate. Just the two of us. You in?" Leona parked at the curb in front of my house and looked pointedly at me.

Investigating another Kitten felt like a huge betrayal, but then again, if we'd done that last time, we might have stopped Kira before she'd taken things so far. "Light surveillance," I agreed. "And we'll talk to her. It might be something completely unrelated. Her and Sam have only been broken up for a month so there might be some residual damage."

"Agreed." Just then Leona looked past me toward my house. She chuckled and then met my eyes. "Looks like your boyfriend beat us home."

"Aiden?" I turned my head quickly expecting to see Aiden, but instead Joel was leaning against his car, not exactly happy to see me.

Leona tsked. "Freudian slip?" I was too red faced to answer. I didn't know why I expected it to be Aiden. I mean, Joel was closer to being my boy-uh-oh. "He knows about SOS."

"By the look on his face? I'd say so."

"Tequila sunrise! What do you think he's going to say?"

"Well, he's here. So that's a good sign."

I turned to her. "Really?"

She shook her head. "No. But I'm sure you'll work it out. Just do something cute. He might forgive you. And if he doesn't, no big loss. I mean, you were hoping it was Aiden anyway."

"I was not."

"You so were."

"Not."

"Whatever, Tess." She laughed. "I'll pick you up before practice. Don't go running off anywhere."

I pushed open the door and motioned to my cast. "Don't think you have to worry about me running anywhere."

"Point taken."

I reached into the backseat, grabbing my crutches before climbing out gingerly. I couldn't imagine three months of this crutching business. It definitely wasn't worth a handicapped spot at the mall (Kira's first reaction).

My crutches crunched the leaves as I approached Joel and my stomach was twisting in knots. Would he scold me? Would he tell me off? I almost turned around and hobbled after Leona's departing car. But before I could, Joel met my eyes.

"Hi," I said cautiously. My insides were bouncing with anxiety.

Joel chuckled as he stared at the ground. "Hi? That's it? I mean, you might have a little more to say than that, don't you think?"

"I was just starting. Thought maybe hi was a good first step."

Joel raised his head. He was so handsome, dressed in a brown fleece pullover that looked great with his hazel eyes. "Not much stepping for a while though, huh?"

I held up one crutch. "At least three months."

"Ouch."

"That's what I said!"

He smiled. "Are you in pain?"

His concern for me only succeeded in making me feel worse. "I think it depends how angry you are with me."

He didn't answer right away. Instead, we stood there, the wind blowing softly through the trees, sending orange and red leaves around us. Just when I was about to repeat myself, he sighed.

"Can I come in?" he asked.

My heart rate sped up. "Really?" Even though I knew Joel was a nice guy, I half expected this to be a practical joke. Like Blaze and his cronies would jump out any second and laugh at me.

Instead, Joel stepped forward and took my hand from my crutch, holding it in his. "We should probably talk."

I stayed mostly silent as Joel led me to my house, held the front door, and let me in. The inside still smelled like last night's lasagna, and it was almost calming. But it wasn't until I was sitting (un)comfortably at the kitchen table that Joel actually began speaking.

"How bad was school?" he asked quietly, sitting across the linen-cloth-covered table from me.

"Badly bad. People where calling us all sorts of horrible names."

He winced and looked down at his fingers as they twisted the tablecloth. "Damn. I'm sorry I wasn't there."

"Why weren't you there? You were part of the reason I went." Well, that and the fact that I didn't want to look defeated.

"I ... just didn't feel like going. After I heard about your accident, I was out of my mind with worry. Then I started getting the calls. People are very angry with you."

"Are you angry with me?" In a way, I'd wished I'd told him myself. But it was too late for that now. I needed to accept whatever he said.

"Do you really spy on people?" he asked.

Sheesh. I wasn't expecting him to dive right in. "Sometimes."

He shook his head and looked away from me. "Ever spy on me?"

"No."

"What about your ex-boyfriend?"

Uh-oh. "A couple of times."

Joel scrunched his face as if he didn't like the sound of that. "You know that most of the school hates you right now?"

"I got the picture. You know, with all the name-calling and messages. But feel free to elaborate if you need to." I admit I was getting a bit snarky. I mean, yes, Joel was upset hearing about my double life, but he didn't need to rub it in.

"Don't be like that," he said quickly, spreading his hand across the table. "I just got dealt a huge blow here, Tessa. I mean, you're a f**king spy. That's kind of crazy."

"Could ... could you not swear?"

He stared at me for a second and then laughed. "Don't be cute," he said. "Right now I want to decide what to do about you, and I can't think clearly if you're being adorable."

I smiled, my anxiety easing. "You think I'm adorable?"

"So adorable."

"That's nice. Thank you."

Joel stood up, slowly walking around to bend down in front of me, checking out my cast. He ran his hand down it slowly, as if it were bare skin. I felt my breathing catch.

"I don't like what you did," he said quietly, continuing to caress my calf. "I think it was completely unethical."

"So does my father."

He flicked his eyes toward mine, a small smile on his lips. "Guess that's something he and I have in common." I nodded. He grabbed a pen from the table, his fingers grazing just above my cast, behind me knee. He put the pen on the plaster and began to write something.

But his touch. Good gravy, it felt nice. My eyes closed as he continued to hold me there, continued to press against my skin.

"Did you know that my parents are divorced?" he asked offhandedly.

My eyelids fluttered as I looked at him. The blue pen was scrolling across my cast, writing something I couldn't see. "I didn't know that. I'm sorry."

"I live with my mom during the week but stay at my dad's on the weekends. It really sucks, splitting my time like that. They hate each other."

I swallowed hard. "My parents are divorced, too," I said. Joel stopped writing and looked up at me.

"What? Don't ... don't you live with both of your parents?"

"Yes. But they got divorced when I was in seventh grade. I think my father was seeing another woman."

Something flashed behind Joel's eyes, but he looked away and wrote a final word on the cast before standing up. He paused there, really close. Then as if rethinking it, he tossed the pen onto the table and backed away before going to sit across from me again. I was out of breath. I missed him touching me.

"What'd you write?" I asked as I tried to lift my heavy cast to read it. It took a bit of head twisting, but I was finally able to make it out.

"In 3 months, the leg under this cast will kick your a**, so don't even think about messing with me. Oh, and Joel is cute!"

I burst out laughing. He even drew the stars to block out the bad word! "People aren't going to think I wrote on my own cast," I said, grinning over at him.

"No, but they will know that you think I'm cute."

He had me there. I sat back in my chair, glad he was flirting with me. At least, that way I knew he'd overlook my newly destroyed social status. He was a keeper.

"So," he drummed his fingers on the table, "what's the deal with school? Are you expelled?"

"Leona is skilled in the art of negotiation. We're suspended for two days."

"That's it?"

"Yep."

"She is skilled."

"I know!"

"I'm glad. It'd be really boring at school without all the cheerleaders flitting around in short skirts."

I raised my eyebrow. He coughed and then cleared his throat.

"I mean without you there with your perky attitude?"

"Thanks." I smiled, but I saw his face grow more serious as he looked back at me.

"Tess," he asked. "You are done spying, right?"

I froze at his question. No, we were definitely not done spying, but that was level-one top secret. "Yes," I lied. "Completely done."

"I'm glad. It'd be hard to defend you if you still were."

Would I ever learn? Keeping things from the men in my life always came back to bite me in the backside. It was just that this time, it was really important. I was torn.

"Are you still going to cheer?"

I flinched. "Flying monkeys! Of course, I am. Why would you think that?"

"Broken ankle?"

I straightened my posture, ignoring the fact that there was not only a bright white plaster cast on my leg but also an unsightly black boot over it. "I am perfectly capable of leading a cheer squad. Besides, most of it's spirit and not physical."

Joel's eyes widened like maybe he thought I was crazy.

"In fact, I have practice in a few hours."

"You're a machine, Tessa. A perky, intense little cheerleading machine."

"That's sweet. Thank you."

He laughed. "All right then, what about tonight? Do you have plans for tonight?"

"Not at the moment."

"Then can I take you and your cast out to dinner?"

This was an excellent turn of events! Not only was Joel not mad at me, he still wanted to date me. This boy might just be smitten. "I would like that."

"Cool. What time should I pick you up?"

Hm ... my parents would be home by seven, and I didn't really want them to intersect with Joel. Not when I'd have to explain the whole suspension thing. "How about six?"

"Perfect." Joel stood up and smoothed out the tablecloth after it snagged on his pullover. I watched him, admiring how calm and thorough he was. He made me feel very safe. "Do you need anything else before I go?" he asked, turning back to me.

"I'll be okay. And ... thank you for taking me out tonight."

He smiled. "Tessa, I'd take you out every night if you let me." My stomach fluttered as he crossed to the door. "But one thing," he added.

"What?"

"Leave your binoculars at home."

I laughed. "Promise." And then he left, clicking the door shut behind him.

Once he was gone, I went to my room and took a seat at my wood desk. I pulled up my e-mails. Fifty-six new messages. I blew out a hard breath. There was no way my psyche could take that kind of negative overload. Instead, I just scanned the senders. I saw the e-mail from Joel, one from Leona with the subject line, "I will kill them." Poor thing. So much pent-up anger.

But oddly enough, there was nothing from Aiden. No mention of my ankle or how he'd come to see me in hospital. Why he was even in town. Just ... nothing. I felt a pain begin to build up in my chest, and I quickly shut off the computer and hobbled away from my desk.

Not going there. Not now. Instead, I lay across my pink comforter and looked at my phone. I had missed a text message from Kira. I wasn't sure that I wanted to open it. She'd totally outvoted me in front of the squad.

"BTW, THANKS"

I wondered if maybe she knew that Joel was here. She could be saying it sarcastically. I slowly typed in "FOR WHAT?"

She answered quickly as if she'd been waiting for me. "FOR LETTING ME BACK ON THE SQUAD EARLY"

I was surprised by her answer. Kira and I ... we had some serious issues. And it seemed that every time I gave her an inch, she took the proverbial mile. I had let her on the squad because I needed her, but not just for the mission. She was part of the team, and I didn't like seeing her left out. But instead of thanking me, she made a fool of me.

"YOU HAVE AN ODD WAY OF SHOWING THANKS"

I waited, hoping Kira and I could finally have it out. Put our issues aside. Maybe become friends again. But when ten minutes passed without a response, I put my phone on my side table and curled up. Yeah. I guess things didn't really work out that easily.

From: Darrell Tremont

"You really think it'll be that easy?" Kira asked, shaking her head. "They hate us, Tessa. Like, pig's blood at the prom hate us."

"Gross. Look, K. I'm sure this will blow over. And I was thinking if we can find out who turned us in, maybe they'll tell us why, give us some insight."

"We'll never be able to find them," Izzie said, tugging on her messy ponytail.

I tsked. "Never say never. It's so negative. Besides, if we find the culprit, maybe we can explain the positive force behind SOS, and they can become our ally."

"I don't want to talk to them," Leona said. "I want to drop-kick them."

"You know I don't support violence."

Leona clasped her hands behind her back, letting me continue.

"Now," I said to the group. "Has anyone heard anything about who told Blaze?"

The squad was silent. My stomach churned uneasily. We'd been post-compromised for nearly forty-eight hours and nothing? It was so unusual for us. Izzie raised her hand I exhaled with relief.

"Thanks goodness. You have something?"

"Oh. Um, no. I just wanted to see if I could go get a drink of water. The stress is

making me very thirsty." I stared at her. "Never mind." She waved her hand and looked away.

"I heard something," Maddie Thomlin, a sophomore, said from the back. "Peter Marachino is in my math class, and as he was passing around graphic pictures of me that he drew, he let it slip that Blaze had been IMing with whoever outed us. So it sounds like he knew the perpetrator before finding out."

"Wow," I said, impressed. "That's a huge help, Maddie. Thanks."

"It's a guy." Kira rolled her eyes as if we were all stupid. "I could have told you that. Like a girl is going to ruin the only chance she has of catching her boyfriend cheating? Not in a million years."

"Good point," Leona said. "Well, except for the fact that you told us the copy-Kitten was a guy last time. Hm, now who was the copy-Kitten? My memory is failing me here."

"Don't start with me," Kira growled, stepping forward. Chloe grabbed her arm and pulled her back.

"Take it down a notch, K," Chloe said. "We're all teammates here."

My eyes practically bulged from my skull, especially when Kira turned around and thanked her. Chloe was seriously crushing my toes, but I couldn't deal with it right now. I had cheers to lead. Cheaters to catch. And more importantly, find out who turned us in.

"Well," I said, getting their attention. "Then maybe a serial adulterer has gotten a hold of our identities and used them to ruin us."

"That makes sense," Leona said. "That way he can cheat without consequence."

"There are always consequences," Izzie said, looking out over the yard. "Especially when you lie."

A prickle of concern raced over my skin, and I quickly jetted my gaze over to Leona who was staring back at me. She gave me the we-need-to-talk expression. I was so lucky to have her. Otherwise-now that Kira and I weren't friends-I'd be all alone.

"Can we get started on the cheer now?" Chloe asked. "Unless, of course, you're feeling overwhelmed between ESPN, cheaters, and your broken ankle. Maybe you should be taking it easy." She smiled.

I was offended! "Chloe, I'm perfectly capable of leading the cheers, finding the traitor, and catching cheating boyfriends. I'm a multitasker. So I ask that you don't question my authority." Normally, I wouldn't have reacted so negatively, but she was purposely trying to get under my skin. Between her and Kira my leadership was highly threatened.

"She's right, Tess," Kira added. "Maybe you are doing too much."

"I am not going to take it easy! In fact, after practice tonight, I'm going to go home and write an entirely new routine."

Kira looked down at the ground, seemingly off balance by my answer. Chloe smiled at me, an unusually pleasant expression on her face. She leaned to whisper something to Kira I couldn't quite catch, but when things were settled, I adjusted my crutches underneath me.

"Now, about the schedule," I said. "I need to find out everywhere Garrett Bash and the accused accomplice Stacy Sadera hang out. Who wants to do recon?"

"I will," Chloe said. "I can't wait to dive in."

My mouth twitched. "Sorry, Chloe. You're still on probationary status for two weeks. She frowned. "Izzie, how about you?"

She looked over at me, surprised that I asked. "Uh, okay." Not the sort of enthusiasm I liked to see, but compared to how she'd been acting lately, this was a step up.

"And I'll scan his e-mails," Leona added. "Speaking of multitasking, I'll also hack into the school e-mails and see if I can find anything to Blaze about us prior to the incident. I know how to hack into the computer lab."

"Unethical but good," I answered. "Killing two birds with one stone." Izzie gasped. She was a member of PETA.

"Kira," I said turning to her. "Do you think you can create a fake screen name and try Garrett on IM?"

"Psht. Done." She picked at her nails. That girl was a genius at IM seduction.

"But no sexting," I warned.

She rolled her eyes. "I learned my lesson on that. Lance McGill forwarded my messages to the entire school, remember?"

I did. I had been in home ec with Aiden one afternoon last year when he burst out laughing. At first, he wouldn't say why as I continued to sew our latest project. Turned out, Kira's, um ... desires were onscreen for the entire world to see. And I'll admit, they were kind of freaky.

I put my hands on my hips through the rungs of my crutches. "I'll set up a stakeout in front of Garrett's house, but I'll need someone to drive."

"I can," Chloe spoke up, sounding anxious. I looked across the lawn at her cute blond hairstyle and perfectly fitted uniform, and I almost said okay. Until I saw her eyes-her dark, black-lined eyes. This was Chloe. And people didn't change. Even Aiden didn't change.

"Izzie," I called, ignoring Chloe's offer. "Can you drive? I'll watch the house while you listen to the locker-room chatter on the wire. Luckily, they haven't found the bug we planted under the bench."

Izzie shrugged and then seemed to rethink it and smiled. "Definitely," she said. "Hey, maybe the guys will mention us."

Leona laughed. "Oh, I'm sure they'll mention us. I'm just not sure you'll like what they have to say. Then again, maybe they'll mention the bastard that turned us in."

I shifted on my cast. Leona was heck bent on finding the person who had caused our compromised position. I might have to keep an eye on the situation for potential overzealousness. "Still nothing from Chris?" I asked her quietly.

She shook her head. "I don't care anyway. He's a tool."

I knew she didn't mean it, but maybe it made things easier if she thought of him that way. Maybe it was what I needed to do about Aiden.

I looked back at my squad. "Listen, girls. I want you all to try to stay positive. I know we're going through a tough time right now, but just remember: We have each other."

"That's all we have," Leona mumbled. "We're like a virus at school and people are staying away."

"Viruses are totally gross," Kira said, looking around for agreement. Most of the girls nodded. Well, except for Kayla Anders. She'd had mono last year. It was an unfortunate case of over-kissing.

I asked Leona for a time check and then decided we had better get started on practice if we wanted to have anything put together for ESPN. First, we had to go over the basics, just to make sure we were in sync. Just to make sure Chloe fit in.

I dropped my crutches down at my side and then kept my knee bent so that my stance was near normal. I motioned for the girls to get in formation, and when they were, I clapped my hands. "Ready? Okay."

I started the cheer and narrowed my eyes as Chloe was able to mimic every cheer move, every tone fluctuation. That rattlesnake had amazing control of her diaphragm. I pushed harder, doing everything one legged. I was able to raise my cast boot, but not nearly as high as normal. I made up for it with voice projection.

But soon, I was being drowned out by Chloe's voice. Enunciating every word. Clipping all her vowels. Argh!

In a moment of frustration, I felt the weight of my cast shift me to my side. I hopped, trying to catch myself, but it was too late. Soon I was falling sideways and landing hard on my hip in the lush, backyard grass. Ouch.

The girls squealed, and I felt them surround me as I tried to sit up. Kryptonite! My ankle was killing me. I must have hit it when I fell.

"Are you okay?" Leona asked, squatting down.

"I'm fine. Let's keep going." But even I knew I wasn't fine. I'm sure my doctor would frown upon cheering while in a cast.

"I don't know, Tess," Izzie said, standing over me and twisting a red curl around her finger. "I think maybe you should take it easy today. You did just break your

ankle... ."

I closed my eyes, heat warming my cheeks. I felt embarrassed. Both because I fell and because I wasn't acting like a strong leader. And if I didn't right this ship, I'd be out as captain.

"I'll take you home," Leona said, getting up and reaching down for my hand. "We'll pick up practice tomorrow. I mean, might as well. We're suspended anyway."

I didn't glance at Chloe although I could feel her stare on me. She was probably smiling, happy that I was out for today. I was having a really bad day.

Kira walked up, looking me over, her face more concerned than pleased. For a second, I could see the old Kira. The one who trusted me. The one I trusted. But then her eyes went to where my pants had lifted up enough to expose my cast. She gasped.

I followed her stare and saw that she was looking at Joel's note. Of course, she knew I didn't write it, but did it matter? I let him write it. She took a step back from me, looking away quickly and seeming to hold her breath. I felt awful.

"You okay?" Leona asked from above me.

I nodded, hearing the squad behind us becoming unfocused. But I couldn't look away from Kira. I felt like I'd betrayed her. I understood how she felt. She probably felt a lot like I did when Mary Rudick started sleeping with my boyfriend. Even though this situation was completely different, and even though Kira had been completely evil to me, I felt sick with myself.

"They're losing focus," Leona said, motioning back toward the squad. She was right. I needed to get my ponytail on straight.

Someone had to take the squad reins, and Leona (although a great cheerleader) wasn't the Kitten for the job. I knew who could be. I just debated whether or not it would cause more harm than good. "K?" I asked.

"Yeah?" She turned back to me, her icy-blue stare chilling me.

"Will you lead them through the rest of the routine?"

She seemed to choke, looking confused. But then she recovered and nodded.

"Uh ... sure." She looked at Leona who glared at me. "I'd love to."

"Thanks."

Kira glanced at the ground, then at the squad. "Well," she called out to them impatiently. "What are you waiting for? Get in formation!" She clapped her hands together, and the girls fell in line, even Chloe. I might have been a little jealous, but I tried not to think about it as Izzie handed me my crutches.

"Sorry you fell, Tess," she said. "I know what it's like to feel out of control."

I watched her for a second before putting my hand on her shoulder. "I know you do, Iz. And I'm sorry for that." When she and Sam had started to have problems last month, Izzie fell apart. She seemed even worse now.

She nodded, a look of guilt crossing her otherwise pale face. Then she went back to stand in the cheer line, mimicking Kira's moves.

"We'll see you tomorrow, Tessa," Kira called without looking over. She was completely serious as she worked the arm movements for the squad, taking them through the steps. But at the last second, I saw her lips pull into a smile.

I put one crutch in front of the other and began my way around the house with Leona at my side. I may have lost that battle, but giving in a little might not be so bad. Because I had to admit, I'd missed Kira's smile.

From: Joel Fletcher

J

Chapter 9

After Leona dropped me off at home, I quickly hobbled inside and changed into the only spy gear I could fit over my cast: black sweatpants and a Wildcat's T-shirt. On my dresser, I found a large pair of dark sunglasses and then-in a stroke of much needed good luck-the cherry lip gloss I'd been searching everywhere for. It still smelled fabulous.

I'd just gotten done (putting on clothes while wearing a cast was very time-consuming) when Izzie beeped in front of my house. She wanted to grab some Taco Bell before the stakeout, and I'd begrudgingly agreed. The smell of processed meat tended to cling to my hair, but I figured she could use the protein.

Grabbing my spy pack, I threw it on my shoulder and got on my crutches. Izzie smiled weakly in greeting when I got outside. Then I tossed my crutches in the backseat of her car and fell into the leather passenger seat. Ouch. My hip was still tender from the spill I'd taken during practice.

"You okay?" she asked. "We can reschedule-"

"No way. This is our first step back in the game. Keeping SOS alive will prove its necessity. Maybe in the end, people will even respect it."

"That's a nice thought," she murmured, shifting into gear and backing out of the driveway. "It'd be good to start over."

I turned to look at her as she stared out at the road. Leona and I had agreed before she dropped me off that we were going to have an intervention with Izzie soon, making her tell us exactly what was going on. But we knew it'd have to wait a few days. There was just too much going on to add another priority.

Whatever had happened, whatever Izzie had done, we'd support her. "Never leave a Smitten Kitten behind"-that was our motto.

After we'd gotten our tacos and scarfed them in the parking lot (I made her leave the windows down so the car wouldn't reek), we headed toward Garrett's house. He and Stacy were best friends and bandmates-part of a larger garage band. Actually, the group was called Garage Band. They played a lot of local parties, and they were pretty good. But now we suspected that there had been more than jamming going on behind those garage doors.

"Garrett and Stacy have been friends forever. Do you really think they've been cheating this whole time?" Izzie asked as she turned onto Evergreen Street. The plan was to park in the driveway of a home for sale just two houses away from Garrett's place. Leona had texted me the address that she'd found in the local listings. Seemed it'd been vacant for months. Perfect.

"The signs are all there," I said sadly. I grabbed my black spy pack from the floor and reached inside to get out the extra-zoom lens, snapping it onto the front of my camera. "I've seen them leaving campus together at lunch but assumed it was for practice. I mean, they're always together. But maybe they were never practicing. Maybe they were hooking up. I don't know, it would be pretty rotten if he were cheating with Stacy. Friendships are supposed to be a sacred bond."

Despite the dismal subject, I smiled a little. Joel and I had started as friends, in fact, we still were. We definitely hadn't been trying to date-we both had been in love with other people. But ... I don't know. He made me feel good. He teased me mercilessly, dragged me to carnivals, and made me eat day-old corn dogs. He was sweet peach tea.

It was completely different than what I'd had with Aiden. He and I were never friends. We just ... were. From the start, we'd been inseparable, and we never questioned how or why. Maybe that wasn't such a good thing.

Darkness seemed to creep over me, and I shook my head, trying to clear it. Aiden was out of my life. I mean, he didn't even e-mail to see how I was doing!

"Sam had a lot of female friends," Izzie said. I looked over to see her tightening her grip on the steering wheel, her knuckles going from soft pink to strained white.

"Hey," I said hopefully. "Maybe this will be the one time it's not true? Maybe Garrett is innocent." Izzie glanced sideways at me, but neither of us believed that. We'd seen too much.

"It's six forty-five," Izzie said, pressing a button on her watch. "They usually have band practice in his garage at seven. Do you think he's in there now with Stacy?"

"Wait." I felt I was forgetting something. "What time is it again?"

"Six forty-five?"

Friday Night Lights! I'd forgotten about Joel! He was picking me up for dinner at six. Dang it! "Hold on a sec, Iz. I have to make a call." I grabbed my phone out of my pack and dialed his number. My heart was racing, but it just rang. When his voice mail picked up, I almost couldn't talk. But I knew I needed to.

"Um, hi. It's me. I'm so sorry I missed our dinner tonight. Something came up with Izzie, and I lost track of time. I hope you didn't wait too long. Can we reschedule?" I paused, not sure how to finish. It was an awkward moment of how to end the call to your almost boyfriend's voice mail. "I'm really sorry. Okay, bye." Well, that should work. I hung up and then turned to Izzie, biting on my lip. "Do you think he hates me now?"

"No," she smiled. "I think he's in love with you."

Her comment made me freeze. Love. Love! I couldn't hear that word being tossed around so casually. It stung my face like a bee, making me swell. Making me ache.

Refocus, Tessa. "Pass me the video camera," I asked, quietly. "I'm going in for a closer look."

"Really? But your crutches."

"Please, Izzie." I couldn't even meet her eyes. Just thinking about what love meant and how I'd had it once ... it was all too much to take. I was on a mission and, dagnabbit, I was going to catch this cheater.

Izzie took out the video camera and then slipped on her black stocking cap. "The boys aren't in the locker room, so I'll be able to help you and check your feed." She took out the portable TV, setting it on the dash. "Be careful, Tess."

I nodded, nervousness seeping in. Would I be able to spy with a broken ankle? I stopped myself. I was a natural-born spy. Nothing was impossible when it came to covert activity.

With a self-assured smile, I got out of the car and pulled the crutches from the floor of the backseat. I balanced on them and then hooked my hand through the loop of the video camera, turning it on and testing it.

"Got it," Izzie said from inside the car. I put my long-range camera inside my bag in case the job needed more equipment.

"Wish me luck," I whispered, starting toward the house.

"Break a leg!" I paused and looked back at her. She shrugged an apology. I smiled at the irony of it and crutched across the lawn, tight to the porches of the house. The dusk was quickly turning into night, and I wanted to hurry so that I wouldn't need infrared.

I slipped around back, careful to duck down (or as much as I could on crutches) as I passed the garage windows. I wasn't sure if Garrett and Stacy were in there yet, but I didn't hear them playing any music so I assumed they weren't. Toward the back of the house was a dusty, small paned window that peeked inside the garage. Perfect.

I took off my pack and balanced my crutches against the back siding as I steadied my video camera and began filming. I wanted to set the scene for the recording. I wiped away a small section of dirt from the window with my sleeve, but when I put my lens up to it, I gasped.

They were in there! Quickly, I spun out of the way, nailing my back to the wall, but in the process, I knocked over my crutches. I gritted my teeth as they hit the concrete with a loud thwack.

Salamander salad! I was in trouble. I heard rustling behind the window, like maybe someone was trying to open it. That was a bit odd. Because from what I saw in the split second I was looking, neither Garrett nor Stacy was exactly "dressed" to open a window. In fact, it might be a little drafty.

"Leave it," I heard as a small murmur. The old glass obviously wasn't double paned. I couldn't hear much, but I could hear just enough.

"I thought I heard something," Garrett said.

"Probably a squirrel or something. Let's hurry, the band will be here soon."

My lip curled. Seriously, Stacy? So gross. Hooking up in a garage had major ick factor. Plus, Garrett was a pretty popular guy around school, and although Stacy was his "best" friend-he was known to hang out with a few other girls. I'd seen him doing homework with Shawna Smith after school. I'd heard Leeandra Rochkhill mention how they went to a concert together so that she could interview him for the school paper. I'd even watched Marsha Harting buy him lunch to "pay him back" for fixing her car. Were they all covers? Now I wondered how many "practices" he had a week.

After a few beats, the noise moved to the other side of the room, and I felt my stomach turn with the nausea of it. This was the part. From the beginning of SOS, this was the part that I hated. Catching the cheaters. It was enough to make you doubt humanity.

I reset my camera and then carefully (on one foot) turned back to the window and pressed the lens to the glass. Oh, puke. They were ... really going for it.

Letting the video record, I couldn't bear to watch anymore so I looked out over his backyard, holding the camera steady. There was a small play set, one that was worn and rusty. I wondered if maybe it was from when he was a little kid. And then I wondered what his mother would think if she found him now.

In my pocket, my cell buzzed. Must be Izzie. Keeping my recording hand up, and my broken ankle off the ground, I slipped out the phone. Whoa. It was Joel.

I didn't want him to go to voice mail, but I wouldn't be able to get away in time to answer it. Judgment call.

"Hello?" I whispered, putting the phone to my ear.

"Tessa? Is that you?"

"Uh-huh."

He paused. I glanced around and then checked in the garage. They were still occupied. Wait. Was he giving her the Heimlich? Oh. Never mind.

"Why are you whispering?" Joel asked, whispering himself.

"Um ..." I turned away and scanned my usual list of excuses, and nothing came through. "I'm at a movie?"

Joel didn't speak at first. Then, "Movie? So you ditched me tonight to go out to a movie with someone else."

Oops. I'd forgotten about the ditching him part. See, this was why I'd always told the girls not to answer their phones when on a mission! "I'm with Izzie. She's ... having problems." I rolled my eyes. I was being a very bad friend right now. Izzie's problems were not a ready-made excuse for me to use. Why did I answer the phone?

There was a noise from the garage that told me they were close to finishing, so I pulled down my camera and backed up against the wall again. Balancing the phone between my ear and shoulder, I bent down and picked up my spy pack and crutches.

"Should I even bother asking you out again?" Joel asked, his voice sounding a little sad. It sounded like he'd given up.

I straightened up, a pout on my lips. "Yes. I want to go out with you, Joel."

"See!" I heard from inside the garage. "Did you hear that? Someone's out there!"

My eyes widened and quickly shut off the phone and shoved into my pocket. Guess my whispering wasn't quiet enough.

Eee!!!!! I tried to crutch as fast as I could, but I knew there was no way I could get out of here in time. There was a series of little popping sounds as each rubber end of the crutch hit the patio pavement.

"Hey!"

I froze, nearly tipping on my crutches. I was so burned!

"Hey," Garrett called back, then laughed. "You're early."

Early? I turned cautiously and looked over my shoulder. No one was there. I waited a second and soon other voices filed out. The rest of the band must have arrived.

I blew out a relieved breath and made my way around the house, careful to duck down again. If anything, Garrett and Stacy should be thankful I was spying. If I hadn't made noise, they might have been caught in a compromising position by their bandmates. That would have been an awkward set.

I'd just gotten back to the front yard when my phone started buzzing again. I winced. Joel!

"Sorry," I whispered, the minute I put my phone to my ear. It made crutching difficult, so I tried to balance the phone on my shoulder as I hurried to Izzie's car.

"You ... hung up on me."

"I'm so sorry. I lost my signal."

"Right. What movie are you at again?" He sounded suspicious.

"The romantic comedy with that Jennifer Anniston."

"Uh-huh. Which theater?"

"Regal at Redmond Town Center."

"Popcorn?"

"Course." He was good.

"Tessa," Joel exhaled. "Are you spying?"

I was just outside Izzie's car, and I opened the back door quickly, tossing in my crutches before shutting it softly. "No!" Pickled pears! I hated lying. "I told you I'm helping Izzie through a tough time." I closed my eyes. This was so not a great way to start a relationship, but what choice did I have?

Izzie leaned over the seat and pushed open the passenger door. "Hurry, Tess," she whispered, looking toward Garrett's garage. She was right. Joel was completely compromising my mission.

"Can we reschedule?" I asked. "The people in the theater are giving me really dirty looks."

He waited, and I wondered if he'd drive over to the theater to see if I were really there. "Yeah," he said, finally. "I'll call you tomorrow." And before I could respond, he hung up. Great. Just great.

I climbed into Izzie's car and put my spy pack on the floor. "Well that was inconvenient," I told her. "Joel called right in the middle of the assignment."

"You answered?" She stared at me, her eyebrows pulled together. "I thought you said it was against the rules to answer your phone while on a mission."

"Oh, it is. I just ..." I just lived a double standard. I put my head back against the rest and put my palm across my forehead. "You're right. Sorry, Iz. I guess I need to get my priorities straight."

She turned to face me, looking tired. Drawn out. "I guess you do."

Whoa. That was a bit unfair. I mean, it was one thing for me to criticize myself, but it was another for Izzie to do it. I blinked quickly and then pulled my seat belt across my chest, feeling self-conscious.

Izzie started the car, but as she backed out, the band from Garrett's garage came walking out.

"Crab cakes," Izzie said, stepping on the gas and squealing the tires as she rushed to get us out of sight. I looked over my shoulder as Garrett and his friends walked to their van, instruments in cases being pulled behind them.

But it was Stacy that I noticed. She was adjusting the buttons on her white blouse, casually standing with her best friend. Comfortable in their situation. Their lie.

But as Izzie and I turned the corner, she looked up. Her mouth opened in surprise as her eyes met mine, the color draining from her face.

She might have just realized that she was caught in the act.

SOS

CHEATER-INCIDENT REPORT

CASE: 068

CLIENT: Janet Springer

SUBJECT: Garrett Bash

FINDINGS: At approximately 6:45 p.m. on October 10, Mr. Bash was observed "practicing" with his bandmate Stacy in his garage. Unfortunately, neither was clothed. We are sad to inform you that Mr. Bash's friendship with Ms. Sadera was really a clever ruse for an affair. Please be advised that she was the only one witnessed, but we do not discount his possible involvement with other "friends."

In this notice, you'll find a DVD of their indiscretion, along with the number of a reputable therapist. We are sorry that you were scammed by the "let's just pretend to be best friends" routine. But we hope you can find peace in the truth.

SOS offers our deepest sympathies. We hope that we will not have to assist you again in the future, but please keep us in mind for referrals.

Keep smiling,

SOS : )

SOS

Text: 555-0101 * Exposing Cheaters for Over Three Years

Chapter 10

The next morning I couldn't technically go into school (the whole suspension thing) so I staked out the parking lot, waiting for Janet. Now that our names were out, there wasn't much use in sneaking the reports into a locker.

It was hard standing there on my crutches next to my car, getting stared down by every passing guy. Even the ones we hadn't investigated seemed to hate us. When had the cheer skirt ever brought out this sort of animosity?

But my heart really started to pound when I saw Blaze Harmon get out of his SUV. His eyes immediately found mine and narrowed. I'd known Blaze since the eighth grade, and we'd never had any problems. In fact, we were sort of friends through Aiden. But now things were definitely different. So when he started walking over, I tightened my grip on my crutches.

"What are doing here, little spy?" he spit when he got close enough. His dark spiky hair looked extra sharp and dangerous. "Thought you were suspended."

I tried to not look threatened. "Blaze, I'm not going to engage you in an argument, so maybe we can skip the part where you call me all sorts of awful names."

He grinned. "And why would I want to do that, you bitch?"

Pinpricks covered over my skin, that feeling you get just before you cry. I could feel my face reddening, but I'd never cry in front of him. I was a much tougher Kitten then he realized. Instead, I turned my body toward him and tilted my head.

"You're right, Blaze. We have been spying-for over three years. Do you really think in all that time, we haven't dug up something, even just a little thing about you? Or Trishelle?"

His jaw hit the pavement. I could see his hamster wheel spinning as he tried to remember everything he'd ever done or any suspicion about his girlfriend he'd ever had. Before he was done processing, Janet's blue Mini Cooper pulled into the parking lot.

I almost felt bad for lying, since I had nothing on Blaze. But he was trying to physically intimidate me, and although I was trained in the art of tae kwon do, I was no match for him.

With him temporarily distracted by his thought, I saw my chance to escape. I smoothed out my ponytail with my hand and crutched my way over to where Janet had parked. I shot one cautionary glance over my shoulder back at Blaze, but he was already walking toward school, scratching his head.

I realized limping toward Janet that I was nervous. I'd never given someone bad news in person before. It was definitely easier to do when hiding behind an alias.

"Hi, Janet," I said with as much pep as possible when she climbed out her driver's side door.

She turned to look at me, her blond hair falling in her eyes before she pushed it away and smiled. "Oh, Tessa. Hey." She seemed awkward and glanced around the parking lot, maybe frightened that people would see her with me.

"I was wondering if I could talk to you for a sec."

"Um ..." She fidgeted and clicked the locks of her car. "Sure. Is this about the investigation? Don't you do that secretly?"

She looked really uncomfortable, and it was obvious that she didn't want to talk to me. It made me feel icky. Like I wasn't worth her words.

I straightened my posture. "Yes, it's about Garrett. We finished the investigation and have a report for you." Careful not to tip over, I reached into my backpack that was hanging over my shoulder and pulled out the manila envelope. When I held it out to her, she stared at it as if it were infected. Her eyes began to water.

"It was true, wasn't it? He's cheating."

Her statement knocked the wind out of me. Sometimes when investigating, I forgot the human factor. That these were real couples who had been dating-kissing. Holding hands. I swallowed hard.

"Yes. I'm so sorry, Janet."

She let out a low, disbelieving laugh and looked away, still not taking the envelope. She wiped roughly at her cheek when the first tear streamed down. Forest Gump! My lip was quivering.

"It was Stacy." She didn't ask. It was like she knew. When she looked over at me, I nodded. "Any chance you girls double as hit men?"

"I don't support violence in any form."

"Too bad."

My center was tilted, and I wanted to go home and take a hot shower. Something to distract me from the tragedy of the moment. I held up the envelope to her again.

"I do have to deliver this," I said.

"Okay." She sighed, as if resigned to the truth. "You know, I have to tell you. When I heard about the Smitten Kittens being SOS, I totally didn't believe it. I mean, SOS is pretty badass. So I was, like, cheerleaders? No offense, Tessa. But I didn't think cheerleaders were very smart."

I considered correcting her and telling her that the Smitten Kittens had a median grade average of 91.3. Or that all of our former squad members had attended college.

"But you proved me wrong," she added suddenly. "Obviously I underestimated you." She looked away across the parking lot. "I guess I misjudged a lot of things."

I waited until she turned back to me, and then I leapt forward, embracing her. I wanted to hug it out. Poor girl just learned that her boyfriend was cheating. I was so sad! I hadn't even brought her any flowers!

Janet hugged me back and soon she was crying into my sweatshirt. We didn't say anything else, but when she was done, I pulled a package of travel tissues out of my jacket pocket and gave them to her.

This was why SOS had to go on. We were saving lives.

"We can't just accuse her," Kira said as she typed on her laptop. I was standing behind her as she sat at the counter of the Coffee Break. I decided that with all of our hard work I deserved a latte. Just so happened that Kira was here trying to IM some of the guys from school under a fake name-Kara Reynerd. She was starting with Rhett.

She felt fairly confident that she could IM some information out of the football team. Also, I think she really liked to do IM seduction.

"But Chloe is-" I tried to continue.

"Tessa." Kira turned around to look at me. "This is bordering on obsession. Chloe has done nothing since the horrible-and I agree it was horrible-incident. I mean, yes, she was in your boyfriend's bedroom, attacked you, and hit you in the head with an alarm clock-requiring stitches. But you really need to let it go."

I clenched my fists at the side of my crutches. If there was one phrase I was sick of hearing, it was "let it go."

Kira glanced down at my fists and then scanned my leg where my cast was hidden under my track pants. She was thinking about Joel's note again. I lowered my eyes.

She then turned in her seat and started clicking on her keyboard. When the barista called out my drink order, I was grateful for the temporary distraction. I crutched up to the counter to pick up the frothy vanilla goodness. Somehow a warm drink and the scent of coffee made me feel better. Safe.

I glanced over to Kira and watched her pause to peek at her phone. Then she texted something quickly and set it back down. I wondered who she was communicating with, but then I decided it wasn't my business. I'd let Kira have her space. Even if mine was feeling a little empty. I cupped my drink in my hand and was about to walk out when Kira called my name, waving me over.

"You got something?" I asked. She grinned and turned her laptop so I could see her illuminated screen.

LOVELYLADY: Yes, I totally think you're hot. So what are you doing tonight?

BBOY: Party 2nite at Rick's

"A party?" I smiled at her, enjoying the feeling of a plan coming together.

"Yep. And you know that there are two things that go on at parties. Hooking up and gossiping. Chances are if we listen in, one of the players will get drunk and spew out some names. Among other things."

"Ew." Wait. "How are we going to get in? There's no way Rick will let us. Remember last February when we caught him with Marilyn Magee? I haven't gone back to that theater since."

"Don't remind me. I can't even look at my James Bond poster." She wrinkled her nose. "They weren't even in the back row!"

"Lickety-split! I've got it!" I snapped my fingers, adrenaline rushing through me. "Disguises! We can totally sneak into the party."

"Brilliant!"

"I know!"

"Can I dress as a kitty cat? Maybe you can be a devil, or an angel or something."

I stared at her. "Um ... not those sort of disguises."

She looked disappointed. "Oh."

"There's no way we can all sneak in, I mean, we're sort of noticeable."

"Especially since my boobs have grown a size. Have you noticed?" She cupped them. "They're huge."

I hadn't noticed, but they were impressive. "Right. I think it should be Leona. She's really great at not attracting attention-a total undercover expert.

"Whatever." Kira started typing again.

This could work. If Leona could get into that party, she could infiltrate the enemy, listen in on their conversations. Surely the Smitten Kittens would be a hot topic. And with booze flowing and girls all around, the guys are going to brag. And they'll let out their secrets.

Hah! We totally had them kitty-cornered.

In my pocket, my cell phone vibrated. "Hold on a sec," I said, slipping it out and turning away from Kira. It was a private call, and I debated letting it go to voice mail in case it was another heavy breather, or a dissatisfied customer. But I felt a little braver now. So I put the phone to my ear.

"Hello?"

"You answered."

My breath caught in my chest. I should hang up. I should definitely hang up on Aiden.

"Let me just talk for a minute," he said as if reading my thoughts. "I promise I won't bother you again." He paused with a chuckle. "Okay, that's probably not true, but I won't bother you anymore today."

My mouth twitched. The fact that I hadn't heard from him since my ankle-breaking accident had perturbed me. I was mildly curious as to what he wanted. "Continue."

He exhaled heavily. "Thank you. Here's the thing, Tess. I can tell you a million times how sorry I am, and I know it doesn't change a thing. So I'm using a new strategy."

"Strategy? This isn't a chess game, Aiden."

"Ooh ..." I heard Kira say from behind me. "It's Mr. Not So Wonderful." I looked over my shoulder at her and nodded.

"That didn't come out right," Aiden said as if he were mad at himself.

"No, it certainly didn't." If Aiden was calling to play some sort of a game with me, I wasn't in the mood. I shouldn't even be talking with him. I was trying to make a clean break-and I wasn't talking about my ankle.

"It's just that after I saw you in the hospital-"

"And why were you there?" If he were oh, so concerned, then why hadn't he called me after? Why did he just disappear?

"Because I was worried. Blaze Harmon called and told me he put you in the hospital. I wanted to f**king kill him, but first I had to make sure you were okay. I called Leona, and she told me what had gone down in the field house. Which, by the way, was really stupid, Tessa. You should have known better."

"You talked to Leona?" I couldn't believe she hadn't told me! Why would she keep that from me?

"Yeah, baby. And then I got to the hospital, and you were so hurt and helpless in that bed. I would have stayed, but when your parents got there, I went to find Blaze."

I gasped. "Did you hit him?"

"Naw. He was already gone. But I've made some calls."

Well, I guess that'd explain some of Blaze's anger. I looked over to see Kira staring at me intently, her blue eyes curious. I wondered what she was thinking.

"And then I decided, Tess. I can't just give up on you. Yes, I f**ked up. But don't you think it kills me? Don't you think I'm hurting, too? God, baby. All I care about is you. Protecting you, making you happy. All I want is to make you happy again."

"It's too late for that."

"I'll prove I'm worth it, Tess. I'll-"

I closed my eyes, a tingling spreading from my face down the front of my chest, my nose burning with the start of tears. "Stop," I whispered. "I have to go."

"But our anniversary-"

I hung up, dropping my phone to my side. Our anniversary. I couldn't believe I'd forgotten. Next Saturday would have been our three-year anniversary. Oh, my heavens. I might melt into tears right now.

I felt a hand on my shoulder and opened my eyes to see Kira. She seemed uncomfortable being this close, but she tried to smile anyway. "Letting go is the hardest part," she said. "But it's the most important."

I nodded as if I agreed, but I didn't. For a long time, Aiden had made me happy. If I hadn't screwed up by believing Christian's lies about him, maybe Aiden wouldn't have slept with Mary Rudick. Mary Rudick. I wasn't sure I could ever get over them being together. Him (sort of) cheating on me. I was a SOS operative, and my (sort of) boyfriend had been sneaking around behind my back. It was irony at its worst. And I knew Kira was right. But still ...

I had no idea how to let go of Aiden.

TO DO LIST

1. Yoga

2. Nail appointment

3. Buy a black Lycra kitten-suit and cut out room for cast

4. Place order for a new GPS-tracking device

5. Help Leona pick out an awesomely covert disguise

6. Practice routine-with crutches

7. Call Joel to set up a dinner date heart heart

8. Shower and get dressed in new kitten-suit for mission

9. Make cookies before the squad gets here-oatmeal chocolate chip

10. Get to the party at ten

11. Totally kick traitor tush!!!

Chapter 11

Leona turned to one side and then the other as she looked in my bedroom mirror. "Is it on straight?" she asked.

I smiled. "Yep. And you look spectacular."

"You think?"

"Definitely." But something was bothering me. "Leona?" I asked as she tucked her hair under a wig. "Why didn't you tell me that Aiden called you the night I went to the hospitial?"

She paused and then flicked her eyes up to meet mine in her reflection. "I guess I figured you'd want him there but would never admit to it. So when he called ... I made the suggestion that he stop by to check on you."

I furrowed my brow, unsure how I felt about that. I mean, he was my ex so I was free to ignore him if I wanted. Still-

Before I could think about it any further, my doorbell rang. The girls were here! A surge of pre-investigation excitement surged through me. "Be right back," I said and crutched out of my pink room toward the front door. I'd gotten a supercute black one-piece jersey suit, but I had to cut off the right pant leg so it'd fit over my cast. It sort of ruined the look, but I went for it anyway. Black was such a tough color to pull off with white plaster.

When I answered, Kira and Izzie were there. Kira looked fabulous as usual, her blond curls pulled back in a tight ponytail, her black spandex skirt tight.

Izzie, on the other hand, looked awful. Her red hair was tucked up under a black trucker cap, pieces hanging down haphazardly. "Hi," I said cautiously and then shot a glance at Kira. She seemed to realize that something was off, too. She raised an eyebrow questioningly.

I was just about to invite them in when Kira gasped, pointing behind me. "No way!" she called. "You're joking, right?" I glanced over my shoulder into the living room.

Leona was standing next to the maroon sofa in what appeared to be a very masculine stance. Her legs were spread wide and her arms were crossed. She had a black mustache adhered to her upper lip, and the self tanner we'd applied tinted her skin just olive enough to change her look. Her hair was pulled under a dark shaggy wig, and her normally perky B cups were hidden under an oversized flannel.

"A guy?" Kira asked. "The brilliant disguise you two came up with was for Leona to be a guy? You really think that'll fool anyone?"

"I'm wearing Axe body spray," Leona said. "A lot of it. I plan for them to be so overwhelmed by my smell, they'll look past my petite hands. And this better work! I had to take off all of my polish and cut my nails short for this."

"It'll work," I said, a proud smile on my face. I had to admit, Leona was sort of a hot guy. Not really my type-my type was six two and athletic-but she could definitely get a date.

"You're really handsome," Izzie murmured from the doorway.

"Thanks, babe," Leona said in her best guy voice. Izzie giggled.

"Oh, come on!" Kira threw her hands up in the air.

Leona sauntered over, doing her best macho-guy walk. "Hey, blondie," she said, tilting her head. "By the end of the night, you're going to be all over me."

"Gross!"

We all started laughing, and my phone vibrated on the granite of my kitchen counter. I reached over to grab it but cringed when I saw it was Joel. I'd forgotten to call him earlier, and I certainly couldn't answer with Kira here. I felt her look at me, so I just hit "ignore" and reached over to grab the nearest plate.

I turned back to the squad, holding it out. "Cookie?"

Kira drove as we headed toward Rick Sanchez's house in the Richmond District. It was a small, cute house, which wasn't great for parties (I'd been to a few there before with Aiden). But Rick had a massive backyard with a fire pit that was perfect for an undercover operation. Not much light.

"Park a few blocks away," I said when we turned onto Cooper Street. "We don't want anyone recognizing the car."

"Good idea," Kira answered and glided to the curb. Only she bumped it hard, and we all fell to the side.

"Ow," Izzie said as her forehead smacked the passenger window. "Damn it, Kira!"

We all turned to stare at her. She looked back at us, irritation all over her face as she rubbed at her forehead. Then as if she'd just realized what she'd said, she apologized.

"Jeez, take a pill, Iz. I got us here alive, didn't I?"

"I'm sorry," she said again, shaking her head. "I'm just not feeling well."

"Are we ready?" Leona asked, interrupting and sounding nervous. Making a mental note to check on Izzie later, I nodded.

"Think so."

"Wait," Kira said. "Come here." Leona leaned forward between the seats, and Kira reached out to smooth down Leona's mustache with her red-tipped fingers. "There. If you're going to be a guy, you'll want to make sure your facial hair is well-groomed and not, you know, falling off your face."

"Thanks, babe," Leona said in deep-toned male voice. Kira stared at her and then smiled.

"You know," she whispered. "You're actually kind of turning me on right now."

"Told you!" Leona eyes lit up. "You're so predictable Kira."

"Oh, shut up," Kira said, turning around in the seat. "I was only kidding."

I wasn't sure that was true, but at least, it would give Leona some confidence before going into the party. Smart thinking on Kira's part.

"Izzie," I said, reaching out to put my hand on her shoulder. "Did you bring the listening device?"

She fumbled through her backpack before taking out the small red box and opening it. I plucked out the device and pulled off the adhesive backing.

"Where do you want it?" I asked Leona.

She looked over her blue flannel for a second and then took the device from my hand, sticking it inside her front pocket. "Check the feed," she said to Kira.

Kira slipped the earbud in and held her finger against it. We were all silent for a few seconds until she gave us the thumbs-up.

"Strawberry smoothie," I said. "Now." I turned to Leona. "You're name is ..."

"Rocco Roberto from East Washington. I'm here because I'm thinking of transferring." She exhaled. "But no one will get a chance to ask me. I plan on sticking to the shadows and staying under the radar. Now," she held out her hand, "let me have the phone."

Izzie passed back the camera phone, and Leona clicked it on and tested it. "It'll be tough to get clear footage with it being so dark, but the fire should provide some sort of light. I'll stream what I can get though."

My heart was racing. Even though finding the culprit would help the healing process for the squad, I was terrified that Leona would get caught. Queen of the Nile! People hated us a ton already. What would Blaze do if he caught us spying again? It might turn into a flipping stake burning.

I gulped.

"It's going to be okay, Tess," Leona said quietly, patting my leg. It was a little odd with her being dressed as a guy. It felt sort of tingly.

"I hope you're right."

"This is supersweet and all," Kira said, "but we need to move out. Time is of the essence."

"Wow." I widened my eyes. "You got that saying right!"

"Obvi."

"On that note ..." Leona opened the back door and slid out onto the darkened street, having us check her over one last time to make sure everything was taped down and masculine. Then she started strolling down the sidewalk toward Rick's house.

"This better work," Kira murmured as we watched her. Her strut was a bit over the top as her boots clopped on the pavement, but overall, I'd say she was passing inspection.

A few tense moments passed when she disappeared around the corner and Kira held her finger to her ear. After another second, she looked up at me and smiled. "She's in."

I began to chew on my lip as I waited for an update. Had I just sent my friend to the slaughter? What if they spotted her as a fake the minute she stomped in? "She's streaming video," Kira said, motioning for me to get out my phone.

I quickly signed into our SOS account and sat back as Izzie leaned over to see. At first, the image on the small screen was grainy and at about crotch height. Leona must have been holding the phone at her side.

"There's Blaze Harmon," I said. "I'd recognize that belt buckle anywhere." It was silver and said, "Badass Mother F"-well, it said a bad word. Not easy to miss.

"Score." Kira laughed. "Leona just got hit on by Cecelia Penn!"

"Really?"

Kira's smile was wide when she turned to me. "She asked if Leona wanted to"-she made finger quotes-"'go someplace more private.' But in her defense, she's sounds pretty tipsy."

"Told you it would work."

Izzie reached up and pulled off her hat, letting her hair fall raggedly around her face. "Maybe I need a disguise," she said.

"Nonsense. You're beautiful, Iz. Remember to keep that positive attitude." But I could tell by her blank expression that she wasn't really listening.

"Pom-pom's up," Kira warned. "Blaze just said something to Leona." I raised the volume on the phone and watched as the belt buckle came closer.

"Hey," he said, his voice tough.

"Hey," Leona replied, her guy accent thick. Kira giggled.

"Do I know you?"

Uh-oh. My stomach took a swift left turn. I hope she didn't get beat up. Leona had great high kicks, but Blaze was pretty beefy. I was terrified for her.

"No, man," Leona said. "I'm here with my cousin."

Cousin? Me and Kira looked at each other. That wasn't in the script!

"Cool," Blaze said, distracted by someone offscreen as he waved to whoever it was. The party behind him seemed to be in full motion, and the bonfire was illuminating it all.

Leona shifted from foot to foot, making Blaze's belt sway in front of the screen. She must have been nervous.

"I'm getting seasick," Izzie whispered and rubbed at her eyes.

"You hear about the Smitten Kittens?" someone off camera asked.

We suddenly perked up and stared at the screen. The voice was too far away to recognize, and I couldn't see who it was because only his khaki-covered thighs were visible. He was holding a bottle of beer low, occasionally lifting it to, I assumed, take a sip.

Hm. There was something familiar about those quadriceps.

"Aiden's there?" Kira was leaning between the seats, her head just above Izzie's as she glanced down at the screen.

"What?" My heart skipped a beat. I studied the way the person moved, the way he put his hand on his hip so casually. "Mamma mia, K! You're right!"

"Aiden's muscles are hard to miss." She grinned and moved back into the front seat. "Looks like your hero arrived after all."

What the heck was Aiden doing there? I thought he wanted to punch Blaze. Wait! Was he there to fight?

"Hey!" Blaze said to him, reaching out to slap his hand. "Didn't know you were in town, player." He stepped back. "Oh, shit. Sorry I didn't ring you back. What's up?"

"Just hangin'," Aiden replied. "Heard you guys couldn't keep your cheerleaders in line."

My stomach did a tuck and roll, and I felt Izzie's eyes flick up to mine, but I was frozen. In line? Was Aiden just ... talking smack about us?

Blaze laughed. "Dude, don't you still mess around with Tessa Crimson?"

"Naw. Ended a while ago. She was a liar."

I heard Kira shift uncomfortably in the front seat. I, on the other hand, was unmovable. I was listening to Aiden unedited. I was getting a glimspe into who Aiden really was, and right now, he was discussing us as if we were never a big deal. Was this how he really felt? I felt my heart break.

"Too bad," Blaze said. "She's f**king hot."

Aiden lifted his beer for a long minute. When he brought his arm back down, Leona seemed to move away from them. Don't leave now!

"Yeah," Aiden finally said. "She's a good-looking girl. Heard from Darrell that you caught her in the locker room. Did you do something to hurt her?" Aiden's hand shifted on the bottle, wrapping around it like it was a club. I stopped breathing.

Blaze bent over, laughing. His black hair filled Leona's lens for second, then he straightened. "No, man. Never touched her. They were sneaking around, and she fell doing some stupid shit. But I wouldn't mind getting my hands on her." He paused. "No disrespect, dude."

"None taken." Aiden stetched over to set the bottle in a cardboard box next to the keg. "Just wanted to make sure there wasn't a problem."

"It's all cool." Now Blaze was acting nervous, putting his hands up. "I'm really sorry she broke her leg. I didn't mean for-"

"It was her ankle," Leona interrupted in her man voice. Both Aiden and Blaze's bodies turned toward her. The camera phone started shaking.

"Oh, no! Leona!" I called out. "Aiden will totally recognize her. Abort mission!"

Immediately Kira pulled out her phone and began punching in excape codes to inform Leona to exit. But nothing was happening.

"Right," Aiden said, stepping toward Leona. "It was her ankle. Thanks... . What's your name?" There was a hint of amusement in his voice.

"Walter."

Kira snapped her head back to look at me. "Walter?"

"She's supposed to be Rocco!" Leona was totally losing her disguise.

"My grandfather's name is Walter!" Kira groaned and covered her eyes as she leaned back into the seat. "This is a disaster."

"So how do you know our cheerleaders, Walter?" Aiden asked. Dang, I wish I could see his face! I couldn't tell if he recognized her.

"Uh ..."

"Hey," Blaze thankfully interrupted. "Rhett is flagging me down over there. Wanna come say what's up to the team?"

"I'll be over in a bit," Aiden said, lifting his drink again.

"Cool, man. I'll check you later." They slapped palms, and when Blaze was close, he spoke quietly. "And, hey, I wouldn't mess with your girl. I was just joking about putting my hands on Tessa."

"Yeah. You'd better be," Aiden whispered back calmly.

They split uncomfortably, Blaze adjusting his vulgar belt. I was feeling pretty darn good. Aiden just totally threatened him in his smooth, polite way. I was ... sort of turned on.

When Blaze's backside was out of sight, Aiden's body turned toward Leona. Sigh. His thighs really did look nice.

"Now," he said, sounding a little annoyed. "Where's Tessa?"

"Excuse me?" Only Leona's maleness had worn off as her tone took on the high pitched squeak of a cheerleader that had just gotten busted. And then, the feed cut out.

SOS Inter-Kitten Communication

Dear Smitten Kittens,

Our suspension ends on Monday, and we were thinking of how to reenter the student population with a positive attitude. Yes, I know most of the boys are angry with us, but that does not mean we have to lose our spirit!

So during this time of crisis, I ask that we wear our uniforms daily to support the squad. Extra uniforms are available for those who need them.

We're going to get through this, girls. All we need is the right sort of pep!

Go, Smitten Kittens!!!!

Keep smiling,

Tessa

Chapter 12

We all sat there holding our breath. Had anyone heard Leona? Was she totally busted and in need of reinforcements? I tried her cell, but she didn't answer.

Guns n' Roses! We needed to save her!

A loud knock on my window startled me, and I screamed out. Izzie tried to duck under the dashboard, and Kira slid down in the seat. It was our natural undercover reflexes.

The door opened, and Leona's flannel came into view. "Holy cannoli, Leona! I was so worried. I thought we'd have to-"

I stopped dead. Right behind her was a very nice pair of thighs. "Tessa," he called. "May I speak with you for a second?" His voice sounded scoldy. I didn't like getting scolded.

I nearly refused, but at the same time, I wanted to know what Aiden was doing here. He should have been at college.

Gathering my crutches from the floor, I scooted over, careful to keep my booted cast from bumping against the seat. When I swung my legs out, Leona helped set up the crutches, and I climbed out.

Her mustache was gone. She looked at me and shrugged. "I didn't do too well," she said, looking disappointed.

"You did great. No negative talk." I smiled reassuringly. I mean, yes. We didn't get the info we needed, but at the same time, Aiden was here. Maybe he knew something.

Leona looked over her shoulder at Aiden. He was looking down the street as if he weren't paying attention, but he had a satisfied little smirk on his face.

"I'll wait in the car," Leona mumbled before moving behind me to get in the backseat. When she slammed the door, Aiden finally looked over at me. My heart fluttered.

"I see the crutches haven't stopped SOS," he said.

"We've decided that our job is important, Aiden. But tonight, we're here on a different mission. We're trying to find a tattletale."

He laughed. "Ironic that the same girls that have been ..."-he paused-"tattle tailing for the last three years would now want to find the person that spied on them."

"It may be a little ironic." I adjusted my weight on my crutches. "But it doesn't mean that we shouldn't investigate."

Aiden was quiet, and I began to feel the awkwardness. I wanted to look at him, but I fought it.

"How's the ankle?" he asked, motioning toward it.

"Getting better. The girls made it sparkly so it didn't look so tragic."

He laughed and looked down at it, but when he did, his face changed. He tilted his head, reading it and then glanced up, his green eyes wide. I didn't understand at first, but then I remembered. Joel's note.

Aiden looked away, taking in a jagged breath. After a quiet second, he turned back to me, his jaw tight. "Well, I'm glad to know you're up and hobbling around."

He was hurt. "It's not ..." But I stopped. Not what he thinks? It sort of was. And besides, I didn't have to explain anything to him. At least, I wasn't sleeping with the ex-captain of my cheer squad. Ew.

Aiden nodded, acknowledging that I didn't have to finish my sentence. Then he took a step closer to me, making me feel off balance. I could smell him, his familiar scent.

"What are you doing here?" I asked him, my own breathing quickened.

"I was worried about you." His mouth twitched with a smile. "And I sort of figured you'd be out spying, getting yourself in more trouble. Leona could have gotten hurt in there."

I didn't need Aiden's protection. "SOS is perfectly capable of handling our own business. If anything happened, we would have-"

"What? Hobbled in to get her? You need help, Tess. Eventually you'll have to admit that." Aiden's green eyes seemed to look right into me, sparkling under the street light in that devious way that I'd always loved.

"And I'm sure you're volunteering for the job."

"Of course, baby." He grinned.

When he called me baby, a chill ran over me. But not the good kind. It made me think of all the other times he'd called me baby. The times when he was secretly seeing Mary Rudick but still pretending to love me.

"I'm not interested." My tone turned icy. "Is there anything else, Aiden? Because we have to analyze the data and-"

"Tess-"

"-and come up with our list of suspects. It's a very busy and important time in the investigation. There's not time for distractions-"

"Am I distracting you?" I looked up to see him smiling at me.

I paused. "Yes." With his tan skin, piercing eyes, and blond hair; Aiden was highly distracting.

"Can I drive you home?"

His question caught me off guard. I went to move back and bumped into the car. "Oh. No. No, thank you."

"I'd like to, Tessa. I'd like to take you home."

I closed my eyes. It was such a simple thing, and yet it broke and fixed my heart all at once. It'd been a really long time since I'd been alone with him. It just seemed like a really bad idea.

"I promise I'll behave."

There was the sound of an electronic window rolling down. "Pardon me, Tessa," Kira called, the hint of a laugh in her voice. I turned. "We really have to go. Izzie has a twelve o'clock curfew tonight." In the background Izzie nodded.

I looked at Aiden. "I have to go."

He exhaled, as if he were about to say something he didn't want to. "I have information for you. I really think you're going to want to hear what I have to say."

"Information?" Had Aiden heard something or was he just trying to get me to ride home with him?

"Just go with him," Kira said. She was smiling. "Aiden doesn't bite. Right, Aiden?"

"Not usually."

"See." She had a twinkle in her eye that told me she was enjoying my little reunion. "Besides," she added, "maybe he does know something." I could tell that she didn't believe that.

I considered my options for a second, wondering what I should do. Even if Aiden could help, should I accept it? And what about Joel? I was so torn!

But when I looked at Aiden, he didn't seem to gloat over my indecision. No. His face was cautious. Patient.

I decided that if I was ever going to be okay, I needed to face my fears. And my biggest one right now was being alone with Aiden.

Turning back to the car, I ducked my head. "We'll meet tomorrow?" I asked the girls. Already, my pulse was speeding up, scared of what would happen when Kira's car pulled away.

"Sounds good," Leona said from the backseat, waving me off. Poor thing. She was so distraught over getting busted by Aiden. Not good for her self-esteem.

"Or just call us when you get up. In case you need to sleep in." Kira raised her eyebrow at me. I frowned at her.

"Bye, Aiden," Izzie said. He waved to her.

I watched nervously as Kira rolled up her window and drove her car into the street. I stood with my back to Aiden, totally regretting this decision.

I was all alone with my ex-boyfriend. Great Gatsby! This was a bad idea.

Everything about Aiden's car was the same. The smell. The pile of uniforms and workout clothes scattered across the backseat. It made me feel homesick-that longing for another place. Another time. I cleared my throat and busied myself by scrolling through my phone.

"Been a while since I got to drive you anywhere," he said after he got in. I looked over at him, and we sat there awkwardly until he started the car.

"So you said you had information?" I asked as we drove through the dark Redmond streets. There were no streetlights through the hills, something about people not wanting to disturb nature. The blackness outside the windows made Aiden and I feel even more alone together. I gulped.

"Right," he said, almost disappointed. I wondered if he thought I had a different reason for getting in his car. "Well, Darrell called me the other day, wanted to talk about you. He said he sent you a pissed off e-mail."

"He did." I hadn't told Kira about that. I thought it might hurt her feelings. She'd been very attracted to Darrell for several months until he had cheated on her last year.

"Well, first I told him I was going to beat his ass."

I smiled and looked over at him. He was staring ahead, navigating the winding road. It was sort of cute that he threatened physical violence against anyone who crossed me. Not that I condoned it.

"Then I made him tell me everything he knew."

I straightened my posture. "He knew who told on us?"

"No," Aiden sighed. "But whoever it was told Blaze during class, passed him a note or something. At least, that's what Darrell heard. So start by checking his schedule."

"This is good. Thanks."

Aiden grinned. "No problem, baby."

Baby. I blinked a few times and turned away. I didn't want him to call me that. I couldn't handle hearing that. My eyes began to water.

"Tessa?"

"Stop." I needed him to stop talking. I was afraid of what would come next.

"I know I promised to behave, but I have to say some things. I miss you. I can't stand my life without you." It all came out in one breathless second, like he'd been waiting a long time to say it. "And then seeing his name on your cast ... I just can't stand it, Tess. I want to f**king kill him."

I put my hand over my eyes and rested my elbow on the door. I should have realized that whatever information Aiden had came with a price.

"We can work this out," he whispered. "I know we can."

I sniffled and looked over at him. "No, Aiden," I said, feeling exhausted. Worn out. "We can't. You slept with Mary. You hid it from me. You were supposed to love me."

"I do! I love you more than anything!"

"Then how could you sleep with her? How could you sneak around with her and then still be with me?" I shook my head, tears starting to fall from my eyes. "How could you do that to me? I was waiting for you!"

"I was stupid! What the f**k else can I say? I made a mistake, Tessa. Why can't you forgive me?" Aiden face was scrunched up as he looked between me and the road. It was obvious that he was in pain, but this was too hard. There was too much baggage. "You know, I've forgiven everything you've done. Why won't you do the same for me?"

"It's not the same," I said, wiping under my eyes. "You betrayed me. And right now, all we're doing is hurting each other."

"I'll never hurt you again. Please, just-"

"I don't forgive you!"

My words came out so suddenly, so angrily, that Aiden gasped, and I felt my body go limp with the admission. It was such a horrible thing to say!

Just then we came out of the hills into the lit streets of my neighborhood. I watched Aiden silently stare ahead from behind the steering wheel, tears leaking down his cheeks, his lips pressed tight together.

And I wanted to take back the words. I didn't want to hurt Aiden. It killed me to make him feel this awful. But I turned away and let my last statement hang. This was better. If he stopped calling, stopped trying, maybe my pain would go away. Maybe.

Aiden turned sharply into my driveway, and the tires actually squealed when he stopped. My seat belt locked and yanked me back into my seat.

"Sorry," he said quietly, staring down in his lap.

I watched him, my heart beating a little faster from our sudden stop. My heart aching for the pain he was going through. His knuckles were white from his grip on the steering wheel, the muscles of his forearms defined and flexed.

Looking at him, I could see everything I'd loved. I could see my past. And with that, I opened the passenger door. Aiden waited patiently as I reached in and got my crutches, even if he didn't get out to help. It was better that he didn't.

When I'd gotten all of my stuff, I paused just outside the door. "Good-bye, Aiden." He opened his mouth but didn't answer. So I shut the door and watched as he backed out of my driveway. He paused so long before turning down the street, I thought maybe he'd rethought leaving and was going to come back. But eventually, he pulled out and his taillights were down the street.

What a strange night. We'd failed our mission, and I'd just done what I promised myself I wouldn't: talk to Aiden. And now that he was gone, my breathing was quickening, my chest starting to tingle with an unrealized anxiety. I missed him.

I couldn't handle this roller coaster of love! I needed to pull myself together and move on. In fact, I was going to call Joel right now and schedule dinner. I needed a normal guy in my life. A guy without baggage. A guy who respected and loved me.

I reached into my pocket to grab my phone. Wait. Where was my phone? I balanced on my crutches as I checked all of my pockets, but nothing. I know I'd had it in Kira's car. And I'd checked it once while I was with Aiden-

Siegfried and Roy! I'd left my phone in Aiden's car. I exhaled and slowly turned to crutch my way into my house.

Joel,

I stopped by your house this morning because I lost my phone last night. Long story. I'd love to go out to dinner with you. I'm home all day, so call the house!

Tessa

From: Kira Reynolds

"You're not completely off the hook," I said, taking a bite. "I will expect ice cream afterward." Being with Joel was so easy. He made me feel lighter, simpler. I didn't have to act or put on a brave face. I didn't have to do anything but just be me.

"Ice cream? How long of a date do you think this will be?" He grinned, and I felt a surge of attraction for him. He was flawed and perfect at the same time. "By the way," he asked, picking up his slice, "what happened to your phone?"

My breath caught. I had no reason to lie, and yet I didn't like how this would sound. I lowered my eyes. "I, um. I forgot it in Aiden's car."

Silence.

When I finally looked up, Joel was chewing, seemingly unfazed by my comment. He took a sip of soda.

"He gave me a ride home. It was nothing." Somehow my lackluster explanation made me sound guiltier.

"Didn't know he was in town last night." He took another bite, his eyes studying the side of his red cup.

"He's been around since everything happened with the football team. He was sort of looking out for me. I mean us." Gosh, I was really bad at this.

"Ah, of course, he was. I've seen him at school this week, too. Don't think he likes me very much." He smiled, looking up to meet my eyes. His hazel stare was calm, collected.

"No. No, I don't think he does." Hm ... I didn't know that Aiden had been at school. It seemed odd that he'd been missing so much course work lately. I wondered if everything was all right at college.

"Team seemed happy to see him though. The great legend coming back to grace us with his presence."

Joel started to look slightly annoyed, and I set my pizza back down on my white, paper plate. "Hey. I'm really sorry. I know things have gotten pretty skewed since Blaze outed SOS. I hope they haven't been giving you a hard time."

"What? Like shoulder bumping me into the locker because I'm still hanging out with you? Psht. It's nothing."

I winced. "I'm so, so sorry."

He shrugged. "Just between us, I'll pick the cute cheerleader over the dickhead jock any day." He paused. "Speaking of, did you want to talk about your secret-agent double life? I have to admit, I'm mildly curious."

To be honest, I didn't entirely feel like discussing it, but I knew it might be difficult for Joel to understand. "If you feel like you need to talk about it."

His hazel eyes flicked up to mine. "I think I do."

I nodded. To the average viewer, we probably didn't make sense. But this was my chance to explain how great an organization we were. "Basically the Smitten Kittens run a secret society that investigates cheating boyfriends."

"Wow. Interesting concept."

"Thanks!" See! He totally got it.

"Unethical, too."

Oh. Maybe not. "We were doing it for the right reasons, Joel. We were trying to help those unlucky in love. The wronged. The-"

"Yeah, but how exactly did you investigate?" He pulled his eyebrows together as if he couldn't wrap his brain around it. I had a feeling that our tactics were the parts that the guys didn't appreciate. But at least, we got proof and never falsely accused! Shouldn't that count for something?

"What are you thinking about over there, Tiny Crimson? Your nose is all scrunched up and you look worried."

"I don't want you to be angry with me."

He laughed and reached across the table to take my hand. I sort of wanted to pull away, but not because I didn't like him. Because my hands were greasy from the pizza. It felt sort of gross.

"If I didn't get angry about the fact that you're losing things in your ex-boyfriend's car, I won't get angry about this." But the fact that he'd brought it up told me that he was a little perturbed by my platonic late-night rendezvous with Aiden.

"Maybe we should go get that ice cream now," I said, ready to get up.

"Tess, I just want to understand."

I took a deep breath, afraid of his reaction. "Fine. We would break into people's bedrooms, hack their computers, bug their phones."

Joel stared at me calmly. I was so relieved! "I'm so glad you're not freaking out."

His eyes widened. "Wait. You weren't joking just then? Holy shit, Tessa. Did you really do that stuff?"

Oops. "I did. We did."

"Kira, too?"

I glanced down when he said her name. Why was he asking about Kira? Why did that make me a little jealous? "Yes."

"This is pretty intense."

"Sorry."

Joel let go of my hand and brought his hands together as he rested his elbows on the table. "I can't believe this. I can't believe how long you got away with it. I mean, I heard you were spying, but I didn't ... I didn't actually think you were spying. Maybe driving by someone's house to see whose car was there, or normal things like that. But this ... This is f**ked up, Tess. Maybe it was a good thing you got busted. Because now it's done." He stopped and looked sharply at me. "It is done, right?"

His jaw was tight, but at the same time, he seemed less agitated than I thought he would be. I mean, Aiden sort of flipped when he'd found out. He kicked me out of his house and made me walk home! Then again, I had been spying on him.

"Not really." I took a bite of my pizza with pineapple.

"What?"

I paused in my chewing. "What?"

"You said, 'Not really.' Do you mean you're still spying?"

"Oh. Um ... no. It's just ..." Frick and Frack! Where do I go from here?

"It's a simple question, Tessa. Does SOS still exist or not?"

I knew I'd regret this. "Not."

Joel watched me for a second, and I finished my bite and swallowed it self-consciously. I didn't want to lie, but I didn't want to ruin the night either. Things had already gotten murky when I brought up Aiden.

"I don't want to sound creepy and possessive right now," he said slowly. "But I really don't want you spying anymore."

"I understand." I took a sip from my soda and thought about that. To be honest, I didn't understand. SOS stood for truth, justice, and the Smitten Kitten way. What could be so bad about that? I mean, sure, we were guilty of breaking and entering, but weren't they guilty of cheating? That was way worse!

Joel exhaled. "It's just ..." He stopped and I looked up at him, alarmed by his change in tone. "I don't like to talk about it, but my parent's divorce was really messy. My mom caught my dad cheating, and she went nuts. And I mean completely nuts."

I nodded, not sure what this had to do with me. But I was glad he was sharing. It showed he trusted me. "What happened?"

He rolled his eyes. "My dad was having an affair with the girl at the front desk of the auto body shop. She was into cars; my mom wasn't. My dad's not a bad guy, not really. But he definitely screwed up. He's still seeing that girl. Judith." He laughed, shaking his head. I got the feeling that he didn't care much for Judith.

"And your mom?"

"See, that's the funny part. She caught him. Told everyone. And caused enough drama to get him fired from his job and kicked out of his poker group. She was relentless. And the day the divorce papers were signed, she told me she was getting engaged."

"What?"

"Some guy she'd met on match.com. She left my father with nothing, and it made her happy enough to move on. But I hated it. And they hate each other."

"Wow, Joel. I'm sorry. I had no idea."

"How could you? I've only told one other person. And I wouldn't bring it up now, but I guess after I heard what happened in the field house-what you were doing-I wanted to believe it wasn't that unethical. But it sort of is, Tess. Even if you didn't mean to, you've ruined people's lives."

Whoa. Hold the phone. "That is completely untrue."

"Is it?" He cocked his head to the side, not looking mad, just curious. But I was offended. Yes, our investigations ended up breaking apart couples, but how healthy were they to begin with? His judgment was unfair. I was suddenly not all that thrilled to be sitting here with him in Sid's Pizza. Even Aiden had been more understanding than this. And he made me walk!

Joel pushed his back against the booth and shook his head apologetically. "You know what? I'm sorry. You're right. I'm a complete ass**le, so please ignore me." He reached out to take my hand again. "Seriously, Tess. I didn't mean to be so rude. I don't know why I said that-maybe because of your ex-boyfriend. I'm an idiot."

He looked so apologetic, and I felt awful for putting him in such a sour mood. He was always totally sweet to me, and I was making him crazy. I squeezed his hand.

But before I could respond, the front door of Sid's Pizza jingled as it opened. Joel looked over his shoulder and Kira walked in, oblivious to us just a few feet away. My stomach backflipped to my spine, and I wished I didn't have crutches because I might run for it.

She turned to us, and her ruby lips parted in surprise as she saw our hands clasped together in the middle of the table. I quickly yanked mine away. I was pretty sure the Earth stopped rotating and the planets aligned. This was the Apocalypse.

It seemed like an eternity, but luckily, Sid came in from the back and walked to the counter. He was a large man, always dressed in a white apron, usually covered in sauce. "Can I help you?"

Kira looked away from us quickly, her uncomfortable posture obvious to me. Then she approached the counter, saying that she'd called in for pickup. Joel turned back around and bit again from his slice as if nothing were wrong. Even though Kira wasn't looking our way, I could tell by her stance that she was using her peripheral vision.

"You okay?" Joel asked.

I met his eyes. "Kira," I whispered.

He shrugged. "It's cool. I told her we were going out tonight."

I sunk down in the booth even though Kira had already seen us. "Why would you tell her that?"

"Because I'm friends with her."

This revelation sent a mixture of feelings through me that I didn't expect. I was a little jealous, but also a little relieved. It was considerate of Joel to still be friends with his ex-girlfriend. But at the same time, I knew how Kira felt about him. And me. This would never work out. Eventually, he'd have to choose.

I glanced up at Kira just as Sid handed her a pizza and a Styrofoam wing box. She turned and faced me, swallowing hard.

"Hi, Tessa," she said. Her face was unreadable. Without emotion. I wondered if she wanted to high kick me. I knew I'd want to kick a girl if I saw her with Aiden.

"Hi," I replied quietly.

"Hey," Joel said, nodding his chin to her. She smiled.

"Hey, yourself. I just saw your dad at the gas station. Judith was giving me those devil eyes again from the passenger seat. Thought her head was going to spin around this time." They both laughed; I felt like the third wheel. Kira knew his family better than I did.

Good gravy! It occurred to me-she was probably the "one other person" he'd told about his family. I was getting slightly dizzy.

"Definitely glad I'm at my mom's tonight," Joel said. "You wanna sit down for a sec?" He slid over in his seat, motioning to it. I felt my chest seize up. I didn't think I could survive anything that awkward!

"That's sweet, but I can't. I'm picking up a pizza for my mother. The Bachelor is on tonight." She held up the boxes.

"Woo hoo. Party at the Reynold's house."

She giggled, and I knew what was happening. Joel was being cute. Charming. I suddenly felt like I was intruding on their date.

I went to take a nervous sip from my soda, but instead, I knocked into my cup and had to move swiftly to catch it. I saved it, but some splashed out anyway. Quickly, I started to grab napkins to soak it up, but the movement drew attention from both of them. And probably made me look jealous. Kira sucked at her teeth and then returned a look to Joel.

"I gotta run. I'll see you around?" she asked.

"I'll talk to you tomorrow." He waved, and just as she opened the door, she looked over her shoulder at me.

"Night, Tessa." But she left before I could even form a response. I was completely shaken.

"I'm sorry."

I glanced up to see Joel watching me. I tried to smooth down my hair as if I weren't a frazzled mess. "For what?"

"That was uncomfortable. For all of us."

"You seemed fine."

"Why, Tessa Crimson?" He mock gasped. "Are you jealous? Should I go ask her for a ride home?" He grinned.

"You can be friends with whomever you want. It's just that I don't want there to be any animosity between the Smitten Kittens. I can't-"

"Kira's okay," he interrupted. "We've talked about remaining friends, and I've told her that you and I are friends, too. Unless ..."

He paused, waiting for me to finish the sentence. Only, I didn't know how. I didn't know what we were. I wasn't sure I was ready to decide. He laughed.

"I'll spare you the Jeopardy theme song that's running through my head right now. Save your answer. Now stop frowning and finish your pizza. I know the perfect place for ice cream."

"I wasn't frowning." I took a bite.

"Yes, you were," he whispered.

I laughed. Eating the rest of my pizza, I pushed aside all thoughts of Kira or Aiden. Truth was Joel didn't agree with what I'd done with SOS, but he was still here by my side. There was something special about that. I liked this simple existence with him.

It was a good place to be.

I need to see you. I'm not sure I can keep doing this. I hate myself. Meet me outside the 7-Eleven at midnight. I'll be wearing black.

Izzie

Chapter 14

It was fairly early Friday morning when Leona showed up at my front door. She looked positively frantic. Her bangs were pinned back haphazardly, and her clothes weren't ironed. Oh, no. This was obviously an emergency!

"What's wrong?" I demanded as I let her in. "Someone's hurt?"

"Tessa,"-she was shaking her head-"I'm not sure what to do. I was at Izzie's house last night to check up on her, and I found something." Leona dragged out a kitchen chair and flopped into it as I crutched my way across from her. She sounded freaked out.

"What did you find?"

"A note poking out of her backpack."

"You read it? That's a violation of her privacy, Leona." But I knew there was more to it. She wouldn't look so bad if there weren't.

Leona reached into her adorable patchwork purse and took out a crumpled-up piece of notebook paper, handing it to me. "Read it."

I gulped, unfolding it slowly, and immediately my heart sunk. When I was done, I raised my gaze to hers. "Do you think ..."

"That we've been had by another Kitten? It's seems that way."

I dropped the paper on the white tablecloth, my mind swirling. "But Izzie ... I don't think she would do that. She's not vindictive."

"Maybe not. Maybe it was an accident? I mean, she's been a mess lately. And Chloe even said-"

"Wait. Chloe?"

Leona looked away. "Yeah, um, she came with me last night to check on Izzie. You were out with Joel, and Kira was with her mom, so I brought her along."

This was not a big deal. I shouldn't stress out about it, but I felt it coming on. For the second time in two days, the world was spinning. "I didn't know you two were friends."

Leona tsked. "Don't be like that, Tess. She's on the squad now. She's actually pretty funny if you get to know her."

It almost felt like a slap in the face, her talking about my archenemy this way. But at the same time, with so many battles to fight, I had to pick the right one. And currently Izzie was at the top of the list.

"Okay, and what did Chloe think?" I couldn't believe I was asking that.

"She said that Izzie was definitely sneaking around doing something that she shouldn't. That Izzie's erratic behavior coupled with her obviously guilt-filled note points to acute PTSOSD-Post Traumatic SOS Disorder. She thinks we should intervene immediately."

I sat there, staring back at her. "She said that?"

"Yes. She also said that she didn't think Izzie was the traitor, but that she wouldn't rule it out. She was going to collect evidence."

"She's a regular CSI investigator." I blinked quickly, looking out over my cluttered kitchen. I'd been so busy lately that I hadn't had time to wash the pots that had piled up in my sink. And now I felt completely wiped out. Chloe. Flipping Chloe.

"So what do you suggest we do about Izzie?" I asked, glancing back at Leona. "Or should I call your new BFF."

Leona narrowed her eyes. "You're being kind of bitchy, Tess."

I gasped. Well, that was uncalled for. Worse, I knew she was right. "Okay," I sighed. "I'm sorry." Picking up the note again, I scanned it quickly. "Guess we should talk to Izzie."

Leona nodded. "But how do we get her to spill the beans?"

I considered it, running my fingers through my hair. Then I stopped and smiled. "The best way to get anyone to talk. Makeover."

Leona and I waited at my kitchen table for Izzie to arrive. I'd called her earlier, begging her to let me give her split ends a hot-oil treatment. She only agreed when I promised cupcakes afterward. She was going to be devastated when she found out this wasn't a real makeover. And that I didn't have cupcakes.

We had all of the usual equipment out on the stripped-down tabletop. Oatmeal mixed with eggs, cucumber slices, hot-oil treatment sitting in water. There was even a boiling kettle of water on the stove.

"I'm nervous," Leona said, tapping her nails on the table. "What if she freaks out?"

"Then we'll make that chamomile tea I bought."

"Okay. Well if she's the traitor?"

Luckily, the doorbell rang, and I didn't have to answer. Instead, Leona and I exchanged a glance. When she didn't get up, I motioned toward my crutches.

"Oh, right. Sorry." She stood, taking a deep breath before walking over and opening the door. "Izzie!" Leona said it so upbeat that Izzie was immediately alarmed and looked past her toward me.

"What's wrong?" she asked, her eyes glassy.

Careful not to blow our cover, I smiled. "Nothing. We're just really super-duper happy to see you." That might have been a little too cheery. She glanced around suspiciously as she came inside.

Her red hair hung limp around her shoulders, all signs of her luxurious curls were gone. Just tangles and knots of dull strands. Under her green eyes were heavy bags, red rings. She'd been crying. My word. What had happened to her?

Half dazed, Izzie sat down at the kitchen table and began to pick at her unpolished nails. Leona widened her eyes at me from over Izzie's shoulder.

"Where's that tea?" she asked me immediately. I pointed to the white cabinet above the stove. As she went to get it, I looked across the table to Izzie.

"Isabel Edwards, are you okay?"

She looked up, somewhat stunned. No one called her Isabel except for her grandmother. I felt the moment called for some tenderness. She smiled sadly. "I don't think so, Tessa. I feel like I'm losing my mind." Her expression was so tortured that I felt goose bumps run up my arms. She had to be guilty. What other reason could Izzie have for being this unkempt?

"I know what it's like to feel confused," I whispered. "I've been there."

"No, you haven't. Not like this."

And I didn't doubt her. Even in my darkest moments, I never looked this down. This depressed. Izzie was going through something else entirely. I couldn't imagine what would bring her to the point of ruining SOS. But I was starting to feel like it was the only explanation.

When Leona came back to the table, she set a green mug in front of Izzie with a tea tag hanging over the side.

"I'm worried about you," Leona said as she sat down. "We all are."

Izzie sipped carefully, both hands wrapped around the ceramic. "Things are going to be okay," she murmured. "I have some things to deal with, and then I'll be okay."

"But what are you dealing with?" I asked, leaning over on the table. "Just tell us what you did, and we can help."

"I can't tell you. I ..." But Izzie's rigid body looked like it closed in on itself, and she quietly began to sob. It was like she liquefied right there.

Poor Izzie! Grabbing my crutches, I hopped over to her side of the table, Leona coming to stand at my side. When I got there, I stood behind Izzie and bent down and hugged her. She held my arms, continuing to cry.

"Whatever you've done, Iz. We still love you. We forgive you. You just have to tell us," I whispered into her shoulder. She didn't answer, but as her shaking tapered down, she released my arm.

I couldn't press her anymore today. She was far too fragile. I hated to admit it, but Chloe's diagnosis seemed spot on. This was a severe case of PTSOSD.

Maybe after a relaxing and self-esteem-building makeover, she'd be able to admit what she'd done. Then we could find out exactly what led to the outing of SOS.

As she sat with her shoulders hunched, I piled Izzie's hair into a loose bun and silently got out the beauty tools. I worked the hot oil slowly through her hair, massaging her scalp with my fingers. Without a word, Leona took Izzie's hand and began buffing her nails, getting them ready to polish.

About halfway through, Leona shot me a concerned gaze, but I didn't know how to respond. I was way out of my league. I finished up the conditioning treatment and then crutched over to the sink to wash my hands.

"We're going to take good care of you," I heard Leona whisper to her. "Tessa is great at clearing out pores, so your complexion will be glowing by tomorrow. This conditioner is going to bring back the gorgeous shine in your hair. And after this, I'm taking you to the mall to retrain you on how to accessorize. It's all going to be okay."

I didn't hear Izzie answer.

My house phone rang, and I went over to look at the caller ID. "It's Kira," I said, looking over at Leona. I hadn't spoken to her since I was out with Joel last night. And I wasn't sure I wanted to now.

"Let it go to voice mail." Leona rolled her eyes and went back to prepping Izzie's nails.

"No," Izzie said. "Answer it, Tess. I want you two to patch things up."

Aw! That was so sweet of Izzie. But it wasn't that easy. Not with the betrayals and backstabbing. Not with Joel still in the middle. But I also thought it was rude to send someone to voice mail.

"Hey," I said.

"I'm going to be honest," Kira started. "I know we shouldn't even discuss Joel because we're trying to keep up appearances for the squad. I just don't want there to be any weirdness at practice." She sounded emotionally exhausted.

Anxiety turned in my stomach. "I'm sorry about that. I really don't want any weirdness either. I didn't even know you two were still friends."

"We are. And I'm going to keep being friends with him. But ... let's not bump into each other like that again. Deal?"

"Deal."

"Now," she continued, sounding over it, "how's Izzie? Chloe told me she and Leona found some crazy note last night. Did she admit to ratting us out yet?"

"No," I said, looking over at Izzie and Leona. They were both looking down as Leona applied the Pink Champagne nail polish. "I think it's all going to be okay," I told Kira. "Smitten Kittens stick together."

"Like glue." She sighed. "Well, keep me updated, okay?"

"I will. And, K, I'm really sorry. About ... everything."

She paused a long time before clearing her throat. "Me, too," she said quickly before hanging up. I stood on my crutches for a moment, listening to the dial tone. Truth was I did feel bad. I just wasn't really sure how to make it better.

When I got back to the table, I checked Izzie's hair. "You can probably go wash this out now," I suggested, picking through her curls. "Do you need help?"

"No, I think I've got it," Izzie said quietly, scratching at her hair. "Thanks, though."

"Hurry up," Leona called as Izzie got up. "I need to do your other hand. It's desperately in need of color, and the fashion police will be here any minute."

I laughed, but Izzie was silent as she crossed the room, headed toward my bathroom. When she was gone, I sat down across from Leona. We stared at each other for a long moment until she dropped her head.

"What do you think?" I asked. "Did she turn us over to Blaze?"

Leona grabbed the bottle of pink nail polish and shook it. "I don't know. I'm not convinced. I mean, yes-she's acting way screwed up. But I feel like we're missing something."

"Me, too."

Leona got up, grabbing the Oreos out of the cabinet as I thought about what to do next. Izzie was clearly a wreck, and I was pretty sure we'd need to get her some professional help. I'd hoped the makeover would plug her back in to the outside world, but it seemed to do the opposite.

There was a clanking sound in the bathroom, like something had fallen out of the medicine cabinet and into the sink. I stood, grabbing my crutches. "She's been in there a while. I'll be right back."

"Not promising that these will still be here," she said, putting another cookie in her mouth.

I crutched along the wood floor toward the back of the house, pausing when I got to the bathroom door. I knocked. "Izzie?" She didn't answer so I called her name again. Nothing. My muscles began to tense as worry rushed through me. I tried the knob, but the door was locked. Oh, no!

"Leona!" I yelled.

Leona came running in from the kitchen, her eyes wide with fear. "What's

wrong?"

"She locked herself in there."

"Shit." Leona pounded on the door. "Izzie, open up!"

I let my crutches fall to the floor as I gripped the doorframe. What if she'd hurt herself? "Izzie," I called. "Please let us in." I should have gone with her to rinse out her hair. She had to be okay.

Suddenly, there was a clicking noise, and I looked down to the door handle turning. Thank heavens! For a split second, I'd thought that something terrible had happened. The relief I had now only confirmed that I needed to get Izzie help. I'd have to call her parents.

"Freaking hell," Leona murmured, stepping back as the door started to open. She exhaled heavily, obviously as scared as I was.

"Izzie," I called, waiting for her. "Don't do that again. I was so worried about-" I gasped.

She was standing there, a white towel wrapped around her shoulders and metal scissors in her hand. Her face was blotchy from crying. My stomach dropped.

"What have you done?" Leona murmured. Because Izzie's long, red curls had been snipped up to her chin.

From: Joel Fletcher

We watched in horror as Sam turned and kissed the girl on the nose, both giggling at each other. "He's moved on," I said, completely brokenhearted. "Do you think Izzie knows?"

"I hope not," Leona murmured, walking forward down the red-carpeted aisle. When she got closer to the stage, she whistled loudly, the sound echoing through the room.

Everyone turned to look, and after a minute, Sam recognized us. He slowly detangled himself from the blonde and then held up his finger to the group, telling them he'd be right back. Then he hopped off the stage and jogged over to us.

"Hey," he said, pushing his hands into his pockets. "What are you doing here? He looked behind us, his freckled nose was scrunched in worry. "Is Izzie with you?"

"No," Leona said, putting her hand on her jean-covered hip. "She's currently at her doctor's, most likely getting medication for depression. Would you-or possibly your new girlfriend-know why?"

"Oh, my God. Is she okay?"

"She will be," Leona said.

Sam let out a sigh of relief. "I was worried something like this would happen."

My ears perked up. "What do you know? She's been acting really off lately."

Sam looked up, and his brown eyes met mine. He looked guilty, sad. "She asked me to stop seeing Jen," he motioned to the stage. "She said she didn't want to keep meeting up if I had a new girlfriend."

"Shut the front door!" I blurted out, my pulse racing. "What do you mean 'meeting up'?" Leona shifted on her sneakers next to me.

He shook his head. "Look, I told Iz that I didn't want a serious relationship anymore. She said it was cool with her. But when she got all clingy again, I tried to put a stop to it. I swear."

I was stunned. In fact, I thought I might cry. "Are you telling us that you and Izzie are still ... sleeping together?"

He stared at me. "Well, yeah. She wanted to keep seeing each other even though I told her I didn't want anything serious. She said she was fine with just hooking up."

"Because she loves you, you ass**le!" Leona yelled, drawing the attention of the entire room. Oh, no. I was definitely going to cry.

We knew this syndrome well; I couldn't believe we hadn't seen the signs. It was a common problem among our clients. They'd find out that their boyfriends were cheating, be devastated, and then spend the next few months secretly hooking up with them until they finally hit rock bottom and moved on. We called it clinger syndrome. It was an epidemic.

"Wait," I said. "That note-it was to you?"

"Note?"

"To meet at the 7-Eleven?"

He hitched in a breath. "Oh. Yeah, I'd pick her up there sometimes, and we'd go driving. Maybe park somewhere."

I looked away, imagining all the horrible ways that Izzie had disrespected herself to hold on to her ex. I didn't want him to continue.

"Don't you ever touch her again," Leona growled, the sound in her voice mirroring how I felt. "You took advantage of her."

"I disagree," he shot back quickly.

"Samuel?" his girlfriend called from the stage. "We're ready to start, hon."

I turned to face him, moving one unsteady crutch forward. "You destroyed her," I whispered to him, my eyes glassing over with tears. "You should be ashamed of yourself."

"Look," Sam said, "I'm sorry that's she hurting. I really do care about her." He paused. "But I have to get back to class, okay?"

Leona shook her head. "Back to class? Of course, Samuel. We wouldn't want to keep you waiting." She rolled her arm as if she were welcoming him to a fancy ball, and he backed away slowly, concern in his eyes.

"Tell her that I hope she's okay."

"Don't think so," Leona answered, reaching over to put her hand on my arm as we turned to leave. We were almost to the door when Leona looked back. "Oh, and Jen?" she shouted. The blonde looked over, mildly curious. "He's cheating on you."

I gasped, but Leona smiled deviously and led us out the door.

When Leona dropped me off in front of my house, I was still shaken. Izzie wasn't the one who had turned us over to the football team, but what she was going through was even worse. And what made it nearly unbearable was the fact that none of us knew.

Too depressed for TV, I went into my room to check my e-mail. I was dying without my phone, but every time I called Aiden, there was no answer. And he wasn't responding to my messages or e-mails. I almost thought he was doing it on purpose.

I sat at my desk and flipped on my monitor, quickly signing in to my personal account. I hoped today wasn't filled with hate mail. I was already sad enough.

Oh. One from Joel. He was always so cute about messaging. It showed how much he was thinking about me. Unlike Aiden who was holding my phone hostage.

I clicked on the message, but about one line in, I started to perspire. When I finished, I read Joel's e-mail again. He'd come straight out and asked me to be his girlfriend. I ... I was caught a bit off guard by that.

With a shaky finger, I hit the reply button. But when it came up, I just stared at the screen. I didn't know how to answer. I placed my elbows on the desk and rested my chin in my hands as I contemplated.

First, Kira would be devastated. No matter what Joel said about her friendship with him, this was against girl code. It definitely was. Then, of course, there was the matter of Aiden. I still felt guilty about the not-forgiving-him comment.

Joel. When I thought of him I had to smile. He was funny, cute, charming. He was everything I wanted and needed in a boyfriend, and yet something was holding me back. I couldn't even bring myself to kiss him.

There had to be a reason. I used to think it was Kira, but now I wasn't so sure. What if there was a tragic flaw in our relationship, but I couldn't see it? I hadn't exactly been observant lately. I had missed Izzie's complete meltdown. Or I could be scared of getting hurt. Maybe I was jaded and would end up alone with fifty cats!

With a swift movement, I turned off the monitor without answering. I didn't know what to say, and I was totally freaking myself out. Instead, I reached for my house phone and dialed quickly.

It rang once. Twice. "Hello?" Aiden's voice was raspy, as if he'd been napping.

At first, I couldn't talk. Just the sound of his voice that was so clearly still in bed made my heart race. I took a steadying breath before continuing. "It's Tessa." My voice small.

"Morning, baby."

"Uh, yeah. You haven't been answering." I twisted a dark strand of hair around my finger as I rested back in my wood chair.

"Haven't been here." There was the sound of sheets rustling.

"Where have you been?"

He was quiet for a second. "You're calling about your phone, right?" he asked. "You left it in my car. Damn thing kept ringing, too. Had to shut it off."

"You could have brought it back to me."

He laughed. "Yeah. I could have."

We were quiet for a second, and then he moaned, and it sounded like his stretch. The one where his long muscular body would extended to its full height, his T-shirt lifting just enough to give a glimpse of his impressive abs. I sighed.

"By the way," he added, "tell Joel that he should really stop calling so much. He's acting like a stalker."

"Aiden."

"Just trying to help you out, Tess."

"Don't need that sort of help." When he didn't answer, I started to feel bad. He was still being really casual and cool, but I knew Aiden. If he wasn't acting smooth and confident, his mind was racing. I was ruining him.

"I'm really sorry," I whispered.

"It's just a few phone calls."

"Not about that." I lowered my eyes and stared at my hands, naked of polish. "About everything."

He was quiet. It seemed forever that we sat there, listening to each other breathe. Finally he said, "I'll overnight your phone to you, okay?"

The coldness of the post office hit me hard. In a way, maybe I wanted him to drop it off. Maybe I wanted him to talk to me. Maybe I wanted him to explain why I couldn't just say yes to Joel. But in the end, I just thanked him and hung up.

I was immediately struck with loneliness.

But I barely had time to dwell before my doorbell rang. I craned my neck to look out my bedroom door, my eyebrows pulled together. Who could that be? I grabbed my crutches and steadied myself before working my way into the kitchen toward the front door.

When I opened it, I nearly lost my balance and had to grab onto the wall for support. Unexpected drama.

"Hey, Prez."

"Chloe? What the hay are you doing here?" She looked great. Her dark makeup had been replaced with light-pink gloss and bronzer. Her normally pin-straight hair was curled at the ends, making it look softer. Healthier. I looked down at my yoga pants and slippers and suddenly felt self-conscious.

"Can I come in?" she asked. And for once, she didn't sound snotty.

I debated. Could this be a trick? Sigh. I couldn't very well let her stand in my doorway, so I hopped out of the way and let her in.

I motioned toward the kitchen table and then shut the door before crutching over to sit down. "What do you want to talk about?" I asked. I folded my hands in my lap, feeling them get cold with anxiety. Being alone with her like this made me uncomfortable. She and I had a sorted past.

"I'm sorry about Izzie." She looked suddenly serious. "Leona told me what happened, and I feel terrible. I sent her some flowers."

"You did?"

She shrugged. "I know what's it like to have a guy mess with you. At East Washington I dated someone for close to six months, only to find out that half of the time he'd been seeing his ex. It's why I wanted to be a part of SOS. Getting cheated on is something that can change a person, you know?"

I did know. I'd been investigating it for three years. But I couldn't respond. Was Chloe confiding in me? Was she ... being nice? It put me on edge.

"And when I heard about Izzie, I remembered what it was like to feel so alone. So desperate. I thought the flowers might cheer her up a bit." She laughed to herself, the skin around her brown eyes crinkling. "God, I'm starting to sound like you."

"Why are you here, Chloe?" For the first time, I realized that I wasn't all that mad at her anymore. I mean, no, we weren't going to be best friends, but I didn't feel the familiar grudge. Maybe it was her admission. Maybe it was because I'd watched Izzie dissolve in front of me. Or maybe I was just lonely.

Chloe lowered her head, biting down on the corner of her plump lip. "I have to tell you something. Something I heard."

I blinked quickly, straightening my posture. "Uh-oh. That doesn't sound good." She looked up to meet my eyes.

"It's not. Believe it or not, I don't hate you, Tessa. In fact, I sort of admire you in a weird sort of way. Which makes what I have to say really difficult."

I felt like I'd been transported to a different universe. One where Chloe wasn't a vengeful shrew. But I didn't think she was lying. I could usually tell when someone wasn't telling the truth. "Spill."

She spread her fingers across the table and took a breath. "Okay, well in physics class there was some chatter about the SOS. Word is the football team was sent the actual SOS forms with your names attached. Complete inside job."

"Who'd you hear this from?"

"Blaze Harmon himself."

Could it be possible that Chloe had gotten the information before us? She was not only a stellar cheerleader but a tush-kicking spy, too?

"Who sent it?" I asked.

Chloe pressed her lips together. "He wouldn't give me the name, but he did say it had to do with Smitten Kitten. And I think I figured it out."

I narrowed my eyes. "Look, if you don't have actual proof. Then-"

"It's Aiden."

"What?" My heart stopped. How dare she make that kind of accusation! And how dare she talk about Aiden to me of all people.

"I know you don't want to believe it, Tessa. But I thought I'd tell you before I went to the squad about it. He's a mess. And whether you can see it or not, he'll do anything to get back at you. Including ruining your reputation. Did you know that he's leaving WSU?"

A small gasp caught in my throat.

"Found out from his roommate while I was investigating. He was in town the day you were caught. And he was at Rick's party the other night. Don't you think it's odd that he's popping up everywhere, always there when you need him?"

"How do you know where he is all the time?" She was right. I didn't want to believe it. I'd just gotten off the phone with him. I ... I ...

"He's a little hard to miss, Tessa. Six two and gorgeous doesn't usually avoid my line of vision. Look, I'm sorry that I'm telling you this. And I'm sorry that I screwed things up between the two of you."

"I have to talk to him," I murmured, looking around the room and feeling confused. Would Aiden really do this? No. No, he couldn't. He wouldn't.

"I can't keep this from the squad," she said. "But if you want to be the one to tell them ..."

I nodded absently, tears forming in my eyes. Chloe got up, staring at me compassionately. I'd been wrong about so many things. Maybe I was wrong about her, too.

"I'll see you later," she said quietly, but as she went to pass me, she paused. Then, confirming that she was indeed from another universe, she bent down to hug me awkwardly. "I'm sorry."

I patted her arm in acknowledgment and waited at the table until she was gone. When I heard the door click shut ... I sobbed. Fine. I'd admit it: I was still in love with Aiden. I missed him more than I could stand. I didn't want to go on without him.

But this-this was it. Worse than Mary. Worse than anything any cheater had ever done. I'd spent so long trying to get myself together, and yet I was sabotaging myself at every turn.

Joel cared about me-the real me. And I'd been unfair to him. I'd used Kira as the excuse when, really, I was waiting for Aiden. For him to figure out a way to win me back. But now that was gone. He was gone.

I sniffled and then shook my head to clear it. I knew what I had to do. Grabbing my crutches, I went to my room and flopped down at my desk, turning on my computer. I signed into my e-mail and opened Joel's message, reading it once more.

I felt my muscles tense, determination burning my skin. Then I hit reply.

"Yes. I'll be your girlfriend," I wrote.

Then I hit send.

"Aiden?" Leona screamed into the phone. "I was right from the beginning?"

I leaned back into my sofa, my leg resting on the coffee table. "I guess you were. Chloe said she got the lead from Blaze and investigated it."

"She's good."

"Yeah. Did you know that Aiden was dropping out of WSU?"

"Really? Why?"

"Don't know. I don't know anything anymore." I stared blankly ahead, shutting off all of my feelings so that I could do what needed to be done.

"He was acting weird at Rick's party," she said. "Total buddy-buddy toward Blaze at first. Maybe he recognized me, and that was why he started acting tough. I wonder what he would have said if I wasn't there."

"I have no idea."

We were quiet for a long moment. "Do you want me to confront him?" Leona asked gently.

"No. It should be me. This is all my fault anyway."

"It is not. How could you-" She stopped. "Ugh. It's my other line. Chris again."

Huh. "Why is he calling?"

"Probably because I left him a voice mail, calling him an ignoramus. He's probably trying to find out what it means."

I laughed. "Why are you leaving messages like that?"

"I don't know." She sighed. "I saw him at Sid's late last night, and he wouldn't even acknowledge me. So I threw my iced tea at him and walked out. Sid is going to be vicious next time."

"Yikes."

"Well, I should answer," she said. "Maybe he'll apologize."

"Good luck." With that we hung up, and I dropped the phone to my side, resting my head against the back pillow. Leona was a good friend.

The phone rang again, startling me, and I wondered if Chris hadn't exactly apologized.

"You okay?" I said in greeting.

"I'm feeling pretty great now that I just got your e-mail."

"Joel!" I was flooded with relief. Just hearing his voice set me at ease, and I couldn't help but smile. "I don't know what you're talking about," I teased.

"Really? See, there's this girl ..."

I laughed. He was so squeezy and adorable.

"And I asked her out-by e-mail even-and she-"

"By e-mail? That's kind of weird."

"Right? But she said yes anyway. I think she must be in love with me or something."

I bit down on my lip, practically hugging myself. "Or something."

"Anyways, I just had to tell someone. Wait until you meet her. She's amazing."

"How amazing?"

"Beautiful, funny. Very shiny and sparkly."

"I do love sparkles."

"Oh, you'll like her," he said. "I know I do." He ended it with a very serious tone, and all at once, I was desperate to see him. I couldn't stand the thought of being alone anymore.

"Do you want to come over for a little bit?" I asked.

He paused. "Yes." And he hung up. I laughed and put down the phone, slowly getting up from the couch and grabbing my crutches.

I felt better already. I was moving on, and, yes, I still needed to confront Aiden, but there was nothing he could say now to make me forgive him. Aiden was my past, my sad, heartbroken past.

Joel was my future.

SOS

INTENT TO INVESTIGATE

CASE: 069

CLIENT: Hillary Hamm

SUBJECT: Midas Murdock

This is the SOS official notice of intent to investigate Midas Murdock. The client has accused Mr. Murdock of sexting with another girl while on a date with her. Ms. Hamm witnessed (looking over his shoulder) a suspicious text. But by the time she grabbed his phone, all of the messages were deleted. She has not been able to gain access to said phone since.

Ms. Hamm believes the accomplice is the "slutty new girl" in his writing class.

If you wish to cancel this investigation, please text a stop-work order to 555-0101. Stop orders must be placed within 24 hours of this written notification.

Thank you for thinking of SOS, and we truly hope that our investigation ends with positive results. Have a great day.

Keep smiling,

SOS : )

SOS

Text: 555-0101 * Exposing Cheaters for Over Three Years

Chapter 16

I decided to put off calling Aiden a while longer while I contemplated what to say. But when the doorbell rang fifteen minutes later, I nearly dropped the lid of the saucepan. My parents had called to say they were on their way back to town from Portland. Since things had been stressful around here lately, I decided to make them a spectacular dinner-one that Joel was invited to.

It was the best way to bridge my two lives and start anew. Once my dad saw how great Joel was for me, he'd accept him into the family, just like he'd accepted Aiden. It would be so happily ever after.

When I opened the door, Joel was standing there looking dapper. His hair was perfectly styled, and he was wearing a button-down green shirt that made the hazel of his eyes look greener. He looked delicious.

"Hi," I said.

He grinned. "You like?" He held out his hands and spun around slowing.

"Showing off?"

He pinched his fingers together. "A little."

"As long as you realize." I turned and crutched over to the stove, a smile firmly planted on my lips. Stirring the sauce, I thought about how nice this was, the smell of food, a good boy, no bad memories trying to ruin my fun time.

Leona had called back to say that Izzie's doctor had started her on a regimen of mild antidepressants and therapy. After that, her mother apparently marched her downtown to see Maurice, and he gave her the most adorable bob ever. A chic haircut and therapy can do amazing things for a person. I planned to stop by her house tomorrow with flowers of my own.

"So school's been terribly boring without cheerleaders," Joel said. "It's ... quieter."

I looked over at him and held out a wood cutting board. "You want to help?"

"Of course." But then he pretended to sigh loudly when he took the board from me. I had Joel chop up all the garlic for the bread (because, really, I didn't want the smell on my hands all night) and then he even cut up some tomatoes for the salad.

We were happily cooking together-like a real couple-when the front door opened. "Hi!" I said, holding up the wooden spoon as I waved.

My father paused, wheeling his suitcase in behind him. He looked from me to Joel, and his eyes narrowed behind his glasses. "Hello, honey," he said to me. "Joel." He moved away before Joel could answer.

It was so weird! My dad was not a rude person. I mean, he lived with me! We'd discussed at length the importance of being polite!

I glanced over at Joel and mouthed an apology. He shrugged as if it were no big deal, but I was embarrassed.

"Oh!" my mother said, shaking her head quickly in a gesture of surprise. "I didn't know we were having company." She smiled at Joel. "How are you, honey?"

"Very good, Mrs. Crimson."

See! My mom was candy-apple sweet. What was up with my father? "Excuse me," I said and crutched my way to my parent's back bedroom.

The door was opened, and my father had his suitcase on the bed while he took his clothes from it and shook them out. He looked up when I knocked.

"Hey, sweetheart," he said. His glasses were on the nightstand, and his eyes looked tired. They'd been traveling a lot lately.

"Explain."

He smiled a little but returned to his unpacking. "Not sure what you mean, Tess."

"Dad," I said in warning. "You're being mean to Joel."

"I wouldn't say 'mean.'"

"Then what would you say?"

He paused and turned to face me. "Cautious. Which is how you should be."

I furrowed my brow. "Cautious of what?"

"New boys. Honey, just because Aiden is away at college, doesn't mean you have to start dating someone. I don't feel like you're giving yourself time to heal."

Little prickles of anger started to race up my spine. "Aiden's not just away at college. We're broken up. He did something awful, and I'm done dwelling on it. I've moved on, and I'm dating Joel-"

"You two are dating now?" My father looked really concerned. He sat down at the edge of the bed and rested his elbows on his knees. "So soon?" He seemed shocked.

I hobbled in and set my crutches aside as I took the spot next to him on the lavender comforter. "I like him, Dad." In a way, I appreciated my father's worry. But it wasn't helping me move on. And that was what I desperately needed right now.

My father stared at the floor and then glanced sideways at me. "I miss Aiden," he said with a smile. "So I can only imagine how you feel."

"We should start a club."

"Your mother will join, too."

My father and I sat there quietly, both missing my ex-boyfriend (sort of weird but understandable). I considered telling him that Aiden was to blame for outing SOS, but it just didn't seem right. In a way, I didn't want him to hate Aiden.

My mom called out from the kitchen for us to come eat dinner, and I took in a heavy breath, trying to compose myself.

"What if he comes back for you?" my father asked as he stood up, steadying my crutches for me.

"He's not coming back," I said. "Not ever."

My father nodded, but when I was standing, he reached over to put his hand on my shoulder. "I'm not sure what's really going on," he said, narrowing his eyes. "But I'm only telling you this because I love and trust you. People make mistakes. I made mistakes. But your mom forgave me-and look what a beautiful life we've had together. Sometimes forgiveness is the truest test of love."

I was overwhelmed with emotion as he dropped his arm and started walking toward the door. Aiden had forgiven me for spying, but I'd never returned it. Was I the one that didn't love enough? I looked toward the door, longing for a time when Aiden was the one out in the kitchen setting the table with my mother.

But then I thought about what Chloe said about Aiden turning us over so that he could get back at me. And I thought about Mary Rudick, and how he had touched her. How he lied.

"I'm sorry, Dad," I said quietly, pushing away all of my feelings. "But some things can't be forgiven." I didn't look at him as I crutched past and out into the hallway. I moved quickly (or as quickly as I could) into the kitchen and took my seat across from Joel, where Aiden used to sit, and forced a smile.

This was my new life-everything I needed and more. And now that we'd discovered the traitor and set Izzie back on a healthy course, the only thing left to focus on was ESPN. We would rock that cheer! Sure, the school hated us, but nothing fought animosity like school spirit.

I reached for the glass salad bowl, the beginning of a cheer already coming to me. If there was one thing that had gotten me through tough times in the past, it was cheerleading.

And this new cheer was brilliant-total handicap accessible for me. Global warming! We were going to win back Washington High with the best routine they'd ever seen. I squeaked with excitement.

"You're suddenly very smiley?" Joel said from across the table. I looked up at him, ignoring my father's cough at the end of the table.

"That's because I just formulated a plan."

"Oh, God," my father murmured before taking a sip of his iced tea.

I ignored my father and keyed into the curious expression on Joel's face. "I know how to turn the school back to our side of the field," I said.

"Really?" Joel was grinning from ear to ear and set down his fork. "I'll admit, I'm both terrified and curious."

My mother laughed. I stared at Joel, a mixture of attraction and hope blending in my stomach. He was a good person to stand with me on the sidelines. He was just good.

"Tessa," my father said. "Please don't hurt yourself. Well, again." He motioned toward my crutches leaning behind me on the wall.

I rolled my eyes at him. "I'll be careful." He nodded, looking worried, and I appreciated that. In fact, I wasn't even mad at him for being wary of Joel anymore. He was just trying to look out for me, and that was very parental of him.

I glanced around the table, everyone anxious to hear about my plan, and I thanked my lucky, twinkling stars that I had such a great support group.

Things were strawberry smooth-things were good.

My father and Joel didn't say more than, "Can you pass the garlic bread?" at dinner, but they didn't argue either. So I guess it was just a small step in the new formation. I was crutching Joel out to his car when he reached over and put his hand on mine. I stopped and turned to him. Maybe he forgot something?

"You really think a routine is going to solve everything?" His head was slightly tilted as if he were asking honestly, out of concern.

I smiled. "I do." In the crisp night air with the fallen leaves all around us on the driveway, I felt like I was in the middle of a romance novel. Everything was in its place. It made sense.

He let go of my hand and walked to stand in front of me-close. My breath sort of held in my chest, nervousness turning in my belly. He moved even closer.

"Thank you for having me over tonight, Tessa." Joel's hazel eyes glanced at my lips as he quickly licked his.

I just nodded. I wasn't sure I could speak. It had gotten really cold outside. I wrapped my arms over my chest.

He smiled at my nonresponse. "I'm going to kiss you," he murmured. "In, like, three seconds, I'm going to lean down and finally kiss you."

"Okay." He was incredibly sweet. And the awkward way he was standing so close to me with his fingers seeming unsure how to reach out for me-those were the things I liked. The naturalness of him.

My eyelids fluttered as tingles raced through my body. He was so handsome. So gentle.

"One," he breathed. "Two."

I closed my eyes and accepted him. His new taste, feel. I tried to memorize it so that I could replace all of the other feelings I had.

I tried.

OVERNIGHT SHIPPING

Tess,

Here's your phone. Strangest thing happened. I decided to get myself one of these nifty devices. So I programmed my new number in your phone book, just in case you needed to get a hold of me. Hope you don't mind.

A

Chapter 17

I opened the overnight box after I read the attached message, my face numb. All I found was my phone, pink and perfect, completely unharmed. And for a second, I was disappointed, expecting some grand gesture. Flowers maybe.

Ugh. What was I saying? Chloe had accused him of being a saboteur, the reason my ankle was broken. Everyone at school hated us, and it was all because of him. But still ... maybe some chocolates?

I shook my head, pushing the box into the middle of the kitchen table as I sat there feeling melancholy. Here I was, thinking about Aiden when I'd just kissed Joel last night! Everything was supposed to be perfect now.

There was a vibrating sound from the box, and I jumped. Leaning into the table I peeked over the cardboard lid to see my phone shaking. I reached in to grab it, and when I looked at the caller ID, I couldn't stop myself from smiling.

It said I was receiving a call from "Mr. Awesome." And since I was pretty sure I'd never programmed that number in, I had a feeling I knew who it was.

"Mr. Awesome? Really?"

Aiden laughed. "I guess the box arrived."

"It did."

"You going to change my name?" He sounded amused.

The warm and fuzzies suddenly turned cool and scratchy. "Aiden, I-"

"It's okay," he interrupted. "I saw your last text message from Joel. I know you guys were planning on going out to dinner. How'd it go?"

My face reddened with shame even though I knew it was acceptable for me to move on. Still, somehow Aiden knowing made me feel awful. "I don't really think I should be talking about it with you."

"You do what you need to, Tessa," he said. "I won't hold it against you."

"I know it was you" tried to form on my lips, but I couldn't bring myself to accuse him. I kept hearing my father's voice, preaching about forgiveness. And in a way, I wasn't sure I was ready to hear that Aiden had betrayed me.

"I was thinking," he said, oblivious to my struggling emotions, "since our anniversary already passed-without a word from you, I might add-I was thinking that maybe I could take you out sometime. Not a date. Just ... I don't know, a those-were-fun-times lunch?" He sounded amused, but I closed my eyes.

"I don't think so."

"Aw!" He laughed. "Come on. I doubt your friend Joel would mind. Besides, he doesn't really have a say in it. It's not like-"

"He's my boyfriend," I said abruptly. "We're going out now."

There wasn't a sound on the other line, just pained silence. Finally, I heard Aiden swallow loudly. "I see. Guess I'm the one that doesn't have a say."

Oh, heck. "I'm sorry. I have to go. Bye, Aiden." I hung up before he could say anything else, feeling absolutely devastated. How did I just tell him that? It seemed like the meanest thing I'd ever done, and yet he'd been the one to betray me. What was wrong with me? What was happening to me?

Dropping my phone on the table with a clank, I rubbed roughly at my face, smearing the tears around. After a few long seconds of even breathing, I looked back down at my phone. I needed to let this go. I had to let him go.

I scrolled though my phone book until I found his listing. I hit edit, and when it came up, I stared at "Mr. Awesome." He'd even uploaded a picture. It was him against the brick wall of a building wearing a backward hat and smiling widely, ridiculously. It was absolutely adorable.

So I shut the phone off and didn't change a thing. Not yet.

The Kittens and I met in full uniform in the gymnasium Monday morning. To keep the peace, I'd told them all about Aiden and let Chloe explain her evidence. Several of them offered their condolences, but I just waved them off. I didn't want their pity.

Before school, I'd e-mailed Joel and asked him to keep our relationship status secret until I could talk to Kira in private. But now that I was here, I didn't have the guts to tell her. It was just that it was so nice having us all gathered around, forming plans of action. I'd ruin the moment if I told her. But I would. Eventually.

We'd all arrived at school early enough to miss the crowd. Or rather, angry mob. Things hadn't really toned down yet. After the weekend, I'd had the small hope that the student body had moved on to bigger news. Cheerleader spies. Jeez, was there nothing else going on?

But I did look into our latest SOS case and planned to steal the SIM card from Midas's phone later today. I thought the girls might appreciate my ambition.

As I crutched to center court, ready to begin practice, Kira stood up from where she was sitting on the bleachers.

"K!" I gasped, touching my chest. "Your skirt is well above regulation length." And that was putting it mildly. Her maroon skirt barely covered her bloomers.

She smiled. "Well, I figured if the boys were distracted, they might not be so mean." She tapped her temple. "I'm thinking ahead."

She had a good point. Kira's legs were well-known for their distractive quality. But still, we had an image to maintain. "Make sure you wear matching bloomers, then."

"Got it, Tess."

"Now," I said, looking around at the girls. "I have something amazing planned for the ESPN game. It came to me last night, and I worked it all out so that despite my handicap, we should be able to pull it off no problem."

"Excellent," Leona said, coming to stand next to me. The girls were buzzing about the possible routine, but I looked at the empty spot in my lineup and felt sad. No Izzie. It just didn't seem like the Smitten Kittens without her. "She'll be back soon," Leona whispered, bumping my shoulder. "I'm going to go by there after school, so I'll teach her the moves so she'll be ready on game day. We won't go on without her."

I smiled. "You're the best."

"Actually," Kira called, putting her hand on her hip. "I was hoping we could try my routine. It has way more pizzazz."

"K, it's way too dangerous. Someone could get hurt." Kira's cheer was great, amazing really. But the projection of the jumper and the impossible amount of twists made it a no-no.

"But a stellar cheer can get the school back on our side!"

"I agree," Chloe chimed in, tying her blond hair up in a ponytail. "I've seen Kira do it, and it freaking rocks."

"I like you're train of thought," I said to them. "But I've been working on a cheer, a safer one, that I think can still wow the crowd without needing an ambulance."

Kira's eyes narrowed. "Is that what this is about? You want to use your cheer instead?"

"No." I looked around and saw all of the girls watch me suspiciously. "That's not what I meant. It's just-"

"Whatever."

Kira and I stared each other down. "I'm thinking about our safety," I said, my adrenaline heightened now that she was confronting me. "Not about taking credit for a cheer."

"Sure, Tessa. Of course." She smiled as if all were forgiven, but I knew differently; I knew her. And suddenly, I realized that she already knew about Joel and me. I could see it in her blue, icy glare.

I blinked quickly and moved back on my crutches, confused. How did she know?

"See," Leona said, looking back and forth between us. "All better. Now, let's see Tessa's routine before the bell rings."

And just then, my cell rang inside my backpack, the sound echoing through the gym. I didn't recognize the standard ring tone. "Hold up." I crutched over to it, unzipping and pulling it out when Kira scoffed.

"Answering your phone during practice?"

"I'm waiting for a call from my doctor. We did x-rays on Friday." It seemed that all the progress that Kira and I had made had just flown out the sunroof. She'd been faking friendly earlier-maybe hoping to get her cheer in the rotation.

Mr. Awesome. My mouth twitched when I saw Aiden's alias on my screen. What would the girls say if I answered? What would Aiden say?

But as I stared at his goofy smile, I couldn't help picking up. Maybe it was important.

"I'm at practice," I said as a greeting. I glanced nervously over my shoulder and saw Chloe watching me, her head tilted slightly. The rest of the squad started talking among themselves.

"Didn't think you would answer," he said with an embarrassed laugh. "Sort of hoping I could just leave a message."

"Why?"

"Uh ... it's sort of hard to say, Tess. And now that I've got you on the phone, I'm not really sure where to start."

Well, he could start by apologizing, admitting what he'd done and then possibly explaining why he did it. But I wasn't Aiden's guardian angel. He needed to figure it out himself.

"Try."

He sucked in a breath as if he really didn't want to. "Look, will you meet me? I'd rather talk about it in person."

My stomach dropped. "What?"

"It's complicated. If we had dinner, maybe I could explain better."

"Aiden, I-"

"Wait," Kira snapped. "You're talking with Aiden?"

I looked back at her, hearing the accusation in her voice. "Yes, but he knows who-"

"Wow," she said, turning away from me. "It's never enough for you, is it?" "Hey!"

"Listen," Leona said quickly, stepping in front of Kira and motioning to the rest of the squad. "Class is about to start, so let's head into the locker room and draw up the blueprints for the Midas Murdock investigation. I'm sure Tessa will be there in a second."

She glanced over at me, and I nodded, putting my hand over the phone. "I'm sorry. This will only take a sec."

Leona turned, leading the girls toward the heavy double doors as if it were no big deal, but Kira wouldn't look my way at all. She even gave me a hair flip.

Chloe paused in mid court, glancing my way with a hitched eyebrow. "If it makes you feel any better," she said, "I would've answered, too."

My expression faltered, and she shrugged, trotting toward the rest of the squad. Yeah. Of course, she would have. Argh! This was becoming such a bad day, and the first bell hadn't even rang yet!

I took a second to compose myself and then put the phone to my ear. "Aiden, I'm not sure I have the emotional stability to deal with this right now. Is there any way-"

"Just meet me one more time, Tess," he said softly. "And if you don't want to see me after that, I'll understand." Somehow the thought of never seeing him again made my heart hurt.

"When?"

"Tonight. I'll come by at seven."

Excalibur! This was such a bad idea. But I really wanted to hear his explanation. I almost felt like I needed to. "Fine."

He sighed, sounding relieved. "Fine. Oh, and, Tess, you probably shouldn't mention this to your boyfriend." And he hung up.

"What are we doing here?" I whispered to Kira as we squatted down on the carpet in the back of the deserted public library. And it wasn't easy to squat with a giant cast on my leg!

"Shhh ..." She put her polished finger to her lips. "Midas is in that study carrel with Carnie Trinadad."

"The girl from his English class?"

"Yep."

"Are they studying?"

Kira glanced over at me sharply and held out her phone. There was a message from Carnie to Midas-it was about her underwear. Or lack of. Gross!

Ugh. After this morning, the rest of my day had been just as awful. Blaze Harmon's cronies had stuck maxi pads all over the front of my locker-which I didn't even understand. What was he trying to say?

Then Joel wasn't around during lunch because he'd gotten called to the office for skipping school last week. I'd planned on asking him why he told Kira we were going out, but I didn't get a chance. Instead, I got five minutes with him in exchange for a quick peck on the lips.

Immediately after class, the squad practiced my new routine, which I had to admit looked stellar. And finally, at 4:45, Kira and I hightailed it over to the library to catch the cheater. I was a busy Kitten!

"So do you want to snap the pics?" I asked, quietly unzipping my backpack to take out the camera.

"I probably should." Kira paused before seeming to waver over something. "I want to apologize," she whispered. "I was mean to you at practice today. I'm not even sure why."

Kira saying she was sorry was enough to make me jump for joy-if I could jump at all. I hated fighting, and now that Joel and I were a couple (and Kira knew about it), we should try to bury the hatchet. Preferably not in my back. "K, that means so much to me. You have no idea how-"

"Wait, that's not true. I do know why."

"Oh." I shifted uncomfortably, needing to sit down to take the pressure off my good leg. I stretched out my cast in front of me on the navy carpet, and Kira joined me on the floor. "Why?"

Kira's lips pulled into a pout. "Joel told me that you two are going out now. And he told me that you kissed."

My stomach flipped. I felt a little grossed out that she knew that. Not that I hadn't told her plenty about Aiden and me, but that was different. She didn't have personal experience with him. "He told you that?"

She nodded, her face pale. "He's in love with you, Tessa."

"Oh." I wasn't sure if I should be happy, or feel offended that he told Kira personal information about us. Lady and the Tramp! Love?

She shook her head, her curls bouncing over her shoulders. "I didn't even want to bring it up. Have every intention of sucking it up and moving on." She stopped, looking away as if she might cry.

"I'm sorry," I said, touching her shoulder. "I didn't want to hurt you. I wanted us to be friends again."

Kira closed her eyes before opening them to glance over her shoulder at me. "I want that, too, Tess. I really do. But ... I just can't. Not when you're with him. It's too hard for me."

It was like a dagger in my chest. I basically had to choose. My new boyfriend or my former best friend. Just then, my phone beeped a text message alert in my pocket. Kira motioned for me to answer it.

MR. AWESOME IS ON HIS WAY

I laughed despite myself and deleted the message.

"Who is Mr. Awesome?" Kira scrunched her nose.

My smile faded as I looked up at Kira. "Oh, that's Aiden. He programmed it into my phone as a joke when I forgot it in his car after Rick's party."

Kira's eyes widened. If she were a cartoon, a lightbulb would have illuminated over her head. "I see."

"It's not like that."

"Like what?" she asked innocently. "I'm sure you have a perfectly good reason to be exchanging texts with Mr. Awesome." She swallowed with a click and put her hands on the ground, pushing herself up. "And it's none of my business. Joel chose you." She paused, taking the cap off the camera lens. "He deserves whatever he gets."

I wanted to explain why I was meeting with Aiden, but really, what was the point? Kira was firmly on Team Aiden, and that was only because she wanted Joel for herself.

Grabbing my crutches from the carpeted floor, I pulled myself to a standing position. I would end this ridiculous Aiden situation tonight. I needed to know why he did it, not for the squad, for me. I deserved the explanation.

I started crutching forward, determined to get on with this investigation and on with my life. Kira was close behind me, camera poised in hand, as we got to the other side of the study carrel-silent as ninjas.

She tugged my sleeve from behind and we both crouched down. She got in position and zoomed in, clicking off frames.

Ew. The library was no longer a sacred place. Seriously, cheaters were making me nauseous.

SOS

CHEATER INCIDENT REPORT

CASE: 069

CLIENT: Hillary Hamm

SUBJECT: Midas Murdock

FINDINGS: At approximately 4:00 p.m. on October 14, Mr. Murdock's phone received an obscene text from Carnie Trinidad (the slutty new girl from his writing class). The exact text was recorded and transcribed; you'll find it included with this letter.

Take note on page three of the mention of "no underwear" and meeting in the library study carrel. It is our assertion that you were correct about Ms. Trinidad. You were also correct about Mr. Murdock's infidelity. He was later observed engaging in inappropriate forms of PDA in the library. The front office was notified.

SOS offers our deepest sympathies. We hope that we will not have to assist you again in the future, but please keep us in mind for referrals.

Keep smiling,

SOS : )

SOS

Text: 555-0101 * Exposing Cheaters for Over Three Years

Chapter 18

Hillary Hamm did not take the news well. Leona and I delivered the envelope (along with a dozen perfectly pink carnations) to her house just before I was supposed to meet Aiden.

The moment she saw us on her large covered front porch, she started crying. Then she cursed and took out her cell to send the most tragic text ever to Midas. Something along the lines of hoping he caught a nasty venereal disease.

But she appreciated the pink carnations I'd brought.

"So when are you meeting with Aiden?" Leona asked as we got into her Beamer, watching the sun fade behind the trees.

"In about twenty minutes." My nose twitched. I was still upset from my conversation with Kira. In fact, I'd ignored all of Joel's texts because I wasn't sure if she'd run back to tell him. It was pretty cheerless having your boyfriend tell his ex everything. And vice versa. "Can I ask you something?"

"Yep," Leona said, checking her rearview before pulling out into the street.

"Do you think Aiden is the reason I'm having a tough time dating Joel?"

"Um ..." She turned to me, her dark eyebrows pulled together and then looked back at the street. "Well, first, I didn't know you were officially dating Joel. Second, of course. Aiden is the reason you do anything. And third, why the hell didn't I know you were dating Joel?"

"I don't know. I really didn't tell anybody because I was afraid it'd hurt Kira's feelings. Even though Joel told her and-wait. What do you mean, 'Aiden is the reason you do anything'?"

Leona smiled. "Why are you meeting with him tonight?"

"To find out why he turned us in."

"And you don't think if you would have asked really nicely, he would have told you over the phone?"

I guess I hadn't really thought about that. He said he'd rather tell me in person. I assumed it was because it was difficult to talk about. Like he was embarrassed. But maybe ..."

"All I'm saying, Tessa, is that it's okay to still care about Aiden, even if he's just pulled the biggest d-bag move in history. And honestly, I don't think he's a bad guy. I think you trying to make him the bad guy is what's eating at you. If you're looking for excuses as to why you're not hooking up with Joel on a regular basis, I think it has to do with you more than anyone else."

"Meaning?"

"What am I a freaking fortune cookie? I don't know, Tess. Figure it out. Decide what you want and do it. Stop waffling. It's not becoming of a Smitten Kitten."

I smiled. Waffles were delicious. "You're right," I said as she paused at a red light. "I need to clear my head. Maybe I should go back to meditating?"

"It did keep you wonderfully centered."

"Agreed."

Leona drove me home, and after I got inside my house, I heard the first splatters of rain hit my bedroom window. The season was starting. It would rain for months at a time, but I think I was getting used to it. Maybe the fact that it always happened made it more comforting somehow.

I decided to meditate before I was supposed to meet with Aiden. I wanted to be in top form when we talked. He was smooth, and I needed to be prepared for that. Sitting on a fluffy pink pillow on the carpeted floor, I tried to clear my mind as best as I could. But something always popped in there.

First it was SOS and how now that we weren't a secret, people didn't like us. Well, some of the girls still did-evidenced by our steady stream of cheater requests. I'd actually gotten into a very thoughtful debate in sociology class about the anatomy of a cheater. My teacher was very impressed. But mostly the guys called us names, or tossed wads of paper at us when we passed by.

But I kept my head held high. After all, I'd caught most of them in compromising positions. Who was the one that should really be embarrassed?

Then I thought about Joel, and I got a little angry. He had told Kira what I had explicitly told him not to. Why would he do that? I understood that they were friends, but was he completely clueless about her feelings for him? Ugh. I'd have to speak with him about that.

I was about to try to blank out my brain again when my phone went off. I glanced down at it, vibrating on my floor. The screen said it was Joel. I held in a breath, but I didn't move. I hadn't thought about what to say to him. I'd needed notes for this.

I glanced over at my alarm clock and saw that it was almost seven. Aiden would be here any minute, and even though I didn't have to get pretty (not like I cared what he thought), I did want to put on a warm, sort of cute sweater.

Hm ... now where did I put my lip gloss?

When my doorbell rang, I thought my heart would be stuck in my throat forever. It had been a while since Aiden had been to my house-at least, a while since he'd been invited. I crutched into the kitchen, but before I could open the door, I heard voices on the other side. What was going on?

Just then the door opened, startling me.

"Sorry, honey," my father said when he saw me, a huge grin on his face. "Didn't mean to frighten you. But look who I found on our doorstep." He was beaming as his hand clutched Aiden's shoulder. I was a little too breathless to respond.

There was my ex-boyfriend, smiling as he stood with my father. His skin looked warm and tan, so inviting in the cooling fall weather. His hair a little longer, growing out to become the messy curls that I used to love. Like always, just looking at Aiden was enough to make someone melt. But I quickly pulled myself together.

"Hello, Aiden," I said nonchalantly, and crutched over for a glass of water. Cold water. "Dad, where's mom?" A change of subject was in order.

"She's setting up at the club for tonight." I didn't look at him, but I could hear the elation in his voice. "Aiden, would you want to come watch our set tonight?"

"Really? Yeah, that'd-"

"He can't," I said quickly, spinning to face them. "Aiden and I are going to have a talk, and then he's going back to school." Let's just nip this in the bud before it gets any worse.

Aiden's expression faltered, but then he recovered and smiled at my father. "Next time?"

"Sure." My dad nodded and then shot me a dirty look. "Maybe I can come up and catch a game at WSU when the season starts."

I took in a breath. That reminded me. Chloe had said that Aiden was dropping out of WSU, something he'd neglected to tell me. I wondered why he was trying to hide it.

"Yeah, let me know. I've got a guy that can set aside some tickets and-"

"We should go," I said, hobbling over to where my two guys stood. "Night, Dad." I opened the door and motioned for Aiden to leave. This father and son meeting was too hard to watch. Aiden looked over at me, his face scrunched as he stared. Maybe he thought I was crazy. I sort of felt like it.

He said his good-byes to my father, and they did a man embrace (shoulder lean with a pat on the back). When he got out the door, I held up my finger. "Just give me a sec?"

His green gaze shifted between me and my dad, and then he nodded before walking out. When I turned to my father, his expression was bordering on furious.

"Tessa Crimson, you were not raised to be so rude."

"Me? How about the way you treat Joel?"

"This has nothing to do with Joel. Aiden was a part of this family for a long while. I understand that you're upset with him, I really do. But I do not appreciate the unpleasant way you treated me in front of him."

I didn't like being scolded. Heat swarmed my cheeks and I frowned. He might have been right about me being a bit disrespectful. "I'm sorry. But you don't know everything."

"That may be true. But understand, part of being a well-adjusted adult is treating others with respect. No matter what. I'd hate to see you lose your compassion."

I nodded. I knew how much my parents cared about Aiden. It was unfair to force them to be angry with him. He'd been like a son to them. Even if he weren't my boyfriend anymore.

Aiden's car was idling in my driveway, but before I got in, I took out my phone and shut it off. Then I packed it safely away in my purse. I didn't want to lose it again. And ... I didn't want to explain to Joel where I was. I hadn't decided the best way to explain this to him yet.

I eased into the car and placed my crutches across the backseat before lifting my booted foot into the car. Aiden stared at it.

"Did I mention how much I'm digging the sparkles?"

I smiled. Dang him and his smooth talk. "No, you haven't."

"I'm digging the sparkles."

"Thanks."

We sat quietly for a second, then Aiden shifted into gear. "What are you hungry for?"

I felt a twist in my stomach, the feeling that I was doing something I shouldn't. This wasn't really fair to Joel. "Aiden, I'm just here to talk. I think you have some explaining to do."

"I do?" Aiden looked sideways at me, studying my expression. Then he turned to the road, eyebrows pulled together. He backed out into the street and began driving down the dark streets. "You're right," he said. "But first, why don't you tell me what you know so far."

My lip curled. "What? You're supposed to be spilling your guts, remember?"

"I just want to make sure I'm not out of line here. Come on, Tess. Tell me what the Kittens have discovered so far." The light on the corner of Elmhurst and Longview turned red, and we eased to a stop.

"I know that you're dropping out of WSU." His hand tightened on the steering wheel.

"That ... is true. I'm transferring."

I blinked quickly, realizing that Chloe's investigation had been correct. In a way, I might have still been hoping she was wrong about him. "Where?"

"OSU." He grinned and looked over. "I'm gonna be a Beaver."

My mouth twitched with a smile, but I covered it with my hand. "Why?"

"Better schedule. Better team." He glanced at me, then the street. "What? Did you think I was coming back to live in Redmond?"

"That would have been a logical assumption. Yes."

"Oh, baby," he chuckled. "You have such little faith in me."

Prickles broke out over my skin, not liking his choice of words. Because I didn't. I didn't have any faith in him.

"Why did you do it?" I asked suddenly as he turned the corner to ride into the hills.

"Do what?"

"Tell Blaze about us?"

His mouth opened as if he were offended. "Baby, I didn't say shit. What are you talking about? I wouldn't do something like that. I've spent the last week protecting you."

My heart stopped as I stared back at him. Relief filling me. "Banana split, Aiden! Are you serious?"

His eyes continued to dart back and forth from me to the road. "Who told you that? Leona?" he demanded.

"It ... it doesn't matter. Who were you protecting me from?"

"You don't want to know," he said, shaking his head.

"I think I do."

Aiden spun his hand over the steering wheel as we began winding through the streets. "For starters, the football team was going to trash your uniforms, like throw paint on you in the hallways. I had to personally call and threaten each and every one of those f**kers."

"Oh." I was stunned. I knew the boys were mad, but the thought of being assaulted in the hallway frightened me. I was completely grateful to Aiden for saving us. Oh, my word-he was innocent! Chloe was so wrong.

"And Stuart French was going to take out a full page ad in the paper calling for public outrage. I had to pay him two hundred bucks to stop him from running it."

"But you don't have two hundred bucks."

"No, shit. But I couldn't let them ruin you."

My mouth twitched. "That was very sweet, Aiden. Thank you."

We came out on the other side of the hills, and Aiden took the turn onto the freeway back to my neighborhood. We were just wandering-no place to go. He ... he was such a hero.

"I'm so sorry I accused you," I said quietly. "I should have known better."

"Uh, yeah. You should have." He looked sideways at me, his face hardened. But when I met his gaze, he rolled his eyes. "But I forgive you."

My breath caught. It was just like my father had said. "Thanks."

We didn't say anything else until he pulled up in front of my house, parking at the curb. He rested his head against the seat as if he were so tired he was going to fall asleep right here. "No matter where we are, Tess," he murmured, almost to himself. "I'll never let anything bad happen to you."

I watched him. His eyes were closed, and his lips were slightly parted. His chest rose and fell with his breath. It would be so natural to just lean over and kiss him; kiss him like I'd done a million times before. It would feel so right.

"Who was it, Aiden?"

"I'm dying without you, Tess," he said quietly, not opening his eyes. Not answering me. His words went straight to my heart, pulling it open and making it hurt. I wanted him so much, but I couldn't have him. I couldn't accept this life. My eyes started to water.

"Fine, if you're not going to tell me, then I have to go." I couldn't sit and listen to him anymore. I'd agreed to move on with Joel. The past was over. I reached for the handle of the passenger door.

"Wait."

I paused, glancing back at him. He straightened up and looked at me, his eyes weak. "Can we grab an ice cream or something first?"

Dang it! He knew how much I liked ice cream. "I shouldn't." I didn't sound all that convincing.

"I promise I'll tell you everything I know. I talked with Darrell last night."

I widened my eyes at him. "You weren't going to tell me that?"

He smiled. "I was holding out for ice cream."

I tsked, but in a way, I appreciated the fact that he had continued investigating. After Chloe had accused Aiden, Leona had closed the case.

"Fine," I said. "But only because I wrongly accused you. Well, that and the fact that everyone needs a pistachio ice cream once in a while. It helps with morale."

"I don't know about that. But strawberry sounds pretty good. And, yes,"-he glanced into his lap-"I'll tell you what I know."

It was all so ominous. And although I appreciated Aiden's chivalry in wanting to protect me, he'd have to realize that I'm a grown cheerleader and could handle myself. He couldn't always save me.

But maybe just once more wouldn't hurt. Aiden shifted the gear, and I looked out the window. There was nothing wrong with getting ice cream with Aiden. I mean, we'd been getting ice cream for years. It wasn't like he was painting my nails or something.

Luckily, the mall was only a mile away and had a Ben and Jerry's. I wasn't sure I could wait much longer for the information-my mind had run through all the suspects with no obvious choice. But now I was totally craving ice cream.

When we got there, I reached into the back to grab my crutches, and then slowly got out of the Jetta. Once I was balanced, I glanced over the top of the car as Aiden stretched, his long, muscular body in full display. His face was so content. Calm. When he met my eyes across the roof, he pressed his lips together.

"Let's go," he called, walking around the car. When he got to me, we both paused. I half expected him to take my hand. But instead, he reached up to tuck a loose strand of hair that had fallen out of my ponytail behind my ear. When his finger touched my earlobe, my entire body tingled.

He smiled, close to me. "I know how much you like to be pulled together."

I blinked heavily. "I'm letting go of some of my control issues." His eyes were green, beautiful. I remembered how often I used to stare into them completely lost. I felt lost now.

He laughed. "Sure you are. Shall we?" he asked, motioning toward the mall.

"Never understood why you liked that kind," Aiden said, biting into the top of his strawberry swirl as we sat just outside the Ben and Jerry's in the food court, the smells of hamburgers and Panda Express filling the space between us

"And I never understood how you could bite ice cream. Some things are meant to be licked, Aiden."

He choked on his mouthful.

"Besides, I think the green is sort of cute."

"Of course, you do," he said, still seeming to laugh at some inside joke and wiping his mouth with a napkin.

"Can I ask you something?" Aiden took another bite.

"Shouldn't I be the one asking questions?"

"Humor me?"

I took a long lick from my ice cream and then nodded. Truth was I was curious about what he had to say. Now that I knew he was innocent, I felt so much more comfortable. And a little guilty for jumping to conclusions.

Aiden looked down at the metal table. "Are you in love with him?" he asked. "Are you in love with Joel?"

Stupid Cupid! I wasn't expecting that! His question made my muscles tense, my jaw tighten, my hand scrunch my cone. So many feelings ran through me. Sad that Aiden had to ask. Worried that I didn't know how to answer.

When he finally looked up at me, I felt all of my air escape as if I'd been sacked. His eyes were glassy even though he continued to bite at his strawberry swirl as if the answer didn't matter. But I knew it mattered.

"Were you in love with Mary?" He flinched at the question, then looked me straight in the eyes.

"No. I've never loved anyone but you."

Although I should have been upset at my mention of her name, his answer somehow released me. Like an unknown fear.

"Are you in love with Joel?" he asked again quietly, this time not looking away.

My pride wanted to take over. Scream an answer, maybe make myself feel something that wasn't there. But instead I stared back into his eyes, thinking about how rough Aiden was around the edges. How he bit his nails. How he swore even when he was trying not to. I thought about all the imperfect things that made him perfect to me.

"No." I said, simply. "I'm not in love with Joel."

Without any noticeable reaction, Aiden licked the side of his cone. "Is it because you're still in love with me?"

A chill ran across the back of my neck, and my breath held in my chest. I could feel myself blushing, my cheeks getting warm. "Maybe."

His mouth twitched with a smile as he leaned back into the painted metal of the food-court chair. He looked across the room of people-completely pleased. "That's good, Tess," he said, nodding to himself. "Because he's the one that set you up."

Chapter 19

I was too stunned to talk on the way home. Joel. Joel had turned us over to the football players, ratting us out and causing our social exodus. He was partly to blame for my broken ankle. Joel.

When we got home, Aiden walked me inside, helping me sit down at the kitchen table before getting me a glass of water. I couldn't believe this.

I clutched my cup, Aiden now across from me and looking worried. It couldn't be true. Why would Joel do something so cruel? Why would he destroy our lives?

"You've made a mistake," I said quietly, lifting up my cup to take a sip. "He wouldn't do this."

"Darrell confirmed it, Tess. Blaze wasn't the only one Joel told. He'd met with them a few times in the locker room. He knew how to get through to SOS."

"But how could he know that? I've never told him about SOS."

Aiden stood up from the kitchen chair and took my near-empty glass from my hands and brought it to the kitchen. As he was refilling it, it hit me.

"Sweet'N Low! What if it was Kira?"

"You think she sabotaged you again?"

I blinked quickly. Did I think that? No. Not really. Kira had nothing to gain by telling Joel about SOS. And she loved spying. I didn't think she'd jeopardize it.

Aiden came back over to the table and set the glass down in front of me. Then he squatted down so that he was at eye level, putting his hands on my knees. Him being that close made me dizzy. "I'm really sorry I had to tell you this," he said. "I was planning on taking care of it myself, but then Darrell told me you were dating him. So I knew I had to tell you."

"How were you going to 'take care of it'?"

He glanced away, trying (but not that hard) to hide a grin. "I would have spoken to him about it."

"With your fists?"

"You know I don't condone violence." Aiden winked and then stood up. He bent down and kissed the top of my head, making my insides flutter. "You gonna be okay if I take off?"

"Depends. Are you going to see Joel?"

"Um ... no?"

"Aiden!" I wasn't even sure if I believed that Joel could be involved-not without evidence. I didn't want to falsely accuse him as I'd just done with Aiden. And I couldn't very well let Aiden get in a physical altercation with him.

"Listen," Aiden said from the doorway, zipping up his jacket. "I won't punch him. I won't even kick him. I just want to talk to the guy."

"No. I think we both know you're not great at self-restraint."

He smirked. "Sometimes I am."

"Not really."

Aiden groaned, leaning his long body against the door frame as if exasperated. "You make me crazy."

"Ditto."

"Are you going to do something dangerous?" he asked. "Because I don't want you to hurt yourself. Again."

I couldn't help the rush of warmth and protection that wrapped around me. Even though Aiden might be wrong about Joel, he still wanted to beat him up. Part of that was jealousy. And part of it was looking out for me. It made me feel pretty good.

Reaching out, I grabbed one of my crutches to balance on and hobbled over to where Aiden was standing. When I stopped in front of him, his face fell as if he were suddenly nervous. Like me walking up to him meant something.

I reached a hand behind his neck and drew him closer. And when he was within striking distance, I got on my tiptoe (one of them) and put my lips against the soft, warm skin of his cheek. I felt him touch gingerly at my back, like he was scared to touch me completely. As if I'd run away.

When I pulled back, I whispered, "Thank you."

He laughed softly, his hand falling. He stared down at me. "Anything for you, baby."

Then he turned around and left.

The first thing I did after Aiden left was take a deep breath. The second thing I did was turn on my phone and call Leona. But she didn't answer.

Hello Kitty! I needed to talk to her. I was in a downward spiral and desperate for answers. I tried her house, but her mother (who'd just gotten back from a lengthy business trip) told me she hadn't seen her. I dialed Izzie's number, but her mother said she was at therapy. Well, at least, that was something positive.

I looked around the room, trying to figure out what to do next. I didn't want to call Kira until I'd discussed the situation with Leona. She was great at evaluating emergencies. My cell phone began to vibrate on the table, and my stomach dropped when I glanced at the caller ID. Joel.

Argh! What was I supposed to do? I tapped my healthy foot on the floor and then impulsively answered. Maybe Aiden was wrong. "Hi."

"Hey! I've been trying to call you. Where've you been?"

Okay, here was the point where I should fess up that I ate ice cream with Aiden and then ask Joel point blank if he told the football team that the Smitten Kittens were really SOS. But I was a spy. Point blank wasn't one of my strengths.

"Spending time with my parents before their show."

"That's cool. So ... do you want to do something tonight?" The oblivious tone of his voice could mean only two things. Aiden was completely off base, or Joel was a good liar.

"Did-" The words froze in my mouth. I couldn't bring myself to ask him. I was so torn up and confused. I liked Joel. It couldn't be true.

"Did what?"

I closed my eyes. "Did you want to do something tomorrow? I'm free then." I needed to talk to Leona first. She'd know the correct way to handle this.

"What are you doing tonight?"

Spying on you. "I've got a headache. My father talks a lot." It was the only thing I could do. I had to find out the truth for myself. I refused to confront him until I did.

"Ah, the old headache excuse."

"No, Joel. It's not that. I-"

"It's fine, Tessa." But he didn't sound fine. He sounded annoyed. "I'll see you tomorrow in school then." And he hung up.

My eyes stung, and I put down my phone. I was losing my mind. Joel was my boyfriend! I shouldn't be accusing him of things he didn't do. And I shouldn't be avoiding him. And I definitely shouldn't still be thinking about how wonderful Aiden smelled when I kissed his cheek.

Wow. I was falling apart.

Ding Dong. I looked up at the sound of my doorbell. Butterflies fluttered as I wondered if Aiden had come back. I left my crutch leaning against the table and hopped to the door, swinging it open.

"Hey, Prez."

"Chloe." At this point, I wasn't even surprised to see her. "I have a major bone to pick with you-like femur-sized."

"Okaaay. Well, first, this is going to sound insane." She brushed her long blond hair over her shoulder and shifted her weight to her left hip. "But I'm here to apologize."

"You're right. That does sound insane."

"Can I come in?" she asked.

I looked behind me into the house, debating. She could be like a vampire. Once I let her in the house, she could enter at will. I smiled to myself, picturing Chloe turning into a bat and flying away.

"Fine." I hopped aside and watched as Chloe strolled into my house, heading for the living room couch as if she owned the place. I sighed and shut the door.

I gathered both crutches and made my way into the room with her. Sitting down across from her in my father's recliner, I tried to cross my leg over my cast, trying to look calm. "Why are you really here?" I asked.

"I told you. I'm sorry."

"For what?"

"For accusing Aiden. I just bumped into him, by the way. God, he's still so hot."

"Ahem."

"Sorry. Anyway, I just saw him filling up at the gas station, and he told me that he was just leaving your house. Nice."

"Nothing happened with me and Aiden."

She smirked, obviously liking my denial. "Didn't say it did. Wow, paranoid, much? Anyway, I told him that I'd thought he was the one who tried to ruin the SOS, but he set me straight. Told me who he thought it really was."

I flinched, partly embarrassed. "And?"

"You've got a problem. I'm pretty sure he's right. Your new boyfriend totally sold you out. And I think I can prove it."

I was waiting for the irony police to bust in at any moment. Chloe-of all people-helping me. "How?"

She batted her eyelashes innocently. "I might have hacked into someone's e-mail."

I gasped. "Whose?"

"Joel's. And Blaze's."

A thought occurred to me. "And mine?"

Her snide look seemed to falter. "Occasionally. But now that we're on the same team, I won't do it again."

"You read my personal e-mails!" I couldn't believe that little snake. Then again, it was great that she knew how to hack. Still! My e-mails were private! "Wait, was that how you always knew where Aiden was?"

"Um ... yup." She didn't look apologetic. "Are we going to dwell, Tessa, or do you want my help?"

I wanted to dwell! Deep breath. I needed to pull myself together and hear Chloe out. Maybe afterward, I could construct an appropriate punishment. "Okay," I said. "What did you find?"

She leaned back into the couch and picked at her fingernails. "Blaze may have mentioned something about a meeting tonight-nine o'clock in the field house." She grinned. "Wanna spy?"

My stomach twisted with anxiety. "Chloe," I closed my eyes, scared of her answer. "You were wrong about Aiden last time. Do you really think it's Joel? If you're wrong and he finds out that I investigated him, he'll hate me."

She was quiet, but when I opened my eyes to look at her, she didn't have her usual witchy expression. Instead, she shrugged. "Let's go on a mission and find out for sure-he'll never even know." She grinned deviously.

"But I can't get hold of Leona," I said.

Chloe laughed. "She's out with Chris. I saw them tonguing over at Cavallo's."

"We don't say, 'tonguing,' Chloe. Making out is more appropriate. Wait. They were making out?"

"Sure were. Really going for it, too. Apparently, they're back together."

I narrowed my eyes at her. This girl had the pulse of the entire school. She was like a ready-made James Bond character-albeit an evil one. But a talented one nonetheless.

"And, yes," she added. "I read their e-mails to find out what happened. They got back together earlier this afternoon. He forgives her. She misses him. Yadda yadda."

"Whoa." I couldn't believe that Leona hadn't called me immediately following her reconciliation. Then again, I knew what it was like to get swept up in the moment. Good for her!

Chloe flipped her wrist and glanced at her watch. "Look, there's a meeting in, like, a half hour. Do you want to go or not?"

I bit down on my lip, unsure of what to do. I really wanted Leona or even Izzie's opinion on this. Just then, Chloe stood up, looking me square in the eye.

"We're teammates now," she said more sincerely than I'd ever seen her. "I'm all in on this, Tessa. Sure, I may have hated your guts-pretty passionately-but I'm over all that now. I'm a Smitten Kitten. I've memorized the effing handbook. So if you're ready to put the past behind us and rebuild our team, then I'm here to do it with you."

Her eyes were twinkling, determination painting her cheeks pink. I couldn't believe I was about to do this. I couldn't believe I trusted her. "You said, 'effing.'"

She smiled. "Told you I memorized the handbook."

I nodded with a short laugh and watched as Chloe held out her hand to help me up. In some alternate universe, we may have always been friends. But here and now, this was a start. And I was scared as heck about it.

But I took her hand anyway.

To the Wildcat's Den Editor:

I must take exception to Mr. Jimenez's comments to the editor on October 10th. I understand his frustration with being caught cheating in the girls' bathroom last year, but to be honest, it's his own dang fault! It is irresponsible for him to blame others for his own adulterous actions.

And I find it highly offensive that Mr. Jimenez would call for the dissolution of the Smitten Kittens when he knows perfectly well that they are the most successful Washington High sports team. And, yes, cheerleading is a sport.

I think the real problem here is not that SOS investigates cheaters. The problem is that cheaters exist in the first place.

By the way, be sure to check out the Smitten Kitten's new halftime routine. Word is out that the Guinness World Records will be there to document it. Apparently, it is the highest, twistiest, and most dangerous cheer ever attempted.

Keep smiling!

An anonymous, concerned student

Chapter 20

Outside, it was darker than I'd anticipated, and when I climbed out of Chloe's passenger seat, I noticed that the sequins and sparkles on my crutches weren't exactly subtle. I wished I had a cane. Hm ... something cute. Maybe rosewood?

"Tessa, are you coming?" Chloe whispered harshly from behind her car. Right.

I tossed one crutch into the backseat and used the other to lean on for my bad ankle. Running would be impossible, but at this point, they already knew we were spies. How much escaping would I really have to do?

"I have the equipment," Chloe said before zipping closed a black backpack and putting it over her shoulders. "Did we want to record or just do reconnaissance?"

"No recording. This is personal."

My face stung. I'd just kissed Joel the other night. And it had been ... nice. He was nice. I had to believe this was a setup, just like all the other times I'd suspected my boyfriends of things. I wouldn't be so naive this time. I would get proof.

"Let's go." I limped ahead, careful to stick to the darkened, out-of-bounds area of the field. My entire body was humming with adrenaline. I'd find out the truth tonight, and then I could focus on what was left of my high school career.

When we paused just outside the door, I reached to pull down my black cap, tucking my hair underneath. It wasn't exactly necessary, but it made me feel a little more professional to dress the part.

Chloe stood next to me, but as I took a loud breath, she touched my arm. "I can do this alone."

I looked sideways, meeting her carefully lined brown eyes. Chef Boyardee! She really did want to help. I sort of felt like a heel for being so mean to her these past few weeks. But it also made me think of something else.

"Do you think people can change?" I asked her suddenly. Because it was clear to me now that this wasn't the same girl that had attacked me last year.

She dropped her arm and stepped back, seeming to think about it. Then she looked at me. "Yeah. I do. Is this about me ... or Aiden?"

I smiled and glanced toward the grass. "I guess it's about Aiden."

"Can I tell you something?"

Uh-oh. Never a good start to a question. "Sure."

"Aiden's a good guy." She pressed her lips together, looking nostalgic. "In fact, he's the perfect guy. For you. You may not care what I think, but I'm saying this from a place of cynicism. Aiden has tried to move on-I read his e-mails, too."

I snorted. "You really have to stop doing that."

"I will. But the point is, he couldn't move on. You should see his draft folder. All messages to you. All saying he's sorry. All saying he misses you. It's a little Pathetic Wholesale Club in there. A bit of a turnoff."

"Aiden sends me e-mails," I said. "I know that he's sorry." I tried to sound matter-of-fact, but I just sounded sad. It made me melancholy to think of Aiden spending so much time on the internet torturing himself.

"He sends you some," she agreed. "But what you haven't seen is what he does when you're not around. He told Mary-very politely, if that helps-that he was in love with you and would spend his life trying to win you back. He threatened nearly every guy in school that if they tried to hurt you in any way, he and his college buddies would make a stop in Redmond to kick some ass. He's transferring schools because he's hoping you'll go to U of O and be closer to him." Chloe threw back her head and laughed, a deep throaty sound. "He even made you a freaking presentation!"

"A what?"

"Presentation! The Top Ten reason why Tessa Crimson should go out with me."

"That's how he got me to date him in the first place!" Just thinking about that moment during my freshman year made tears spring to my eyes. He had gotten up onstage in front of everyone at the assembly, and instead of giving a speech on recycling, he recited the 'Top Ten Reasons Tessa Crimson Should Go Out with Me.' He had handouts." I covered my mouth, not sure whether I wanted to cry or laugh.

"Yeah?" Chloe raised an eyebrow. "Romantic. Anyway, it was probably one of the stupidest things I've ever read-I mean, seriously? You're like a ball of sunshine? How is that a reason to date?" She waved her hand. "So here's my unsolicited advice: Even if Joel didn't rat you out. Even if he's the nicest guy you've ever met. He didn't write you an effing presentation, and he certainly isn't ruining his life for you. You belong with Aiden. And trust me, a good boy is hard to find."

I stood there in disbelief. Did Chloe just read me the riot act? Did she just shrink my entire dilemma down to one simplified paragraph of dialogue? How did she get so dang good at spying and relationship advice?

"Crap!" Chloe grabbed my arm and pulled me sideways around the corner, backing us up against the wall. I nearly dropped my crutch!

"What-"

"Shhh ..." Just then I heard the sound of male voices close by. I held my breath and pushed my back against the brick. It was time.

The locks of the field house door clicked as it opened. To avoid being seen, Chloe and I slunk around the back of the building, just as the inside lights flicked on. We found the window near the showers, and luckily it was still ajar.

"You first," Chloe said. I looked back at her with my lip curled. She rolled her eyes. "Because I can give you a boost. You have a broken bone, remember?"

"Of course." She had me there. There was rustling inside, what sounded like a chair screeching across the floor, and I knew that the coast in the shower room was clear.

Carefully, Chloe bent her knee so that I could stand on it with my good foot. When I got up high enough, I peered in. Perfectly empty. On my belly, I slid into the room, taking special precautions not to injure my foot as I climbed through. My crutch would have to wait outside.

Once in the shower stall, I moved aside and watched as Chloe pulled herself up through the window. She was amazingly athletic. I was a bit in awe of her.

She checked her watch and then pointed to the first stall closest to the door. I nodded. Gingerly stepping on my boot, I limped with her to take cover and set up surveillance. The shower-room door was open just enough for us to peek out into the main area.

And I saw him. Joel was sitting on the bench, his elbows on his knees as he leaned forward and listened. Blaze was swinging his arms animatedly, cursing about how "one of his boys" had just gotten caught cheating. I reset my stance-just because Joel was here now didn't mean that this was all his doing. Everyone knew about us; so it wasn't like we were a secret.

Joel exhaled heavily. "I don't know what you want me to say, Blaze. How about you guys stop cheating?"

"Fuck you, man. How about you tell your little girlfriend to stop spying?"

Joel smiled as if he were fondly thinking of me. "I have. She's nothing if not stubborn."

He really was too sweet. I could feel Chloe shifting next to me to get a better look. I noticed for the first time that she smelled like vanilla, and it wasn't unpleasant. Somehow I had expected brimstone.

"She's a pain in the ass," Blaze said.

"Watch it." Joel stood up, and I felt a new surge of attraction for him. See! He was defending my honor. He didn't give us up.

Blaze put up his hands apologetically. "Sorry. It's just ... man, we had them. I thought this shit was done. I thought you were going to take care of it?"

My stomach hit the floor.

"Look," Joel said, "I didn't do this so that you guys can just go on cheating! I did it because it was unethical."

Blaze snorted. "Ethics? Come on, man."

Joel shook his head and looked around the room. But when his eyes touched on the shower-room door, I gasped and moved quickly out of the way. Ginger snaps! Did he see me?

Chloe grasped my arm as we both stood with our backs to the tiled shower wall. I could feel her trembling. I guess she was human after all.

"You okay?" she mouthed.

Okay? It hit me. It was true. Joel had been the one that told Blaze and the football team about us. He was the reason my high school career had fallen apart. I thought he ... well, I thought he liked me.

Ethics? SOS was trying to instill morality at our school. We were helping fight crimes of the heart! My hurt suddenly turned to anger. I was going to talk very sternly with him the moment I got-

"Why don't you go ahead and take off?" I heard Joel say. I took the chance and peeked back through the doorway. He was talking to Blaze.

"Yeah, whatever. Just remember, those bitches were wrong. Not us."

Joel's jaw clenched, and he turned his back on Blaze and sat back down on the bench, once again resting his elbows on his knees. It seemed that Mr. Fletcher had bitten off more than he could chew with his stupid, deceptive mouth. Oo ... I was so ticked.

I waited as Blaze stormed out, still cursing under his breath. The minute the main door closed, Joel sniffled and sat up. "Hi, Tessa."

For a second I froze, not sure if I should answer. I was ... spying, after all. Chloe pushed me, and I catapulted forward, catching the door to stop from falling on my face. When I looked back, she shrugged.

"Believe me," she said, "you'll thank me for that later."

"Still rude." I watched as she made her way back through the shower room and hiked herself up and out the window. When her sneaker was out of sight, I turned to Joel as he stared at me. We were alone.

"Do you hate me?" he asked.

"Maybe." He looked so distraught. His usually adorable hair was a bit too shaggy, his clothes were wrinkled as if he'd thrown them on at the last minute. His face was pale.

He smiled sadly. "I wanted to tell you," he said. "But after you broke your ankle ... I just chickened out."

"You do that a lot."

Joel laughed and then sighed heavily. "I didn't mean for it to go down like this. I just figured if they knew who you were, you'd stop spying. They'd stop cheating. You know, delusional optimism." He paused. "I told you about my parents, about how cheating had destroyed them both. I didn't want to watch the cycle repeat itself-the cheating and the catching. The revenge. It's not right, Tessa. You shouldn't spy on people."

"Joel, every guy we've ever investigated ended up with a confirmed cheat. There's not much optimism in that." I already felt my anger fading. In a way, I appreciated his glass-half-full outlook on life. But he hadn't seen the things we had. He didn't know that the cheating never went away.

I limped forward and sat next to him on the bench, both of us staring ahead.

"How did you find out, anyway?" I asked. "Kira?"

He shook his head. "Naw. It really didn't take a genius-granted there are no geniuses on this football team. Basically, when I heard about SOS last month ... I knew. You and Kira both disappearing all the time. Unreachable. There's only so much practicing one squad can do. I put two and two together. After that, all I had to do was get a quick peek at your phone. From there, I got your account, the forms, the list. All of it."

"You're too smart." I smiled, still looking ahead. I should have known that someone would eventually figure it out. We'd been sloppy with our cover stories lately. And it didn't help that Joel had dated both Kira and me. He had really gotten a good glimpse into the squad.

He exhaled roughly. "Then I went to Blaze, gave him the information I'd gathered. I didn't know he was going to set you up like that. Please believe I would have never put you in that situation." He reached out to touch my hand, and I looked down at it. This was all just so sad. Such a tragic misunderstanding-almost like a Shakesperarean play. Well, except that nobody killed themselves. Or ruined a kingdom or anything.

"I believe you," I said.

"So what do we do now?" he asked. "I messed up pretty bad, and I tried, but I can't seem to fix it. The guys want your head on a platter."

I gasped.

"Figuratively," he said quickly. I blew out a relieved breath and looked at him.

"You don't have to do anything, Joel. The Smitten Kittens already have a plan-starting with the cheer for the big game. We'll get it figured out." A lump began to form in my throat. I could feel the mood changing as I chewed on my lip.

"Shit. You're breaking up with me, aren't you?" He tried to smile, but his hazel eyes were glassing over. "I just got you, and I'm already losing you."

I fought back the tears that were starting to fall and leaned over to hug him. He squeezed me, resting his face in my hair. He still felt good. It still felt like it could work. Maybe I should forgive him.

Still holding me, he leaned close to my ear. "Although I think we both know you were never really going to be mine." I squeezed my eyes shut, wanting to deny it, but I didn't.

Joel and I stayed like that for a while until I pulled back and wiped at my face. "I'm sorry we didn't work out," I said truthfully. "Despite this," I waved my arms around, "you're a super guy."

"And you're a tough girl to hold on to. Never could get close enough."

His words rang true in my head. There was always something keeping me from him. I used to think it was Kira. Or Aiden. But it was me. I never fully committed to our routine.

"Do you hate me?" he asked, reaching over to wipe one last tear from my cheek.

I looked into my lap and then at him. "No. I think I'm big on forgiveness lately."

"Good girl." Joel leaned forward and ever-so-gently kissed my lips. Just a peck. A completely sweet, caring movement.

I smiled as he pulled back. "Thank you."

And with that, I slowly stood up, my crutch still somewhere in the grass outside. I limped toward the main door, and Joel raced ahead, pulling it open for me. I nodded at him.

"Least I could do." He was still so charming.

When we got outside, I let him walk me around the building to where my crutch sparkled from the ground. When Joel bent down to pick it up, I cleared my throat.

"You know that Leona is going to want to kick your rear, right?"

He chuckled. "Yep. Been practicing my self-defense techniques."

"Well," I steadied myself and began moving forward. "I think she and Chris have made up so you may get a reprieve."

"Ah ... a last minute pardon."

"Possibly."

Joel walked me all the way across the field to where Chloe was leaning on her car, watching us. "You're still alive," she said to Joel when we approached.

"So are you."

"Touche." Chloe smirked at me and then walked to get in the driver's seat. Joel opened the back door and put my crutch in there for me.

"Miss Crimson," he said, motioning toward the passenger door, "I guess I'll see you around then." Joel stared at me, some color returning to his cheeks from the cool air, his eyes no longer glassy but still sad. I did care about him. I honestly did. But I think we both knew it wasn't in the way he wanted me to. I'd never love him.

"Good night, Joel." And I got in the car.

From: Kira Reynolds

"We'll perform the Triple Licorice Twist. It's stellar."

She gasped. "Really?"

"Really. It's dangerous. It's crazy. But, hey, when have the Smitten Kittens ever been afraid of a little danger? Only thing,"-I held up my finger-"I'm the flyer. I won't put any of you at risk. It's just not safe."

"But your leg?" Kira asked.

I smirked. "I almost think it could be an asset. Something to show how dedicated we really are. Now,"-I clapped my hands-"let's get practicing."

Turns out cheering with only one good leg is really flipping hard! But I wouldn't give up. We spent close to three days mounting and unmounting. Perfecting a basket catch that would save me from hitting the ground on my bad ankle. I just needed to flip. It was difficult, but it could be done. And it would be delicious.

Leona had the idea to leak the story of our amazing cheer to the newspaper-pointing out that ESPN would be there to film it. Technically, they weren't just there for us, but we needed all the publicity we could get.

They ended up running a column about our "death-defying stunt." Leona may have exaggerated a little, but it did the job. It created a buzz. Sure, some people were still catcalling or cursing, but that seemed to die down a bit. Just enough for me to focus.

The night after I found out about Joel, I'd sent Aiden a text message, thanking him. I couldn't really think of anything else to say. He returned his usual, "Of course, baby." But this time, it didn't make me cringe. I was getting used to the word again. And I decided to leave Mr. Awesome in my phone. It was sort of fitting.

When Saturday came, I took three Extra Strength Advil before the squad and I were going to have a pregame practice. We were all nervous. Word was that the game was sold out-the first time since Phil Collins! My parents had made an extra-large puff paint sign that read, "GO SMITTEN KITTENS," rather than the Wildcats. I appreciated their support.

On the field, Kira was out on the grass, stretching out her split. "Hey!" she called as I went to sit next to her.

"Hey."

"Nervous?" she asked, bending to one side and then the other.

"A little. No, scratch that. A lot."

Kira paused and looked me over. "You don't have to do this for me."

I watched Kira's blue eyes take me in, her blond curls blowing in the breeze. I liked being by her side again. I'd missed being her friend. "Yes, I do," I answered.

Her mouth twitched into a smile, and she reached out to touch my leg. "Can I admit something to you?"

"Anything."

"Joel and I talk every night. He's my best friend." She paused. "Nothing romantic has gone on, but I thought you should know... . I was hoping something would. I was always hoping he'd choose me. I'm still in love with him."

I pressed my lips together and looked at the grass, her confession stinging a bit, but not unbearably so. I met her eyes again. "I know. And you have my blessings."

She nodded, pulling her hand back to stretch again. After a minute of silence, I thought of something. "K, remember when you wanted to talk to me about the handbook? What did you want to change?"

"Oh." She stopped a minute, thinking. "I updated it. I was wondering if you'd take a look."

Well, that was great of her. I'd been meaning to update that thing ever since Mary Rudick tried to steal my boyfriend. She didn't exactly evoke the best feelings in me. "That's spectacular, Kira. I'd love to."

There was a loud whistle, and we looked up to see the rest of the squad arriving. The sea of maroon and gray uniforms and pom-poms made my heart pump.

It was almost time. Out in the parking lot, a bus pulled up with the ESPN logo painted on it. Fancy!

"Ready or not," I said to myself, climbing to my feet, "here we come."

I looked out over the crowd. The wind was blowing, and my throat was tight with anxiety. The audience in the front row of the cheer section were supporters. Smitten Kitten signs from both of my parents and some of our past clients. ESPN had set up their cameras near the field post, and I was keenly aware that the operator must have had a thing for cheerleaders. He panned over our legs more than once.

But then, up near the top of the bleachers, were guys-ones who weren't exactly fans. They booed to let us know.

As we stood in formation on the sidelines, waiting for halftime, Blaze Harmon-who was walking off an on-field collision-walked directly between us. He was carrying his maroon helmet at his side, black smeared under his eyes. He looked menacing. When he passed by, he snorted, then spit toward Chloe. Barely missing her.

"Hey, Harmon," she called casually as he continued to walk away. He looked over his shoulder at her, a snide expression on his face. She smiled sweetly. "Next time you try to spit on me, I'll knee your nuts so hard they'll rename you Nancy."

Leona choked on her laughter. Blaze's face fell as he looked between us and then limped back toward his bench. I didn't correct Chloe's statement. It was about time the Smitten Kittens grew a set of claws.

Just then the buzzer sounded for halftime. My breath caught in my chest, and I darted a look over to ESPN's cameras. This was it. As if sensing the tension, some people in the bleachers stood up. My mother clutched the collar of her turtleneck. My father put his arm around her and gave me a thumbs-up.

It was showtime.

I used my crutches, now even more bedazzled, as we hurried out into center field. Once there, I laid them off to the side and took a deep breath as the girls formed two lines behind me.

"Ready? Okay." I began, my projection reaching the crowd, my voice ringing with confidence even though I didn't entirely feel it. I kept my knee bent as I did the arm movements, and the girls did a full-scale cheer behind me. I tried to concentrate.

Chloe zoomed past me, in front of the squad, as she did backflip after backflip until she was out of sight. Izzie and Kira did simultaneous cartwheels that got them back to the building spot. Now.

"And when we're done," I yelled, hopping backward until I felt Leona's steady hand at my back. As carefully as I could, I began to climb. It seemed like forever, and I heard the girls echo my cheer line, signaling me. I was almost there.

At the top, Izzie grinned at me, her hands ready to clasp my feet. And I was there, on top of the largest pyramid we'd ever built. On top of the best group of cheerleaders ever assembled.

I screamed the last line, ready to take the leap. "You'll see we've won!"

I jumped. Twisting, turning, tucking and ... falling. My boot was heavy, and as I tried to bring it around for the last move of the Licorice Twist, gravity wouldn't let me. It was pulling me toward Earth faster than I could spin.

As if I were having an out-of-body experience, I heard Leona yell out, and the girls scrambled to get in position for the basket catch. But we had horribly misjudged the timing. Trying to avoid a face-plant in the grass, I got my legs underneath me and braced for the impact.

Control top pantyhose! This was going to hurt.

I landed hard, my ankle in the cast immediately buckling on impact. I screamed, falling to my knees, the pain vibrating up my entire leg. Twisting my stomach. Banging into my head. I'd never felt anything like it as I writhed on the ground, my cast splitting and a little bit of blood visibly leaking out.

I realized-my only clear thought-that I didn't just break my ankle this time; I had broken my leg. We'd failed.

"Oh, my God!" I heard Kira's frantic voice, but I couldn't even open my eyes. I was praying for the shock to numb me. Hadn't I heard that going into shock stopped the pain?

There was yelling all around me, and I dug my fingers in the field, my nails embedding in the dirt underneath the grass. Someone was brushing back my hair. Someone else told me to hang on.

"Get the f**k out of the way!"

And I breathed. A big breath of air filled me, and I slowly turned my head to see Aiden bending over me.

"Christ, Tessa. Your f**king bone is sticking out."

"Ew, really?" Ah, this was the shock. But they lied! It still hurt like H-E Double Hockey Sticks!

Aiden stared at me and let out an I-can't-believe-you laugh. Then he plopped himself down in the grass next to me and put my head in his lap, wiping my tears off my cheeks.

"Can't move you off the field," he said quietly among all the screaming.

They're calling an ambulance." I stared up at him, his face pale from either the sight of blood or the scare I'd given him. Maybe both.

"What are you doing here?" I asked, my voice thick from tears. "I didn't know you'd be in town." He shrugged.

"Chloe called me. Said you were doing something really stupid. Like jumping off a human pyramid with a cast on."

I went to laugh, but stopped myself. I found that if I stayed completely still and tried not to breathe, it didn't hurt as much. Ouch.

Kira came into view above me. Her mascara was running down her cheeks and her palms were pressed together in front of her lips. "I'm so sorry," she said.

"It's not your fault. I didn't factor in the weight of the cast times the-"

The siren of an ambulance broke through the air. Thank goodness. I needed a shot of some really good stuff right about now.

"Honey?" My mother rushed over, kneeling at my side. She looked down at my leg and then at my father. He took off his glasses and stared sternly at me.

"I thought I told you not to hurt yourself again?"

I couldn't help it. Despite the incredible pain in my leg, I laughed. Only for a second before I winced.

Aiden's hand lay protectively behind my neck before his other hand slid down to touch mine. At first, we didn't move-although people around us were visibly frantic-we just sat there, his hand against mine, neither of us technically holding.

Aiden bent down to kiss my forehead, adjusting my head in his lap. The world was so loud, but right here, between us ... it was peaceful. It was so strawberry smoothie.

"Clear a path, please," I heard an authoritative voice shout. Then the EMTs came running forward, a gurney with them. I was never so glad to see someone in the medical field.

Before we could even say anything, Aiden's hand moved away from mine as the EMTs began to assess the damage. The taller one with the mustache looked at me, a disbelieving expression on his face.

"Were you cheering with a broken ankle?"

"Yep."

"Brilliant," he said and shook his head.

"Thank you!"

Out of the corner of my eye, I caught the ESPN camera pointed in my direction. I wondered if he'd caught the fall. Darnit. I can't believe I messed up the routine.

Aiden and my parents stayed close by as the EMTs got me on the gurney and began to wheel me off the field. They assured me that I had indeed broken my leg-possibly in three different places. Well, I was nothing if not an overachiever.

And just as I was about to exit the field, the weirdest thing happened. There

was ... applause. Over the loudspeaker, I heard the announcer: "And it looks like our Smitten Kitten is going to be okay!"

I lifted my head slightly to see that in the stands people were up and cheering, looking concerned but grateful that I was alive. Even the football team was clapping from the bench, their helmets off with respect. Well, other than Blaze Harmon, who sat fully uniformed and looking in the opposite direction. That boy needed some sparkles of his own.

"Wow," Leona said, appearing and putting a pom-pom in the gurney next to me. "Looks like all we needed to be popular again is to nearly kill ourselves. Good to know for the future." She smiled and pointed at the pom-pom she'd given me. "So you know we're thinking about you."

Leona. She was the kitten's meow. I was so lucky to have her. Have all my friends. For a second, I felt like Dorothy in The Wizard of Oz. The part where she wakes up and sees all of her friends and family. It was surreal. But then again, I didn't think Dorothy had her leg broken in three places!

"Who's riding with us?" the driver asked as he opened the double doors to the back of the ambulance. The lights were still swirling, and I felt a little dizzy.

"You go ahead," my father said to my mother. But just before she climbed in, I touched at her arm.

"I want Aiden," I murmured softly.

My mother turned to look at me, probably thinking I was out of it, but then her face cleared and she smiled softly. "Okay, then. We'll be right behind you, sweetheart."

I thanked her and as they lifted me into the back of the van, I caught Aiden looking at me. His green eyes were beautiful, a devious twinkle to them. He licked his lips and glanced away as if he hadn't just been staring. Sigh. He was the most fantastic thing I'd ever known.

After I was settled, Aiden started to climb in when the ambulance guy stopped him. "Hold on a second," he said, sounding impatient. "Who are you?"

I smiled to myself and Aiden caught my eye. "He's my boyfriend," I said. Without any noticeable reaction, Aiden got into the ambulance and brought his long legs under him as he leaned close to my bed. The doors shut and as one EMTs worked off my cast, Aiden snuggled his head onto the pillow next to me. His fingers, gentle and tender, slid down my arm, tickling me. And when he got to my palm, he paused.

"The reasons Tessa Crimson should go out with me," he whispered so that only I could hear him. "Number ten: She looks very perky in her cheerleading uniform." I giggled and felt a breathy laugh on my neck as he continued. "Number nine: She can make me smile with all of her cute phrases. Number eight: She-"

I turned to him, my nose nearly touching his. "I've heard this before," I murmured.

"Not number one."

I smiled. "Ball of sunshine."

"Nope."

"Then what?"

"Number one: Because I love her." Only he didn't whisper it. He said it as if it were something that was so true, something that was just a fact. Like he was telling me that whipped cream was delicious or puppies were cute. He said it as if he meant it.

I intertwined my fingers with his, looking at him. In him. Because he was my guy. Aiden would always be my only guy.

Epilogue

I sat on the top bleacher, my braced leg resting on the empty seat ahead of me as I observed practice. The gym had been newly remodeled, which would be a huge draw for the basketball finals. In fact, the ESPN crew would be returning, this time with broadcasters.

The Fall Heard Round the World had become a Web sensation. It was even on Sport's Center's Top 10. I used to get mad at Aiden for watching it over and over again. But he said that he was just proud that his girlfriend made the Clip of the Week.

At the game, the Wildcats had been slaughtered by the Ducks (as usual), but no one seemed to remember that. Instead, my disastrous cheer had gotten nearly three million hits on youtube. As a result, the games were sold out for the rest of the season. It was considered a job well done for the Smitten Kittens.

"Line up," Leona shouted from center court. My mouth twitched with a smile as the Smitten Kittens took their spots for their final routine run-through.

"Popcorn?"

I looked sideways at Aiden as he held out the bag of popcorn he'd picked up from 7-Eleven. He said it would help me with the transition if I ate popcorn in the stands like a true spectator, but I think he was just hungry.

"Thanks." I took a handful and watched him. He was dressed in a red Oregon State University T-shirt and baggy khaki shorts, his blond floppy curls sticking out every which way. When I reached over to smooth them down, he tried to bite my hand.

"Stop!" I laughed. Instead, he leaned over and pretended to bite at my neck. Which I really didn't want him to stop.

"Ready? Okay." The routine began, and both Aiden and I turned to the court.

"Is she really that good?" he murmured, his breath warm on my neck.

"Just watch."

"Can't be as good as you."

Even though I wasn't on the court, which still stung a little, I was more than happy to be in the stands with Aiden. After my operation-six pins and a titanium plate-I wouldn't be cheering any time soon. The actual word the doctor used was never, but he obviously underestimated my tenacity. Aiden had become my personal physical therapist, helping with strength training, endurance ... and well, lots of other super-fun stuff.

We were encouraged by my progress so far.

Aiden was granted a temporary leave from college as he regrouped and transferred to OSU. Luckily, it wouldn't affect his scholarship, and in fact, it put us in the same graduating class and only forty-five minutes away from each other.

I'd decided that I never really wanted to go to WSU-it was just that Aiden was supposed to be there. Now that he was a Beaver, there wasn't much of a reason. And with the year almost out, I'd been accepted to the University of Oregon for their Kinesiology program. I planned to work in sports medicine, which would be pretty awesome, considering how much I enjoyed being around athletes.

But officially-I was now a Duck. Ironic.

"Dunk it!" Chloe yelled, projecting her voice through the gymnasium. "Slam it! Get that ball!"

I reached over for more popcorn as Aiden straightened, watching intently as Chloe led the squad in their cheer. "Damn," he said, shaking his head. "She's good."

"Watch it," I said through a mouthful of popcorn.

"Psht. Like I even look at anyone else." He tilted his head to glance at me, batting his eyelashes. "You're the only girl I have eyes for."

"Stalker eyes."

"You know it."

I laughed, leaning into Aiden and resting my head on his shoulder. We had indeed become smoother than ever-completely and sickeningly perfect together. Leona let me know on several occasions.

Unfortunately her relationship with Chris didn't make it past my final cheer. They broke up later that night amid a slew of insults. She later admitted that part of the reason she took him back in the first place was because she couldn't stand the idea of him dumping her. She felt that she needed the closure of being the one to call it quits.

She had rebounded nicely though. She was now dating a guy from WSU-someone that Aiden knew-and we double-dated often. It was cool, especially because we all loved sports.

There were squeaking noises as Kira and Izzie moved across the court, doing cartwheels, their sneakers giving off the perky sound that I loved. It was great to see Izzie so vibrant again. She continued therapy through the season, but soon she was off medication.

She'd relapsed briefly-I caught her texting Sam-but we'd reacted quickly this time. No more letting her slip through the cracks. She was coming with me to U of O next year. She was going to be my roommate.

Just then Kira's sneaker caught the edge of Leona's, and she stumbled a bit but straightened and started laughing. "My bad," she called before clapping and counting off again. They sprang back into action, Kira's blond curls flying all around her shoulders as she turned head over feet.

It had been strange when I returned to school after my fall. First, because I had to be in a wheelchair for three weeks. The gym hadn't been handicapped accessible, but thanks to Leona's father, a lawyer, they'd remodeled the entire thing. It was a victory for students everywhere.

Anyway, after I'd gotten back, I was popular again. People were talking to me; football players were hitting on me (not that I cared). Blaze Harmon even apologized. Of course, it was after school while I was standing with Aiden, but I doubted that had anything to do with it.

Kira and I had forgiven each other completely, even hanging out a few times, just the two of us. It wasn't the way it had been before-I knew it never could be-but we'd reached a comfortable place. One we could both smile about.

And it seemed that she and Joel had worked out some sort of quiet, sweet friendship-one that wasn't up for discussion with the Kittens. Leona and I had speculated that they were back together once, but then Kira went on a date with Rhett. So we weren't entirely sure. She liked her privacy now, and we respected that.

I sighed as I watched the Smitten Kittens, building a base for Chloe to climb. "I should go out there," I murmured, straightening up as they got ready to fly.

"Baby," Aiden said. "You don't need to go out there. You're like the most famous cheerleader that's ever lived. Five thousand Facebook fans can't be wrong."

I laughed. Just then I caught my breath as Chloe leapt in the air, her arms wrapped tightly over her chest, her legs perfectly straight. Her form was held until just before they caught her. I twitched my mouth. She'd have to work on that. Maybe a few more run-throughs and she'd have it. She'd been training hard.

Chloe Ferril was a natural-born cheerleader. Despite her years of disliking cheerleaders, she'd found that her school spirit was both infectious and less annoying than ours. People really seemed to relate to her and her brand of sarcasm. She occasionally swore and often gave dirty or rude looks, but they were always coupled with a brilliant idea or a new plan. SOS had never been stronger.

Of course, I didn't spy anymore. I couldn't. And although I thought it would bother me, it didn't. Leaving our organization in capable hands somehow made it easier.

Chloe made a great captain.

"Nice job!" I called from the bleachers, clapping as they headed for their water bottles. Izzie waved and Kira blew me a kiss. Leona was already on her phone, and Chloe was standing by herself, silently redoing her move. She was a perfectionist.

"You ready to go?" Aiden asked, standing up and stretching his long legs. When his arms were above his head, his T-shirt lifted just enough to show off his amazing athletic abs. He caught me looking.

"Be quiet," I said before he teased me. He laughed and instead took my arm and pulled me to my foot/cast.

Once standing, Aiden put his warm hands on either side of my face as he looked down at me. His green eyes were my most favorite color in the world, and I stared back into them, ready to get lost forever.

Instead, he smiled the huge, goofy grin of Mr. Awesome. "You're so insanely in love with me, Tessa. What are you going to do with yourself?"

I laughed, my body tingling. "Question is what are you going to do with me, point guard?"

"Mm ..." he said, pressing his lips together as if he had to think about it. "That's a tough one. But I do have some ideas."

"I bet."

He licked his bottom lip, everything about him sexy. Mine.

"I do love you," I said seriously, my hand tangling in the soft fabric of his T-shirt.

With a satisfied look, he leaned in to kiss me, his mouth the perfect fit against mine. And as he pulled back, he brushed the back of his finger softly against my cheek and smiled. "I know you do, baby. Now shut up and kiss me."

