Chapter One

Fable

"Let's get married."

I glance up from my phone to find Drew standing in front of me, his gaze locked on my face. Exhaustion lines his beautiful blue eyes and his dark hair is in complete disarray, the way it usually is after hours of football practice. There's a light sheen of sweat on his forehead, and is that ... blood at the corner of his mouth?

I'm sitting on the couch, texting Owen and asking where he's at, but the little jerk is giving me wishy-washy answers. Not that he's so little anymore, what with the way he towers over me. He'll be a junior in high school this upcoming school year and he's spending most of his summer either working, at football practice, or with Wade.

Causing all sorts of trouble, I'm sure.

I didn't even hear the front door open or close. I'd left it unlocked. We're staying at a rental in a gated community that's part of an ultra-swank neighborhood not too far from the stadium, but still. So not good. If Drew realized I hadn't heard him enter the house, he'd probably be mad. He's so overprotective of me it's ridiculous.

And sexy. Definitely sexy.

In fact, he's pretty damn sexy right now, glowering at me, waiting for an answer. He must've just finished practice-he's all dirty and sweaty, a combination of adrenaline and frustration pouring off him. It vibrates through me, fueling my constant hunger for him to an even higher level, stealing my breath as I continue staring at him. As he continues to stare at me.

"Why are you bleeding?" I ask, because I gotta know. I hate how he's brutalized out on the football field sometimes. As the quarterback, he doesn't take extreme hits like other players. But at this moment he's got blood on his beautiful face and I don't like it.

He waves a hand, dismissing my question. Something's wrong and I wish I knew what. But as usual, he's not blurting everything out. Not telling me his secrets. His worries. His desires. He likes to hold these things close to his chest. Still.

But I don't mind prying them out of him. I'm patient. I'm in love.

Soon, I will be Fable Callahan. I've earned the freaking privilege to call myself that, too. It's not easy being with Drew. Yet I wouldn't trade my life with anyone.

I try a different tactic since he's not answering my question. "We are getting married," I say slowly, trying to calm my riotous heart. When Drew's all worked up like this, it ... arouses me, more often than not. And I don't think he's in the mood for anything like that at the moment. "I even have the engagement ring to prove it." I raise my trembling hand and hold it out to him.

He shakes his head, frustration making his mouth tight. "I don't want to wait any longer, Fable. We're running out of time."

"Running out of time?" I repeat with a frown. "What are you talking about?"

Drew goes down on his knees, his chest brushing against my legs, his upper body obliterating my vision until all I can see and hear and smell is him. The scent of fresh-cut grass and sunshine clings to him, as well as the familiar scent of his soap and sweat. His nose looks sunburned. There are new lines around his eyes from crinkling them against the sun and at this very moment, I find him so unbearably handsome, even with blood at the corner of his mouth, I know without a doubt I'll agree to whatever he's trying to convince me to do. It's just that easy.

And I'm just that simple.

"Training's almost finished and preseason is going to start soon. After that, the regular season kicks off and I'll be busy. Beyond busy. Practice, home games, going out of town, all that bullshit for months. Months, Fable, when you're going to end up staying back at home with Owen and making sure he's going to school, you know? And I'm not against that; we already agreed to the plan." He pauses, his mouth settling in a hard, firm line for a brief moment before he continues. "So when are we going to fit in getting married between all that?"

I part my lips, ready to come up with an answer, but ... I don't have one. I don't know where we could fit in our wedding what with his crazy schedule. Me, I'm free as a bird. I go where he goes.

Well. That's not quite true. As Drew just mentioned, I have Owen to take care of. He's in high school and I need to stay home with him. Drew needs to be in San Francisco since he's playing professional football for the 49ers.

Yes. My boyfriend-whoops, sorry, fiance-is a professional football player. I can still hardly wrap my brain around it.

I'm with him now in Santa Clara while he's in training camp. He was a first draft pick and the Niners snapped him up, just like that. Lots of media attention has already been put on him. He tries his best to avoid it all, but it's hard. He's always been such a private person and I know he's overwhelmed. He talks to me about it a lot and I've spent a lot of time lately reassuring him that everything's going to be all right.

I believe that. I believe in us, and we're both beyond ready to get married. And I do see what he's saying. If the reporters are eager to talk to him now, wait until he actually starts playing in front of a crowd. Whether he does well or not, the speculation will be there, focused solely on him. He wants to avoid the spotlight.

There's no chance that's happening, though. He's already in it. We both are.

"I don't know when we can get married," I finally answer, my voice small. "It sounds like you really don't have the time."

He reaches out and settles those big, warm hands of his on my knees and gives them a squeeze. "Actually, I do, but we gotta make it quick. So ... how about now?"

I meet his gaze, see all the love and worry and anxiousness swirling within the blue depths of his eyes. God, I love him so much. I want to make him happy. I plan on making him happy for the rest of our lives. I can only hope I'm enough.

"Now?" I whisper, my throat aching with the one, simple word. We're deciding our future right now. This is a moment I will never, ever forget.

He nods, his thumb caressing the inside of my knee. Tingles scatter all over my skin at his touch, sending electricity zipping through my veins. The slightest smile curves his lips, the intimate one that's just for me, that no one else ever sees.

I love that smile. I love knowing that what we share isn't for anyone else. But lately in Drew's world I've been feeling ... less than. It's a feeling I used to struggle with constantly, especially when we were first together. His life overwhelmed me completely. I was simple. Some might've called me trash. Okay, fine-lots of people called me trash. Just like Mom. Worthless. Whore. I'd heard those words so many times they meant nothing to me.

Until I met Drew and I wanted to become someone different, someone worthy of him.

Drew was far from simple. Complex and rich and gorgeous, everything seemed to come easy to him. But it didn't. His world was shit. His father was oblivious to what was going on. His stepmother was an evil witch who molested him. He let me into his life, and I changed it for the better.

But what if he finds someone else? What if there really is someone else out there for him, someone better than me? He'll be traveling. On the road with the team, playing games all over the country, and I'll be stuck at home, making sure Owen's getting good grades. I can't pull my brother out of his high school. He's lived his entire life here, has friends, is on the football team. He works at The District, just like I used to. His life is good there.

Drew and I are in love and we want to spend the rest of our lives together. Yet here I sit full of insecurities while this beautiful man is trying to convince me to run away with him and get married.

I mean, really. What the hell is wrong with me?

"Okay." I blow out a harsh breath, trying to gather my wayward thoughts. They're scattered everywhere, trying to figure out what's the best next step when deep down, I already know what that step is. "Where do you want to get married? Vegas?" A quickie marriage had always been the plan. We don't have enough family to warrant throwing a big wedding and we didn't want the hassle anyway.

He grimaces and shakes his head, then moves so he's sitting right next to me on the couch, slinging an arm around my shoulders. Leaning in, he nuzzles my hair with his nose, breathing deep, and I close my eyes when I feel his lips on my forehead. "I was thinking Hawaii," he murmurs.

Drew

Fable pulls away so she can gape at me, her hand resting on my chest. I wonder if she can feel the vibration trembling just beneath my skin, my wildly beating heart. I'm f**king nervous she's going to say no. Why, I'm not sure, because my girl said yes to me a year ago. We just haven't done anything about it yet. "Are you serious?" she asks.

I nod, keeping my expression solemn though everything inside me feels like it's spiraling out of control. What if she says no? What if I'm ruining her dream of having a giant wedding? I don't think I am. She's never mentioned she wanted a huge ceremony. It's not her style. And we've already discussed most of the details, so we're pretty much on the same page. "As a heart attack."

"How long can you get away for?" Her fingers curl into my shirt and I'm having a sense of deja vu. How many times has she pushed at my chest, like she wants to shove me away when really she's always tugging me back. Pulling me in, absorbing me.

And I always want to absorb her. Take her in and make her mine. Again and again and again.

Yeah. I've got it bad right now. It's all the change happening in our lives. I secretly long to return to a simpler time. To the happiest time of my life, only a year ago, when we were falling deeper and deeper in love as every day passed. When I was still in college and she worked at the restaurant full time. When we would go over to Jen and Colin's house and hang out, sometimes bringing Owen with us, along with his friend Wade. Like a happy little family. My heart had been full. Fuller than it had ever felt in my entire life.

I long for that feeling again. I want to fill my heart with nothing but Fable. I need to focus on this girl, this woman who's about to become my wife.

My f**king wife. People say we're too young, but I don't care. When it's right, you know.

And I definitely know.

She's watching me now, those big green eyes shimmering as she waits. She looks ready to cry, and it better not be from sadness.

"How long do you want to take a Hawaiian vacation?" I ask.

A giant grin breaks out across her face. She looks beyond happy. "Can we sit on the beach and sip mai tais?"

"We can do whatever you want." I squeeze her close, press my face against the top of her head. I can smell her shampoo. I close my eyes as the silky, soft strands of her hair tickle my skin.

She tucks her face against my neck, her lips moving against my skin as she speaks. "Romantic sunset ceremony?"

"That sounds perfect," I murmur, because it does. Holding her hands as the sun melts into the ocean, her face dappled with shades of orange and pink and red. She'll have a flower in her hair, the dress she wears will be gauzy and white, and we'll both cry. I know it. I'm not ashamed to admit it, either.

Pulling away slightly, Fable studies me, a little smile curling her lips. I love those lips. I love that smile. She reaches out, smudges her thumb against the corner of my mouth, and I wince, the twinge of pain reminding me that I cut myself earlier when someone tackled me during practice, causing my helmet to somehow hit the corner of my mouth just right.

"What happened?" she murmurs, her thumb lingering on my lips, wiping away at the blood I can't see.

"Got tackled. Knocked my mouth on the helmet when I hit the ground." I grimace when she presses harder. I can't worry about the cut now. I have more important things to focus on. Like our future. "Let's leave next week, Fable. Call up a travel agent or whatever and book the flight."

"I can book the flight for us and find a hotel," she says, her sweet voice soft, her hand dropping away from my mouth. "It's going to be expensive, though, since it's so last minute."

I shake my head. "Money's not an issue." I'm making a shit ton. It's ridiculous. Dad's thrilled. He's so freaking proud his son is going to start in the NFL. I went back to Carmel a few weeks ago. Without Fable, all alone, facing my demons, facing my father. Not one and the same anymore, thank God.

It went well. He took me to the country club where Fable and I had gone with him, and ... yeah. It's hard for me to think about that woman, what she did to me, the guilt I carried for so many years. Fable can hardly say her name out loud. Hell, I bet Dad feels the same way, too.

My stepmom. Adele. The woman who seduced me, who tricked me and my father and everyone else in her life. She killed herself in front of me and Fable. I'm glad she's gone. I don't miss her.

She doesn't deserve to be missed.

While I was in Carmel, I had lunch with Dad and his friends, let him brag all over me. It's the happiest I've seen him in a long time, and sitting there at the table, listening to him go on and on, a mixture of regret and love and pride fills me.

I'm sorry our relationship became so strained. I'm not sorry that his wife died. And I'm thankful he didn't hold her death against me.

After the country club, I told him I was heading straight home, but I didn't. I went to the cemetery instead. I visited Vanessa's grave, setting flowers on it, staring at her name etched in stone until my vision blurred and I blinked the past away. Is she mine? I still don't know. I say no. I pray no.

But none of us will ever know the truth so in my heart, I believe Vanessa is my sister.

That's the way it has to be. Otherwise, I might slowly lose my mind. And I can't have that happen again.

"What about your dad?" Fable asks, and I wonder if she's a mind reader. We're so in tune with each other I wouldn't doubt it for a second. "And Owen? I want them both there, but ..."

"No." I grab her hand and bring it to my mouth, kissing her knuckles softly. "Hawaii is just for us. Our wedding is just for us. When we come back home, we can have a small reception, or a big one, whatever you want. We'll celebrate with our friends." And family, I want to add, but we don't have much family. Only Dad and Owen. Dad mentioned wanting to put something together for us, some sort of party, and I know she might protest so it's better not to mention it.

Better not to mention Fable's mother, either. She doesn't want her mom around and neither do I. She's pulled too many tricks throughout Fable's life, especially lately.

I don't like that woman. Hell, I've never even met her. But Fable hates her and that's enough reason to feel this way.

"Okay." She blows out a harsh breath, her lips turning into a tremulous smile. "I'll look into flights. Ask Jen to take care of Owen, or maybe Wade's mom."

"Fable." Her gaze catches mine when I say her name and I lean in, settling my mouth on hers in a lingering kiss. I taste her, salty sweet. I smell her. I inhale her. The cut in the corner of my mouth hurts but I don't care. "I love you." The words are more like breath, exhaled against her lips, and she closes her eyes on a sigh, little tears like shiny diamonds clinging to her lashes.

"I love you, too." I kiss her again after she says those words, dabbing at the tears with my thumb, catching them on my skin, feeling them sink into me. I've caught her tears more times than I can count. I've kissed her for what feels like forever. I've lost myself deep inside her body over and over.

It never grows old. Ever. My stomach still flips upon that first touch of her lips on mine. The sound of her laughter bleeds through me, suffusing my soul. The sight of her smile, the sound of pleasure that escapes her every single time I enter her ...

This woman is just f**king it for me. She's no longer a girl anymore. The jaded, angry, and defiant girl who was so determined to fight the world is gone, though shades of her still shine through.

I loved that girl. Fiercely. And I love the woman she is now, just as fiercely. She's my fiancee, my future wife, the future mother of my children. Fable is the woman who will always stand by my side.

Forever.

Chapter Two

Fable

Sometimes, when I least expect it, I'm overcome with gratitude. How thankful I am that this beautiful, gentle, sexy man walked into my life so unexpectedly. It still feels like yesterday that I found him waiting outside for me at La Salle's, the wind cold, his expression desperate. I hated him on sight. I didn't care if he was tall and broad and gorgeous. He just wanted to use me.

They all wanted to use me. And like the hopeless girl that I was, I let them.

When Drew asked me to be his fake girlfriend, I was so sure he was like the rest of them. Using me just for his own gain. I also thought he was insane. I told him no. Somehow, I let him buy me anyway. I can still feel shame over that, though it's stupid. He loves me. I know he does. I can't get enough of him and he can't seem to get enough of me.

During that horrible, scary, exhilarating, life-changing week, I forced him to open up to me and I probably shouldn't have done that ...

But I did. I don't regret it, either. I found out things I suspected but didn't want to realize. He was so closed off, such a mystery to me. I had to know, though. I had to find out what bothered him. I knew something was suspicious between him and his stepmother, and when she dropped that bomb that his dead sister may have been his daughter ...

Well. I was too far in by that moment. I'd slept with him. I was falling in love with him. For once in my life, I wanted to be all in with a guy. I wanted to be there for him, and I was.

Then he left. And nearly broke me.

We came together, he ran away, and then we faced our fears. Together. When you struggle for something so good, so right, you cherish it more. You hold it close, nurture it, protect it, make sure you never, ever let your guard down. That's how I feel about my almost husband.

For Drew and me, it's always been about the together. No matter what, it's me and him.

Forever.

The sun melts into the Pacific, casting its gold-tinged-with-pink glow upon the shimmering deep-blue water. Clouds gather, gray and blue backlit with orange, a dazzling sunset the likes of which I've never seen. It's beautiful. I want to stare at it, get lost in all the colors and textures and scents and sounds, but I can't. I'm kinda busy right now.

As in, the minister is saying words of love and devotion and marriage and my hands are in Drew's. He's watching me, that secret smile on his face, his too blue eyes filled with so much love for me I want to cry.

I hold it in, though, because I'm tough. We've had plenty of moments in our lives, both together and apart, to cry over and this is definitely not one of them. We're supposed to be happy. No tears allowed, right? Drew squeezes my hands, as if he knows I'm thinking about crying and trying my hardest not to, and I offer him a tremulous smile.

We're alone on Makena Beach on the south side of the island, our only witness the wife of the man officiating our wedding ceremony. Drew's face is cast in a rosy golden hue; his dark brown hair flutters across his forehead, ruffled by the gentle breeze that washes over us. He's wearing khaki pants that he's rolled up a couple of times and a white button-down shirt, and his feet are bare. Looking casual and beautiful and so painfully handsome, I swear just looking at him makes my eyes hurt.

The waves crash gently on the shore. There's sand in my toes and the hem of my long, white strapless dress is damp, we're standing so close to the water's edge.

But I don't care. I'm too caught up in this moment, too caught up in this man standing before me. Drew repeats the vows the minister says and I press my lips together as I listen to his familiar, deep voice, my vision blurred by tears. I can't stop them. When it's my turn to repeat those same sacred vows, my voice wavers, the words thick in my throat, and I see the shimmer of tears in Drew's eyes, too.

Oh God, we're a couple of total saps, but I don't care. We're in love, damn it. We've fought too hard and struggled for too long and we're reveling in the moment. If we want to cry over our sacred vows to each other, over this, the most important day of our lives, then it's our prerogative.

Drew's intense gaze never leaves me as he entwines his fingers tightly with mine, just as tightly entwined as our hearts are. I can't believe this moment is finally happening. We make promises of love and devotion, both with our words and our hearts and minds. When prompted, I whisper "I do" in my still wavering voice, and Drew smiles at me, squeezing my hands. The two of us, we're destiny. Fate. Kismet. Whatever you want to call it.

The smile that breaks out across his face when I say those two words steals my breath. My heart. My soul. All of me irrevocably now belongs to him. He slips a band on my finger, the diamonds that surround it so big that I audibly gasp. I hadn't expected this and I send him a questioning look, but he only smirks at me in return.

My man is constantly full of surprises.

"I love you," he whispers. "I didn't want you to ever forget it."

"With diamonds this big, I never will," I whisper back, making the minister laugh.

Minutes later, when Drew whispers those same two words that mean he now belongs to me, I slide the platinum band I picked out for him a few days ago onto his ring finger, solidifying our relationship. My heart fills to bursting.

It's a moment I'll never forget. Etched into my memory for all time. The sunset, the beach, the look in my husband's eyes, the way he said he loved me.

We're freaking married now. My legal name is Fable Callahan. Drew Callahan is my husband.

Wild, huh? I am one lucky, lucky girl.

And I know it.

Drew

It probably sounds dumb, but this night with Fable, our first night together as a married couple, has more significance than any other night I've been with her. And we've had some major moments. There was that first night in Carmel when she finally broke down all my walls and we had sex. The night when I went to her place in the pouring rain and begged her to let me inside.

The night when we were finally together again after being apart for a couple of months. Until now, that night meant the most to me by far. To lose her and then get her back ...

I could go on and on. There's no turning back now. We're together. She's mine and I'm hers, and she's going absolutely nowhere.

She's doing whatever preparation a bride does for her groom at this very second, locked away in the bathroom. She's been in there for almost an hour and I know she took a shower; I heard the water running. I paced the hotel suite, stood out on the lanai checking out the view, finally deciding f**k it when she was taking so damn long.

Now I'm lounging in bed completely naked and waiting for my wife. I'm impatient, eager to get her beneath me. We've been so busy, me with training camp and then both of us in full-on preparation mode when we decided to do this wedding thing.

Practice has been tough. We've both been stressed. Our life keeps changing and I'm blown away by it all. I think she is, too. We tend to fall into bed in an exhausted heap together, going right to sleep. Or we have hurried sex-not that it's bad, but I haven't necessarily felt connected to Fable lately.

I hope to rectify that.

Finally, the door opens and she walks out, a f**king vision in white silk and lace. The nightgown is long and clings to her shape, thin straps cross her shoulders, and I swear the entire front is made of nothing but sheer lace. As in, I can clearly see her ni**les.

I almost choke on my tongue just looking at her.

"What do you think?" She sounds nervous as she does a little twirl, revealing the back of the gown, and holy f**k, I'm done for. Her entire back is exposed, it dips so low, almost to her ass, and my fingers itch to touch her.

"Come here and I'll show you exactly what I think," I say when I finally find my scratchy voice.

A smile teases the corners of her lips and she comes to me, the scent of her filling my head, driving me wild. Her hair is down and has a slight wave to it, her face scrubbed free of makeup with cheeks pink from the sun. Her skin practically glows under the faint light from the nearby lamp and I reach out, relief and love and lust flooding my veins when she curls her hand in mine.

"Where did you get it?" She knows exactly what I'm talking about.

She shrugs those pretty, slim shoulders I want to kiss. "Jen took me shopping before we left."

Fable had gone back home for a few days to spend time with Owen before we flew out. The kid was pissed, complaining that he wanted to go to Hawaii. Not that he was mad at us, but he just ... wanted to go to Hawaii. "Well, wherever she took you, I approve."

She laughs, the sound soft and so deliciously Fable, my skin warms. "I wanted to look pretty for you tonight."

"You look pretty for me every day and night," I say automatically because it's true. Not only is she beautiful on the inside, but she's f**king gorgeous on the outside. I see the heads that turn when I show up anywhere with Fable beside me. She barely looks at them. Her eyes are only on me.

"You are too sweet." She dips down and gives me a kiss, but I don't close my eyes. No, my gaze is locked on her chest, the way the front of her nightgown gapes with the movement, and I catch a glimpse of bare skin and tempting pink ni**les.

"Are you checking me out?" she murmurs against my lips just before she pulls away.

"Wearing something like that, you knew this was going to happen." I give her hand a tug and yank her down so she's sprawled across me, nothing but hot, smooth skin and silk and lace fabric. "And wait until you see what I'm wearing."

She wiggles against me, making my c**k rock hard, and I clamp my arm around her waist, holding her still. Carefully I roll her over so she's on her back, her long blond hair splayed all over the pillow, her green gaze soft as she stares up at me. I kick the covers off and crawl on top of her, kissing her before she can say a word, my tongue tangling with hers for long, consuming minutes until I finally come up for air.

"You're wearing nothing," she says breathlessly, and I chuckle.

"I wanted to look special just for you," I return, my mouth at her neck, licking and nibbling and kissing her fragrant skin.

"Now you're just making fun." She swats my shoulder, her voice pouty.

"I would never make fun of my bride on our wedding night." I lift up so I can look at her, wanting her to see just how sincere I am. "Especially when she looks like this."

"Aw." She touches my cheek, her fingers drifting across my skin. "I love it when you say things like that."

"Well, be prepared, wife of mine. I plan on saying all sorts of corny things to you all night long. And for the rest of your life." I toy with the thin strap on her shoulder, slipping my fingers beneath it to caress her bare skin. A shiver moves through her, goose bumps scatter across her shoulder, and slowly, I push the sliver of fabric off. The little strap falls easily, sliding down her arm, and I drop kisses along first one bare shoulder, then the other, cupping her br**sts as I play with her ni**les with my thumbs beneath the thin lace.

"Drew," she murmurs, her hands immediately going into my hair as she guides me, holding me to her chest. "Please. I've waited too long. I want you inside me."

"Waited too long?" I lick at a nipple over the lace, wetting the fabric and her flesh. She gives a little twitch, a gasp escaping her, and I smile. "We've only just begun."

"It's been weeks since we've been together like this. I don't want to wait any longer," she pleads breathlessly. Desperately.

"Don't rush me." I want to take my time but I'm as eager as she sounds. Without thought I'm gathering the hem of her nightgown in my fist, pulling the smooth fabric up her legs, revealing that she doesn't have a stitch on beneath the silk. Everything inside of me goes hot and achy. I'm desperate to unleash on her, show her that she belongs only to me. "I think you need to wear this again tomorrow," I say, my teeth gritted, my entire body shaking with need.

"Why?" She gasps when I kiss her hip, one thigh, then the other. I feel her tremble beneath my lips and I briefly close my eyes, inhale the musky, sweet scent of her. There are so many things I want to do to her but I can't focus. I'm filled with the need to plunge deep inside her and never stop.

Ah, shit. I realize she's waiting for an answer and all I can do is think about how fast I can get inside her.

"Um, because I want to savor you in this pretty gown but I can't. Not right now." I'm pulling it off her and she lifts her arms above her head so I can tug it free, getting her as naked as I am. "You're right. We can linger tomorrow, huh?"

"I suppose we can." Laughter escapes her as she settles her head back on the stack of pillows, her legs spreading to accommodate me between them. "If you want."

"Oh, I definitely want. We can linger tomorrow. Even later tonight." Leaning in, I lick one bare, perfect nipple. "Tomorrow morning." Then I lick the other. "Whenever, wherever, you've got me, baby. I'm all yours."

And that's a f**king promise, I think when I push inside her welcoming body, losing myself inside her just like that. She's hot and wet and tight, clamping so perfectly around my throbbing cock, and I know one thrust would send me straight into oblivion. It's so easy with Fable. So easy it used to scare me. She's so accepting, so loving, so sweet and protective and fierce and blunt and beautiful, and all mine. I'm filled with the urge to possess her. Mark her and f**k her and make her realize she will never belong to any other man.

Only me.

I thrust deep and hard, not being cautious or gentle, and she seems to want it that way too. Her breathless words encourage me, the way her eyes glow as she stares, watching me in wonder. Her fingernails cut into the skin on my ass as she pushes me deeper, as deep as I can get ...

Fuck. I'm done for. Ruined for any other woman. But that already happened years ago, when I first laid eyes on her. I knew then, I had a weird feeling that this girl would change my life.

She has. In the best way possible, too.

"I love you," she whispers against my shoulder as I ram deep inside her. Her slender legs are wound around my hips and she's clinging to me as if she never wants to let me go.

"I love you, too, baby." I feel like I could say it again and again and it wouldn't be enough. I want to give her everything she could ever wish for. I want to make all of her dreams come true. I want no one to hurt her ever, least of all me. I want our life together to be perfect.

Wishful thinking, I know, but a man can hope.

She pushes at my shoulders and I lift up, my hands braced on either side of her head so I can look at her. She smiles up at me, cupping my cheek with her hand, and I turn my head, press a soft, damp kiss to her palm. "I don't ever want to forget this night," Fable whispers. "The night we first made love as husband and wife."

Aw damn, she says that and makes me feel guilty for taking her like a brutal animal. I swallow hard, wanting to make it right for her. "You want me to slow down?" I ask.

"No way." The wicked smile that crosses her face makes me flash one at her in return. "Don't stop, husband. Please."

That is all the encouragement I need. Lifting my hips, I push inside her to the hilt, feeling her arch beneath me, her br**sts brushing against my chest. Our bodies are slick with sweat, the fever inside me seems to match the heat within her, and I reach between us, touching her clit, circling it, stroking her hot, soaked flesh, paying attention to her face because I know the look she gets right before she comes.

Her eyelids flutter, her swollen lips part on a silent moan, and I wait to hear her breath catch just before it happens. Right now she's murmuring nonsense, her eyes are closed and she's arching her head back, inviting me to kiss her neck, which I do. My fingers are coated with her wetness as I continue to stroke, and when I hear the telltale catch in her breath, I lift my head to watch as she whispers my name once, twice, then again as her body starts to quake beneath mine.

My orgasm comes over me like an out-of-control wave, hard and fast and so completely unexpected I freeze above her, my own lips parted as I hang there for a long, agonizing second before it consumes me.

"Ah f**k," I whisper harshly as I collapse on top of her, the aftershocks still coursing through my body, making me shiver. She skims her hands up and down my back, soothing me. Her touch feels so good I feel the urge to purr like a f**king cat, and if that isn't the most ridiculous thought ever. I mean, f**k me. Purr like a cat?

I think sex with my new wife has just sent me into another realm entirely. One I will gladly revisit again and again.

Chapter Three

Fable

This morning, I feel pretty freaking amazing. Recharged and refreshed. The sun is shining on my mostly bared skin and I'm sitting on the private hotel beach, the sound of the surf buzzing in my ears, my husband beside me. I want him. No surprise since we're on our honeymoon and all, but yeah. I'm ready to go back to our beautiful, spacious hotel suite, strip him naked, and push him onto the massive king-sized bed so I can touch and kiss him all over.

I wonder if he wants me like that, too. Or if he's too tired. We went at it all night long. Like crazy teenagers full of lust and hormones. My body aches in places it hasn't ached in forever. I had no idea my body could contort into such crazy positions.

A giggle escapes me and I clamp my hand over my mouth. He doesn't need to know I'm sitting here reliving what happened last night and how badly I want a repeat performance.

Okay, maybe he should know I'm sitting here reliving it.

Forget worrying if he's too tired. We're married now. I can have my way with him whenever I want. And he's always game.

Always.

He's cozying up to me now, despite the intense heat pressing down upon us. The sun is so much stronger here, but I don't let it bother me. I'm blissed out and on my honeymoon with my husband's heavy arm slung around my shoulders, his nose nuzzling my cheek and making me giggle some more.

"I still can't believe we did it." I turn my head to watch him as he rears his head back, waiting for his reaction, needing to see it. I shade my eyes against the too bright sun, studying his handsome face. I can't stop thinking about last night. The wedding. The dinner we ate afterward, though I barely remember how it tasted-I'd been too enraptured with my husband and the importance of what we'd done.

How long I took to prepare for him, and none of that mattered because he attacked me anyway, which I loved. It was as if he couldn't control himself. I like knowing that I make him feel so out of control. And I love knowing that he's my husband now.

It all feels so surreal.

He leans back in the sand, his arm sliding off my shoulders, and I immediately miss his touch. "Oh, I can believe we did it. I've wanted to do this for a while now. Just been waiting for you to give me the go-ahead."

"You wanted to do what?" Okay, I'm confused, but maybe it's the sun or this hot specimen of a man who's my husband, who knows? As I turn to fully look at him, my mouth goes dry at the sight before me.

Drew all sprawled on the warm sand, leaning back on his elbows, wearing low-riding swim trunks and nothing else, all those beautiful muscles on display. My gaze roves over him hungrily, remembering the hot, intense honeymoon sex we had last night and into this morning. His longish dark hair flutters and waves with the gentle breeze that washes over us, and his eyes are covered by yet another pair of expensive sunglasses he'll probably lose. Because he's so good at that, losing things.

Except for me. He couldn't lose me if he tried.

"Make you mine in every sense of the word." He smiles and I smile in return, my body trembling at his words. He sounds so serious despite the easygoing smile, and it doesn't help that I can't see his eyes. They're probably the most expressive feature on his face. I do love it when he gets possessive, though. I might sound like a freak, but it arouses me like nothing else.

Well, everything Drew does arouses me. He can stand at the sink and brush his teeth in the morning and I want to jump him.

Of course I want to jump him. Because in the morning when he's brushing his teeth, he's usually standing there either in just his boxer briefs or a pair of sweats that hang so low on his hips I swear I can almost see everything the boy has to offer.

And oh my, can he offer a lot.

Shaking my head, I drop my gaze, hoping he can't read my mind. I have it so bad for my husband it's crazy.

"I like the way you say that," I admit, turning away from him so he can't see my face, my flushed-with-embarrassment cheeks. All this thinking of Drew brushing his teeth and everything else that comes with it is making me hot. For him. "That I'm yours."

"You are," he says simply. "And I'm yours, too. Now we're legally together. Nothing can tear us apart."

"Together." I dip my index finger into the sand and draw a giant heart, then write D + F in the center. Like the matching tattoos we share on the inside of our wrists.

He's suddenly there, right beside me, pushing me so I have no choice but to lie on the sand. Drew comes over me, his face in mine, his body pressing me deeper into the warm yet damp sand. "Forever," he whispers just before he kisses me, so deeply I have to wrap my arm around his neck and grip his hair for fear I'll melt into nothing because of his fiery lips and persuasive tongue.

"Let's go back to the room," I murmur against his mouth long minutes later. The beach is fairly abandoned since it's morning, but there are a few people wandering by. I wonder if they can see us. What will it be like when people actually recognize him one day? That's going to happen. I know it and so does he, and we're trying to prepare, but how can you fully prepare for the unknown? How are we going to deal with it?

"Sounds perfect." He smiles and kisses me again, on the tip of my nose, and I laugh when he grabs my hand and yanks me off the sand. I wipe my butt with my free hand, then snag my beach bag, slinging it over my shoulder as he starts dragging me back toward the hotel.

He's eager, his long strides eating up the sand, and I have to practically run to keep up. I'm eager, too. My heart is racing, my skin is hot, and my ni**les are hard beneath the tiny string bikini Drew picked out for me earlier this morning in the hotel guest shop.

Yes, my husband likes to see me prance around on the beach practically naked.

But I don't care. I don't look half bad. He's such a fitness freak and so is Owen, so I've taken to exercising with them. They jog, I jog. They go to the gym, I'm at the gym with them, running on the treadmill, using the elliptical until I'm moaning and groaning in pain. They just laugh at me.

It's fun, though, being with them. My boys. My family.

They're the only ones I have.

Drew

The hotel we're staying at is top notch, the best money can buy, and I paid a pretty-ass penny for the suite we're in, especially since we booked it so last minute. It's huge-you could probably fit a family of six in there-with three bedrooms, two bathrooms, and a gourmet kitchen. Ridiculous, since we're not cooking a damn thing in this place.

And the lanai with the ocean view is amazing. All open air and giant windows, it's filled with huge overstuffed couches and chairs, the doors kept wide open so the warm, salty air drifts into the room, washing over our skin. Like our own little paradise, which it is. Right now, I feel like Fable and I are in our own little world, the only two people on this planet.

The sun-kissed air washes over my heated skin at this very moment, not doing a thing to cool me off. Not that I want to be cooled off. I have my wife in my arms, my hands gripping her ass beneath the thin fabric of her bikini bottom. Her body is slammed against mine, warm and soft, her br**sts so snug against my bare chest I can feel her ni**les poking through the fabric of her top.

Our mouths are fused, our tongues sliding against each other, hot and soft. I lift her and she immediately gets what I want, going with me easily, her legs slipping around my waist as she clings to me like she's never going to let go. I remove one hand from her ass to settle it over the center of her back, slowly tugging the string on her bikini. The knot unravels easily, her top loosening around her chest as I crawl my fingers up her back to her neck, making her giggle against my lips.

"What are you doing?" she asks, muffling her laughter by pressing her lips together as I undo the tie at her nape.

"What does it look like?" I raise a brow and lean away from her a bit, pulling the top off completely and tossing it on the floor. "I'm getting you naked, my pretty wife."

"I really like it when you call me your wife." Her green eyes darken, a sure sign she's aroused. "You should return the favor, you know, and get naked, too."

"I need to get you completely naked first." I drop her on the bed, smiling when she bounces on the mattress.

"I'll help you with that." She flashes me a wicked smile as she reaches for the little strings that wrap around her hips and starts pushing the bottoms down those smooth, tanned legs of hers. That swimsuit I bought her earlier is almost indecent. It barely covers her and it cost a fortune.

Worth every dime I spent.

She looks f**king amazing. She's a tease with the suit on and a siren with it off.

And now the suit is most definitely off. She's flung the bikini bottoms onto the floor along with the top and then leans back against the pillows at the head of the bed, elbows propped, legs bent at the knees. She spreads them the slightest bit, offering me a view of all that she has, and that's it.

I'm done for.

A throaty laugh escapes her as I hurriedly shove my swim trunks off me, kicking them away. My dick is painfully hard as I join her on the bed. Last night had been amazing, nonstop sex, with us falling asleep and waking up a few hours later only to go at it again. We'd been so busy with other stuff, especially this last month, it's like we were making up for lost time.

My life has been nothing but go, go, go since I signed with the Niners. The intense training and practice wore me completely out. Then with all the planning of the trip and wedding, the packing, and the long flight, we'd both collapsed into bed the first night we got to the island.

The emotional sunset ceremony on the beach, the realization that this was it, we were officially married, revved up my energy level big time. It seemed to do the same for her, because holy hell, we were crazed for each other.

Our connection was stronger than ever. Last night, the sex had been ferocious, intense, all-consuming. I feel that way every time I see her, touch Fable, kiss her.

I should be exhausted but I'm not. My body is on high alert, my skin so tight and hot I feel like I'm going to burst as I let my gaze rove over my new wife's sexy-as-hell body. Damn, she's beautiful. Will I ever grow tired of looking at her? Touching her? Kissing her? Fucking her?

No. Never.

"Come here, Drew," she says, her voice a husky whisper, and I crawl up the bed, crawl up over her. She spreads her legs and I settle in between them, my hips nudging against hers, my insistent c**k rubbing her soft belly. She slips her arms around my neck as I bend my head to kiss her, drink from her lips, taste her tongue. Her hands bury in my hair as I break away from her to trail kisses down the length of her neck, her collarbone, her chest, the tops of her br**sts.

I can feel the slight tremble run beneath her skin, feel her racing heart as I kiss a path down the fragrant valley between her br**sts. Her fingers curl in my hair when I lick her nipple. Those same fingers pull hard when I suck her nipple between my lips.

God, she tastes amazing. Her legs curl around my hips, her feet slide along my legs, and I want inside her. Now.

But I also want to make it good for her and draw this out. So I do.

"Drew." She whispers my name but I ignore her, continue my path with my lips along her skin. I kiss her stomach, lick her belly button, and make her giggle. The heat between her legs radiates toward me, drawing me closer, drawing me in, and I shift down, my head between her legs, a little chuckle escaping me when she spreads them at the perfectly precise moment.

Resting my hands on the inside of her thighs, I spread her wider, then bend down, planting a chaste kiss on the center of her. Another giggle escapes her and she pulls my hair, then pushes my head.

Down.

"You want this? You want me to make you come?" I ask because I'm feeling evil, still wanting to draw this out.

"Yes," she breathes with a little nod, her gaze meeting mine. Those pretty green eyes are wide and fathomless, seeing everything, all of me, and not shying away. Not running away, either.

I'm a lucky son of a bitch to have found her. A smart one, too, since I just made her mine in the most legal sense.

Without another word, I lean in and devour her. Search her pink folds with my lips and tongue, suck her, lick her, slide a finger inside of her, then another, f**king her with my mouth and fingers until she's a writhing mess, my name falling from her lips when the orgasm slams into her.

Her body quivers beneath my lips, around my fingers, and then I'm pulling away from her, settling on my knees before her as I curl my hand around my c**k and guide myself inside her still pulsating body. She stiffens beneath me, still so overcome with her orgasm I don't think she realized I was about to enter her until it was too late.

But she's not protesting. Her softening, welcoming body accepts me readily and I slide deep, as deep as I can get, pausing above her so I can stare down at her flushed face. Her eyes slowly open and she stares up at me for a long, quiet moment. I don't move, don't dare make a sound, just savor the feeling of being buried deep inside my wife, the two of us now one.

Complete.

Turning her head, she kisses my wrist. My hands are planted on either side of her head, my arms stiff, my muscles quaking. It's taking everything within me to hold back, restrain myself. All I want to do is thrust again and again. Fuck her straight into the mattress until she's gasping and screaming my name, our sweaty bodies clinging to each other until we finally come down from our high.

"Harder," she urges as if she can read my mind and yet again, I'm pretty sure she probably can. I feel like I can read hers, too. It's damn scary. It's also comforting, to know you have that other person out there who's just for you. Before meeting Fable I'd been suffocating with loneliness, not really living, just going through the motions. I didn't believe I deserved anyone. I felt incomplete. A piece of me was missing all those years, especially the last few before I found her.

And I quickly realized she was that missing piece, the one that fit me so perfectly, I'd have to be a fool to let her go. Which I did. I ran away like an idiot and then found her again by pure dumb luck, or fate, or whatever you want to believe.

It doesn't really matter, because now we're together and nothing can stop us. Our biggest obstacles are past us. We can move on and forge a life together. It might be a little rough while we live separately during the regular season, but we'll see each other as much as we can. Besides, it's only for a couple of months. And then it's only a couple of years until Owen graduates high school.

What's the worst that can happen?

Chapter Four

Drew

We're in Carmel, the scene of many crimes, so to speak, both literally and figuratively. I'm on edge and f**king uncomfortable because I've brought Fable here with me. She hasn't returned since her one week as my fake girlfriend.

Now she's here as my very real wife.

Dad wanted to throw a reception for us at his new home. Thank God he'd moved, or I wouldn't have been able to go back like this. It would have been too uncomfortable, both for me and for Fable. I don't think I could have endured it. I don't think she could, either.

The new house is amazing. Not as large as the old one but considering he's living here alone, Dad doesn't need some grand mansion. He's older now, traveling more, and he seems in better spirits. After what happened with Adele killing herself and his finding out what went on between Adele and me, he retreated into himself. We spoke, but it was difficult. He went to counseling. I even went to a few of his sessions, but damn, those had been tough.

There's a lot of pain inside him over what Adele did to me. A lot of guilt, too, and I can relate to that. Putting us together in the same room trying to discuss it is extremely difficult. First of all, we're guys. And second of all, we're Callahan men. I think it's hard for us to talk about our feelings.

Fine. I know it's hard for us to talk about our feelings.

For the most part, we've moved past that. Our relationship had grown stilted, but now ... now we're okay. We're what I would even consider close. As close as a father and son can be, what with living in two different cities and both of us constantly traveling.

So in honor of our recent wedding, Dad is having two hundred of his closest friends over at his house for a small reception. "Small" being a ridiculous word, but hey, I'm only quoting the guy. The house is packed. There are servers milling around with trays of food and champagne. There's a full-service bar out on the patio and a deejay.

A freaking deejay.

Oh, and I can't forget the giant wedding cake on the other side of the patio, a perfect white frosted tower covered with fresh purple orchids.

Wild.

"This is wild," Fable says as she clutches my hand, the two of us standing in the doorway that leads out onto the patio, surveying everything spread out before us. "You said it was going to be small."

"Funny, I was just thinking the same thing, that this is wild." I clutch her hand tight, our fingers intertwined. "And it was my father who said it was going to be small, not me."

"Well, his idea of small and mine are completely different." She looks around the room again, her eyes wide as she drinks in everyone and everything. The majority of the guests are around Dad's age and filthy-ass rich. There are no other words for it. I see diamonds everywhere. Twinkling around women's necks, flashing off their fingers, glinting off their wrists. They're all perfectly manicured and groomed within an inch of their life, Botoxed and plucked and smoothed and fake tanned.

There are a few younger women here who I recognize. Daughters of Dad's associates, girls I went to school with. They're all perfectly groomed and manicured, too, much like the lawns that line the streets outside.

If I hadn't met Fable, I would have ended up married to one of these women, I can almost guarantee it-some perfectly behaved girl who would've pleased Dad. Our marriage would have been a merger of sorts. Two powerful families brought together, a lucrative deal for both sides. A victory comprised of wealth.

Instead, I made Fable Dad's new daughter-in-law, and while he acts as if he likes her, I wonder sometimes. I know she doesn't always approve of what he does or says.

I'm pretty sure the feeling is mutual. Dad is all smooth polish, while Fable is still a bit rough around the edges.

"Is all the food free here?" Speaking of rough edges, Owen stops at my side, his green eyes wide as he looks around the patio. "I'm f**king starving."

"Owen, I will kill you where you stand if you say that word again out here," Fable says between clenched teeth, her eyes narrowed, her fingers squeezing mine tight. I can't blame her for being angry; we're trying to make a good impression here, especially her.

Sending Fable a look, I reach out and pat Owen on the shoulder, though he doesn't seem fazed by his sister's chastising words in the least. "Of course it's free," I reassure him. "My dad's having the party for us. Celebrating our marriage, and sort of a welcome-to-the-family thing for you and Fable."

Owen's face brightens. "Sweet. I need to tell your dad thanks. But first, I gotta go grab something to eat." Without another word, he takes off, making his way toward one of the waiters walking around with a silver tray laden with appetizers. Owen is wearing black pants that we just had to buy him since he won't stop growing and a white button-down shirt. He borrowed one of my ties and his hair is semi-tame for once. Trying to be a grownup but sort of failing at it.

My heart expands and I breathe deep, ignoring the little twist in my chest. I feel responsible for that kid, like he's my own brother. I love him. Almost as much as I love his sister.

"We need to watch him," Fable mumbles, shaking her head as she keeps her gaze glued to his retreating back. "He'll probably try and snag glasses of champagne when we're not looking in the hopes he can get drunk."

No harm done in a little sneak of champagne, I want to tell her, but who am I to advocate drinking to her underage brother? Hell, look at their mother. She's a drunken, drug-taking bitch who tried to convince Owen to run away with her a few months before we were married. And Owen almost went with her-he wasn't going to tell us she contacted him until he got nervous and confessed all to his sister. Fable had been furious.

And also scared shitless.

"Don't worry about Owen. I'll watch him." I pull Fable into me and she tilts her face up so I can drop a light kiss on her pursed lips. "You relax and try to have a good time."

"Right." She leans her head back the slightest bit so I can drink from her lips yet again. Yeah, need to get myself under control here. This isn't the time or the place. "This house and these people intimidate the crap out of me, Drew. How am I supposed to act? What am I supposed to say?"

"Just be yourself," I say, squeezing her shoulders.

She rolls her eyes. "Your dad doesn't much like me, so that's going to be kind of hard."

I remain quiet, snatching a glass of champagne from the server walking by. She pauses, allowing me to grab another one for Fable, and I hand it to her, clinking the edge of the glass with mine before I take a drink. "Cheers, wife," I murmur, giving her a little smile.

Fable returns it, then drains her champagne in one long swallow, a sure sign she's nervous. "Why is there a wedding cake in the corner?" she blurts.

I burst out laughing. "I don't know. Why is there a deejay? Are we going to dance later?"

"Now that I would like to see," she says wryly, setting the empty champagne glass on a nearby table. "You've never been one to dance much, Drew."

"I don't really ever dance," I say simply because it's the truth. I may have coordination out on the football field, but I'm not a big fan of showing off my moves on the dance floor. As if I have any moves, which I don't.

"So, what do you think? Like your reception?"

Fable and I turn to find Dad standing before us, drink in hand, a giant smile on his face. He's dressed in his usual suit with a button-down shirt, no tie, his tanned face not from a spray bottle but from too much time out on the golf course. He looks relaxed and happy ... and older than I've ever seen him, with the wrinkles lining his face and the gray streaked liberally in his dark hair.

"It's beautiful. You've outdone yourself," Fable says earnestly, flicking a quick glance in my direction before she turns a full-wattage smile on Dad. "Thank you so much, Mr. Callahan."

"Fable, you're a part of the family now, so please call me Andy." He pulls Fable right from my grip and hauls her into a giant bear hug, wrapping his arms around her tight and giving her a long squeeze. "You brought my boy back to me, you know. I owe you everything."

My heart stutters in my chest. I've never heard Dad say anything like that before, especially to Fable. We usually skirt the issues rather than face them head on.

Right now, though, we're facing them. Acknowledging them. And I like it.

"Thank you ... Andy." She withdraws from his embrace and smiles up at him, her eyes glistening with a sheen of unshed tears. "Thank you for this party, for inviting everyone, and for including my brother in it all."

"Owen is a part of our family now, too. Trust me, we need as many members as we can get." He laughs, but the sound is painful. I feel it down to my bones, but I wouldn't change what happened for anything.

Though I still regret the loss of my mother, and of my sister, I will never, ever regret Adele's death. The woman got what was coming to her. I just hate how it affected Dad.

"The cake." Fable gestures toward it, trying to change the subject, which I appreciate. "It's so big. I hope it tastes as good as it looks."

Ah crap, I hope Dad doesn't take that remark as an insult. A few years ago, he would have. He would have thought it was a slam against his judgment.

But no, he's laughing, making Fable laugh with him. "It better be. I ordered it from the best bakery in all of the Carmel Valley. And I paid top dollar for it, too."

"I can't wait." Her smile grows. "I've always had a thing for cake. I have a major sweet tooth."

Me, too. More than anything, I'm addicted to the sweetness that is my wife.

Fable

My husband keeps shooting me these looks that tell me he's feeling overly sentimental. Drew gets a little dreamy-eyed when he feels that way. And there's a dopey smile curving his lips that makes him look as cute as can be. He's so handsome, with all that dark hair tumbling across his forehead, his blue eyes flashing at me. The angular cheekbones, the lush mouth, the firm line of his jaw ...

I'm weak-kneed just looking at him. Still. That he has the power to make me feel this way is overwhelming. I'd much rather focus on my love for Drew than deal with the uneasy sensation that slipped over me the moment we first saw that glimpse of the ocean. As we drove south on Highway One, past the Monterey exits, my heart started to race and my palms began to sweat.

All those tough, ugly feelings swarmed back to the surface, making me itchy. I thought I could handle this, coming back here. I thought everything would be all right because I knew she was gone and those old ghosts that had haunted Drew for so long had slowly evaporated over time. He fought hard to conquer his demons. I stood beside him, cheering him on the entire time.

But maybe since I'd spent so much time focused on his demons, I never realized I had my own. Being back in the Monterey Bay area, I feel small. Like I'm nothing. I've reverted back to that tough, poor, slutty girl again, pretending to be in love with a gorgeous, perfect guy all for a lump sum of money that will temporarily take care of me and my brother.

Drew could sense I was feeling that way, too. I think my nervousness became this living, breathing thing that seeped from my body and into his. Owen was oblivious, sitting in the backseat with his earbuds in, the music so loud I could still hear it, tinny and bass-heavy. Drew had looked over at me and reached out across the console to take my hand and bring it to his mouth, pressing the softest, sweetest kiss to my knuckles.

"I love you," he'd whispered, his gaze flickering to mine before he returned it to the road stretched out before us. "Don't ever forget it."

Just like that, the knots in my stomach slowly unwound and my breathing eased. "I hate this place," I whispered in return.

"Why?" He let go of my hand and turned his attention more firmly to the road, hitting the blinker and slowing down as he pulled off on the upcoming exit. "It's where we fell in love."

The realization had stunned me. He's right. We had fallen in love here. It may have been scary and ugly and heartbreaking, but our week in Carmel had also been sweet and hopeful and full of wonder. I'd never felt anything like what I experienced with Drew with any other boy.

And that little conversation, Drew's simple words, fueled me for the rest of the trip. Out here on his father's back patio, the fairy lights wound in the trees twinkling above, the sliver of a pale white moon watching over us, the music loud and the chattering voices even louder, I'm content. Comfortable. Holding my own. Feeling like I belong here.

"We should check out Ocean Avenue tomorrow," Drew whispers close to my ear, amusement tingeing his deep voice.

"What? Are you serious?" Even though I've come to terms with being here, it doesn't mean I want to linger and make it a serious vacation. Besides, Drew needs to get back home so he can resume practice.

"Well yeah, remember the spot where we kissed?" His eyes are warm as they search my face, filled with so much love I feel my heart swell.

"Yes," I whisper achingly. "Of course I remember."

"I want to go back there." He tucks a strand of hair behind my ear, his index finger lingering on my skin. "I want to kiss you again in that little alley and remember how wet we were from the rain. How nervous I was. I was scared you might reject me."

I'd felt the same way. We'd dealt with much of the same feelings and fears and hadn't even known it.

"I want to take you to that store where you got the dress that just about killed me and buy you whatever you want," he continues, his fingers drifting across my jaw. My eyes flutter closed as memories rush back at me. "I want to sit outside the dressing room and have you come out to show me every single thing you're trying on."

That he remembers all the little details sends a thrill of pleasure spiraling to the very depths of my soul.

"And then I want to wander off for a bit and let you do whatever you want, secretly hoping that you'll send me a text that says 'marshmallow.' Though if you don't, that's okay, because I'll send you one instead." He offers up a crooked smile and the sight of it cracks my heart wide open, overflowing with so much pure love for him I want to cry. "Because we made a deal. Whenever we see or hear that word, the other comes running. I'll always be the one to rescue you, Fable. You never have to worry about that."

"Drew." My voice cracks and then I'm in his arms, my face pressed to his neck, his lips on my cheek. He's whispering words of love and devotion but I don't really hear them. I can only feel. His soft hair tickling my cheek, his hands smoothing up and down my back, his warmth radiating into me. He's solid and real, the sound of his heart beating steady and strong against my ear, and I slowly pull away from him. "When can we leave?"

He starts to laugh, the sound rich and full of honest humor. "We can't leave yet. We've only been here maybe an hour."

"Isn't that enough time?" I ask hopefully.

"Fable, we're staying here. We can't just bail on our party and go upstairs." His laughter dies, his expression gone serious. "Everyone will know what we're doing."

"What? Having sex? Isn't that what we're supposed to do?" I stare at him wide-eyed and he slowly shakes his head. "We're newlyweds, Drew. We're still on our honeymoon."

"No, we're not." He glances around, making sure no one is standing close to us, I'm sure. Heaven forbid anyone hear us talk about sex. "Come on, Fable."

"Ha, you're so cute." I hook my arm through his and snuggle close, breathing deep his warm, spicy scent. "Saying all sorts of romantic words to me, filling my head with sweet memories, and then you go all shy on me. Afraid you might offend your dad?"

"We're surrounded by people. They're all here for us," he murmurs, his lips barely moving. How does he do that? It's a pretty slick trick.

"They're not here for us; they're here for your dad." I wave a hand, dismissing his words. "Come on, let's get out of here."

"What about Owen?"

"He's sitting at that table with your dad's new girlfriend." Her name is Tami and she's sweet as can be. Nothing like that other woman, who shall not be named. "She's making sure he's well fed." Tami is rather motherly toward him, and not in a creepy way, either. I think there's something about Owen that screams lost little orphan boy with a shitty mother or something. He seems to bring that out in every woman he meets.

"I thought you wanted cake?" He's searching for every excuse to stay out here and it's the cutest thing ever.

"Hey." I grab hold of him by one of the belt loops on his trousers, pulling him into me so close our hips almost collide. "Let's sneak inside for a quickie and then we can come back out, and hopefully the cake will be ready by then."

"Don't you think they'll want us to cut it?"

I roll my eyes. I know I'm pushing and probably making him uncomfortable since we're on his dad's turf, but I don't really care. I like pushing him, just as much as he likes pushing me. Sometimes we need that extra push even when we don't realize it. "We aren't going for all that traditional-type reception stuff, are we? I didn't wear a baby-blue garter under my dress, you know."

His brows lift, his mouth quirked in a crooked smile. Now that remark caught his interest. What a surprise. "What do you have on under that dress?"

My skin warms at his blatant perusal, the way his eyes seem to touch upon me as they rake over my body. I can feel him, as if he just physically touched me. A shiver shakes through me and I tighten my finger around his belt loop, tugging him so close our hips do collide this time. "Maybe you should come inside with me so you can find out?"

That's all it takes. He follows behind, crowding me, his hand at my lower back, fingers trailing down over my backside, getting lost in the folds of my skirt. The dress is all white lace, sleeveless and short, with a flared skirt that hits just above the knee and a wide swath of black satin ribbon as a belt tight around my waist. It's pretty and feminine, and I can't wait for Drew to take it off and discover I have no panties on beneath it.

Absolutely can't. Wait.

Later that night, long after Drew went to sleep, I find myself tossing and turning beside him, too restless with the memories running through my brain. I finally crawl out of bed, grab my phone, and head out onto the tiny balcony that is adjacent to the guest room we're staying in. Despite my restless brain, my limbs are loose and warm, my body well used by my husband. After the quickie in the bathroom, we'd come back outside to find the cake being served and I ate the biggest piece I could find.

It tasted delicious, the secret smiles Drew and I shared as we were surrounded by dozens of strangers making my head light and my heart sing.

After the party, we officially went to bed, where my husband made love to me for hours.

Now I huddle outside, the cool, gentle sea breeze sending my hair everywhere and making me shiver since I'm only wearing a thin nightgown. I look at my phone and find a text message from Drew. I have no idea when he could have sent this to me. I thought I'd been with him the entire evening. But a sweet poem was delivered to me one line at a time:

My beautiful wife, I will

Always love you

Respect you. You're ...

Sweet and sexy

Hot and tempting

My love for you is

All consuming

Lucky me to have found

Love

Only

With you

The tears fall silently, one after another, sliding down my cheeks, dripping from my jaw to land on the ground. But these aren't tears of sadness, they're happy. I've come full circle. I remember the last time he left me a letter like this, when I didn't see the hidden message at first. When I'd been so overcome with desolation and loneliness. That letter had given me hope and though he'd let me down at first, he'd eventually come back into my life the way he was meant to.

Now, we belong to each other. And though he's busy and consumed with his new career, nervous over it, starting a new life with me, and fully reconciling with his father, he still takes the time to write me a sweet little poem that lets me know exactly how he feels.

He's still in need of the occasional rescue. And I'm the only one who can really save him.

Chapter Five

Fable

"You miss him."

I shrug, ignoring Owen's statement. He certainly didn't word it as a question, because he knows the truth. He knows how I feel.

"Yeah, I do, but it's okay." I smile brightly and reach over, tousling Owen's hair. It's getting darker as he gets older and there's golden stubble lining his jaw, which blows my mind every time I see it. He looks one-third boy, two-thirds man, and I both love to see him grow older and despise that he's not a little boy anymore.

Little boys aren't as big of a problem. Not that Owen is a troublemaker ... not really. Well, okay, he is a little bit. He's definitely a challenge. Does well at school when he applies himself, which he doesn't do enough, and that drives me crazy.

He works hard at his part-time job, and he loves playing football just like Drew. But he gets into trouble more often than he should. He's been caught smoking weed a few times, and I've found baggies of the stuff in his jeans when I do his laundry. He was nearly thrown off the football team for his smoking. He's snuck out of the house so he could go to a party or whatever with his friends. He has too many girlfriends, girls I'm afraid he uses and then discards, and that hurts me. I want him to respect women, but he and his best friend, Wade, both have a shitty attitude when it comes to dating and relationships. And while I like Wade, more often than not they're looking for trouble together.

But my brother idolizes my husband, which is great. Drew is a positive role model for Owen, and Owen's the younger brother Drew never had and probably needed. They're a good support system for each other. I know Owen not so secretly wants to be just like Drew when he's older.

If you'd told Drew this a few years ago, he would have laughed. Uncontrollably. Why would anyone want to be like him?

He still has no idea just how influential he can be.

"We still on for this weekend, then?" At his question, I meet Owen's gaze and see he's grinning from ear to ear. "My friends are so f**king jealous I'm going."

I send him a stern look. "Language, Owen." His cursing hasn't stopped. If anything, I think it's gotten worse. I've tried to control myself. In fact, I'm rather proud of how much I refrain from cursing. I'm trying to be a grownup.

But it's hard. Really hard, especially when things piss me off or upset me. Like right now, missing my husband so bad my chest aches. I'd love to throw out a few "fucks" and "shits" and gripe like crazy. I could go to Jen. I should give her a call. She's my best support system, behind Drew and Owen.

"Give me a break, whatever." He rolls his eyes, still laughing, and I reach out and slap his arm, making him yelp. "What the hell was that for?"

"For being a jerk." I lean back against the couch, staring sullenly at the TV. I'm watching Sports Center on ESPN, hoping for a glimpse of Drew, a mention, a quick report. They might say something negative, though, since his team lost their game last Sunday and they were expected to win. Speculation is their new quarterback isn't doing as well as they'd hoped.

Doubters. Bastards, every one of them.

"Are you grumpy because they're bagging on Drew?" At the hard look I send him Owen waves a hand at me, slumping deeper into the soft leather couch Drew and I picked out when we first moved into the house. Our place is brand new and huge, part of an upscale subdivision on the outskirts of the town I grew up in, an area where I'd never imagined living.

I don't answer him. Instead I decide to change the channel because I'm just torturing myself, watching this. "Yes, of course we're still on. Drew got us three tickets, so if you want to bring Wade, you can invite him." That boy might drive me crazy, but he's Owen's closest friend and I adore Wade.

The grin that breaks out on Owen's face is infectious and I can't help but smile in return. "You mean it? That would be f**king awesome."

"Owen, please." I should yell at him but I don't bother. What's the point? He's happy. I don't need to ruin the moment. "I definitely mean it. Go call him. And let me know if I need to talk to his mom. We won't come home until late, so it's going to be a long day. I don't want her to worry."

"She won't worry. She'd rather know we're with you than out running around on our own." The sheepish look that crosses Owen's face tells me he has secrets, which doesn't surprise me. What teenage boy doesn't? But still. I know half the time he's out with his friends he's up to no good.

Back in my day, I used to be up to no good, too. Drinking and smoking cigarettes, one after another, getting drunk, my mind hazy. Flirting with boys, eventually doing things with them that earned me a terrible reputation. I'm lucky I graduated high school. Mom sure as hell didn't push me and I didn't have an older sibling keeping track of me at all times. Talk about going wild.

I was the epitome of wild. And Drew was the epitome of good-with the exception of his deep, dark secret. A few years have passed and I still get an icy shiver down my spine when I think of her. God, I hate that bitch. I hate what she did to Drew.

Thank goodness he found me.

My cell chimes and I grab it, checking my messages. It's from Drew and I smile.

What are you doing? Giving Owen a hard time?

My smile grows as I respond.

How did you know?

Because he texted me and said so.

I shoot Owen a glare, and he laughs as he gets up from the couch and saunters toward the kitchen. Cocky little brat.

I told him he could bring Wade with us to the game. He's excited and cursing and I gave him grief over it. What else is new?

There's a long pause after I send the message and I chew my lip waiting for him to respond. I wish I were with him. I don't regret staying with my brother because he needs me more than ever, but I need Drew. And my husband needs me.

I wish you didn't have to go back home after the game. I wish you could stay the night with me.

How did I know he'd say that? Oh, maybe because I feel the same way.

They have school on Monday and practice. They can't afford to miss it. I'm sorry. I wish I could stay with you, too. I miss you.

I know. I miss you, too. Next home game you come to, maybe you could come alone. And we could spend more time together.

That sounds perfect but I can't leave all the time, no matter how much I want to. I need to be here for Owen and I don't feel right constantly dumping him on Wade's mom. She's so supportive-she has been for years-and we're sort of friends, though Kathy is old enough to be my mom.

I text back to him.

I like that idea. I love you.

I love you, too.

We try our best to be together on his days off, but it's hard. He never truly gets any days off; he's constantly working and practicing. But we knew this going in. We're just going to have to deal with it.

Drew

I'm waiting just outside the locker room for Fable to show up, my thoughts anxious, my mind still going over every single play of the game we just finished. Thank Christ we won it. I've been raked over the coals the last few weeks after our two-game losing streak. What's worse? We lost last week to the lowest-ranked team in the entire NFL.

Yeah. I caught a lot of shit for that one, even from a few teammates. I know some of them hate all the media attention I get and I wish they understood just how much I hate it, too. I can't stand all the cameras flashing in my face and the constant questions, speculation, and reports on me. I've always been a private person, especially during my late teens and early twenties, when my head was a f**ked-up mess and I didn't want to deal with anyone.

It's harder now because I don't have Fable constantly by my side. I'd grown used to that. She comes to as many games as she can, but it's not the same. She always leaves afterward. She came a week ago with Owen and his friend Wade and that was great and all, but then they left. I didn't even get to kiss her or hold her much.

That sucked.

Today is different. We played a Sunday night game and she came for it. Just her. She's staying the next two nights. I got us a hotel suite in downtown San Francisco and I don't think I'm going to let her out of it. I'll keep her naked and in bed the entire time.

Sounds like freaking heaven to me.

A team representative is escorting her to the locker room and she should arrive any minute. Then we're hopping in our car and I'm tearing ass out of here. I did my time. The game had been just about perfect, and I even did a short live-broadcast interview. The team publicists have been coaching me on how not to sound like a dumbass. Hopefully it's working.

Here's the craziest thing of it all: the media are in love with Fable. They're fascinated with her. Half of it has to do with her name, I think. I mean, who the hell else is named Fable? The other half is the fact that she's so goddamned beautiful, but I might be prejudiced in saying that.

Or maybe it's because she avoids having anything to do with them. She does that for me. Keeps walking, never talking, throws a hand up in front of her face to stop them from getting a good picture. The publicists are telling me they want her more involved. They want her out there, talking to the media. For whatever reason, the public is fascinated with our story and they want to know more. Specifically why we live apart during the regular season.

I'm supposed to talk about it with Fable while we're together for the next few days. I promised the publicist team. They're eager for her to do a few interviews-nothing too probing, they promise.

Truthfully? I'm afraid my wife might want to kill me for even suggesting this.

Glancing up, I see her as if I'd conjured her up with my thoughts. She's walking toward me, the team rep towering behind her since she's such a little thing. She has on a black 49ers sweatshirt and jeans, her long blond hair pulled back into a high ponytail, and she's about the prettiest, freshest thing I've seen in a long-ass time.

The last few steps she gives in and runs to me, heads straight into my arms, and I hold her close, burying my face in her hair as the team rep walks on by and straight into the locker room. Fable slides her arms around me and presses her cheek against my chest.

"You were amazing," she says against my coat, and I give her a squeeze.

"Thank God we won," I mutter, because even though we played so well today, as though we've been playing together for years, I was still worried it could all fall apart at any moment. My confidence level isn't 100 percent there yet and I know it's killing me.

But I can't force it, no matter how badly the coaches want me to. I have to gain the trust of my fellow teammates, just like I have to really trust them. We're all still wary of each other. I hate it.

"You didn't think you were going to win?" She pulls away from me slightly to gaze up at my face, her forehead wrinkled with worry, her lush mouth turned down in a frown. Reaching out, I draw my index finger across her crinkled brows, trying to ease her mood.

"I wasn't sure," I confess. "We lost the last two. I feel like my team's losing faith in me."

"More like you're losing faith in yourself." She shakes her head and pulls out of my arms completely, though she at least takes my hand. Like she doesn't want to lose the connection, and I feel the same exact way. "I think I know what my mission is for the next few days."

"What, rolling around naked in bed with your husband?" I raise my brows hopefully and she laughs, shaking her head, much to my disappointment.

"Well, that sounds like a perfect plan, but I was also meaning that I need to work on building up your confidence. I don't like hearing you so down on yourself." She smiles. "Do you need a rescue, Drew?"

Hell yeah, I do.

I say nothing, though, merely drag her with me down the long walkway until it opens up to the private parking lot that only the team and any people involved with us use. My brand-new truck is in the near distance, the dark blue color gleaming beneath the bright overhead light. We've indulged in a few things since I got the outrageous contract with the Niners. The house and everything inside it, my new truck, the heavy diamond band that's around Fable's finger ...

But hell, I have no time to spend money these days. I'm too busy practicing or playing or traveling. Fable's never had this kind of money before, so she's scared to death to spend any of it for fear it'll up and walk away from us one day. Irrational, but she knows it, and realizing is half the problem.

I take advantage of this sort of situation. I'm used to money. I've grown up with it. To actually make it on my own is another feeling entirely, one I could get real used to. I'm comfortable with it and Fable's not. I sometimes think she believes her life is one big fairy-tale dream and at any moment she's going to wake up and find out none of it is real.

"Callahan! Hey, wait up!" an unfamiliar voice calls from behind us.

My defenses up, I tug Fable close and turn with her behind me to find some reporter running toward us. A guy I recognize who works for one of the networks and who's always trying to get me to talk to him.

"What do you want?" I ask wearily, reluctant to talk and eager to get the hell out of here.

"Is this your wife?" He tilts his head to the side and nods toward her. "Is this the infamous Fable?"

She steps out from behind me, her jaw hanging open. "Infamous? Are you serious?"

Hell. This is the last thing I want.

"Well, yeah." The guy smiles easily-I think his name is Joe? John?-and takes a step toward Fable. I throw out an arm, shielding her from him, but she gently pushes it away with a little snort. As if I'm ridiculous wanting to protect her. "Everyone wants to know more about Drew Callahan's new wife."

"I find that hard to believe. Wouldn't you rather talk to Drew? He's the famous football player." She waves a hand in my direction.

"And you're the famous football player's beautiful and soon-to-be-equally-famous wife. The public is looking for any hint, any little bit of information they can get about you." He smiles, full of easygoing charm. It's a facade, I'm sure. The guy is as sharp as can be and as hungry as a starving tiger looking for prey. He's eyeing Fable like she's his next meal. "You should give me an exclusive. I'd love to talk to you. Find out more about you, about Drew and your relationship."

She glances at me and I send her a stern glare, hoping she can read into the look I'm giving her that I don't want her to do this. I'm sure she doesn't want to either.

"Okay. Let's do it."

I can't f**king believe she just said that. "Give us a minute," I tell the reporter, grabbing her arm and steering her away from him so he can't overhear us. "Are you crazy?" I ask the moment we're far enough away from him.

"What?" She extracts her arm from my grip, looking at me like I'm nuts. "I don't see the big deal in talking to him."

"He's just trying to dig up information." I slam my lips together. There's a lot of information I don't want anyone to ever find out about me and she knows this. She has her own secrets to hide. Letting a reporter in is like an open invitation for him to dig and dig and dig until he finds the real juicy dirt.

We've got a ton of it, too. Our past could fill up an entire book. Maybe two.

"I know. So instead of us hiding from the media all the time, we're going to tell them only what we want them to hear." She smiles, so brilliantly I feel like I've just been momentarily blinded. "Right?"

Ah. My girl is ... so damn smart. "Yeah. You're right."

"I know." Her smile turns smug. "We give them a little bit of info and they're happy. If we look like we're hiding, then they'll think we are. And then they'll never leave us alone. We don't want that, do we?"

"Hell no." I grab her again and pull her into me, my arms tight around her waist as I kiss her soundly. So soundly she blinks up at me, her expression dazed when I finally pull my lips away from hers. "You're sneaky. You know that?"

"I know. That's why you married me."

Chapter Six

Drew

A year later and my wife really is as famous as me. She's been featured in magazines, the paparazzi stalk her, and it's ... it's f**king ridiculous. Only during football season, though, when she's more visible and attending the games. We tend to go into hiding during the off-season, go back home to spend time with Owen and our friends, spend time with each other. We go on vacations, short getaways. I never get enough alone time with her, though.

Is it selfish of me to admit I'm glad Owen's in college now? He graduated high school last summer and despite Fable wishing he would apply to Stanford, he didn't. The kid finally got on track, but he doesn't follow everything his sister wants him to do. He's completely focused, doing well both at football and in his classes, and he earned a football scholarship and is attending the same university that I did.

When I told him he didn't need a scholarship and that I could pay for his schooling, he protested.

I want to do this on my own. I want to earn this. Let me.

No way could I protest that. More like I'd been proud. I felt like Fable and I actually did something right-and that something was raise Owen.

He's much more independent; he has his own car, which I gave him as a graduation gift, and he's still working at The District. Doesn't have a steady girlfriend, though, and I told him that was a good thing. He doesn't need a girl tying him down yet. He needs to focus on himself. Stay young. Be free.

Something I really didn't do during my high school or college years. I had too much to hide, too much to be ashamed of. It shaded my entire high school experience. I was popular despite how withdrawn I was, but people only cared that I was some sort of football star. And the only thing I could really focus on and enjoy was football. It helped me forget.

Sometimes, it still does.

With Owen's newfound independence comes Fable's ability to loosen the motherly strings she has tied around him. She's moved into the house near Santa Clara during football season and comes to my games. Finally we're together again, so we can have some much needed alone time. She's even started traveling with the team a few times, to out-of-town games.

And always, always the media is trailing after us, wanting more photos, more interviews, more, more, more. She's been on the cover of magazines, mostly the gossipy ones but occasionally others, including a fashion magazine. She was interviewed for a two-page spread in People and on TV. Barbara Walters actually chose the two of us as part of her ten most fascinating people last year.

Freaking unbelievable.

It's because Fable's so damn gorgeous yet mysterious. She says a bunch of stuff without ever really saying anything at all. I thought I was a private person, but she puts the P in private, she's so close-lipped. I'll give myself some credit, though, and put us on equal footing for being so-ha-fascinating, considering the Niners almost made it to the Super Bowl during my first year as their quarterback. Me, the rookie nobody had any real faith in, almost took the team all the way, but we lost in the final game before the Super Bowl. That sucked. More than anything, that f**king hurt.

I have another chance, though. In fact, I have lots of them, what with many seasons ahead of me considering my multiyear contract. We came out strong at the beginning of this season and we're still going for it. We're back and we mean business. The team is on my side now; last year's season confirmed it.

Plus, f**k it, I'm a nice guy. I'm not an egotistical ass. First, Fable would never let me act like that. And second, I'm not stupid. I need my team. Football is a team sport, for Christ's sake. I'd be an idiot to shit all over my teammates and then expect them to be devoted to me and play well.

I'm waiting for Fable now in our hotel room. While I went to practice, she went and explored Boston with one of the other players' wives. That's another thing-my wife is out making friends, getting to know the other wives, becoming more social. She's really opened up. She's more confident, easier to laugh, easier to talk to someone she doesn't know. Again, she's a private person, but she's become adept at putting on a public persona. She shows the world what they want to see.

But deep down, she's still the sweet, fiercely protective girl I fell in love with. She's still my Fable. My story. My life.

An idea comes to me, one so outrageous, so over the top, I know we have to do it. Fable will think I'm crazy but I don't care. I'm excited just thinking about it.

The door suddenly swings open, interrupting my thoughts, and in walks Fable, carrying what looks like about fifty shopping bags on either arm. She huffs out a loud breath and I go to her, help her by taking some of the bags so I can set them on the bed.

"What the hell, did you buy all of Boston?" I ask incredulously, noting the store names scrawled across the bags. Expensive places, most of them. I guess she's gotten over her fear of spending too much money.

Not that I'm protesting. I want her to have fun and buy whatever the hell she wants, whenever she wants it. She's worth it.

With a laugh she dumps the remaining bags on the bed and then collapses on top of it, her arms thrown out wide, the bags starting to tumble over and fall on her. Her laughter grows and I grab the bags, dumping them on the floor so they're not spilling all over her. "I had the best time. We went all over the place and had lunch. Amanda is so sweet, and so is Bryce."

I frown and settle on the bed beside her, making the mattress dip so she slides toward me. "Who's Bryce?"

"Her baby. Oh, Drew." She sits up, her eyes shining, her cheeks glowing from the cold air outside. She looks excited, full of hope. "He's so sweet and cute. Just a little doll. And so good-natured. He hardly cried at all and we were out shopping for hours."

Uneasiness slips over me. "Right. I, uh, forgot Thomas has a new baby." Jay Thomas is a great guy, but hell, he's thirty years old. I still have a ways to go before I hit that age. I'm not ready for kids.

Am I?

No. I'm definitely not. Not yet.

For the longest time I could hardly take care of myself. How can I take on the responsibility of a baby? Yeah, I've helped raise Owen, but that's different. He came into my life when he was fourteen. He could already pretty much take care of himself. And he's not my child. Once you have a baby, it's yours whether you like it or not. Completely dependent on you for the next eighteen-plus years.

A shiver moves through me at the thought.

"Yes, he's adorable." She sits up and takes my hand, her shoulder bumping against mine as she stares into my eyes. "Being with Amanda and Bryce made me realize something."

"What?" I ask, my voice weak. I know exactly what she's going to say. I'm not ready to hear it, though. I'm not ready for any of this.

"I want to try for a baby," she says softly. "We should try now, don't you think? If I get pregnant quick, I'd have the baby in the summer when you're home and then I wouldn't have to worry about you being away for a game or whatever when I go into labor. Now is the perfect time. The best time. I know we're young and all, but we've been together for so long. I think the next natural step is having a baby. Don't you? Don't you want a baby boy that can carry on the name, or a baby girl you could spoil rotten?"

"Uh ..."

"Amanda is young. She's only twenty-five. But she loves being a mommy. She says Bryce is the best baby and besides, she has a nanny who can help out when she needs it," Fable continues.

"You want a nanny?" I scratch the back of my neck, my brain overloaded with images of babies and nannies and diapers and crying and strollers and ...

Shit.

"I don't really think so," she says with a frown, as if she was seriously contemplating it. "I probably don't need one. I can handle taking care of the baby, especially since I don't work."

"You wouldn't be able to travel with me as much," I point out.

Her frown deepens. "True. But we'd adjust. And after we adjust, I'm sure I could travel with you and the baby. It would be fun, don't you think?"

"I guess." I shrug. "You know, we wouldn't have each other all to ourselves anymore, and I'd miss that. I think you would too. Our lives would completely change. There'd be someone else we'd always have to consider."

"We always have someone else to consider. Owen," she reminds me.

"That's different. He's on his own now and he knows we'll help him no matter what." I wave a hand, getting up off the bed so I can start pacing in front of her. Back and forth, back and forth in front of the bed, my mind racing, panic slipping through my veins. "A baby needs constant care, Fable. It would be dependent on us. More like the baby would be dependent on you, because I won't be around much. Are you ready for that?"

"Absolutely," she says with utter conviction. "I can't wait to have our baby, Drew. I want to have lots of babies with you."

Lots of babies. Those three words send fear clawing up my throat. I stop my pacing and rest my hands on my hips as I stare at her, looking hopeful and puzzled as she sits on the edge of the bed.

"I'm not ready," I blurt out, then clamp my lips shut, bracing myself for her reaction.

"What do you mean, you're not ready?" She sounds genuinely confused.

"For babies. I love you, Fable, but my life is finally on track. I'm on top of my game-literally-I'm married to the best woman ever, and I'm still freaking young. I'm not ready for us to have a child yet."

"No one's ever really ready," she starts, then drops her head so she can stare at her hands, which are clutched in her lap. "It scares me, too, you know. I'm the one who has to be pregnant, who has to carry and then deliver the baby." A visible shiver runs through her.

My fear over having a baby switches to the fear of Fable pregnant and all the complications that could arise. Yeah. Never even thought of that. "We don't need to have ... any children, right?"

She stares at me, her eyes narrow, her mouth in a grim line. Great. I'm worried sick about her and I just pissed her off. "You don't get it," she mutters as she stands and storms off toward the bathroom. "All I want is a little piece of you, Drew. I want to create a family with you. You're my husband; we've been together for a long time. It's the natural progression, right?"

"Fable, wait," I start, but she turns to glare at me and I shut up. Fuck, she's mad. I can't remember the last time I saw her this angry. Sure, we argue sometimes, but not too often. We get along. For whatever reason, the two of us together equals a healthy relationship. The two of us apart equals unhealthy behavior on both our parts.

We freaking need each other. It's scary to think of life without her by my side. That may sound too dependent-a psychiatrist would have a field day with us-but I don't give a shit. We're happy. That's all that matters.

"I've sacrificed everything for you," she murmurs, her voice small and sad. "I've given up my dreams for yours."

"You've given up your dreams?" I'm incredulous. "I never asked you to give up anything for me."

"I know. But I did. I followed you everywhere. You wanted to go pro? I supported you. You wanted me to come to your games and leave Owen behind? I did it. You wanted me to start talking to the media? I did that, too. Always putting aside my own fears and insecurities so I could make you happy. The least you could do is consider doing the same for me. I really don't think I'm asking for much."

Her words render me silent as I absorb them, shock coursing through me, leaving me cold. She's asking for so much, it's not even funny. I don't know what to say, how to act. Loving me and supporting me is a sacrifice? Is that how she really feels?

But before I can ask her, she's disappeared, the bathroom door quietly clicking shut behind her. Shutting me out, shutting her in.

Keeping us apart.

Fable

Men. They're f**king ridiculous. Selfish, idiotic creatures that have no clue what's really going on around them. If I weren't in Drew's life taking care of him, where would he be? What would he be doing? Living a cold shell of a life, moving through the world like a zombie, still having to deal with his dad and his stepmom and whatever other sick, disgusting things that woman might've done to him?

Or would he have become stronger? Would he have broken free of her mental chains? I'd like to think so. We'll never know, though, because I came into his life at just the right time and changed everything-for the better. And once we committed ourselves to each other, I did what he wanted. No questions asked. I never had a doubt about any of his choices or mine, or ours together.

So why can't he give me this? I've thought about having a baby with him for a while. Yeah, the idea of being pregnant, of getting big and fat and then actually delivering the baby frightens me; I'm not going to lie.

But spending time with Amanda and her baby son was so much fun. He's such a sweet little boy and he smells so good. He's four months old, full of smiles and little baby giggles, and my heart jumped to my throat every time he smiled for me, his blue eyes twinkling. He's chubby and was bundled up for the cold weather, looking snug as a bug in his stroller. When Amanda pulled him out to feed him and then asked if I would hold him while she went to the bathroom, I gladly took him into my arms.

And stared down at him in wonder.

I imagined having Drew's child. Holding a wiggly dark-haired little baby that we created, cuddled in my arms night after night. Feeding the baby, loving the baby, seeing Drew with his baby ... the mere thought of it all made my heart fill to bursting. I'd been so excited, so eager to talk to him I couldn't wait to get back to the hotel. I wanted to tell him all about Bryce, and how much I wanted to have his baby. I thought he'd be agreeable and say yes. I thought we'd be naked in bed right now, trying our best to have a baby.

Well, I'd have to stop taking the pill first. That would help.

And then I come back to the hotel and discover he doesn't want one. Clearly. He looked ready to run at the first mention of a baby, which is his usual mode of operation. When the going gets tough, the Drew gets running. He loves to escape his problems. I'm the one who always makes him face them head on.

But look: I just did the same exact thing. Rather than continue our discussion, I walked out on him. Locked myself up in this bathroom so I could hide from him, fill the giant sunken tub with hot steaming water, and soak all my troubles away.

It hasn't really helped, though. I'm still mad. More than that, I'm hurt. Hurt that he doesn't want to even talk about trying for a baby. I'm not asking that we have one tomorrow. It usually takes a few tries before a woman gets pregnant. More than a few tries, even. We still have time. I just want a chance.

I want a baby. Drew's baby. I want a sweet boy who looks just like his daddy. Or I want a pretty little girl who's spoiled rotten. Actually, I want both-not as twins, but I want children, at least three kids, maybe four. I want to create a loving family with parents who still adore each other and healthy, smart kids. I want the picture-perfect little family, and I think Drew and I could totally accomplish it.

If he could just get his head out of his ass and stop panicking every single time I suggest something new and life-changing, then maybe we could move forward.

Muttering a few choice words beneath my breath, I reach for my phone sitting on the tiled edge of the tub to check the time. I've been in here for at least thirty minutes, avoiding Drew and soaking in the hot water.

Look at that. I have a message. From Drew.

Fable is ...

Freaking

Absolutely

Beautiful

Loving and my

Everything

Talk to me.

No apology, but a poem. And I will not fall for his sweet, little silly poems-freaking absolutely beautiful? The guy is reaching and sorely out of practice. But I will not give in. I will not. I will not. I will not.

Despite my so-called steely resolve, I feel my heart melting. And it's not from the steamy bathwater, either.

Sitting up more fully, I lean over the edge of the tub and start typing.

I'm mad at you. I don't really want to talk to you.

I hit send. There. It felt good to be honest with him. If we can't face each other and talk about this, then let's go ahead and send text messages to each other like we're teens. Whatever.

Thinking about babies scares me. I probably reacted wrong.

Ha. Understatement of the year. Yeah, he reacted wrong.

You definitely did. Didn't you ever think we'd have a family someday?

Yeah, but in the far-off future. Not now. How can I take care of a baby?

I let out an irritated breath.

It's not just you taking care of the baby, Drew. It's the two of us. We do everything together. We're a team.

I wait a while but he doesn't text back, irritating me all over again. I mean, what the hell? Why does he panic so much? Yeah, this is scary, thinking about something as life-changing as this, but no one's ever really ready for a baby. It usually just happens.

After fifteen minutes I'm still waiting and my skin is starting to prune up. It's hot in the bathroom and I'm literally sweating. I want out, but I'm not ready to face him yet. Things are still left unresolved and I hate it.

My cell pings again and I grab it to read his message.

You're thinking about babies and I thought maybe we should try and renew our vows.

I frown. Really?

Are you serious? We've only been married for a year.

But you didn't get a real wedding.

I roll my eyes. He's crazy.

I so did. We were married on a beach at sunset. On Maui. How much better does it get? I don't want another wedding ceremony. I don't need it. I already have you. I just want you. I love you. I don't need a fancy wedding to prove that. I don't even understand why you think I would need it.

Tears are sliding down my cheeks and I don't know why. I wipe them away, frustrated at my reaction. We're going round and round in circles. This fight makes no sense.

I'm sorry.

That's it. Just an apology. No explanation, nothing else said. I'm not exactly sure what he's apologizing for. Everything?

So I send him a message he'll have to react to. It's a promise, a vow we made to each other. The bathroom door is unlocked. I never locked him out; I'm not that cold, and he's respectful enough of my boundaries that he doesn't barge in unless I ask him to.

Right now, I'm asking him to.

Chapter Seven

Drew

The word marshmallow flashes on my phone's screen and that's it. The cue I need to go into that bathroom and talk to Fable. Tell her I'm being a selfish jackass. Promise her whatever she wants.

I'm not afraid of losing her, not over something like this. But I don't want her angry at me. I don't want her thinking I'm against having children. I want them.

Now? I don't know. There's so much for us to do and see still. We've only just begun, Fable and I.

I push off the bed and stride toward the bathroom, throwing open the door to find her neck deep in water in the sunken bathtub. Her hair is piled on top of her head, strands floating around her face, some of them damp and clinging to her cheeks. Her skin is flushed, her lips turned down. She looks disappointed in me.

Fuck. I hate that.

"You came." She sounds surprised.

"Why wouldn't I?" I leave the door open and go to her, stopping so I can stand over her. "You know I always will."

She sighs and drops her head, staring down at the swirling water. It's a whirlpool tub, large enough that I could probably fit in there with her, but I'm not going to push my luck.

Yet.

"I'm being selfish," she finally says, her voice low.

"I'm the one who's being selfish," I say and she glances up at me, her quick movement causing the water to ripple, allowing me a quick glimpse of her pink ni**les.

Just like that, my body reacts.

Focus, Callahan.

"All I've done in this relationship is take. It's your turn to have something, Fable." I inhale deeply, hoping I say the right thing and don't piss her off further. "I want to have children with you but I want to wait a while, you know? Can we compromise? Maybe start trying after a year? When I have another season under my belt?"

She's quiet for a moment and all I can hear is the low thrum of the tub jets, the swirling of the water. It's hot as f**k in the bathroom, steam covering the mirrors, sweat starting to form on my forehead, and finally, finally she tilts her head back so she can look at me.

"Can we practice a lot until we start the baby-making for real?"

Relief floods me and I smile at her. "I wouldn't have it any other way. Maybe I should join you in that tub and we can get a head start on our practice. It makes us perfect, you know."

She sits up straight, revealing her br**sts. Her ni**les are hard and little water droplets cling to her smooth skin, shining like tiny diamonds scattered all over her flesh. "I'm already like a wrinkled old lady from the water, Drew. Wait, what are you doing?"

She's practically screeching at me but I ignore her, too intent on stripping off my clothes as fast as possible. I climb into the tub despite her protests and she moves her legs out of the way, making room for me.

"I'm out of here," she starts, but I grab her waist, earning a shriek out of her as I pull her into my lap. I'm already turned on, my c**k pressing against her ass, and she keeps wiggling. Which only arouses me further.

Fable turns to look at me and I move my face closer to hers. "Drew," she starts, but I shush her with my lips, kissing her senseless, our tongues wild, my hands skimming over her hips, along her waist, until I'm cupping her br**sts. I play with her ni**les, moan against her mouth as she continues to torture me by rubbing her ass against my front, and I reach down, gripping her hip so I can adjust her just so.

Before I push inside her body, going balls deep. She lets out a startled gasp, her inner walls clenching around me, holding me tight, and I keep still, my entire body straining as I revel in the sensation of being inside my wife.

"Christ, you feel good," I murmur as she slowly starts to move. I rest my forehead on her shoulder, one hand on her hip, the other on her breast. She leans forward the slightest bit, changing the angle, helping me move even deeper inside her body, and I lift my hips, earning a ragged moan for my efforts.

The water splashes as we establish our rhythm, the tub so full of water it spills over the edge and onto the floor. But I don't care and neither does Fable. We keep moving, keeping pace, our bodies slick and hot. She likes it from behind, says she loves how deep I go inside her body when we're like this, and I like it, too. I pretty much like every position we try.

When it comes to Fable, I'm easy like that.

"Hold on," she chokes out, then moves forward even more so I have no choice but to slip out of her body. She's on her knees, her ass in the air, her hands gripping the edge of the tub, and I follow her, thrust deep inside her body as I position myself over her, my chest to her back, my mouth at her ear as I pant dirty words that I know will have her coming in minutes.

Her moans get louder and she throws her head back, inviting me to kiss her. I blaze a hot path across her neck, along her jaw, her cheek, just before I take her lips. The kiss is awkward but hot, our tongues tangling, our breaths mingling. And then her entire body stiffens beneath mine, a choppy little stutter falling from her lips against mine as her orgasm washes over her.

That's all the incentive I need to increase my pace, thrusting deep and hard, my own orgasm barreling down on me. I feel it in every part of my body, from the tips of my fingers and toes to the top of my head. Every nerve ending is standing on edge, electric. I push inside her once, feel her body flutter and spasm all around my cock, and then I'm coming, so hard I close my eyes and press against her back, my groan muffled against her shoulder as I drain myself inside her body.

"Jesus," I finally mutter seconds, maybe minutes later, our bodies still locked together, the water still sloshing around us. "I thought I was going to pass out for a minute."

"It's-it's the heat in the room," she says, sounding breathless. "I feel light-headed, too."

I finally move, start to pull out of her, but she reaches around me, keeping me close. "I'm sorry, Drew."

I'm surprised by her apology. "For what?"

"Overreacting. Springing the idea of a baby on you so quickly and expecting you to just go along with it. It was unfair of me." She kisses my lips, my chin, then my jaw, her lips soft and warm and full of comfort.

"I overreacted, too," I say as I slowly pull out of her and then grab her by the waist, tugging her into my lap again. The cooling water sloshes and splashes; the bathroom is a f**king mess, but I could really give a shit. "I'm sorry, baby. From now on, let's try not to get all caught up in someone else's life, you know? Sometimes it's okay to plan, not just trying to randomly procreate and make a baby."

Her eyes narrow and I worry for a second that I offended her. "You have such a way with words sometimes, Drew Callahan," she drawls, then scrambles out of my lap so she can stand in the middle of the tub, her gaze locked on the floor. "Holy shit, I think half the bathwater is on the floor."

We both laugh and help each other out of the tub, then throw down as many towels as we can find on the floor to sop up all the water. She pulls on a white terry-cloth robe provided by the hotel that overwhelms her completely, the collar puffed up around her neck, the hem of the robe dragging on the still damp floor. I dry off and follow her out into the room, where she sheds the robe and crawls into bed. I follow her, pulling her close and holding her to me.

"Well, I know we don't do it very often, but there is one really good thing about arguing with each other," she says after a few quiet moments when I'm about to drift off to sleep. Hell, I know it's not even six o'clock, but a nap sounds damn good right about now.

"What is it?" I ask, my voice a low murmur, my eyes tightly closed.

"Hot make-up sex." She skims her fingers down my chest, a little laugh escaping her. "That was kind of amazing, Drew."

"It was, wasn't it?" I smile. "Let's sleep on it and then I'll be ready for round two."

"Round two? How are you going to top that?"

"Watch me."

Fable

"Are you okay?" Jen slides into the booth across from me, her dark eyes full of concern as she studies me. I haven't seen Jen in the long time since I've been gone and with everything that's happened lately, I needed to come home.

So I did. I asked Owen to stay with me for a while even though he has his own place, and we've been hanging out. It's been nice. It feels good, being here.

But I'm also running away from my problems, avoiding them. Avoiding my husband. I need to tell him what's going on ...

Later.

Sniffing loudly, I shake my head, parting my lips to dump the entire story on Jen when the waitress approaches, asking if we want coffee. I asked my closest friend to meet me at a breakfast place none of us ever frequent, clear on the other side of town. I want no one to hear anything we have to say. This secret I'm about to reveal is huge.

And Drew is going to probably kill me when he finds out.

"I'd like some, thanks," Jen tells the waitress before she chances a glance at me. "Do you?"

Ugh. Just the thought of coffee makes my stomach recoil. And I lived on the stuff up until a few weeks ago. "No, thank you. Maybe some juice, though. I don't know, orange juice?"

The waitress looks at me, her pen poised on her order pad. "You want it, then? Orange juice?"

Do I? I feel like I can't make a decision to save my life at the moment. "Yes," I say firmly with a nod. "Orange juice. And a glass of water, too."

"Anything else? Something to eat? We have a pumpkin spice French toast special," she suggests. "It's delicious."

My stomach revolts. God, that sounds disgusting. "No thanks," I say between my teeth, handing her the menus she left at the table when I first got there, just about five minutes before Jen arrived. "I'm good."

"Me, too," Jen says. "I already ate."

The waitress leaves us alone and Jen glances around, then leans across the table, her voice low. "What's wrong with you? Tell me. I'm in a panic here. When I got your voice mail, you sounded so freaked out you scared me."

"Sorry. I didn't mean to scare you. It's not that big of a deal. Well, it sort of is." Swallowing hard, I try to come up with the best way to say this. But it's only Jen. She's not going to judge. She might think I'm an idiot but she definitely won't judge. May as well state it plainly. "I'm pregnant."

A pause as the words sink in and I watch her reaction. It's rather fascinating, really. Her eyes light up, her lips part, and color blooms in her cheeks. Her excitement is a palpable thing as she looks ready to squeal, then slaps her hand over her mouth at the last moment so all I see are wide, shock-filled brown eyes. "Really?" she asks, her voice muffled against her fingers.

I slowly nod. "Really."

The waitress arrives at that precise moment, flipping over the coffee cup that sits upside down on the saucer in front of Jen before pouring the steaming brown liquid into the white mug. The bitter scent reaches my nostrils, making me wrinkle my nose, and I rest a hand over my stomach, hoping like crazy I don't puke right here in the middle of this tiny coffee shop.

This is how I knew I was pregnant in the first place. Every little scent, every smell, especially either perfume or food, and I want to hurl. It's a horrible feeling. My stomach is constantly nauseous and I'm so tired all the time. All I want to do is nap.

"How?" Jen breathes out the question as soon as the waitress leaves. She tears into three creamers and dumps them all into the coffee, then tears open a bunch of sugars and dumps those in, too. I watch her with a grimace on my face I can feel. Ugh, that's gross.

Then her question sinks in and I want to laugh. "How do you think?" I wish the waitress would bring my orange juice, my water, or both. I'm dying of thirst.

"Well, I know how." Jen rolls her eyes. "But I thought you were on the pill."

"I am. That's the thing. I don't know what happened." That's the part that scares me the most. He's going to think I somehow tricked him into this. I talk about getting pregnant, we fight, we make up, we have amazing, hot, toe-curling sex for the rest of the night, and then five weeks later, I figure out I'm pregnant. It had to be that night.

I'm afraid he's going to believe I set this up. I don't want him mad at me.

The waitress reappears yet again with my drinks and she sets them on the table, smiling down at me. "Are you sure you don't want anything else?"

"I'm fine," I say and Jen says the same, so the waitress leaves.

"How far along are you?" Jen asks the second we're alone again.

"Five or six weeks. I took a pregnancy test last week."

"And you haven't told Drew yet? You've been holding this in for an entire week?" Jen shakes her head and sips from her cup. "I would've burst by now."

"Yeah, well, I've known for at least two weeks; I was just too damn scared to take the test and have it confirmed." Sighing, I glance at the glass of orange juice and realize I don't want it after all. Water is safer. "Wouldn't Colin freak out if you got pregnant right now?"

"Well, yeah." Jen shrugs. "But we aren't married yet. We're in no hurry. We're definitely in no hurry to have kids yet, either."

Their relationship is kind of weird. As in, they're completely and totally committed to each other but neither of them feels the need to make it legal. It works for her, it works for him, and they're the only ones who really matter in this relationship, so who am I to judge?

"You two have been together for years and you're married, so I'd think Drew would be thrilled you're having a baby," Jen continues, sending me a pointed look. "Unless you're the one who's really unhappy? Because I know where we could go and get things taken care of."

"Oh my God, no," I breathe, the idea of doing what she's suggesting flashing a big red no in my brain. "I'm not against that sort of thing but I want this baby, Jen. I want it more than anything."

"So what's the problem?"

She makes it sound so simple. I launch into the story of what happened in Boston. Hanging out with Amanda Thomas and her baby, telling Drew I wanted one, fighting over it, coming to the compromise that we'll wait.

And now I'm pregnant.

"He's going to shit," I say after I explain everything.

"He's also going to think you did this on purpose," Jen adds.

"My biggest fear of all." Propping my elbows on the edge of the table, I rest my head in my hands and stare down at my legs, at my still flat stomach. Will I soon not be able to see my legs at all? Will I have a giant belly that'll make me waddle and look like an idiot? What if I get all bloated? Will Drew still find me attractive?

"You need to tell him," Jen says, her voice soft. "Where is he?"

"He left for Chicago." I drop my hands and look at her. I feel tears threaten and I blink them away. I can't cry. I've cried enough this last week to fill a freaking river. I never do that. I'm a complete mess. "I was going to tell him last weekend but I chickened out."

"Does Owen know?"

"No." I shake my head. "He'd tell Drew. He'd tell everyone. He can't keep a secret."

"Are you having morning sickness?"

"More like morning, noon, and night sickness," I say wryly, then take another sip of my water. "Plus I always want to take a nap. I told Owen I'm sick and that's why I came back here, but that excuse is only going to hold up for so long."

"That's why you need to tell your husband you're having his baby." She stares hard at me. "You quit taking the pill when you suspected it, right?"

"Yes, absolutely." I nod. My body had felt different a few days after I came home from Boston. I can't quite describe it, but ... I knew. Not at that precise moment, but something was up. I quit taking my pills a week later, figuring I'd go to the doctor for a different prescription.

Instead, I found myself knocked up.

"Are you going to Chicago this weekend?" Jen asks.

"No, I'm staying here. The weather is for crap, and I don't think I'd be up to traveling anyway. I told Drew I was sick, too," I admit miserably.

"Oh, Fable. You gotta be honest with him. He's your man, your husband, and now the father of your child. He might be shocked, but he'll get over it. What's done is done. And he's going to be happy. Trust me." Jen smiles and I want to agree with her. I want to be confident that Drew won't be upset or think I did something to deceive him.

But I'm scared. This is something Mom would do. In fact, she did just this with Owen's father, who I can barely remember, he was in and out of our life so quickly. They weren't married, but they were pretty steady for a short, intense period of time.

Then she got pregnant, told him, and he bailed. I don't remember the details because I'd been young and I didn't care, but here I am, so proud of the fact that I changed my path. I'd been sure I was going to turn into my mother. I looked like her, I was working the same sort of jobs as her, I had the same reputation. Then I met Drew and he changed everything.

My true colors slip out every once in a while, though, and bleed all over my new life. The old me isn't completely out of my system yet. Though I hadn't planned any of this, had not tricked him on purpose, something happened. Perhaps I forgot to take a pill or took one too late? Had it been some sort of subconscious thing? I don't know.

All I know is I'm frightened of my husband's reaction when he finds out.

Chapter Eight

Fable

I wake up from yet another nap to find Owen standing above my bed, his expression one of incredulity as he watches me.

"What's wrong?" I scramble into a sitting position, smoothing my hair with shaking fingers. Everyone makes me nervous lately and I blame hormones. And the fact that I'm hiding a major secret that weighs on my chest like a solid steel beam, crushing my heart and making me anxious.

"I was, uh, just watching some gossip show on TV and it said you're pregnant." He pauses, his eyes so wide they look ready to bug out of his head. "Is it true?"

"What?" I stumble out of the bed, tripping over my feet, and I nearly fall. Owen dodges toward me, gripping my arm and saving me from landing on my ass. "What gossip show did you see this on? And since when do you watch gossip shows?"

"Never mind that, who cares about that shit? What I want to know is the truth." He pauses, staring at me, suddenly looking so very wise and adult. I almost want to squirm under his stare and I wonder if he picked that look up from me. "Are you pregnant, Fable?"

I don't answer him. Instead, I yank out of his grip and go to the bedside table, grabbing my phone to see if I have any text messages.

Oh, and I definitely do. My heart sinks. They're all from Drew, asking that I call him, each one more frantic than the next, and there's a voice mail from him, too. With a shaking finger, I press play and listen to it.

Fable, I need you to call me, baby. There are reports that you're pregnant all over the internet and the publicists are asking me if it's true. I told them it wasn't, but I guess there's talk of a reliable source and they heard it straight from your mouth or whatever. Anyway. Call me. We gotta talk. Now. Love you.

Closing my eyes, I press my lips together, the phone still clutched to my ear even though the message is over. I'm wobbly on my feet, my head is spinning, and I collapse onto the edge of the bed, sitting heavily on the mattress. I crack open my eyes to find Owen still staring at me, though now he looks positively freaked out.

"You've been weird for weeks, telling me you're sick or whatever. You sleep all the time and you're not eating. I've heard you puke a few times." He grimaces and shakes his head. "Fuck me, you are pregnant, aren't you?"

I can't even work up the energy to protest, let alone scold him for saying "fuck." "Fine. Yes, I'm pregnant."

He gapes at me, for once in his life at a loss for words. "Holy shit, Fabes. Does Drew know?"

"He's gonna know in about two minutes, so can you give me some privacy?" My heart sinks to my stomach at the realization that I'm about to deliver news to Drew that's going to change our lives completely. And he might be angry about it, too.

"Yeah, sure, Fabes." As if in a daze, Owen leaves my bedroom, closing the door behind him.

I sit on the edge of the bed for a few more minutes, rehearsing in my head what I'm going to say to Drew.

Remember how I wanted to have a baby? Well, guess what?

Yay, I'm pregnant!

Drew, you're going to be a daddy.

Please don't be mad at me.

I love you.

Ugh.

Deciding to just go for it, I hit his number and put the phone to my ear, listening to it ring. He answers after the first one.

"There you are. I was freaking out," he says, sounding a little frantic. "Where were you?"

"Taking a nap," I say, swallowing hard. Now that I have him on the phone, it's hard for me to actually do this. To say the words, I'm pregnant.

"Fable, everyone in marketing and publicity is freaking out. Some jackass supposedly followed you and said he heard you say you were pregnant to a friend in a restaurant." He pauses, letting the words sink into my stunned brain. Holy crap, someone actually followed me and Jen? Unbelievable. "Is it true? Or is this ass**le just making shit up? I told them it's not true because I'd know if you were pregnant or not. I mean, shit-I'm your husband. And we already discussed this. You wouldn't run and go tell a friend first."

Actually, now both Jen and Owen know before my own husband, but that's beside the point. "I don't want you to be mad at me," I murmur.

"What?"

I clear my throat. "Drew. I'm pregnant."

He's quiet. Way too quiet. I can feel the explosion building, can practically hear the wheels turning in his brain as he tries to process what I just said. "You're kidding." He sounds scarily calm.

"I'm not." I lie back on our bed, my stomach pitching and rolling like a tiny boat caught in a stormy sea. "I'm about five weeks along."

"How long have you known?"

"That doesn't matter." I didn't expect that question, though it was stupid of me not to.

"It kind of does, at least to me. How long have you been keeping this secret, Fable? Did you really tell someone else at a restaurant? Who the hell was it?"

"I was with Jen," I admit, closing my eyes. "I was scared to tell you, Drew. I didn't know what you might say or how you'd react, especially after what happened in Boston."

"When?" His voice drops to a near whisper. "When do you think it happened? That we conceived the-baby?"

"This is the funniest part." Not really, but I'm trying to make light of the situation. "I'm pretty sure it happened when we were in Boston."

"But you're on the pill." Another pause. "Right?"

"Yes. This is why I was afraid to tell you. I was scared you'd think I tried to trick you. We agreed that we wouldn't try for a baby for at least a year, and then I go and get pregnant." It was almost a relief, unloading all of that. For the first time in about two weeks, I feel like I can breathe easy again.

"Fable." His husky voice is thick with emotion. "I can't freaking believe it."

"Are you upset?" Fear kicks in again, making my heart beat triple time.

"No. Hell, no," he says quickly, his voice fierce. "I just ... I think I'm in shock. Holy shit, Fable. We're going to have a baby."

"I know." Tears form, slipping from the corners of my eyes. "I'm still shocked, too. It's hard for me to wrap my head around."

"And it's weird, right? That we have that entire fight about having a baby and then bam, you get pregnant. I think that's a sign." He goes quiet again and I listen to his breathing, know that he's still trying to process all of this, the poor guy. My poor, sweet, accepting husband. How did I get so lucky? "It was meant to be, Fable. This baby, us becoming parents at this time in our lives. It's like God's will or something."

"Yes, I-I think so, too," I say, sniffing discreetly, but he hears me.

"You're crying, aren't you?"

"Fine. Yes, I am." A sob chokes me up and I let it out, beginning to cry in earnest. It takes me a moment to compose myself before I blurt out a string of words. "I was so afraid you'd be mad and think I tried to trap you into this. I have no idea what happened. I can't tell you if I took a pill too late or what. It just ... happened."

"Birth control pills aren't one hundred percent foolproof," he says, Mr. Factoid. "We've been taking a risk for years."

"Yeah, I guess you're right."

"I wish you were with me," he murmurs, the promise in his voice making my skin sizzle. Helping me momentarily forget my drying tears.

"I wish I were there, too," I confess.

"Are you feeling okay?"

The question makes me laugh, because I have been the complete opposite of feeling okay. "No. This little booger does its damnedest to make me miserable on a daily basis."

"How? Holy shit, Fable, I can't believe you haven't told me until now that you're pregnant. All this time I could've helped you ... do you need anything? Do you want me to come home?" He sounds panicked, and I immediately reassure him.

"No, I'm fine, really, and I have Owen. He'll help me if I need it. And I have Jen. I just get morning sickness, like all the time, and I'm really tired."

He doesn't sound convinced, but he gives in. "Fine. Okay. As long as you're all right." Drew pauses and my heart lightens. He just wants to make sure I'm all right and I adore him for that. "I'm sorry, baby. I'd take care of you if I were there. Give you whatever you need."

"I know." I smile. "I'll come see you when you get back."

"No, I'll come see you. It's your lucky day because I have a bye week next week and no game to play," he says.

"Really?" Hope lights my chest, filling it with warmth. A bye week means my husband won't have a game to play or practice for. He can have a few extra days off. "Oh my God, Drew, that's such great timing."

"I know, baby. I'll be home Monday. And I'll take care of you all week, okay? I promise."

"Okay." I sniff again, more tears falling. "I love you."

"I love you, too. Fuck, I can't believe I'm going to be a dad."

I burst out laughing, even through the tears. "Well, get over it because it's true. You so are."

"And you're going to be a mom." His voice softens, full of wonder. "We're going to have a baby, Fable."

"Yes, I know. A baby, Drew. You're going to be a daddy."

"I didn't even ask when you're due."

"I figure mid-June." I sniff again. "Isn't that perfect? You won't be playing, you won't be at training camp. I'll have you all to myself, the both of us anxiously awaiting his birth."

"His birth, huh?"

"Yeah, I think it's a boy." I love the idea of a mini Drew.

"What if it's a girl?"

"I don't care, as long as the baby is healthy," I say truthfully.

"Amen to that," he agrees, his voice soft and full of sincerity. "I love you, Fable. So damn much."

His words mean so much to me, as does his easy acceptance. Why had I been so scared? Did I really believe he'd think I tried to trick him? He has more faith in me than that. I'm the one who lacks faith-in myself. "I love you, too. Call me tomorrow after practice, okay?"

"I will. I promise."

Drew

I spend the next few days walking around in a daze. At practice, I go through the motions; I talk to people, including the publicity team, who draw me into a twenty-minute meeting as to how we're going to handle this entire "Fable Callahan is pregnant" thing. That's what they actually call it. The Fable Callahan Is Pregnant event, or some such shit. They want to capitalize on it. Make me out to be a wholesome family guy who's madly in love with his wife and taking care of her brother.

Every bit of it's true, but they make it sound like a damn gimmick when it's my actual life.

Sometimes, I really hate publicity types. All they care about is getting the story out and making everything look good. They questioned me repeatedly about Fable telling a friend she's pregnant at a restaurant. Why was she talking about such a private matter in public? Why did she do something so ridiculous? Why did she not pay attention to who was around her?

I came up with some bullshit, making excuses for her because I'm not going to let them bash on my wife. Hell, I made up that I already knew she was pregnant and I was just playing them off to protect Fable's privacy.

They looked at me like I was crazy. Whatever. They can believe what they want to believe.

Game day came and I tried my best to focus, but again, I played through a haze. Unbelievably enough, I actually played pretty damn well while my brain was in a complete fog, and we actually won by a large margin.

Crazy.

Now I'm headed home, ready to surprise my wife, who has no idea when I'm arriving. I'd been purposely vague, wanting to come home to her bearing gifts fit for the future mother of my child. I stopped at a local florist and picked up a bouquet of flowers, rendering the lady speechless when she realized who I was. I still forget I'm considered a celebrity, and it's weird to have people react to me like that. I tried to blow it off, but I gave her my autograph and took a photo with her because she asked me to.

When I enter the house, it's eerily quiet. I get why Fable came back here-she wanted comfort, to surround herself with the familiar, but damn, I wish she'd been at our house near Santa Clara. The weather is for shit; a steady rain had been falling since I woke up earlier this morning in San Francisco and it followed me all the way over here. Owen's at school, or at least he should be. Fable should definitely be home.

So where is she?

I walk through the house, clutching the bouquet in one hand and a gift bag in another. She's not in the kitchen or living room, so I head to our bedroom, where I find her, buried underneath the blankets and sleeping. Her number-one complaint since she told me she was pregnant is how tired she is all the time. I advised her to nap as much as possible while she can because once the baby's born, she can kiss all those self-indulgent naps goodbye.

My making that comment resulted in her falling completely apart and crying for five minutes on the phone. I felt like an insensitive idiot. Her hormonal mood swings are damn scary. I never know what I'm going to get.

Had I thought she'd gotten pregnant on purpose? When I was first told of the pregnancy rumors, I blew it off. The media will say anything to get attention. But then it kept happening. The story about the reporter overhearing Fable tell a friend she was pregnant threw me. It made me start believing it. Made me wonder if she'd already been pregnant when we were in Boston and didn't know how to tell me when I flipped out on her.

When I finally got the truth out of her, I'll confess I was stunned. When she told me everything, I realized quickly I'd been wrong in my early assumptions.

Do you ever feel like you're being tested? There are things and situations and people thrown at you throughout your entire life and you have to deal with it. Are you strong enough? Are you capable? Or do you run away and hide?

I used to be angry. I used to ask why me. What had I done to deserve this? To deserve dealing with my stepmom, my oblivious dad, my dead mom, my dead sister ... I had reason to be angry.

Those tests turned me into a stronger man, and hopefully a better man. I have to be strong for my wife. And for our unborn baby. I can only hope I'll be a good enough father to him-or her. I didn't have the best example for parents, and neither did Fable.

Shit. We could turn into complete and utter failures.

Worry clawing at me, I set the gift bag and flowers on the dresser and then kick off my shoes and tear off my sweatshirt and the T-shirt I'm wearing underneath it. Leaving on my sweats, I join Fable in bed, moving in behind her, slipping my arm around her waist and pulling her in even closer. She comes awake slowly, her body relaxing into mine, a soft little murmur of hello escaping from her, and I kiss the back of her fragrant neck, thankful to have her in my arms.

"Morning, sleepyhead," I whisper.

"How long have you been here?"

"I just got home. I left early." I'd been damned eager to get home and hardly slept last night, too excited to see my wife. To be home. I'm never home if I'm not with her. She is my home. "Have you been sleeping all morning?"

"I got up before Owen went to school and made sure he left okay. He's been sleeping through his alarm lately and skipping class." She sounds irritated and I can't blame her. I think Owen's been slipping up since he started college. So easy to do during freshman year. "I tried to stay up." She turns in my arms, staring up at me as she reaches for me and winds her arms around my neck. "But I was so tired."

"I think you might be too tired." I drop a kiss on the tip of her nose.

"It's normal. I went to the doctor Friday, remember? She said it's expected. My body's adjusting."

Unable to help myself, I reach down and settle my hand over her very flat belly. "When are you going to start showing?"

"I bet you'd like that, huh? Your poor fat wife." She laughs somewhat self-consciously. "I still have a few months before that happens."

"Oh." I'm sort of disappointed. I want proof that baby is growing inside of her. But I'm patient. It'll happen. "Are you still tired?"

"Sort of." She yawns, doesn't even bother covering it up. "I tossed and turned a lot last night."

"Why?"

"Too anxious for you to come home." She offers me a shy smile, so unlike Fable I'm a little surprised. My girl rarely acts shy. She's bold and determined and sometimes downright ferocious. No one crosses Fable. She's f**king tough.

Right now, though? She looks ready to slip behind a giant wall so she can hide.

"Are you okay?" I ask because I'm concerned. She's not acting like normal and yeah, maybe I can blame the hormones and the baby, but maybe not. I need to make sure she's really okay.

"I'm good. I just ..." Her voice drifts off and she leans into me, her face pressed against my neck. I can feel her breathe against my skin, her lips on me, damp and plush, and she kisses me there, soft and sweet. "I feel weird after everything that's happened."

"What do you mean?" I tug on the ends of her hair to force her to look at me.

She tilts her head back, her gaze meeting mine. "I feel like I deceived you somehow, and that was never my intention. I was scared and I didn't know what to do. I didn't know how to tell you that I was pregnant. I needed advice, so I went to Jen. And then it all backfired. The last thing I wanted was for you to find out you're going to be a father from some dumb gossip site or TV show."

"You were only trying to do what you thought was right by going to Jen," I say softly, but she shakes her head.

"Yeah, and what I thought was doing the right thing turned out to be totally wrong. What if I do that more often than not? What if I do that sort of thing with our baby? Sometimes my judgment isn't the best and I do dumb stuff. Maybe I can't be trusted to be a parent. I might end up a shitty one, you know. My mom was awful. She's still awful. And I have no idea who my dad is, so he doesn't count. The example I had growing up was not so great," Fable admits.

"I was just thinking the same thing." When she looks up at me questioningly, I continue. "I had terrible examples, too, you know. My dad wasn't around much and we won't even mention A-"

Fable presses her fingers against my lips. "Don't say her name," she murmurs, her voice edged with steel.

I chuckle, and she drops her fingers from my mouth. "You know what I mean. Anyway, my parenting situation as a kid was pretty f**ked up, too, Fable."

"So what are we going to do? How are we going to do this? I don't know how to be a mother and you don't know how to be a father." She pauses as if she just realized something. "We're going to be a total wreck as parents, aren't we?"

"Hey." I cup her cheeks with my hands, forcing her to stare into my eyes. She blinks up at me, looking lost and worried and in desperate need of reassurance. "Remember when we first got together? Remember how f**ked up that all was? We knew we didn't make any sense but it happened anyway. We realized the only way we made sense was together."

"Okay," she whispers with a little nod. "But what does that have to do with our being parents?"

"We work as a couple. We'll work as parents, Fable. I have faith in that and you should, too," I say vehemently, sweeping my thumbs slowly over her cheeks, marveling at how soft her skin is. "We're going to make great f**king parents, don't you think?"

"Not if you use language like that around our child," she sniffs, making me laugh. "I'm serious, Drew. Look at Owen. He never stops with the language. Ever. It's awful."

"Neither do you, baby," I say just before I lean in to kiss her.

"Hey, I've really cleaned up my act," she protests once I break the kiss. "I've been especially good these past few weeks. Do you know the baby can hear pretty much everything I say right now?"

"The baby doesn't even have ears yet," I remind her.

"Not true. She's hearing everything. Trust me. So keep it clean."

"Now the baby's a she?" I like the idea of a blond little girl with flashing green eyes and a sassy attitude running around. I like that a lot.

"I go back and forth. One day it's a boy, the next it's a girl. We do want to find out what the baby's sex is, right? I don't think I can stand waiting until I deliver," she admits.

"I definitely want to find out what we're having. The idea of it being a surprise ... I don't like that." I've never been a fan of surprises. They make me uneasy.

"That's how they did it in the olden days," she points out, oh so helpfully.

"This isn't the olden days anymore, Fable. Let's take advantage of modern technology." I kiss her again because she's so hard to resist. Just like that I'm swept up in the taste of her lips, the feel of her, the little sounds she makes.

Then I remember what I left on the dresser and I pull away from her with a quick "hold on." I dash over to the dresser and grab the flowers, thrusting them toward her. She takes them from me, her expression one of shock.

"What are these for?"

"Um, a congratulations that you're having my baby?" I snag up the gift bag and hand that over to her as well. "And a gift."

"Drew, you didn't have to do all this." She says this but I can tell she likes it. Her cheeks are flushed and her mouth is curved in a pleased smile.

"Yeah, I did. The mother of my baby deserves all the gifts in the world," I say.

Her cheeks redden even further and she reaches into the bag, pulling out the infant-sized gold-and-red 49er onesie that I picked up at one of the gift shops in the stadium. "Oh my God," she breathes, her gaze fixed on the piece of baby's clothing. "It's so small. And so cute."

"I knew the gift shop had some baby wear, so I went in there hoping to find something."

"You bought it? You're the quarterback-shouldn't they just give you this stuff?" she asks, never tearing her gaze away from the onesie.

I climb into bed beside her again, propped on my elbow, watching her trace the stitching of the tiny piece of clothing with her index finger. She likes it, I can tell. "I didn't have time for all that. I went into the gift shop, bought it real quick, and jammed. I don't care if I have to pay for it or not."

"I love it." She meets my gaze, her smile small, the look in her eyes hopeful. "This makes it feel so much more concrete. Our baby's first gift."

"Is it?"

"Well, yeah. I mean, Jen knows, and Owen. Of course, now Colin knows. But I've received no gifts from anyone. I mean, who the heck do I know?"

"You have friends. The other players' wives," I point out, and she waves a hand.

"Meh, I'm happy you were the first one to give Junior a gift." She smiles and kisses me, still clutching the onesie in her hand.

"Junior who? Junior me or Junior Fable?" I ask, amused at her flipping and flopping.

"I'm not sure yet," she says. "All I know is I'm glad you're here for me."

Her words strike me dead center in the heart. "I'll always be here for you. You'll never have to worry about that," I say sincerely.

"I know. I believe you. I have faith in you." Her smile is tremulous and her eyes are filled with tears. "We're going to make it, aren't we, Drew? And we're going to be the best parents ever."

"You better f**king believe it," I say right before I kiss her, earning a shocked laugh out of her for my words.

"We're not allowed to say those words anymore. They might damage our child's psyche," she says primly, and I scoff.

I f**king scoff. I mean, really? "You gotta be kidding me."

"I'm not kidding. We need to clean up our acts."

"Are you going to be one of those moms?"

"What type of mom are you talking about?" she asks.

"The nerdy kind who are always good and doing the right thing, because if that's the case, I can go ahead and kiss my sex life goodbye. You know, because we can't have sex for fear of traumatizing the baby since he or she is inside of you at the moment," I say.

"Oh my God, I never even thought of that," she whispers, her eyes wide.

"Well, don't, because later tonight, we're going to have sex whether little Junior likes it or not and you're going to love it, I can guarantee you that. So let's take a nap. I'm exhausted," I say as I pluck the flowers off the comforter and grab the onesie, getting out of bed to go set them back on the dresser.

"Shouldn't you put the flowers in water?" she asks.

"I can rest them in the sink in the bathroom," I suggest, knowing it's a lame solution. And the easiest solution, since all I want to do is crawl back into bed and hold my wife.

"I don't think so," she says on a sigh, slowly shaking her head. She waves a hand. "Hurry up then and come back to bed, Drew."

Finer words were never spoken.

Chapter Nine

Drew

My wife is due any day now and I'm ...

Not with her.

I got a huge endorsement deal I flat-out couldn't refuse and I'm in the middle of a giant warehouse in downtown Los Angeles, sweating my balls off as endless photos are taken of me wearing fall athletic gear. Considering it's the middle of June and near record-breaking highs are predicted today, I'm f**ked.

And grumpy.

Fable encouraged me to go because she's good at that, the supportive wife thing. Plus, I think she wanted me out of the house for a day or two. If anyone's grumpy, it's Fable. Oh, and don't forget moody. Her belly is swollen with child, her back aches, and she can barely move around, she waddles so bad. The baby shifted low, so low Fable appears she's in danger of delivering at any minute, but the doctor checked her not even two days ago and said she's not dilated yet.

So we wait. I grow impatient. I started reading that What to Expect When You're Expecting book just to know what's going on, and that was the final straw for my wife. She took the book straight out of my hands and told me to go mow the lawn or something, find a hobby.

Stop worrying about my pregnant wife.

When the call came for the deal with one of the leading shoe and athletic-wear brands in all the world, I leapt at it, then retreated when they said they wanted to see me as soon as possible. But Fable wouldn't let me turn them down.

"What, you'll be gone one day and then fly home that night. I won't have the baby in that short amount of time." She ran her hand over her huge belly as I sat there trying to come up with all sorts of arguments. I knew, though, that I wasn't going to win. "I'm starting to think I'm never going to have this baby. She's taken up residence in here forever."

Sometimes I think she wishes that because the idea of childbirth scares the crap out of her. Other times, I know she's ready to get this over with when she moans, "Get her out."

I'm standing in front of a white backdrop, the camera flashing in my eyes again and again as the photographer snaps away, when one of the assistants runs up and whispers something in the photographer's ear.

He pauses, standing straight. "Well, tell him, then."

The assistant approaches me hesitantly, her demeanor shy and a little worried. "You had a call, Mr. Callahan, on your cell phone. I saw that it kept ringing with the same number and I finally answered it for you."

Oh holy f**k. I'm the worst husband ever. I left my phone on the counter by the mirror where they did my hair and freaking makeup earlier. Yes, I'm this close to losing my man card and no way can I ever admit this to anyone, especially Owen. I'd lose respect points for sure.

"Who was it?" My heart starts to pound and I try to ignore it. It's probably nothing important. Most likely it's Owen griping to me about Fable or Fable griping to me about Owen. They've been getting in lots of arguments lately only because her patience level is zero and Owen is completely freaked out by the creature who was once his sister.

"Your wife. Well, it really wasn't your wife. More like a message from her." The assistant's narrow face is solemn and I swear to f**king God, my heart goes from a full gallop to a dead stop in a matter of seconds.

"What's wrong?" The words rush out of me and I rub the back of my neck, digging my nails into my skin as ice-cold shock washes over me. At the same time, it's so damn hot in here. The sun is glaring down from the giant windows above us, making my head sweat.

Right now, though, I'm sweating for a purely different reason.

"Well, um, this is sort of weird for me to tell you since I don't even know you, and I wanted the person on the phone to tell you this since he claimed he's your brother-in-law, but ..."

"Just spit it out," I say, cutting her off.

"Right." She nods multiple times, her head doing this weird little bobbing thing. "Your wife is in labor."

Relief floods me at hearing the words. I've been on edge for months. Fable pregnant is a scary thing in itself, but it's ten times worse when I'm not with her. She's been by my side throughout most of her pregnancy, especially these last couple of months since the season ended. I've left for a few business things, including another endorsement deal I got and a team meeting we all were required to attend. She's stayed mostly at home with Owen, who's around quite a bit. He just finished his freshman year last week. He plans on taking a summer trip to Hawaii with his friends since he never went on a grad trip after his senior year of high school, but he's not leaving until Fable has the baby. He's sticking around for that because he's a good brother.

And Fable would strangle him if he missed the birth of his niece.

"How long ago did the call come in?" I ask as I glance up at the clock on the opposite wall. I've been here for hours and now I'm more than eager to get home to my wife. I can't miss her having this baby. She'd be devastated.

"A few minutes ago." The assistant holds out her phone toward me. "Your brother-in-law asked that you call him back."

Shit. I bet Owen is panicking right now. I know I would be if I were him. Fable wasn't supposed to go into labor yet and she's probably totally freaking him out. He's still a teenager and the last thing he wants to deal with is his laboring sister, I'm sure.

Grabbing the phone, I dial Owen's cell number, not surprised when he answers after the first ring. "Thank God you got the message."

"Nice to hear your voice, too. Now let me talk to your sister," I tell him.

"Dude." Owen pauses for a moment and I can tell he's walking. Exiting a room or something-I'm not sure, I can only imagine. "She's been in labor for hours. I only just now convinced her to come to the hospital."

"Wait a minute, hours?" I left the house only a few hours ago myself. What the hell? "Is she all right? Is she in pain?"

"She's in labor. Of course she's in f**king pain." Owen blows out a harsh breath. "This shit is scary, man. You need to get back here quick. I think she's going to have the baby soon. She's screaming and yelling and cursing like you would never believe. I can't handle it."

"Well, get over yourself because you're going to have to handle it until I get there." I make a gesture at the photographer. "Hold on, Owen." I place my hand over the phone. "I'm out of here. My wife is having a baby."

Everyone starts clapping and whistling, and I go to the changing area to grab my bag. The assistant runs after me, calling my name and asking for the clothes I'm modeling, and I tell her I'll pay for them as I exit the building.

"Sorry, dude, I had to get my stuff-I'll be on the quickest flight home I can." Fable's at our Santa Clara house and so is Owen, awaiting the birth. "Are you at the hospital?"

"Hell yeah, we are. She wanted to stay at home until I finally convinced her I was going to freak if she gave birth on the carpet," Owen mutters.

I can hear him telling her that, too. "Is her doctor there?"

"I guess so; I don't know. She wouldn't let me call you for the longest time. She said she didn't want to disturb your photo session, which I thought sounded totally lame, but she told me you're making a shit ton of money so I guess I shouldn't give you any grief. But yeah. She said this photo shoot was like the most important thing ever right now."

My girl, my wife, the mother of my about-to-be-born child, drives me absolutely frickin' nuts sometimes. The most important thing is her and the baby. "How long has she been in labor?"

"You're gonna kill me," Owen says.

"Tell me, Owen."

"Since this morning." He pauses. "Before you even left, she said."

"Are you kidding me?"

"I wouldn't lie about something like this. You know it."

Jesus. "And when did you get her to the hospital?"

"A couple of hours ago. About an hour or so after you left."

She's been laboring all morning. We were told at the birthing class that first babies tended to take a long time to get here. "Let me talk to her."

"She's gonna be pissed that I called you."

"Does she expect to keep me in the dark about all of this? What's the matter with her?" I shake my head as I head outside, thankful when I see the hired car that brought me here is still waiting by the curb. The driver slides out and comes around, opening the door for me before I get a chance to do it for myself. I climb into the backseat, the phone still clutched to my ear.

"Did she want to have the baby on her own without me there? Give me a break. Tell her I called you. Now get her on the phone." I'm clutching the phone tight, gazing through the window and watching the giant industrial buildings pass by but not really seeing them. I don't care about anything but Fable and the baby and that they're all right. Nothing else matters, nothing's important. All I can focus on is Fable and the fact that she's about to have our baby.

And she wasn't going to tell me? Really?

"Hello?" I hear her breathless voice and my knees wobble, thankful I'm already sitting down. I feel like a dumbass but I don't care.

"Fable." I blow out a harsh exhale and close my eyes. "Tell me everything's fine."

"Everything's fine." Her voice drops. "I'm in labor."

"I know that, baby," I say wryly. "And why didn't you call me when this started?"

"It started before you left but I didn't want to ruin your day. Plus, at first I thought it was bad indigestion. I don't know. This photo shoot was important today. You said so yourself. I didn't want to disturb you." She pauses. "Did Owen call you?"

"No, I called Owen because I've been thinking about you." The little lie isn't a big deal, not when her safety is of the utmost importance to me. Besides, I had been thinking of her. I'm always thinking of her.

"You have?" She sounds so far away, and my arms ache to hold her and whisper encouraging words in her ear as she starts to push our child into the world.

"When am I not? And I'm headed to the airport so I can get back on the plane and come right to you." I hope like hell they have a seat available on one of the bazillion airlines that fly out of LAX. She's an hour away, flight-wise, and as every minute passes, I could be losing my opportunity to see my baby being born. I've got to find a flight somewhere.

"Finish your photos fir-" An agonized groan comes out of her and my heart leaps into my throat, nearly choking me.

"Fable." She says nothing, just pants little breaths into the phone, and then another low moan sounds from her. Holy shit. She sounds like she's dying. "Are you okay? Are you hurt?"

"It's just ..." Another breathless pant, another little grunt. Both sounds are like a punch to the gut. "A contraction."

"Baby, I'll be there as fast as I can, I promise. You can count on me." I end the call before she can protest or say another word. I clutch the phone tight and keep my gaze focused on the window, my brain going at a million miles a minute as all the worry and trepidation and fear is coursing through my body.

I'm about to become a father. Sure hope like hell I don't miss the actual birth of my daughter.

Fable

The pain is agonizing; I'm not going to lie. Anyone who glamorizes birth and what a lovely and miraculous thing it is is a flat-out liar. This sucks. I can't get comfortable, I'm pretty sure I'm as big as a house, and my nervous little brother is making me even more nervous. Oh yeah, and irritated. So much I asked him to stay away from me because he's driving me nuts.

I woke up with a contraction before Drew even left for Los Angeles. I thought it was just a twinge. I'd been having them lately-nothing too severe, just enough for me to pause in whatever I'm doing and breathe through it.

But these little twinges of pain wouldn't stop. They soon became more and more frequent. I sent Drew to Los Angeles, clutching my contracting belly as I watched him drive off to the airport. I talked to Owen and ate breakfast with him. I took a shower, I cleaned our bedroom, and then I started packing my bag, the contractions coming faster now, and even closer together.

This is exactly how Owen found me minutes later, shoving ten nightgowns into my suitcase along with five nursing bras and an extra pair of flip-flops because I can't wear real shoes anymore, my toes are so swollen. Everything about me is swollen, especially my boobs.

All the bras I packed are giant and utilitarian. Nothing cute and sexy. Not that I think my husband believes me cute and sexy anymore.

Fat and grumpy? Oh yeah. I am most definitely that.

Owen had immediately questioned why I was packing so much weird stuff and I finally confessed I thought I was in labor. You would've thought I'd told him I was dying, from the look on his face. Luckily enough, he snapped to attention and came through, making sure I had everything I needed, loaded up the car with my stuff, and wouldn't let me carry a thing. He helped me out to the car and escorted me in as I went through an awful contraction.

I didn't tell him that part, though. Just clenched my teeth and dealt with it silently. I would've made a really excellent pioneer woman, I'm sure.

I'm in bed at the hospital, in my own private room. Considering I'm the wife of the star quarterback of the 49ers, I receive only the best treatment at this place, which I'm taking advantage of. My brother is outside pacing the halls. I just talked to Jen on the phone, who's excited and nervous for me.

My husband is nowhere to be found.

Of course, this little baby girl of ours decides to show up on the day her daddy is out of town. He's been a constant by my side since the season ended. We traveled together to a few places for business until I couldn't travel anymore per doctor's orders. Then we stayed home and I went into full-on nesting mode, cleaning everything in sight and setting up the baby's room.

Drew helped, since he thinks I've turned into this weak woman who can't lift a thing. I just let him pamper me. He put together the crib, which was a study in patience on his part. He sat in the middle of the floor surrounded by various parts for hours, cursing up a blue streak, frustrated beyond belief. I tried to help him, but he finally told me to leave because I was only making it worse.

He finally did get that crib put together. We hired someone to come in and paint the room. The players' wives held a baby shower for me and they gave me so much amazing stuff for the baby, I started to cry. Right there in the middle of my shower.

I have turned into an emotional wreck, I swear.

The doctor just came in to examine me and said I was dilated four centimeters. I need to be up to ten. The hardest part of labor is coming, she warned. Considering those words just struck fear in my heart because oh my God, labor has been pretty difficult up to this point, I know I'm going to need Drew to get his ass here soon.

I need him to hold my hand and tell me everything's going to be all right. I need him to stare into my eyes and let me focus on him and nothing else. I need him to kiss me and let me curse and be my rock ...

The door bursts open and in walks Owen, looking frazzled, his hair a wreck as if he's been wrenching it between his fingers. "Have you heard from Drew?"

"No." I scowl at him. "Didn't I tell you to stay the hell out of here?"

He rears back at my words. "God, you're bitchy when you're in labor."

"You push a seven-pound baby out of your vagina and tell me if that makes you bitchy or not, okay?" I cross my arms in front of my chest, which is sort of impossible since my belly gets in the way.

"Damn it, Fabes, you just said the V word." He shakes his head, looking completely traumatized.

I ignore his protest. I don't have time for his whining. My tolerance level for Owen is at about zero. I should feel bad because he did take good care of me and the kid is only nineteen, but still. My hormones and mood are both completely crazed. "Why are you back in here again?"

"I saw something on the news. They're not letting planes land at the airport." He pauses.

"Drew's flying into SFO, right?"

I nod, unable to form words.

"I guess there's some sort of cargo plane on the runway that caught on fire. No big deal, they put it out, but it's pretty much shut down the airport while they clean it up real fast."

"You're kidding. Right?" Holy hell, he'd better be kidding. Though this isn't the time for jokes, that's for sure.

"I wish I were," Owen says grimly.

I can't even believe it. Drew was set to land at 4:10. He called with all his flight info right as he boarded the plane. Glancing at the clock on the table beside the bed, I see it is ...

A little after four. Yeah. The timing on this is like a bad comedy.

"Hand me my phone, would you?" I left it on the table on the far side of the clock and since I've been having contractions, I haven't been able to reach it. I need to just keep it by my side always. Drew will call me any minute, I hope.

Oh man, do I hope.

Owen gives me my phone and I check for texts from Drew. Nothing. I send him a quick one, asking if he's all right and has he landed yet, but no reply. I check for a voice mail. Nothing. I call him.

No answer.

"Turn on the TV," I say, waving my hand toward the television mounted in the corner of the room. "Put on the news or whatever it was where you saw the report."

"Are you sure you want to watch it? It might just make you angry," Owen says with a wince.

"Turn it on," I practically growl and he grabs the remote, clicking on the TV without a word.

Owen finds the news report quickly, a reporter standing out in front of the airport, droning on about flights being diverted to other airports, Oakland or San Jose. Some of the planes are still circling in the air above SFO, hoping to land soon. It's a giant mess, with the cargo plane still lying like a burned-out carcass in the middle of the runway, the giant yellow fire engines everywhere with their sirens flashing.

And my husband is most likely hovering above in a plane, anxious to land so he can get to the hospital.

"I feel like I'm in a really bad movie. Some stupid sitcom where everyone is supposed to find this funny," I mutter, snagging the remote out of Owen's hand and turning the television off. "I can't take it."

"I'll watch it out in the lobby," Owen says solemnly, his expression stoic. "I'll wait out there. Let me know if you hear from Drew, okay? Send me a text or something."

"You do the same."

He leans over and kisses my cheek, then ruffles my hair much like I used to do to him when he was younger and shorter than me. That was a long time ago. The memories flood me of a bedraggled Owen, dressed in clothes from the local Goodwill, his jeans too high, his shoes worn out. Wishing so hard his mom cared about him, while I was bitter and desperate to get out of there.

I ran away when I was fifteen or sixteen, I can't remember now. I tried my best to escape and I didn't plan on looking back. I had a stash of money I'd saved for myself, keeping ten bucks from the grocery money Mom gave me every week since I was the one who did all the shopping. She was too busy drinking and sleeping with her variety of boyfriends.

So I left. Snuck out in the middle of the night, hopping out the window of our apartment and eager to flee my prison. And I immediately felt guilty for leaving Owen behind. I couldn't let her raise him. She was already doing a piss-poor job and I knew if I was gone, he didn't have a chance.

I went back. For Owen. I raised him. He's more mine than he was ever Mom's. I love him, and I'm treating him like a pain in my ass because I'm in labor and missing my husband and scared.

"Owen." I grab his hand to keep him from leaving me, and he turns to meet my gaze, his expression questioning. "I'm sorry."

"For what?"

"For being a bitch." I don't try to candy coat it because it's true. I've been a total bitch and it's not fair.

"You're in labor." He shrugs. "That shit can't be easy."

I laugh, then grimace when another contraction stretches across my stomach. I squeeze his hand tight and he lets me, never saying a word of protest. "Thank you," I finally say when the contraction passes. "For everything."

"I should say the same to you, Fabes." His voice is quiet, his eyes full of a mixture of sadness and love. "You've always been there for me. You're going to be a great mother. You already are."

Tears shimmer, blurring my vision. Looking at him, how great he turned out, pride suffuses me, making my heart grow. I'm so proud of him. He's not perfect, but who is? I told him to apply to Stanford. They have an excellent football team and he could've got in. Bonus? He could have moved closer to us.

He chose to go to the same college that Drew did instead. He wants to stay home. I think he's afraid to live. I also think it's a mistake but it's not my life, it's his. That means where he goes to college is ultimately his choice. He's still a kid. He's allowed to make mistakes.

But he was never my mistake. He's my little brother, the kid I raised and took care of and never abandoned. I'm a better mother than our mom ever was.

For the first time since I found out I was pregnant, I feel like I've got this. I'm going to be a mother. This little girl is going to be coming into the world sooner rather than later and I'm ready.

Owen's right. I'm going to be a damn good mom, too.

Chapter Ten

Drew

I'm not only being tested, I feel like the entire world is against me, a giant obstacle in my race to get home and be with my wife when she gives birth.

Getting a flight back to San Francisco was easy. Too easy. I paid for my first-class seat and waited only a few minutes before boarding the plane, relaxing in the soft, oversized leather seat, refusing anything to drink from the flight attendant beyond a glass of water. I'm anxious enough. I don't need liquor or caffeine flowing through my system to make it worse.

A woman sat next to me who's a total Cowboys fan and she recognized me, giving me grief about being a 49er. I listened to her at first, trying my best to nod and be polite, but after her constant nagging of my team-and my game play-I pulled my earbuds out of the front pocket of my jeans and plugged into my iPhone, listening to music so I could tune her out.

I might have offended her but I don't give a shit. She was rude first.

It was her audible gasp about an hour later that had me yanking out my earbuds to hear an announcement being made by the captain. A cargo plane had crashed on the runway in San Francisco. All runways had been shut down. SFO wasn't allowing planes to land. We'd circle in the air for a few minutes and might be diverted to another airport.

I couldn't f**king believe it. I wanted to stand and shout, But my baby is being born, damn it!

I held it in, though. I couldn't make an ass of myself. I'd already offended the lady next to me. In fact, she was looking at me oddly right now.

"Are you okay? We'll probably end up landing in Oakland or whatever," she said reassuringly. "Though I hate those damn Raiders."

I laughed because of course, I ended up sitting next to the one football fanatic in the entire plane. "I'm fine, it's just ..."

"What?"

"My wife is in labor." I exhaled, but it didn't loosen up the ball of anxiety in my chest whatsoever. "And I need to get to the hospital so I can be there when the baby's born."

"Wait a minute. Your wife is in labor right now?" When I nodded, she continued. "And this is your first baby, right? I saw that on ESPN."

"Yeah." I rubbed a hand along my jaw as I glanced out the window. We were not going to land anytime soon, I could tell. We were too high up. "She's been in labor all day."

"Oh my word. She could have that baby at any minute!" She reached out and snagged the sleeve of the passing flight attendant. "Miss, do you know who this is?" She jerked a thumb in my direction.

The flight attendant glanced at me, a polite smile on her face. "I'm sorry, I'm afraid I don't."

"Drew Callahan, quarterback for the San Francisco 49ers." The woman said it loud enough for the entire plane to hear. Jesus. "His wife is in labor. She's going to have the baby at any minute and he's missing it!"

"There's nothing we can do-" the flight attendant started, but my seatmate cut her off.

"Don't give me that crap. Tell the captain to divert the plane to Oakland. We have a celebrity on this plane. Someone important to this entire city, and he needs to get to his wife so he can witness his baby being born."

"Hey." I touched the lady's arm. "They're doing what they can. It's all good."

"No, no it's not. Tell the captain," she said to the flight attendant, giving her a little push. "Go on."

The flight attendant scurried away and the woman turned to look at me, a smug smile on her face. "See? That's how we get things done."

"There's probably nothing they can do," I reminded her, but she shook her head.

"There is. Trust me. We'll make this happen. You'll get to see your baby being born." She reached out and patted my shoulder, seemingly forgetting that she totally ragged on me not even an hour ago. "You're no Tony Romo, but you'll do. And I can't stand the thought of you missing seeing your first child come into this world."

Crazy thing is, all her protesting and telling everyone who I was spurred the captain into gear. The entire plane was abuzz with the fact that a 49er football player was on the plane. The freaking quarterback who was trying to get home to his wife so he could be there for their baby being born. They all started grumbling and it worked to my advantage.

We landed in Oakland within twenty minutes. There was a car waiting for me, one I didn't arrange for, but someone had. Whoever it was, I offered silent thanks as I hopped into the backseat and gave the driver the address. I was on the phone with either Owen or Fable the entire time as we moved quickly through traffic, which wasn't easy considering it was rush hour.

See? The odds were completely stacked against me. Yet somehow, I made it. I got there in time. Even with Fable telling me she was dilated at nine centimeters and was starting to feel the urge to push, I told her to hold off as long as she could. I wanted to be there.

I needed to be there. To get so close and miss it would crush me. No way could I let that happen.

The driver drove like a bat out of hell, zipping through traffic and getting us to the hospital in record time. I gave the guy a two-hundred-dollar bonus, raining twenties on the front seat before I jumped out of the car with a hurried thank you and ran toward the entrance of the hospital. Owen had already told me what room Fable was in and I went to the elevator, practically hopping up and down while I waited for it to arrive.

This is f**king it. Our lives are changing as we know it, at this very moment. We're going to be parents. Our daughter is going to be born.

I'm so nervous and excited I can hardly stand it.

Fable

He made it. I've never been happier to see his face, to see his smile and smell him as he rushes into my room, coming right to my side so he can drop a kiss on my forehead and grab my hand. The doctor is there, accompanied by the nurse, and my legs are spread, my knees bent as I'm in position to get ready to push.

"You're here," I breathe as Drew kisses me and whispers that he loves me.

The doctor sends us a stern glance, her gaze flickering to the monitor that's keeping track of the baby's heart rate. "A contraction is coming. You need to get ready to push, Fable."

I grip Drew's hand hard and squeeze, bending forward, my chin practically pressing into my belly as I feel the contraction come on, big and strong. I breathe and push all at once, doing what the doctor told me earlier, trying my best to get this baby out of me.

I'm desperate to meet her. Hold her. Cuddle her close.

"Good job, baby," Drew encourages, his mouth close to my ear. "You can do this. You've got this."

I stop pushing on a sob and lean my head back against the stack of pillows. I close my eyes on a grimace, my hair sticky with sweat and plastered to my forehead and cheeks. Drew pushes the hair out of my face, tucks it behind my ears, and I crack open my eyes to find him looking right at me, his blue eyes full of love.

"You're doing great," he murmurs.

"I'm exhausted," I confess. My entire body feels weak. I don't know if I can keep this up much longer.

"A couple more pushes and you'll have a baby in your arms," the doctor promises and I let out a little groan, closing my eyes again.

"Oh God, the pressure," I say, and Drew laughs.

"Focus on me, baby." I open my eyes to find his expression has gone serious, my hand clutched tight in his as he brings it up to his mouth and kisses my knuckles. "Listen to the doc. Only a couple more pushes and she's here. You can do that, right?"

"I can," I agree weakly with a nod.

"I know you can. So let's do this."

The contraction comes again, bigger this time, and the baby's heart rate increases. I focus on the sound of my girl's heart and push with all my might. The doctor says the head is out and Drew lets go of my hand to go look, his eyes wide and his face pale as he stares. I start to laugh because the entire moment is so freaking surreal, and I can't help but wonder if he's ever going to look at my lady parts in the same way again.

Well. That's a sobering thought.

But yeah, I can't focus on that now. I'm giving birth to a baby, for the love of the God.

"One more push and she's here," the doctor advises with a small smile. "Get ready, Fable."

Drew is back at my side, gripping my hand, his sole focus on me. "Ready to meet her?"

I nod, so overcome with emotion I press my lips together to hold back the sob. I'm beyond ready to meet her. And she's beyond ready to meet us if the next contraction is any indication, because it's a doozy.

"Push!" the doctor yells, and I do. I push so hard I can feel the baby slithering out of me. "She's here!"

Within seconds she starts to wail and so do I, relief and love and exhaustion flooding me all at once. Drew kisses me, tells me he loves me, and then the doctor is asking him to cut the umbilical cord and he does, looking nervous as he takes the surgical scissors and snips it. The nurse hands him the baby and he holds her like a football. She looks so tiny, his big hand sprawled around the back of her head, and he brings her to me, a dopey smile on his face as he presents our daughter to me for the first time.

"Want to hold her, Mama?" he asks.

I tug the hospital gown down so my chest is exposed and Drew settles her there, her little face smashed against me. Her hair is black, her body red, and she makes these weird snorting noises as she noses around my breast. "She's perfect," I whisper, touching her head, smoothing her downy soft hair with the tip of my index finger.

"Yeah, she is." He stares down at the two of us in wonder. "I can't believe she's here."

"I can't believe you made it," I say, grabbing my daughter's hand and touching her fingers. They're so tiny, so perfectly formed, and I glance up at Drew, tears shining in my eyes. I can barely see him but I notice tears are shining in his eyes, too. "I love you," I whisper, my throat raw, my heart swelling.

"I love you, too. This is a miracle, Fable. We have a baby." He shakes his head, settling his hand on our daughter's back. "She's beautiful."

"She is," I agree, gazing at her. I readjust her and try to bring her to my breast and she latches on just like she's supposed to, her eager little mouth pursed around my nipple and tugging. My heart fills with love and joy and I trail my fingers across her soft cheek, feeling the tears fall.

"Are we still going to name her what we planned?" he asks.

I nod, staring at her. I'm fascinated with her sweet little wrinkled face, her wiggly little body. She feels good, nestled in my arms, snug against my bare skin. I don't even know her, we only just met, but my love for her grows so big and bright it's overwhelming. Powerful. I'd do anything to protect this little person. Anything. "Welcome to the world, Autumn," I whisper. "Your daddy and I are so glad you're here."

She lets go of my nipple when I finish talking, her big blue eyes staring up at me. I see it all in her face at that exact moment. Autumn recognizes my voice; she knows I'm her mama and for whatever reason, I can tell she's going to be wise beyond her years. She'll probably give us endless grief. Stubborn like her mama and too quiet with her problems like her daddy. She'll be smart and beautiful and strong and fearless. That's what I want most for her. That she'll be fearless and unafraid to face anything. Autumn will believe she can do anything she sets her mind to. Nothing will ever get in her way.

That's what I wish for my daughter.

It's the least that she deserves.

Chapter Eleven

Drew

I exit the bathroom wearing only a towel, the steam from my extra-hot shower billowing out of the open door, surrounding me like a thick fog. I head toward my dresser to grab something to wear when I stop short at the sight before me, my breath lodged in my throat, my heart stuttering in my chest.

Fable is on the bed, her shirt yanked above her full br**sts. She's fast asleep, lying on her side, cuddling Autumn in the ring of her arm, who's also asleep. Rosebud lips pursed, chubby cheeks pink, my girl must've been nursing on her mama and slipped into slumber.

Just like my poor, exhausted wife did.

I stare at them because I can, completely overwhelmed at the love I have for these two beautiful females in my life. Fable's been going at it full force since we brought Autumn home over two months ago, taking care of our daughter's every need while I've been a selfish jackass off playing football.

It's your job, Fable tells me time and again. And Autumn's my job. Don't feel guilty.

But I do. I offered to hire a nanny but Fable refused. I offered to take them on the road with me because I miss them like f**king crazy, but she refused that, too.

Maybe next season, Fable told me. We'll have more of a routine going by then.

I don't know if I can wait that long. I miss them and the season has barely started. I want them to be a part of my routine. I feel like I'm losing out on all sorts of first times. How will I feel a year from now, when Autumn's older and doing all of those momentous things no parent ever wants to miss? I don't think I could stand it if I missed hearing her say her first word, seeing her take her first step.

Turning away from them, I go to my dresser and open a drawer, pulling out a pair of boxer briefs and putting them on. It's my first day off in a while and I plan on spending every moment of it with Fable and Autumn.

"So. Not. Fair."

Fable's little groan makes me whirl around, concern racing through my veins. "What did you say?"

She's awake, propped on one elbow, her hair in complete disarray around her head, falling past her shoulders. She tugs the T-shirt down over her chest, a grimace marring her delicate features. "Look at you. It's disgusting."

"What? Why?" Is she mad at me? Ever since she had the baby, she's been on edge. Moody, weepy, determined, grumpy, happy, tired. Nothing out of control, but when I can't gauge her mood, it's a little disconcerting.

Fine. It's a lot disconcerting. A moody Fable is a no-fun Fable.

A sigh escapes her as she shakes her head. "You're beautiful, in the best condition of your life. I remember when we first met and I thought you were perfection then."

I stand up a little straighter, giving a quick glance down at myself. She's right. I am in peak condition. But I train my ass off. I should be in peak condition. "Uh, thanks?"

She starts to laugh. "You look scared. Don't be. I'm not going all postpartum on you. I just ... you look amazing and I look terrible."

"Are you serious?" I'm incredulous. "You don't look terrible."

"I feel terrible. I rarely wear anything but yoga pants or sweats and T-shirts, and most of the time my clothes are stained with breast milk or spit-up or whatever." She flops down on the bed, ever careful of the sleeping Autumn, who's still tucked close by her side. "I'm scared, Drew."

From misery to fear within seconds, her mood swings make no sense to me. Sometimes I have trouble keeping up with her. "Of what?" I go to the bed, scoop up Autumn, and settle in beside Fable, our baby resting on my chest. I can feel her warm little puffs of breath against my skin, her lips moving as she stirs and settles more comfortably against me, and I stroke her tiny back, reaching out with my other hand to cup Fable's cheek. "Do you know how beautiful you are right now?"

She rolls her pretty green eyes, her lips curved in the faintest of smiles. "Give me a break."

"I'm serious." I stare at her, taking in her weary eyes, the dark circles that line them, her wild hair. She's worn out and still so pretty. Guilt swamps me because I've done this to her. I'm the one who impregnated her, put her through labor, where she pushed out our baby after what felt like hours of torture-even though I wasn't there in the delivery room that long-that made me want to lose my mind because there was nothing I could do for her to ease her pain. And then I leave her to go to training camp. Take off again to start the preseason, traveling around the country playing f**king football while she stays at home and raises our child.

Who's doing the more important job here?

"What if you find someone better?" she whispers thinly, her eyes wide. "You're going to be gone all the time. You have so many fans and they throw themselves at you, Drew. I know why. I get it. You're gorgeous, you're smart, you're amazing out on that field. They want you."

"But I only want you." I tug her in close, holding both my girls to me. "We've had this conversation before," I murmur against her hair. She smells good. She always smells good. So does Autumn. "I thought you understood how I felt."

"Feeding that hungry baby at all hours of the night, my mind starts to wander," she admits, her voice small.

"Well, make it stop. I don't know what more I can do to prove how I feel about you." I pause, staring into her eyes. "I love you. Only you. You're it for me, Fable. You're my wife and the mother of my child. You've seen me at my best, at my worst, and everything in between. I don't want anyone but you. What you've given me, it's the best gift I've ever received." Leaning down, I brush her mouth with mine, feel her lips tremble.

"You mean Autumn? Because you had a hand in that, too, you know."

Chuckling, I shake my head, cuddling our baby closer to my chest. "She's a pretty awesome gift. But I'm talking about what you gave me from the very start. Before Autumn, before all of this." I kiss her again, overwhelmed by what I feel for Fable, what I want to say to her. I don't understand why she doesn't know how much I love her. Need her. "Your unconditional love, baby. You never backed down. You never gave up on me. Ever. And I needed that. I was so screwed up but you never let that stop you, thank God."

Tears are streaming down her cheeks and I swipe them away with my thumb. "I love you, Drew. So much."

"I love you, too. Just because I'm traveling all over the country and have crazy women screaming at me doesn't mean I love you any less. All that shit makes me love you even more. You're my normal. My home. I miss you so damn much when I'm gone. I miss Autumn, too. I hate being away from you two." I kiss her again, letting my lips linger on hers. She tastes sweet. Familiar. My heart thumps hard against my chest and my body stirs.

I've missed her. She was so uncomfortable those last few weeks pregnant with Autumn. And since then we haven't had a chance to be together because of doctor's orders and all that other bullshit. Plus, I've been gone.

Which means I've been without Fable for much too long. I need to rectify that.

Now.

"We hate when you're gone, too," she whispers against my lips. "But I understand, Drew. I never want you to feel guilty for working."

"Too late." I kiss her again, taking it deeper. A little sound of pleasure escapes her and I break the kiss, cuddle Autumn closer, and climb off the bed. "Going to put our little princess in her crib."

"Wait." Fable reaches out just as I turn and send her a stern look. She settles against the pile of pillows behind her, crossing her arms in front of her. "She might wake up."

"She's sound asleep," I whisper as I glance down at my baby girl snug in my arms. She's out, her lips parted, her eyes tightly closed, the spike of thick, dark eyelashes like little fans resting against her creamy skin. I may be a prejudiced bastard because she's my baby and all but damn, she's beautiful.

"Fine," Fable says on a sigh, ever the overprotective mama. "Put her to bed."

"Then I'm going to put you to bed," I say, waggling my brows, making her laugh softly. "Be prepared, wife. It's been way too long since I've had you naked."

Fable

Oh. No.

The last thing I want is Drew to see me naked. I'm still carrying an extra ring of flab around my stomach and hips and everything just looks ... weird. Plus, my boobs are enormous and while most men would probably love that, including my own man, I'm so self-conscious of those baby-feeding machines that I'm scared Drew will take one look at them and run.

Of course, the man wants to strip me naked in broad daylight, not nighttime like every other married couple on the planet. At least, that's how I always envisioned normal married couples doing it-safe and sound in their beds at night. But, no. The morning sunlight is shining through our bedroom windows, casting everything in a gentle, golden glow, and he will see everything.

Everything.

I can't stand the thought, not with him looking so amazing. He's bigger than he was when I first met him and I thought him huge then. He's wider, more solid, every muscle defined. That sprinkling of dark hair at the center of his chest gets me, as does the trail of hair that leads from his navel downward. There is nothing I love more than admiring my husband's body. Touching it. Knowing it's all mine.

But since I've had Autumn, I'm scared to death to let him see me. The real me, with the scars and the stretch marks and the extra skin and the ... oh, God. I'm going to have a panic attack just thinking about it.

I smell him before I see him, his deliciously spicy masculine scent preceding him as he walks back into our bedroom. He's smiling, that wicked, arousing smile he flashes me right before he pounces. Wearing only his boxer briefs, he's beautiful.

Quickly I tug the sheet and comforter over me, hoping he didn't see too much. I'm in my panties and a stained 49ers T-shirt. I look like hell. For once in my life, while lying in bed waiting for my husband, I wish I could disappear.

He stops at the foot of the bed, his dark brows creased in worry as he studies me. "Fable." His low, soothing voice does nothing to calm the nerves rioting in my belly. "What's wrong?"

I shrug, hoping I sound convincing. "I'm ... not in the mood right now. Sorry. Maybe later?" The words feel like complete lies falling from my lips. I am in the mood. I desperately miss my husband. But I don't want him to see me like this.

His frown deepens. "Not in the mood?"

Have I ever said that to him? Probably not.

Pressing my lips together, I nod. "I'm tired."

"I'll take a nap with you. We can all take a nap until Autumn wakes up."

"But aren't there things you need to do today?" I ask weakly, watching as he rounds the bed, tugs back the covers, and climbs in with me. "It's your day off."

"My day off that I planned to spend with you and Autumn doing nothing but hanging out with my girls." He hauls me to him and I have no choice but to lay my head on his warm, firm chest. I can feel his heart beat beneath my ear, steady and strong, and I close my eyes, breathing deep. Feeling ... right.

Whole.

"You're tired, baby," he murmurs against the top of my head just before he drops a kiss on it. "I understand." His hand rests on my shoulder, then runs down my back in a slow, smooth gesture. A sigh escapes me at his touch and he slides his hand beneath the hem of my T-shirt, touching my bare back. "Where's your bra?"

This is what my life has been reduced to. Not my husband thrilled at having me braless but concerned. Everything revolves around nursing bras and heavy br**sts full of milk and a greedy, hungry baby who can't get enough of it. I don't feel sexy. I feel like a feeding machine. I don't even remember the last time I felt sexy. Months ago? Before the third trimester? I was horny and lusting for my husband during the second trimester, jumping Drew everywhere and anywhere I could. He loved it. I loved it.

Now I'm doing my best to avoid him as much as possible. This is crazy.

"I'm sick of wearing it," I admit to him. "It's ugly and unsexy and sometimes it digs into my skin."

"Then you need a new one if it's hurting you."

I say nothing, just play with the hairs at the center of his chest, press a kiss to the spot where I can feel his beating heart. He shifts against me, I can feel his erection nudge against my belly, and I close my eyes, everything inside of me going loose and fluttery.

"Fable." I lift my head at the serious tone of his voice. He's watching me, concern etched into his handsome features. "I want you."

I close my eyes and slowly shake my head. "No, you really don't."

"I think I know if I want you or not." He sounds amused, and I crack open my eyes to find him smiling at me. My heart, my everything, melts at seeing that smile. I remember when it was hard earned. Now that smile always comes so easily and I feel responsible for that. "And I definitely want you. But I'll respect your wishes if you don't want to be with me right now."

He says it like that and his words break my heart. I think he knows this, too. Not that he's being manipulative, but ...

My husband has no problem doing what he can to get what he wants. Always to my benefit, though.

Always.

"I look terrible," I admit in a small voice. "I don't want you to see me like this."

"Like what?" His expression softens, as does his voice. "Ah, Fable." Reaching out, he settles a large, warm hand on my cheek, cupping my face as he leans down to brush my lips with his. "You're beautiful."

"I need to lose weight," I say.

"I like all the extra curves."

"My boobs are ginormous."

"I have a thing for your boobs. You know this."

A sigh escapes me and I shake my head. "You watched me give birth to Autumn. You're probably traumatized. I've read articles about that. How men aren't aroused by their wives anymore because they watched them have their baby and it freaked them out."

"You're reading way too much into this," he says, his hand going to the back of my head and tangling in my hair.

I don't bother protesting. He won't listen to me anyway. And he knows I won't really stop him, either. I'm giving in because how can I not? Drew's persuasive lips, his quick but gentle hands, his big, hard body ... all of it overpowers me. I succumb so easily because I want to.

I need to.

"It's been too long," he murmurs, his cheek pressed to mine, his mouth close to my ear. He nuzzles me, I can both feel and hear him inhale as if he's trying to somehow absorb me, and I close my eyes against the heady sensation of having my husband completely surround me.

I don't bother answering him, agreeing with him because he knows I feel the same way. It's definitely been too long. I can't believe I let my hangups keep us apart. Why did I even want to resist him? Look at him. Look at how he looks at me, as if he worships the ground I walk on. I feel the same exact way about him.

He pulls away from me so he can strip off my clothes, his gaze focused on my face, as if he knows if he looks anywhere else I'll become incredibly self-conscious, which I will. He kisses me, his tongue tangling with mine, his hands taking a path along my body, careful around my br**sts, sliding along my waist, until he grips my hips and positions me just so.

Cautious but bold. Gentle but strong. That's my Drew. He's so completely attuned to my needs. I feel his erection, hard against my thigh, hot through the thin barrier of his cotton boxer briefs. I forget all of my worries, all of my fears of him seeing me naked. All I can do is feel and revel in his love. The love that flows from his every touch, from his lips and from his tongue.

"I love you," he whispers close to my ear, his mouth damp on my flesh. "I've missed you like this."

I've missed him, too, but I don't need to say it. Not when I can show it.

Chapter Twelve

Fable

I let my hands wander, along Drew's arms, down his chest, skimming his ridged abdomen. His stomach trembles beneath my touch and I smile, thrilled that I can still affect him this way.

It's still hard for me to believe we've been together for years. That we're a married couple, that he's my husband and I'm his wife and we have a sweet daughter who is everything to us. He's a famous football player and I guess I'm his famous wife. My brother is starting his second year of college. He seems happy. We're all happy.

We're all lucky we have each other.

Drew grabs me out of nowhere and rolls me over so I'm flat on my back and he's hovering above me. He's staring down at me, still the beautiful boy I first fell in love with but now he's so much more. He's a man. A protective, smart, gorgeous, talented man who also happens to be the best father in the world. And he's looking at me at this very moment as if he's about to devour me.

A tiny thrill rolls down my spine at the realization.

"I can't even believe you'd think I'd find you too fat or whatever." He rakes his gaze blatantly over my body and I feel even more naked than I already am. "You look amazing, Fable."

"I'm still carrying an extra fifteen pounds," I confess with a wince.

"I don't care." He bends down to kiss me, his mouth lingering on mine. "None of that matters."

"Some women just bounce right back," I start to protest but he cuts me off with his lips, silencing me with a sweetly passionate kiss. He trails his tongue across the seam of my lips and I open for him, winding my arms around him so I can run my hands down the broad width of his back.

"I don't care about other women," he murmurs after he breaks our kiss. "I only care about you."

I clutch him close as he moves down my body, his hands sliding along my sides, then settling at my hips so he can grip my waist. He kisses my neck, my collarbone, my chest, and I shift beneath him, feeling restless and needy. It really has been too long since we've done this. I never want to turn into that old married couple who never have sex. We're too young for that sort of nonsense.

"You're perfect just as you are," he whispers against my belly and I giggle when his warm breath tickles me. "Never lose sight of the fact that I love you for you, Fable. That I also happen to think you're gorgeous is just a bonus."

God, when he says stuff like that I want to cry. Seriously. "I'm so glad you're home," I whisper as he moves back up to kiss me. He's naked, he somehow he kicked off his underwear, and I know he's ready. Despite his reassurances, I'm still self-conscious and he realizes it. He's being very careful of me and I appreciate it so much.

"Is it okay to have sex?" he asks, his brows furrowed in concern. "I mean, I know the doctor gave her okay, but how are you feeling?"

"Honestly? I'm a little nervous." Fine, I'm a lot nervous, but I don't want to freak him out. "Just ... go slow, okay?"

"I will." He kisses me, his lips gentle and sweet. "I promise."

And he does go slow, his patience for me an unspoken reassurance. We kiss for what feels like hours, his hands sliding all over my body, touching me in all the precise places he knows I like. He strokes me between my legs, circling my clit with his index finger until I subtly start to move against his hand, losing myself in his touch. I come this way surprisingly quick, his mouth on mine, his fingers touching me, and I pull away from him to cry out as I arch into his hand.

"Beautiful," he murmurs when my orgasm is over, and I reach for him, stroking his erection, marveling at how big he is, how hard. It's been a long time for both of us and it's left me feeling a little disconnected from him. I'm eager to get that connection back, to feel whole again. To feel as one with Drew.

I think he feels the same.

He enters me with tenderness, his touch light, his c**k thick as he pushes inside of me. I lie there completely still, taking him all in, breathing through his movements, and he pauses. His arms are braced on either side of my head and he presses his forehead against mine, staring at me with that familiar, intense blue gaze. "All right?"

Nodding, I smile. "Definitely all right."

Drew kisses me and then begins to really move. Still keeping the pace slow but steady. I feel like I'm floating, my body engulfed in pleasure as I hold him close, his skin imprinted on mine. I can smell him, fresh and clean from his shower, along with a mixture of faint sweat and sex. His thrusts begin to quicken. Harder, faster, and I'm relieved I feel no pain beyond the initial discomfort of him pushing inside of me.

"I love you," he whispers before he kisses me. A sloppy, almost desperate kiss, which tells me he's close. "I'm gonna come, Fable."

He reaches in between us before I can say anything, touching my clit, thrusting deep. "I-I'm close, too," I stutter, closing my eyes against the onslaught of sensation that's sweeping over my skin.

And then I'm coming. So is he. We're coming together and that doesn't happen very often but somehow, at this very moment, it is happening. We cling to each other, our soft moans loud, our shivery bodies electric as our skin sticks together. I'm breathing so loud I sound like I just ran a marathon, and so does he.

"Damn, that was ama-" he starts but is interrupted.

A wail sounds in the next room and I start to laugh. "Autumn has great timing."

He pulls away from me and crawls out of bed, slipping on a pair of sweats that he'd thrown over a chair. "I'll go get her," he says, the look he gives me so full of unbridled emotion a shiver steals through me, making me hot. For him.

I have the best husband in the entire world.

Drew

I bring Autumn back into bed with us and she lies in between us, Fable back in her panties and a fresh T-shirt, her hair pulled into a sloppy knot on top of her head. She looks pretty and young, much like she did when I first met her, and I have no idea why she's so worried about her weight. I think she looks f**king amazing.

"She's spoiled," Fable says, tickling Autumn's chubby belly and making her smile.

"Why do you say that?"

"We're going to give her everything she could ever want." Fable sighs. "She's a lucky little girl."

"Nothing wrong with that." I grab Autumn's fist, pry open her tiny, perfect fingers, and she curls them around my index finger. "Damn, this girl has a strong grip."

"Don't say that word," Fable says primly. "Her ears must remain pristine."

"Please." I roll my eyes. "You're taking this too far, Fable."

"Whatever. She's a perfect little princess who will never, ever hear one filthy word uttered from any of us. Right, sweetie?" Fable smiles down at Autumn and my chest grows tight.

My girls are everything to me. I don't know what I did to deserve them but I'm thankful. So damn thankful that I even wrote a little something about them both last night ...

"I have something to show you," I tell Fable as I get off the bed and go to my dresser, where I stashed the piece of paper I'd scribbled on.

"What is it? A diamond ring in exchange for me giving you your daughter? Is it my push present?" she asks hopefully.

I turn to look at her, frowning. "Push present?"

"You haven't heard of it? Yeah, pregnant women get a push present. Usually something extravagant and expensive that they feel they deserve for going through the agony that is known as labor," she explains.

"Do you want a push present?" I've never heard of such a thing and it sounds bogus. Yeah, she went through the agony of labor and that shit got real there those last few minutes when she was pushing. I'd hated seeing Fable in so much pain, especially since there was nothing I could do about it.

But a push present? That's reaching.

"No." She laughs, the sound filling me, making my heart light. "I was just kidding, Drew."

I'm relieved, because how the hell am I supposed to know about this stuff? I've never heard of a push present before.

Grabbing the folded piece of paper from my top drawer, I walk back to the bed and hold it out to her. "For you."

She sits up, bringing Autumn with her, and takes the piece of paper from me. "What is it?"

"Read it and see," I say.

Her fingers shaking, she releases a shuddery breath and then glances down, slowly unfolding the piece of paper and reading silently.

I hope she doesn't think it's dumb. I'm a little rusty with this sort of thing now. I plan on getting a tattoo of Autumn's name on my arm or maybe my chest. If I were a real poet, I'd turn something into Autumn's name but damn, it's long and has crazy letters.

I'll save that attempt for next time.

My girls

Are everything

Real to me.

Sweet and full of

Hope

My girls

Are my

Lifeline. My

Love for them

Overwhelms me

We're lucky we have each other.

"Oh, Drew." Her voice cracks and there are tears streaming down her cheeks. I swear I've seen her cry more these last nine months than in all the years we've been together. "I love it."

"You don't think it's lame? I haven't written one of those in a long time."

"That you still want to write them, I ..." She shakes her head, seemingly overwhelmed. "I love them. I've saved them all. Thank you. It's beautiful."

I go to her and settle on the bed beside her, then reach over and take Autumn into my arms. She tries to lift her head to look at me, doing a little bob and weave that I always find amusing, and I start to laugh, rubbing my thumb against my baby's cheek. "I'll attempt a poem with her name next."

"That ought to be tough. There's a U in her name. Two of them," Fable points out.

"I think I'm up to the challenge." Leaning in, I drop a tender kiss on my wife's lips. "You ready for more?"

"More sex?" Fable asks hopefully, making me laugh. "But Autumn just woke up."

"I wasn't meaning more sex, though that's definitely on the agenda." I look at her, schooling my expression into serious mode. "I meant more babies."

Her jaw drops open. "You have got to be f**king kidding me."

I cover Autumn's ears, scowling at my foul-mouthed wife. "Your pretty princess just heard you drop the F-bomb."

"Drew." She slaps my arm. "Here I am still recovering and you want to knock me up again. What the hell is wrong with you?"

"I like babies. I want lots of them. Don't you?" I drop my hands from Autumn's ears and smooth one over her head, her dark hair so like mine. "You need a brother or sister, right, sweetheart?" I say to her.

"Yeah. She does," Fable finally says, her voice soft, her eyes glowing. "I do want more babies. Just not right now."

"That's what I thought." I kiss her again. "You need to apologize to your daughter for saying such a naughty word."

"She'll get over it," Fable says, leaning her head on my shoulder. She settles her hand on my thigh and her touch burns through the thick cotton of my sweats. "I love you so much, Drew."

"I love you too, Fable."

She looks up at me. "Forever?"

I smile and drop a kiss on the tip of her nose. "And ever."

