Chapter One

Bleu MacAllister

Southaven, Mississippi

My favorite violin and piano duet plays as I attempt to work. It's becoming more difficult to be productive without an office. Trying to do freelance investigation from my bedroom within our rental house? Challenging.

The song "Time Forgotten" plays. It's a reminder that neither time nor Sinclair Breckenridge has been forgotten. Three months and more than four thousand miles separate us. It isn't enough. I think of him all the time. And it's a fucking problem.

I push the thoughts of Sin from my head and scroll through the photos from my latest PI job-a clear case of a bitter wife looking to nail her cheating husband's ass to the wall. My aging computer's trackpad sticks and races through my collection of incriminating photographs.

"Dammit!"

Images of my client's husband and his lover flutter before me, each picture flashing like a scene from a stop-motion movie I don't wish to watch for a second time. I tap furiously against the trackpad in an effort to make it cease.

"Stop. Stop. Stop, you son of a bitch."

My laptop finally obeys after a bit of physical abuse, but not before coming to a standstill on the one and only image I have of Sinclair Breckenridge and me together.

Wow ... talk about coincidence. I have thousands of pictures on this computer. What are the odds it would land on this one?

It's karma. Or bad juju. I don't know. Maybe the universe wants to torture me.

The photo in front of me is a shot of us dancing during my initiation ceremony at Thane and Isobel's country estate. We're surrounded by the soft glow of candlelight and Sin is cradling my face with his hands. I remember everything about that moment. He told me I was special and then leaned in to kiss my forehead. He had not told me he loved me but I think he was wrestling with saying those three words. I recognized the look in his eyes because I'd been seeing it in my own reflection for some time.

I avoid this picture. Looking at it breaks my stupid heart all over again. I should drag it to the trash and delete it for good. I want to but I can't bring myself to pull the trigger. That seems to be a common problem with me these days.

I was on the plane home when I discovered the picture on my phone. I wish I hadn't seen it until I was back on the ground again. The image of us together sent me into a full-blown panic attack midflight. I was forced into the tiny lavatory to talk myself down. I was lucky. The episode wasn't one of the bad ones but an enclosed area lacking proper ventilation couldn't be worse when you feel like you're smothering to death.

I took thousands of photographs while I was in Edinburgh. I must have at least five hundred of Sin-most of which are candid since he was usually unaware. Those are my favorites. I was always behind the camera-and never in front of it-so none of my pictures are of us together. That's why I treasure this one. Many thanks to whoever used my phone to capture this moment.

I touch the screen. I stroke my finger down his face but it feels nothing like the real thing. I close my eyes so I can imagine the way his scruff felt against my skin.

He rarely grew what I would call a beard. He always kept his facial hair short and scruffy. And I loved it, especially when he would drag his face down the center of my body just to hear me squeal. But the best was when he'd push the crotch of my panties aside and rub his chin up and down between my legs.

"Holy shit, Bleu. That's him, isn't it?" I jerk when I hear Ellison's voice over my shoulder. "That's the man you were with in Scotland."

I'm so stupid. I can't believe I've allowed her to sneak up and catch me looking at this photograph. I was preoccupied. That's my only excuse.

Ellison has interrogated me nonstop about my relationship with Sin. I've been vague. She's on a need-to-know-only basis. That means I haven't told her shit. But I want to. I need someone to tell me this excruciating pain in my heart is going to ease.

"Yes." That's my Breck. My admission feels like a ton of bricks lifted from my shoulders.

"Damn. That is one hottie Scottie."

"I know." I sigh as I prop my chin in my hand. I look at the handsome face of the only man in this world besides my father who has been willing to take me the way I am.

Two men. Both know the darkness I carry inside. But they love me anyway.

I've lost one. I'm losing the other. And it's killing me.

"My God, Bleu. Look at the way he's holding you ... like you're his everything. I don't know how you walked away from him."

You'd be surprised by the things you can do when you're staring death in the face.

"My job was over."

"You haven't told me anything about it. Or him. Was it good?"

I recall the words he used to describe what being together was like for him. "The best ever."

"You don't think you'll see him again?"

"No." I won't if I want to continue to live.

I feel Ellison's supportive hand on my shoulder. "That's too bad, sis."

"Tell me something I don't know."

Ellison plops down on my bed. "At least now I understand why you've been brooding for the last three months. I would mourn the loss of that hottie too. But it's time to get out and move on. You can't sit in this house and never socialize again."

Has she lost touch with reality? "Do I need to remind you that I've never socialized? This isn't new for me."

"But you didn't know what you were missing before. You've had a taste of great sex. There's no turning back."

"I don't want to have sex with anyone else." No one will ever make me feel the way Sin did. I'm certain it would only be a disappointment so there's no point trying.

"I get it. You don't have to go out and find your next lay tonight but you do have to go out."

Says who? "No, I don't."

"Please, Bleu. I'm going to Memphis with some work friends tonight. We're going to Beale Street."

Beale is Memphis's version of Bourbon Street. I was assigned to patrol it when I was on the force. Nothing but trouble.

"We're meeting at Coyote Ugly in a couple hours. You'll have fun. I promise it'll help take your mind off your Scottish hottie."

I have some serious doubts about that but Ellison has dated a lot. She probably knows the remedy for this pain better than I do.

"Who's going?" I don't really handle people well, specifically silly females. I have no patience for them.

"Clancy and April." She's counting people off on her fingers as she says their names. "Bree, Ashley, and Callie for sure. Maybe more. I never really know until I get there."

I don't like to make small talk with people I'm not acquainted with. I wasn't blessed with the gift of gab.

Besides, I have a date. I'm spending the evening with my camera. I have shots to get for a photo contest I plan to enter.

Ellison must see my hesitation. "I know you don't love crowds but they're all cool. Swear."

My sister doesn't understand how painfully awkward going out is for me. "I'd rather have toothpicks driven into my eyeballs."

"That can be arranged if you say you won't go."

I guess I can drink whisky until I drown out the lady chitchat. "I'll go for the Johnnie Walker."

"Yes!" Ellison gives the air a fist pump. "Be ready to leave at seven."

* * *

I'm not sure what I was thinking when I agreed to this. I'm southern but not country. There are too many cowboy hats and boots in this place for me.

I'm not a fan of drunken people dancing on the bar or letting strangers take shots from their bared abdomens. I swear I will beat Ellison's ass if she tries either.

Ellison's new work friends aren't my kind of people. In their defense, I suppose not many are. At least they're better than the ones she had at her old job in Memphis.

I hold up my empty glass when our server comes around and she returns with my third Johnnie Walker of the night. It's going to take quite a few more of these to achieve an acceptable level of amnesia where Sinclair Breckenridge is concerned.

"You go, sista." Ellison holds up her drink. "Here's to getting wasted and forgetting about ..." She shrugs and giggles. "See? I've already forgotten what I'm supposed to be forgetting."

Her poison for the night is Long Island iced tea so she's already drunk. I know this by her annoying horselaugh. Classic Ellison.

Is she referring to the doctor who asked for the threesome with another man? I should go kick his ass for hurting my sister. "Who are you drinking to forget?"

She shakes her head and purses her lips. "Not going there, Bleu. We're here for one reason and one reason only-to have a fucking fantastic time so I refuse to talk about that douche rocket."

I've been so wrapped up in myself lately that I've failed to consider the problems my sister has been having. She had a humiliating incident with the ER doctor she was dating, which was really unfortunate since she was already choosing baby names for the four children she planned to have with him. She left her nursing job of more than two years because she was passed over for a promotion, which by all accounts should've been hers. She took care of Harry by herself the entire time I was gone. And although I'm back, she's the nurse. I'm not sure I've been all that much help since returning.

She has a lot resting on her shoulders. I've been selfish, too focused on my own hurt to be mindful of Ellison's troubles.

"You're right. I want you to have a good time. But I want to talk about the things going on when you're ready."

Oh God. She has her "I'm gonna clobber you with a drunk hug" look. And she does, nearly sending me off my barstool onto the floor. "I love you, Bleu."

Ellison's an affectionate drunk. She loves everyone. I guess a friendly drunk is always better than a fighting one. I've seen my fair share of those while working undercover and it never ends well.

"O ... kay, Elli. Maybe you should slow down with the Long Islands."

"Come on, Bleu. This is only my third one."

Her speech is slowed but not yet slurred. I'd prefer it didn't come to that. I'm not in the mood to babysit a drunken Ellison.

"It's your third in an hour and a half."

"That's a mighty fine high horse you sit upon. I wonder if you'd give me a ride some time."

I'm straightening in my seat and helping my sister do the same when my eyes catch those of a man I haven't seen in ages.

"Bleu MacAllister."

I push Ellison upright. "Cody Wilson."

He grins and those dimples I remember from years ago make an appearance. "Wow. It's been years."

"At least seven or eight."

God, I once adored Cody. We met when I was seven, after I came to live with my new family. He was my neighbor, eight houses down the street. We were best buddies until junior high. He was my only friend in the world-until he kissed me. I kicked him in the balls and that was the end of our friendship. I've always felt badly about doing that to him.

I didn't dislike being kissed by Cody. In fact, I liked it very much after I had some time to think about it, but I was caught off guard in the moment. Harry had been training me for several months and I guess I had a snap reaction. It's unfortunate his balls were the ones to pay.

What is he doing back in Memphis? "The last I heard from Dad, you were in the Air Force stationed somewhere on the other side of the world."

"I was but I got out a few years ago and moved back. My mom's health hasn't been great for a while now."

That's right. Mrs. Wilson is in the early stages of Alzheimer's. She didn't have a clue who I was the last time I saw her.

"I'm a pilot for Delta now."

Weird. Knowing he flies planes just made him a little more attractive. "Nice."

"What about you?"

"I was a police officer for a couple of years and then a special agent. I left the Bureau to go freelance." Not the whole truth.

"What does freelance involve?"

More naked asses than I'd like. "I get hired to obtain the proof of cheating husbands and wives. My clients are mostly people in the midst of nasty divorces."

He lifts a brow. "Sounds interesting."

Interesting is not how I'd describe it. "More like disturbing. I feel like I'm mostly shooting really bad porn with middle-aged people during their midlife crises."

He laughs.

"Sorry," I say. "I shouldn't put such unsavory images in your head."

"You don't sound fulfilled by catching cheaters in action. Have you considered going back to police work or the FBI?"

If only I could.

"I was following in Dad's footsteps but it turns out it wasn't for me." Lie.

I was awesome at being an officer and an agent. I think it's a job that could've made me happy for a long time but I ruined my career when I chose to pursue Thane. I'd be screwed if the FBI investigated me and discovered my connection to The Fellowship.

"I've considered opening a professional photography studio." I'd prefer babies and brides over naked, cheating asses any day.

"You always had a camera around your neck. Or a violin in your hands. Do you still play?"

"Every day." It's the only thing that brings me comfort, as though it bridges the gap between Sin and me. I sometimes imagine he's with me and we're playing Canon in D Major together.

I know. Totally nuts.

"I play bass with a band. It's just for fun but we have a gig here tonight. We go on in forty minutes. I'd love for you to stick around."

"Oh, that's right. You play guitar." I can't believe I forgot that. I always thought he looked hot strumming that thing.

"Our fiddler had to cancel on us at the last minute."

"That's unfortunate."

"Very, and even more so considering we're in Coyote Ugly. This crowd always expects to hear 'The Devil Went Down to Georgia.'"

"Yeah, that's a super one."

"And not possible without a fiddler."

"Definitely not," I agree.

A grin spreads across Cody's face. "You still know it?"

"Hell, yeah." It's the only country song I know.

"What a coincidence." He shrugs and points toward the door. "I happen to have Digby's violin in my truck."

"Oh God, no." I've never performed publicly except for recitals as a kid, and those were involuntary.

"I don't play for other people." I use my violin as private therapy.

"You'd be surprised by how much fun it is."

He's crazy if he thinks I'd go on stage without practicing. "We'd need to rehearse."

"We have forty minutes."

"Really? You expect me to practice with you for less than an hour and then join your band on stage to perform in front of all these people?"

"Why not? You're a fantastic fiddler. You have the song memorized forward and back."

"You're out of your mind."

"Probably. Have a few more whiskies and you'll forget your nerves."

I've played my violin a lot since returning from Edinburgh so I'm in tiptop playing shape, probably the best ever.

I'm desperate to feel anything other than the misery of living without Breck. Although I'm certain this isn't a good substitute, it's a start.

I hold up my JW and toss it back. There's no way I'd agree to this if I weren't buzzing a little. The whisky has clouded my judgment. "Okay. But you're buying."

"Understood."

I have three more Johnnie Walkers for good measure as I do a run-through with Cody and his band in the back room.

"Damn, Wilson. This girl is good. We might need to use her to replace Digby on a permanent basis," the drummer says.

"Ohhh, no. I'm not a performer. I'm only doing this because I owe Cody one."

He looks puzzled for a moment before bursting into laughter. "You talking about busting my nuts?"

I'm laughing hard, and it feels good. Nice to laugh in place of crying for a change.

"Playing one song with us won't begin to make up for that. Mmm," he groans as he shifts his hips. "I'm still feeling that one."

"I never apologized. I'm really sorry."

I feel I owe an explanation for my reason but what do I say? Sorry, Cody. I was being trained to become a killer so I was a little overly responsive to being pounced upon.

"It's okay. You got your message through loud and clear." It's been twelve years and I still hate that I did that to him.

The lead guitarist comes into the back room, interrupting our conversation. "Showtime."

I skulk onto the stage with the four band members, violin in hand. Each guy takes an instrument while Mark, the lead singer and guitarist, goes to the mic. He introduces every member and lastly comes to me. "Digby couldn't be with us tonight so Miss Bleu MacAllister has graciously volunteered to step into his shoes on a number we couldn't possibly do without a fiddler."

He plays a few chords to liven up the crowd. "'The Devil Went Down to Georgia.'" I drag my bow over the strings since it seems like a cue. "This is the way it sounds when you put a Tennessee girl on a fiddle."

We jump straight into the song, which is good. It means this will be over quicker.

The crescendo of the song approaches and Mark motions for me to take center stage. Shit. I don't want to be seen. It's bad enough being heard. It becomes clear he isn't going to give up so I concede and move forward until I'm front and center. Not my forte.

I shouldn't have had those whiskies.

I'm thrilled when the song ends. Without a word, I quickly sneak away from the stage and back to my table.

Ellison gives me another drunk clobber hug. "Bleu! I haven't heard you play like that in years."

She turns to her friends. "My sister is a total badass, am I right?"

Five drunken voices agree and shout comments about my playing.

Cody is back at our table as soon as his band finishes. "You did a great job. Thanks for being a good sport."

"You can thank Johnnie Walker. I wouldn't have agreed otherwise."

"Why not? You're amazing. It's a shame to keep that kind of talent to yourself."

Has Cody forgotten me entirely? "Have we met?"

Cody laughs. "I see not much has changed with the MacAllister sisters in twelve years. You still prefer to hang in the background."

"I'm content with not being seen or heard."

Ellison and her friends squeal loudly over some sort of nonsense. "There was only room for one attention whore in our family. She was there before me so I never had a chance."

Ellison leans in between us. "Heeeey, Bleu. We're tired of this place. We want to go hear the dueling pianos at Silky O'Sullivan's."

Oh God. I shouldn't have agreed to come. I am not up for pub crawling. But I'm stuck.

I look at Cody and shrug. "You heard the boss."

"I guess they're in the mood for piano music," Cody says.

Ellison's not really a fan of the country scene either. I'm guessing her friends are the ones who chose this bar. "I think they're more in the mood to troll for guys. The ones here aren't Ellison's type."

"I see."

I hug Cody. "It was really great seeing you again."

"You too. Thanks again for bailing us out. It was really nice of you."

"Then I can consider us even?"

"Yeah." Cody laughs and his dimples reappear. "We're even."

I follow Ellison and her band of nitwits down Beale Street to Silky's. We luck out and find a recently abandoned table. They order two divers, the bar's specialty drink-a secret blend of libations served in a gallon bucket with no fewer than a dozen foot-long straws.

Oh lordy. As if any of these airheads need to suck on anything containing a gallon of alcohol.

I realize an hour into our excursion that our DD has been partaking in the divers and is wasted. What the hell? That means we have no sober driver to get us home. "Ellison. Ashley is hammered."

"Yeah?" She's completely oblivious to what that means.

"She's supposed to be our ride home."

"It's cool, Bleu. She's a nurse. She isn't going to drive drunk and risk losing her license. We'll just get a couple of rooms."

Get rooms, my ass. There's no way I'm sleeping with any of their drunken asses and waking up with crusty puke in my hair.

"I did not sign on for a drunken slumber party."

"Chill, Bleu."

Fuck this. "You know what? I'm not feeling great. I think I'll head home."

"It's that damn medicine you take. Your doctor shouldn't have increased your dosage. She's dumber than snake mittens."

Oh goody. The drunken buffoonery begins. "Stay. Have a great time with your friends. I'll see you in the morning. And please be safe."

I leave the bar and walk to the spot where taxis are lined and waiting for drunks in need of a lift.

"Hey, Bleu." It's Cody's voice I hear in the distance.

He jogs up to me right before I get into the cab. "You're leaving?"

"Yeah. Bar hopping is not really my scene."

"I know what you mean. I only came out because we were playing. I rarely come to Beale anymore. I sort of got my fill of all this in the Air Force."

It's impossible to enjoy this type of atmosphere after you've experienced whisky bars in Scotland. It puts this place to shame.

"Need a ride?"

"Yeah, but I'm going to take a taxi."

"No way. Let me drive you."

He must not know we no longer live in Memphis. "Thanks for the offer but I live in Southaven now."

"That's not too far."

"It's over twenty miles to my house." I don't want to put him out.

He shuts the door on the cab. "A taxi will cost a fortune. I'm taking you home."

I can see this isn't an argument where I'll be the victor.

"Okay. As long as you don't try to talk me into joining your band. 'Cause I'm never stepping foot on a stage again." Shit. That was brutal.

"I make no promises."

Chapter Two

Sinclair Breckenridge

I'm in the background of Bleu's life, as I have been for weeks. I have eyes on her at all times, even when they're not my own. I safeguard her from harm. It's all I've done since tracking my lass down in a small town in Mississippi, right outside of Memphis. I act as her protector from afar and she has no idea. She believes she's hidden from The Fellowship-and me-but she couldn't be more wrong. I'm always here, keeping a watchful eye on her and the MacAllister family.

I often need to be reminded that this is Bleu's world. Every person she has contact with isn't a threat but there's an enormous problem with that. I have no idea who's friend or foe.

I was concerned when Bleu disappeared at the bar with a man earlier tonight. I was on the verge of barging into the back until my lass came out on stage to perform with the band. I don't think I've ever been so surprised in all my life. I knew she played but I never pegged her for a public performer. That doesn't seem like my Bonny at all.

But I guess I don't really know the real Bleu MacAllister. I only know the woman she pretended to be.

Her father is dying. I've hidden in the shadows so she could have these last days with him but we're running out of time. Abram's men are hunting her. According to the tabs I've been keeping, they're getting closer. That means it's time for Bonny to know I've come for her.

Bleu and Ellison's residence is transient. There's not a single item they couldn't bear to part with. These two are prepared to flee and leave everything behind at the drop of a hat.

I'm waiting in Bleu's dark living room when she comes home. She's with him-the man from the bar. I wasn't expecting that. In the weeks I've watched her, she's never brought a man home. I'm not at all pleased about this. My immediate reaction is to get up and beat the piss out of him. I fight the urge and remain on the sofa since I don't know who he is to her. It wouldn't go over well for me to assault a member of her family.

"Thanks for the ride."

"No problem. I didn't mind at all."

Aye, I bet he didn't mind.

"Well." She hesitates as though she doesn't know what to say next. It's that awkward silence thing. Good. "It was nice catching up with you."

"It's been too long. How about we don't wait seven years to see each other again?" Ahh. He's an old acquaintance.

"Sounds good." No. That doesn't sound good at all.

He reaches up and pushes a strand of stray hair behind her ear. If I know my lass, she's fighting the urge to untuck it since she despises her hair like that. "I've always hated the way things ended between us."

What does that mean? Is it possible Bleu had some type of romantic relationship with this man?

"Me too," she agrees.

Please, don't invite him inside, Bonny. I'm not sure how I'll react to that.

He moves closer and I can see it coming from a mile away. He's going to kiss her. And I don't think I can sit here and watch it happen.

He touches the side of her face with his palm and I twitch to go to her, to get between them. "I'd really like to kiss you but I'm afraid you'll kick me in the nuts again."

If she doesn't, it's likely I will.

"Cody," she sighs. "You're a great guy but the timing is all wrong. I've just gotten out of a really intense ... situation. I'm nowhere near ready for a new relationship."

"I get it, Bleu. But you should be aware that I'm a very patient man. I can wait." He leans in and kisses the side of her face. "Goodnight, Memphis Bleu."

This man has a pet name for my Bonny. I'm not okay with that.

She shuts the front door and turns the deadbolt. Her high heels clang across the tile floor until she reaches the carpet of her bedroom. Everything goes quiet. Walls separate us but I imagine she's kicking out of her heels. It was always the first thing she'd do when we'd come home from a night out. I doubt that's changed. I'd bet money she's sitting on the edge of her bed right now rubbing her feet. She hates wearing heels because they're uncomfortable.

"Hey, Dora." That's one of Harold MacAllister's hospice nurses. "How's Dad tonight?"

Bleu is calling to check in on her father-part of her nightly routine before going to bed.

"Good. I'm coming in the morning. You can tell the dayshift I'll be there in time for breakfast. He eats better for me than Myra, but mostly because I force him." She laughs. "Have a good night and call if anything happens."

A moment later, I hear water running. She's going to have a soak in the tub. It's something she does almost every night.

I recognize the smell of her signature fragrance floating in the air-peaches and cherry blossom. I inhale deeply. Damn. I've missed that scent.

I sit on her bed and it feels like the longest wait of my life. I don't know how she'll react to discovering me inside her home. I'm certain she'll initially be startled. Fear will likely follow. I expect a physical struggle. She's an agent so she's going to make a move for the gun she hides at the head of her bed. But she won't find it there.

The door opens and she comes out of her bathroom wearing a short, satiny robe, her hair wrapped in a towel. She jolts from surprise and then goes completely motionless.

"Hello, my sweet Bonny."

She takes a few steps back and darts around the bed when I stand. I'm certain she's going for her gun. "There's no need for that because it's not there."

She makes a move for the door and I catch her around the waist from behind. I hold her tightly to prevent escape. She throws her head backward and slams it into my nose. I immediately feel warmth ooze down my upper lip.

I walk backward to the bed and fall with her on top of me, her back pressed against my front. She's struggling with every bit of strength she has. It's like wrestling a wild animal. "Stop fighting me, Bonny. I'm not here to hurt you."

"Liar! I don't believe you." She tries to kick my knee where it joins my prosthesis.

When you physically struggle with someone, it isn't long until one or both of your bodies give out to exhaustion. I'm fit but she's more conditioned so I have no doubt she'll outlast me. I must use words, not strength, to convince her.

I use the last bit of power I have left to flip us over on the bed. Bleu is on her stomach. She's pressed into the mattress with me lying on top of her back. I move my hands to her wrists and bind them over her head. I wrap my legs around hers, locking them so she can't move. "I would never harm you, Bleu. I swear."

She stops struggling and I become aware of how hard we're both panting. "Then why are you here?"

"Because I love you, Bonny." In our scuffle, she has lost the towel from her hair. I release one of her wrists and use my free hand to push away the wet strands stuck to her cheek and neck. I press my face to the side of her head so my still-panting mouth hovers over her ear. "I claimed you, Bleu. I don't take that lightly. You're mine to protect so I'll always do what I must to keep you safe."

Her body relaxes beneath mine. I adjust my position so my weight is no longer pressing her into the mattress. She turns to look at me over her shoulder. "You're here to protect me? From what?"

I don't wish to have this conversation while restraining her. "Are you finished fighting me?"

"Yes."

"Good." I move off her. We're exhausted from our physical battle so we lie side by side on the bed catching our breath.

She drops her damp hair towel on my face. "Your nose is bleeding."

"Thanks."

I wipe the blood away and hold pressure until the ooze stops.

"Abram's men are coming for you. They're getting closer. I expect them to track you here by early next week."

"How do you know this?"

"I've been keeping tabs on their whereabouts because I'm responsible for your safety." I still can't believe what a poor job she's done of concealing herself. "To tell you the truth, this whole hiding in plain sight thing isn't the genius plan you thought. I expected a chameleon of your caliber to do a much better job of camouflaging herself."

"Normally I would but my dad's sick. I couldn't go far."

Staying puts her at risk. "I found you weeks ago."

She bolts up. "You've been watching me for weeks?"

I rise so I'm sitting next to her. She's angry. I see it in her eyes. "Aye. Three. But don't be cross with me. It was the only way to ensure your safety without robbing you of this time with your father."

Her face relaxes. "Then you know my dad is in hospice care?"

"Aye."

She squeezes her eyes shut for a moment and shakes her head. "I can't leave him."

I understand her wanting to be with her father but she's left herself wide open for attack. "Staying here is too risky."

"I can protect myself."

"We both know I could've killed you just now if that had been my intention. You'd be dead if I were one of Abram's men."

She looks away, staring blankly at the wall. It's because she knows I'm right, although she won't dare admit it. My lass hates defeat.

"I won't leave like some coward." Why did I have to fall in love with such a hard-ass?

"Your father is dying. He won't be much leverage for Abram to use against you but what about your sister? Can you protect her and yourself around the clock?"

I know I've caught her attention-she looks shocked. "Ellison is innocent. She's done nothing to The Fellowship. She doesn't even know of its existence."

"Abram doesn't care. He'll use her to draw you out if that's what it takes."

Her eyes grow large. "Oh God. How do I undo this?"

I've spent the last three months battling the same question and see only one fix.

"I know what you have to do." Her baby blues gaze at me in anticipation. But I'm afraid my solution won't be anything she's expecting to hear. "Marry me."

She goes completely silent. "Did you hear what I said?"

"Marrying you would pull me into The Fellowship even deeper. Why would I do something like that?"

I never taught Bleu the ways of The Fellowship. I spent my time fucking her instead of teaching her our practices so now I must give her the quick version. "Every member takes a vow to never violate the family of another member. That means Abram can't harm you if you become my wife."

She's shaking her head. "Common sense tells me betrayal overrides that vow. I lied to all of you about being a former agent. I came to Edinburgh to kill your father, the brotherhood's leader. That alone is grounds for my execution. It won't matter if I'm your conjoined twin. The brotherhood will never accept me for anything other than what I am-a traitor."

"The brotherhood knows nothing of your betrayal. My father, Abram, and I all agreed it could spiral into panic and chaos if they thought they'd been compromised." I know it must be killing Abram to keep this secret. He'd love nothing more than to make me look incompetent. "That's the only reason Abram didn't rat me out for initiating an FBI agent into The Fellowship."

She hangs her head. "I'm sorry I put you in that situation."

"Hey, you." I place my fingers below her chin and force her to look at me. "I'm not sorry. Not even a little bit. I would do it again if given the choice."

"Marriage might save me from being killed by Abram but your father knows about my betrayal. That can't be fixed."

But it already has been. "I told him you were Amanda Lawrence's daughter but lied about it because you were investigating her murder. I explained that you thought he might be more forthcoming about information if he didn't know he was a suspect." It's mostly true, minus the part where she planned his murder. "He has no idea you came to kill him. I swear."

"You may have fixed things with your father but Abram is still coming after me."

I take her hands in mine. "He won't if you marry me."

"Abram will never accept your marriage to me."

"Good thing his approval is not a requirement."

She can argue all she likes but I've thought this through for months and looked at it from every angle. Marriage is the only thing that makes sense.

"What do the brothers think happened to me?"

"I told them you were called away for a family emergency and you're home caring for your terminally ill father. As far as they're concerned, you're still one of us and nothing has changed. You could return today and they'd welcome you back with open arms. Especially my mum. She misses you terribly."

"I miss her as well."

There's still the matter of her wanting to kill my father. "I spoke with my dad about your mother's murder. He stands firm that he isn't her killer."

She shakes her head. "No. I was there. I recognized Thane's voice."

"You were a frightened child who heard a Scotsman's voice. You never saw his face. Even you must admit there's room for error."

I know my Bonny Bleu. She'll never marry into the brotherhood if she believes its leader murdered her mother. I have to convince her my dad is innocent of this crime. "My father is The Fellowship's leader. He answers to no one. That makes him untouchable. He'd take ownership of your mother's murder if he were her killer. It's our way. You know this about us." She looks as though she's considering my theory. "He was very much in love with your mother. He wouldn't have harmed her."

She looks as though she's struggling internally. "Accepting his innocence means I've been mistaken for eighteen years. My whole life has been spent obsessing over killing the wrong man. You can't possibly imagine the way that makes me feel-as a trained agent and as a person in general."

"You were a young, traumatized child. It stands to reason you'd be easily confused."

She looks as though she might burst into tears. "This means her killer is still out there. And I have no idea who or where he is."

Bleu needs to know she won't be alone in this. "We will find your mother's murderer. When we do, I'll help you kill him if you like. But first on our agenda must be making you safe."

She nibbles her bottom lip for a moment before looking down at her hands in her lap. "Bonny. Look at me." Her eyes meet mine. "Marry. Me."

She shakes her head. "I don't want to enter into a marriage for the wrong reason."

"Then enter into it for the right one." She told me she loved me on the last night we were together but she thought we'd never see one another again. I have no idea if her feelings still stand. "You told me you loved me."

"I do. I love you very much." My body instantly relaxes when I hear her declaration. The heavy weight of not knowing has lifted. "But marriage is drastic."

"Any man can see the good inside you. But what you need is one who sees the bad and loves you anyway. That's me."

"Becoming your wife means I marry The Fellowship as well. I'm not sure I can handle that."

"Tell me what part of it worries you."

"For one, you'll take your father's place as leader one day. When you do, you won't be mine anymore."

She's wrong. "Bonny. I'll always be yours. Nothing will change that."

"You can say you'll be mine but it isn't true. Not really. I'll always have to share you with The Fellowship. In a sense, they own you."

The part she possesses is so much bigger. "I belong to you, Bleu. And you belong to me. That is never going to change."

"All of this is a lot to take in without any kind of warning. I need time to sort out my thoughts."

This is the worst marriage proposal in history. Marry me or die. No woman spends her life dreaming of those words. "My proposal is unexpected and unromantic. I can't imagine a worse combination. I don't even have a ring for you." I cradle her face with my hand. "For that, I'm truly sorry but I will spend the rest of my life making it up to you. I swear."

She doesn't reply.

"Say yes, Bleu. Take your place as my wife and mother of my children."

"I can't believe you just said something so cruel." She jerks away. "You know I want to be a mother but there's a very high probability that'll never happen."

I don't believe that. I see our future when I look into her eyes and it has everything we dream of. "If you want babies, you will have them one way or another. I'll see to it."

"The Fellowship will expect you to produce a legitimate heir. What are they going to say when I can't give you a son?"

"I don't care what they say but we already know we don't have the luxury of waiting. We'll see the best fertility specialist right away. We'll make our decision together based on what is best for us. Not The Fellowship."

"I want to be crystal clear about one thing since we're talking children. If I say yes and if by some miracle, I'm able to become pregnant and if it's a boy, I won't let you take him from me."

"I know. I'd never expect you to go along with that." I'm a little hurt she thinks I'd take our child from her. "I don't think you fully grasp how much I love you, Bleu. I'm willing to change the rules for you."

She reaches for my hand. "Believe me when I say it doesn't go unnoticed."

Although I'm willing to move heaven and earth for her, some things I can't get around. "As much as I love you, I need you to understand something. Any son of ours will be raised in the way of The Fellowship. That part is nonnegotiable."

"And that's only one of a million different things I have to consider."

I've dropped a bomb on her. "Take some time to think everything over-but don't tarry for long. Abram's men are closing in. It would be a much better scenario for Abram to call them off because we're married rather than be discovered and have a showdown."

Bleu has no choice, even if she's yet to recognize that reality. That's why it's all the more important that I give her time to adjust and accept her fate without feeling as though I'm forcing her hand. My lass is stubborn and headstrong. I'll fare much better as her husband if she believes she's the one making this decision.

"I'm going to leave you to your thinking."

Bleu puts her hand to my chest, stopping me from getting up. She swings her leg over my body, straddling me. Her hands slide up my arms and over my shoulders as her lips meet mine. "Don't go, Breck. There's been too much space between us as it is."

I don't want to go but I must. "This is the most important decision of your life. You don't need me in your bed clouding your judgment."

"You aren't going to cloud my judgment." She leans forward and kisses my mouth again while her hands tug at the buckle of my belt.

I place my hand on top of hers to still it. "I don't want you to look back on this years from now and wonder if you said yes because I seduced it out of you or you got caught up in the moment. You have serious things to consider."

She must never question her choice. I won't have her one day hate or blame me because she feels I swayed her decision.

I hold her face with my palms. "I won't be far."

She holds me firmly. That's when I know she doesn't plan to let me go. "If you're not next to me, then you're too far."

I roll so she's lying beneath me, my body pressing her into the bed. She beams, believing she's getting what she wants, until I peel her arms from my shoulders and her legs from my waist. "I'm giving you three days to decide."

"I love you, my sweet Bonny Bleu." I kiss her quickly. "I'll be back in seventy-two hours for your answer."

Chapter Three

Bleu MacAllister

That fucking Scottish bastard! He waltzes into my life after we're apart for three months and asks me to be his wife. Sort of. I'm not sure saying "marry me" constitutes asking. It sounds more like a demand. A man is supposed to go to his knee and declare his undying love with pretty words before asking his beloved to marry him.

That's not at all what I got from Sin. No knee. No declaration of undying love. No pretty words followed by a question mark.

The jerk tells me to marry him and then swaggers out the door without making love to me. He claims he doesn't want to alter my decision with sex but I'm not a fool. He wants me desperate for him. And I am. But I'm also furious. I would consider killing him if I didn't already know how painful it is to live without him.

Sin presented his marriage proposal as though he was asking and the choice was mine. We both know that isn't the case. He was being kind-and smart-since he can guess how well an ultimatum will go over with me.

I'm well aware of what my life looks like if I don't marry Sin. That doesn't mean I'll accept without considering all the potential scenarios associated with becoming the wife of a Fellowship leader.

Divorce won't be an option if things don't go well. Neither Sin nor the brotherhood will ever release me. I'll be married to Sinclair Breckenridge and The Fellowship until my dying breath. It's literally a commitment until death do we part.

I'll keep company with liars, thieves, and killers on a daily basis. In a sense, I'd become their leader as well since I firmly believe behind every great man is a great woman. Can I associate with these types of people every day?

If we're able to conceive, do I really want to bring children into that kind of life? How would I possibly teach my kids right from wrong in The Fellowship world when they'll be constantly surrounded by criminals?

If I decide I can't become a permanent part of The Fellowship, I have the skills that will enable me to run so far, I'll never be found. But even that scenario can't happen before my dad passes. If I'm lucky enough to avoid Abram's men until Harry's gone, there's still the matter of Ellison to consider. This isn't my sister's fight. She shouldn't have to spend her life in hiding because of something I did.

I hear a crash in the living room and instantly transition into an agent on the defense. I streak to my nightstand and retrieve my gun from where Sin placed it before he left.

I move toward the door and do a visual check. I proceed down the hallway once I'm certain it's clear. I'm doing a sweep of the living room when I hear a creaking noise in the wood floor behind me. I spin, arms locked, ready to fire on Abram's men.

"Shit, Bleu! What the fuck are you doing?" Ellison yells.

"Dammit, Ellison." I lower my gun. "You're supposed to be drunk and passed out in a hotel with your friends." I look at the man she has her arms wrapped around. "Not traipsing in with some random guy in the middle of the night."

I'm suddenly aware that I'm wearing my robe in front of a complete stranger. I wrap it a little tighter and cross my arms over my chest since I'm braless. "You know you shouldn't surprise me like that."

"I'm sorry, Ty. This is my sister, Bleu. You'll have to excuse her. She used to work for the FBI so she's sort of a freakazoid with a permit to carry a gun."

"Nice, Elli. I totally appreciate your summary of me."

She points at her male companion. "This is Tyler Blackwell. We work together."

He's good-looking and well dressed-just Ellison's type. I'd bet my bottom dollar this guy is a doctor. He looks the part. I hope this one is into her instead of another dude, or whatever that guy had planned.

We do the "nice to meet you" thing and I promptly return to my bedroom. I climb into bed and pull the covers high but I can't possibly fall asleep after tonight's revelation.

I toss and turn for more than two hours. On a whim, I call the number belonging to Sin months ago. "Aye, Bonny."

Shit. I can't believe he still has the same number or that he answered my call. "I can't sleep."

"I'm not surprised. I'm sure you have a lot of things on your mind." I hear him chuckle and I'm reminded how he enjoys laughing at me. It pisses me off.

"True, but I have one very specific thing on my mind."

"Bonny." He says my name as though I'm a child who's misbehaved. "You need to be concentrating on our future and the decision you must make in the next few days, not what you'd like to be doing in the present."

It's been months since we've been together. I don't understand how he can be so strong. Is it because he knows I'll be weak enough for the both of us?

"Where are you?"

"In the car."

"Where exactly?"

"Outside your house." I should've known. He said he wouldn't be far.

I go to the window. I pull back the drape and see the dark sedan. "It's an unusually cold night. You can't sleep in a car outside my house."

"I won't be sleeping."

This is stupid. He should be in here with me. "Please, come inside."

"No."

He's absolutely infuriating. "Are you going to force me to take drastic measures?"

"Good night, Bonny."

Click.

He hung up on me ... like really hung up on me. That bastard!

There's no way I'm having this. Uh-uh. Not for a minute.

I step into my sheepskin boots. I go out the front door, stalking toward the dark sedan. The windows are tinted black as night. I can't see his expression as I approach but I'm certain it's smug. He's getting exactly what he wants-me desperate to be beneath him as soon as possible.

He opens the back door and gets out. He points at my house. "Turn yourself around and get back inside. Now."

I stand with my arms crossed to prove I can be just as stubborn as he is. "No."

He slams the car door harder than necessary. "I told you I don't think it's wise to be together while you're thinking about this decision."

"I don't think it's wise for you to be sitting in a car fifty yards from me when I haven't been with you in three months."

"Bonny." He yells my name and then squeezes his eyes. His lips are barely moving. I miss the first movement of his mouth but I don't mistake the second, third, or so on. He's counting. I'm sure it's so he can gain his composure with me. "I don't want you to ever feel like I persuaded or romanced you into making the wrong decision. Please understand I feel very strongly about this."

I'm tired of this game.

"Being separated from you while I know you're near is excruciating."

"Do you think it doesn't pain me to know you're right inside that house?" He points to my robe. "Wearing this?"

"Being apart is doing neither of us any good. With you out here, there's no kind of rational decision-making process going on in my head. I can't string two thoughts together. Separation isn't working." Or maybe it's panning out just as he hoped since I'm standing outside nearly naked in the cold, begging him to come to my bed.

I move toward him but he lifts his hand to stop me. "Don't. You can't see them but three of my men are in this car."

Ohh. His men are watching. I might as well use that to my advantage. "I guess that means you might not want me to do this?" I reach for the tie around my waist and loosen it.

"I know what you're doing but it's not going to work."

I undo the first loop of my belt "You caught me coming out of the bath so I'm not wearing a thing underneath. But you already know that."

"Don't do this, Bleu." His voice is pleading. I'm not sure that's something I've ever heard from him before.

"You give me no choice."

My belt goes loose and Sin rushes forward to catch the lapels of my robe. He yanks it together and not so gently makes a bow with the tie. He hoists me over his shoulder and I wave at the men I can't see behind his back as he carries me toward my house.

He highly underestimates me and what I'm capable of. I can't believe he hasn't figured this out yet.

I slide down his body as he puts my booted feet on the foyer floor. I hook my hands behind his neck.

He's unsmiling. In fact, he looks downright pissed.

"Dammit, Bleu," he growls. "You can't defy me in front of my men. It makes me appear weak as a leader when I can't even control my own lass."

He needs to learn early on I don't have a submissive bone in my body. "Have you considered that instead of seeing you as a weak leader, they'll view me as a strong woman?"

"My guess would be that they think you're a foolish woman. Trust me. They're assuming I brought you inside for a harsh punishment rather than give you what you want."

I go up on tiptoes and brush my lips across his. "Then you can't possibly go back to the car and have your men think I didn't receive a full atonement for my defiance toward their leader."

"I suppose that would look bad." He grabs my bottom and squeezes, pulling me close. "And you do need to be punished."

"Yes. I've been a very bad girl. I think I deserve a penance fuck."

He narrows his eyes. "What do you know about a penance fuck?"

I shrug and try to not wear a smug expression. "Nothing in particular, just sounded like a good suggestion."

"Come." He takes my hands from his shoulders, lacing his fingers through mine. He pulls me in the direction of my bedroom. "I have something in mind."

I don't mistake the sounds of sex when we pass Ellison's bedroom. It's a reminder to keep the noise to a minimum. I don't want her to know Sin is here. I have no intention of them meeting any time soon.

Once we're inside my bedroom, I shut the door and lock it.

He's standing by my bed and I prowl in his direction. I stop once I'm in front of him. My palms on his cheeks, I stare into the chocolate-brown eyes I've missed so badly. "I didn't get to tell you earlier how much I've missed you."

He places his hands on top of mine and presses them harder against his skin. "Our separation was excruciating. So much so I wish to never be parted from you again."

My heart melts. Sin can sometimes say very harsh things but I don't think he has any idea how pretty his words can be when he's softer.

I lace my fingers through the nape of Sin's hair and pull him closer as I go up onto my tiptoes. Our lips meet and he moves his hands to my lower back, arching my body into his. He's warm despite the fact that he's been sitting outside in a car on a cold night.

When I taste his mouth, I know how he and his men have been keeping warm in the car. I lick my tongue over his lips. "Someone's had Johnnie Walker." I run my hands up his chest. "And now I think it's time you had some Bleu MacAllister."

He scoops me from the floor, wrapping my legs around his waist. I grab his shoulders for support. He holds me that way while we kiss and then lowers me to the bed. He moves over me, stopping when we're face to face. "Did you really think you could blow into my life like a breeze and roll out like a stone?"

He's right. That's exactly what I tried to do. Mission unsuccessful.

"Never run from me again," he whispers against my ear.

I part my legs and rock against the bulge I feel pressed against me.

"I know you have cuffs. Where do you keep them?"

"My, my. Someone is feeling frisky tonight?" I'm elated as I reach beneath the bed. This is something we've not done before.

"You mean these handcuffs?" I spin them around my finger.

"Those are the ones."

He takes them from me and puts one around my right wrist. He slips the other one through the railing of my headboard and cuffs my free one so my hands are bound over my head. "I didn't know you were into bondage."

"I'm not," he says without a bit of enthusiasm.

"But you want to be?"

"I said I would never harm you, but I didn't say I wouldn't punish you."

Punish. Does he mean that in the hot, sexy way I'm hoping for or in a Fellowship, disciplinarian way? I'm guessing the latter, judging by the scowl on his face.

I tug on the cuffs but it's no use. I'm securely bound to my iron headboard. "What are you going to do to me, Breck?"

"I'm going to teach you a lesson while reminding you of the task at hand, my sweet Bonny Bleu. Your bondage will be a deterrent to keep you focused on the decision you must make while you learn how it feels to be tied to a bed naked." He pulls the ties of my robe and the silky fabric falls open. "You handcuffed me to my bed and left me there while you walked out of my life. I'm not over that yet."

Is he kidding me? That was nothing compared to what he did to me. "Do I need to remind you that you had a fucking gun jabbed into my jaw only moments before I walked out? If anyone has the right to not be over what happened that night, it's me!"

"I'd just found out the woman I was in love with wasn't who she said she was. It's possible I made some bad decisions based on that. Don't forget that despite your motives, you betrayed me. I've been fucking bitter about that. And then you left me handcuffed to the bed after I put down my gun and allowed you to take it."

"Give me a break. You weren't handcuffed for that long. I sent Jamie for you as soon as I was on the plane."

"He didn't get your message. Bad cellular service, I suppose."

Oh God. I remember it was storming that night. "Then who freed you?"

"Agnes."

I burst into laughter. "Oh. My. Gawd."

"It wasn't funny, Bleu."

I can see he's getting pissed off all over again but I can't stop laughing. "No, you're right. It's freakin' hilarious."

"I was cuffed to the bed for twelve hours."

Oh, shit. Twelve hours is a really long time. I was almost back in the US by the time he was freed. I feel horrid about that. "I'm sorry, Breck. That wasn't the way I meant for that to go. But it must've been quite the show for Agnes."

"I was quite naked by the time she came to clean the next morning. I'd struggled and squirmed trying to get free and lost the bed sheet." The view probably thrilled that old lady. "Maybe I should leave you like this for your sister to discover so you can find out how humiliating it is."

"Please, don't. I wouldn't have an explanation to give her."

"You wouldn't tell her your soon-to-be husband left you this way?"

He's so sure I'm going to say yes. "I haven't agreed to marry you." Yet.

"Of course you haven't. Instead of thinking about our future, you've been busy thinking of how to strong-arm me into your bed."

"That's not true. I've given it a lot of thought in the two hours since you asked."

"Then tell me your thoughts so far."

I yank on the handcuffs holding me hostage. "I don't want to have a serious conversation while I'm bound to the bed."

"Tough. You're staying this way until I decide to release you."

I want to scream-and I would if my sister wouldn't come running into the room. "You are frustrating the fuck out of me right now."

"Aye. I know." The bastard is laughing at me again. He does that far too often.

"I was taught right from wrong and raised with morals. I'm not sure how I'll deal with my newfound Fellowship family."

He's laughing. Again. "Bleu. We met because you were trying to kill my father. I'm sorry but that completely calls your principles into question."

Okay. I can see where he might find that concern laughable. "I know. I'm the pot calling the kettle black."

"You should never worry about being asked to go against any morals you may have. As my wife, you'd never be expected to dirty your hands."

"But that could be a problem as well. I don't want to do nothing. I would need to be productive. I'd go mad as a stay-at-home wife."

"All right. That part is negotiable. What other things have you given thought?"

This one could be a deal-breaker for him. "I'm not sure I want to bring children into a world where lying, stealing, and murder is acceptable. I want them to understand right from wrong."

"You act as though we have no scruples, but that couldn't be further from the truth. We have strict codes and beliefs in place. Family and honor mean everything to us. Our children would be taught the value of life. I don't think you can say that about a lot of kids in the world."

Let's see what he has to say about this. "Men in leadership roles tend to have mistresses. I won't put up with that."

"You're the only woman for me, Bonny. Ever."

"What about my sister's safety?"

"The blanket of protection over you would extend to her. She won't be hurt."

I don't agree. Even if no one physically harms her, she's going to be hurt if I leave her. "If I become one of you, she-nor my father-can know."

"Bleu. You're failing to understand something. Even if you don't agree to be my wife, you're already one of us. Your initiation is long-standing. It will never be undone."

"I hadn't thought of it that way." He's right. I'm bound to The Fellowship. They aren't going to let me go.

"Back to your concerns about your family. Your sister will never know anything about The Fellowship. It's safer that way. But that also means she'll never visit us in Edinburgh. We can't risk her being caught in the middle of Fellowship business and learning who and what we are. We'll always come to the US to see her. And that could be few and far between after I become leader. I won't be able to leave often."

I'll gain Sin but lose Ellison. "I can't leave my sister."

"You will. Because you love her and want to keep her safe."

This isn't fair. "I want her shielded from danger but I don't want to give up seeing her."

"You'll still see her-just not frequently. But you can talk to her as often as you want. Every day, if you like."

"It won't be the same. How would you feel if you couldn't see Mitch?" That's probably not the greatest example since Sin and Mitch don't have a close relationship like Ellison and I do. "Scratch that. How would you feel if you couldn't see Jamie and Leith?"

"I wouldn't like it but I'd do it if that's what ensured their safety."

I'm suddenly wrecked by the realization of what has to happen. And it's all my fault. I brought this upon myself.

My wrists remain imprisoned above my head so I turn my face into my upper arm. I don't want Sin to see my ugly cry.

"Don't, Bleu. You know I can't stand to see you cry."

I can't stop myself. I'm destroyed.

As I heave to catch my breath, I feel the mattress dip. Sin releases the cuffs and pulls me onto his lap. His arms are wrapped tightly around me. "Ellison's the only family I'll have after my dad is gone."

He strokes my hair as I cling to him. "That's not true. You have a huge family waiting for you in Edinburgh."

"Then I'm all my sister will have and I'll be leaving her."

He sighs. "I'll make sure you see Ellison as often as possible."

"If I decide to marry you, I can't go to Edinburgh with you right now. I have to be here for my dad until the end."

"I know." Sin kisses the top of my head. "I'll wait for you, Bonny. Always."

Chapter Four

Sinclair Breckenridge

As promised, I've given Bleu three days to consider my proposal. I've continued to watch over her from afar just as I've done for the past three weeks. She's gone about her life, spending her days with Harry at the hospice and her nights at home.

The waiting has been more brutal than I anticipated. Each night I wrestled with giving in and going to her. I somehow managed to hold it together and stay away. But now the time has come. Her seventy-two hours are up and I'm ready for an answer.

I call her cell to forewarn her of my imminent arrival. "Time's up, Bonny. I'm coming in."

"Right now?"

She sounds as though she's taken aback but she shouldn't be. I told her three days. It's been exactly seventy-two hours since I proposed. "I told you when I'd return. This shouldn't come as a surprise."

"I thought I'd get some kind of forewarning."

"You are. This is it."

She huffs and I can't help but find it amusing. It sounds so girly-not at all like my tough lass. "Sin. I'm not prepared."

"Then get prepared." She huffs again to let me know she's not pleased. "I'm giving you ten minutes and then I'm coming in."

"Twenty," she counters. "I need a bath. It was a long day at the hospital."

If I agree to twenty, she'll take thirty. "Fifteen."

"You're killing me here, Breck."

"Fine. I'm coming for you in twenty minutes." I know I'll regret conceding.

"Ellison's here and she's still awake. You can't come to the door."

"What do you want me to do? Sneak in through your bedroom window?"

"No. I'm sneaking out of it."

"What are you? Twelve?"

"Shut up."

"Fine. I'll be waiting at your window in twenty minutes."

"Where are you taking me?"

Our options are limited. "I guess my place."

"Okay. See you in thirty."

"We agreed on twenty, Bonny."

Silence. She ended our call without giving me a chance to argue.

I'm going to have my work cut out being married to this lass. She's as good as me when it comes to getting her way. Maybe better.

* * *

I remove Bleu's window screen and tap on the glass-thirty minutes later. She lifts the window and looks down at me, a mischievous grin on her face. She knows she's been a bad girl. "Hi."

"Hi."

"You're ready?"

"Yeah." She leans out and swings one leg through. "I didn't sneak out of my bedroom when it was deemed an age-appropriate thing to do."

"Good. I'm the only lad you have any business sneaking off with."

I catch her around the waist as she jumps to the ground. "Thanks."

We get into the car, me in the driver's seat. "You're driving? This is new."

"Aye. I sent Sterling away." As my driver, he's been present during many pivotal moments of my life but his presence isn't required during my proposal and engagement.

At least I hope that's what this is. My heart tells me she's going to say yes but there's no way to be certain with my Bonny Bleu. She can be unpredictable at times.

I pull into the drive of the house I'm renting. "This is where you're living?"

"Aye."

"My God! I can't believe you've been living two streets over from me for almost a month and I didn't figure it out."

"You aren't the only chameleon in this relationship."

"I see that. It's good information for the future." She used the word future. That sounds favorable.

We go inside and I toss the keys onto the foyer table. "It's not home but it serves the purpose."

Bleu looks around. "I like it."

I wish we were in Edinburgh. I can think of at least a dozen places I could've taken Bleu for an unforgettable proposal.

Bleu's legs are bare with the exception of her tall boots. She's bundled in a long wool jacket as though it's freezing outside but I find the weather quite comfortable. "May I take your coat?"

She shakes her head. "I'm still a little cold."

We go into the living room and sit side by side on the sofa. We both know why we're here so I suppose there's no sense stalling. "Have you made your decision?"

She nods. "I have."

"Don't tell me your answer yet. I need a do-over. I want the chance to properly propose, the way a man should ask the woman he loves to be his wife."

She's had three days to decide; I've had three days to come up with how to right the wrong of my prior proposal.

I remove the black leather box from my jacket pocket. I go to one knee on the floor in front of her-and then both. That's what a woman like my Bonny deserves-a husband who will happily go to both knees for her.

She is holding all the power so I kiss the tops of her hands where they rest on her thighs. Whether she realizes it, this is my way of submitting to her. "I've never met anyone I wanted to put above myself until you. I want to give you everything, including my heart, if you'll have it."

I open the box and take out the ring. "I love you. Stella Bleu Lawrence MacAllister. I want you to be my wife. My partner in life. The mother of my children. Will you marry me?"

She nods and tears well in her eyes. "Yes. It would make me very happy to be your wife."

I close my eyes and kiss the ring before sliding it onto her finger. "Into me ... you see."

"Into me ... you see," she repeats.

She holds out her hand, studying the platinum and diamonds symbolizing her agreement to become my other half. "My God, Sin. It's beautiful."

"Wear it always. I want the world to know you are mine to always love and protect." I lace our fingers and kiss her hand. "I swear I'll always do everything within my power to make you happy."

She releases her hold so she can cradle my face. "You can begin by not denying me when I ask you to make love to me."

She's made the decision to be mine forever so I'm done holding back. "I am yours and you are mine. I'll never deny you again. This I swear."

It's been too long since I've had Bleu. I don't intend on simply tasting her skin or burying myself inside her body. I need to claim my Bonny and make her mine in every way. There's an internal force driving me to possess her like I never have before.

I grab her hips and drag her forward. Her legs part, as does her winter coat, and I notice her thighs are bare. I lift the hem for a peek and find very little beneath. "Miss MacAllister. I believe you forgot to dress yourself."

She grins and shrugs. "Perhaps. Or maybe I was rushed by my fiance and didn't have time to put on clothes."

Fiance. I like the sound of that.

I untie the belt at her waist and push the top of her coat apart. My eyes roam over the lacy red bra and matching knickers. "You should probably expect to be rushed more often if this is the potential result."

I place my palm in the center of her chest and slowly drag my hand downward. "I can't believe all of this is mine for the rest of our lives."

She sits up and wiggles free of her coat. She comes closer and wraps her arms around my shoulders. "I'm yours for the taking any time you'd like."

"No worries. I'm very good at taking what's mine." I kiss her quickly before standing. I place her hands in mine and pull her from the sofa. "And I'm going to start right now."

I lead her down the hallway to the bedroom I've rarely used. We're barely inside when she glides her hands up my chest and pushes my jacket to the floor. She moves to my tie next, sliding the knot down. "Always so much to take off of you."

"Anxious to get me naked, huh?"

"Maybe."

"Let me help." I'm eager to feel her naked body pressed against mine.

I reach for my top button but she stills my hand. She shakes her head and brings my fingers to her mouth, kissing them. "I want to do it. I've missed undressing you."

She's moving at a painstaking pace. "Bonny. I'd like to bed you tonight."

She grins up as she unfastens the last shirt button. "In case you've forgotten, anticipation is one of the best forms of foreplay."

She removes my first cufflink. "I haven't forgotten how much you enjoy making me wait. It's a lesson I won't be forgetting any time soon."

I hold up my wrist for the next one. She appears amused. "You make it sound as though I'm purposely torturing you."

"You have no idea." I need her five minutes ago.

She places my cufflinks on the nightstand. "It's been months. I want to take my time with you and savor every moment."

She pushes my shirt from my shoulders, allowing it to fall to the floor. Her warm mouth spreads kisses while her hands explore my chest. She stops and cups her palm over my heart. "Another thing I've missed."

I place my hand over hers. "You've been right here inside my heart the whole time."

"Who taught you to say such pretty words?"

She's right. I'm not normally the kind of man to say such things. But losing my beloved Bleu changed my world. "You did-when you stole my heart."

She rises to the tips of her toes so her mouth reaches mine. She laces the fingers of both hands through my hair and pulls me closer. Her tongue is soft and wet moving against mine in perfect rhythm. Her kiss is delicious-the sweetest aphrodisiac. There hasn't been a single moment in the last three months I haven't longed for this.

I guide her backward and she stops when her thighs touch the bed. "Lie back. I'm going to ruin you for all other men."

She sits on the edge of the bed and then does as I tell her.

I begin my erotic journey by kissing her ankle. "May these feet never run from me again."

My mouth moves up her calf. I lift her leg and kiss her behind her knee. "Know now that every time you run, I'll seek."

I drag my lips up her inner thighs. "I did it once but I'll never be able to let you go again. Ever."

"Then don't."

She's writhing below me. She knows where I'm going next.

She says she wants to fully appreciate our reunion so I'm going to give her something worth savoring.

I slip my thumb inside the edge of her knickers and move it up and down, stroking the bend of her leg. She squirms, lifting her pelvis up and over in an attempt to move my finger toward her center where she wants it most. I resist the temptation of giving in to her. But it isn't easy. I want to caress her there as badly as she wants me to. "All in good time."

"You're killing me and you know it."

"Anticipation, Bonny. You say it's the best form of foreplay." I take my thumb from the bend of her leg and rub it down the center of her knickers. The fabric of her crotch is soaking. "I think it's working."

I lower my mouth to her abdomen and nibble at her groin. She jerks and groans, "You're torturing me."

"But what sweet agony it is."

I push her legs apart and move my mouth down her knickers. I do nothing but breathe, letting her feel the warmth of my breath between her legs. This is my way of giving her a moment to guess what my next move will be. When I'm satisfied she's had time to think of at least a dozen different deeds, I lick the center of her wet knickers.

"Oh God." She jolts, either in surprise or ecstasy. Either is an acceptable reason to me.

I lightly stroke my thumb up and down the saturated fabric, gradually increasing the pressure. She wiggles closer and rocks her pelvis against my hand. "I think someone no longer wishes to play the waiting game."

"We can play all the games you want later." She sits up and reaches for the buckle of my belt. She yanks it apart and goes for the button of my trousers. "It's been too long. I can't wait another excruciating minute."

I kick off my shoes while she frees me of my pants and boxer briefs. She reaches inside and grasps my cock in her hand, stroking it from tip to base. "I need to feel this inside me. Now."

"That can be arranged." I hold the bed for balance as I step out of the clothes that have fallen down my legs.

She lifts her bottom and removes her knickers before reaching behind her back to unclasp her bra. She finishes undressing before me since I'm still playing the balancing game with my artificial limb.

She's lying completely naked on the bed before me. "You're beautiful. And all mine for the taking."

She moves to the edge of the mattress and slides off to stand. "Unless I take you first."

She puts her arms around my shoulders and guides me to turn. She puts her hands on my chest. "Sit."

I do as she says before she removes my prosthesis. When she completes the chore, she rises to climb on top of me, one knee on each side of my pelvis.

I move my hand between her legs and glide my fingers back and forth through her slick slit. She leans forward and wraps her arms around my shoulders while rocking her pelvis against my hand and panting into my ear. Her mouth makes its way down my neck, first nibbling, and then sucking a patch of skin on my shoulder. I have no doubt it's going to leave a mark-a big, dark one. But I don't care. I'm hers. She can brand me any way she chooses.

She releases my shoulder and sucks air in through her teeth. She arches her back and lifts her chin so she's looking upward. "Ohh. Right there, Sin. Don't stop."

As if.

I pull her tight so my mouth is over her ear. "I'm never going to stop making you come. Ever."

She tenses tightly, squeezing me hard, our foreheads now pressed together. "Ohh. Ohh."

She relaxes a minute later and I notice her shaking. "You're trembling."

"Mmm ... because that was magnificent. And so very needed. It's been too long."

"I'm happy to hear that."

"You're still the only one."

I'm relieved. I didn't think Bleu had been with another man but it eases my mind to hear it confirmed.

She rises and finds my hard cock with her hand. She lowers herself onto it until I'm balls-deep inside her. "There will never be anyone else for me, Bonny. Only you."

Her eyes never leave mine as she moves up and down. I have to say the words dying to escape. "Into me ... you see."

She cradles my face with her hands. "Into me ... you see. Always."

She's too good at this so my orgasm builds faster than I'd like. I'm not ready for this first time to be over. But it's been too long. I won't last much longer at this pace so I move my hands to Bleu's hips, encouraging her to slow down. "Easy, Bonny."

"Are you having a hard time keeping it contained?"

I can't talk about coming while I'm trying to hold off. "Something like that."

"Then you should be in control." While grasping my neck, she rolls to her back, taking me with her so I'm on top. I'm nestled between her thighs and push into her slowly and deeply as she wraps her legs around me tightly.

My hands glide up her arms until they find hers. We lace our fingers together between thrusts. "I love you, Bonny."

"I love you too, Sin."

Again, my climax builds sooner than I'd like but I've done all I can to prolong it.

I clasp Bleu's hands and thrust deep, emptying myself and all my love inside her. She squeezes her legs tighter and I'm certain I've never been deeper within her body. "Uhh!"

When it's over, I collapse-spent and exhausted-onto the bed beside her while still holding her left hand. I lift it so I can see how it looks with an engagement ring on it. "Do you really like it?"

"Like is a serious understatement for how I feel about this ring."

"You never wear jewelry so I had no idea what you'd prefer. I had to go with my gut since I couldn't ask your sister for help."

"Your gut has excellent taste."

She rolls to her stomach and props on her elbows. "We live on separate continents. Have you worked out the details for when, where, and how this marriage is going to take place?"

I've done my research. "We'll marry here. I brought the appropriate documentation with me. Once we're legally married, you'll return to Scotland with me on a spouse visa. That will be valid for two and a half years."

"What happens when it expires?"

"You'll get an extension for another two and a half years. Once you've lived in Scotland for five years, you'll apply for a permanent residency, called an indefinite leave to remain."

"Sounds like you've thought of everything. When are we doing this?"

I don't think it's wise to wait a minute longer than necessary. "The sooner, the better since Abram's men could find you any day. But I suppose you'll need a little time for the things you have to do."

She looks at me puzzled. "Such as?"

"I assume you want to buy a wedding dress and get a bouquet of your favorite flowers to carry. And I need a wedding band. But I get it if you're too busy."

"No. I want to pick it." She holds up her hand and studies her engagement ring again. "You did such a wonderful job of choosing for me. I want to do the same for you."

I bring her hand to my lips for a kiss. "Thank you."

"You've told me the how and when-what about the where?"

"I was thinking we'd have a civil ceremony at the courthouse since we won't have friends or family present. We can have a big celebration with family once we're home. I'm certain my mum will love planning that." She practically turned Bleu's initiation ceremony into a wedding celebration so there's no limit to what she'll do for the real thing.

Bleu looks sad. "What's wrong?"

She reaches up and wipes several tears from her face. "I'm sad my family won't be there. Or even aware that I'm a bride."

"Your family is welcome to come. I'd like it very much if they were in attendance. I know how happy it would make you."

She shakes her head. "No. And you know why."

I do know but it doesn't mean I'm going along with it. "It's possible your father may never know but Ellison will have to be told at some point. Are you sure you want her to find out after the fact? I'm sure she'll be bitter you didn't tell her beforehand."

"My sister is the mouth of the south. She'll rat me out to Dad if she knows I've married you."

I'd really like to change her mind about this decision. "Would it be so bad if your father knew you were marrying?"

"That I'm getting married? No. That I'm marrying you? Hell yes. He'd die of a coronary."

I don't know Harold MacAllister but I think Bleu may give him too little credit. "Why would he be so opposed? I'm going to take care of you. You'd never find another man who will provide you with the life I'll give you."

She looks at me as though I've grown two heads. "My dad's FBI. You're the future leader of a criminal organization. He dedicated his life to going undercover so he could arrest people like you."

She forgets one thing. "You were an agent sworn to uphold the law and you seem to like me just fine. He might also. I'm not an unlikable person."

She sighs. "He might like you as a person but he'd never accept the things you do."

She shouldn't be so closed-minded. "He's a dying man. He might be happy-or maybe even relieved-to know there's a man who is fully committed to loving and protecting his little girl."

"In his eyes, your criminal background will negate any feelings of love you have for me. And in case you haven't noticed, I don't need a man to take care of me. I do a right nice job on my own."

Bleu is strong but she needs my protection, even if she's not yet willing to admit it. "I wish you'd at least think about telling him. I want to be the man you introduce to your family. Not the one you hide. I'd very much like to meet my father-in-law before the opportunity is gone forever."

Her brow wrinkles. "Why?"

This is another thing Bleu doesn't understand about The Fellowship. "Marrying you behind your father's back without his permission feels like a betrayal against him. A brother wouldn't dare marry a Fellowship daughter without her family's approval."

"Trust me. My father would feel betrayed if he found out about our marriage, but it wouldn't be you he considered the traitor."

And he won't feel betrayed by Bleu, either-not when I finish explaining everything to him. I'll tell Harold MacAllister my true intentions and how much I love his daughter.

Bleu will have her father's approval before he dies. I will see to it.

Chapter Five

Bleu MacAllister

Oh my God. I'm getting married. In a courthouse. To a criminal. I'm literally going to stand in a building where defendants are prosecuted for their crimes and vow to love, honor, and cherish the future leader of a notorious criminal organization-the biggest one in Scotland.

Shit.

There's no waiting period. All we need is the appropriate paperwork and we can become husband and wife as soon as we like.

Again, shit.

Am I seriously going to do this? Become Sinclair Breckenridge's wife? The spouse of The Fellowship's next leader?

I look at myself in the full-length mirror as I stand on the platform at the bridal shop and can only come up with one answer: Yes.

"Honey, you look beautiful. This shade of ivory is gorgeous against your skin tone," my sales associate, Wendy, says.

I went into the bridal shop determined. I didn't want a traditional wedding gown-wouldn't even consider looking at a long white beaded gown with a train. To do so would be silly. I won't be walking down an aisle or saying my vows in a church. My family won't be present-or even privy to what's going on. I'm neither proud nor happy about that.

I spin and look at myself in the mirror. The dress is knee length with an ivory lace overlay. It's strapless-and A-line-with a wide champagne satin sash at the waist. It's not bridal looking; I think it's likely a cocktail dress.

There's no way Ellison would approve. She'd have me in a sparkling white ball gown with a train as long as the room. I'd look like Princess Diana when she was finished with me. We'd never agree on a dress. But I wish she were here arguing with me.

"I really like this dress but do I look like a bride?" I'm having trouble seeing myself wearing this when I say "I do."

"Of course you look like a bride," Wendy squeals and holds up her index finger. "You just need to see the final product to be certain."

She spins me around so I can't see my reflection and begins the process of pulling my hair up and blinging me out with sparkly jewelry.

She places an artificial bouquet in my hands and tells me to close my eyes before spinning around to see my reflection. "Take a look."

I stare at the stranger in the mirror. I'm almost breathless, but not because of the image I see looking back at me. It's because there's no doubt remaining in my mind. I am a real bride-Sinclair Breckenridge's.

She grins when she sees the awe on my face. "What do you think now, honey? Feel like a bride?"

I reach up to touch the side bun and floral hairpiece Wendy pinned in my hair. I'm sold. "I do."

"You should. When is your wedding?"

"Friday."

Her eyes grow large. "Honey! That's only two days away. Why have you waited until the last minute to get your dress?"

"We just decided yesterday." Or last night. Actually, it was twelve hours ago if we're being technical. "We decided to elope."

I'm sure she suspects pregnancy is behind the mad rush since it isn't possible for her to guess the truth-that I'm in a hurry to marry the handsome Scotsman in the lobby so we can stop his psychopathic uncle from annihilating me.

It's true. I'm doing this to save my hide but that isn't the only reason I said yes. I love Sinclair Breckenridge with all my heart and soul. I would've agreed to marry him even if Abram's men weren't coming for me.

Wendy tugs at the dress hem, smoothing it. "This is a perfect fit for you. That's a good thing since it couldn't possibly be altered in time for your wedding." She stands back and studies me. "I think you should carry a bouquet of off-white, soft peach, and pale lavender. It may sound unusual but it would be lovely with this shade of ivory."

I guess she would know. I certainly don't. I was never that girl who sat around studying bridal magazines while dreaming of a magical wedding to a white knight. It's a good thing since I'm marrying a charming villain instead of Prince Charming.

I make my final purchases and find Sin sitting on a sofa in the shop's front parlor. He doesn't see me so I stop to watch him as he looks through a bridal magazine. I guess there's not much choice of reading material in a place like this but it's still not something one would expect out of a Fellowship leader.

He catches me and tosses the magazine onto the coffee table. "Find everything you were looking for?"

I hold up the wardrobe bag. "I'm all set."

"Am I allowed to see your dress?"

We're not having a traditional wedding with friends or family but I'd like to stick to some form of tradition. "You'll see it on Friday."

"Fair enough." My favorite dimple makes its appearance. "So we have two more stops to make today?"

"Actually, three."

"Your flowers. My ring." He lifts his brows and tilts his head. He does that when asking me a question without saying a word. I love our nonverbal communication, particularly the kind we use behind closed doors.

I clear my voice. "Undergarments and wedding night attire, Breck."

"I see." His dimple deepens. "We will definitely make time for that stop."

"I knew you'd be in agreement." I'm actually a little surprised lingerie shopping wasn't his idea.

"I want to pick what you wear on our wedding night."

Of course he does. That's Sin's thing. He loves to choose my intimates. He can be somewhat of a tyrant about it. I've never minded but this time is different. It's our wedding night. I should be the one to decide what I wear. I want to be a gift for my husband, wrapped in lingerie for him to unwrap. "No. I want it to be a surprise."

The lawyer in him wants to argue. I see it in his eyes. But I give him a look that dares him to strong-arm me on this one. "I said no."

"Can I at least make a request since it's my wedding night too?"

"I know what you like to see me wear, Breck. I'll make it special. I promise you won't be disappointed."

Like any man, Sin likes to see me in sexy things but he doesn't care for crude or explicit. There's a line with him-he favors sensual over provocative. He says I'm his treasure and overtly sexual things devalue me because I'm better than that.

I've studied profiling so I'm not ignorant to what's really going on inside his head. Sin's been with countless women and has seen it all. He's been desensitized by all the sex he's had thrown at him over the years.

But I'm the exception. I made him wait. And I made him work for the pleasure of having me, something no other man had ever touched. For Sin, there was no bigger turn-on.

My husband-to-be pulls me into his arms. "You could never disappoint me."

He kisses me far too passionately considering we're in public. But I let him, without a single complaint. "I love you, Bonny."

"And I love you." I'm sure everyone in the bridal shop is staring but I don't care. "Is this that thing people call happiness?"

"It is, Bonny. I'm certain of it. And I can't wait to know the rest of our story because you're my happily ever after."

"Bleu?" I hear a familiar voice so I twist in Sin's arms.

Oh shit. It's Cody.

"Hey." I straighten and step away from Sin as I clear my throat of my heart since it has just taken a leap upward.

"This makes three times in one week," he says.

Shit. I didn't tell Sin about Cody showing up at the hospice center.

I'm between a rock and a hard place. The rock being how to not introduce Sin and the hard place being how to avoid explaining why we're at a bridal shop kissing like lovebirds.

Divert. Deflect. Distract. Make him do the talking so I don't have to.

"What brings you in?"

"My buddy is getting married. I'm picking up my tux."

Gotta keep him talking. "Anyone I know?"

"I don't think so. He's originally from the Vegas area. Moved here with his job."

I can't let him ask me what I'm doing here. "Is he a pilot?"

"Yeah. With Delta."

"Nice."

I'm racking my brain for what I'll say next when Sin completely blows it for me, offering his hand to Cody. "Sinclair Breckenridge. I'm Bleu's husband." A devilish grin spreads. "Or at least I will be this Friday."

Well, fuck me running.

Cody looks from Sin to me. "You didn't mention a fiance when we were together the other night."

I'm under the impression Cody could be trying to provoke Sin. If so, he shouldn't. Sin doesn't play fair. My old friend is in a whole other league he can't begin to understand.

Sin has created a situation I can't explain away. That's a problem for me. Cody will tell his mother and then she'll tell ... everyone.

Sin can be such a bastard. He's fixed this so I have to admit I'm marrying him.

"We had a terrible lovers' spat the night I ran into you at the bar and I called off the wedding. That's what I meant when I said I had just gotten out of an intense situation." I look at Sin, giving him my best stink eye. "But we've ironed everything out now and the wedding's back on." I lean into Sin and pinch the skin on the back of his arm. "Isn't that right, honey?"

"Aye! Aye!" he yelps. "It certainly is." He yanks his arm free, wrapping it around my shoulder so I can no longer pinch him. "I can't wait to make this sweet lass my wife."

Cody puts his hands in his pockets and rocks back on his heels. "Your family must be very pleased."

I'm not going there and I won't let Sin, either.

"We're actually in a hurry to make an appointment with our florist so we need to run," I lie.

"Oh, sure. Wouldn't want you to be late." He shakes Sin's hand again. "Congratulations. You're getting a fine wife."

"Thank you." He takes my hand possessively. "Ready, love?"

I nod. "It was good seeing you again, Cody."

I don't say a word as we walk to the car. Once we're inside, I'm tempted to beat the hell out of Sin. "I can not believe you just did that."

"He tried to kiss you."

"Unsuccessfully."

"He's been to the hospice center since your little reunion. I think we both know it wasn't your father he came to see. He wants what's mine. I had no choice but to let him know you weren't his for the taking."

"It doesn't matter if he wants me."

"I did what a husband does for his wife. I let him know you are mine. I don't understand why you're upset."

"One: what you just did was unnecessary. We'll likely never see Cody again so it doesn't matter if he wants me or not. Two: this makes a huge problem for me. He's going to tell his mom and then she'll tell everyone. Word is bound to get back to my Dad and Ellison."

"You're going to be my wife in two days and I'm fucking thrilled about it. Forgive me if I want someone besides us to know."

"I don't care if the world knows-as long as Dad and Ellison don't find out."

"I'm sorry. I'm possessive of you and I allowed it to get the better of me. I wasn't thinking of what you'd want." He brings my hand to his mouth and kisses it. "I'm sorry. Can you forgive me, Bonny?"

It's hard to not forgive a man whose pet name for you means beautiful. "Maybe this time."

I understand Sin's drive to have Cody know I belong to him. It's testosterone. Or nature. Call it what you like but it's the only reason I'm able to overlook him going against my wishes.

"I've never allowed another man to touch me. Only you. Don't forget it."

Chapter Six

Sinclair Breckenridge

I'm marrying my Bonny Bleu tomorrow-without her family's knowledge or her father's approval. I'm not all right with that. It feels dirty-like committing a betrayal against a weak, dying man. There's very little I find more lowdown than dishonoring a man under these conditions.

I won't enter our marriage this way.

Harold MacAllister won't be around to watch over and protect Bleu. I believe he'll find comfort in knowing I'm pledging my life to her safety and happiness. Wouldn't every father want a man to take that vow for his daughter?

The hall smells of that all-too-familiar odor common to medical facilities. The chemical smell of medications. Shit. Piss. Vomit. Bleach to mask the odor of the three. I remember it well. But there's another smell here, different from what I grew accustomed to during my own recovery period.

It's the stench of death.

I swore I'd never enter a hospital again after my amputation. I had to when I nearly died of sepsis several months ago. Now, here I am inside a hospice care center because I want to speak to the man who, in twenty-four hours, will be my father-in-law.

I stand outside Harold MacAllister's door and catch my breath as I prepare to knock. I'm apprehensive. Nerves aren't something I experience often and I'm a little surprised by my anxiety.

I'm confident about everything I plan to tell Bleu's father. I practiced it in my head all night. I'm just not sure how well it will be received.

I knock and a woman's voice tells me to enter. I open the door and find Ellison standing on one side of Harold MacAllister's bed, a nurse on the other. "Good morning. We're helping Mr. Mac get a little more comfortable." They're using a sheet to move him up toward the head of his bed. "I don't know how you worm your way down so quickly. Seems like we just pulled you up an hour ago."

They finish and lift the head of the bed so Harold is almost in a sitting position. "Here's your call light. Buzz me if you need anything."

"Thanks, Marge," Ellison says.

Bleu's sister waits until the nurse is gone to address me. "You're him."

She recognizes me? How? I was under the impression Ellison knew nothing of me.

"You need to go, Elli," Harold tells his daughter. Apparently, he recognizes me as well.

"Hello, Mr. MacAllister." I nod in Ellison's direction. "Miss MacAllister."

"Don't be rude, Dad. This is Bleu's friend she met while she was in Scotland on assignment." Oh. She knows more than I expected.

"Leave now, Ellison."

Bleu's sister is clearly shocked by her father's reaction. "I'll be right outside if you need me."

I wait until Ellison is gone to introduce myself. "I'm Sinclair Breckenridge. It's a pleasure to make your acquaintance."

"You've come for her." He puts his hand to his chest and is gasping for air.

I'm scaring the shit out of the poor man. "I have but not for the reason you think." I pass him the cup of water from his bedside table. "Have a drink."

He does as I suggest but he's working hard to catch his breath. "Slow your breathing. You're working yourself into being short of air." Bleu will be very displeased with me if I send her father into some sort of attack.

"Why have you come?"

I gesture toward the bedside chair. "May I?"

He nods and appears to be calming a little. Maybe.

Everything I rehearsed in my head is a blur. "Please, bear with me. I had all of this planned out-everything I wanted to say to you-but I'm suddenly at a loss." This doesn't happen to me. I never lose control. I'm a total mess.

"Mr. MacAllister. I'm not sure what Bleu has told you. I'm probably rewinding a little too far but I'm doing so because I don't want there to be any confusion."

"Go ahead," he says.

"You're aware Bonny infiltrated The Fellowship through me with the goal of killing my father?" Dammit. That sounded horrid, as though I've come to avenge him. "I'm sorry. That came out all wrong." I'm doing a terrible job.

"Please don't hurt my daughter," Harold pleas.

"I'm not here to harm Bonny."

"Bonny?"

I laugh. "That's my special name for Bleu."

I get up to pace the room as I talk. Walking always seems to calm me. "Anyway, she wasn't successful. But I'm sure you know this already."

"She decided she couldn't go through with it." Okay. We may be getting closer to being on the same page.

"Aye. But do you know why she couldn't go through with it?"

"Her conscience got the better of her." That's a half-truth.

"That much is true but what she hasn't told you is why she developed a conscience about killing my father."

His brow wrinkles, his eyes squinted, as though he's trying to put the pieces together. "What are you saying?"

"She couldn't go through with it because we fell in love."

He's shaking his head in denial. "No."

"Trust me. I didn't want to love her, but I do-with all my heart. It's not what she wanted or planned, either, but still, she loves me all the same."

"I don't believe you." Harold raises his voice as much as he's able. "This is one of your crafty tricks."

"My uncle discovered Bleu's deception. I was supposed to kill her but I couldn't do it because I love her. I let her escape with a promise-I'd find a way to erase her grievance with The Fellowship."

"Let's assume I believe you're in love with one another. How do you suppose you're going to fix a problem of this magnitude? The Fellowship doesn't forgive and forget."

"Abram's men are in the US right now. They're on a mission to hunt and execute Bleu. She could probably run and avoid them but she refuses to leave you. Even if she did, it puts Ellison at risk. My uncle wouldn't hesitate in using your other daughter as a way to draw Bleu out."

I see the terror in his eyes. "No. Not both of my daughters."

"Mr. MacAllister. I can protect Bleu. And Ellison."

"In exchange for what?" He's suspicious of my motives, as he should be.

"Bleu's hand in marriage."

"Never!"

"I'm pledging my life to your daughter's safety and happiness. You know who I am so I'm certain you understand that as my wife, no one can harm Bleu. It's Fellowship code-something none of us dare violate. The grace of safety our marriage will provide also blankets Ellison because she's Bleu's family. My uncle will be forced to call off his order to execute Bleu the moment I tell him we've married."

"Are you here to ask for my blessing?"

"Yes, sir. That's exactly why I've come."

"You're asking me to be okay with my daughter marrying the leader of a criminal organization. How does a father give his blessing for something like that?" he asks.

"You give it because you love your daughter and want her to be safe and happy."

"And you believe being married to you will make her happy?"

He's not convinced so I need to change his mind. "I proposed to Bleu two days ago and she said yes. We spent all day yesterday preparing for our wedding tomorrow."

He's hurt. I see it in his eyes. "She's going to marry you tomorrow without telling me?"

"Yes. But only because she believes you won't approve. She doesn't want you to be disappointed with her for marrying me."

"I will never be all right with her marrying into a family of criminals."

I must make him understand how things will be for Bleu as my wife. "Bleu will never be tainted by my business or The Fellowship. I swear this to you."

"She'll live among you. It's not possible for her to not be touched by your criminal activities."

He may need reminding that Bleu isn't coming into our marriage untainted. She's no angel. "Bleu came into my life because she had made the decision to commit murder. She came to kill my dad for a crime he didn't commit."

"And what has become of that? Your father-the leader of The Fellowship-couldn't have possibly forgotten her motive for infiltrating your organization. He must be as eager as your uncle to get rid of her."

He's wrong. "Not at all. Bleu was mistaken about Dad being her mother's killer. He loved Amanda Lawrence very much so Bleu holds a dear place in his heart. He wants to protect her. She's in good standing with my father."

"She would have Thane's protection as well?"

"Yes. My parents are quite fond of Bleu, as are the other members of The Fellowship." With the exception of Abram. "She was initiated into the brotherhood months ago. They welcomed her with open arms. None of the members, not even my uncle, know about her plot to kill my father. I've told no one."

"You would keep that secret from your family and the people you are most loyal to so she would remain safe?"

"Absolutely. I'll always do what I must to protect her."

"Do you know who killed Amanda?"

"Not yet. But I promised Bleu I would help her find out." It's a promise she'll hold me to.

"There's no way it wasn't one of your people or someone tied to you."

I don't like his theory but it holds water. "I agree."

"She's a good detective. She isn't going to stop until she finds out who he is."

"Aye. You're right."

"I know my daughter well. When she figures out which Fellowship member is her mother's killer, she'll go after him. She won't stop until he's dead. That puts her in danger, regardless of her position as your wife." Again, he's right. The Fellowship won't let the death of one of our own go unpunished.

"They won't hesitate to kill her." He stares at me intently. "But they'd never consider killing you-their leader."

I understand where he's going with this.

"You're asking me to approve of your union with my daughter. There's only one way that'll happen. Give me your word as a Fellowship member that you'll be the one to take out the man who killed her mother. I'll give you my blessing to marry my daughter, that is if marriage is what she wants."

This is a good move for Harold MacAllister. He sees my marriage to Bleu for what it is-something completely out of his control. It's going to happen with or without his approval so he's making the most of it. He's a dying man preying upon my code of honor to ensure his daughter's safety. I respect that.

"I swear on my honor that I will be the one to carry out penance against Amanda Lawrence's killer. Bleu won't have a part in it."

"You should expect that to be a fight. She'll want to be the one to do it."

"I expect nothing less than a battle out of her, but you have my word."

"I believe you. But I need to talk to my daughter before I give you my blessing. And judging by the number of times your phone has buzzed, she should be arriving any minute."

He's right. It's been a near constant vibration against my chest since the moment Ellison walked out the door. That means she called Bleu immediately.

I'm imagining her in the car freaking out on the drive here.

I hope she doesn't have one of her fits. She thinks she lied her way out of it but that was no dream I witnessed in Edinburgh. I know a PTSD attack when I see one. They aren't pretty. And that's something we'll need to get out in the open soon.

"Maybe you should call her to say all is well so she isn't distracted on the drive here." He's her father so naturally he's concerned for her safety.

"She won't be behind the wheel. My men will drive her. She's never out of our sight."

The door bursts open a few minutes later. Bleu is breathless and pale. She looks back and forth between her father and me. "Someone tell me what's happening here."

Harold lifts his hand and motions for Bleu to sit on his bed. "Come here, girlie girl."

Bleu shoots daggers in my direction as she crosses the floor. If looks could kill, I wouldn't just drop dead, I'd be six feet under.

"Mr. Breckenridge. I need a moment alone with my daughter, please."

"Of course."

I open the door and come face to face with Ellison doing her best to eavesdrop-apparently unsuccessful since she didn't hear her father's request for me to step out. "Hello again."

"Hello."

I lean against the wall. "I'm Sinclair Breckenridge."

"I gathered as much." She offers her hand. "I suppose it's safe to assume you know who I am."

"Aye, I do."

She leans against the opposite wall, arms crossed. She's staring me down. "You have my sister flipping the fuck out."

"I gathered as much."

"What the hell have you done?" She's wearing a huge grin. "I've never seen my sister so out of control. She's acting like a lunatic."

I don't want to say anything I shouldn't. "Long story. Probably best for you to ask her."

"Maybe so, but I'm asking you instead. Bleu isn't exactly forthcoming. Especially when it comes to her emotions."

"I'm fairly certain her feelings are ones of anger right now, based on the look she was giving me as I left the room."

"Good. Bleu needs someone to piss her off. At least it's a reaction."

I think she may be suggesting Bleu is unfeeling but I don't see her in that light at all.

"You came all the way from Scotland to see her?"

"Aye."

"Is that because you love her?"

"I do. Very much." I'm not in a place where I want to discuss my relationship with Ellison. That's for Bleu to explain so I decide it's best to steer the conversation in a different direction. "Bonny tells me you're a nurse?"

"Bonny?"

I laugh. "It means beautiful."

"Shit! I may swoon." She shakes her head and laughs. "Sorry. Yes, I am a nurse."

"Your medical knowledge must be an asset with your father being ill."

"I'm not so sure. Sometimes I wish I didn't know what was happening." Her face looks pained. "I envy Bleu's inability to see the reality."

"How much longer do you think he has?"

"Not long. Maybe a week. Tops."

Bonny is going to be a mess. But she'll have me to help her through her loss. "Will you tell her?"

"No. I can't bring myself to do it." Ellison shakes her head. "Those two are thick as thieves. You should probably know that she isn't going to do well when he goes."

Ellison and I discuss Harold MacAllister's health until Bleu opens the door. Her eyes are swollen. Her face, red and blotchy. "He wants to see us together."

"Good luck, dude," Ellison says.

I follow Bleu into Harold's room, shutting the door behind me. I want to reach for my Bonny Bleu's hand but I'm afraid it isn't wise. She's angry with me. I see it all over her face.

I will have a lot of explaining to do when we leave.

"My daughter is very unhappy with you right now, Mr. Breckenridge."

"I never dreamed she wouldn't be." I look at her. "But it's my greatest hope she'll understand the reason behind my action. And maybe eventually agree it was the only honorable and right thing to do."

"I don't know if you'll get that out of her." Harold MacAllister laughs. "Regardless of her anger and despite the hit your uncle has issued, she tells me she's in love with you and wants to be your wife."

I'm very pleased to know Bonny has declared her feelings for me to her father. Another step in the right direction.

"Bleu insisted on infiltrating The Fellowship and it didn't go as planned. That's a good thing considering she was going after the wrong man. I'm not happy about Bleu becoming part of The Fellowship. But it is what it is-the next sin, you could say. Your offer of marriage is a solution. According to her, she couldn't love you more so falling in love was a happy coincidence. I can die in peace knowing my little girl will be in your care. I'm giving you my approval."

Perfect. I have Harold MacAllister's blessing. All I need now is his daughter's forgiveness.

* * *

I've fucked up big time-twice-in a day and a half. Not the best way to begin our marriage.

Bleu hasn't said a single word to me during the ride to her house. I'm not sure if that's because she's choosing to not speak to me or because she doesn't wish to argue in front of Sterling. Either way, I'm certain I'll catch hell as soon as we're alone.

I don't want Bonny to be angry with me. I need her to understand the reason I felt compelled to speak with her father while I still could.

Once we're inside, Bleu stomps to her bedroom. I follow her so we can talk but she slams the door in my face.

Click-the sound of her locking the door between us. I hope she isn't under the illusion that will stop me from coming in. She'll need more than this flimsy rectangle to keep us apart.

I rap lightly on the hollow door. "Bonny. We need to talk."

No answer.

I tap a little more firmly. "You know I'm not going anywhere so you might as well let me in."

Still nothing so I jiggle the handle. "We are going to discuss this. I'd prefer we didn't do it after I break down the door."

The lock pops. I turn the knob and let myself in. She's standing in the middle of her bedroom, hands on hips. "You're a complete jackass. I'm so damn mad at you right now!" She picks up a picture frame from her bedside table and throws it at me. I narrowly dodge being hit in the head. "You're such a selfish bastard."

Oh hell. She's really mad.

We've never gone head to head but I'm fully aware that Bleu is no delicate flower. She could probably kick my ass under the right circumstances. Judging by her reaction, it's probably a good idea for me to be prepared for such.

"You already knew I was a selfish bastard. This isn't news for you."

"Dammit! You had no right to go to my father without my consent!" she yells.

"We both know you would've never agreed to me seeing him." This was one of those instances where it was easier to obtain forgiveness than permission. Although right now, I'm questioning the whole forgiveness thing.

"That's right. And for good reason."

"Aye. You're right to call me a selfish bastard because I am. I went to your father because I didn't care for the way it made me feel to know I was taking you as my wife behind his back. But I also did it for the two of you."

"How can you claim this was about anything but you? I plainly told you I didn't want him to know, but you just had to go and be the tyrant you always are and do things your way."

She's so angry, she's refusing to acknowledge the outcome my visit accomplished. "Your father approved of our marriage, Bonny. Isn't that what you wanted? Aren't you happy about that?"

"It's what you wanted. Not me. I never wanted him to find out."

Oh, she's going to be a hard-ass on this one. "Aye. I wanted his blessing but don't you have contentment in him knowing about us and approving of our union before he's gone?"

"I don't know. I can't feel any kind of satisfaction or happiness because I'm so pissed at you."

Did I go too far? "Are you considering backing out?"

"I don't know what I'm doing."

I'm not going to lose her over this. "Think about it. Your father will die knowing I'm taking you and Ellison into my care. He knows you'll have someone protecting you after he's gone. It's a terrible burden lifted from his mind. He can be at peace where you and Ellison are concerned. Can you please try to see the good in what I've done?"

I take a step toward her but she puts her hand up. It's my cue to not come closer. "It's hard for me to see the good for all the selfishness involved."

My motives weren't only self-driven. "Your father's blessing is a gift I wanted you to have. His approval means he and your sister can be part of our wedding ceremony. You get to have your family present when we make our vows."

She's barely made mention of her family not being present at our wedding, but I know how much she longs for them to be a part of it.

"Dad's too sick to leave, even for my wedding."

"Then we'll be married in his hospital room. I'm sure we can find an officiant to perform the ceremony at the hospice center." When I see a change in her expression, I move toward her. She doesn't stop me this time. "That is if it pleases my wife-to-be."

There it is. That smile I'm desperate to see. "Yes. It pleases your wife-to-be very much."

What a relief. "I'm very glad."

"I love you so I'm going to give you a forewarning. Don't go behind my back like that ever again. I can promise you with one hundred percent accuracy that it will cause major problems in our marriage if you do."

"Got it." I can't make a promise to never do it again so I voice my understanding instead of an agreement. I'm certain there will be occasions when I won't tell Bleu the whole truth, and it will always be with good reason. I will never purposely hurt her. "Know this, Bleu. I will always do what I must for your happiness and well-being. That's something you can always trust without fail."

Chapter Seven

Bleu MacAllister

I didn't like how Sin went behind my back-and although I'll never admit it to him-he was right about going to my father. Which means I was wrong. I couldn't see it last night because I was blinded by rage. Everything looked different to me in the light of day, even more so when I walked into the living room this morning and saw Sin crunched up on the sofa.

I looked at him drooling on the pillow beneath his head and it all came full circle for me. I realized that although he pisses me off beyond all recognition at times, this is the man I want to wake next to for the rest of my life-drool and all.

Now I'm standing here facing Sin in my family's presence and I couldn't be happier. This wouldn't be happening with my dad's and Ellison's presence if Sin hadn't gone against my wishes. I love him all the more for that.

No gown with a train. No veil. No organ music or church full of flowers surrounded by friends and family. I didn't think it was possible for this to feel like a wedding but I was wrong. I'm marrying the man I love with my father and sister present. I have everything I need.

Today's suit choice is platinum with a cream and lavender pinstriped shirt. Sin's tie is a paisley print-silver, lavender, and peach. I can't fathom how in the world he found one in those colors on such short notice.

His boutonniere on his lapel is a tiny miniature of my bridal bouquet, the spray of flowers the only thing distinguishing him from looking the way he does any other time. And that's fine by me. He's handsome every single day.

"Who gives this woman?" the officiant asks.

"Her sister and I," my father answers from his hospital bed. I giggle inside because Ellison insisted my dad include her in the giving of the bride. I'd probably do the same if it were her marrying.

Vow writing has been the last thing on my mind so Sin and I will be using the ones provided by the chaplain-whatever they are. "Repeat after me."

Sin squeezes my hands as he says, "I, Liam Sinclair Breckenridge, take you, Stella Bleu MacAllister, to be my lover and mother of my children." He stops at the mention of children. He sees me fighting tears and leans over to kiss the side of my face. He whispers in my ear, "No worries, Bonny. I'm going to do everything within my power to give you babies."

He straightens and clears his voice to continue his vows. "I love what I know of you and trust what I've yet to learn. I eagerly anticipate the chance to grow together, getting to know the woman you will become, and falling in love a little more every day. I promise to love and cherish you through whatever life may bring us."

I believe what Sin has just said to me. Every. Word.

I repeat the same vows and nearly lose it again when I get to the part about children. He squeezes and rubs his thumbs over the tops of my hands to reassure me.

No worries. That's what he said.

I finish my vows, truly meaning each and every word. We exchange rings and I'm nearly floored when I see my wedding band for the first time. I can't believe I didn't ask to see it before. In combination with my engagement ring, it's huge-ridiculously so. And I love it. No one will ever mistake me for an unmarried woman. He's made sure of it.

"You may kiss your bride." We lean in and softly brush our lips. No tongue. That would just be weird in front of my dad and sister. I've never had a boyfriend so they've never witnessed me so much as hold hands with a man.

"And so it's done. You're my wife, Mrs. Breckenridge. No backing out now."

I'm in too deep for that but I wouldn't dare try, even if it were a possibility.

Elli is all smiles as she claps. That's because my sister doesn't know who Sin is. She has no idea what kind of man I've just married.

She comes to me. "Congratulations. I knew you wouldn't have a wedding cake so I brought white-on-white cupcakes."

She goes to the closet and takes out a Gigi's cupcake box and a large green bottle. "But more importantly, I brought champagne!"

"Thank you, Elli. Everything happened so fast, I didn't consider anything like that."

She pops the top and pours for everyone. Even Dad. "A sip won't hurt."

"A sip, hell. I'm having as much as I want, little lady. It's not every day my girlie girl gets married."

Ellison is snapping pictures one after another-she's my photographer today. "Drink from each other's glasses."

We do as instructed and she gives us a plastic knife from the cafeteria. "Time to cut the cake."

"It's a cupcake. I don't think it needs cutting."

"Humor me."

I place the knife on top of the mile-high frosting. Sin wraps his hand around mine and together we glide it downward.

I giggle. What we're doing feels silly-but fun-so I can't resist swiping my finger through the frosting and smearing it across Sin's face. "I see how you want to play."

"Ahh!" I step away and look at Harry. "Daddy. Help."

"Don't look at me," he laughs. It's the first real smile I've seen out of him in weeks.

Sin prowls toward me until my back is against the wall. "Come here, sweet wife."

I'm doomed. I have nowhere to go so I grin and prepare for what comes next.

Sin doesn't disappoint. He kisses me, smearing white icing all over the lower portion of my face.

I grab a napkin and go into the bathroom to survey the damage. "You messed up my makeup," I call out.

He comes into the bathroom and stands behind me, looking at my reflection. "You didn't need it anyway. You're beautiful without it."

"Dad is spent. Today's events were a lot for him. I think we should go so he can rest."

"Whatever you want is fine by me."

As we clean our mess, Ellison holds up the box of leftover cupcakes. "Take these with you. You might have some fun with them later."

"Fun with cupcakes?" I'm not sure I want her to elaborate on that.

She laughs and shrugs. "Get a little bit creative and you can have fun with anything."

"Sure." Why not?

I look at Dad to make sure he isn't paying attention to us. "He isn't doing well," I whisper.

"He tires easily." I remember the nature of this beast. It takes and takes without giving anything in return.

"He won't last much longer, will he?" I say the words, immediately wishing I hadn't. "Never mind. I don't want to know the answer to that."

Elli stops and grasps my arm. "You shouldn't take a long honeymoon if you want to be here when he goes."

"Then the end is closer than I thought."

"Dad hides a lot from us. I go along with it, pretending I don't know what he's doing, but he doesn't fool me."

Sin and I haven't discussed a honeymoon, but there's no way I can go anywhere with my dad in this condition. "I'm going to be here for him. We're not going anywhere."

We say our goodbyes and get stopped by congratulators no fewer than a dozen times on the way out. I think Dad's nurse, Marge, must've told every person in the building about our wedding in my dad's room.

We get into the black sedan Sin has spent too much time in over the last few weeks. "Sterling. Mrs. Breckenridge and I need a moment of privacy, please."

My new husband pulls me close and kisses me like crazy. I'm lightheaded, drunk off his lips. And I want more, so much more. "I've been dying to do that since I listened to you say your vows.'"

"It was a turn-on, huh?"

"Aye."

"More so than my initiation ceremony?"

"Absolutely. So much so that I think I want to kiss you like that again."

When he's finished, he holds my face with his hands. "I have a very important call to make."

Sin takes his phone from his jacket. With my hand in his, he brings it to his mouth for a kiss as he waits for Abram to answer. "I love you so much, Bonny. Thank you for marrying me."

He straightens in his seat and clears his throat. "Aye, Uncle. All is well. I've found her."

I listen intently to the one-sided conversation. Dammit. I can guess at the things Abram is saying based on Sin's replies, but I wish I could hear for myself what the psychopath is saying.

"No. I didn't kill Bleu. I married her instead, so I'll be needing you to call off the hit on my wife."

I put my hands over my mouth and giggle beneath my breath while imagining the fit that damn evil bastard must be having. "Tell Uncle Abram I said hello," I say.

Sin grins and takes the phone away from his mouth. "You're so bad," he whispers.

He places a quick kiss on my lips before returning to his call. "No, Abram. As my wife, Bleu is protected under Fellowship code. 'You must never violate the wife or children of another member.' Contravene our code and you will face the consequences."

Based on my studies, the ramifications could include anything from a physical penance to the death penalty, depending upon the degree of the offense committed.

My husband is protecting me. And it's fucking hot.

I twist in my seat and move over to straddle Sin. I loosen his tie and open the top of his shirt. I kiss the dip at his throat and move my mouth up his neck until I reach that sensitive spot below his ear.

He moves his free hand to my lower back and pulls me close. "Dad already knows, Abram, as well as Mum. They are quite fond of Bleu and were very pleased to know she would be their daughter-in-law."

He's quiet for a moment before speaking again. "We'll discuss all of that when I return to Edinburgh-with my new wife. Goodbye."

He ends the call and tosses his phone on the seat next to us. "That went as well as I expected."

"I assume the psychopath is unhappy?" I can't not laugh.

"Aye. He's demanding a lot of explanations but he forgets his place. He has no right to challenge anything I say or do."

"And yet he does."

"My father has put up with his tyrannical behavior for years. He chooses to pacify his brother but I will not tolerate him." He sighs. "And that, my sweet bonny one, is going to cause problems. Big ones. Especially since I've finished my traineeship."

"Let me guess. He's feeling threatened?"

"Aye." He runs his hands up my back. "Maybe it's time I consider taking my rightful place and knocking Abram out of his leadership role."

No. It's too soon. I want to have Sin to myself-if only for a while longer-before I have to share him. "I really need to not talk about this or The Fellowship right now. Can we make tonight about us?"

"Tonight is about nothing but us." He wraps his arms around me and pulls me close. He tugs on my bottom lip with his mouth. "And if I'm not mistaken, we have a marriage to consummate."

"Yes. I believe you're right."

He taps me on my bottom so I move off his lap to my seat. I straighten my dress while he lowers the window. "Sterling. Please take my wife and I to The Peabody Hotel."

* * *

Memphis isn't Edinburgh. It's not spilling over with luxury hotels but The Peabody is a perfect place to spend our wedding night. It's classic southern elegance at its best.

Sin opens the door and follows me into the living room of the presidential suite. "Oh wow. This is beautiful."

"You've never been inside?"

"No. I've lived in Memphis my whole life but I've never been any farther than the lobby and convention hall."

"They offer a Romeo and Juliet suite but this one is better." He takes his jacket off and tosses it across the arm of the sofa. "It came highly recommended by your sister as well as the Brazilian steakhouse on the corner."

"Ellison loves that place."

"You don't?"

"I like the food but I got sick both times I ate there. In their defense, it was probably my meds causing me to feel nauseated, rather than the food."

He looks a little miffed. "You've not seen a doctor about that yet?"

"I did but she said the benefits of the medication outweigh the side effects. She increased my dosage." And it's made my nausea much worse.

"What are the benefits?"

"It helps my body use insulin, which reduces my risk of developing diabetes."

He's frowning. "I don't like this. You're going to be evaluated by another doctor as soon as we're back in Edinburgh."

I suppose a second opinion won't hurt.

He takes my hand. "Come. I want to have a look at where we're going to consummate this marriage."

He leads me up the staircase. We stand just inside the bedroom doorway. "Not bad."

Not bad, hell. It's gorgeous. Wall-to-wall luxury in tones of aqua and chocolate. The lavish bed linens are calling out to me. "Come. Lie in splendor. Your husband can join us too."

"They left something for us." I walk over and peek inside the basket and ice bucket. "Mmm ... champagne and chocolate-covered strawberries."

"Do you want to have them now or wait until later?"

"I don't know. I suppose it depends on what you have planned for us."

"Hmm ... it's technically our wedding afternoon and not yet our wedding night."

I hope he's not suggesting we postpone this until later. "Is there a rule that says a husband has to wait until sundown to have his wife for the first time?"

"No, but I don't want to ruin any ideas or dreams you might have about the things you expect."

I go to him and slide my hands over his shoulders. "The only expectations I have are us in that bed together with you inside of me as soon as possible. That's it. All the other stuff is variable."

He glides his nose down the side of my neck. "Do you want to slip into the wedding-night attire you wouldn't let me choose?"

"I'll need my bag. Would you mind bringing it up?"

"It would be my pleasure, Mrs. Breckenridge."

He's back so quickly I almost wonder if he sprinted. "That was fast."

"An anxious husband wastes no time stopping to admire the wall color."

I take my bag from him. "I won't be long."

"See that you aren't."

I went with an ivory lace baby-doll top and matching G-string for tonight. I adore the lace pattern and satin ribbon sash below the bust. It's very bridal yet has the innocent undertone my husband loves so much.

I'm certain I've made the right lingerie choice when Sin sees me for the first time. "Bonny Bleu. I swear I've never seen anything more beautiful."

I strike a sexy pose with a hand on my hip. "Then my husband approves?"

"Aye. One hundred percent."

His chocolate eyes never leave mine as I narrow the distance between us. What I see there tells me it doesn't matter how many times we've had sex in the past. Tonight is going to be different; it's about a husband taking his wife for the first time.

He pushes my hair away from my shoulder and slides the strap of my top down my arm. He presses a kiss against my bare skin. "I can't believe you're mine forever."

I loosen the knot of his tie. "Yours forever. I like the sound of that."

I slip his tie over his head and begin on his shirt. He works on his cufflinks as I unfasten the front. When it's open, I place my hands on his pecs and push the shirt away.

I love his body-fit without being overly muscular. I'm not the least bit attracted to meatheads.

He pulls me close and possesses my mouth while forcing us to turn in a half circle. We trade places so the backs of my legs are pressed against the bed. He's choosing to be on top. Fine by me.

I sit on the edge of the bed. I hold him hostage between my parted thighs as I unfasten his trousers. I lower the zipper and push his pants and boxer briefs away so he's freed.

I drag my nails over his hipbones, down his upper thighs. I kiss his chest before scooting backward. I spread my legs wide so he can sit between them to remove his prosthesis.

I shift closer and wrap my hands around his waist from behind as he removes his shoes, pants, and lower extremity. I run my palms over his abs while kissing the upper muscles of his back. My hand drifts lower and I can't resist grasping his hard cock.

"Whoa. Someone is anxious."

"Hmm ... judging by how hard you are, I'd say it's you."

"Judging by the grasp you have on me, I'd say it's you."

"I won't argue with that."

He turns and crawls over me. He owns my mouth again but this time, it's much softer and slower. "Be prepared. I'm going to take you all night long-over and over until we're so physically drained, it's impossible to do it again."

"I dare you."

He pushes my top up and kisses down my stomach. He slips his finger into the elastic waistband of my G-string and pulls it downward. "As much as I like this on you, I love what's underneath more."

I lift my hips and he drags my panties down my legs. He gets to my feet and pulls the G-string over my heels one at a time. "I love that you've left your wedding shoes on. It's very sexy."

My heels were the most bridal thing about my wedding attire today. I thought it was a nice touch to go all out on them since my dress was so simple. They're covered in rhinestones and pearls-certainly the sexiest heels I've ever worn.

Sin pushes my top up and over my head, tossing it aside. His mouth goes straight for one of my breasts. He sucks my nipple, causing it to become hard. He circles it with his tongue before sucking it into his mouth again.

His palm finds my other breast. He uses his thumb to rub the pink area around my nipple, mimicking what his tongue is doing to the other one. It, too, hardens.

His mouth moves up my chest to my neck and then hovers over my ear. The warmth of his breath sends chills down my body.

He positions himself at my entrance and I wrap my legs around his waist. He slowly pushes himself inside me and groans. "Ohh, you feel so good. Every time."

He's moving inside me slowly. Sweetly. Deliberately.

He pushes my arms over my head. His hands find mine and he laces our fingers together. He squeezes them tightly. "Into me ... you see."

Those words replace "I love you" and have somehow come to mean so much more. "Into me ... you see."

I squeeze my legs tighter as he pumps in and out. He releases one of my hands and moves it between my legs. I loosen my grip around his waist so he's able to reach me better.

He presses his fingers above our union and uses the tips to stroke my clit. "Does that feel good?"

I adjust my hips so his erection strokes my G-spot on the inside and his fingers rub my clit in the perfect position. "Yesss."

"Good. I want you to come with me."

"Keep this up and I will. Soon."

I know he's close to orgasm because his grip on my hand is tightening. His breath is faster and heavier on my neck.

The tension inside my lower body builds. A series of rhythmic contractions begin, clutching Sin's cock inside me. "Ohh, I feel you coming, Bonny. It feels like you're grasping me inside you."

My climax is the onset for his.

He moves his hand to the top of my head to hold me in place. He thrusts deeply inside me as I come hard around him. He goes lax after he has emptied himself inside me. Nothing in the world makes me feel closer to him.

This is the first of many times he'll take me tonight. And yes, it feels different having him as my husband. The physical act itself is the same but our connection has changed. It's much deeper.

The best ever. Now I know what that truly means.

Chapter Eight

Sinclair Breckenridge

Bleu and I had the gift of an uninterrupted wedding night. That all changed the following morning when she got the call about Harry's decline. Ellison was right. Harold MacAllister's end is nearing.

I've never been with a person during his or her last days-at least not someone dying from an illness. I've been with plenty of brothers who've passed from the aftermath of violence. But what's happening with Harry is different. He's dying a slow death. I can't help but think it must be better to be taken out quickly.

Is he afraid? I was both times I almost died. I'm not ashamed to admit that. But the second time was more frightening because of Bonny. I was terrified of what might happen to my lass if I left her.

Harry has been my father-in-law for a week. Bleu and I have spent every day-and some nights-with him at the hospice center. I've made our time together count. I've come to know him well in those seven days-probably better than I know a lot of my own brothers within The Fellowship.

I like Harry a lot. And I suspect he likes me as well.

Harry entertains me with stories of his undercover days. Bleu rolls her eyes each time he tells a tale. I'm sure she's heard them more times than she'd like.

"I feel like having some chocolate cake, girlie girl. Would you care to go down to the cafeteria and get a piece for me?"

Bleu's eyes light up. She's been so upset since Harry began refusing food. "Absolutely."

Harry's appetite has become nonexistent. His taste buds are completely shot-an unfortunate side effect of the cancer. He no longer eats enough to nourish a bird. "Want me to go down with you?"

"Stay, Sinclair. You can keep me company while Bleu is gone."

I'm expecting Harry to begin his next great tale the minute Bleu is out the door. But he doesn't. "I sent Bleu away because I need to speak to you privately."

"Okay." I'm curious about what's on Harry's mind since we've already had the talk about how I'm going to take care of his daughters after he's gone.

"I don't have much longer. I can feel it coming."

I can pretend I don't have a clue what he's talking about. I can encourage him but I have more respect than that for my father-in-law. "We know."

"I hide the misery because I don't want my girls to know the extent. But I'm in agony, Sinclair. The medication doesn't touch the pain anymore and my doctor won't increase it. He says a higher dosage will kill me. Ironic, right?"

He's doing a good job hiding the truth. But I guess he should. That's what he made a career of. "I'm sorry. I had no idea."

"I'm in congestive heart failure. It's a complication of the cancer. My lungs are filling with fluid faster than they can pull it off. I'm slowly drowning on my own fluids. You can't possibly imagine what it's like to be lying here slowly suffocating. And that's what's gonna get me. It won't even be the fucking cancer."

There has to be something that can be done. "I can have the best doctors brought here immediately."

"No. That's not what I want-or what I'm going to ask of you. I don't want to prolong this."

"What do you need?"

He sighs. "I know you, Sinclair. I've watched you for years and I know the things you've done. And still do. You aren't afraid to end a life."

No. He can't possibly be asking me what I think is coming next.

"I wouldn't ask if I weren't desperate for your help. Please. Put me out of my misery. Help me die with dignity."

What he's asking for is a mercy kill-assisted suicide. Not something I do. "I eliminate those who deserve to die. They're terrible people who do dreadful things."

"We all deserve to die. It's just a matter of when and how. I choose now and in a dignified manner. Not lying in this bed pissing in a bag and shitting in diapers someone else has to change for me because I'm too weak to wipe my own ass."

"I've never killed an innocent person."

"Then don't think of it as ending my life. Consider it the finale of my misery."

Bonny will never approve. "Bleu won't want this for you."

"Hence the reason I'm asking you and not her."

"She'll never forgive me if I do this."

"Or me, and that's why it would be a secret only we would share. I don't want my girls to know I chose to go out that way."

I can't keep a secret like this from my wife. "I'm sorry, Harry. I can't do it."

"I realize this is huge. You need time to think about it so don't give me an answer now."

He has my final answer. "No. I'm telling you now I can't do it. There won't be any thinking about it."

Bleu comes into the room carrying a container of chocolate cake in each hand. "One for now and one for later, just in case."

"Oh, girlie girl," he sighs. "I'm afraid my craving has passed. I'm sorry I sent you for it."

Sadness spreads over Bleu's face. "It's okay, Dad. We'll be prepared when your craving comes back."

I can't look at Harry right now. "I'm going to step out and make some calls home."

"Tell Thane and Isobel I said hello."

"I will."

* * *

I'm consumed by my father-in-law's request. It's all I've thought about all day.

Harry isn't simply dying. He's a victim of a slow, agonizing death. The end is in sight, almost within his reach, yet so far away.

I hate what Harry's experiencing but how can I possibly kill my father-in-law? I can't. It isn't right. Even I know that.

Bleu opens the bathroom door and the scent of her shower gel invades the bedroom. She stands in the doorway giving me a view of how she looks in one of her new satin gowns. "Like?"

"Love. You look beautiful."

She comes to bed and crawls over me. Her mouth roams my neck. And chest. And stomach. It's making its way below my waistband. "Mmm ... I love my hot, Scottish husband."

She stops when I don't lift up for her to pull down my sleep pants. "What's wrong?"

How do I say this without alerting her to how poor her father's prognosis is? "Nothing is wrong. It was a long day with Harry and I'm having a difficult time getting him off my mind. It sort of makes it impossible to get it up when your father is in my head."

She rolls off me.

"I'm sorry. I didn't mean to ruin the mood."

"It's okay. His condition is a lot to take. Trust me. I get it."

"How much longer do you think he has?"

"It's getting close," she says quietly.

"How do you know?"

"I went through this with Julia, my adoptive mom. I recognize the signs but he's hiding them from us."

Does she know? "What do you mean?"

"He's in pain. I can tell. But he isn't admitting it because he thinks he's protecting us." She's crying. "I don't want him to suffer. I'd do anything to take it away for him but there's nothing I can do."

She's sobbing. I usually tell her to stop because I can't stand it but it seems a selfish thing to say right now. This isn't about me. If she needs a good cry, then she just does.

I pull her into my arms. "Cry all you want. Kick if you need to. Scream as much and as loud as you like. Do whatever you need to do. No one is here but us."

"It feels like there's an elephant sitting on my chest. I can't breathe. I can't catch my breath." She's sobbing harder. She scoots away and I feel her leave the bed.

I get up and turn on the bedroom light. She's standing in the corner of the room with that same wild look in her eye-like a scared animal ready to flee. "You're breathing fine. You just need to slow it down so you don't hyperventilate."

She's frantically fanning her face with her hands. "I'm burning up. I can't breathe when I'm hot."

I grab the closest thing I can find and use it to fan her.

"My hands are tingling. I think I'm gonna pass out."

"You're hyperventilating. Slow your breathing. Do it with me." I'm afraid touching her might worsen it, so I stand before her and breathe in and out slowly, making the motions with my hands. "Do it with me, Bonny."

She's wide-eyed and trembling. She places two fingers against her carotid. "My heart's beating too fast."

Shit. What is happening? "Do I need to call for help?"

"No. It'll pass but I need time."

It feels like an eternity before she begins to come down from whatever the hell just happened. "It's going away."

She moves toward the bed. I sit next to her. "What was that?"

"Panic attack."

"How do you know for sure?"

"I've been having them since I was seven. They started after my mom's murder."

"How often?"

"Sometimes I go months without one. But they come more frequently when my anxiety level increases."

Harry's illness has her completely stressed but I've not seen her do this. "How often are they happening now?"

"That's the fourth one today."

"You're experiencing attacks that bad every day, up to four times?"

"Sometimes five or six."

"How did I not know this?"

"I hide them."

How? "There's no concealing that."

"When I feel it coming, I go into the bathroom and stay until it's over."

I've noticed several times she's slipped away unexpectedly but I didn't think anything of it. "How does one feel?"

"Like I'm dying. I can't breathe. It's like being smothered with a pillow all over again. It's agonizing and there isn't a thing I can do to stop it."

Bonny is stressed to the point it's affecting her well-being. She doesn't want her father to suffer. His condition is hurting both him and her.

This changes everything.

* * *

We're at the hospital by nine, as we have been every morning since we married. It's certainly not the typical way newlyweds spend their honeymoon. But Bonny wouldn't have it any other way. She won't leave her father. And I wouldn't ask her to.

"Ellison and I are going to Starbucks. 'Tis the season of everything pumpkin. My favorite. Want anything?"

"Aye, you know what I want."

"Dad? Care for a coffee or pastry?"

"I'll ... pass, girlie."

I'm glad the two of them are gone. It works out perfectly because I wasn't sure how I was going to swing being alone with Harry.

"Bleu and I discussed you last night. She told me some things that put all of this into a different perspective."

Harry perks up.

"You aren't fooling her. She knows you're in terrible pain and it's hurting her. She'd do anything to take it away. It's killing her to see you suffer."

"Don't want ... that for her." Neither do I.

"In the middle of discussing your condition, she became so upset that it triggered one of her episodes."

"Panic ... attack?" Harry's even more short of breath today. He can hardly put two words together. I can't see this stretching out much longer by natural means.

"Aye. A bad one. I've never seen her like that." The attack she had in Edinburgh wasn't like this. This was something entirely different.

"She scared the shit out of me. I thought she was dying."

"Been like ... that since ... little girl."

"It lasted an eternity. When it was over, she admitted she's been having up to six a day and hiding them from us."

Harry closes his eyes and barely shakes his head. "Good ... Lord."

"She described how she felt afterward. It made me think about you and what it must be like for you all day long. I was lying in bed last night holding my breath. I wanted some idea about what it must feel like but it's not the same. So my question is-are you still asking me to assist you in your voluntary euthanasia?"

"Yes."

Once I consent, there's no going back. I'll be agreeing to mercy kill my wife's father. "All right. I'll do it. But she can never know."

He smiles and a most unusual expression comes over his face. I think it's relief. "Thank ... you."

"When do you want me to do it?"

"Need to ... say goodbye ... to my ... girls first."

"Of course. Do you want them to be with you when you go?"

"Yes."

"Good. I wouldn't want Bleu or Ellison to harbor feelings of guilt for not being present when it happens. Do you want to know when?"

"No ... I'll live ... every moment ... like it's ... the last."

"I'll make it painless. You'll go to sleep and never know."

"You're a ... good man, Sinclair. You just ... haven't ... figured it ... out yet."

"Bleu is the only good thing about me." She's the only reason the light inside me bothers to battle the dark.

"My girl ... has a way ... of bringing out ... the best ... in everyone."

It's true. My sweet lass has brought out a whole new side of me, one I didn't know existed. "I don't know how she can love someone like me. But by some miracle, she does."

"You don't ... know this ... but you've helped ... to heal ... her heart." He pauses but I can tell he has more to say. "I knew it ... the night you ... came to ... ask for ... her hand."

I was positive I'd never love anyone. I didn't believe I was capable but that was before Bleu changed everything.

* * *

It's a new day-and it'll be Harry's last. I'm not looking forward to assisting him in leaving this life. It may very well be the hardest thing I've ever done.

I'm predicting the onset of an attack for Bleu when he goes-probably a series of them. I dread that as much as being the one to end Harry's life.

This is clearly his worst day yet. His breathing is much more labored, his color an ashy gray despite the additional oxygen. I seriously doubt he'd last much longer without intervention anyway. So why would I help him leave this world when he's well on his way out on his own? He wants to die peacefully with dignity, not lying in a bed unable to move while he slowly drowns. I can give him that.

I have everything I need in my pocket-three large syringes. Each is filled with a hefty dose of medication intended to deliver a peaceful death. All I have to do is wait for the right time to inject them into his IV.

I luck out when Ellison and Bleu decide they're hungry and want to go to the cafeteria. I opt to stay behind.

Harry was an agent for thirty years. He's not stupid. He didn't want any warning of when it was coming but he knows what I'm about to do. I see it in his eyes.

"Thank you."

"Go in peace, Harry." I push the first of the three medications through his IV.

"I have ... a letter ... for you. Top drawer ... of the ... bedside ... table. Took me ... awhile ... to write it. Read it ... privately."

"As you wish." I slip the envelope into my interior jacket pocket. I connect the second syringe to Harry's line and take my phone from my pocket. I push the medication as I make the call that is going to devastate my wife. "Bonny. I think you and Ellison should come back. Quickly."

I connect the third to Harry's IV. "They'll be here soon."

I've timed the walk from the cafeteria to Harry's room a dozen times. I have around two minutes with a brisk walk so I count to sixty and then push the last syringe slowly over the last thirty seconds.

Bleu and Ellison burst into the room half a minute later. Each rush to Harry's side. "What's happening?"

"I think this might be it."

"I'm calling Marge," Ellison says as she moves toward the door.

Harry stops her. "No, princess. Family only."

I suddenly feel like an outsider, not fit to stay. "I'll step outside."

"Stay, Sinclair." Harry struggles to catch his breath. "You are my family too."

His fingers move toward Ellison, not more than an inch. "Come."

She moves to his bedside and takes his hand. "What is it, Dad?"

He moves his other hand in Bonny's direction. "You ... come ... too."

She does as he says, taking his hand in hers.

"I've loved each of you differently, but always equally. Both of you have been my pride and joy but for different reasons. You've been the best daughters a father could hope to have."

Bleu and Ellison are sobbing, each proclaiming their love for their father. It brings me to tears.

Bleu presses her father's hand to her face and kisses it.

"Girlie girl. You've ... done good ... with Sinclair. He's going ... to be ... a fine husband."

Bleu's attention temporarily turns from her father to me. "I know. That's why I can't be sorry for the way things have gone."

"Sinclair is ... going to ... watch over you." Pause. "Be your protector ... and Ellison's ... until she has ... a husband ... of her own."

"Both Sin and I will protect her." Ellison looks from her father to Bleu with her brow wrinkled, her eyes narrowed. It's the same confused expression I've seen Bleu wear.

"Elli ... never settle ... for less ... than you deserve."

"I never have, Dad. I certainly won't when it comes to a man." She brings his hand to her face. "He'll have very large shoes to fill."

Harry struggles for his next few breaths. His voice is so soft and low it's barely audible. "I'm very tired. I'm going to rest my eyes now."

His lids close and the depth of the rise and fall of his chest shallows with each breath.

I've watched many men die but never like this-peacefully, without fear.

"Jules." It's the last word he utters before his breathing ceases. His face is relaxed, no longer grimacing from pain. Harry is finally at peace.

* * *

Bleu and Ellison are busy making Harry's final arrangements. They're choosing flowers, something they don't need me for, so I decide to steal away for a private moment to read my father-in-law's final words. "Bonny, I'm going to step out for a minute. Can I get you anything? Maybe a coffee or a snack?" She's eaten so little the last few days. I can't imagine that being good for her body considering the blood sugar medication she takes.

She shakes her head. "I'm good."

I decide to visit the chapel since it's quiet. A good place to expect no interruptions. That's where I take a seat and open Harry's letter.

Sinclair,

In case you've not yet figured it out, Bleu isn't your typical woman. The events of her childhood caused great, lasting damage. Avenging her mother's death is only one piece of her; she became obsessed with making sure no one ever hurt her again, physically or emotionally. In the process, she closed herself off, unable to connect with others. Until you.

If you'd asked me a year ago-a month ago-I wouldn't have chosen you for my daughter. But today is different. With the depth of your love, you've healed her heart. It's a father's hope and dream for his daughter to find such a man.

You've come to know how easy Bleu is to love. Always remember that, even when she gives you reason to forget. Because she will. Please be patient with her when she does.

I've heard it said that those who cannot forget the past are condemned to relive it. Sinclair, I fear the only way for Bleu to forget is to finish this once and for all. Do it for her. Help my girl forget the hurts of her past.

Harry

I fold the letter and return it to the interior pocket of my jacket.

No worries, Harry. I'll do whatever it takes to heal this hurt for our girl.

Chapter Nine

Bleu Breckenridge

Edinburgh, Scotland

My life has been a whirlwind the last few weeks. Amazing love. Crushing grief. I basked in the light of one while curling into a ball in the shadows of the other. In my blackest hours, Sin executed his role as my supportive husband perfectly. I needed him and he was there, my beacon in the dark. I couldn't have asked for a more perfect source of light and strength.

Today marks a fresh beginning in our lives. Sin and I have come home to Edinburgh. I'm sad about leaving my sister behind but excited to begin my life with Sin. The events of the recent weeks consumed us to the point that we were unable to explore our new roles to one another. Now, I finally get to be a wife to my husband.

As Sin's wife, my position within The Fellowship has changed. Everyone within the brotherhood has expectations for me. And I have no idea what those are. Stepping into this unfamiliar part is frightening.

I fear we won't have time to breathe before our lives are thrown into yet another tailspin-beginning with our home. Sin claims his flat is no longer a suitable place to live since we're married. He says we should live in a house and would like to begin looking for one immediately. He's already phoned realtors and has them searching for estates with a minimum of four bedrooms.

Sin's already mentioned making the appointment with a fertility specialist. We agreed we'd see one as soon as possible but it feels like another thing we're jumping into. I understand it's just a consult-not the actual procedure itself-but I'm a little worried it's something he'll want to pursue soon because it's what The Fellowship will want, rather than what we want.

He's so hopeful when he talks about it. I guess I might be too if I hadn't already been counseled-by more than one doctor-concerning my poor prognosis. Granted they weren't the best doctors money could buy like the ones Sin plans on seeing.

I wait for Sin to unlock the door of his flat-I mean, our flat-and shiver against the cold. He uses his foot to push open the door and scoops me from the ground. "Welcome home, Mrs. Breckenridge."

He carries me over the threshold and kisses me hard before returning my feet to the floor.

Mrs. Breckenridge. I've only heard him say it a few times. "I like hearing you call me that."

"Then I shall do it more often if it pleases you, Mrs. Breckenridge." He kisses the top of my head.

I put my arms around his midsection and squeeze tightly. "It does indeed, Mr. Breckenridge."

"Welcome home."

Entering his building still reminds me of traveling through a time warp. An old exterior. A modern interior.

I glance around the flat. Nothing has changed from four months ago. Off-white walls. Warm-toned wood flooring. Streamlined. Neat. Classy in a boring sort of way. Lacks color, with the exception of the television when it's on. It's a man's defined space. The enormous flat screen says it all.

"Is it as you remember?"

I stand over the cocktail table. I lift copies of Women's Health and Advanced Photographer, looking at their dates. July editions. Four months old. "Exceedingly so."

"I didn't know if you were finished looking at them."

"So you kept them?"

"I knew you'd be back."

The lack of human presence in the flat for the last six weeks means it's chilly. "I should've sent someone to turn on the heat."

"The cold is a good reason to snuggle until the furnace can heat the place up."

"Right."

Sterling appears at the door with our luggage. "Where would you like your bags?"

"There will be fine." Sterling pushes our bags up next to the sofa out of the way. "Thank you. That will be all for now."

"Of course, sir."

Sin turns on the heat. "It shouldn't take long to warm up. Are you tired?"

I'm beyond tired. Two flights and one layover. A sixteen-hour journey from beginning to end. "I feel like I could sleep for a week and the jet lag hasn't even had time to kick in yet."

"Let's go to bed for a little while."

I'm not sure that's a good idea. "It's nine in the morning. Our days and nights will for sure be messed up."

"They're already messed up, Bonny. It's three in the morning to us." He pulls on my wrists. "Come on. It won't hurt if we rest a little."

I'm not sure he has resting on his mind. "I will, but only to sleep and get warm."

"We haven't been here together in months. All I want is to lie next to you and sleep in our bed, in our home."

Sounds like heaven.

* * *

I wake because I'm freezing. I've never shared a bed with Sin in weather like this but I'm learning that he's a cover hog.

I'm a girl from the South. I'm not used to this degree of cold. It's going to become bone chilling when December arrives in a few weeks so I need to make note of my husband's linen-stealing tendencies.

He looks warm and toasty beneath our platinum bedding so I slide over to spoon him from behind. I place my ice-cold hand over his stomach and give the comforter a yank, but to no avail as it's tucked snuggly around him.

"Cold?" he groans.

I wrap my leg around his body. "Mmm ... hmm. Very."

He rolls to face me and brings the bedding with him, spreading it over me. "I can't have my sweet Bonny catching a chill."

He's holding me close, his chin resting on the top of my head. "Better?"

"Much. The climate change is a bit of a shock."

"You were here during the long summer days. Winter is much different. Not only is it cold, but the days are very short. Don't worry. You'll adjust fine. After all, you are a chameleon." He's laughing at me again.

Chameleon. It's true. I was taught from an early age to adapt to my surroundings but my husband doesn't know the true extent.

I studied Sin for years. I stalked him with the purpose of using him for all I could get and then I'd toss him aside. I'm not sure he's sorted out the depth of my plans, but it's something I feel obligated to admit. "I watched and studied you for years."

He's rubbing his hands up and down my arms. "I know."

He only thinks he knows. "No. I don't believe you really do."

He pulls away and looks at me. "What does that mean?"

Here goes. "I had to learn everything about the infamous Sinclair Breckenridge if I was going to infiltrate the brotherhood through you-your habits, your likes, your dislikes. I needed to understand your role within The Fellowship and how you functioned outside of it. I knew as soon as we met that I was up to my ass in alligators with the way you made me feel. I tried to tell myself you were a monster. I wanted to hate you so badly. I tried my damnedest but I couldn't. That's when I realized that pursuing you came easy because I wanted you desperately."

The wrinkle between his brows forms a tight V. "You knew my habits with women before we met? And you used that knowledge to your benefit?"

I nibble my bottom lip and squint. "Yes."

"What exactly was your objective?"

"To make you fall in love with me." It sounds so much worse when I say it aloud.

"Because getting close to me meant getting close to my father?"

"That was the plan." I can't read his expression. "I'm sorry."

"So the whole 'want me, wait for me, can't have me until you are dying to please me' thing was all an act?"

"At first. But then everything changed because I fell in love with you." He was supposed to be collateral damage. Until he became so much more.

"There were so many times I thought of telling you to leave without ever looking back. I knew I was no good for you."

I'm so happy he didn't. I would've been wrecked. "But you didn't."

"Because I'm a selfish bastard. I couldn't let you go."

Sin's wrong. He was completely selfless. "A selfish bastard wouldn't have taken a crazy-ass, near-death beating for me."

I'm still amazed by his decision to offer himself in my place so he could keep me.

Isobel was right. I'm finally able to see his sacrifice as the beautiful show of love it was. I love him all the more for it. "Thank you, for what you did."

"I'd do it again without a moment's hesitation. That's how much I love you."

I believe him. "I love you with my heart, body, and soul."

My favorite dimple makes its appearance. "I'm happy you love me with your heart and soul but I very much enjoy you loving me with your body."

There hasn't been much opportunity for any kind of loving since our wedding night. Things have been far too hectic, but I plan to remedy that now that we're home.

"Me too. We have a lot of newlywed sexy time to catch up on."

"Then we'd better get on it. Rodrick covered for me while I was gone but I'm the new full-time defender for The Fellowship now that I'm back. And believe me-the brothers will keep me busy with their fuck-ups."

I suppose that means we won't be taking a honeymoon. "I was hoping we'd have a few days to go away before you had to return to work."

"Sorry, Bonny. There isn't time. I resumed my place as defender as soon as my feet touched Edinburgh soil."

He sucks air in through his teeth as his hand finds its way down between my legs. "So you see, Mrs. Breckenridge, there's a chance I could be called away at any moment. It might be a good idea to christen our bed before the next summons pulls me away."

I took my jeans off before getting into bed so only a thin layer of cotton shields me from his fingers. "Sounds like a very good call to me."

He pushes me onto my back, covering me with his body, his weight pressing me into the mattress. He settles between my legs and his hand creeps down the front of my panties. His palm cups me as he glides a finger down my center. His mouth hovers over my ear and I can feel the warmth of his breath against my skin. "You have no idea how much I've missed being inside you."

Inside me. Those two words are enough to make my insides seethe from the fire igniting deep in my groin.

I curl my arms under his and wrap my hands around his bare shoulders. "I bet I have some idea."

He uses one finger to lightly stroke from top to bottom, over and over. His touch is featherlight. And maddening. "You're killing me."

"How so?"

He knows exactly what he's doing. "You're being an enormous tease."

He flicks my clit in a downward motion using the tip of his finger. "It's called foreplay, Bonny."

"It should be called torture."

"Tell me what you want me to do next."

Oh, that's the game we're playing. He wants me to beg. Well, I'm not above it. "Make me come."

He tsks against my ear. "You have to be more specific than that."

His warm breath feels so good against my skin. "With your mouth."

"That's better, but still not quite what I'm looking for. Put those two phrases together and tell me again."

He's enjoying this a little too much. "Make me come with your mouth."

"That, I can do." He pushes the front of my shirt up. "But first I want this off."

I arch upward and he pulls my shirt over my head. "That's better."

His lips begin at the base of my throat before moving down my body. He stops in the center of my chest and takes a detour over to my left breast. The tip of his tongue grazes the edge of my nipple, causing it to immediately harden. "You're in complete control. I'll do anything you want. You only have to ask."

Knowing what I want, and admitting it out loud are two different things. I'm not sure I'm brave enough to say what I really want.

"Roll your tongue around the tip and then suck it into your mouth." He carries out my request.

"One or both?"

"Both."

He moves to my other breast and I grab his hand, bringing it to my free one. With my hand on top of his, I show him what I want.

When he's finished, his mouth returns to the center of my chest and migrates downward. "Want more of this?"

"Yes." I hear the breathlessness in my own voice.

"Then you need to tell me."

"I want more. Please."

He nibbles the skin on my stomach just above my panties. I know he wants to go down. And I want him to. But dammit, he isn't budging.

He wants me to ask for it. So I will. "Please, Breck."

"Please what?"

Saying the words is intimidating. "Take my panties off."

"You're getting closer."

"Please take my panties off and make me come with your mouth."

"Gladly."

But he doesn't. Instead, he buries his nose in the crotch of my underwear and sniffs. "Mmm ... I could almost get off just by your smell alone."

So close ... yet so far away. It's making me crazy.

He dips his fingers into the waist of my panties and I think he's going to pull them down. But he surprises me again when I feel his wet tongue saturating the crotch of my panties. The wet fabric makes everything much more sensitive.

He's definitely trying to torture me to death. No doubt. "Ohh ..."

He torments me with his tongue before finally dragging my cotton undies down my legs. It's about damn time.

He pushes my knees apart and grasps my ankles, placing them on his shoulders. I push the pillow away from beneath my head, tilt my chin in the air, and place my hand over my eyes in preparation of what's to come next.

In the exact moment I think the anticipation may very well kill me, he drags his tongue against me in an upward motion. Just once. "You taste so good. I could do this all day."

"Then do."

He grasps my hips and pulls me down in the bed. The position sprawls my legs further apart until he has me completely spread-eagle.

He inserts two fingers inside me and pumps them while his tongue flutters against my clit. The combination of the two is the best of both worlds. He's giving the right attention to both of my most sensitive spots.

I move my hand to the top of his head and grasp his hair. "That feels amazing."

I'm moving my hips in rhythm with his fingers when I hear something-the doorbell.

I stretch my neck upward so I can see Sin. "Was that the bell?"

He shakes his head, never looking up at me.

I'm pretty sure it was. "I think it is."

He briefly stops to reply. "Don't give a fuck if it is."

My feet are planted on the bed now and my upper body is propped on my elbows as I watch Sin's head bob between my legs. Just the sight alone nearly brings me to climax.

He places the heel of his palm just above my pubic bone and presses downward. I don't know what it does but my clit suddenly feels much more sensitive. "Ohh ... that is wonderful."

I tilt my hips upward. And hear the doorbell ring again.

Sin lifts his head from between my legs and looks at me. "You've got to be fucking kidding me," he groans.

The bell rings a third time just before he throws the covers back and yells, "Motherfucker!"

He moves to the edge of the bed and reaches for his prosthesis. "Who the hell would be showing up at our house like this unannounced? Now? We've only been home a few hours."

Oh shit. He's furious.

Sin is in an important role. He doesn't have the luxury of ignoring doorbells or phone calls. If we're being honest, he's at the beck and call of the brotherhood.

"Don't move out of that bed. I will be right back after I get rid of whoever it is." He kisses me quickly. "And we'll pick up right where I left off."

I grab all the blankets, tucking them beneath my chin. One of the prongs on my wedding ring scrapes my face, a reminder I'm wearing an enormous diamond on my left ring finger.

I hold my hand out to admire the outward symbol of my union with Sin. "You've marked me well, Sinclair Breckenridge. No one will ever mistake me for an unmarried woman as long as I have this on my finger."

I'm snuggling in the warmth of our bed when Sin returns. "It's my parents."

He sounds none too pleased and I know why. It means we won't be finishing what we started. That pleases neither of us.

I'm in no way prepared to receive visitors. "I need to freshen up."

"It's probably not a bad idea if I brush my teeth. And this." He wiggles his tongue at me.

I could have gone all year without him doing that. "Oh my God. You can be so crude sometimes."

"What? Would you prefer I not brush and go back out there to speak with my mum and dad while your feminine essence lingers on my breath?"

Well, that's just mortifying, even coming from him. "No. I'd rather you say nothing about my essence on your breath and brush your teeth because it's good hygiene."

"And miss an opportunity to see you blush?"

I can feel the heat in my cheeks. "Shut up and let me get dressed."

I remember all I have in the bedroom are the clothes I wore yesterday-not so fresh after a sixteen-hour journey. "Can you go into the living room and get my bag so I can change into something clean?"

He goes to the drawers I used when I lived here months ago. He opens the top one and takes out my favorite yoga pants and T-shirt. "Your things are just as you left them."

I hold the clothes to my naked chest and feel a deep ache in my heart. "I can't believe you kept my stuff."

I crawl to the end of the bed. He comes to put his arms around me. "I knew you'd be back soon."

He sounds cocky and arrogant but his confidence is one of the things I love so much about him. "You did, huh?"

"Mmm-hmm." He's pressing his groin against me. "You know, it would only take a minute to finish what we were doing."

No way. We've been deprived too long to rush this. "I don't want it to take just a minute. I'm not a quickie kind of girl."

"Aye, Bonny. I know exactly what kind of lass you are and how you like it."

"Delayed gratification, Breck. You need to learn to love it if you're going to stick with me."

"I am. Forever." He growls as he slaps my bare ass, causing me to yelp loudly. "Come. My parents await. They're anxious to see their new daughter-in-law."

I make myself presentable and go into the living room. Isobel stops midconversation when I enter. She gets up from the sofa and comes to me. My mother-in-law holds my face in her hands. She kisses each of my cheeks before embracing me. "My sweet daughter."

Daughter. Not daughter-in-law.

She releases her hold and Thane is waiting to embrace me next. He holds me tightly and whispers in my ear. "I knew you were Amanda's. Rational thoughts tried to tell me it wasn't possible but I always knew in my heart." He releases me and holds my face in his hands the same way Isobel did. "You're so much like her. It's absolutely amazing."

I'm not really sure how to respond. "Thank you" doesn't seem the appropriate thing to say. I smile instead.

"Sit with us. We have much to discuss."

I take the seat beside my husband on the sofa, facing my in-laws.

Thane begins. "First of all, we want you to know how sorry we are to hear of your father's death."

"Thank you. The flowers you sent were beautiful."

Thane continues. "You may believe your only remaining relative is your sister but that isn't true. Our son chose you as his wife. That means we are your family now."

"You'll never know how much I treasure you embracing me as one of your own." I might as well get my deception out in the open so we can move on. "Mostly because I didn't come to you under the most honest terms."

"Ye didn't come with malice in mind." Isobel has no idea but she couldn't be more wrong. My intentions were very malicious.

"Everything you did was because you wanted answers about your mother's murder. I can't begrudge your deception," Thane says.

Sin told Thane and Isobel I'm a former agent. He was left with no choice after Abram uncovered my history. My in-laws also know I'm Amanda's daughter. It was the only way Sin could explain my infiltration into The Fellowship without revealing my intention to kill Thane.

It's a huge bump in the road but my goal hasn't changed. It's transitioned into a new stage. I know less than I ever have. I'm back to square one on finding my mother's killer.

"I have to figure out who it was."

"Perhaps we can put our known facts together and come up with a list of suspects."

This is a strange situation to be in. Thane's asking me to discuss my mom-his mistress-in front of his wife. It's uncomfortable. And I don't wish to be disrespectful to my mother-in-law.

I understand Thane and Isobel's relationship but I need to have her approval. "Are you okay with us discussing my mother?"

"Of course. But I'll step out if my presence makes ye uneasy."

I guess there's no reason to be ill at ease if she isn't. "No. Stay."

I retell the horrid events of the day my mother was killed and I can see the pain in Thane's heart; it's reflected in the expression on his face. "You have a grave with a headstone next to your mother. I've seen it."

"Dad's doings. He was afraid my mom's killer might come back for me if he believed I could identify him. He decided it would be safer if everyone believed I was dead."

"You spent all these years believing I was her killer. I swear it wasn't me."

I wholeheartedly trust that he's telling me the truth. "I believe you."

"I understand you didn't see the killer's face but do you remember anything that might be identifying?"

I know very little. "He smelled of sweet tobacco and liquor. I know now it was Jack Daniels. Neither of those things helps with determining identity but my dog attacked him. There was a lot of blood so I believe he should have a significant scar on his right lower leg." At least that much is solid.

"You were convinced you recognized my voice."

"I had heard your voice many times during your visits to my mother. Her killer's accent was identical to yours. As a child, I always assumed it was you. When I became an adult, I knew I couldn't go on assumptions alone so I researched her connections. You were her only Scottish association."

My findings didn't prove his guilt. It would never stand up in a court of law but I didn't need that; I made myself judge and jury. I didn't convict Thane based on concrete evidence. I did it using my gut. And I was wrong. I can admit my mistake now.

Can't lie. My blunder shakes my confidence.

"Several of my men were in the US when Amanda was murdered but I don't have reason to suspect any of them. None had motive. They would've been too afraid to cross me." Thane may need to rethink the loyalty of his men.

"Perhaps a rival, then?"

"It's possible but I doubt they would've taken something so precious to me without claiming responsibility." He's right. A rival would've loved nothing more than him knowing what they'd done. Whoever did this wants to keep it quiet.

"Would you be willing to make a list of Fellowship members in the US during that time?" That's probably our best place to begin.

"Aye. I'll have a list for you in the morning."

"That would be a great start. Thank you."

Isobel slaps her hands together. "Good. Now that we have that out of the way, I want tae talk about why I'm here."

I don't think anyone is questioning Isobel's reason for coming. "It's not every day The Fellowship's future leader takes a wife so we need tae have a formal commemoration tae announce and celebrate yer marriage. That bastard, Abram, robbed ye of the wedding ye should have had here with yer family but we'll make up for it with one hell of a reception. And he will be there, front and center, smiling about it."

Abram may be there but I highly doubt he'll be smiling.

"Our wedding was beautiful, Mum," Sin says. "And the end result is the same. Bleu is my wife and that's all that matters."

I wouldn't take a posh wedding in a beautiful cathedral over the one I had at my father's bedside. It was perfect.

"I'm sure it was lovely. I'm sorry I missed it. But we'll make up for it with a reception The Fellowship won't forget anytime soon." Isobel removes a large binder from her bag and I know what it means. She has big plans in store.

My initiation ceremony was grand so I can only imagine what she has in mind for a wedding reception. "I have an event planner scheduled tae come later this week but we need tae have some ideas of what we want before he comes."

My husband and father-in-law get up to make their escape. "This is our cue," Sin says.

The jackass I married is grinning at me. He's laughing because he knows choosing tableware, flowers, and cake flavors aren't my thing. But it's something I'll do for my beloved mother-in-law-with a smile on my face-because I want to make her happy.

Isobel closes the folder once Sin and Thane are gone. "I'm ecstatic about the reception but I don't want tae discuss the plans for it right now. I only pretended I did so the men would leave."

Thank God. "That's a relief."

"I thought it would be."

Seems my mother-in-law knows me pretty well.

"I have things I want tae tell you about the brotherhood and what it's like tae be married tae its leader. Their input isn't needed."

"There are times when it isn't." I laugh.

"Ye've only been back a few hours but The Fellowship doesn't offer the courtesy of a transition period into yer place as wife of a leader."

That may be the case, but I have no idea what is expected of me. There's no map or guidebook. "I don't know the part I'm to play. I'm lost."

"Then ye must quickly find yerself because that can be construed as instability. That's no good for ye or Sinclair. There are those who would call you weak and use that against ma son."

I won't be a liability to my husband. "I'm a lot of things but weak has never been one of them."

"Ye were expected tae pick up the reins the moment ye arrived. No one cares that ye weren't raised within the brotherhood. They'll be watching-and some hoping-for ye tae fail."

I won't let Sin down. "Failure isn't an option. So where do we begin?"

"Always with tea, love. We have a lot tae cover."

Chapter Ten

Sinclair Breckenridge

Photographs. Sticky notes. Timelines. Thumbnails with strings connecting one clue to another. It looks like nothing more than graffiti covering the wall of my home office.

The squares of paper stuck to the wall vary in a dozen colors. I'm sure each represents some kind of significance to Bleu's investigation but I find no rhyme or reason to the madness. Organized chaos. That's what it looks like to me.

I stop in the doorway and take a moment to watch my wife. She's listening to a violin cover of "My Immortal" while standing before her new mysterious masterpiece. She's rocking from one foot to the other while chewing a pencil. I almost think I can hear the gears grinding in her head.

"Well, that's new. And interesting."

She spins around, takes the pencil from her mouth, and tucks it behind her ear. "Hey, you. Come over here. You gotta take a look at this."

I go to her, placing a quick kiss against her mouth.

"Someone tastes like whisky."

"You sound surprised. I guess that means you didn't get my text."

"No. Sorry." She scans the room. "Guess I didn't bring my phone into the office."

"I went by Duncan's to take care of some Fellowship business. I ran into Jamie and Leith. We had a couple drinks so we could catch up."

"Good. I know you must miss hanging out with your friends."

I think she feels guilty for cutting into our triad's time together. "It's all right. I sort of like my new friend."

"You said you were tending Fellowship business. Everything okay?"

"Aye. A few of the brothers have expressed interest in opening a gentlemen's club."

"A gentlemen's club." Her words ooze with contempt. "And I suppose they'll want Fellowship women to work in it?"

"Of course. It would work the same as any other Fellowship business."

"I'm all for Fellowship women working to earn a living. If they choose to do that topless, that's their prerogative but can't we provide them other career choices besides being strippers and barmaids?"

"We do, Bonny. There are a lot of options. You're not aware of them yet because you haven't been around long. You'll see there's lots of opportunities for any woman who wants to work."

She appears less defensive. "I'm glad to hear that."

Good. She seems content.

I move my attention to the newly decorated office wall. "Taking up some new form of abstract art as a hobby?"

"No. I met with Debra today for the first time. We had lunch and then she came over to take a look at my evidence. She helped me set this up. It's brilliant."

Debra? "Remind me who she is."

"My dad's former undercover partner. She quit the Bureau and went freelance. She was also my eyes and ears while I was studying you from afar."

"Ah. She's the woman who ran surveillance on us."

"No. She's the woman who ran surveillance on you for years and was completely undetected."

"Aye. Very true." I can give credit where it's due.

"It was a great meeting. Not just because she helped me with this. She told me all kinds of stories from when she and Dad were partners. I enjoyed hearing about their antics."

Bleu says little but she's still mourning the death of her father. And the loss of her sister. She occasionally tells me she needs alone time in the tub but I know what that really means. She needs a good cry.

She looks at the clock on the wall. "Wow. I didn't realize it had gotten so late. I'm sorry. I got caught up in this. I haven't put anything on for dinner."

I don't mind. We've been in Edinburgh a week and my sweet Bonny Bleu hasn't stopped. When she isn't researching the men on the list my father gave her, she's spending time with the women of The Fellowship. She's even offered to teach photography to anyone who's interested.

She's striving so hard to win them over. A suggestion from my mum, I'm sure.

"No problem. You need a break-let's go out for dinner."

"Can I tell you about a breakthrough I found first?"

She's so excited. There's no way I can burst her bubble. "Go ahead."

She points to the photo on top with three strings connected to it.

"Todd Cockburn is a suspect?" He's a pit boss at the casino. The only way his hands are ever dirtied is by money.

"He was in the US during the murder and-wait for it-he worked at the same Fellowship casino as my mother in Biloxi, Mississippi. The timing is off. I haven't worked that part out yet but they would've been coworkers before I was born."

I hate being her killjoy. "Your mother didn't work for The Fellowship. Don't you remember Dad saying he tried to convince her to come to work for him?"

"You're wrong. I pulled her employment records. She worked at a Fellowship casino when your grandfather was leader. Thane didn't meet her until after she left and was working for a non-Fellowship casino."

That changes things. "Very interesting discovery."

"I have Debra to thank for that tidbit. I'd like you to meet her. She could be a huge asset against The Order."

My wife is remarkable. "You may not have been born into The Fellowship but you are destined to be one of us. No question about it."

"I'm supposed to have a girls' night out with Lorna, Westlyn, and a few of their friends Tuesday night. I want to suggest going to the casino."

I know my wife. She doesn't have to tell me what going to the casino means. She wants to question Todd Cockburn.

She arches her right brow. "Your thoughts?"

"You're a card counter. We don't allow your kind in the casino. It's bad for business. I'm sure you understand."

She grins. "I won't be there for the cards."

I'm not a huge fan of her interrogating Todd. "Have Debra question him."

"What would be the fun in that?"

She truly enjoys the chase. I suppose I can concede and allow her a little entertainment since I know questioning Cockburn will prove fruitless. "You and the lasses enjoy your blackjack game. And don't break the casino, please."

* * *

Bleu holds the foot of the mattress for balance as she kicks out of her heels. When she's finished, she comes to me and lifts her hair so her zipper is exposed. "Want to help me out of this?"

I lower her zipper but she doesn't let her dress fall as I'd hoped. She holds the top and walks into the closet.

Damn, I hope that's a sign she's changing into something sweet and sassy. That's what I have a craving for tonight.

I'm almost finished brushing my teeth when Bleu comes into the bathroom.

Hell, yes! She's wearing the ivory slip gown with the ruffles-one of my all-time forever favorites. "I love seeing you in that."

"Which is why I chose it."

I finish my nightly routine before Bleu but I don't leave the bathroom to get into bed. I stay so I can watch her.

Preparing for bed together is an odd thing for me to covet but I have since before Bleu became my wife. It's something I've never shared with any other woman so I suppose that's why it feels special.

"What are you doing?" The foam of the toothpaste spatters around her lips. It makes me want to kiss the minty bubbles away.

"You know what I'm doing."

She rinses and spits. "Right. Because this is so sexy."

It runs a close second to the way her silky gown clings to her curves. "You already know I think it is."

She shakes her head and giggles. "My sweet, darling Breck. You'll use anything as an excuse to get turned on."

That needs clarification. "Aye, but only when it comes to you."

I move to stand behind Bleu. I kiss her bare shoulder, watching our reflections as she melts against me. I brush her hair away from her neck, my mouth leaving a trail of kisses to that sweet spot below her ear.

She tries to twist in my arms but I hold her firm. I suck her earlobe into my mouth while gliding my hand around her waist. I lower it so my hand cups her crotch, my fingers circling her through the satiny fabric.

I flatten my palm against the center of her back and push. "Bend over."

She lowers her upper body and holds the vanity, palms flat. She sways her hips from side to side so she's rubbing her bum over my growing bulge. I use my foot to tap each of her inner ankles. "Spread your feet."

I push the back of her nightgown upward. She grasps the front holding it in place with her clenched fist.

I palm her satin-clad bum. I glide my fingers through the part of her thighs and rub the crotch of her knickers. She's already wet. That makes me very happy. And hard.

I clench the waist of her knickers in my fist and pull them down her legs. They become a pile on the floor.

My fingers glide through her slick cleft. She rhythmically shifts her hips, rocking against my hand.

I've come to know my wife's body well. This will be short-lived. She'll come quickly.

With my free hand, I reach for her chin. I grasp it, forcing her to watch our reflections in the mirror. "Look at me. I want to see your face when you come."

Bleu opens her mouth and sucks two of my fingers inside. She bites them firmly but not hard enough to cause pain.

Her eyes close. "Bonny. I want those baby blues on me."

Her lids flutter open and I recognize the growing frenzy on her face. Her climax is close.

She sucks harder. Her subdued moan vibrates in her mouth against my fingers. I ache to see the outward reactions of her inner body imploding with ecstasy. There isn't a damn thing I enjoy seeing more.

Watching Bleu come like this is intense. It's arousing as hell. My cock throbs, prepared to do whatever it takes to be inside her.

I one-handedly push my sleep pants down. I guide my tip to her warm, wet entrance. I enter slowly, giving her a moment to acclimate to the position. "Good?"

She releases the suction on my fingers. Her eyes are still watching mine. "Yes. And now I want to watch you come."

I grasp her hips and guide them in counteraction. We master the motion and speed the rhythm. This position allows me to get inside her deep and fast.

I slow because my orgasm is building. I try to prolong it but it's useless. Bonny feels too good.

She watches my face intently when I grip her hips and thrust urgently. "Come inside me. Deep and hard."

Fuck. Her words are my undoing.

I fill her with a part of myself until nothing's left. When I finish, I'm spent and empty.

I lean forward and press my forehead to her back. "My sweet Bonny. When we met, all I wanted to do was fuck you. I daydreamed about it day and night. I fantasized about the ways I would do it. This one was at the top of my list."

"You got your way."

"Somewhere in the midst of envisioning all the ways I'd have you, I got greedy and wanted you to love me."

"Again, you got your way."

I pull out and she twists in my arms. I squeeze her tight, lifting her to sit on the vanity. She drapes her arms around my shoulders and wraps her legs around my waist.

"You always make love to my mind and fuck the hell out of my body. Never stop."

"Not a chance."

I kiss her quickly. "Come. I have something I want to show you."

I'm nervous as I lead her to the bedroom and fetch a paper from inside the top drawer of the nightstand.

We sit on the side of the bed. "I've been researching fertility clinics and I think I've found a good fit."

"You've been searching for a fertility clinic without me?" A deep V appears between her brows as she narrows her eyes at me.

Uh-oh. She's pissed.

"Nothing in-depth-just a little simple Internet search in my spare time."

Her scowl doesn't improve as she reaches for the folded printout. "Let me take a look."

I give her the sheet and point to the one at the top. "I found several potentials but this one in London has the highest success rate."

According to what Bleu has told me, we'll need the most highly skilled physicians available. "Most clinics I found typically have a success rate somewhere in the thirties, up to forty percent. This facility's standard averages around fifty-eight percent."

She arches her right brow. I think that means she's impressed. Or interested. "That's very high."

This isn't new information for Bleu. She understands what these numbers mean. "Of live births, fifty-three percent were single babies while forty-seven percent were twins."

"That's a really high twin rate," she says, looking over the statistics. "They must know what they're doing."

"I want to pursue this but not if you aren't on board." This is our decision, but it's her body. She has to want this or it's a no-go. "This isn't your happy face."

She sighs. "I have mixed feelings."

"Tell me about them."

"I'm not at all prepared to be someone's mother right now. The thought of a little person depending on me is terrifying."

She's scared. I get it. The whole thing is frightening for me too. "I'm guessing it's not at all unusual to feel that way. I'll bet we could ask a dozen parents and they'd all say parenthood scared the shit out of them."

I need to remind her what an appointment with a fertility specialist would mean at this point. "It would just be a consult-a meeting to discuss our best option for having a baby in the future."

"But the other end of the spectrum scares me too. They could confirm I'll never be able to have one."

"You mean they could tell us." Her fertility issues are my fertility issues. We're in this together.

I put my arm around her and kiss the top of her head. "I married you knowing we might never have children of our own and I'm okay with that. We can always adopt."

"The Fellowship is going to want a blood successor. But you knew that as well when you married a woman who might not be able to give you a child of your own."

"In case you forgot, I married you anyway." My love for Bleu exceeds any obligations The Fellowship may have for me. "Fuck The Fellowship. They don't get a say in our personal lives."

"That's just not true." She sighs. "Like it or not, they'll always have a say about each and every part of our lives."

They can say what they like. Doesn't mean I'll jump each time they command. "Then it's a good thing I'll be their leader and can tell them to shove it all up their arses." Finally, I earn a smile from Bleu. "Because I will if the circumstances call for it."

The corners of her mouth curl deeper. "And I love you dearly for that."

I'm not sure she believes my promise but at least her mood seems to be more agreeable. "Is it all right to push forward with making the appointment? It's possible there could be a waiting list."

"It's probably a good idea. I've been having a lot of pain."

I had no idea. "Why haven't you told me?"

She shrugs. "We were getting married. Dad was dying. We were moving across an ocean. It could be any number of reasons. Pick one."

"We're never too busy to address something as important as your health. Don't keep me in the dark about such things again. Promise?"

"Promise."

"Good. I'll call tomorrow and make the arrangements since it'll need to be scheduled around my work."

Bleu slides down in the bed and I move over her until she's situated perfectly beneath me. I hover above, my weight supported by my elbows pressed into the mattress, so I can look at her face.

"I've been told most of my adult life that I'd likely never be able to have children. After you hear it so many times, you have no choice but to believe it. I mourned it as a loss, because to me, it was the death of a dream. But I came to accept it. Now there's a small ray of hope dancing around my heart and I'm terrified of the pain that could accompany another disappointment."

"I want us to go into this with nothing but a positive attitude while keeping in mind that no matter how things turn out, I will love you."

"I can't believe I have this incredible man in my life with the power to possibly change my fate."

"Your fate is my destiny. Always."

Chapter Eleven

Bleu Breckenridge

It's midnight on a weeknight so we're asleep when the doorbell rings. Someone showing up here at this time can only mean one thing. Something Fellowship-related has happened.

This is our life. My husband gets yanked from our bed at all hours of the night. I knew what I was getting into when I married him. And I'd do it again.

Sin leaves the bed. When he doesn't return, I get up to see what's happening.

We returned to Edinburgh three weeks ago. I've managed to avoid my nemesis, the devil himself, until now.

He smirks when he spots me standing in the doorway.

"Ah! There she is. My lovely niece, the newest Mrs. Breckenridge. Come, lass. Give your uncle a hug." He may be a charming psychopath with the ability to fool some but I don't mistake the contempt in his tone.

If he wants to play the charm game, I'm up for it. I'm quite gifted at becoming whoever I need to be. But he knows that.

"Hello, Abram." I hug him tightly. "I hope all is well."

"I'm afraid not, love. That's why I've come at this late hour."

God, he's laying it on thick. Makes me want to puke. I hope Sin isn't mistaking this for sincerity.

"I'm sorry to disturb you. I know you're still in the honeymoon phase but I must borrow your husband for a while. Uninvited guests have been seen at one of our warehouses. We need to secure it."

"Give me a minute to dress and I'll be ready to go," Sin says.

"Of course."

I'm left alone with Abram. I can't wait to see how he uses this time with me.

"Congratulations on your nuptials."

Damn liar. "I don't believe for a second that you're happy about my marriage to Sin."

He laughs. "You are a frisky little thing. I would bet money your spicy personality directly reflects in the bedroom. Is that why my nephew was so willing to do anything to make you his?"

I fight the temptation to put Abram on his knees. "You didn't come here because you want to wish me your best or discuss my sex life with my husband."

"You're right. I have no well wishes for you and the way you fuck is none of my concern. However, I do have an interest in what brought you to Edinburgh in the first place."

Sin says we don't owe Abram an explanation. He hasn't told him anything and I don't have to, either. "I don't know what you mean."

"Cut the shit, Mrs. Breckenridge. You're an FBI agent who fucked your way into The Fellowship. You got my nephew to marry you. That's no coincidence."

Abram's spoiled. He's privy to knowing everything about everyone within The Fellowship. Until me. He must feel very threatened by that.

A threatened animal is dangerous. I probably shouldn't rattle his cage. But I will anyway. "Wouldn't you love to know my motives?"

"Listen, little lass. I've been in this family fifty-three years. You've been here five minutes. It's a mistake to think you'll best me. You won't win."

I grin as I laugh. He isn't getting under my skin. "I love Sinclair and he loves me. That's all you need to know."

"Your mother did the same thing with Thane as what you're doing with Sinclair now."

I shake my head. "You still believe I'm Amanda Lawrence's daughter."

"My dear Stella Bleu Lawrence ... I could tell you all the details you want to know about your mother's death. I know everything. Who. Why."

He's bluffing. If he knew anything, he'd have told Thane years ago. He wouldn't suddenly decide to give up the goods to a woman he doesn't know. It's a trap to make me admit I'm Amanda Lawrence's daughter. But it won't work.

"I would think you'd have already shared those details with your brother if you knew anything." I grin, calling his bluff.

Sin returns and we both go silent.

"Ready."

My husband comes to me and cradles me in his arms. "You know the routine."

"I know. Don't expect you before morning."

He kisses me quickly. Nothing like what he'd give me if Abram weren't here.

"Come back to me safely."

"Always."

He moves his mouth over my ear. "Be naked and waiting for me."

Sin has a new obsession. He wants sex, the frisky kind, when he comes home from being out on business. He's a beast. I'm not sure what's brought it on but I like it.

"Naked, wet, and wanting. That's how you'll find me when you return."

"Perfect."

* * *

I wake to the sound of the shower running. Odd. Sin always bathes after coming home from tending to Fellowship business but never before telling me he's back safe and sound.

"Sin?"

No response.

I get out of bed and go to the bathroom. "You didn't wake me when you came in. Everything okay?"

"Yes." It's peculiar to hear him use that word. I'm accustomed to hearing "aye."

"You sure?"

He doesn't reply.

I peer around the corner of our walk-in shower. Sin's hands are pressed against the tile wall. The cascade of water hits his shoulder and runs down his back. My eyes immediately go to an angry red laceration over the left side of his lower back. It's been freshly sutured.

I'll never get used to seeing my beloved wounded. I hate it. "I see Jamie had to stitch you up. What happened?"

He's unmoving, staring at the floor. "Go back to bed, Bonny. I'll be there in a minute."

He doesn't give me the answer I want but he's acting peculiar. I think pushing him is the wrong thing to do. "Do you need anything?"

"No."

I return to bed and wait. It's at least thirty minutes before he slides in next to me. "Is everything okay?"

"Depends on who you ask."

"I'm asking my husband."

"I killed someone tonight." His tone is devoid of emotion.

Sin has killed before. This isn't news. "This time was different?"

"He was a boy," he growls. "The Order had no business bringing a boy so young in on a raid."

"How young?"

"Eighteen. Maybe nineteen. I don't know but too young to die."

He needs to talk about this. "How'd it happen?"

"He came at me from behind with a knife. I couldn't see him. I only felt the burn of the blade in my back." He punches his fist into the mattress.

"You shot him before you realized how young he was?"

"Aye. I would've roughed him up and sent him crying to his mum if I'd realized."

"Baby. You didn't know."

"That doesn't change the way I feel."

It sucks. I know from experience. "I understand every emotion you're experiencing right now. A strung-out, seventeen-year-old kid took shots at me during an undercover sting. He had every intention of killing me so he could steal the meth I had. It turned into kill or be killed, and I had no choice. He died in my arms before the ambulance arrived."

"Tell me how to deal with this because I don't have a fucking clue."

"A shit ton of therapy. But it was my dad who got me through it. He'd been in my shoes so he understood the guilt associated with taking a young life. He reminded me often that I didn't choose to kill that kid. I was forced. Just like you." I move closer and put my head against Sin's chest. "And I'm going to get you through this. Expect to hear over and over that this wasn't your fault."

"This gets so much worse, Bonny. The boy was Jason Grieve, the only son of Torrence Grieve, the leader of The Order."

I don't need to be fluent in Fellowship affairs to know The Order will see this as an act of war. "That means they'll retaliate?"

"Hard. It's only a matter of time."

"What are the brothers saying?"

"They're thrilled I killed The Order's only potential replacement leader. They're treating me like a fucking hero. But I in no way feel like a victor." I hear his pain in the break of his voice.

This is shattering Sin. And it's breaking my heart to watch.

Isobel told me there would be times like this. She said Sin would lose his way and he'd need me to act as his light in the darkness. So that's what I'll do. I'll be whatever my husband needs.

"I love you." I swaddle Sin with my body and kiss his forehead. I melt against him, becoming a tangible form of comfort wrapping around him in the darkness. "Let's just lie like this and forget the world for as long as it'll allow us."

And that's what we do. Lie silently until sleep claims us both.

* * *

It's been a week since Sin killed Grieve's son. They've not yet retaliated. But we know it's coming and we're prepared.

Sin's coping. It was rough for a few days but I see him slowly returning to himself. I'm doing my job as his supporter. I occasionally catch him preoccupied and assume he's replaying that night's events in his head. I act quickly to distract him each time I think he could be recalling that night.

Today's a good day for Sin. I'm glad because we have an important appointment.

We're traveling to the Assisted Reproduction Centre in London for our first consultation. We fly over this afternoon and will see Dr. Paschall first thing in the morning.

I'm nervous, but not about the things we'll hear from the physician. I've heard it all before. However, hearing the proof of my poor fertility prognosis from a top fertility specialist will be new for Sin. I'm afraid of his reaction.

I fear this hasn't been real in his mind or perhaps he's been thinking if he paid the right doctor enough money, I could be fixed. Once it has been confirmed that there's a very real problem, one that is likely irreparable, it could all come crashing down. For both of us.

I'm packing when Sin comes into our bedroom. He prowls up behind me and snakes his arms around my waist, pressing his lips to the side of my neck. "Hello, Mrs. Breckenridge."

"Hello, Mr. Breckenridge. I was just about to choose your clothes for our trip since you've not yet done it. Would you like a suit, a suit, or ... a suit?"

"Ahh. My wife, the comedian."

I twist in his arms. "That's all you ever wear."

"Because I have an image to maintain. How authoritative do you think I'd appear wearing jeans and sneakers?"

I suppose it might be difficult for the brothers to see him as a leader in casual wear. "I see your point, but it's a little weird to never see you in anything else. You should have a little variety in your wardrobe."

"You forget I don't wear a suit to bed."

True. I adore the low-riding sleep pants, even if they don't typically stay on for long. "Don't get me wrong. I love seeing you in your fancy suits. You look sexy and powerful but it would be nice if you occasionally wore something different. Don't you think you'd get tired of seeing me in a dress every day?"

"Never." He slides his hand between my legs. "A dress would make for easy access to this at all times. I think I'd like it very much."

I roll my eyes and shove his hand away. "No time for that, I'm afraid. We have to leave for the airport soon and there's still packing to finish."

"Bring some sexies." He puts his mouth to my ear and growls. "And prepare to be had often while we're away."

* * *

The consultation with Dr. Paschall begins as expected-with discussing my medical history, followed by an ultrasound for a current assessment of all my girly parts. Nice and pleasant as always.

We're waiting in his office to hear his opinion on how to proceed in pursuing the family we both agree we'll want someday. I can't stop looking at the photo on the wall to my right. The use of bokeh initially caught my attention. Now I'm staring at the subject. A beautiful little brown-eyed boy in a blue and cream sweater with matching beanie.

"No matter the verdict, I love you." Sin steals my attention when he lifts my hand to his lips and kisses my knuckles. "We'll get through it even if the news isn't promising. I need you to know that before we find out."

I've been concerned about the place his head would be, but now I'm not. "I believe you."

"Harry couldn't have loved you more if you'd been his biological child. I'm certain that's how we'll feel if that's the way the cards fall."

"I know. I could easily love and adore an adopted child. That wouldn't be an issue for me."

That's as far as our adoption discussion gets before Dr. Paschall comes into the office. He wastes no time in getting down to business, beginning with a report on the condition of my remaining ovary.

He retrieves the ultrasound picture and moves his pen over an area on the screen. I already know what I'm looking at; this isn't my first rodeo. "The lining of your uterus looks good so I don't foresee any implantation problems."

He skips to another view and moves the pen over an area of white with dark polka dots. It resembles a grainy, black-and-white photo of a piece of Honeycomb cereal. "Your ovary is enlarged and these dark areas are fluid-filled cysts."

Even I can tell they're larger and more numerous than my last scan. That means the disease process is worsening. Not great.

"Have you been experiencing pain in your right lower abdomen?"

Every day. "Yes, but it's minor compared to what I had with my left ovary several years ago."

No way I'll ever forget that kind of pain. It was so horrible that I begged my doctor to remove the thing without any hesitation or concern for my fertility.

Sin asked why I hadn't mentioned the pain to him. I proposed several vague reasons but I wasn't being honest. The truth is I didn't want to acknowledge the pain. To do so was to admit that the cysts were growing, bringing me another step closer to losing my ovary. And fertility. It was easier to pretend it wasn't happening.

"Are the cysts bad enough to warrant removing my ovary?"

"Not yet, but you've had significant change since your last scan. I can't say how long that'll be the case." Relief and fear simultaneously course through me.

"You've not been actively trying to conceive so let's talk about what we know." He laces his fingers and props them on his desk. "A pregnancy hasn't spontaneously occurred despite several months of intercourse without contraceptive. Because we know your history, I'd assume it didn't happen because you aren't ovulating. I'll want to run a panel to be sure. Once we confirm that, we could try Clomid for a while to see if we can get you ovulating, but I don't predict that being successful considering the size of your cysts. It's a gamble-and potentially a costly one-since we're not sure how long this ovary will last. I'd rather not leave this to chance in case history decides to repeat itself."

This remaining ovary feels like a time bomb that could detonate at any moment. I hate that feeling.

"I'm recommending we induce ovulation as soon as possible. We should do another egg retrieval with fertilization and proceed with a fresh embryo transfer via IVF. Any embryos not used should be cryopreserved."

What?

"Why are you recommending we push forward with the IVF now?" I ask.

"Let's say we do the retrieval and get six quality embryos. You freeze and bank all of them. You decide in three years you're ready to do the transfer but two are badly degraded by the freezing process. That leaves you four possibilities-two attempts if you use two of the embryos on each IVF. Worst-case scenario, neither yield a successful pregnancy and you lose your ovary in the meantime. At that point, your only options are your banked frozen eggs from two years ago, which yield an even lower success rate than embryos. Should those prove unviable, you're down to using donor eggs fertilized with your husband's semen."

I don't want to even begin to try to sort out the emotions stirring as I consider that last possibility.

"The upside to proceeding with the IVF now is figuring out if you need to have a repeat egg retrieval before the opportunity is no longer there."

Dr. Paschall isn't saying it but he must think I'll lose my ovary soon. That's the only reason he'd push for this. "If we don't move forward, we're putting all of my eggs in one basket and hoping it doesn't get dropped."

"Yes. Quite literally." Dr. Paschall peers up at the sonogram picture and then back to me. "If having children of your own is important to you, I wouldn't recommend waiting."

"If we decide to do it, how soon are we talking?" Sin asks.

"Your wife will require stimulated IVF. It's a two-week cycle from the time you begin medications until the egg collection. Once the eggs are fertilized, we will choose the best two after three days and the transfer will happen at that time."

A tiny little ball of life will be placed inside me seventeen days after the start of the medication. No. Make that two microscopic little beings. That's unbelievable. And completely nuts.

"Go ahead and make the appointment. Take the next week or so to think it over and make a decision. You can always call back and cancel if you decide you don't want to go through with it."

As we leave the clinic, my emotions are all over the place. I'm thrilled all hope isn't lost but I thought we'd have more time. I have tasks to do first-important things a baby will hinder.

Sin gives my hand a squeeze. "Hello? Earth to Bleu."

"I'm sorry. Did you say something?"

"I said we should talk. About this. How about over lunch?"

I'm not sure I can handle a big meal. "What about a coffee and pastry instead?"

I'd love to have one of Starbucks' new chestnut praline lattes but we settle for the first cafe we come upon. We choose a lonely table near the back in hopes of privacy for this conversation I think neither of us wants to have.

I sip my caramel latte. When it burns my tongue, I set it aside to cool.

"Not good?"

"I can't be sure. I think it may have scorched my taste buds."

"How's your pumpkin bread?"

I nod. "Good."

"I'm not sure how you'd know. It looks like all you've done is pick at it."

I don't know. I can't recall tasting the few bites I've taken. I'm too preoccupied. "I don't have much of an appetite."

He reaches across the table and covers my hand with his. "Tell me what you're thinking."

I'm not sure how to put my feelings into words when I'm incapable of sorting out what's happening in my head. And heart. "The consult didn't go as I expected."

"Agreed."

Good. At least we're on the same page.

"I'm thrilled we weren't told a pregnancy was a hopeless cause." Now here comes the part where I must choose my words carefully. "But I'm terrified of doing this so soon. We've only been married six weeks."

"I feel the same. I'm very happy Dr. Paschall believes we have a chance but I wasn't expecting him to advise us to proceed so quickly. I thought we'd do the retrieval now and implant in a year or two."

He looks as uncertain as I feel. I see it in the lines of his forehead, in the way his lips turn down at the corners.

"We aren't ready to do this, are we?" I ask.

"No." He releases my hand and sits back in his seat. "But are we prepared to let what might be our only chance at having a child slip through our fingers because it's sooner than we'd like?"

The timing is horrible. "Unfortunately, we aren't blessed with the luxury of waiting until we're ready. It seems it's now or possibly never."

It feels as though my life revolves around an inconvenient schedule due to circumstances out of my control. It's disheartening.

"I need time to think about this. I can't decide today." And probably not tomorrow, or even the next day.

"I say we enjoy our day together and talk about it after we've had time to adjust to the idea."

"Agreed."

Chapter Twelve

Sinclair Breckenridge

Bleu's never been to London. In fact, she's pretty much never been anywhere so I thought she'd be excited to see the sights. Although her camera is hanging around her neck, she hasn't taken a single picture. She's too absorbed by what I can only assume is an internal battle-probably the same one I'm struggling with. I know because she's paying far more attention to the infants and children we pass than any of the iconic places we're visiting.

We browse the gift shop at The Tower of London after finishing our tour. We make the circle and end up in the children's section. She picks up a royal guardsman teddy bear from the shelf. "He's cute."

I disagree.

I'm Scottish, so for me, it's a symbol of oppression. Our conflicts with England are centuries' old and still run deep. I'll never be a fan of anything representing the English. I avoid this place. I wouldn't be here now if the Assisted Reproduction Centre didn't have the highest successful pregnancy rates in IVF.

Bleu wasn't reared here. She doesn't understand how many Scots feel toward our southern neighbors. But she'll come to know since she's going to spend the rest of her life in Scotland.

She studies the toy another moment before returning it to the shelf. She almost looks regretful about it. "Do you want the bear?"

"No." She shrugs. "I don't know. Maybe."

"I'll buy you any Scottish bear you want, but not an English one."

"You look angry."

"No worries. It's nothing to do with you."

I attempt to distract Bleu-and myself-with sightseeing. It's a long day by the time we return to the hotel. My leg feels the miles by the time we return so once we're back in our suite, I remove my prosthesis. "Fuck, I'm sore from all the walking we did today."

"You should've told me. We didn't have to stay out all day."

It wasn't a problem earlier. In fact, I didn't notice the discomfort until an hour ago. "It was fine all day. The walk back was when it started giving me trouble."

I pushed myself too far in an attempt to keep Bleu's mind off the baby stuff. And mine. Mission not accomplished.

She plops on the floor in front of me and reaches for my leg. "Here. I'm going to rub it for you."

I don't want her doing that. "No."

"If my feet hurt, you'd rub them for me. In fact, you've done it for me before-more than once if I recall correctly."

"Aye, but this is different."

"You have pain in your lower extremity and I want to make it better for you. It's no different than what you do for me."

But it is. She just can't see that. "It's my stump. Not my foot."

"True. It's not your foot because you only have one and it's on your other leg. Stop being stupid and let me massage it for you."

She's determined to make me feel better as she rubs her hands over the end of my amputated leg. "Better?"

I don't want to hurt her but she needs to understand why I don't want her doing this and why it's different from rubbing feet. "Muscle is what's massaged. That's why it feels good. My stump is mostly skin-covered bone and there's not a lot of sensation. It's not a pleasant feeling. That's why it's not the same thing."

She stops and looks up at me. "Okay. But I still want to make you feel better."

She moves to her knees and glides her hands up my thighs. "What about this? Better?"

I like the place this is going. "Not quite there but it's a definite improvement."

She stretches to place her lips against mine and sucks my bottom lip into her mouth. "I'm going to make you feel so damn good."

She moves her mouth down the side of my neck. "You're definitely moving in the right direction."

"Getting warmer, huh?"

"Aye."

She loosens the knot of my tie and lifts it over my head. She pulls the bottom of my shirt from my pants and begins unbuttoning it, starting at the top. When it's open, I sit up and she pushes it from my shoulders before tossing it over the arm of the sofa.

She places her palms on my chest and pushes me so my back is pressed against the sofa. "Relax. Let me take care of you."

"Whatever you say."

She kisses the center of my chest while tracing the tips of her thumbs around my nipples. They harden and she pinches them, sending a tingle straight to my cock. Or maybe her mouth moving down my stomach is the culprit.

Bleu reaches the waistband of my trousers and tugs the button open before lowering the zipper. Her hand reaches inside and frees me. She looks up at me and licks her lips. "Am I getting warmer?"

"Definitely."

She lowers her mouth and presses her tongue just above my balls, dragging it in a slow, upward motion along my length. She reaches the head and sucks it into her mouth, swirling her tongue back and forth across the tip while holding the base.

She looks up and we make eye contact. "Still just warm?"

"No." I suck air through clenched teeth. "You're on-fucking-fire."

She smiles before taking me back into her mouth in what I'm predicting will be the best blow job ever.

I lace my fingers through her hair as her head bobs up and down over my cock. Her hand cups my scrotum and she gently rolls my balls. This kind of massaging, I can stand. She can do it any time she wants. "Mmm ... you're making me feel so damn good, just like you said you would."

I'm going to come very soon. I'm not sure how Bleu prefers that to happen. But I know how I feel about it. She's my wife, not one of my previous conquests. I don't plan to treat her as such. "Bonny. I'm about to come. I don't want to do it in your mouth."

Her head lifts but she's still close enough I feel her warm breath on my dick when she speaks. "It's okay."

No. It's really not.

I've done it plenty of times and it was always with one thing in mind-to convey to the woman I was with that she was nothing more than an object I was using for my own gratification. I don't want that for my Bonny Bleu.

I caress my hand over her hair. "Stop, baby."

She does as I ask and looks up at me. "What's wrong?"

"Not a thing in the world."

I tug on her hands-willing her to stand-and she follows my cue. I unfasten the bottom button of her shirt and work my way up. She's wearing a pink-and-white-striped bra, trimmed in black lace. Something about it reminds me of Paris. "Ooh la la."

She trails two fingers down her breastbone between her tits. "Do you like it?"

"Aye. So well I think you should keep it on a while longer. I like the way you're all stacked up there."

When I'm finished, her shirt joins mine on the couch and I go to work on her trousers. Her shoes are already off so she kicks out of her pants.

She's wearing matching knickers. No surprise there. My lass always wears paired sexies for me.

I grasp her arse cheeks in my hands and pull her forward, pressing my nose against the satiny triangle barely covering her. I inhale deeply. "You smell like the best kind of aphrodisiac. I can never get enough."

I slip my finger into her elastic waistband and pull back, dipping my nose inside. "I like these knickers very much but I'd prefer seeing them on the floor."

She pushes her fingers through my hair. "I think you've mastered all the ways to make that happen."

"I'm sure there's always room for improvement."

I glide my hands over the arse of her knickers and hook my fingers over the back waistband. I scrunch them in my fisted hands and drag them down her legs. She steps out and I crumple them against my nose. I breathe in Bleu's aroma. "I could very well develop a panty fetish because of your scent, my dear Mrs. Breckenridge. It's divine."

"Then I'd have to call you a weirdo. Or sex fiend. That's probably more appropriate."

"I assure you I've been called much worse."

I grasp her behind her knee and place her foot on the sofa so I have better access to what I want. She grasps my shoulders for balance as she stands on a single foot.

My hand palm side up, I slip it between her legs. I push my fingers through her slit and bring them forward, barely grazing her sensitive nub. I do it again, softly and slowly. Deliberate. I want her to yearn for more. "Do you like it when I do that?"

"Mmm-hmm."

I stroke her again. "Then you'd like more of this?"

"You know I do."

"How badly do you want it?"

"Desperately."

"Then ask me for it."

"Touch me."

"I don't think that's exactly what you want. A simple touch will never make you come. Tell me what it is you really want."

"Stroke me." She takes one of her hands from my shoulder and places on top of mine. She rocks her hips back and forth. "Right here."

"Stroke here until you what?"

"Until I come."

I move my fingers back and forth. "Like this?"

"Mmm ... hmm."

She's holding my hand with hers, moving her hips against my fingers. Faster and harder. It isn't long before I'm seeing the cues she's close to climax. "I want to be inside you when you come."

I grasp the back of her leg, the one she's still standing on. "Hold onto my shoulders."

I pull her so her legs are straddling me. I guide my rock-hard cock to her entrance. She sinks over me until I'm deep inside. "Ohh," she gasps.

She wraps her arms around my shoulders and begins moving with me. I move my fingers to that sensitive spot above our union and continue stroking her sensitive zone. "This is where I want to come. Inside you-here." Never in her mouth like the others. Never in the mouth she'll use to kiss our children.

"It's starting," she says while slowing to ride me with more deliberate motion. And she's right. The muscular contractions squeeze tightly around my cock. It's all I need to start the onset of my own climax.

"I feel it." I grasp her hips tightly, digging my fingertips into her flesh. I pull her down hard and plunge deep, meeting her thrust for thrust.

"Ohh ... ohh," she groans. It's her patented noise every time she comes. It's a glorious sound to hear. It means I've given my wife another orgasm. I'm still the only man who's ever done that for her.

It's a carefully orchestrated act to bring together. And worth every bit of effort. There's nothing else like it in this world.

When we're both satiated, she relaxes against me, resting her cheek against my shoulder. I'm still inside her. I want to keep it that way so I put my arms around her waist to hold her in place.

I thought making love might take her mind off the baby stuff but I don't think it has. "You're still there."

She pulls away to look at my face. "I'm still where?"

"That place your mind went after we left the fertility clinic this morning."

"I'm sorry." I'm happy she isn't pretending she doesn't know what I mean.

"It's okay. I'm in the same place." And I want to be there together.

"It scares me."

"Which part?"

"All of it." She presses her forehead to mine. "I'm terrified it won't work. I'm petrified it will."

I rub my hands up and down her back. "I think all first-time parents have these kinds of fears."

"But mine are different. They consist of more than how I'll care for a baby."

I want to know and understand the things causing her angst. "Tell me about it."

She sighs long and hard. "I've always thought of my future family as the end result-my reward to myself for avenging my mother's death and putting all the darkness behind me. I never once considered taking a husband or having a child before the deed was done."

"I see." Things are happening out of order and she's having a hard time dealing with how reality differs from the plan in her head.

"I thought I'd be healed-and normal-before I married and had a baby. How can I become someone's mother when I'm still like this?"

"You'll need to choose which is more important-your obsession with your mother's killer or taking the only chance we may get at having our own children."

"I want both."

It's impossible to have both right now. "Revenge will wait. Our family won't."

"Doesn't it bother you that we'd be making the decision to do the IVF for the wrong reason?"

Bleu having our baby should never be called wrong. "The timing may be questionable, but never the reason."

She shakes her head. "I'm sorry. I'm saying all the wrong things."

It's okay. I understand what she means. "We didn't get the news we were anticipating. We thought we'd have plenty of time. Turns out we may not. No one can predict the future, not even these specialists. What I do know is that our baby will be wanted and loved like no other. In the end, isn't that what matters most?"

"I feel like the most important events of my life have happened to suit a time frame that wasn't my own. Infiltrating The Fellowship. Marrying you. Now, bringing a baby into the world sooner than I'd like because my ovary may not hold out."

"And it's worked out for the best every time."

"Yes. But I'd like to do something without feeling cornered."

Being pushed before she's ready is the last thing I want her to feel. "We don't have to make a decision today, nor should we. We need time to sort out our feelings and what proceeding means for our lives and marriage."

"How long do we give it?"

Dr. Paschall said we shouldn't wait long. "Let's take the week to think it over and we'll make our final decision after the wedding reception." I think we need that off our plates when we return to this conversation again. "Agree?"

"Agreed."

Seven days until Bleu and I make a decision that will ultimately change our lives forever. Choose wrong and we could spend the rest of our lives in regret.

Please. Let us not make the wrong decision.

Chapter Thirteen

Bleu Breckenridge

As agreed, I've taken this week to sort out my feelings about the IVF. There's only one emotion not in question: I'm no less terrified than I was the day we left the clinic.

I wish I had one close friend or family member I could meet for coffee so I could pour my heart out. Sin's the only one I can do that with and that makes for a problem.

I've never been a person who opens my heart to others about my personal issues. I'm content bottling my feelings but this situation is different. I have an intense need to talk to someone besides my husband. I need a woman's opinion.

My friendships with Lorna and Westlyn are growing but neither is in a place where I feel comfortable talking about having a baby. And as much as I adore Isobel, this isn't something I can discuss with her. I'm certain she'll be in favor of a grandchild and an heir for The Fellowship.

It's clear. I need my sister. But she's more than four thousand miles away, so a phone call will have to do.

"Hello, bonny lass," she says with the worst Scottish accent I've ever heard.

"That was horrible."

"No way, dude. I've been practicing every day."

We're southern and have been our whole lives. It's not something you can easily tone down. "I live among these people and hear it every day. Trust me when I say your execution sucks."

"Then maybe I should come for a visit so I can improve. And check out some Scottie hotties."

Not happening. She can never step foot in Edinburgh. But I can't very well tell her that. "Sure thing. Come and we'll do one of those tours across Scotland. There's a whole lot I've still not seen. The Highlands. Loch Ness. A bazillion castles and villages. We can check it out together since Sin doesn't give a rat's ass about going with me."

"I'll take a look at the vacation requests at work to see what I can pull off."

I think I can manage a visit as long as it's not in Edinburgh. "You need to come during the summer when there's plenty of sun. Winter is cold and dark. And sort of depressing."

"I'm sure Sinclair's keeping you warm, though, right? How is that new husband of yours?"

"Busy, as always."

"He's a newbie. I'm sure they have to earn their places within the firm. Isn't that how it works?"

No. Not when they're born into the role of top dog. But I can't tell her that. "Yeah. Something like that."

"How are you adjusting to Scotland? To married life? To everything?"

To my new residence? Fine.

To being a wife? Extraordinarily well.

To being the wife a leader of The Fellowship? As good as one could hope, considering.

To the prospect of becoming a mother soon? I have no idea.

"I think I'm handling it well ..."

"But ...?"

She knows me so well. "Sin and I saw a fertility specialist last week-a really good one. We got some news I wasn't quite prepared to hear."

"I'm so sorry, Bleu. I know how much you want to have babies."

She's assuming the news was bad. "No, Elli. It's not what you're thinking. My doctor says my ovary is in bad shape but my uterus looks good. He thinks I can become pregnant. He's recommending we do another retrieval, this time with an embryo transfer."

"Bleu! That's wonderful!"

Did she hear the second part? "The embryo transfer means getting pregnant now instead of later."

"I'm not confused about what that means. However, I'm a little puzzled about your lack of enthusiasm."

"It's not that I'm not happy. I am. It's just so soon. We've only been married seven weeks."

"Tell me why your doctor is recommending you do the transfer now."

I relate what Dr. Paschall explained to us as worst-case scenario. It sounds so dire when I put it in my own words.

"This is what I'm hearing, Bleu. You have a husband who adores you. He wants babies with you so much that he's paying God only knows how much for you to see one of the best fertility doctors in the world. This highly trained specialist's job is to give you the best advice for how to conceive. He's recommending you try now for the best results, instead of waiting. Did I get it all right?"

"Yes."

It sounds so simple when I hear Ellison's version. I look foolish for not jumping at the opportunity. Except I know the real reason behind my hesitation. My sister doesn't.

"Then I'm failing to see the problem."

It's not her fault she can't see my issues. I'm not giving her the whole story. It wasn't fair of me to expect good advice when I can't even be honest about why the timing is wrong for me.

"I'm just nervous about it coming so soon in our marriage. I thought we'd have time for the two of us before a baby came along."

"Better early than never. Because never is a really long time."

The word never is a powerful one. It has no mercy. It's stern and doesn't sway. Ever. It means exactly what it says. It sort of brings the whole thing full circle in my head.

The doorbell rings. Shit. It's not even eleven and Isobel is already here. She's early.

I sprint for the door, opening it and motioning for my mother-in-law to come in. I flip the phone upside down so my mouth isn't over the speaker. "I'm almost finished talking to Ellison. Just give me another minute."

"No hurry. We have an hour until our appointments."

That might be okay if I didn't have to shower. That means I've gotta rush.

"Elli, tonight is the reception with Sin's family so I've gotta run. I have a hair appointment."

"I should be there," she says.

True. Except I married into a band of criminals so she'll never have a place among us. "I wish you could be."

"Send pictures. Lots of them. Particularly any of Sin's hot Scottish friends."

"Will do. But you shouldn't expect much. Sin is the best looking of the bunch."

God, she'd turn stupid if she saw Jamie, Leith, or Mitch. There's no way I can ever let her see them. If she did, she'd be on the first plane to Edinburgh-and Jamie fits her type perfectly. All he'd have to do is open his mouth, say one medical word, and she'd be a goner.

Can't happen. Ever.

I end my call with Ellison and I'm in a mad rush to shower and get out the door in time for my appointment.

Good thing the salon is a spa as well and will be doing it all: massage, waxing, facial, nails, hair, and makeup. I won't have to worry about a thing. Maybe I can get the IVF off my mind long enough to enjoy the pampering.

* * *

Isobel insisted Sin not see me until the reception. She's sad she wasn't a part of our marriage ceremony so she's treating this black-tie affair with The Fellowship like a ceremony as much as possible. It seems silly since we're already married. We've had our cake and eaten it too-many times-but it's important to Sin's mom, so I've agreed.

Lorna crouches down and spreads my dress on the floor. She clears a path from top to bottom so I can step inside. I put the first foot through it onto the floor and stumble. "No floundering around when there's a gun strapped to your body."

There was no way to hide it from them since they're helping me dress.

Westlyn rushes to my side. "Hold my hand so you don't tumble over."

I manage to get both feet on the floor free and clear of the fabric.

"Up we go." I slip my arms in and Lorna glides my zipper up.

"This dress is stunning. Blows Kate Middleton's away." Westlyn steps back and gives me a once-over. "It cost a fortune, didn't it?"

It did but Isobel insisted it was worth every penny. "Don't make me say that number aloud."

"Only the best for our leader's wife who will one day carry the next generation of Fellowship leaders." Lorna's tone is mocking. I think she's making fun of my duty to "bear an heir."

Westlyn studies me in my dress. "Your boobs look bigger. Are you already pregnant?"

"Definitely not. The push-up gets all the credit."

I laugh but not at Westlyn's question. I find this entire conversation amusing. I'm in the middle of female chitchat and I don't hate it. There could be hope for me yet.

"Are you and Sinclair being pressured to have a baby?"

That's a loaded question.

"Not really. Thane has mentioned it to Sin but that's it as far as I know."

"Be prepared. It's coming."

There's a knock at the door, my husband's voice on the other side. "Bonny. It's time."

"That's our cue." My two friends hug me quickly and disappear down the stairs.

I'm standing in the middle of the posh Breckenridge guest house when Sin comes in to see me for the first time. I'm wearing a real wedding dress for this event, one much different from what I wore at our wedding. This one is a long mermaid silhouette with a lace overlay and blingy belt. Elegant. Fitted. Sexy. I like the way it makes me feel. But even more, I love the way Sin looks at me when he sees me in it for the first time.

I do a turn, flaring the bottom as I spin. "Like it?"

He nods. "Aye. Very much. It's lovely but not nearly as beautiful as you."

I lift the skirt of my dress to show him my feet.

"Ah. The shoes."

"Yes, and if you're lucky, I might wear them-and nothing else-for you tonight."

He takes my face in his hands and places a soft kiss to my lips before pressing his forehead to mine. "Thank you."

I don't know what he means. "For what?"

"For being my wife and partner for life." He's repeating the words from our wedding, with one exception. He leaves off the part about being the mother of his children but it's still a reminder. Tonight marks the deadline. It's been a week since we agreed to make the decision about the IVF. And time's up.

"Mmm ... I'd like nothing more than to lie you on that bed and unwrap you like the beautiful gift you are."

"You can unwrap me later."

"I certainly will."

"Our guests are anxious to visit with the new Mrs. Breckenridge but they'll need to wait a few minutes more. I have something special for you."

Sin takes my hands and leads me to the bed. "Sit."

My curiosity is stirred. "What are you doing?"

He doesn't reply. Instead, he fetches his violin from the closet. He comes to me and goes down on one knee. It isn't an easy task for him, which makes it even more special. "This is for you. A gift from my heart."

Oh my God. I recognize the song within a few strokes of the bow. It's "Amanda." My mom's song.

It makes one of the most beautiful violin covers I've ever heard. I love it. I don't know why I haven't thought of learning it.

"That was beautiful. I felt every note."

"I learned it so I could teach you."

"It's the most amazing thing anyone has ever done for me. Thank you."

He rises and takes my hand. "Come. It's time for the brotherhood to meet my bride."

Sin leads me down the staircase, holding my hand to ensure my safety. I'm grasping my dress, pulling up at the thigh. Because it's long, the skirt is a trip hazard.

Once I'm safely on the first floor, I straighten and smooth my dress. "Good?"

"Perfect."

It's the wrong word to explain how I look. The word perfection should be saved for describing the celebration Isobel has planned. She's outdone herself but I'd expect no less after the last event she put together for me.

It's beyond amazing.

Tables are spread throughout the garden beneath three enormous white canopies. The underside of each is covered with a bazillion tiny lights, our own starlit sky. Huge lanterns hang throughout, emitting heat so the outdoor spaces are warm, despite the evening's cold.

Each table is adorned with fine linens and tableware. No surprise there. And she's made seat assignments. Thank God for that since I'm certain Isobel wouldn't have put Abram anywhere near me.

Enormous white floral arrangements adorn the centers of each table, surrounded by glowing candle lanterns. It screams magical winter wonderland. And it's beyond beautiful.

A man I assume to be the ceremony's emcee introduces us as we enter the center canopy. "It's my pleasure to present to you, Mr. and Mrs. Sinclair Breckenridge."

I can't even guess at how many people are present. It's a lot, and all of them are clapping. The men in our path slap Sin on the back and murmur offers of congratulations as we proceed to our table. We're seated at the largest one, front and center.

I've always felt Sin's role within The Fellowship was comparable to that of a prince-in-waiting. I once mocked it. But that was before I became a part of his world. I couldn't feel more like a queen than I do in this moment. And I love it. It's nice to be so well received by his people.

Champagne in hand, Jamie leads the toasts. "On behalf of Sinclair and Bleu, I'd like to thank everyone for coming out on this bitter cold night to celebrate their marriage. Even all the ladies in tears who are heartbroken to see my friend no longer available for the taking." The crowd laughs; I do as well.

"I have to tell you that I knew it was over for Sin the minute he laid eyes on Bleu. He thought he was so damn smart, keeping his feelings for her hidden from everyone, but I could see he was smitten by this American lass. I've never known my friend to be as happy and content as he was in Bleu's presence. It never mattered to him if she was Fellowship or not. He was determined to make her his, no matter the cost. And it was a high one. He made the ultimate sacrifice so she could become one of us. And now she is by both initiation and marriage. I wish you both the best of luck and a life filled with health, happiness, and joy. I wish you many healthy babies and may they all take after their beautiful mother so none of them are as ugly as Sinclair." The crowd erupts into laughter again and Jamie lifts his glass higher. "To my best friend Sinclair and his lovely wife, who shall now become my dear friend as well. May we all find love as precious as theirs."

I've not spent much time with Jamie so his speech comes as a surprise. He lifts his drink in my direction and nods before tossing it back.

Leith is next at the mic, and I'm a little worried about what he might say. "Everyone knows Sin, Jamie, and myself have been best friends since we were bairns. We've spent twenty-six years sharing any and every thing, so I didn't take well to being told to back off of Bleu." Oh God. I think Leith is drunk. This is going to be bad.

I give Sin the look, the one that says "stop him before he makes an ass of himself and us."

Sin shakes his head and returns his attention to his friend. He seems to have confidence in him. I don't.

"It took a little while but I finally realized Sin put boundaries up around Bleu because he was in love with her. That's the natural order of things when a man loves a woman. He doesn't allow other men near her. Once I figured that out, a lot of things became very clear for me."

"Sin is a liar, a cheater, and a thief." Leith lifts his glass and my heart pounds. I thought I had sorted out where his speech was going but now I'm afraid I was wrong.

"Stop him," I tell Sin.

Sin places his hand on my thigh. "He's fine."

"When he lies, may it be beside you. Or in a court of law so he may keep all you wankers out of the slammer." The crowd breaks into laughter and I'm marginally relieved. But he isn't finished.

"When he cheats, may it be death." I hear what sounds like the murmurs of hundreds saying "aye" in unison. "Seems he already has that one down since he's managed to dodge the grave twice now." I hear more gleeful sounds but I still brace myself for what could come next.

Leith is full of lingering anger with Sin, and it has nothing to do with me. It may take a little digging but I fully intend on finding out what's going on between them.

"When he steals, may it be your heart and your kisses. Or whatever is of value from The Order when the opportunity presents itself."

The brotherhood bursts into cheers. I look at Sin and roll my eyes. I can't believe Leith is turning his best man toast into jokes about lying in court and stealing from The Order.

Leith holds up his glass for what I think is a final statement. At least, I hope that's what it is. He's still making me nervous.

"The traditional toast says, 'If you drink, drink deeply of the joy of your new life together.' While we all wish that for our happy leader and his bride, I say to everyone: drink deeply tonight in honor of them. Congratulations, Sin and Bleu. May we all know love that will push us above and beyond any limits standing in the way."

"Finally," I say beneath my breath as I bring my champagne up for a drink.

Sin laughs while drinking to Leith's toast. "Did you really think he would say something in poor taste?"

I heard the things Leith said to Sin in the ring the day they fought. There's bad blood there. "I only know one thing. Never trust a drunk holding a mic."

"Good point. But it's done now and all is well."

The toasts continue far too long. Everyone in the brotherhood wants to offer their congratulations and well wishes for our marriage ... and future children. There are so many toasts, I'm on my way to drunkenness without intending it.

We're nearing the last of the well-wishers when Sin puts his hand on my leg beneath the table. He leans over to whisper in my ear and his warm breath ignites chills down my body. "I can't wait to get you home."

He pulls away. He scans my face and leans back to take a look below the table. "What is that?"

"My Beretta."

"You're wearing a wedding dress with a gun strapped to your thigh?"

I shrug. "Almost every Fellowship member is gathered here. It would be crazy to not be prepared in case of an invasion."

"My wife has a pistol hidden beneath her dress. That is fucking hot."

"I might let you take it off me later."

Sin removes his hand from my thigh and takes my hand. "Dance with me, Mrs. Breckenridge."

I've been his wife going on two months and I still get chills when he calls me that. I hope it never stops.

We move to the dance floor and he takes me in his arms as we sway to the band's rendition of "The Way You Look Tonight."

"My husband is a very good dancer." His movements are smooth despite his amputation.

The solitary dimple makes an appearance. "Only when I have the right partner."

I follow Sin's lead. "I'm not a great dancer but I feel like I am when I'm with you."

"Everything we do in life is going to be great as long as we do it together."

"I know." I move closer and place my head against his chest.

I look forward to all the great things we're going to do together. I love being a wife but I miss being a daughter and sister. It hurts every day. "I wish Dad and Ellison were here. And both of my moms. I miss all of them so much."

"I know. I sometimes hear you cry when you're alone for your soaks in the tub."

He's given me those moments to myself. I appreciate him granting me the distance I need. He is my husband but those private times remain very important. "Thank you."

"For what?"

"For being you."

We dance but I'm preoccupied by one of the toasts a brother made. I'm hesitant to bring it up. I don't want to put a damper on the good time we're having but I can't help myself. "Todd Cockburn's toast was interesting."

"How so?"

"He called me your Bleubird."

"Purely coincidental."

"It's weird since that's what my mother called me."

"You crossed him off the list. He didn't pan out."

"I know."

Sin stops moving. I immediately worry I've angered him by bringing up the investigation during our wedding celebration.

"May I have this dance with my new niece?" Every hair stands on the back of my neck.

I don't have to see him to know it's Abram.

"It's fine," I say to Sin. He doesn't look convinced so I nod.

Abram can't hurt me for two reasons. First, I'm Fellowship, just as he is. I'm the wife of his future leader. Secondly, we're in front of the entire brotherhood. But I'm no fool. I'm quite aware the latter is the only thing assuring my safety for the time being.

I don't trust this man.

Abram takes my hand and leads me in a basic box step. Moving with him on the dance floor feels like dancing with the devil. "What do you want?"

"Nothing in particular. I just want to dance with my niece."

"Bullshit."

"Such a lady."

"And you're always such a gentlemen."

"Westlyn tells me you've been doing a lot of socializing with the women since your return."

"I don't know them. I need to remedy that if I'm to be any kind of leader."

"Stay away from my daughters."

His voice oozes acid. Good. I think it could be a sign he actually cares for his girls.

I barely know Evanna but Westlyn is becoming a dear friend. I've never had that before so I don't intend on giving up our friendship so easily. "Despite what you may believe about me, I'm not the enemy. I'm committed to The Fellowship and its well-being."

"You'll never convince me of that."

I'm suddenly shoved from behind, sending my body crashing into the psychopath. He breaks my fall and reaches out to grab the arm of the culprit-a small girl playing chase with three other children. "Whoa. Slow it down there, toots. You wouldn't want to knock your future leader's wife onto her bum in her pretty dress."

Toots. Toots? Toots! That's what my mother's killer called me before placing a pillow over my face.

It could be nothing. Or it could be something. Either way, I think I may be adding a new color of sticky note to my wall of suspects. One representing Abram Breckenridge.

Chapter Fourteen

Sinclair Breckenridge

I watch every move Abram makes with my wife. Every step. Every turn. I don't trust him with Bleu and I don't expect to any time soon. How can I when he had men hunting her as our enemy only a few short weeks ago?

I'm alarmed when I see her shoved against him-even if it's an accident by a small lass not looking where she's going. I instantly go into defense mode. I bolt across the temporary dance floor.

"Are you all right?"

"I was bumped by a little girl. I'm fine."

"I can see your husband is ready to have his wife returned to him."

Abram takes Bleu's hand and kisses the top. "Congratulations again on your nuptials. May you deliver many healthy sons and daughters as heirs to The Fellowship."

That son of a bitch.

Bleu yanks her hand from his. Her face pales. "Come dance with me."

She doesn't move so I encourage her with a tighter grasp. "Now, Bonny."

She comes but not happily. I pull her into a close embrace. She's stiff, not returning my affectionate hold. "I'm sorry. I shouldn't have allowed him near you."

It's my job to protect her, and that includes from Abram.

"He knows about my fertility problems."

She need not even think I've confided in him-or anyone else-about what's going on. "I haven't told anyone. I swear."

She relaxes.

"He had people investigating me. It wouldn't be difficult to put the pieces together if he saw my payments to the medical facility where I bank my eggs from the retrieval I did a couple of years ago."

"It doesn't matter what or how he knows." Unless he had us followed to the clinic in London. I'd better not find out that's the case. "Our fertility issues are our business. Not The Fellowship's and damn sure not his."

Bleu pulls away and her eyes connect with mine. "I'm adding him to my list of suspects."

She's not thinking clearly. "What motive would Abram have for killing your mother?"

"I don't know but I want to talk to Thane."

That can't happen. "That isn't a good idea."

"Why not?"

She has no idea what kind of shit she'll be stirring. A war waging between two leaders of The Fellowship will only weaken the brotherhood. That makes us vulnerable to attack.

"You can't go to my father and name his brother as a suspect for murdering the woman he loved. You need proof before you accuse a brother-especially a leader-of something like that."

"I know it isn't much to go on but that little girl who bumped into me ... Abram called her toots. That's the same name my mother's killer called me."

That's no kind of proof. Bleu's a former agent. I shouldn't have to tell her this. "Toots is a common name to call a child. It doesn't prove he's a killer."

"But a bite from a dog on his leg will. All I need is to see he doesn't have a scar and he'll be excluded. It's easy as that."

Abram is capable of a lot but in no way do I believe he's guilty of Amanda Lawrence's murder. Fingering him as her killer is a waste of time. And possibly detrimental to The Fellowship. There are huge problems brewing with The Order. We can't afford a breakdown in leadership right now.

"Bonny. I understand the importance of finding your mother's killer. You need closure and I desperately want that for you but you won't find it in naming Abram."

There's so much she's yet to learn. "You're new to The Fellowship so you don't understand what an enormous conflict like this between my father and his brother could cause."

I understand Bleu's thirst for revenge but her obsession has become a disease very much like the cancer that took her father. She's spent most of her life chasing something I fear will destroy her in the end. I can't-and won't-allow this to eat away her heart. I love her too much to let that happen.

She needs a diversion-one wrapped in a pink or baby blue blanket.

* * *

Our reception lasts well into the night. It's very late-or quite early, depending how you look at it-when Sterling takes us home.

I think Bleu has had more champagne than she should. And I'm certain I have. Tomorrow won't be gentle on our heads so I pull our bedroom drapes together. We won't get much light until later in the morning but I want the option of sleeping in without the sun giving any arguments about it.

I'm lying in bed when Bleu slips in next to me. She becomes still and releases a long sigh. "I love your mother to pieces but that was intense."

I expected no less. I knew Mum would go overboard.

I'm not sure Bleu fully understands what our extravagant wedding celebration represents. "Mum and Dad are pleased about our union. They approve of you and this reception was their way of conveying those feelings to the brotherhood. Because my parents are happy about our marriage, they command our people to be as well. Nothing less will be tolerated."

"I had no idea. I'll need to find a way to thank your parents, particularly Isobel, for going to such extremes to ensure my acceptance."

"You can cook for them sometime. That'll be thanks enough. They'll love your southern cuisine."

"I can do that."

We lie in bed, neither of us saying a word. The minutes tick by and I become increasingly nervous about broaching the subject of the IVF procedure.

I listen to her breathing for a moment to see if it's slow and steady. It's not. I whisper her name to gain her attention, but not wake her if she has fallen asleep.

"Mmm-hmm?"

Good. She's still awake. "Can we talk about the IVF?"

"Sure." The mattress dips as she moves.

I've practiced what I'd say in my head all day. "We must make a decision based on what's best for us in the present since we don't know what the future holds. The timing might not be ideal, but if we're lucky enough for the IVF to work, I will never look at our child and wish we didn't have him or her. And I don't believe you will, either. However, if we don't pursue it, we could spend the rest of our lives with regret. I'd like to do the embryo transfer now."

"You sound very decided."

"I am. I want our own child if there's a possibility to make that happen."

"I spoke to my sister today. She told me having a baby early was better than never. The word 'never' got stuck in my head and I thought about it all day. I was reminded that I'm not the only one in this marriage, so I have to consider what never having our own child means to you as well. I could only come to one conclusion. Early is a much better alternative to never. But that means if it's successful, I'm going to need your help with my plan. I won't be able to do it alone."

"Bonny. Have you yet to figure out that baby or not, you were never going to carry this out alone?" Even if I'd not made the arrangement with her father, I wouldn't let her go through with her plan. I never want her heart to carry the darkness that accompanies cold-blooded murder.

* * *

It's Monday-first day back to work following our reception. I'm not certain I'm fully recovered from the hangover. I'm never getting drunk on champagne again. Yesterday was brutal.

I'm leaning over the sink trimming my facial hair when Bleu comes into the bathroom, yawning and sleepy-eyed. The lass is definitely no morning person.

"I'm sorry. Did the buzz of my shaver wake you?"

She shakes her head. "No. I'm up because I'm going to work with you."

This is news to me. "Why?"

"Isobel wants me to become familiar with Breckenridge Incorporated. She says it's important for me to understand how it functions."

Mum is right. Bleu needs to have an understanding of how we run things so she's prepared when Mum's role is passed to her.

"Sterling will be here in forty minutes." Lie. He won't actually be here for another hour but I know how she is and I don't want her making me late.

"I'll be ready when he arrives."

Oddly, I like the idea of Bleu going to work with me. I miss her during the long hours I'm away so it'll be nice to have her near.

"I wish I could give you the tour but I have court. I'll need to use my morning preparing."

"No problem. I can find one of the Fellowship women to show me around."

"If not, I'll find someone for you."

My father approaches the building housing Breckenridge Incorporated as we near the entrance. He holds the door, surprise on his face. "What brings my beautiful daughter-in-law to the office so early this morning?"

"Isobel suggested I come down and have a look around, maybe become familiar with how things run."

"Ahh ... a very good idea. You could learn a lot from Isobel."

"I already have and I'm certain there's much more to come."

As much as my parents hate one another, even my father has to admit that my mum is his biggest supporter when it comes to leadership within The Fellowship. He may be the head but she is the neck. They were never fine examples to follow when it comes to marriage but leadership is an entirely different story. The two of them together could rule any kingdom.

We part ways with my father at the lift.

"How many floors does Breckenridge Incorporated occupy?" Bleu asks.

"Three through five are ours."

"The offices on those levels are filled by BI?"

"Aye. We have a lot going on around here."

"I'm beginning to see that."

"I would think you'd already be privy to the business here after watching us for so long."

"We had no idea it was this extensive."

"Good. That means we've kept things on the down-low, which is exactly what we want."

It's early so we pass empty desks on the way to my office. "Welcome to the legal department."

We go inside and Bleu immediately looks around. She isn't interested in the cool gray walls, contemporary office furniture, or shelves of law books. Her eyes go straight for the leather sofa. "You have a couch in your office?"

"Aye, and I've spent quite a few nights on it." But not a single one since we've been married. There's been no need. I want to be at home in bed with my wife every night.

She narrows her eyes at me. "You better mean sleeping."

"It was mostly tossing and turning. Being at the flat without you was miserable but the nights were even worse. I worked myself ragged trying to get you out of my head. I slept here so I didn't have to go home to our empty bed."

"That's sort of sweet."

I move to stand behind her and place my hands on her hips. I use them to drive her toward the couch until the front of her thighs are pressed against the arm. "You should know I have every intention of fucking you on this sofa. I think we should christen it right now."

"At seven in the morning when your assistants could come into work at any minute?"

"Linsey is always the first one here but she never arrives before a quarter after-just like clockwork. That gives us fifteen minutes."

I reach beneath her skirt and kiss the back of her neck as she twists to look at me over her shoulder. "Who is Linsey?"

I slide my hand up the back of her thigh. "My paralegal."

She grabs my wrist, stopping me from going further. "You've never talked about her."

And I don't wish to now, either. "I've had no reason to. We never discuss my job."

"How long has she worked for you?"

I'm not surprised my wife wants details. I would if she were working side by side with a man I didn't know.

"When I was in law school, Linsey came forward and volunteered to be my paralegal when I became defender for the brotherhood. The Fellowship sent her to college where she was properly trained to be my legal assistant."

"So this has been in the works for years?"

"Yes. Only men must choose a service to The Fellowship when they come of age but some women do as well-the ones who want to work and contribute by means other than being claimed and taken care of by a man."

"I'm sure it was a painful choice on her part to volunteer to be up your ass every day. Let me guess. She isn't married?"

"No, but I am. Happily."

I know where Bleu's going with this. She's suggesting Linsey volunteered as a close contact so she could pursue snagging me. And my wife's absolutely right. Linsey has confirmed that as her intention on more than one occasion.

Complete honesty. It's the only way to handle this.

"She has tried to fuck me but I turned her down."

Bleu twists in my arms so we're face to face. "Since we've been together?"

"Technically, we weren't together. She didn't come to work for me until after I finished my traineeship. It happened after you were back in the US."

"She had no idea I left you. As far as she was concerned, we were still a couple when she tried to sleep with you. That's a betrayal against me."

I was wrong. She's not jealous. She's angry.

"You should know now that Linsey and I will be having our own Fellowship meeting later today."

I look at the clock and see we've wasted three of our fifteen minutes having this asinine conversation. "Fine. You're to become her leader. Handle it the way you think you must. Until then, shut up and kiss me," I growl before my lips crash against hers.

She doesn't push away. Instead, she melts into my arms.

Her mouth tastes minty fresh but it's not what I'm craving. "Turn around."

I help her twist so she's facing the sofa again. I put my hand between her shoulder blades and push them down so her bum is bent over the arm-right where I want it. I glide my hand over one cheek before lifting it and bringing my palm down against it playfully, but with enough force to catch her attention.

She squeals. "Oh! What was that for?"

"I want your full attention on us and what we're about to do. Your wild imagination conjuring things that have not happened has no place here. Understand?"

"Aye," she says, a giggle escaping.

I laugh at her use of the word I so often say to her. "Good. I'm happy we're on the same page."

I lift the bottom of her black skirt so her bum is exposed. She's wearing pink knickers, the ones barely covering anything. No surprise there. I saw her put them on when she was getting ready this morning. They made me hard then and they're making me hard now.

I glide my palm over the silky fabric barely covering the cheek I spanked. "I've spent a lot of nights on this couch wondering where you were and imagining what I'd do to you if I ever got you like this."

"And now that you have me where you want me, what are you going to do?"

I glide my middle finger down her cleft, only the fabric of her knickers preventing me from pushing my finger inside. "Things so dirty they should never be done in the light of day."

She straightens her arms and presses them into the cushion of the sofa, bracing for what's to come.

I look at the clock and then at the open door. Fuck! I should have closed it. My mistake. But in my defense, I didn't know we were going to have a conversation about a sofa that would spark me bending my wife over its arm for an early-morning shag.

I'm wrestling with the choice of dragging Bleu's knickers to her knees or helping her upright and offering a rain check for my dirty deeds.

My decision is made for me when I hear the closing of Linsey's desk drawer, announcing her arrival. No kidding. She's been working here for months and has arrived at a quarter after on the dot every single day. Until now. She's nine minutes early. "Un-fucking-believable."

Bleu looks over her shoulder at me. "What?"

"She's in early today."

Bleu drops her head and sighs. "Dammit. I was so looking forward to seeing what you classified as an act so dirty it should never be done in the light of day."

I kiss the back of her head and pull her skirt down to cover her bum. I pat it lovingly before helping her to stand. "Later. You have my word."

"That's a promise I'll expect you to keep."

* * *

My wife is pleasant to Linsey when they're introduced but I don't mistake their meeting for anything other than what it is-the calm before the storm. Linsey has a special kind of hell waiting for her, and its name is Bleu Breckenridge.

Since I have last-minute preparations for court, I place Bleu in the capable hands of my mum's oldest and dearest friend, Treva, for a tour of the third floor.

I'm finishing up the final touches of my argument when my father appears at my office door. "Got a minute?"

I look at the clock. "I have exactly fourteen to spare."

"Good. What I have to say can be said in thirteen."

"That'll be all, Linsey."

"Yes, sir."

My father waits until the door is shut. It's his way. He never talks shop in front of anyone but those who sit at the leadership table. Doesn't matter how trivial. "You must be proud to see your wife showing an interest in BI."

"Of course. Mum was right to suggest Bleu make a visit."

"I agree. It's very important for Bleu to understand the business part of The Fellowship but as your wife, she has another very important job as well. Is she aware of the expectations placed upon her?"

I'm a little surprised my father is already bringing this up. "She knows and it's in the works."

My father grins. "Bleu's already pregnant?"

"Not yet, but she's agreed to work on it. We saw a doctor last week and he gave us the go-ahead." I'm not telling my father about Bleu's reproductive issues. It'll only cause unnecessary concern.

"My grandchildren will be Amanda's grandchildren. They'll each carry a small piece of her and me in them. You can't imagine how incredibly special that will make them to me."

I hadn't thought of that.

"Your mum will be so pleased to have a baby in the family. She adores children."

"I suspect as much." I'm certain my mum is itching to get her hands on a grandchild since all of her children were taken from her so young.

I understand my father did what he thought was right for The Fellowship but he was wrong. And I don't plan on repeating his mistakes. He needs to know this early on. "If we have a son, I won't take him from her."

"You don't have a choice. Your son must be raised in The Fellowship way."

"And he will be-raised by both of his parents."

"The brotherhood will not agree."

"Their approval is not a requirement."

"Your son will be a weak leader if he's not raised among strong councilmen."

My father is wrong. "I'm stronger with Bleu by my side. The same will be true for our children. End of story."

Chapter Fifteen

Bleu Breckenridge

Treva has shown me far more than I ever wanted to see on the third floor housing BI. The average person walking through would only see a nice business front. What they wouldn't pick up on is the slew of illegal activities happening behind the scenes.

They steal from thieves, terrorists, rival criminal organizations, and so on. I find myself justifying the acts they commit. The longer I'm one of them, the easier it is to turn a blind eye. The agent I was a year ago would never have done that.

I return to the legal department and to Sin's office. I sit in his chair and pick up the framed photo of us on his desk. It was taken at my initiation during the vow ceremony. He had just cut my hand, and then his own. Our fingers are laced, a trickle of blood oozing down our arms. It was such a primitive thing for him to do. And hot. I still remember how much I wanted him afterward.

My phone alerts me to a new message.

*Tied up with a client. Don't know how long I'll be. See you at home in a little while. Love you.*

Well, no christening the couch tonight. And no dirty deeds that should never see the light of day. Not that they would have anyway. It's already dark out.

I pull on my coat and situate my scarf so I don't freeze my ass off when I walk out into the frigid wind. It's going to take awhile for this southern girl to grow accustomed to the cold.

I leave my husband's office and find Linsey sitting at her desk. It's after five o'clock and she's the only one left-besides me.

"Linsey." She jerks at the sound of my voice. She's undeniably surprised to see me.

She clears her voice and does a terrible job of forcing a faux cough as I move toward her. She fidgets, straightening stacks of files on her desk, moving the same pile three times.

"Did you have a good day touring BI?"

"Very good, thank you."

I'm not like other women. I don't feed into female drama. I've never played their catty games and I won't now. But I strongly suspect this woman is hanging around the office to steal a moment with my husband. She needs to understand that's unacceptable and I won't tolerate it.

I wheel an empty chair from a neighboring vacant desk into Linsey's space. I sit so we're facing one another.

My original plan was to get in her face, threaten her with bodily harm if she ever tried that shit with my husband again. The scene played out in my head most of the morning. But my plan has changed. The strong woman Sin needs by his side wouldn't deal with this situation in that manner.

Leadership isn't a position or title. It's action and example. Everyone is watching to see how I'll react to the problems thrown my way.

"Say my name, Linsey."

"Mrs. Breckenridge." Her eyes are large, her voice unsteady.

"Correct. I'm Mrs. Breckenridge. That means Sin has a wife so there's only room for one woman in his bed."

"I ... "

I hold my hand up to silence her. "Distrust is our only defense against betrayal. And I'd like to thank you for making it clear early on that I should never trust you."

"I don't know what you mean." There's little that annoys me more than a woman playing dumb.

"Sin will be leader of The Fellowship when Thane steps down. I'm his wife. That will make me your leader. You've already lost my trust. Do you really want to lose my respect as well?"

She fidgets in her chair. Her legs bounce. She bites her bottom lip.

"I know what you think of me but you're wrong. I'm not like those women who want to be claimed. I didn't volunteer for this job so I could be close to Sin and make a place for myself at the top of the hierarchy. I want to work and be independent so I don't have to count on a man for everything."

I watch her body language as she speaks. I think she's telling me the truth but I suspect there's more to the story.

"That sounds all well and good until you factor in the part where you tried to sleep with Sin while I was away. I'm a firm believer that when someone shows you who they are, you're wise to believe them."

She looks defeated. "I didn't want to do it."

"Elaborate."

"Abram made me," she says.

That son of a bitch.

"What were his instructions?" I ask.

"He told me to fuck Sinclair until he forgot you."

That bastard knew Sin loved me and would come for me.

"You realize you're betraying Abram by confiding in me?"

"I value your trust and respect more than his. I'm hoping you'll see it as a gesture of good faith. And perhaps come to forget what I did."

Linsey isn't stupid. She understands loyalty to Abram won't serve her well for long since Sin will be replacing him soon.

Abram is cunning. I'm sure he made this woman feel as though her only choice was to carry out his orders.

Harry taught me that honorable people choose to restore dignity in others. "I think it's possible we can put this behind us. But remember-you can't ask for trust. It can only be earned."

"I understand."

"Good. I think this was a very productive meeting." I get up and return my chair back to its home. "Would you like to walk out with me?"

"I think I would."

She gathers her things and we step onto the lift together. "The other Fellowship women, I mean the ones you've spent time with this week, like you very much. I see why."

"I'm happy to hear that."

We stop in the lobby of the BI building to bundle up before stepping out into the cold. "Want to share a cab?"

"My sister is picking me up. We have a standing date for dinner every Monday night. You should join us."

Sin has no idea how long he'll be tied up. I don't really want to go home to an empty house.

"I'd like that very much."

* * *

After dinner, I part ways with Linsey and her sister. Sterling is busy with Sin so I'm left with cabbing it home.

The wind is brutal. I immediately want to return to the warmth I've just left. I pull on gloves and shiver in the faint drizzle. Though it's not enough for an umbrella, I lift my hood to cover my head since it'll eventually accumulate and leave me with a wet head.

I walk to the edge of the street to hail a taxi. Thank God I don't have to wait long. I'm chilled to the bone.

I call out my address to the driver. His voice comes over the speaker into the back of the cab. "I'm sorry. Can you repeat that?"

It's the accent. I think Scots ask me to repeat things so they can get another listen and try to peg where I'm from.

I open my mouth to repeat my address and see Abram leaving the same restaurant. He gets into the taxi in front of us.

Sin says I must have proof if I'm going to name Abram a suspect. There's only one way to find proof. I must investigate him. "I've changed my mind. I'd like you to follow that cab in front of us instead."

We leave the financial district. We take a bazillion side roads, finally landing in a small village on the edge of the city. Abram's taxi stops in front of a tiny stone cottage. "Drive past slowly."

This doesn't look like the psychopath's type of hangout. He enjoys the finer things in life so I'm intrigued by what would bring the high-and-mighty Abram to this neck of the woods.

I duck low in the back seat and watch him walk toward the cottage's front door. "Pull forward and I'll get out two cottages down."

I backtrack to the house and note it's a private residence. He's visiting someone. Who?

I doubt this will benefit my investigation at all but one important lesson I learned from being an agent: a discovery can seem entirely unrelated and then turn out to be the crucial piece of evidence to blow the lid off.

I'm covered by darkness so I don't fear gaining the attention of the neighbors as I dart around to the back of the stone cottage. I tiptoe across the damp grass but I don't have far to go. The backyard is tiny, as most are in Edinburgh.

I listen for a moment and then peek through the window of the back entrance. No sign of Abram or his host.

I turn the knob and discover it's locked. No problem. I've been picking locks like this since I was thirteen.

I take my lock-picking instruments from my purse. I consider them a staple for my handbag, the same as some women carry lip gloss.

I insert the tension wrench into the lower portion of the keyhole. I put the pick into the upper part and rake the pins. In under a minute, music to my ears as the tumbler clicks over. "Boosh."

That was too easy. No way this place belongs to someone from The Fellowship. Or any other criminal organization. There's no deadbolt or barrier preventing a home invasion. The person living in this place isn't concerned with such things.

I slowly crack the door. The creak of hinges is the only sound. No voices. Odd.

I move through the kitchen, coming to a sudden stop when my weight causes the floor beneath my feet to creak. Damn these old buildings.

No one is in the living area. That's where one would expect a visit to occur. Again, odd. Until I hear the sound from the room at the end of the hallway. Grunts. Moans. Rhythmic squeaking. I can't mistake it for anything else. Sex.

Well, well. The psychopath has a lover. And I'd bet my ass she isn't Fellowship. No way a woman from within the circle would stay in a dump like this when she knows Abram could put her up in the finest flat in Edinburgh.

I don't need to see what's happening. I'll vomit if I do. I creep out the same way I crept in.

I sit on the bench at the bus stop on the corner and pull my hood tightly over my head. I wrap my scarf around the lower half of my face for warmth. And concealment.

Abram leaves ten minutes later. Not a cuddler, I suppose. No shock there.

My mind goes into brainstorm mode on the best way to connect with this woman. Sometimes it's like hiding in plain sight. The most obvious is the most oblivious. I'll just knock on her door.

A beautiful blond in a silky night robe answers.

"Hello. I'm so sorry to bother you but I'm trying to find the Croft residence."

"I'm sorry. I don't know them but I haven't lived in this neighborhood for long." She points to the cottage to her left. "Maybe you want to check with the Mrs. Darrow next door. She knows everyone in this area-along with their personal business."

Sounds as though Mrs. Darrow may be a busybody who likes to gossip? "Thank you. I'll do that."

I make a beeline to the neighbor's home, an exact replica of the nearby cottage. "Hello. I was just next door but it seems your neighbor isn't home. I'm trying to find out who owns the property."

"And why would ye be wanting to know that?"

"I'm sorry. I should have explained myself. I was told the house would be going on the market but I don't see a sign with contact information. I'm hoping to make an offer before anyone else shows interest so I might secure it at a better price."

"Are ye married?"

"Aye." I quickly use my thumb to flip my huge diamond around so it's facing inside. I flash my left hand. "Happily."

"Children?"

"No."

"Good. I'd like to get someone quiet in here to take her place. Her name is Cameron Ewart. I have her number if you'd like it."

"Yes. That would be wonderful."

She opens her door wider. "Come in, lass."

"You'd likely do better reaching her at night. The lazy bag of bones stays up all night and sleeps all day. Worthless."

I follow her into her kitchen. She takes out a notepad from a drawer and scribbles her neighbor's name. She finds a second notepad and copies over her contact.

"I'm Mrs. Darrow, by the way."

"I'm Joanna Glenn. It's a pleasure to meet you."

And that's how it begins. The unraveling of a detailed story about Cameron Ewart follows. I learn far more than I dared hope about the woman Abram came to visit.

At first glance, none of it appears to help my case but there's room for deeper investigating.

Sin won't like it. He's not yet in a place where he's able to see Abram for the monster he is. That'll come. With proof.

I have a plan but I'll need help. I can't depend on Sin for that. But Isobel is a different story. She hates Abram as much as I do.

I won't be finding a taxi for a lift home in this village. I take my phone from my purse. "I need to see you-without Thane. And I could use a ride."

* * *

Isobel has made tea. I smell it the minute I step inside her house. Mint-my favorite.

"Come. We'll take tea in the sitting room."

The sitting room is an indulgent space, clearly a woman's territory. Lavish rug. Exquisite furnishings. Delicate, feminine accent pieces. Isobel's style is understated classy. Unlike Abram and Torri's ostentatious home.

She places a cup and saucer on the cocktail table. I already know she has prepared it to my liking. She's thoughtful that way.

"Thank you." I wrap my cold hands around the warm cup and sip. It feels good on my throat.

She already knows I'm here about Abram. I told her that much over the phone. "I assume ye've discovered something good since ye wanted tae see me without Thane?"

I'm not sure what my findings could lead to but my instincts tell me I'm on to something. "I followed him today."

The corners of her mouth turn up, her expression telling me she approves of my actions-unlike Sin. I'm certain he'd be very angry with me. "And?"

"He went to a house in East Lothian and had sex with a woman. I don't think she's Fellowship."

Isobel sputters tea. "I'm not sure I want tae ask how ye know this."

"It's possible I may have picked the lock and entered the house through the back door." I shrug. "Maybe."

She no longer approves. I know by the way she's looking at me. It's the same expression Harry used to give me. I think it can only be mastered by a parent. "That was a risky thing tae do."

Isobel is worried for my safety. I love her dearly for that. "I was in and out in a snap."

"I understand the extent of training ye've had in this type of thing, but it doesn't stop me from being concerned for ye. Especially when Abram is involved. He's dangerous."

"I know." I trust Isobel. I can confide in her. "I've added him to my list of suspects."

"What's led ye tae that conclusion?"

I explain why Abram has popped onto my radar. "Sin says I can't accuse Abram without concrete proof but I think I may know how to get it. This woman is having sex with him. She'll know if he has a scar on his leg."

"How do ye plan on getting her tae tell ye this?"

"Asking won't work." This is where the plan gets a little hairy. "So I'll do it by force. At gunpoint."

"Oh, Bleu. I don't know about that."

"I've had a gun pointed at my head before." I've not yet forgotten the way it felt when Sin held that pistol to my jaw and threatened to blow my brains out. "It greatly improves your motivation to talk."

"When would ye do this?" she asks.

"I was thinking the best time would be when Sin's called away in the middle of the night on Fellowship business. It happens at least once a week. He'll be gone until morning. I could slip out and be back before he comes home."

"Are ye sure ye want tae do this behind Sin's back?"

I wish I didn't have to. "He doesn't support me where this is concerned."

"The girl will tell Abram it was an American."

"I've been practicing my accent." It's not great but it's better than Ellison's.

I spout off a few lines in my best impression. Isobel's expression becomes pained. "Oh dear."

"That bad?"

"Aye. It's fairly awful."

I thought I sounded decent. "I can keep practicing."

"She's a Scots. She'll know a phony." She sighs. "There's only one solution. I'll go with ye and do the talking."

I can't bring Isobel into this. If Thane found out, it could cause huge problems for her. "I can't involve you."

"The girl will know you're American. There's no mistaking that sweet, southern voice. Then Abram will know. That can't happen."

Shit. She's right. My goose is cooked if Abram figures out I'm on to him. He won't want to be exposed to Thane as his beloved's killer. He'll go to extreme measures to avoid proof of his guilt. That includes silencing me.

"There's a new battle brewing with The Order. We expect them tae strike at any time. When they do, Thane and Sin will be called out tae deal with the aftermath. That's when we make our move."

* * *

I'm face down on our bed. Sin's body is stretched over mine, pressing my front into the mattress. He's kissing my neck while caressing my body. Goosebumps erupt on the top of my head and spread downward. My back arches as though it has a mind of its own. The ways he can get my body to respond is amazing.

His mouth moves over my ear and he taps my hip. "Lift."

He shoves two large pillows beneath my stomach and pushes my legs forward so I'm kneeling with my head down. "This is new."

"I'm going to fuck you like this."

He's still not made good on his dirty deed promise. Is this going to be him fulfilling that?

He begins at my shoulders and scatters kisses down my back until he reaches my bottom. The bed dips as he grasps the back of my thighs and pushes them up and apart. For a moment, I almost wonder if he's going to stand me on ... Ohh!

My thought is interrupted and I go completely stupid when he rubs me where he never has before. Is this what he meant by dirty? Because it is. And I like it.

He licks my clit and drags his tongue through my center. That, and the massage of his finger at the same time, is overwhelming. Torturous, even. It's simultaneously more than I can stand while I want to beg for more.

Sin's phone rings and vibrates on the nightstand.

No. No. No. Not right now.

Everything he's doing to me stops. And I'm left hanging. It's horrid.

"I have to take this."

"I know."

He growls as he leans over me to retrieve his phone. "Aye. Got it. I'll be there in twenty."

I roll my hips, rubbing my bottom against his hard cock. "Make it thirty."

He drops the phone on the bed and reaches over into the top drawer of his nightstand. "This will have to be the expedited version since I can only give you ten minutes."

I hear the buzz of a once very familiar sound. "I found this in your knickers drawer. I think we can put it to good use."

It's my bullet.

His long arm reaches around to press it between my legs as he thrusts into me from behind. He's stroking my G-spot on the inside as the bullet vibrates against my clit. It's ridiculous how fast I come. Record time. While that's good, it's not because it's over far too soon.

The onset of my orgasm ignites his. It always does.

He burrows into me hard and fast, shoving my head against the headboard. "Sorry."

He may be apologetic but he doesn't stop, not until he has completely emptied himself inside me.

His body is stretched over mine, his chest and stomach wet with sweat so his skin sticks to me. "Don't go."

He kisses the back of my neck and I know it's because he's going to get up. "I have to, Bonny. It's Fellowship business. And it's serious-not just a brother being charged by the authorities."

Isobel predicted this. "What has happened?"

"The Order went into Duncan's after closing. They tried to take Lorna and Greer but didn't realize Leith was in the back. He came out when he heard their screams and shot two of them dead. The other one escaped."

Three Order members thought they were preying upon the weakness of two helpless women. They seem to have a habit of doing that. "Lorna and Greer are okay?"

"Aye. A bit shaken up, though."

"What would've happened if Leith hadn't been there?" I know for a fact that he isn't always around when Lorna and the girls close up.

"The women of this brotherhood are vulnerable to attack. Has anyone ever considered it beneficial to teach them basic self-defense?"

"We protect our women."

I have to call bullshit on this sexist thinking. "The duty of a good shepherd is to protect his flock but wouldn't a better shepherd teach his sheep how to become lions when attacked?"

"My wife, the advocate supporting equal arse-kicking skills for all."

"Are you laughing at me?"

"I wouldn't dare."

"I think you do. Often."

He kisses me quickly. "Not this time, Bonny. I like where you're going with this. Make it happen. You have my full support."

We get out of bed at the same time and I stand in the bathroom entrance while he dresses, my heart pounding.

This doesn't seem a likely retaliation for Sin killing Grieve's son. I'd expect something much bigger. But I'm not bringing it up. I don't want Sin distracted when he goes out.

"What are you going to do?"

"Not sure yet. They came onto Leith's turf. I suppose I'll let him decide."

I'm aware of Sin's experience in such things but it still makes me uneasy. And I'm nervous for Leith.

"Is Leith prepared for something like this?" I wasn't aware he had any experience with this side of The Fellowship.

"He can hold his own. And he has me covering him."

Leith is one of Sin's best friends. I know he'd take a bullet for him but I don't plan on being a young widow. "You have a wife now. That means you have to be more careful than ever before."

He grins up at me as he slides his gun into his harness. "Aye. And I'll soon have a baby on the way. I want to be around for that as well."

"I know Lorna would appreciate you looking out for Leith."

"I'm sure she would."

"Leith loves Lorna. I don't know how you've not seen what's clear as day."

"He may, but I'm not sure he can ever return her affection."

"Why not? Has something happened?"

"There's a lot of history there."

We don't have time to discuss it now but I plan to revisit this later.

He comes to me and grasps my upper arms. He kisses the top of my head. "I have to go. I love you."

"I love you too. Happy two-month anniversary."

"Best two months ever."

I put my arms around his middle and squeeze. "Come back to me safely."

"Always."

I go to the window and watch him pull away before texting Isobel. A moment later, she calls. "I'll be there in ten minutes."

* * *

"I'm not used tae doing things like this so we should probably go over the details one last time."

Of course, Isobel has never done anything like this. She's the wife of a leader. They'd never allow her to dirty her hands this way.

I give Isobel one last run-through of everything we're going to do. "Think you got it?"

"As good as I'm going to, I'm afraid."

We park the car at the village's market and walk to her cottage. We creep into Cameron Ewart's backyard. I pick the lock and spray the door hinges with lubricant before pushing it open. I go first, creeping through the house with Isobel following close behind.

I shine my flashlight on the cracked plaster walls. Some are nearly a half-inch in diameter. I missed those during my first visit. What a dump.

If Abram's going to take a lover, he needs to provide for her better than this. Cheap bastard.

I recall the creaking boards in the ancient floor-and find new ones. I motion for Isobel to step over them while making our way through the house.

The woman is asleep so I quickly place a strip of tape over her eyes. Yeah. It's gonna hurt like hell coming off. She'll probably lose half her eyelashes and brows. I'm sorry for that but it's the best way to keep her from seeing us.

She lets out a blood-curdling scream and comes up fighting. I restrain her in a chokehold.

I nod at Isobel, her cue to begin the speech she's memorized. "We're not going tae hurt ye, Cameron. I only want tae ask ye some questions."

The fighting ceases. "What do you want?"

"I need some information about Abram," Isobel says.

"I don't know who Abram is." Perfect. He's convinced her to lie about knowing him. This was expected but this woman needs to understand something. I have ways of making people talk.

"He came here three nights ago. Ye had sex with him."

She laughs. "I have sex with a lot of men."

"I'm only interested in knowing about one of them. Abram."

"I never get their real names."

Isobel and I look at one another and I shrug. I mouth, "Prostitute?"

Isobel shrugs back. "He was here on Tuesday night just before six o'clock. Fifties. Tall. Muscular. Salt-and-pepper hair. Blue eyes. Always wears an expensive suit."

"Aye. Nice-looking older guy. He always likes it rough. What do you want to know about him?"

"Describe the scar on his right leg."

She laughs. "Are you kidding me?"

"That's what I need tae know about, Miss Ewart."

"Look. I can tell you his dick is long, thick, and hangs to the left. But I can't tell you a thing about his leg."

I may have just vomited in my mouth a little.

"The scar would be very significant. You can't miss it," Isobel says.

"He never takes off his trousers. He makes me get on my hands and knees on the bed so he can do me from behind. Every time."

He isn't getting naked with her and rolling around in her bed. I'd bet money that's because she's a prostitute. He's only interested in one thing, and it doesn't involve cuddling afterward.

It's clear we're getting nothing from her but that doesn't mean she can't help me in the future. We came financially prepared for such a case.

Isobel takes a stack of cash from her coat pocket. "I'm leaving five hundred pounds and a contact number on the nightstand. Confirm the scar and ye'll get another thousand. Get a photograph and there's five thousand pounds in it for ye. Think ye can manage that?"

"I can damn sure try for that kind of money."

I release her and nod to Isobel. It's time to move.

"Call the number when ye have proof."

* * *

I'm in deep shit. Sin is sitting in the living room when I come through the front door. That's not fantastic. What the hell is he doing back so soon? I couldn't have been gone more than an hour.

"Where the fuck have you been, Bonny?" he yells. I jerk because I'm so startled by the authority of his voice. He's never yelled at me. I don't care for it.

He won't approve but I won't lie to my husband about what I was doing. "I was following a lead."

"A lead that required you to slip away in the middle of the night after I was called away to deal with a crisis?"

I might as well get it over with. "I knew you wouldn't approve because it involves Abram."

He holds up my phone. "You left this here."

"I didn't want a record of my whereabouts in case Abram is tracking it."

"Do you have any idea what has gone through my head while I've been waiting? I have a slew of men out searching for you. I'm relieved you're back but now I have to call them off. They're going to know you slipped out of the house to do something while I was away. Do you know how that looks?"

I appear deceitful. And I guess I am. I never considered that because I didn't count on being caught. "I'm sorry."

He comes to me and wraps his arms around me tightly. "I decided it was a bad idea to leave you alone so I sent one of my men back to stay with you. I lost it when he called to say you weren't here. I thought The Order had taken you."

I cradle his face in my hands. "I'm fine."

He presses his forehead to mine. "I've never been so fucking scared in all my life. Ever."

"I'm really sorry."

He pulls away and is looking at me like he might want to give me a good shake. "You're part of The Fellowship now. You can't do shit like this. I don't even want to think about what The Order might do if they got their hands on you."

"I can take care of myself."

"I'm tired of hearing you say that."

"I keep saying it because it's true." And because he ignores it.

"You're my wife. I want to be the one to take care of you."

Why can't he see that he does? "You do. Every single day."

He sighs. "Tell me about this lead that was so important."

I reiterate the details of the night I followed Abram and tonight's events.

"Good God, Bonny. I can't believe you involved my mum."

"I turned to the only person I could."

He looks hurt. "That's not true."

"It is. You don't want to hear what I have to say when it comes to Abram."

"I'm asking you to please not do anything like this behind my back again. If you have something you want to investigate, come to me. We'll do it together. That's how I want to do everything in our lives. Always."

I have Debra's services. I think I'd be wise to utilize her for such things as dealing with Cameron Ewart.

He kisses me hard. "Be in that bed naked and waiting for me when I come back."

I love when he tells me that.

He grabs my ass and squeezes hard. "Be prepared, Mrs. Breckenridge. You have penance to pay."

Chapter Sixteen

Sinclair Breckenridge

We saw Dr. Paschall a week ago. He assures us we've made the right decision in moving forward with the IVF. I hope so. This is too big to screw up.

It's day one of Bleu's fertility injections. She stands in front of the bathroom mirror with the bottom of her T-shirt rolled up and tucked in the top of her bra. She's holding a syringe in one hand while the other pinches up a patch of skin on her stomach. "You're going to have to do this for me."

Oh hell no, I'm not. "You're the one they taught. I don't know how to give a shot."

"I can't stand the thought of driving this needle into my own skin."

"I'll call Jamie."

"I'm taking these three times a day. Jamie can't come here every time my injection is due. You're gonna need to man up and do this for me just as I did for you."

I don't have a clue what she's talking about. "Just as you did what for me?"

"I gave you your morphine injection."

"When was that?"

"After the endurance."

I had no idea. "Well, you owed me that much after I was nearly beaten to death for you."

Oh God. She has the attitude face. It came on as quickly as watching a background change mid performance of a play. "And you owe me this if you want me to have babies for you."

And she has the drama to accompany it. "Don't act like having babies is only for me. You want the cute little buggers too."

She softens. "I know."

She's done this before. She should be used to it. "Who gave you the injections when you did your other retrieval?"

"My sister-who is a registered nurse. Ellison popped it in there like it was nothing and went about her way. No big deal."

"Well, it's a big deal to me."

"It's really not. I thought it would bother me giving you the morphine but I realized it was nothing after it was over."

"Then do it if there's nothing to it."

She groans loudly. "It's different giving it to yourself."

"Fine." I go to her and hold out my hand. "Give me the damn thing."

I pinch her skin and gather my courage before inserting the needle into her abdomen. "I can't believe you have to do this three times a day for two weeks."

"Well, believe it, you big ol' baby. Fourteen days times three. That's forty-two injections, not counting the Lupron and HCG. So get prepared, Dr. B. You're going to be a pro before this is over."

She's taking way too much pleasure in this. "I don't want to be a pro. There's a reason Jamie's the doctor and I'm the lawyer. Speaking of which, what are you planning to do about this when I'm working?"

"I can run by the office when it's due."

I won't always be available. "What about when I'm in court?"

"I'm sure Isobel wouldn't mind helping me."

"Have you told her?"

"No, but I will if I need to. Have you told anyone?"

"My father brought up the heir topic. I told him we were trying, minus the method in which we would make it happen. There's no need for them to know that part unless they have to."

I'm not telling her he asked if she was aware of her other job-producing an heir. That would only piss her off.

I wrap my arms around her from behind. "I need to go so I'm not late for work."

She twists in my arms for a goodbye kiss. "See you at one for my next injection."

"Today only. We'll need to work something else out for the others."

Yeah, right. Who am I kidding? I'll give her every single one of those injections if that's what she wants from me. I owe her that much.

* * *

The next two weeks are chaotic. Needles. Medications. More needles. Hormones. Volatile mood swings. If I didn't know the side effects of the hormones ahead of time, I'd think Bleu hated me.

Dr. Paschall warned us that the severity of Bleu's syndrome might make her a more likely candidate for discomfort. She doesn't mention it but I suspect she's in pain. She's turned me down for sex more nights than not. That's not like my sexual butterfly at all.

Bleu flies to London and back every few days for blood work and ultrasounds to monitor her progression. I haven't been able to go with her so she's had to experience the majority of this process without me. That's not what I wanted.

She's done this before. I suppose that has made this time a little better but I'm disappointed I wasn't able to be with her every step of the way. It's another example of how she takes care of herself when I, her husband, should.

But I'm here with her now. We're at the clinic for retrieval day so we're together. No negotiations.

Bleu has been sedated for the procedure. I'm rather enjoying our conversation about purple lollipops floating in the air when they come to take her back for the retrieval.

They have me wait in a holding area. It feels like she's been gone a long time but it's only thirty minutes when I check the clock.

"Mr. Breckenridge. We're ready for your contribution." Contribution. That's what they're calling it these days.

They're asking for my sperm. I'm guessing that's a good sign. It must mean they were able to retrieve viable eggs.

I follow the clinic employee down the hall. I'm left in a small room with one assignment-jack off into a cup. Shouldn't be too hard considering the dry spell I've had with Bleu.

I double-and then triple-check the label on the cup for accuracy before I do the deed. We can't afford a mix-up with this.

I wait at the collection window for someone from the lab. No way I'm throwing this in the window and leaving. I need to see it properly follow the chain of custody.

A woman appears and I hold up the bag. "My contribution." It's the term they used so I'm going with that. I doubt they'd appreciate me calling it what I usually do.

I'm taken to where Bleu is recovering. She's still sleeping so I sit at her bedside. I bring her hand up for a kiss. "I love you, Bonny Bleu."

She shifts slightly when the automatic blood pressure cuff squeezes. She lazily opens her eyes and looks at me.

"Hi, beautiful."

She grins. "Hi."

I get up and sit on the edge of the bed. "How do you feel?"

"A little crampy but otherwise okay." Her speech is slow.

They must've given Bleu some good drugs. She's barely stirred. "You've been sleeping like the dead."

"I'm very tired."

"I see that. I booked a hotel so you can rest until our flight this evening."

"Always so thoughtful. You take such good care of me."

Her eyes appear heavy. I think she's on the verge of dozing off again so I stroke my hand over her cheek. "Dr. Paschall came by. He said he was able to get ten eggs."

Her eyes pop open. "Ten? That's a really good number for me."

"Aye. Dr. Paschall was very pleased."

"You gave them your sperm?"

"Aye. It felt like every woman in the place was looking at me when I turned in my cup."

She laughs. "I'm sure they were looking at you and thinking how much they would've enjoyed helping you produce what was in the cup."

Bleu's nurse comes into the small recovery area. "How are you feeling, Mrs. Breckenridge?"

"Fine. Tired. A little crampy."

"All normal things." She removes the blood pressure cuff from Bleu's arm. "I have your discharge teaching instructions."

Bleu's eyes are closed again so the nurse looks to me. "Dr. Paschall wants to see her back on Friday morning for the embryo transfer."

Wow. This is happening. "We'll be here."

* * *

It's Thursday, my last day of work for the week. I'll be in London with Bleu tomorrow for our embryo transfer. I can't believe it. Dr. Paschall is going to insert two fertilized eggs into Bleu's womb tomorrow. She could officially become pregnant in less than a day.

I'm finished and shutting down my computer when Abram bursts into my office. No knock. "That motherfuckin' Order just raided our transport truck-the one carrying our supply for the Irish."

Oh hell. "How much did they get?"

"Everything! All the firearms. All the ammunition. And they killed our three men making the transport."

Un-fucking-believable. "How could they have known?"

"I don't know but it seems there's a songbird within our midst. Until I find out who's singing, I trust no one."

I run my hands through my hair. "This is a fine mess."

"Aye. We have to get those guns back or we risk our new relationship with The Guild, our new Irish comrades."

It's not an alliance we can afford to lose. "Aye. I prefer to call them friend than foe."

"We have two days to recover the firearms. I've organized a meeting for all the brotherhood to join at nine tonight."

I can't be there. Bleu and I are leaving for London. We have the procedure tomorrow. "I can't make the meeting. I have a flight leaving at eight."

"You don't have a choice. You're a Breckenridge. You will be there."

Why'd this have to happen now, of all times? "Let me see what I can work out."

"The only thing you'll work out is being at our meeting tonight. Nonnegotiable."

Abram walks out the door without further discussion.

Shite! What am I going to do? We can't postpone the transfer. Its success depends entirely on perfect timing. Tomorrow is it.

My secretary has already gone for the day so I call out to Linsey. "I need you to change my flight. See what's available to London early in the morning."

Ten. That's the best I can get. That only gives me an hour to get from Heathrow to the clinic. That'll be a tough one but I'll have to make it work.

"Book it."

Now I have to tell Bleu I won't be leaving with her tonight. I doubt that'll go over well.

I use the ride home to prepare what I'll say to her but I'm still clueless when I walk into our flat. "Bonny?"

"Back here." Her voice carries from our bedroom. I should've known that's where she'd be, doing last-minute packing.

I come into our bedroom. She looks up from the suitcase and grins. "I ask you again, sir. Would you like a suit? Suit? Or a suit?"

"I need to talk to you."

Her grin fades. "What's wrong?"

"I can't leave with you tonight."

She sits on the bed, my platinum suit falling into a heap on her lap. "Why not?"

"We've been raided. The Order has stolen a huge shipment of firearms intended for our allies with the Irish. It's a new alliance so it's unstable and reliant upon this transfer. We aren't in a position to blow it because we have to go through The Guild to get to The Irish Federation. They're our ultimate objective."

She's shaking her head. "I can't do this by myself, Sin."

"You won't be alone. I'm on a flight to London in the morning."

"But what if you don't make it? Any number of reasons out of your control could prevent you from being there."

I can't send her alone. "I'll ask my mum to go with you as a backup, just in case something happens."

"That means we have to tell her what we're doing."

"I'm okay with that if you are."

She's fighting the tears. I see it in the way she's blinking and looking up to the ceiling. "But I want you to be with me. It's not right for me to get pregnant without you."

I can't not laugh. "Well, I prefer you didn't get pregnant without me, either."

"It's not funny, Sin. You're my husband. It's your job to be with me every step of the way. And you haven't been."

She's right. It isn't comical at all. "I'm sorry. I shouldn't have made a joke about something so important. But I'm going to be there with you. I swear I'll make it happen."

Sterling and I drop Bleu and my mum at the airport. Saying goodbye is brutal. She's completely wrecked. I can't stand seeing my lass like this.

I've allowed The Fellowship to come ahead of Bleu-and our potential children. My choice is hurting my wife. I said I would never do that, yet I am. I'm such a bastard. I don't think I've ever hated myself so much. But I have every intention of making my absence up to her.

I arrive at Duncan's forty minutes before the meeting. I decide to take advantage of the free time to have a drink and private conversation with Leith. We have things to discuss.

Lorna is working tonight so she's our server. I don't have to tell her what I want or when to bring another. She's good at what she does.

"You took a particularly strong interest in being the one to go after the man who tried to take Lorna."

"They came into my place and shot it up when I wouldn't let him take my best barmaids. You'd have an deep interest too," Leith says.

"You sure there isn't something more to your insistence on going after him yourself?"

He gives me a confused look. "What are you getting at, Sin?"

I'm going to throw my wife's hunch out there and see what kind of reaction I get. "Bleu thinks you have feelings for Lorna."

He laughs. "That's ridiculous. I used to enjoy fucking Lorna, just like you did."

Jamie fucked Lorna too but he never mentions him. It's always my indiscretion with her that he points out.

"I told Bleu you weren't interested in Lorna."

"Good. I don't need your wife putting ideas in Lorna's head when they have no basis."

I'm not sure I believe him. "Lorna's been on her own since her parents were killed. She needs a husband's protection. I think the incident the other night was proof."

"I protected her."

"You did a fine job, but it's time she was home with a husband instead of here serving drinks half the night."

"Being married wouldn't have prevented what The Order did."

"No, but Lorna's a good friend. I want to look out for her."

"I look out for her."

I think Bleu is right. All the signs are there. My suggestion for Lorna to take a husband is pissing him off.

"Bleu wants the best for her friend. She has asked me to help arrange an advantageous marriage on Lorna's behalf since her parents are no longer living."

"Lorna's an adult. Do you really think she needs you to choose a husband for her?"

"Of course, she'll have the final say about who he is but I don't think she'll object to assistance in securing a good match."

"You've been up Bleu's arse for months. How would you know anything about Lorna or what would make her happy?"

"We spoke at Bleu's initiation. She was very forthcoming about her discontent," I say.

"She's probably disappointed you no longer fuck her in the back room."

He's being pure arse now. "That was a long time ago."

"That's news to me. I thought you shagged her anytime you felt like it."

"Not in years." I see he's surprised to be wrong.

"What about Jamie?"

"He stopped long before I did." Jamie never had much interest in Lorna.

Leith doesn't reply.

"She's a nice lass. She deserves to be happy."

"And you think finding her a husband will achieve that?"

"I don't know, but Bleu seems to think so. I'm a little inclined to think she could be right. They became good friends while working together so she has inside knowledge."

I think he's tossing the idea around. Time to throw the hook out for a reaction. "Bleu thought you'd make a good candidate. I had hoped to work on that with you tonight but I can see we were wrong."

"Yeah. You were." He brings his whisky up and tosses the entire thing back.

"I suppose I'll need to look elsewhere. Do you have any suggestions? Have you noticed any of the brothers showing special interest in her?"

"No."

"You work with her almost every day and you serve every brother on a regular basis. You can't think of a single one who might be a good match?"

"No."

"I'll ask around. She's very fit. I'm sure there's plenty of brothers who would love to have her for a wife."

"Whatever you think is best." Leith shoves away from the table.

He's in love with Lorna. I'm sure of it after seeing his reaction. Who could've imagined? My wife-that's who. I should call her matchmaker-dot-com.

I'm finishing my third whisky when my father takes his place to speak to the brothers. "The Order has struck again. They've done major damage." He explains the night's events. "We have no choice but to retaliate swiftly and take back what is intended for our new Irish allies."

There's a QandA session back and forth between the brothers and my father with Abram constantly interjecting his thoughts. He honestly cannot stand my father being his superior.

The Order has three main warehouses we know about. It's decided the brotherhood will divide into thirds and hit each location at the same time. They won't be expecting us to divide to conquer.

It's happening at five in the morning. Shit. That's only three and a half hours before my flight's departure time. That won't be easy to manage, even if everything goes perfectly.

I'm fucked.

I try to get a few hours' sleep so I'm rested for the attack but it's useless. I'm worried about Bleu and how I'll make it to the transfer tomorrow.

I call her before I leave to join my men. It's very early. I know she's asleep but I want to assure her one last time I have every intention of being there when our babies are placed inside her.

"I trust you, Breck. I know you'll be here."

I don't tell her about the coming raid. She doesn't need that kind of stress on her mind right before going in for this procedure. But my mum should know-just in case things go awry.

"Can you put Mum on for a minute?"

My mother answers. "Mum. I need you to know what's happening in case I don't make it in time. There's been an attack by The Order. They took all the artilleries for the Irish. As you know, we must get those back. I've stayed behind to lead one of three raids in a couple of hours. It's highly possible I won't make my flight. If that happens, I need you to be with Bleu through the procedure. Keep her calm. Tell her my flight was delayed-or whatever you feel you must-to keep her from stressing out."

"Of course, son."

"The baby has nothing to do with what The Fellowship expects. This is about us and what we want."

"I never thought otherwise."

"I want you to know I promised her I wouldn't take our son from her. I won't do what Dad did to you."

"I can't tell you how proud that makes me. But you should know now that decision is going to cause problems with your father and The Fellowship."

"I know, and I don't care. I love her too much to risk having her hate me for it."

I just hope she doesn't hate me if I don't make it in time.

* * *

Three raids on three Order warehouses. I'm leading one while my father and Abram are heading the other two. My team and I are assigned the least likely location for hiding our stolen goods. For once, I'm grateful about that-but not because I'm afraid of a fight. I'm more likely to make my flight if I don't get caught in the middle of a shootout.

I give instructions to each of my men and they take their positions. We're surrounding The Order's warehouse. At precisely five o'clock, I give the signal to attack.

We swarm into the metal building through two entrances, opposite one another. We're surrounded by cold steel gray on all six surfaces. The floor. The four walls. The ceiling. The bright yellow caution markers on the building's support beams are the only other color represented. Until blood sheds.

The place crawls with Order members so I give the signal to open fire. Return gunfire immediately erupts as my men push forward to invade the warehouse. It's heavy. This can only mean one thing: our artilleries for the Irish are being hidden here.

Shots rain all around me so I'm forced to back down and take cover behind a wooden cargo box. I crouch with my back pressed against it, searching my surroundings for an alternate route to advance upon my enemy.

The catwalk overhead is the perfect position for my four best sharpshooters. I motion for them to take the advantageous spot.

One of my men is running to join me when he goes down. I move quickly, grabbing beneath his arms and dragging him to safety. He clutches his chest, blood quickly saturating his shirt. "I'm hit."

"Aye." I tear his shirt open to assess the damage. I'm no doctor but I've seen a lot of gunshot wounds. Too many. I recognize how critical this one is. "It's just a flesh wound. Jamie can fix you up, no problem."

"You should know after being shot twice." He laughs but his laughter is interrupted by a weak cough. Dark red streams from the corner of his mouth. "I'm not going to make it. You don't have to pretend."

I don't know what to say. This man deserves better than to die on our enemy's cold concrete floor taking cover behind a wooden crate.

"Tell my wife I love her. And if our baby is a boy, she has to name him after me. Tell her I said so."

Oh God. His wife is expecting.

I shouldn't because we're in the middle of a shitstorm, but I feel obliged to reach into his pocket and take out his phone. "You can tell her yourself."

I hold the phone to his ear and try not to eavesdrop on what should be a private conversation between a dying man and his beloved. It's impossible, despite the sound of gunfire all around us.

The conversation goes silent on his end. His life is over, only to be carried on with the child his wife will bear.

I run my fingers over his lids, closing them. "I'll take care of your family."

I have a decision to make. Use my anger as an excuse to retaliate prematurely or take my time and react rationally with sound mind. The decision is clear.

I move to my stomach and position my rifle. I'm calm. Steady. One by one, from all directions, my men and I take down every member of The Order.

Gunfire stops after we've taken out the last one. "Find the firearms!" I shout to my brothers.

My men scour the building. Three are fallen. I go to each and confirm all are dead.

I assign men to collect the bodies. I never leave my brothers behind.

"Over here, Sinclair. You need to take a look at this." One of the brothers is standing inside the opened doors of a transport truck.

It's not our artilleries but these members of The Order were here protecting something special. "Open them."

Using crowbars, two men pry the tops off the wooden boxes. I push the straw away. "Well, well. It looks as though our good friends are looking to build bombs. Quite a few, judging by this."

I'm not educated about bombs and bomb-making but I'm aware we're damn lucky all that gunfire didn't detonate these explosives. We could've been blown to smithereens.

There's no way we're leaving this kind of weaponry in our enemy's hands. "Replace the tops. We're taking the trucks and everything inside."

I look at my watch. I need to be at the airport in two hours to assure I make my flight. "Let's move fast but take great care in the handling and transport of these crates."

My men do as I say but caution requires time. We can't rush moving explosives that could be unstable.

It's seven thirty by the time we make it to our new warehouse. We're the last group to arrive.

"What took so damn long?" Abram grumbles.

"You'll see."

The truck is backed into the warehouse and the tops of the crates are lifted. "We hit the jackpot."

"What is that?" my father asks.

"Bomb components. A lot of them." My gut tells me this discovery probably just saved a lot of Fellowship members. I'm guessing we would have been the targets.

My father slaps my shoulder. "This is an excellent find, son. Good job."

I look at my watch. It's seven forty-five.

"My flight boards in an hour and a half." I gesture toward my blood-soaked clothes. "I doubt I'll be allowed on like this."

"Hurry, son. Go be with your wife."

* * *

Dammit to hell. I cannot believe this shit. I busted my ass to make my flight on time-which I did-and now I'm going to miss being with Bleu during the embryo transfer because of a fucking delay.

My driver is holding a sign bearing my name when I come off the escalator. "There's five hundred pounds in it for you if you can get me to my destination in twenty minutes."

The race is on. It's impossible to make it on time but I'm hoping her admission and paperwork will take a while. I don't have to be there for that part. All I really need is to arrive before Bleu's taken back for the procedure.

I'm slung from one side of the car to the other as we make our way from Heathrow to the fertility clinic. I watch the time with a nervous lump in my stomach. It's hopeless unless we make up time somewhere, which is unlikely in London traffic.

Time ticks away. Traffic is horrid. Eleven o'clock comes and goes. Eleven ten. Eleven twenty. Eleven thirty.

"Can you help me find my wife? Bleu Breckenridge. She has an appointment for an embryo transfer."

"Mrs. Breckenridge is in room six. Down the hall on the right."

I knock and Bleu calls out for me to come in.

She's lying on an exam table, her head slightly elevated, with my mum sitting at her side. "I'll step out so you can talk."

I go to Bleu and take her hand. "I'm so sorry I'm late. My flight was delayed."

"Isobel told me."

Her eyes are swollen and red, her mascara smeared. "You missed it. You swore you'd be with me but you weren't."

I bring her hand to my mouth and kiss it. "I'm so damn sorry. It was a string of unfortunate events keeping me from you. I tried my damnedest to get here. I swear."

She stares at the ceiling without a reply.

"Please forgive me."

She closes her eyes and tears roll from the corners of her lids into her hairline.

"Are you in pain?"

"No."

That's all the reply I get.

"I'm such an arse. I should've moved heaven and earth to be with you. I know I let you down but please try not to be upset."

I rub my free hand atop her lower abdomen. "It can't be good for you or what's happening inside you right now."

"I'm angry with you but I'm going to put it aside for now."

"Don't worry. You'll get your chance to be pissed off at me-just not right now while our babies are trying to do their thing."

That brings a smile to her face.

"Dr. Paschall thinks everything went well?" I wouldn't have to ask if I'd been here.

"Yes."

"What's next?"

"They want me to lie still until they come back to release me. I'm to be on modified bed rest for the next twenty-four hours and then take it easy for a couple of days. No travels for a few days. No sex-not that you'd be getting any anyway. I'm too pissed off to even consider it."

She enjoyed telling me that. I suppose I can't blame her.

"I'm going to make this up to you." I don't know how but I won't stop until I find a way.

Chapter Seventeen

Bleu Breckenridge

I've spent the last two days in our London hotel's presidential suite. We've spent a lot of time here in the recent weeks. It sort of feels like a second home.

My husband has pampered me and seen to my every whim. But he owes me that much after being MIA for the transfer. I'm not over that-and won't be any time soon-but at least the urge to choke him has passed.

I'm lying on the sofa reading while Sin sits in the chair next to me flipping through a file. He's reviewing a case going to court in a few days. I should let him work but I don't want to. I feel like talking.

I place my e-reader on my stomach. "What happened Thursday night?"

He looks over the file at me. "You shouldn't concern yourself with it. You don't need the stress."

"Not knowing stresses me more than knowing. You should probably understand that about me now rather than later."

He sucks in a breath. "One of our trucks was raided by The Order. They took a large supply of firearms intended for a new alliance in Ireland-one that's instrumental in a bigger goal in Dublin. It was imperative to get the arms back. We didn't need that kind of ammunition to be in the hands of The Order but we also needed the supply to maintain our relationship with an organization called The Guild."

I can't recall anything about The Guild but I suppose I wouldn't if they're a new alliance.

"Did it go well?"

"We got the arms back and discovered a huge supply of bomb-making materials in the process. I believe they were going to target us with explosives."

"Was anyone hurt?"

"I lost three good men. One of them died in my arms while speaking to his pregnant wife on the phone."

"Oh God. That must've been brutal."

He doesn't reply.

My husband isn't an emotional man. He can't afford to be but I'm guessing even that might have touched him. Babies have a way of doing that to people.

"You'll see that this man's wife and child are taken care of?"

"Of course. He died under my command so I'll see to them personally."

He returns to studying his file. I don't think he wants to discuss what happened, but I do. I have things to say. "I forgive you for not being here."

He lowers the folder again. "You'll never know how sick I am that I missed it."

He's going to miss more than this one procedure before it's over. Of that, I'm certain. "Always do your best. That's all I ask of you."

"You and our family will always be my number-one priority but please try to understand that protecting The Fellowship means keeping you and our children safe as well."

I'm not fragile. I can handle the truth. "It's easier to be understanding when you know what's going on."

"I would've told you if the circumstances weren't what they were. I needed you calm. That wouldn't have been the case had you known what I was in the middle of."

The Order was once no concern of mine but all is different now. Everything they do impacts The Fellowship, thereby affecting my husband. That trickles down to me. I'm not okay with that. "The Order is a pest that must be squashed quickly."

My husband grins. "Agreed. I'm open to ideas."

"Debra could be very beneficial in dealing with The Order. She's a genius when it comes to organized crime. She had eyes on The Fellowship for years and you were none the wiser. Most importantly, she's a family friend. She can be trusted."

"Call her. Have her put on payroll immediately."

I thought he'd be interested. "She won't be cheap but she's worth every penny."

"Don't give a damn. Her fee couldn't possibly exceed the expenses The Order costs us."

"I'll let her know."

"We'll schedule a leadership meeting for early next week. She can join us. I hope she'll have some fresh ideas."

I have no doubt she will.

"Debra understands the criminal mind in ways I've never seen. I can't begin to comprehend the complexity of what she knows and understands. She's a total mind-fuck."

"I can't believe we've never heard of her."

"She's a phantom." I'd kill to be more like her.

"I would've loved nothing more than to go undercover within The Order." It would have been incredibly satisfying to have done something like that for the brotherhood I now consider "my people."

"I understand and respect your need to bring something productive to the table. It's one of the things I love so dearly about you but you'll have to find it in something that isn't dangerous."

"I can't help it. I thrive in dangerous situations," I say.

"Changing diapers can be dangerous stuff. Especially if we have a boy. I've heard those little buggers can open fire on you without any warning."

I'm used to action. I fear I won't find motherhood fulfilling. And I'm terrified to share that with Sin. "I have a lot to learn."

He moves to the sofa and pulls my feet onto his lap to rub them. "Being a mother to our children will be the most important mission you'll ever have. Never doubt that."

* * *

The two-week wait has been hell but it ends today. I'm at my local OB/GYN having my beta HCG test. It's the first in a series of blood tests to confirm whether I have conceived. If so, it will also confirm if the pregnancy is growing at a healthy pace.

They've drawn my blood and told me to expect the results in thirty minutes. More hell. It's the worst kind because I know the answer is imminent.

My name is called. My legs are weak when I stand to walk so I loop my arm through Sin's. He probably thinks I'm being affectionate but the truth is my knees could buckle at any time.

We're taken to an exam room and left to wait. Again. Torturous.

"God, I hope I don't have to get naked for this. I feel like I've shown my stuff to half the world."

"You could show it to me if you like. I haven't seen it in a really long time."

My mind isn't clear enough to come up with a clever response.

"Bonny. Are you okay?"

My heart is beating so hard I can feel it pulsating in my face. I hear it like a drum in my ears. I'm quite warm. Perhaps I should take off my sweater. "I'm nervous. That's all."

He looks so composed. It pisses me off he's cool as a cucumber while I'm a total mess. "There's no need to be."

"How can you be so calm?"

"Because I've made up my mind that we'll be fine no matter the result. You and I are always going to be okay. We don't need a baby for that." His mouth spreads into that lopsided grin I adore and it steadies my heart.

"God, I love you."

He doesn't get to reply because the door opens and a woman comes into the room. "Mrs. Bleu Breckenridge?"

"Yes."

She passes a folder to me. It looks like a list of dos and don'ts during early pregnancy. "Your HCG came back at one hundred and ten. Anything above one hundred is considered a good start."

I understand the lab value. I know what it means but I need to hear the words in English. "I'm pregnant?"

"Aye. Congratulations."

Sin leans over and puts his arm around me. He kisses the top of my head without saying a word.

The nurse smiles as she pecks away on a computer. "Have you been trying for a long time?"

"No. This was our first attempt."

"Way to go." She continues typing. "We'll need to see you back in three days to repeat the HCG and confirm it's climbing. They'll make your next appointment when you check out."

We're barely out of the clinic when Sin puts his arms around me. "I told myself it was fine if it didn't happen but that was because I didn't know I would be this happy if it did." He lifts me and spins around. "You are so precious to me and now the life you carry is too."

He returns my feet to the ground and kisses me hard, not caring who sees. "I love you."

"I love you too."

Sterling pulls into the circle drive in front of the clinic. We get in. "Put your seat belt on."

I do but I would've worn it anyway. "Unlike you, I always wear my seat belt."

I can see where this is headed. He's going to become ultra protective. Oddly, I don't mind. I know it's because he loves us.

Us. I can't contain the outward sign of the happiness that brings me.

"What are you smiling about?"

I shrug. "I have a lot to be happy about."

"Aye, we do."

I place my head against Sin's shoulder as Sterling drives us home. The previous weeks have been mentally draining. I haven't physically felt like my normal self. I guess I know why now.

It's raining. The cloud cover has robbed the day of what little sunlight it would've gotten. The dark skies make it too easy to doze off somewhere between the clinic and home.

I'm wakened by Sin's nudge and kiss to my cheek. "We're home."

"Sorry I fell asleep."

"Don't be. Your body is experiencing a lot of changes. It needs more rest than ever."

"How would you know?"

"Looking for a fertility clinic isn't the only research I've done."

If he's been researching pregnancy, then he's already ahead of me. "Perhaps I should check the history on your computer so I can catch up."

"You should do some reading on it. It's fascinating stuff."

We're barely in the door when he announces he has a present for me. "My birthday is months away."

He takes my hand. "No, not for your birthday."

He leads me to our bedroom and tells me to sit on our bed. "Close your eyes." He places something on my lap. "Okay. You can open them."

A gift-wrapped box is on my lap and a file sits next to me on the bed. "Open the wrapped one first."

I tear the pretty paper and lift the top from the box. "A baby book?"

"Yes, but it's also a journal. One section teaches you about the growth and development of the baby for each week. The other is blank for you to record what's happening with you."

"I've never been one to journal." My thoughts were always too dark to write down, but I like the idea of being inspired by this innocent life inside me.

"I thought we might read the growth section together each week so we both know what's going on with the baby's development."

"I'd like that very much."

I open the front cover and see he's already inscribed it to me.

Bleu-my bonny wife,

If you're reading this, then we were successful. I love and adore you with all my heart. You'll be a superb mum.

Love always, S

"I mean every word."

For the life of me, I can't figure out how a Fellowship-raised man can come up with such pretty words. They're to be cherished. He says it's all inspired by me but I can't see it. I don't feel like much of a muse.

He leans down to kiss me.

"I love it. Thank you."

"As I said before, the flat isn't where I want to raise the baby. I'd like to have a house before he or she arrives." He takes the file and flips it open. "This is a listing of all the houses on the market that fit the needs for our growing family. Pick your favorite and I'll buy it. If it's not in this folder, tell me what you want and I'll have it built for you."

I reach up to hold his face. "You are an amazing man. So loving. So giving. You're going to be a wonderful father."

Sin's mouth seizes mine with a new kind of passion. And possession.

His hand laces through my hair, holding me close so I can't escape. Not that I want to. I've missed this kind of closeness with my husband.

"You haven't touched me in weeks. It's been torment," I say.

"Not because I haven't wanted to. It's all I've been able to think about every other second." He kisses the side of my neck.

"I know." The doctor said no sex. He warned that uterine contractions could inhibit the implantation process.

"And I still can't have you for another week," he growls. "My palm is going to have calluses."

He's treated me so well the last two weeks, seeing to my every whim. I should do something to express my appreciation. "If I was a good wife, I'd find a way to help you with that little problem."

I move my hand to his belt to unfasten it. He puts his hand over mine. "We still can't."

"I know we can't." I touch my mouth. "But this can."

He moves his hand from mine and I feel him growing hard inside his trousers as I work to free him.

I push his pants to his knees before I get up. "Trade places with me."

We rotate so he's sitting on the edge of the bed and I'm standing over him. "Relax and enjoy. You don't have to do a thing."

"Wait. Will you put your hair up for me?"

He's never asked me to do that before but I know why. "You want to watch me."

"Aye. I can't help myself. I love seeing you do it. It's one of the best parts."

I come out of the bathroom with my hair in a messy bun. "Approve?"

"One hundred percent."

I go back to him and place my palms on his knees, moving them upward until they reach his groin. I kiss his stomach, slowly moving my mouth in a southern direction. He jolts when I lick the pattern of his V.

"Ticklish?"

"You know I am."

I grasp the base of his cock and lick the tip of the head. I taste pre-cum. I like it.

I move my tongue to the base and drag it up the underside of his shaft. He twitches when I get to the sensitive area just beneath the head. When I reach the end again, I take him into my mouth and grasp his base with my fist. I move my mouth and hand in unison.

"That feels incredible."

I alternate between slow and fast. I occasionally stop and circle my tongue around the head. It isn't long before he pulls the bun on top of my head. My jaws didn't even have time to cramp. "Stop, Bonny."

I take my mouth off him. He pulls his shirt up so his stomach is bare. That's where he comes-on himself instead of in my mouth. One day I'm going to ask him why he believes that's the better alternative.

I go into the bathroom for a towel and wipe him clean before climbing onto the bed next to him.

We're lying face to face. He pulls me close for a kiss. "Thank you."

"Any time."

Sin's wearing a lopsided grin when he runs his finger over my bottom lip. "I love you," he whispers.

I kiss the pad of his thumb. "I love you too."

"I'm very happy about the baby. Or babies."

He's right. There's a chance we have more than one in there. "The possibility of two hasn't escaped me."

"I wouldn't mind twins. Would you?"

I'm barely used to the idea of one. "The thought of caring for two babies at once is a little overwhelming."

"You aren't going to be doing this alone. You have me. And I know my mum is anxious to help. Lorna and Westlyn have become your good friends. I'm guessing they wouldn't mind helping."

It's not reassuring when you subtract Isobel from the equation, combine the experience of the remaining three, and get a sum total of zilch. "Isobel is the only one with experience."

"We can hire a nanny if you'd like."

What if she mistreated my children? That kind of stuff happens every day. I'd have to kill her.

"I don't know if I want to do that."

The person I really want helping me will be missing. "I wish my sister could be in our lives. She'll never have the opportunity to know this baby. Or babies. She'll only see us a few days here and there. She'll be like a stranger to our kids."

He touches my lower stomach. "I will make sure you and whomever is in there will see Ellison as often as possible."

"That means the world to me."

"I'm excited to tell my parents. Can we do that tonight over dinner?"

I don't think you're supposed to tell people for several weeks. "Shouldn't we wait? Just in case?"

"We can wait on telling everyone else. I want them to know now, but only if it's all right with you."

I suppose it makes no difference. "Whatever you want is fine with me."

"They're going to be very happy."

"Ellison will be too."

Speaking of ... I need to call my sister. She'll kill me if she's not the first to know.

"I told her we were finding out today so I need to call her."

"Of course." He kisses me quickly and stands to do up his trousers. "I have to go back to the office. I had a few things I didn't finish. I'll probably be a couple of hours."

I knew we wouldn't get to steal the rest of the day away from The Fellowship. There's always going to be business that needs tending.

I suppose I should be happy he was able to get away long enough to go to the appointment with me. "Okay."

"Can I tell Mum and Dad to meet us at seven?"

"That's fine."

I note the time. Ellison has left work by now so it should be the perfect time to call.

"Did the rabbit die?" That's the greeting I get. So typical.

"No animals were harmed during my pregnancy test."

"Spill it."

"It worked. I'm pregnant."

"Bam! Fuck all those doctors who said it wouldn't happen."

"I still can't believe we were successful on the first try."

"That's because your husband made sure you had the best doctor. Oh my God, Bleu. A baby!"

"Or babies."

"How many little shit machines are we talking?"

She's calling my offspring shit machines. "How classy."

"Come on, Bleu. Are we talking a litter or what?"

"No more than two."

"I hope you have two mean-ass boys. What did Sinclair say?"

"He's ecstatic."

"I bet. Have you had an ultrasound?"

"It's too early for that. They wouldn't be able to see anything right now. The doctor said I would get a scan at six weeks to make sure there was a heartbeat."

"God, Bleu. I'm your sister. I should be there."

If this were happening back home, she'd be up my ass so far I'd never dig her out. And that's exactly where I'd want her. "I wish you could be."

"This sucks! I'm going to miss all of it."

I won't let that happen. "Don't worry. Sin has promised he'll let us come see you as often as I want."

"It's not the same. I'm going to miss seeing your mean-ass boys grow up."

"You won't. Sin promised."

"I'm coming."

Umm ... that's not happening. "You can't take off work to come here."

"I will not miss you bringing babies into this world. Not happening."

Oh boy. This should be fun when the time comes. "We have a long time to figure everything out."

How in the world will I ever keep her away when it's time for this baby to come? I know Ellison MacAllister. She doesn't take no for an answer. That's going to be a problem.

Chapter Eighteen

Sinclair Breckenridge

My parents haven't mentioned a word but I'm certain they suspect the reason we've asked them and Mitch to dinner. Dad's his usual collected self but Mum looks like she's on pins and needles. We should probably put her out of her misery before she has a heart attack.

I love this restaurant. I brought Bleu here for our first date. That was nine months ago. Seems a lifetime between then and now.

I reach for Bleu's hand beneath the table and give it a squeeze. She raises her shoulders and gives me the eyes. I've come to know my wife's expressions and body language well. This is her asking me if I'm ready to tell them.

"Ready if you are."

My mum sits more upright. "Ye have our undivided attention."

"Have a look at this, Torri. It seems the other Breckenridges thought it was a good idea to come out for dinner as well. I suppose great minds do think alike."

Dammit. I'm not sure how Abram knew we were having dinner here tonight. I suppose my Dad could've told him but I'm certain he's here with a plan in mind. Nothing he does is by accident.

He snaps his fingers to summon the host. "We'll be seated with this party."

Bleu and I look at one another as Abram, Torri, Jamie, Westlyn, and Evanna are seated. I see the anger and disappointment in Bleu's eyes. "He's ruining this special time for us."

I strongly suspect he knows he's ruining something, although he can't possibly know what. "Do you want to tell them or wait?" I whisper.

"I'm afraid your mother will keel over if we don't tell her now. It's going to eventually come out."

Bleu's right. We can't let Abram ruin this for my parents or for us. It's even possible he'll see Bleu in a different light after he learns she's possibly carrying a Fellowship leader.

"So. What brings everyone out tonight?"

I squeeze Bleu's hand again. "We asked Mum, Dad, and Mitch out because we have some exciting news to share. Bleu's pregnant."

A chorus of oohs and ahhs erupt from the women around the table. The group swarms Bleu. My mum is tearful as she cups her hands over her mouth. She gets up from her seat and comes to me. She kisses the side of my face and whispers in my ear as she embraces me. "I knew it would work. I never doubted it for a moment."

Jamie gives me a congratulatory slap on the back. "Breeding 'em quick, aren't you? I suppose The Fellowship will be pleased about that."

"Our decision to have a baby has nothing to do with the brotherhood."

"I'm not judging. I'm happy for you and Bleu if it's what you want."

Jamie's a good mate. Nothing like his father. If he says he's happy for us, then he is. "Trust me. You find the right woman and it'll be what you want too."

"I don't know about that. I'm pretty determined to be an eternal bachelor."

"That's because you haven't found your Mrs. Breckenridge yet."

Abram doesn't appear happy but I guess he wouldn't be. He wants Bleu gone. Her being pregnant with the next generation of Fellowship leaders only solidifies her place within our family.

"How can we be certain the baby is Sinclair's?" Everyone around the table goes quiet and looks in Abram's direction.

This is fucking unacceptable. "Are you suggesting my wife has been unfaithful?"

"No. I'm suggesting the clinic you used for your in vitro procedure might have made a mistake. It's been known to happen before. If that's the case, your wife isn't carrying the next Fellowship leader."

He shouldn't know we used a fertility clinic. But he does so I can't dispute the fact that we didn't conceive naturally. "We used the best clinic available. There was no mistake."

"But how can you be sure? There's always room for human error in medicine," he argues.

He's being absurd. "Is there not the same risk with every wife of a Fellowship member? Couldn't she be unfaithful and conceive a child with a non-Fellowship member? Do you paternity test every child born within the brotherhood?"

"Not every child born within The Fellowship is intended to be a leader as your child will be."

"This is ridiculous!" Bleu tosses her napkin onto the table. "I'm not going to sit here and listen to his bullshit. Please take me home, Sin."

I don't try to convince Bleu to stay. I already know my words will be wasted. Frankly, I want to be away from Abram as much as she does. I'm afraid I might do something I'll regret if I have to listen to him say anything else about the paternity of our child.

Without another word, we leave the celebratory dinner we organized.

I phone Sterling and he pulls to the curb to fetch us. We get in, neither of us saying a word on the short drive home.

We enter the front door and I pull Bleu into my arms. "I'm sorry."

"He ruined what should have been a happy occasion with your family. Instead, he turned it into something ugly. I hate him."

Right now, I hate him too.

Her hurt is my pain. I feel it in the center of my chest as tangible as someone squeezing my heart without mercy.

"I know adoptees can't become leaders but is there some kind of stupid rule stating babies conceived with medical assistance can't be head of The Fellowship?"

"Of course not."

"Then why did he ensure everyone knows we didn't conceive this baby on our own? Was he doing it to be cruel?"

It was a stab at Bleu. "Yes."

"He's a psychopath, Sin."

I don't think she's joking. "That's a strong accusation."

"I've studied them. They can't form emotional attachments or feel real empathy for anyone. That's why he can say the things he does without regard for the way his words affect people. They often have very charming personalities, are very manipulative, and easily gain trust. They pretend to have emotions, yet they don't feel them. Some are so good at manipulation that their families never suspect their true nature. I know what I'm talking about and he fits the profile perfectly."

"I can't argue with you."

"A person exhibiting those characteristics has no place leading The Fellowship."

I'm confused. She has said on numerous occasions that she wants us to have time together before I take my place. "You know what you're suggesting?"

"Yes. As much as I'd like to postpone, it may be something you need to consider for the good of the brotherhood. To lead is to serve. He's no servant. He hurts people. I'm not the only one."

"What has he done?"

"He instructed Linsey to fuck you until you forgot me."

It all fits now. Linsey never showed any interest in me. It's one of the reasons I accepted her request to be my paralegal. I needed an assistant who was interested in working and doing a good job.

"He's family. You want to see the best in him but he's evil. Allowing him to be in control of the people who place their trust in him is irresponsible."

My wife is right. Our people deserve better. Even loyalists like The Fellowship can be pushed too far. We can't afford a rebellion. But am I ready to knock Abram out as a top runner?

"You can't wear blinders and refuse to acknowledge his true nature forever. Or what he's capable of."

We're back to her believing Abram could be her mother's killer.

"I need proof, Bonny."

"I understand. I'm working on it."

"If it's proven that he's the murderer, my father will kill him without hesitation." I have no doubt about that.

"No! I have to be the one to do it."

I wouldn't let her go through with it even if I hadn't made a promise to Harry on his deathbed. "You're pregnant. No way I'm letting you do that."

"I won't be pregnant forever."

Is she even thinking ahead? "What's the end result when you're no longer pregnant? You'll be a mother, and not to just any child. My child! There's no way I'll allow you to put yourself in a dangerous situation like that."

She's shaking her head in disagreement. "You're my husband but that doesn't mean you get to dictate what I do."

"You're wrong if you think I don't get a vote."

I can predict with one hundred percent accuracy that what I'm about to say will cause problems between us. "As your husband, I won't command you to do anything, but as your Fellowship leader, I will."

"Oh. I see now. You're my leader before you're my husband."

"Never. I'm always your husband first. That means I protect you above anything else and I'm telling you that you won't do this no matter what you prove."

"I'd like to see you try to stop me."

She doesn't understand the repercussions for killing a brother. I think it's time she had a lesson. "Bonny. If you kill Abram and you're caught, they will kill you. And I can't stop them. Is there any part of that you don't understand?"

"I won't be caught."

"Bleu! Don't ignore what I'm telling you." I don't enjoy raising my voice at my wife. I enjoy the expression on her face as she looks at me even less. It's a melting pot of hurt and anger.

"Or what? I'll have to pay penance? You'll send me to Sangster and have me beaten within an inch of my life?"

I grab Bleu firmly by her upper arms. "Listen to me. We're having a baby. You're going to be a mother. There's no room for stupidity where our child is concerned. I will not let you jeopardize our family over your obsession."

I release her arms and head for the door. She's being irrational and unreasonable. I'm furious so I shouldn't be around her right now. Fighting fair-it's not something I've ever learned to do so I fear what I might say or do. I don't want to create regrets.

"Where are you going?"

"Out."

I stop in the doorway and turn back to look at Bleu. "Keeping you and our child safe is number one. Always. Maybe you should think about what your priorities are while I'm gone."

* * *

I'm angry with Bleu but I'm furious with Abram. His actions are feeding her addiction for revenge, taunting her at every opportunity. It has to stop. Now.

I storm into my parents' house and call out for my father.

"In here, son."

I find my parents in the living room-together, watching television. I'm surprised they're in the same room by choice. "What's going on?"

"We were discussing Abram's actions at dinner. It was unacceptable and I told him so," my dad says.

"How is Bleu?" my mum asks.

"Not great."

I sit next to my mother, facing my father. "Tonight wasn't the first time Abram has acted out at Bleu. He's taunted her on other occasions."

"He's a bully," my mum says.

"He may be but he's not going to upset the mother of my child like that. I can't be expected to accept that kind of behavior directed at my wife by any Fellowship member, even if he is your brother."

"I don't expect you to tolerate Bleu being mistreated, even if he is my brother. Now is the time to put a stop to it. With Abram, what you allow him to do is what will continue. I learned that lesson the hard way."

Bleu is determined. She isn't going to drop her suspicion about Abram. It's probably best to let Dad know now rather than later. "There's more to further complicate the situation between Bleu and Abram. She believes there's a possibility he killed her mother."

My dad looks shocked. "What in the world would make her believe that?"

"Something Abram said at our reception sparked a memory from that night. That spark has turned into a fire and Abram stokes it each time he attacks Bleu."

"She has no evidence to support her suspicion?" Dad asks.

"Not yet."

"I don't think ye should dismiss her suspicion so quickly. Bleu has studied the criminal mind extensively. How they think. How they react. She's very educated about the tactics they use tae manipulate their closest ties," Mum says.

There's one way to prove he didn't do it. "Does Abram have a scar from a dog bite on his leg?"

Dad shrugs. "Not that I'm aware. But I'm not sure I've seen his bare leg in the last twenty years. No reason to."

No. I suppose the opportunity hasn't presented itself.

"Was Abram in the US when Bleu and her mother were attacked?"

"Aye."

"You know him better than anyone. Do you think he's capable?"

Dad shakes his head. "He wouldn't have touched Amanda."

"I told her she couldn't name Abram a suspect."

"Ye must look at this from Bleu's point of view. In her mind, that could be construed as you choosing him over her," Mum says.

She's right. I need to make Bleu understand I'll always choose her before him.

"We had an enormous argument because I told her she couldn't be the one to carry out penance against her mother's killer."

I rub my temples where my brain is threatening to explode. "Bleu is unaware but I made a promise to her father before he died. He made me swear I would take the burden of killing from her. He didn't want her to carry that kind of darkness for the rest of her life."

And I readily agreed because I can't bear the thought of her being tormented by something she's done.

"Bleu isn't like me. She's good. I'm afraid the guilt would eventually destroy her."

"I think her father knew what he was talking about. Bleu has no business killing anyone," Dad says.

"Even more so now that she's expecting. Motherhood brings changes you don't expect, even for women within the circle."

If Abram did this, his actions are affecting my life and marriage. I need to know the truth so we can put this behind us.

"Bleu enlisted Debra's help because being with the women of The Fellowship consumes so much of her time. I'm hoping that will expedite this situation coming to a head."

I'm not sure how my father would react to finding out his brother killed the woman he loved. "If he did this, are you prepared for him to die?"

"After the first betrayal, there is no other." That's a yes.

It could take awhile to get the answers we want. In the meantime, Abram has to leave Bleu alone. "I can't let him continue lashing out at Bleu."

"Agreed. That has tae come tae an end immediately," my mum says.

"So I have your blessing to handle him the way I see fit?"

"Certainly, but I'd like myself and the other council members to be present so there's no mistakes. I'll call a formal meeting for the morning so everyone is on the same page."

"I was going to suggest that due to how I plan to handle him."

"You have my attention," Dad says.

Bleu believes it's time I replace Abram for the good of The Fellowship. It's something I've been thinking about for a while. I was afraid she wasn't ready but I have her support. Nothing is holding me back. I'm ready to take my rightful place. "It's time Abram steps down."

My father's smile is proof enough that he's pleased. "You feel prepared to take your place?"

"It's time. I'm finished with my traineeship. I have a wife and a baby on the way. There's no reason to put it off any longer."

"You have no idea how proud I am, son. I've waited years to hear these words from you. I've imagined how proud I might feel but the reality is so much better. We'll make it official first thing in the morning."

* * *

Bleu is in bed when I arrive home. Her breath is slow and steady. She's asleep-or pretending to be so she doesn't have to talk to me.

I undress and slide in next to her. She startles awake when I move behind her to drape my arm over her waist.

She places her hand on top of mine. At first I think she's going to lace our fingers but instead she shoves it away. "You can go to the couch."

"Bonny. Don't be that way."

No reply.

I move my hand back into place over her stomach and hold her hand tightly as she attempts to pull it away again. "I had to leave. I only know one way to fight-win by whatever means necessary. I don't fight a fair game."

She stops trying to pull away from me. That's promising.

"We're still new. I haven't figured out how to argue with you. I only know I must be careful. Leaving felt like the only thing I could do so I'd be certain to have no regrets."

I feel her twist toward me in the dark. "I would never put this baby in danger, especially by acting against Abram while I'm pregnant. It hurts me that you think I would."

She fails to see my concern for her after the baby is born. "Putting yourself in danger after you deliver still endangers the baby."

"I disagree."

"What if you went after Abram and he killed you? Our child would be motherless. It would be a tragedy for him to never know his mother. So see? You're potentially harming our baby by endangering yourself."

She doesn't respond. I don't mistake it for an agreement but at least it's not an argument.

"Abram's out. I'm officially taking my place within The Fellowship in the morning."

She twists the rest of the way so we're face to face. "The brotherhood will be very pleased. They respect you."

"You're right. I have to consider what's best for our people. And he's not it."

After hearing what he instructed Linsey to do, I'm certain he only has his own well-being in mind. She's a good woman. I don't think she would have done what he told her unless she felt threatened.

Abram isn't the only one I've considered while thinking about taking my place. "I think it's better to make the change early on in our marriage rather than try to transition into it later after the baby comes."

"You're going to hand Abram his ass, aren't you?"

Ah, my wife knows me well.

"Aye. I wanted to at dinner tonight but I decided it wasn't wise to act out while I was so angry. It's better to counterattack after thought and contemplation." Retaliation isn't the only thing best served cold.

My wife need not worry. Abram will get what's coming to him in the morning. And I don't expect it to go over well.

* * *

Everyone has taken a place around the table for the emergent leadership meeting. They're probably expecting to hear news of retaliation by The Order. Wrong. It's a counterattack but has nothing to do with our nemesis.

My father stands and the room silences. When he speaks, people listen. "My son has come to a decision that pleases me greatly. He has decided he's ready to take his place. Abram, you will be relieved of your duties-effective immediately."

I sit back in my chair as shock forms on Abram's face.

He leans forward, taking on the concerned uncle expression I know so well. "Sin. You have a new wife. Your first child is on the way. I fail to see why this is the right time for you to do this."

He chooses now to acknowledge that my wife is expecting my first child. He's singing an entirely different song from last night.

"It'll be easier to make the change now, rather than try to transition after the baby is born. But that's not the only reason. You've given me no choice. I can't tolerate you badgering my pregnant wife."

"I have not badgered your wife."

Fucking liar. "A brother must never violate the wife or children of another member. I'm doing you a favor by giving you this warning. Do it again and be prepared to face penance."

Abram's face is blood red. He's furious. "Thane, you're going to let him talk to me like this?"

"The things you said to Bleu and Sinclair last night were inexcusable."

"Anything I said was out of concern for The Fellowship."

"Your goal was to upset my wife. You succeeded. That disturbs me greatly."

"All of this is her doing. You can't see she's here to sabotage us."

"Have you considered that there are better ways for her to sabotage The Fellowship than to marry one of us and become pregnant with the future leader?"

He doesn't reply.

"We made this agreement when I was twenty-one. You agreed to be an interim until I was ready. It's the role and duty I was born into. You knew this day was coming. Stepping into my role has nothing to do with Bleu."

"Your marriage to her is a sham. The Fellowship gained nothing from your union. Westlyn should be your wife. Your coupling would've strengthened The Fellowship, not divide it."

"My marriage to Bleu was never intended for gain but don't mistake it for a weak union. My wife is a force. Her strength is incredible and contagious. I'll be a stronger leader with her by my side. The younger women within the brotherhood are lucky they'll have her guiding them."

"Make no mistake, Sin. You may have initiated her into the brotherhood and then married your bonny American but she'll never be Fellowship."

Abram gets up from the table and points his finger in my direction. "And she'll never lead either of my daughters. I'll see to that."

Chapter Nineteen

Bleu Breckenridge

It's been three weeks since Sin became secondary leader of The Fellowship. I knew it was coming when I agreed to marry him. I had hoped it would happen later in our marriage. I wanted time with my husband before he was taken from me but it wasn't possible. Abram has given him no choice.

It hasn't been awful but he's still new to his role. He comes home late every night, although he did that anyway. He's managed to get away long enough to be with me for my first ultrasound today. I suppose I can't complain too much.

"You're going to feel some pressure." I'm lying on my back with my legs slightly parted when the ultrasound tech inserts the condom-clad probe inside me. I look at Sin and scrunch my nose.

He reaches for my hand. "Are you all right?"

"I'll make it." It's not the first time I've had this done. I'll never get used to it but I can tolerate it a lot better knowing the ultimate goal: to ensure there's a heartbeat and a growing baby. Or babies.

"I'll take measurements of yer uterus first. I know yer anxious but we'll get tae the fun stuff in just a minute." Her accent is thick; I have to listen carefully. Sometimes it takes a little deciphering to figure it out.

She said fun stuff. That much I understood. I think that sounds reassuring. Maybe. I wouldn't expect her to use the word fun if she wasn't seeing a live baby. Unless she hasn't taken notice yet. She's a professional. She'd look before saying anything like that, right?

I'm nervous so I'm rambling to myself. Shut up, Bleu. You're making it worse.

Sin is still holding my hand. He gives it three rhythmic squeezes so I turn away from the monitor to look at him. He winks and mouths, "I love you."

I make smoochy lips at him and mouth the same in return.

It takes forever to do the technical stuff-twice as long as I would expect.

"Okay. Got the measurements out of the way so here we go."

The tech angles the probe upward and presses. My bladder feels like it's inflated with a gallon of water so I could pee myself at any moment. "Hmm," I groan. "That's not pleasant."

"Okay?" Sin asks.

"Yeah." I'll only have to bear it for a few minutes. The discomfort is worth what I'm about to see.

She points to the screen. "Right there. Do ye know what this little circle is that we're looking at?"

"We're hopeful it's a baby."

"Aye. And how many babies do ye see? One." She moves her finger slightly to the left. "Two."

"Well, fuck me. Twins." Sin grins and then looks at the tech. "Pardon me."

She giggles. "No problem. I've heard worse."

He leans forward for a better view. "I was afraid to hope for two. It seemed greedy when I knew we'd be damn lucky to get one."

It doesn't feel real. "Are you sure?"

"Very."

I immediately go into worry mode. I suppose it's natural. "Both babies look healthy?"

"Both heartbeats are strong and each is measuring right on schedule. They look perfect as far as I can tell."

Sin leans forward to kiss me. "Did you hear that, Bonny? She says they look perfect."

Twins. Two babies. I knew there was a high probability but I'm still surprised.

My head is spinning. I may even be a little short of breath. I pray it's not because I'm about to have a panic attack.

What am I going to do with two babies? I wasn't really even sure I was ready to mother one.

"All done, Mrs. Breckenridge. Ye can change back into yer bottoms."

I get up from the exam table and go into the bathroom with Sin following behind me. I'm holding a sheet around my waist when he lifts me and kisses my mouth like crazy. When he finishes, he returns my feet to the floor. "Bonny. This is the best and most frightening news I've ever gotten in my life. I'm terrified and overjoyed at the same time."

It's a ginormous relief to know I'm not alone. "I'm scared too, but very happy."

"There's nothing wrong with being afraid." He puts his arms around me and squeezes. "We can be scared together."

* * *

"Mary predicted this, you know."

"Who's Mary? And what did she predict?" I hear the confusion in his voice.

"How can you forget Mary the medium? She did a reading on us. Said you would be married with children soon." I touch my abdomen. "She was right. You'll be getting children soon. I'd say she hit the nail on the head."

"Aye, I suppose she did. I recall her saying I would find joy with my family. She was right about that as well."

Sin opens the door to our flat and enters first. He enters the series of numbers to turn off the security system.

He stops in the living room and stands with his hands on his hips looking around. "There's a lot to be done before they get here."

He sounds as though he thinks they're coming tomorrow. "I'm six weeks pregnant. We have time."

"We need to be more aggressive in the search for a house. Two babies will require twice as much space." He looks at the door leading out to the patio. "I want them to have a fenced outdoor area so they can safely play outside."

He's putting the cart before the horse. "They won't come out needing a yard to play in."

"I know, but I want to bring them home from the hospital to our family house. Not this." He laughs. "I know. I'm just excited. This is the first time I've ever found out I was going to be a father to twins."

"I hope it's the first time you've ever found out you were going to be a father at all."

We've never discussed that before. "This is your first time to be a father, isn't it?"

"I don't have other children." He reaches out and takes my hands. He pulls me close, pressing my back against his front. He overlaps his hands over my tummy. "Only these."

I can't help being relieved by his confirmation.

"I want my parents to know."

I'd like them to know as well but I don't want a repeat of what happened last time. "Can we have them over instead of going out?"

"We'll do it however you'd like. The choice is yours, but do you feel up to cooking?"

I'm already anemic so I'm often tired, but the supplemental iron has helped. "I'm fine, Breck. I feel great. I'd love to have them over tonight if they're free."

"I'll tell them to drop everything."

"That's not necessary. We can do it another night if they're busy."

"No. They're getting two grandchildren instead of one. It's wonderful news. They'll want to know as soon as possible so let's plan to have them over tonight."

"I think we'll have glazed salmon. Maybe parsnips and a green vegetable."

"Can you have fish?"

I love the way he looks out for our safety. "Salmon is safe. It's low in mercury. I've already checked."

"Sounds good."

He pulls me close and kisses the top of my head. I can predict what's coming next. He has to leave. "I need to go in for a while."

"I know."

"I'll call if dinner plans change."

"Please do so earlier rather than later. We need groceries if I'm going to cook so I'll need to make a run to the market." I really don't want to go to the trouble if they aren't coming.

"Do you need Sterling to drive you?"

"I don't think so. I won't be picking up much-just enough for dinner."

"You shouldn't be doing any heavy lifting."

"I don't think fish fillets and parsnips qualify as heavy lifting."

"I suppose not, but do call if you need a ride."

"I'll be fine. The walk will be good for me."

"You're used to pushing yourself but your body is changing. You're going to need to learn how to rest. Promise me you'll lie down if you get tired."

He'll get no argument from me. "Promise."

"Are you going to call Ellison the second I'm out the door?"

He knows me well. "Of course."

"Then I'll be on my way. Tell her I said hello."

As predicted, the door barely hits his ass before I'm on my phone making the call that will cause my sister to flip the fuck out. Then I may lose it because she's going to insist on being here for all of it. That's going to present a problem.

"Tell Aunt Elli how photogenic her beautiful little niece was today while having her picture taken."

Yeah. My sister makes no bones about it. She wants a girl to spoil.

"I don't know, Aunt Elli. I couldn't tell much. All I could see was two little dots. But they were both pretty adorable to me."

"Oh, Bleu!" she squeals. "Twins?"

"It is."

"You must be so excited."

The idea is beginning to soak in a little. "Yeah. We're happy to be getting two since we weren't sure we'd even be able to get one."

"You're going to need a lot of help with two babies."

I know where she's going with this. "Sin is going to be a wonderful father. I have no doubt he'll help me as much as possible. Isobel will be a huge help too so you shouldn't worry about us. And Sin says I can have a nanny if I want one. I won't be alone."

"I want to be there to help you."

There's nothing I want more. "I know. I wish you could be here too."

"I'm going to find a way to be there with you."

She isn't going to let this go. "Ellison. You have a life and it's not in Scotland. I don't expect you to drop everything to come here."

"Dad's gone. You left. I'm alone."

Damn. How do I handle this? I can't act as though I don't want her here. That will send up a flaming red flag. "It would be wonderful to have you with me when the babies come."

"I'm going to be there."

"I'm very early along. We have plenty of time to talk it over and work something out." And figure out a way to keep her away.

* * *

My phone wakes me from my nap. It's Debra. She doesn't call unless she has news so I definitely want to take this call.

"What do you have for me?"

"Cameron Ewart came through for us."

I bolt up. "Holy shit! Verbal confirmation or photograph?"

"Both." There's a second-long hesitation before she continues and my heart pounds out of my chest. This could be it. "Abram Breckenridge doesn't have the scar you're looking for."

I'm flooded with an emotion I can't label.

"This is good. We get to mark another suspect off the list."

She's right. Each suspect we eliminate brings us one step closer to finding the real killer.

"Absolutely. Let's schedule a follow-up meeting soon."

I end my call with Debra and note the time. Shit. It's after three. I've been asleep for three hours. I sit on the edge of the couch giving myself a minute before getting up. Changing positions too quickly makes me dizzy.

I have four hours until my in-laws arrive for dinner. That means I have to get my ass into gear if I'm going to make it to the market and back in time to prepare dinner.

I do everyone at the market a favor and freshen up. Before leaving, I go to the kitchen to take inventory. I type into the grocery list app on my phone, grab my purse, and head for the front door. I open it, surprised to find three unfamiliar faces staring back at me.

"Hello, Mrs. Sinclair Breckenridge. I'm Broden. Mr. Grieve sent me."

Oh fuck. Torrence Grieve is leader of The Order.

I unsuccessfully attempt to slam the door. The three men push their way into our flat. I back away and make an attempt to run to the bedroom. There's a gun in the top drawer of both nightstands. His and hers.

I'm grabbed by my hair and yanked backward. One of the men roughly pushes me to the couch. The man who calls himself Broden gets in my face. "Mr. Grieve is extraordinarily upset with your husband for more than one reason."

Sin killed Grieve's son and led the raid that took The Order's explosives. They've not yet retaliated for either. Until now.

Broden sits on my cocktail table and leans forward so we're face to face. His breath is nasty. "You're going to pass along a little message from us." He takes a knife from his coat pocket and slashes my palm. "In your own blood."

He puts his hand around mine, forming a cup. "Like this, dear. You're going to dip your finger into the blood pooling in your hand. Using it, you'll write the message I'm going to dictate on the wall. Are you ready?"

I nod. I have no choice but to cooperate. "Yes."

"Good. This is what you'll write. 'You took something special from them and now they're taking something special from you. Me.' Then sign your name."

Oh God. They're planning to take me.

"Do it. Now!" he yells.

I dip my index finger into the blood in the palm of my hand and begin writing on the wall.

"When Sinclair married outside The Fellowship, I knew it was for love. That's good for me. Do you know why, Mrs. Breckenridge?"

In this kind of life, it's a general belief that love leaves you vulnerable. It's the reason leaders tend to avoid it.

I know it's what he's thinking but I won't admit it. "I don't."

"Love makes you weak. And desperate."

Not true. Love makes a person stronger. "I don't agree with that."

"You will when I'm done with you-and your husband will as well. The things I'm going to do to you will bring him to his knees. He won't be able to look at you without thinking of me when we're finished."

I can't let them take me from the flat. If they move me to a second location, I'm as good as dead.

Sin has guns hidden all over the house. The closest is in the drawer of the end table. I have to get to it. My life, and the lives of our babies, depend on it.

I finish smearing the first half of the message on the wall before making a dash for the gun. I yank the drawer and find it empty.

"Really, Mrs. Breckenridge? Do you think we wouldn't do a sweep of your flat and clear it of your husband's weapons?"

I pull the drawer free and swing it around, clipping the closest man in the face. I make a dash for the front door. I open it and scream at the top of my lungs as I run out. "Fire! Fire! Fire!"

Screaming "fire" tends to gain the attention and assistance of people faster than yelling for help. But it gains no one's attention. It's three o'clock so everyone is still at work.

I'm shoved back into our flat and held by one of the men while Broden punches my face. I'm instantly dazed and fall backward onto the couch. "Get up and finish writing the message on the wall for your husband. Now!"

My eye socket stings and tingles. I trained in Muay enough to know the sensation is a sure sign it's well on its way to swelling. He hit me hard. I'm guessing it'll swell shut.

I write slowly as I consider my next move. I don't have much of a choice now. I'm afraid and outnumbered by fists and firearms.

Reality is beginning to sink in. I'm going to be forced to go with them. And there's nothing I can do. I'm pregnant. I can't take the same chances I would have six weeks ago. I have to consider the safety of the babies.

"Very nice job, Mrs. Breckenridge."

Broden takes my bloody palm and presses it to the wall before dragging it downward, leaving a large red smear in its path. I grit my teeth to fight the scream threatening to escape. It would bring them too much pleasure.

"Now you're going to walk out that door with us and get into the car without a sound. One peep out of you and he puts a bullet in your head. Do you understand?"

I nod. "Yes."

"I'm glad." He reaches out and strokes the back of his fingers down my cheek. "You're much too beautiful for that."

I shrink away from his touch. He grabs my chin and holds my face so I'm forced to look at him. "If I want to touch you, I will do so and you won't object. Don't forget it."

He leans forward and kisses my mouth hard. I press my lips together to keep his tongue out of my mouth. I'm successful but I still want to vomit.

He releases me and stares into my eyes. "There'll be more of that later but it's time to go now, dear."

I'm led to a black sedan and forced into the back seat between Broden and the tall man while the short one drives. "Where are you taking me?"

"You want me to ruin the surprise by telling you?" He pats the top of my knee while laughing. "We can't have that."

I study the streets, trying to memorize our route but I become confused once we're no longer within the city. I'm in a place I don't know. The worst thing I can do at this point is panic. Yet it's all I feel like doing.

Chapter Twenty

Sinclair Breckenridge

I ignored the legal matters in need of my attention so I could make Bleu's appointment at the clinic. Being with her was worth every bit of catch-up I've had to deal with this evening, even if it's causing me to run late for dinner. I'm certain my wife will forgive me. I have ways of convincing her.

I expect to find Bleu and my parents sitting around the table waiting for me but that's not what I discover.

My father's car is in front of my flat, exhaust billowing in the cold. That's not right. Something is going on.

My parents step out of their car the same time as I do. "Why haven't you gone into the house?"

"Bleu didn't come tae the door when we rang. Maybe she had tae run back tae the market for something," my mother says.

I don't think she would've left so close to dinnertime without telling one of us. She wouldn't have wanted my parents to arrive to an empty house.

She often listens to music while she cooks. I'm guessing that's the case tonight. "She's probably wearing earbuds. Did you try the door?"

"You're out of your mind if you think I'm going into the home of a special agent and risk startling her."

He's right. No one should sneak in on Bleu Breckenridge unless they're looking to get throat punched.

The door is unlocked. It shouldn't be. Bleu knows better than that.

I'm instantly annoyed.

I enter the foyer and drop my briefcase onto the floor. I thumb through the mail lying on the table. "Bonny, you left the front door unlocked. You know you shouldn't do that." I look at my parents. "Damn woman thinks she's invincible."

Still no answer.

She left the door unlocked and can't hear me calling out for her. That's an unsafe mix. I'm irritated she's been so careless. She knows we're awaiting retaliation from The Order.

"She refuses to have guards in the house so I had the best security system known to man installed. What does she do? She forgets to turn it on when I leave."

I stalk toward the kitchen and stop dead in my tracks when I see the bloody message smeared on the living room wall.

You took something special from them and now they're taking something special from you. Me.

Bleu

My mum gasps. "Dear God. Is that written in blood?"

"I highly doubt they used their own." Using my wife's blood is a message within a message. They're telling me they won't hesitate to hurt my wife. Or kill her.

My mum turns away. "Sadistic animals. That's what they are."

The drawer from the end table is broken into pieces on the floor. Anyone can clearly recognize the signs of a struggle. I'm certain she was going for the gun and one of two things happened. She didn't make it in time or they'd already been in the flat and cleared it of weapons.

My lass fought back. No surprise there, but I'm certain there were too many for her to take on.

I know in my heart that Bleu's been taken by The Order but I still dash through the flat calling out her name. I come to a standstill in our bedroom when I don't find her. It's almost a relief. I wasn't sure I wouldn't discover her raped and/or murdered.

My father puts his hand on my shoulder. "She's not here, son."

Rage swells within me, seething to the surface. "If they've harmed her, they'll die a slow, painful death. Each and every one of them. I swear this."

I'm possessed. I don't have a shred of control as I tear through our bedroom destroying anything within my reach.

"Sinclair!" I'm not sure how many times my father yells my name before I finally hear him. "Stop, son. Tearing your house apart isn't going to bring your wife back."

He doesn't understand. "Mum has never been taken from you. And if she had been, you wouldn't have felt what's in my heart right now."

My distress isn't just for Bleu. "We were having you over tonight to tell you that Bleu is having twins. That makes her pregnancy high risk so stress won't be good for her or the babies."

There's no time for happiness or celebration.

"I don't want tae consider what they might do tae her if they know she's carrying the future leaders of The Fellowship. We can't waste a single minute. We have tae get her back as soon as possible-before something happens tae my grandchildren," my mum says.

Dad nods in agreement. "We'll get her back but we have to be smart about it."

He's right. "Debra has been keeping tabs on The Order. We need her here now."

I'm impressed with how fast my freelance detective arrives when beckoned.

"This is what I know." Debra takes out a map of Edinburgh and its surrounding suburbs. She points to an area near the water in Portobello. "They've recently acquired a warehouse in this area. For what, I'm not yet certain, but common sense would tell us they're importing or exporting something. I think this should be the first place we look. It's new. They'll assume you don't know about it so it's a good location to hide Bleu."

"What will we do if she's not there?"

She points to an area in the Cockenzie area. "There's another warehouse here. It would be second on my list."

We were just there. "We invaded that location a few weeks ago and took a large supply of explosives."

"Let's hope this is about getting their explosives back. A trade. Her for what they want."

Of course. Nothing is more precious to me than my wife and children. "Those bastards have me over a barrel. I'll give them anything they want to get Bleu back safely."

"Good. We'll need to act quickly in case they get antsy and harm her."

Members of The Order are notorious for raping and torturing women of rival organizations. It's a tradition they've been doing for decades.

I can't think about what they might do to her or I'll be useless. I have to believe she's safe and unharmed.

"I'd like to go in. Alone. Feel out the location before they make us. They don't know me so I could fly under the radar. I can pose as a homeless woman looking for a warm bed for the night."

Her plan is a good one. "How long will it take you to get into character?"

"Not long."

"Then let's go get my family."

* * *

I'm back at the warehouse we invaded weeks ago, where we found the explosives and I lost three of my best men. I had no intention of entering this place again. Yet here I am, back in the hands of my enemy.

I'm going in alone. I'm the one who killed Grieve's son. They targeted me when they took my wife so it'll be me they're expecting.

I open the door and see no one within. "Bleu?"

My voice echoes without any reply.

"Grieve?" I call his name, already knowing he isn't here.

I walk the industrial-style metal building, taking a look around. I see no one but I find another message written in blood on the wall.

Return what you took to this place by 2200 and I might survive the night.

Bleu

God, I can't believe they made her write that. She must be terrified but knowing Bleu, she's probably pissed as well at this point. She isn't going to like that she wasn't able to stop them from taking her. I hope she doesn't try anything irrational before I'm able to get her back.

I look at my watch and note the time. I have ninety-five minutes to transfer potentially unstable explosives across town. They've not given me much time but I figure that's with a purpose. It's a ploy to make me afraid for my wife. It's working.

I dash out of the building toward the car where Sterling waits. "They want the explosives by ten. We have to hurry."

I arrive at the secret site where the explosives are being stored. The two men who drove the truck the night we stole it are here to assist with the return.

"Evening, boss," they say in unison.

I give them a nod. "The explosives are loaded and ready for transport?"

"Aye, just as you ordered," one answers.

Perfect. "We're returning everything to the same warehouse we took them from."

"Boss, you should probably know that we were given orders by Abram. He says nothing should be moved without his permission."

I'm immediately enraged. My uncle is no longer a leader. He has no right to give orders to my men. This is his way of taking advantage of his prior role. Further, he has no regard for my wife's safety. He'd prefer seeing her dead than return the explosives to The Order. That means he'd choose death for my children.

Perhaps Bleu isn't so far off target with her suspicion.

* * *

Sterling drives my dad and me to The Order's warehouse while the truck of explosives follows close behind. My father is quiet so I have a moment to reflect on the night's events.

"I didn't protect my wife from The Order. I told her I would always keep her safe because it was my job. She put her trust in me and I let her down."

"There's no way you could have anticipated The Order coming for her."

I knew Bleu was going to be targeted by a lot of people simply for being my wife. My love for her places a large mark on her back. I knew this. I should've had more protection in place for her. I'm completely disgusted by my lack of caution. "My actions-or absence of them-are inexcusable. She may not forgive me for allowing this to happen."

"You didn't allow anything to happen, Sinclair."

I leave her alone so often. I should've known this would happen. "I'm a stupid husband and leader for not having guards at the house ensuring her safety when I was away."

"You're newlyweds. You wanted a normal life with your new wife. Constant security in your home would have negated that possibility. No one faults you for wanting some normalcy with Bleu."

I already suspect she's been cut deeply, enough to produce the amount of blood it would take to write both of the messages left for me. I don't want to but my mind begins imagining the worst. "I don't know what I'll do if she's been harmed."

"Your wife is a trained agent. She's smart and knows how to survive. There's no doubt in my mind that Bleu knows how to deal with her captors, possibly in a deadly manner."

"My lass is a warrior but she has the safety of the babies to consider. She can't fight the same way she would if she weren't pregnant."

I fear the reaction of The Order if she fights back. They don't hold women in the same regard as The Fellowship. They place little to no value on them. Women, in their eyes, are expendable.

My mum had it right when she called them sadistic animals.

"Despite their foolish behavior, they're not completely ignorant. They want their explosives back. They know harming a Breckenridge could negate the exchange. I don't think they'll take that risk."

"I'll annihilate the entire lot if they've harmed her."

"Don't anticipate the worst. Think only of bringing Bleu home safely. Negative theories will distract you. You need a clear head so no mistakes are made."

My father is right. I can't afford to be sidetracked by what-ifs.

"Boss," Sterling says. He lifts his chin, gesturing to the rearview mirror. "The truck is pulling off the road."

What the hell?

I twist in my seat to get a look at what's going on and see the flashing blue lights of two police cars. One behind the truck. The other following behind us.

"No. No. No! Not now. Anytime but right now."

"What do you want me to do?" Sterling asks.

We can run but the truck can't, not while carrying unstable explosives.

I look to Dad but I can already predict what he'll say. "We don't have a choice. We have to pull over to see what they want."

"And hope to hell they don't search the back of that truck."

Sterling pulls to a stop on the side of the road. I look at the time and see we have ten minutes until the deadline. "We don't have time for this."

"Patience, Sinclair."

I consider the reasons the authorities would have for blue lighting us. We weren't breaking any traffic laws so I'm inclined to think this is a set-up. "I have a bad feeling about this."

"That makes two of us."

My heart sinks when Lloyd Buchanan, deputy chief constable of the Organized Crime Unit, comes to the driver's window. This is no routine traffic stop. Judging by the amused look on his face, he knows he has something on us. "Good evening, Thane. Sinclair."

"Good evening, Officer Buchanan," my father says.

He steps away from the car with his hands of his hips, rocking on his heels. Grinning. "I hear congratulations are in order."

He can't possibly know about Bleu's pregnancy. "You're referring to my marriage?"

"Aye. I must admit I was taken aback to hear that you'd married outside The Fellowship."

"You've seen how bonny my wife is. It should come as no surprise."

"Aye, she's a lovely lass but I'm wondering why you'd go against your brotherhood. You're a tight bunch. I'm doubtful they welcomed your American bride with open arms."

I don't have time for this. "You didn't pull our car over to discuss my marriage."

"Aye. You're right, but before we get to that, I'm curious. Why are you escorting a transport truck through Order territory this time of night?"

He has nothing on us. He's curious. Good. "I was under the impression that Edinburgh was a free town. I suppose I failed to get the memo about sections of it belonging to anyone in particular. How does one do that-go about obtaining parts of a city?"

"Enough with the bullshit," Buchanan says.

"Finally. Something we agree upon."

"Then I'll get on with it."

Buchanan takes his gun from his holster and points it in my direction. "Sinclair Breckenridge. Step out of the car slowly with your hands on your head."

A half dozen officers, firearms pointed at me, surround the car.

"What is this about?" my father asks.

"I'm arresting your son for the murder of Malcolm Irvine."

No. This can't be happening now. Anytime but now.

I can't be taken in. Bleu's life is dependent upon me making this delivery.

I'm ready to grovel if need be. "I need two hours. It's life and death. And then I'll turn myself in for questioning."

"Doesn't work like that. I don't get credit for your arrest if you turn yourself in."

"Please. My wife has been taken. She's in grave danger."

"Sounds like a police matter to me."

He knows I'd never do that. "I can't come to the police. That's not how these things work."

"Aye. I know exactly how people from your world operate. Illegally. Always."

"They'll kill her if I don't meet their demands."

He shrugs. "Not my problem if it's not reported to the authorities."

"They'll kill her if the police become involved."

"Again, not my problem."

"Bleu is pregnant with twins. If you can't have mercy for me, can you at least have it for the two innocent lives she carries?"

"I'm afraid that's just two more cockroaches for me to squash in the coming years."

Buchanan is supposedly one of the good guys but he's as evil as any Order member.

I'm desperate. To hell with the consequences of my actions. None of it matters if I don't get to Bleu in time.

I reach for my gun.

My father puts his hand on my arm. "It will be the hardest thing you ever do but go with him, Sinclair. Rodrick will be there within the hour to clear up this mess. I'll take care of our problem in the meantime."

I don't want my dad to take care of my mistake. It's mine to fix.

I'm not ready to budge and he sees this. "You don't need your wife coming home to an incarcerated husband because he made an irrational decision."

Again, my father is right. I'm no good to Bleu if I'm in prison.

"All right, Buchanan. I'm getting out of the car."

"Slowly. Hands on top of your head."

"Aye. You've already said that."

"Just want to be clear."

I do just as the bastard says. It's the hardest damn thing I've ever done, second only to watching Bleu walk out of my life.

I'm immediately swarmed by his mob of lawmen, shoved face down onto the ground, my gun taken from its holster. "I voluntarily surrendered Buchanan. Is this really necessary?"

I can't see him because my face is forced into the dirt but I hear him and know he's standing over me. "You're under arrest for the murder of Malcolm Irvine. You do not have to say anything. However, it may harm your defense if you do not mention, when questioned, something which you later rely on in court. Anything you do say may be given in evidence. But you know these things already, Mr. Solicitor. Congratulations on that, by the way. The world has been in need of another dirty lawyer."

"Just as they're in need of another dirty police officer."

My hands are cuffed behind my back and I'm yanked to my feet. "You can pretend to be the good guy all you like, but we both know what hides behind that badge."

My two men driving the truck are handcuffed and placed in the back of a squad car. Of course, they're keeping the three of us separate.

I inwardly growl as I watch the officers swarm the truck. They have no idea how much they're fucking up my trade for Bleu's life. I'm not sure The Order will agree to any kind of exchange without the explosives.

My beloved is a captive. I'm in custody. I'm at the mercy of my father and The Order. I fucking hate it. And there's nothing I can do about it.

To be continued ...

