Dallas

To say I was exhausted would have been the understatement of the entire year. It was December, so that was saying a lot.

It was a good tired, however. After a twelve-hour shift in the ER where I had been run off my feet with one medical emergency after another, I'd stayed over and helped bring Lana and Drake Stevenson's daughter into the world. My beautiful little 'niece' was healthy and perfect. Neveah was already a heartbreaker and I was going to teach her everything I knew about busting balls.

I left the new parents alone and took Neveah to the nursery so that Lana could get a good night's sleep before her family descended on her and her husband in the morning. Thankfully I had the day off tomorrow and I was going to take advantage by sleeping in. Maybe Linc would make me some pancakes.

At the thought of my roommate's decadent breakfast, my stomach growled, letting me know that I hadn't eaten since breakfast before my shift. That had been nearly twenty-four hours ago. Sighing, I pulled out the little money I always carried with me just in case I had to make a stop at a vending machine. Most days that was how I had lunch because I was too busy to stop for a decent meal.

Opening the door to the waiting room, I only had eyes for the vending machine. Funyuns or a Snickers?

Two steps inside the maternity floor waiting room and a need other than hunger suddenly consumed me. I faltered taking my next step as my head turned and zeroed in on Axton Cage, the only man who could ever evoke such a need in me. He was sitting in the corner of the dimly lit room, his phone in hand but his eyes glued to me. My nipples instantly hardened and I clenched my thighs together as my panties grew wet. My typical reaction to the Rock God.

He had been in the delivery room with Lana and Drake the entire time she had been in labor and then when she pushed Neveah out into the world. I hadn't said a word to him the entire six hours. No way was I going to stress my friend out during one of the most amazing-and amazingly painful-times of her life. So I had ignored everything and everyone, focusing on all the training I had gotten during my rotation for obstetrics. It hadn't ever been my first choice to do maternity, and it wasn't going to change any time soon. But for Lana I had made the exception, wanting to be with her for such an awe-inspiring moment.

Axton and Lana's father, Cole Steel, had kept quiet during the whole six hours of labor. I figured they had thought that as long as they remained mute Lana wouldn't scream and toss them out. She hadn't paid them much attention, too focused on breathing through her pain. Crazy bitch hadn't wanted an epidural. Drake had been pretty strong during the whole thing, even if I had seen the terrified look on his face as he helped bring his daughter into the world.

My hunger forgotten for the moment, I started to turn back to the door. I didn't have the energy to deal with Axton tonight. Hell, I doubted I would ever have the energy to deal with him. We only ever did two things well and both normally drained me to the point of no return. Sex wasn't on the agenda and never would be again. That only left fighting.

"Dallas..." His tone was almost imploring. Almost. Axton didn't normally beg, unless it was for my mouth on his dick. It was enough to make me pause with my hand on the doorknob but not to turn around.

It shouldn't hurt this much to be in the same room with him. If I hadn't been so tired I wouldn't have had to fight to keep my chin from trembling. I would have been able to reinforce the walls he had forced me to build around my heart.

"We never did get to talk after Shane's wedding."

I clenched my jaw, the reminder of our last weekend together giving me enough fuel for my anger to dry my tears and to turn around and glare at him. "Yeah, well it wasn't anything I wasn't expecting. All she ever had to do was say your name and you would go runnin' back to her."

He stood and tossed his phone on the seat beside him as he took a few steps toward me. As always he was acting casual, as if my anger didn't bother him. That was how it had always been with Ax. He brushed everything off like it didn't matter. It was one of the reasons why it was so easy to think he would never care about me the way I needed. "I had to go, Dallas. She was going to call the cops. Liam had drugs all over her apartment and if her nephew had gotten hold of any of them..." He broke off, his jaw clenched as if he couldn't stand to continue.

"So of course she called you." I nodded, my heart breaking a little more. "Not Wroth who is his cousin, or even Zander or Devlin who could just as easily have handled it. Because you always know how to fix what is wrong for her. Because she can't do anything without you there to hold her freakin' hand."

Axton sighed and thrust his hands into the front pockets of his jeans. "You have nothing to worry about when it comes to Gabriella and me. We've been over for a long time, baby. She means nothing to me. Less than nothing."

This wasn't the first time he had said those exact words to me. In the beginning of our relationship-if you could even call it that-I'd been sure that he was messing around with Gabriella Moreitti behind my back. The first night I had met the little Italian rocker I'd accused him of having sex with her during a party. He'd never denied it, just laughed it off. If anything he thought that my jealousy was amusing.

Stupid little blonde girl, already in love with him, jealous of everyone that even looked at her man.

That was how it had felt when he had laughed at me. Words that my mother would have used, mocking me in that laugh. It was true, though. I had been stupid. Stupid to have continued our sham of a relationship after that night. For wanting to work it out with him even though I was so insecure, convinced that he was cheating on me. I'd fought so hard to keep us together while he had just let me walk away in the end.

It was also true that I had been in love with him back then. I had fallen fast for him. He was everything I wanted, everything I'd needed. And the sex... The few lovers I'd had before Axton Cage had evaporated from my mind the instant he had touched me. But it hadn't been true that I was jealous of everyone that so much as looked at him. There was no reason for me to be jealous of every other woman in the world.

There were plenty of reasons to be jealous of Gabriella Moreitti, though.

The biggest was her name inked into his wrist. A tattoo that had been on his skin for years now. If he was through with that troll bitch then why was he still wearing her name?

"We could never work," I told him as I boldly met his eyes. "I want something you will never be able to give me."

Hazel eyes narrowed on me. "Why? Because you're with Liam now? Do you honestly think that he can give you what you want, Dallas? If anything, he's the one with the Gabriella issues."

I stiffened at the mention of Liam. What the fuck? What did Liam have to do with anything? "I'm not with Liam."

"Bullshit. I saw you kissing him on Sunday." His face tightened with anger. "His hands were all over you."

"What?" I blinked. Was I so tired that I was hearing things? No way had he just said that Liam was all over me. As much as I cared about him, I would never let him put his hands on me. Never. I could barely stand for people to touch me. It was a fucking miracle I could let Axton touch me as much as he had during our time together. I'd actually craved another human being's touch-I still did. It wasn't Liam that I craved, though, so I would never allow him to be 'all over me'.

I had been visiting Liam every Sunday since he had gone into rehab. For the first time Liam Bryant had gone willingly for treatment for his addiction. He was progressing admirably and as long as he had a good support group around him when he got out in a few short weeks, I was confident that he would be able to succeed this time around. When I had last seen him nearly a week ago he had kissed me before I left, but it was nothing like Axton was describing.

Liam and I were friends, really good friends. The kiss he had given me was nothing more than that...

The reality of what Axton was confessing to me suddenly hit me like a slap in the face. "Have you been followin' me, Ax?" Was he stalking me?

His hands clenched into fists, but he didn't deny it. "Don't change the subject, Dallas. If you're with Liam now, just say so."

"I am not with Liam!" I exclaimed, throwing my hands in the air, a sure sign that I was on the verge of an all-out tantrum. "I've just been helping him through his recovery. Something friends tend to do for each other."

"He's a loser. Liam has never lasted more than a few weeks of sobriety after getting out of rehab, and this time isn't going to be any different. He gets off on hot chicks wanting to fix him." Axton stepped closer, his hands reaching out and catching hold of my elbows. "He isn't good enough for you. Don't let him pull you down."

I jerked back, truly disgusted with Axton for the first time since I had met him. "You've known him forever. Liam is your band brother, Ax. But you don't seem to know anything about him. He's stronger than you realize. All he needs is someone to believe in him. Now I understand why it's taken him so long to make it this far with recovery. If this is how you and the rest of OtherWorld treat him then he's better off with no one."

"Damn it, Dallas. Liam Bryant destroys everything he touches. I don't want you to get hurt."

I shook my head. "No need to worry, Rock God. I'm safe with Liam." It's you that always hurts me.

Dallas

Happy New Year.

I glared at the cheerful banner that hung over the ER nurses' station. Colorful balloons hung around each side of it. I didn't need the banner to tell me that it was the end of one year, and come the end of my shift, I'd be going home to the beginning of a new one. The busyness of the ER told its own story of how wonderful it was.

Stomach viruses. Flu. Heart attack. Two strokes. A sprained ankle. A tot with a broken wrist. It sounded like a nurses Christmas carol. It wasn't. Christmas was over and done with. It was just typical evening shift for the busiest hospital in New York. Which made me question who had found time to hang that freaking banner in the first place? Someone was slacking and I couldn't deal with working with slackers. It meant I had to bust my ass twice as hard and I was already running on fumes-or so it felt like.

The only shining glory to it all was that I only had a few more days on my contract. By the end of next week I would be jobless and the woman I had been covering for would be back from maternity leave. Then and only then would I do a happy dance and celebrate with my two roommates with a night out at the club-something I hadn't gotten to do in over two years.

The radio system we used to communicate with inbound EMTs buzzed and I was the only one close enough to grab it. They were five minutes out with an unconscious MVA-motor vehicle accident-victim. A drunk driver had gone into oncoming traffic and collided head on with some guy's sports car. We were getting the victim while another hospital was getting the drunk driver-who the EMT said merely had a broken nose from his airbag.

I quickly scribbled down all the information as it was given to me and then rushed to get the closest trauma room ready. The patient hadn't been wearing a seatbelt and had been tossed through the windshield on impact. Head injury, internal bleeding, and possible spinal injuries as well. I paged radiology. We would need X-rays, CT scans, possibly even an ultrasound to rule out major internal bleeding of the abdomen. The crash cart was ready and waiting, as well as the surgeon on call-one of the top rated surgeons in the country. Another doctor stopped beside me just as the ambulance pulled to a stop in front of the sliding double doors. I rushed with the two doctors and another nurse to help the EMTs unload the patient.

I barely had a moment to take a quick glance at the man's face before I was pushing him into the trauma room and starting to work on him. An IV had already been put in his arm, fluids pumping into him at the fastest speed possible. An oxygen mask was on his face, while the EMT kept pumping the bag, giving the patient oxygen manually. I wish I knew the guy's name so I could talk to him. Let him know he wasn't alone. But there had been no time for identification before he had been transported. In the trauma room we moved him from the gurney to the bed already set up. I started giving the meds the doctors called out for, X-rays were already being snapped even though the room was full of people.

"Broken ribs," the surgeon called out and the nurse that was there to assist me started punching it into a computer by the sink. "His spine is swollen. I can't see if there are any breaks."

The IV in the patient's arm suddenly collapsed and I didn't even think before I started putting a new one in. Pushing up the sleeve of the man's torn and bloody shirt, I started to search for a vein when the ink on his bicep caught my attention...

Everything inside of me froze and I gasped. I knew that tattoo anywhere. The entire band had one somewhere on their body. A million things went through my head in the space of a second. No, it can't be! I reached for the oxygen mask and lifted it for a moment to confirm my worst fears. Tears pricked my eyes but I blinked them back. I couldn't panic now. Not when he needed me to stay calm and do my job so that I could save his life.

"Wait!" I cried when the other nurse started to give the medication the surgeon had instructed.

"What?" three people demanded at the same time. In a situation like this every second counted and I was wasting valuable time.

"We need to do a tox screen. He might... He might have cocaine or something just as harsh in his system." I hated even thinking it, but Liam had just gotten out of rehab less than a week ago. It was just as likely he could have started using again as it wasn't. I couldn't risk his life if he had fallen off the wagon, no matter how badly I wanted to believe in him.

"Do it!" the second doctor barked, and I didn't hesitate to draw the blood. There was a machine in the room that could give us a read-out within a minute and I rushed to do it as the other nurse put the IV line in that I hadn't finished.

"Negative." I breathed a sigh of relief. Liam hadn't reverted to old habits and gone in search of a fix less than a week out of rehab.

But his addiction wasn't something to worry about at the moment. His ruptured spleen and lacerated liver were. A broken leg to go along with the ribs and dislocated shoulder were minor compared to the fact that with all the swelling, Liam was liable to end up in a wheelchair. The pressure in his brain was already becoming too much and the OR was paged to prep for multiple surgeries STAT.

As I ran with the emergency team to push Liam's bed into the elevator, I was on auto pilot. I couldn't think past getting him upstairs and into the operating room. The surgery team was already waiting for us as the elevators opened. I wanted to go with him, but I wasn't certified for an operation like this.

As Liam was wheeled away and the double doors to the operating room closed behind him, I finally let the grief free and fell back against the nearest wall. Liam. He was dying. I could lose my newest and dearest friend...

It wasn't supposed to be like this. I'd just spoken with him on the phone two days ago. Had seen him just a few days before that at the last Sunday visitation at the rehab before his release. He had looked so healthy compared to how he had been when I had first dropped him off. Liam had been full of life and there hadn't been a drug in sight to help him through the demons that I knew he had. We had made plans to meet up this Sunday and just hang out because we had gotten so used to seeing each other on a weekly basis. Sundays were our days and I knew he looked forward to them just as much as I did-probably more since he considered me his only friend now.

I stood there for several minutes before the nurse that had been assisting me finally nudged me with her elbow. "A friend of yours?" All I could do was nod. "Do you need me to call anyone?"

Dread churned in my gut. There were phone calls that had to be made, but I was the only one who could do that. Otherwise the hospital would be descended on by vultures. The paps would be all over this story in a heartbeat. Legendary drug addict rocker in critical condition after a head-on collision with a drunk driver. They would automatically assume it had been Liam that had been at fault, Liam who had been the drunk driver. "No. I need to do that."

I rode the elevator back down to the ER, but instead of going to the nurses' station I went back to the break room and fished my cellphone from my coat pocket. My fingers were trembling as they hovered over the contact list. Whom should I call first?

His sister? Marissa was going to fall to pieces when she found out her beloved brother was hanging on the verge of death. Emmie? She was his manager, the one who would have to handle the press and everything else that would come with the news that Liam Bryant, the bassist for OtherWorld, had been in a car accident that involved a drunk driver. I had Devlin Cutter's number in my contact list. He was the drummer for OtherWorld, but he was in California at the moment.

Without thinking, I ran my finger across the name that I saw next and put the phone to my ear. It wasn't too late, just after eleven. Still, I knew she'd had plans for tonight that involved a sexy piece of fine, gay ass. Natalie and Linc seemed joined at the hip these days. They only had each other lately since I was always working and Harper had moved to the West Coast.

"Hey!" Natalie greeted on the fourth ring. Loud music was playing in the background and there was male and female laughter. "You get off early? Come party with us."

I sucked in a steadying breath. "Nat... I need your help."

My shift ended, but I didn't go home. Instead I went straight up to the OR waiting room and sat there. It was empty at the moment as only emergency surgery was done this time of night, but it wouldn't have mattered if the room were overflowing. I wouldn't have seen any of it. All I could think about was if my friend was okay.

I sat there for nearly an hour before the first call came in. It was Emmie, assuring me that she would be out on the first available plane. With the weather and everyone traveling back home after the holidays she couldn't even charter a plane, so she was on standby. We didn't chat for more than a minute. When she hung up, the phone rang again. It was Marissa's number but Wroth on the line. They couldn't get a flight out of Tennessee until the next afternoon so he was going to drive Marissa up tonight. I promised Liam's cousin I would keep him informed while listening to a sobbing Marissa in the background. I adored Marissa. She was the kind of person who you were just drawn to whether you wanted to or not. Her grief only escalated my own and made my chest hurt.

Another hour passed and Natalie showed up. She had been taking care of security and countless other things that Emmie had ordered her to deal with. Now that she had a free moment, she sat down beside me. Neither of us spoke, but Natalie put her hand in mine and I clasped it tightly in thanks for her silent support. I could barely deal with that much human contact without flinching away. My hands felt frozen compared to Natalie's warmer ones.

It was nearly two in the morning before the surgeon who had been with me when Liam was brought in finally came out. His shirt was soaked with sweat and his face was gray with strain. When he spotted me sitting there his eyes widened but he didn't hesitate to approach me. I stood, my fingers numb and trembling. "He's a friend of yours?"

I nodded. "Yes. His sister is on her way, but until then I'm all he has."

Doctor Jenson sighed as he ran a hand over his sweaty forehead. "Okay, Dallas. At least I don't have to sugarcoat it for you."

"Is he alive?" I demanded, needing to know that before he spoke another word.

"Yes." A relieved sob escaped me before I could call it back and the doctor's face tightened. "Barely."

"So just spit it out," I commanded, too distraught to care about manners. My emotions were too close to the surface and I was about to snap.

"I relieved the pressure on his brain. There was so much swelling that I had no other choice. His spleen was removed and we were able to stop the bleeding from his liver. While he was under, he seized twice, complicating the process, but he is stable at the moment." I twisted my fingers together but nodded in understanding so Dr. Jenson continued. "His wrist was set, but on top of that he is going to have to undergo a few more surgeries within the next few days. His left leg is shattered, not just broken, and will need a rod to replace his femur. As for the spine, I've had to call in a consultant for that. With all the swelling there is no way to rule out spinal injuries."

"What are you going to do for now?"

Jenson grimaced. "He's in ICU at the moment. Unconscious. His brain activity is slow at best. The next twenty-four to forty-eight hours are going to be difficult. I don't know if there is any brain damage, or what other effects he could have sustained from the severity of the brain bleed that caused all of the pressure." He reached for my hands and gave them a comforting squeeze before stepping back. "I'll keep you posted, Dallas. Someone will come out and let you know when he's settled in ICU and you can visit him for a few minutes. Maybe hearing a familiar voice will help."

All I could do was nod and he turned for the door. When it was closed behind him, I fell down in the chair next to Natalie once more. She had been listening intently to the whole conversation. We continued to sit there. Quiet. Anxious. Praying.

Axton

The party was still going strong. There was booze flowing freely. Chicks running around in various stages of nakedness. The music was kickass. Everyone was having a rockin' time even though the ball had dropped over an hour ago. This was my party. I had set it up on the spur of the moment. Made a few phone calls and let nature take over from there. My neighbors were either in attendance or out at their own New Year's parties because I hadn't received any complaints.

The only problem?

I was bored. Out. Of. My. Fucking. Mind.

To me the booze tasted like ass. The music was giving me a raging headache. And the chicks? I had hot chicks trying to stick their tongues down my throat-or in other places-but I couldn't find the enthusiasm to take them up on the offers. Nothing held an appeal. The world seemed fuzzy and colorless.

It was all Dallas's fault.

She had wormed her way in too deep. Wrapped my heart in roots with her name tattooed on them. Now I couldn't even get hard for another woman. Couldn't do jack shit because she wanted nothing to do with me.

Not for the first time, my phone vibrated and I barely glanced down at it to check the caller ID. Emmie. Again. I grimaced and hit the ignore button even though every fiber inside of me was screaming to answer her call. It went against nature not to jump on my phone the instant that little redhead's name and picture popped up on my cell. My gut clenched. My heart felt speared through.

I was being a dick for not answering. I'd been nothing but a dick for the last several weeks. It wasn't Emmie's fault I couldn't get my life figured out right now. If anything she was probably the only one still on my side. Fuck. She was the only one who had ever been on my side-the only person who had ever cared about me unconditionally.

For the longest time I had been blind to my true feelings about Emmie. Had thought for sure that I was in love with that girl. I might still be thinking along those lines if it hadn't been for Dallas... The phone stopped vibrating and I breathed a sigh of relief. I'd been seconds away from actually answering this time.

People came up to sit beside me where I was camped out on my couch. I didn't pay them any attention. Ignored anything they tried to say to me. Didn't they understand that I didn't care if they drank all my booze, trashed my apartment, or even stole my shit when they left? All I wanted was to be left alone.

How long I just sat there staring off into space, ignoring my phone, I wasn't sure. When someone's hand smacked across my face in an all-too-familiar sting I blinked and glared up at the little Italian goddess standing over me. "What the fuck, Gabriella?"

The tears are what caught me off guard. I got to my feet quickly, never able to stand the sight of her tears. Damn it. I might not be in love with her, but I'd tried to fall for her. Tried so fucking hard that I had even inked her name into my skin to help lie to myself a little better. "What is it?" I demanded. Gabriella Moreitti was not a crier for just any reason. If she was this upset then something was definitely wrong. "Jordan?"

She shook her head, the tears falling harder. "Liam. It's all over the news. He was in an accident tonight. Drunk driver. It's all kinds of confusing. Some are saying it's his fault, others are saying he was completely sober. But they are all saying he is in critical condition." She grabbed my arms, hard. "No one will fucking tell me anything, Ax. And I can't get past the fucking guards at the hospital. They won't let me near him. Please. Please, Ax. Help me. I need to see him. To talk to him." A sob raked her body and she buried her face in my chest. "I never should have broken up with him."

Guilt washed over me and I felt my own eyes start to sting. Liam. No wonder Emmie hadn't given up calling me. I was the only one even in New York at the moment, so of course she would want me at the hospital with my bandmate. Cursing, I grasped her hand and pulled her out of the apartment.

A car was already waiting for us. Gabriella's grandfather's driver hit the gas as soon as we were inside. She was still crying so I wrapped an arm around her shoulders and lifted my phone to my ear to listen to Emmie's many voice mails. I was such a douchebag. Fucking, fuck. I sucked at being a friend and band member.

OtherWorld was nothing like Demon's Wings. We were friends, sure. Some of us more than others. Devlin and Zander? They had grown up on the bad side of town, and only had each other to rely on. Wroth and Liam? Their blood bond made them tight, even if Wroth seemed to hate his cousin at times. I was the outcast-the rich boy who they had only put up with in the beginning because they had needed me to replace their vocalist.

We didn't know what was going on in each other's lives. Didn't connect regularly unless we were on tour and had to put up with each other. They weren't my family. Not like Nik, Drake, Shane, and Jesse were. Harris sure as hell didn't call me Uncle Ax like Mia and Lucy did.

But that didn't mean I was emotionless when I found out just how bad Liam's condition was in Emmie's last voice mail. Damn, how was he still alive if all of that was wrong with him?

As soon as the car stopped, Gabriella was out and pulling me with her. There were paps everywhere. Cameras, reporters, even news vans. Cameras flashed as Gabriella pulled me toward the hospital entrance. Four big men in suits stood guard. When they recognized me they nodded but tried to stop Gabriella as she passed.

"She's with me," I barked at the man and tucked her closer to me.

After a small hesitation the guard nodded and let her pass. I didn't need to ask anyone where Liam was. The trail of guards was like neon beacons. Two were stationed at the elevators. Two more when we stepped off. Another one at the ICU waiting room door, and another two outside the ICU ward. Even though Emmie wasn't here, I could see her handiwork. Or Natalie's, who followed Emmie's every direction without question.

As soon as the door opened I saw the only thing that had been on my mind all evening long.

Dallas sat on a plastic chair hunched over. Natalie sat with her on one side and Linc on the other. She had on her work scrubs in a baby blue that reminded me of her eyes. Her hair was pulled back into a ponytail but strands had come down, framing her beautiful face. Her head snapped up when she heard the door open and her eyes instantly turned cold.

I turned my attention to Drake who stood in a corner looking exhausted, no sign of Lana and the baby. It was safer for the moment to look anywhere but at Dallas.

"How is he?" Gabriella demanded of Dallas, not caring that she had just stepped into a war zone.

I'd heard about the cat fight between Layla and Gabriella followed just as quickly by the beating Emmie had given Gabriella. My ex had known what she was up against then, and had still ran her mouth to Em. Gabriella had no clue what she was up against when it came to Dallas-fuck, I had no clue what she was up against. It was going to depend on the mood Dallas was in but it could go either way right then.

"You would fucking know if you hadn't turned your back on him," Dallas growled, getting to her feet so quickly that if Linc hadn't grabbed her around the waist she would have been on top of Gabriella in less than a blink of an eye. She struggled against the hold Linc had on her waist. The man was nothing but muscle but seemed to be having some difficulty holding onto Dallas.

I heard a sob tear from Gabriella's chest. "I know," she whispered brokenly.

Damn. Gabriella crying wasn't something I could handle. Not because I still thought myself in love with her-something I had never actually thought-but because it took so much to make her cry. I knew how upset she must be over Liam being in a car accident. Her cousin, Alexis, had been in a wreck that had nearly killed her and for a while, robbed her of the ability to walk. This had to be twice as horrific to Gabriella now.

Instead of touching her I stayed where I was, because yeah, as stupid as I had been in the past, I wasn't so dumb that I didn't see what the outcome of offering Gabriella comfort right then would be. For one Gabriella probably would rip my head off for even offering. For another... Dallas was liable to break Linc's arm to get free and then rip my favorite organ off and stomp on it.

I glanced at Natalie. "Is there any news on Liam?"

She got to her feet slowly. I knew she was professional and efficient enough that she wouldn't spit in my face, but the coldness in her eyes told me exactly where her loyalties were and they were with the still-struggling nurse behind her. "He's out of surgery, but he's still in critical care. They haven't let us see him yet, but someone should be out soon to let Dallas back. I need her in there to tell me exactly what's going on so I can let Emmie know."

"What happened?" I still wasn't completely sure what had gone on. "Was he high?"

My question had Dallas fighting harder against Linc. "No, he wasn't fucking high!" she screamed, spit flying out of her mouth she was so wild now. "He's clean. I did the tox screen myself." Gabriella sobbed again, shaking her head and muttering to herself in Italian. "He's cleaned up his act, you asshat. And he doesn't need pricks like you pushing him back down."

That surprised me because I was sure that Liam would have been the intoxicated driver at fault. Guilt ate at me for not having faith in my friend, but he had given me plenty of reasons in the past not to trust him when it came to his sobriety. "How badly was he hurt?"

Natalie sighed and started counting off on her fingers the things the doctor said were going on with Liam. Each one seemed to be worse than the last and my stomach started to toss and turn as I realized that Liam was in some serious shit here. My first thought, however, wasn't for Liam, but for his sister. Marissa would have no blood family left if Liam died. As much as I disliked Liam at times, Marissa was a different matter. No one-absolutely no one-could meet Marissa and not instantly care about her. She was too sweet, too pure of heart. She had been through too much in her life. Losing her brother shouldn't be added to that long list.

Natalie was still talking when the door opened behind me and a nurse walked in. "Dallas, you can come back now if you're ready."

Gabriella turned as soon as she heard the other nurse's voice. At five-foot-six, the nurse stood over Gabriella a good three inches and possibly outweighed her by twenty pounds, but that didn't seem to matter. Gabriella grasped the woman's arms, causing her to wince in pain. "Please. I have to see him. Please, I'm begging you."

The nurse raised a brow at the little Italian. "Are you family?" When Gabriella hesitated the nurse shook her head. "Sorry, but only family can see him."

"No. Please. I'm going to marry him. Doesn't that count for anything?" She was sobbing again. "I love him..."

Everyone in the room was so shocked that no one moved for a moment. Even Dallas seemed so surprised by the confession that she stopped struggling. I was bowled over. Gabriella wanted to marry Liam? The girl was a slave to her music and had always told me, and on countless times especially her grandfather, that she would never marry anyone unless they were one hundred and fifty percent completely her soul mate. We had both known I wasn't in that category and honestly the very idea of marrying her had terrified me.

The nurse cleared her throat. "Err, well..." She glanced behind me to Dallas. "It's up to you, Dallas. Doctor Jenson said that you have complete say on who goes in or out."

Linc finally released his hold on the willowy blonde and she stood as if she hadn't just been wrestling to free herself from the muscle-headed beast. Brushing past me as if she didn't even see me, Dallas crossed to the door and grabbed Gabriella by the shoulders. Her eyes raked over the little Italian for a long moment. Brown eyes silently pleaded with blue until Dallas finally shook her head. "You can't go back there if you are going to fall to pieces. He's in a fragile state right now. Do you understand me, Gabriella? If I let you back there you can't scream, sob, or even whimper. Understand?" She nodded mutely.

"I'm probably going to regret this..." She grasped Gabriella by the elbow and pulled her from the room with her. "I swear I'll kick your little ass if you don't listen to me."

"You think someone should go with them? Make sure Dallas doesn't actually kill the chick while behind closed doors?"

I turned my head to find Drake frowning after the two women. "Would you honestly care if she did?"

Drake shrugged. "Not really, but Angel would probably have a few things to say if I didn't at least attempt to keep her friend from a murder rap."

Dallas

I'd lost my fucking mind.

There just wasn't any other excuse for why I had gone all soft and let bitch-troll Gabriella Moreitti come back with me to see my friend. Or maybe it was because I had been up for nearly twenty-four hours without much of a break physically and now emotionally.

Inside the ICU ward, I nodded my head at one of the nurses seated at the nurses' station watching heart monitors. She gave me a grim smile and nodded to the room directly in front of her. I didn't move immediately, though. I was having to psych myself up to go inside that small room with the glass wall overlooking the nurses' station.

Having worked in the ER downstairs for over four months now, I had seen some pretty gruesome shit. I've seen everything from a man bleed out from a gunshot wound to the abdomen, to a defenseless baby with third degree burns from head to toe from where his mother had spilled scalding spaghetti water on him-a complete and tragic accident. I'd had to be strong and do my job as I rushed to help save both even though there hadn't been anything anyone could have done for either.

Now, as I stood outside of the ICU room where a man I considered as much a close friend as Linc was to me, I found I couldn't get my mind to kick over to nurse mode. It was stuck on friend and loved one and I was starting to tremble. Liam was so young and he had finally gotten his life on the right track. This wasn't fair. Life wasn't fair. I wanted to scream and shout and... Pray.

"Why have you stopped?" Gabriella demanded in a quiet voice shaking with tears. "Please, Dallas. I have to see him or I'm going to go insane."

It was the use of my actual name instead of the usual 'slut' and 'bitch' that Gabriella had used on the few occasions we had actually been in the same room together that slapped some sense into me. I sucked in two deep breaths to steady myself and tightened my grip on her elbow. I wasn't sure if Liam would thank me or hate me for letting his ex in to see him like this, but I wasn't going to regret it. I knew he was in deep where Gabriella was concerned.

Over the two months that he was in rehab and I had made my weekly trips up to see him, we had shared a lot of ourselves with each other. He knew all about how crappy my life with my mother had been and I knew just about everything from his past-from the reason why Liam and Devlin really and truly hated each other, to Marissa's illness, to how long Liam had been in love with Gabriella Moreitti.

The glass wall slid back as we neared, letting us inside. Beside me, a small, distressed mewl came from Gabriella but I couldn't call her out on it when the same noise was coming out of me, too.

Shit. Oh, dear lord. Shit. Shit. Shit.

Tears burned my eyes and I sucked in a shuddering breath as I stepped closer to the bed. Monitors were beeping and I glanced at them for a moment to see how well he really was doing. Not great. Heart rate and blood pressure were low. Brain activity was nearly nonexistent. Oxygen levels were stable, but only because he had a tube down his throat to help him.

Almost reluctantly, I forced my eyes to skim over my friend. He didn't look like the Liam I knew and had come to love. His face was one big bruise with cuts everywhere from the glass of the windshield he had been tossed through. Wires and IV lines stuck out from all directions; some monitoring, others keeping him hydrated and giving blood since he had lost so much before and while the surgeon had worked on him. Casts stabilized bones that still needed special attention. There was a bandage around his head from where the doctor had relieved pressure from his swelling brain and I knew he was going to be pissed when he woke up and found half his head had been shaved.

"L-L-Liam?" I glanced to where Gabriella was now standing beside the bed, her hands hovering hesitantly over Liam's battered face. Tears streamed down her face and her lips were trembling. I would only admit this to myself, but Gabriella was a very beautiful woman. When she cried, however? Not so much. At least she wasn't afraid to ugly-cry like that over the man she might love.

I swallowed a wave of bitchiness that burst to my lips. This wasn't the time to vent my hatred for this chick at her. It was apparent that right then and there she really was in love with Liam Bryant. But while she might be in love with someone else, that didn't mean that Axton's emotions weren't still involved with the little Italian rocker. Honestly... That was the one thing that made me hate the girl the most.

She had the one thing I knew I would never get... But still craved with everything inside of me.

I cleared my throat. "You can touch him. He most likely doesn't feel any pain right now. Talk to him. I'm not sure if he can actually hear you or not, but don't waste the chance. I'm not sure if you will be let in here again once Emmie gets here."

Gabriella's jaw clenched but she just nodded. "Liam... I'm so sorry," she whispered, finally letting her fingers trace over his jaw and then his lips. Her hand noticeably trembled but that didn't stop her. She didn't seem to notice that his heart monitor changed at the sound of her voice or with each caress. "I never should have broken up with you. Maybe if...if..." She stopped and sucked in a steadying breath. "Maybe if I had fought harder for us, for you... this might not have ever happened. We could have been in California at Lee-Lee's New Year's party right now..." Her voice broke on Lee-Lee's name and a fresh stream of tears flooded down her cheeks. "I love you, Liam. I love you so much."

When she lifted her hand, the heart monitor protested, his heart rate dropping all over again. I bit my lip, ready to shout at Gabriella to keep touching him. But there was no need because she simply moved to his hand, entwining their fingers and lowering her head to kiss the back of it. "I love you," she whispered again.

His heart rate jumped again and started to even out at a steady rate. I sighed in relief and backed up until I reached the door. The nurse at the station was already looking toward Liam's room, having just watched the dramatic changes in his heart rate from the monitor at her desk. "I'll get her a chair then call the doctor."

I just nodded and returned to standing on the opposite side of Liam's bed. I didn't care how tired that little bitch got. She wasn't going anywhere until I knew Liam was out of danger.

Dallas

Six days. I'd been at the hospital for six days straight. My contract had ended and I hadn't even blinked as I'd signed the papers my boss had come up to the ICU waiting room to have me sign. I was exhausted, so, so exhausted. It was hard to sleep in a plastic chair, and even harder to lie across them. Especially when there were others in the room trying to sleep, too.

The ICU waiting room had been turned into the OtherWorld waiting room. Family members of other ICU patients were asked to wait in another, smaller room down the hall. It was for everyone's protection, not just for privacy from the countless journalists trying to get up to sneak a peek at the haggard friends and family members of notorious rocker Liam Bryant as they waited for him to wake up. Fans had been trying to get in too, and that had made it dangerous for everyone who was in the waiting room. Crazy girls who wanted to get in to see Liam, or the other band members. A man that had wanted to finish Liam off for whatever reason. Seller and Associates security firm was out in full force and Emmie had more on standby in case things escalated.

The last six days felt like a blur now, but they had actually been a mixture of emotional overload, drama-filled tension, and the wearisomeness of waiting, waiting, and more waiting. Marissa had arrived with Wroth first. She had been an emotional mess before she got to see her brother, and afterwards had to be sedated because she was nearly hysterical. Wroth hadn't left her side since. Emmie arrived with Nik and Mia. While Emmie got busy making statements to the press, Drake had taken Mia to his house to leave her with Lana and the baby so that the little girl didn't have to be exposed to the stressful situation. Zander and Devlin arrived with Devlin's son, Harris, who should have been taken to stay with Lana as well, but demanded to be allowed to stay.

Few of the newcomers rarely left the waiting room. Emmie mostly being the exception. She and Natalie were kept on their toes with answering phone calls. And wondering if she was going to have to find a bassist for the upcoming tour that would start in March. She'd tried to get OtherWorld out of the tour that was going to go up and down the East Coast, but contracts had been signed and if the band pulled out, then Emmie as well as OtherWorld would be sued by the band's label for libel. They didn't seem to care that Liam was fighting for his life, which had forced Emmie to question if OtherWorld or Demon's Wings would be renewing their contract with the record company when it came time to do so at the end of the year. Thankfully, if things did come down to it, Shane Stevenson had offered to fill in until Liam was able to proceed.

Food was brought in, and blankets and pillows provided, which everyone turned into makeshift beds on the floor. It wasn't that we couldn't leave, we just didn't want to. At least that was my reason for staying. The crowd of screaming paps outside was not holding me hostage, as might have been the case with the others.

Liam had been through so much over the last six days. More surgeries to fix his broken bones. Countless specialists came and went until they were all just a white coat or surgical scrubs instead of faces. The swelling had barely gone down around Liam's spine, but it was enough to show that he didn't have any breaks or major trauma. Of course it had taken Gabriella's cousin coming in with her brother who was one of the top rated spinal injury specialists in the country to figure that out.

Through it all, Liam hadn't opened his eyes once. He was in a coma and the doctors had suspected that it was his body's way of trying to conserve energy as it healed from the majority of his injuries. It had taken three days for his heart rate and brain activity to stabilize without having Gabriella touching him continuously. I'd been impressed with the little Italian's staying power during that time. When it looked like Liam was going to be okay without her having to stay by his side twenty-four seven, the ICU team had told her she would have to wait in the waiting room with everyone else.

That was when the drama-filled tension had really set in. Emmie spent more and more time outside of the waiting room, finding things that needed her attention so that she didn't have to be in the same room with her archenemy for long periods of time. I was surprised that Emmie didn't kick Gabriella out as soon as she could. I was certain it was because Marissa, who was finally coming out of her state of extreme shock, had asked Emmie not to. It hadn't hurt that Gabriella had been useful in having an in with Dr. Vince Shepard, who had dropped everything at Gabriella's request to fly to New York to consult on Liam's case.

I'd been praying for so long, and so far those prayers had gone unanswered. I was starting to figure that, like most everyone else in Liam's life, God-or any god, since Emmie swore by more than one-had counted him off as a lost cause and was putting all his heavenly powers elsewhere.

Needing to get up and stretch, I stood and lifted my arms above my head as I surveyed the rest of the room. Everyone was quiet, as they had mostly been over the last six days. Marissa was sitting with her head in Wroth's lap as he ran his long, thick fingers through her hair. The look on his face was tortured and for the hundredth time since I'd met both of them I wondered if there was something going on. Marissa seemed so innocent, and Wroth never touched her like a lover, but the way they looked at each other when they assumed no one else was watching was full of secrets and longing.

Across from Wroth sat Devlin, Zander and Natalie. The rockers didn't look all the worse for wear, and I assumed it was from all the years of touring and the unpredictable sleep schedule that went with it. Natalie, who had been going home at night with Linc to get a few hours of sleep in her own bed, looked more tired than they did. Still, Natalie had been working her ass off with Emmie.

Natalie was scheduled to go on tour with OtherWorld in March and for the last few weeks she had been trying to make friends with the band. She had seemed to get the closest with Zander friend-wise, but I knew that she was crushing on Devlin in the worst way, which was why she tended to hide it behind disdain for the long-haired, sexy drummer.

A few seats down from the three sat Gabriella Moreitti. She was alone, as she had been before and after her cousin had arrived. The chick had been quiet, and I wasn't yet sure if it was because she didn't want to draw attention to herself from Emmie or anyone else, or if she was just so lost in her thoughts that she didn't notice anyone else was in the room.

On the only couch in the room sat Emmie, who was finally taking a breather from running her ass off all day long. She sat in the middle of Axton and her husband. Both had an arm around her shoulders, as they whispered back and forth. Nik, seeing my eyes were on the three of them, paused before giving me a grin and a wink. I found the energy to smile back, because there was no way I couldn't not smile at Nik Armstrong if he was granting me one of his sinfully gorgeous smiles.

Drake and Linc weren't present at the moment. Linc still had to work, but he was stopping by every night to check in and take Natalie home. It made me feel better that he was with her and could protect her from all the grabby hands of the crazies outside. Drake only spent a few hours each day with us. He didn't like to leave Lana alone with Neveah and Mia for too long. Lana, who thankfully hadn't had too horrible of an episode with post-partum after the baby had been born was, however, fighting some anemia issues and tired out easily.

Finally, my gaze fell on Harris who was sitting by the closest window to the door, staring off into space. He had a tormented look on his face and I couldn't help but want to reach out to the boy. I glanced at my watch and then back at him. Making my decision, I grabbed his elbow and tugged him up and out the door with me.

"Where are we going?" he asked quietly as I headed to the double doors that kept us out of the ICU ward.

"You haven't been back to see him since you got here." A look of apprehension crossed Harris's face but he didn't protest as I punched in the code that was used to unlock nearly every door in the building. With my hand still on his arm, I pulled him through the door and up to the nurses' station.

The nurse whom I'd come to be thankful for over the last few days was on duty tonight and I offered her a tired smile as we stood in front of her. Her gaze lifted from where she had been watching the heart monitors and smiled back. "I know we're a few minutes early, but Harris hasn't gotten to visit with his uncle yet and with everyone else wanting a few minutes he probably won't get to see him when visiting hours do start at six."

The nurse hesitated before waving us on our way. I gave her a salute in thanks and turned Harris around. Liam was the most critical patient in ICU at the moment, which was saying a lot as there were several other patients who were basically knocking on death's door. Being the most critical meant that Liam's room was right in front of the nurses' station. The glass door opened soundlessly as we stepped right in front of it and I tugged Harris inside.

The two of us stood beside Liam's bed, and I felt a small whisper of relief as I noticed that he had a little more color today. His vitals were improving, but he still hadn't woken up. Several MRIs had shown that there didn't appear to be any noticeable brain damage, and with the brain activity lately, that was further proof that his body was trying to heal itself, which was why he hadn't yet woken up.

Beside me, Harris was looking anywhere but at Liam. I wrapped my arm around his shoulders. At fourteen, Harris was almost taller than me. I'd watched him closely over the last few days, and knew that he was the clone of his father. Devlin and Harris were incredibly close considering the rocky start that the two had had as father and son. A start that Liam had told me all about.

"It's okay, Harris. He's going to be okay." For the first time in six days I was finally starting to believe that myself. "Why don't you talk to him?"

With his eyes still averted, Harris cleared his throat. I knew that Harris and Liam weren't close, and it was because of the hard feelings that Devlin and Liam still carried. I was surprised that either were able to tour with the other feeling the way they did about the past. "He was almost my dad... Did you know that?"

I gave his shoulder a squeeze. "Yeah, Harris. Liam told me all about that."

My answer surprised him enough to make him look at me. The tears in his eyes made my heart clench for him. For Liam, too. Because for a whole nine months, Liam had thought that Harris was going to be his child. Liam and Tawny had been high school sweethearts. She'd been by his side through all his ups and downs. When OtherWorld was formed she would follow them around from gig to gig until their original manager had discovered them and gotten them an amazing record deal. That was when the real Tawny had come out. She had only been along for the ride, or so Liam had told me.

While his back was turned, Tawny had been sleeping with anyone who would touch her. And if they didn't want to touch her-cough, cough, Devlin-then she got him loaded and seduced him. When Tawny found out she was pregnant, she had known that the baby wasn't Liam's but she pretended otherwise. It wasn't until the hospital had accidently done a blood typing on Harris that it became clear that Liam couldn't possibly be the father. Harris had a rare blood type-Devlin's blood type.

"My mom told me all about Liam when I was six. Before she died..." He sucked in a breath and I watched his throat bob up and down as he swallowed hard. "She loved him, ya know?"

I tried not to grimace, because Tawny had only loved herself from what I could tell, having used Harris as a kind of ATM when it came to getting money from Devlin. Torturing Liam for years with things that hadn't been his fault. "Did she?"

He wasn't as good as me when it came to hiding his grimace. "No. I've just been lying to myself for the last few days. My mom didn't love anyone. She was a crazy whore."

"Harris..."

"Sorry, Dallas." He shook his head. "I'm just stating the truth. My mom had me because she thought it would keep Liam anchored to her. She wanted to be the famous rock star's wife. When he started losing interest, she tricked my dad into having sex with her. He wouldn't marry her any more than Liam would and I got tossed back and forth between a woman that claimed to love me in public, but treated me like a dog behind closed doors; to my dad who didn't know how to handle me at first because he was still a kid himself." His gaze went to Liam, lying so motionless in the bed. "Before Dad got the hang of it, and despite all the bad blood I had caused between two best friends by being born, Liam still seemed to love me. He bought me presents, and talked to me like I wasn't to blame..."

His confession about how his mother had treated him brought back some bad memories of my own childhood and I couldn't help but feel a little closer to the kid. "Honey, you weren't. None of what happened back then was your fault," I said, rushing to reassure him. "And Liam, he's a really good guy. I've found that out first hand recently. He would never blame you for anything that happened between him and your mom and dad. He cares about you, kiddo."

Aquamarine eyes lifted to mine, shining with a mixture of denial and hope. "When Liam started getting into the drugs more and more, Dad wouldn't let me near Liam. Then when things started getting worse, I thought it was because of me and my mom. She told me that he really started hitting them harder when I was born."

Stupid bitch. She had been filling her son's head full of all kinds of stupid things before she had died. I wondered if Devlin knew how much guilt she had heaved onto his shoulders. For the first time in my life I was glad that another human being was dead. If she hadn't been, I might have sent her to hell personally. "Harris, I think you should talk to your dad about this, but I want to tell you something first, okay?" He nodded after a brief pause and I gave him the biggest smile I could muster because I was so exhausted. "You weren't to blame for anything Liam does. Not then, not now, not ever. He loves you, Harris. He loved you when he thought you were his, and he couldn't turn that off afterwards. And I can see that you love him too."

"Yeah, I love him. He's not my dad, but I love him." He cleared his throat again. "But I never told him."

"Maybe you should tell him now." I nudged him toward the bed. "You tell him what's on your mind." When his face filled with embarrassment, I stepped away. "I'll give you a few minutes so don't worry about telling him how you really feel. Okay?"

As I stepped through the sliding glass door, I found Devlin and Marissa standing at the nurse's station watching us. Devlin's jaw was clenched as he watched his son over my shoulder. "He okay?"

I nodded. "He's got a lot of guilt, Devlin. Tawny filled his mind with all kinds of crap." When his startled eyes landed on me, I bit my lip. "Liam told me."

Marissa gasped. "He told you? He never tells anyone. He wouldn't even talk about it with me."

I shrugged and glanced back at Harris through the glass wall. He was holding Liam's hand now. His lips were moving but I couldn't hear anything he was saying. "It was nothing against you, Marissa. Liam just needed to get everything off his chest and I was there." I was the only one there the entire time he had been in rehab. It had pissed me off that they had all seemed to give up on him. Even Marissa. But with everything that had happened over the last six days, I couldn't hold onto my anger at them for deserting him. It might have just been the push that everyone in Liam Bryant's life had needed.

Axton

The breathing tube was out. That meant something good, right? Emmie and Dallas both seemed to take that as a good sign so I was going to do the same. The doctors had taken the tube out the night before, and apparently Liam was breathing on his own. Gabriella had curled up into a broken little ball in a chair and cried herself to sleep afterwards and I'd been torn between wanting to offer her some form of comfort and leaving her alone.

Every few hours the ICU would let two of us back at a time. We couldn't stay long, because everyone wanted to see him, and we were only allotted half an hour at the most. Gabriella always found a way to get back there, even if it was only for a second or two. I didn't go in to see Liam as often as the others did, though. It wasn't that I didn't want to, but that I didn't know what to do when I did go in. I didn't dare touch him, and every time I had opened my mouth to say something my mind would go blank and I would just stand there with my mouth gaping open for a few minutes before finally leaving.

I wanted to tell him how much I'd come to love him and my other bandmates over the last fifteen years we had been together. Or how sorry I was for turning my back on him when he was at his lowest. All of the things Dallas had thrown at me weeks ago came back to haunt me over and over again.

Emmie sat down on the hard couch next to me and wrapped her arm around my waist before pillowing her head on my chest. I glanced around for Nik and found him standing in the corner closest to the vending machines. He was talking with Drake and Wroth, but when he saw his wife cuddle up to me, he stopped. I gave him a helpless look and he shook his head, and with a grin he turned his attention back to the conversation.

I breathed a sigh of relief, because I didn't want to get Nik pissed at me, but I sure as hell didn't want to turn down some cuddle time with Emmie. Having gotten the green light from Nik, I wrapped my arms around her and pulled her closer. "Everything okay?" I asked quietly enough so that no one would hear.

"Just tired."

"Baby number two giving you problems? 'Cause I have no problem taking you to the hospital again." I was teasing her, but that night that Emmie had passed out in my car still broke me out in a cold sweat every time I thought about it. This woman was my best friend in the world. She had been the first person to ever love me for me and I loved her more than life. That night I'd thought I was going to lose her and that just wasn't a possibility for me or my sanity.

Emmie's laugh was short and sweet. "No, the morning sickness is pretty much gone now. I'm moving into the sleep phase."

"You should go back to Drake's and take a nap." I combed my fingers through her hair, feeling at peace for the first time in a very long time. Emmie had always had that effect on me. It was one of the reasons why I'd thought I was in love with her for so long. If Dallas hadn't come along, I might still be thinking it and torturing myself with wanting something I had always known I couldn't have. Nik had always been it for Em.

"I plan on heading that way after the next visit. I have to give an update to the press downstairs then I'm going to crawl into bed with my husband and not get up until lunch time tomorrow." Emmie yawned then looked up at me with a concerned frown. "You should go home too, Ax. You have dark circles under your eyes so bad they look like bruises."

They felt like bruises. My entire body was one big ache from sleeping in a chair for the last seven days. But there was no way I was leaving until Liam was awake. I owed that much to him at least.

And it had nothing to do with wanting to be so close to Dallas.

Without realizing it, my gaze went to her. It didn't matter where she was in the room, I always knew exactly where she was. Right now she was sitting by the window with a cup of soup in her hands. Linc had made a huge pot of her favorite soup and brought it to share with us for dinner tonight. I'd never been so happy to have a bowl of soup in my life. Freaking fast food for the last week was not my idea of fun anymore.

Her hair was up in a messy bun because she hadn't left the hospital either and it needed washing. Face, makeup-free. Clothes, wrinkled but clean since Linc and Natalie had been bringing her fresh outfits every day. To my tired eyes, Dallas had never looked more beautiful. Not even the first night I had made her mine.

I remembered every moment I'd ever had with Dallas, but the one that stuck in my mind the most was the first night I had kissed her. It was also the first night I had possessed that tight body of hers. She had been wearing this little outfit, something I was in no way unused to, but on her it had blown my mind. I'd been chasing after her for a while by that point, determined that if I couldn't get between her legs then I didn't want anyone else. That night she had finally let me catch her...

"Are you sure about this place?"

I turned to glance at Shane and Harper over my shoulder as we entered the night club. "I've been here a few times. It might look seedy on the outside but it is above par on the inside." That was one of the things I liked so much about Club Ventuno. Gabriella had brought me here the first time and I had been just as skeptical as Shane was.

As we finally got through the small corridor and into the actual club, we went from seedy to legendary. The club was full, but not so packed that you felt like you were gonna be swallowed by the crowd. The lighting was dim, so no one could tell exactly who you were from across the room. A DJ was mixing some kick ass dance music from a platform in the back corner while a bar as long as the room was wide took up the other side of the dance floor.

We went straight to the bar for drinks but as soon as I told the bartender what I wanted, I turned to Harper. "When is your friend gonna get here?"

Harper's violet eyes widened. "I thought you would have given up by now. She's not interested."

I snorted, unable to believe that was true. I'd been chasing after Dallas for five weeks now and while she rolled her blue eyes at me and ran her sexy mouth, I could see the fire in her eyes that she tried so hard to keep banked. The girl was enjoying me chasing after her almost as much as I was the actual chase. It was a new experience for me. Refreshing, even.

I fucking loved it.

Shane pushed between me and Harper and I couldn't help but roll my eyes at how obvious he was. The fucker had it bad where this chick was concerned. He was possessive as hell and hadn't strayed once in the last month or so. It was mind boggling to see Shane Stevenson not fucking anything with a pussy, but he seemed really happy for the first time since... Well, since I'd met him.

"Dallas should be here by now. She and Linc left ahead of us." Picking up his bottle of Corona he pushed the wedge of lime into the beer and took a drink before tilting his bottle behind me. "She's dancing with some tool over there."

I turned my head slowly and the sight of the blonde bombshell made my breath actually catch. Fuck, she was beautiful. Hair curled and teased was flying around her shoulders as she moved to the beat of the music. Her skirt just inches from showcasing if she was wearing panties or not. While her possible lack of underwear was in question, the fact that she wasn't wearing a bra was more than obvious as she lifted her arm and wrapped it around the fucker's neck that stood behind her, grinding her ass into his junk.

Seeing the tool that Shane had pointed out touching her like that made me see red. It was another new experience for me because I never got jealous. But there I stood ready to tear some complete stranger a new one because he had his hands on my girl. Before I could stop to think about what I was doing I was across the club and pushing the guy away from Dallas.

Dallas turned around, surprise flashing over her face at my show of violence. I had been in my share of bar fights, and more than a few times Emmie had had to bail my ass out of jail right along with one of the Demons. Right then, with a new kind of rage boiling inside of me, I was ready to go back to jail.

Dallas's dance partner stepped up into my face, breathing hard and just as pissed off as I was. But when he got a good look at my face, saw who I was, his face split into a grin. "Dude! You're Axton Cage."

My glare didn't lessen. "Dude!" I snarled. "Get the fuck away from my girl!"

The grin left his face and he lifted his hands in surrender before slowly backing away. "Sorry, man. Didn't know she was taken."

Dallas punched me in the chest. "What the fuck was that? Huh? I was havin' fun, dickwad."

With the guy now out of my sight, I relaxed a little and grabbed onto her hips, pulling her hard against me. "So have fun with me instead," I rumbled against her ear. "Dance with me."

I knew the instant she finally gave in. Her body began to relax and then her hips started to sway to the music. When her arms hooked around my neck, she let out a sigh, as if I were inconveniencing her, but I saw the smile she was trying to hide from me.

Three songs, two margaritas and a beer later, Dallas was mine for the taking. And I took.

I took everything she had to offer me that night and came back begging for more. But she took too, and I haven't been the same ever since.

As if sensing my eyes on her, Dallas lifted her head from her dinner. When that clear blue gaze locked on mine, I felt the usual jolt of awareness and my body woke up. My heart started racing, and lower...

Emmie scooted away a few inches and I glanced over at her, breaking eye contact with Dallas. She had a knowing smile on her lips. "Well then..." I opened my mouth to apologize but she shook her head. "It's okay. Not the first time I felt your boner."

I cringed, because she was right. Before I'd gotten my head straight I'd kissed Emmie. It had been one hell of a kiss and my body had reacted pretty quickly. But the thought of her like that now just made my stomach queasy. It felt almost incestuous.

"Are you two still fighting?" Emmie asked, quickly changing the subject. Her big green eyes went to Dallas.

"I hadn't seen her since Lana had the baby until the other night. She ripped me a new one and I've been licking my wounds ever since." I grimaced, remembering that night all over again. That night I knew the likelihood of ever getting Dallas back was slim.

Didn't mean I was going to give up, though.

"I would so hit that if I ever decided to bat for the other team."

Emmie's out-of-the-blue statement shocked a laugh out of me that had everyone turning to look at us. It was the first laugh anyone had uttered in seven long days. It felt good, so damn good. Reaching for her, I pulled her head back down on my chest and buried my face in her hair. "Love you, Em," I whispered.

"Ax."

My eyes snapped open at the feel of Zander's hand on my shoulder, shaking me awake. I blinked a few times, trying to dispel the dream I had been having. Fuck, it had been a really good dream. "What is it?" My voice was rough as I rubbed a hand over my face.

"He's awake." Zander grabbed my arm and pulled me to my feet since I wasn't moving fast enough for him. "He's asking for all of us."

My heart jumped and I wasted no more time as I hurried after Zander. Even though it was the middle of the night, the ICU ward was busy. Several of the other patients had been moved over the last seven days. Liam and two other patients were all that remained and the other two were on the other side of the ward. It was a good thing because the noise coming from Liam's room was pretty loud.

I heard Marissa's sobs as soon as the doors opened. When we entered the room, she had her head on his chest. Liam was trying to comfort her, but nothing seemed to be working. I moved in behind the other six people crowded into the small room and felt my throat instantly clog with emotion at the sound of Marissa's broken words.

"Y-you s-s-s-cared me so bad, Li."

"Sorry, baby cakes." Liam attempted to give her a smile that turned into a painful grimace. He looked small lying in that hospital bed. Over the last week Liam had lost a considerable amount of weight. With all the casts, wires, and tubes sticking out everywhere, he looked like some mad scientist's crazy experiment. "I'll do better."

"I l-l-love you, s-s-so much."

"Me, too." It was what he always said when Marissa told him she loved him. Hearing it now brought a choked laugh from his sister and she stepped back from the hospital bed.

"Okay, okay." Dallas, who had been reading something off of his monitors, clapped her hands, bringing everyone's eyes to her. "Liam has had a lot of excitement over the last fifteen minutes." Her face twisted with a sour expression before she shook her head. "Liam wants to talk to you all, and then you have to get out because the staff has officially kicked us all out."

"You all look like shit," Liam grumbled as his eyes drifted over each of us. They lingered for half a moment longer on Harris before he turned his gaze onto another member of our strange group. "Have you guys been here a while?"

"Dude!" Wroth glared at his cousin. "We've been here as long as you have. No way were we going to leave you here all by yourself."

Liam's eyes widened. "Really?" As if unable to believe what he was hearing, he turned his gaze to Dallas, as if asking her to tell him the truth. "Dee?"

She rolled her eyes at him. "They got here as soon as I could reach them, Liam. You're family loves you. All of them."

"Oh..." Liam swallowed hard, then closed his eyes for a long moment. When he opened them again they were bright with emotion. "Thanks."

It was one word, but surprisingly it held a world of meaning to it. Liam, with all his fuckups and flaws, had never said 'thanks' to anyone as far as I could remember. He was an all take and no give kind of guy. With that one word I was able to see the guy Liam could have been before the drugs had invaded his life.

"I'm tired," Liam muttered. "I'd rather talk to you guys later."

"But..." Marissa frowned. "Li?"

"You look as tired as I feel, Rissa. Go home and go to bed." Liam gave her a small smile and raised one of his hands a few inches. Marissa put hers in his and gave it a careful squeeze. "I'll still be here in the morning."

After a little more urging from Liam, the guys turned for the door. I stepped into the corner and waited for everyone else to leave. He might be tired, but I needed to say my piece or I wasn't going to get any real sleep tonight. Or, the rest of today. It was nearly dawn, I noticed as I looked down at the watch on my wrist.

"Dee, wait," Liam called and Dallas turned around at the door and walked back to him.

"You should get some sleep, Liam." Dallas tucked the blankets around him better. "The doctors will be in in a few hours to put you through a shitload of tests to make sure you are really okay."

Liam caught her hand and I had to clench my jaw to keep from growling at a sick man for touching my girl. "Make sure she's okay. I need to know she's okay."

"Then why the fuck did you kick her out?" Dallas demanded and I frowned. Who had been kicked out? Then I remembered that I hadn't seen Gabriella stuffed in with the rest of us. "She had been here just as long as anyone else, Liam. She-"

"Stop." Liam closed his eyes and didn't open them again, but that didn't keep the emotions from crossing over his face. Making his forehead wrinkle and his nostrils to flare. "I don't want to talk about it, Dee. Just... Just make sure she's okay. For me?"

"Why me? I don't even have her number."

"Because you're the only person I trust." Liam opened his eyes and gave her a pleading look. "I know you have your reasons for hating her, but please do this for me."

Muttering a curse under her breath, Dallas finally gave in. "Okay." She took a step back, toward the door. "I'll be back in a few hours. I need to get home and shower. Grab some quality sleep before I start looking as horrible as you."

A small laugh escaped Liam. "Getting close now, beautiful. Getting close." I must have moved without thinking about it, because Liam's gaze snapped to mine. Seeing me standing there watching them, Liam's brow furrowed. "Ax?"

"I have to go." Dallas paused at the door, her gaze drifting between me and Liam and then back to me. "Bye, Ax."

I clenched my jaw, hating that it sounded like she was telling me bye for forever. That wasn't going to happen. Ever. "Be safe going home," I told her.

Those clear blue eyes were rolling at me and I couldn't help but grin as she left the room. I waited until the door slid closed before moving closer to Liam's bed. The bassist was giving me a strange look. "I didn't expect you to stay." He looked away. "I didn't expect any of you to even be here."

"Liam, you might have done some stupid shit in the past. Fucked up in the worst ways, but we still... love you." I pulled the chair by the bed back and sat down. "We don't want anything to happen to you. That's why we tried to distance ourselves when you started using the last time. We hoped that it would slap some sense into you."

"I'm not in the mood for a lecture from you right now, Axton. I'm done with the drugs for good this time."

"I don't want to lecture you. I want to say..." I broke off and looked away from him. Why was this so hard? Why were the words so hard to get out? "I wanted to tell you that I'm sorry." Liam let out a surprised gasp and a sardonic smile twisted my lips. "I'm sorry for not being there for you when you obviously needed someone. I'm sorry for not trying harder, for keeping my distance from you and the rest of the guys. I might not show it, but I do care about you and our band." Maybe they weren't like brothers to me, the way that the guys from Demon's Wings were, but they were still like family. Maybe cousins.

Liam swallowed hard but didn't say anything for a long moment. When he did speak his voice was almost hoarse with suppressed emotions. "I..." He cleared his throat. "Thanks for that, Ax."

I stood. It was obvious that Liam was exhausted. He might have just woken up, but his body was still broken and that had to take a lot out of him. "I'm gonna head home for a few hours."

"Wait!" Liam stopped me. "Can you... Will you sit and talk to me until I fall back to sleep?" His cheeks filled with embarrassment. "I could really use the company."

My heart clenched. "Sure, buddy." Sitting once more, I scooted the chair closer to his bed. I sat there talking to him about random things, sometimes making him laugh. When his eyes drifted shut and I heard a snore escape him, I still sat there. By the time I got up to leave, the sun had been up for a few hours. My mind and body were drunk with exhaustion, but my heart felt a little lighter for the first time in a long, long while.

Dallas

I couldn't believe I was actually doing this. My phone was in my hand, a number I had never wanted to know, across the screen. The only problem was that I couldn't bring myself to hit send.

Sure, I felt bad for Gabriella. She had just spent seven days and nights in a hospital with people who mostly hated her guts, just so she could be close to the guy she claimed to love. The man she said she was going to marry. Then as soon as that same guy woke up from a coma, he screamed and ranted and told her that he never wanted to see her again. I'd had to stand there and watch Gabriella Moreitti fall to pieces while she took Liam's verbal abuse. I had almost wanted to go after her to make sure she was alright as she had left the hospital in tears.

Almost.

I knew that Liam hadn't meant much of what he had spewed at her. It was just reaction to too much shit being tossed at him after waking up with seven days of his life gone forever. He was hurting, scared, feeling alone in the world. And he wanted to make someone, if not everyone else around him right now, feel the same way. Because he loved her so much, Gabriella got the biggest load of his emotional melt down. But it was all normal.

That didn't mean it didn't make it hurt any less.

I finally hit send and waited while it rang five times before someone answered. "What?" came the snarl.

"Gabriella? It's Dallas."

There was a long pause on the other end, as if she were shocked speechless at hearing my name. When she finally answered she seemed almost scared. "Is Liam okay?"

"He's fine for the moment," I assured her. "Actually, he asked me to check on you. He was worried."

That got a humorless laugh out of the little Italian. "For some reason I don't believe you."

"Yeah, I can understand that. He's just got a lot on his plate right now, Gabriella. When things calm down, he is going to regret the way he reacted. You'll have to be the bigger person and forgive him."

There was another long pause and I thought for a moment she had hung up on me. I was about to turn my phone off when I heard her sigh. "Thanks, Dallas. I know you don't like me, and I can even understand why. But you have been a great friend to Liam and you were nicer to me this week than I expected. So, thank you."

Now I was the one shocked speechless. I didn't know how to respond to that. It wasn't every day that a chick you considered public enemy number one said thank you to you.

"And as for being okay, I'm not. But I will be. One day."

Before I could find my voice the line went dead and I sat there on the couch in my apartment just frowning down at my phone. That was the oddest conversation I had ever had. Because it had left me with a small piece of respect for the other girl. She was a strong person and I respected that in anyone.

Respecting her didn't mean I liked her, though.

"Here."

My head snapped up as Linc shoved a plate in my face. I tucked a few strands of wet hair from my shower behind my ears and took the plate. It was loaded down with scrambled eggs, crispy bacon, toast perfectly buttered, and a big heap of shredded hash browns with tons of salt and pepper. All of it was drizzled in ketchup. Linc was definitely my hero.

The first bite forced a moan from me and I was suddenly cramming my face full of the delicious breakfast. Having been forced to eat takeout for the last seven days had been torture, when I could have been home with Linc's home cooking. The man was not only god-like in appearance but in the kitchen as well.

While I was still shoveling down my breakfast, he dropped a kiss on my wet head and left for work. After I was done I found the energy to walk into the kitchen and rinse my plate. I drank two tall glasses of orange juice then stumbled down the hall to my room. I didn't even remember pulling the covers up over me before I was falling into a deep, dreamless sleep.

It was snowing again by the time I got back to the hospital that evening. I felt better after having a full nine hours of sleep, another hot shower, and actually eating a meal on real plates at my kitchen table. So I was in a decent mood when I passed the security team at the front doors, ignoring the paparazzi as they snapped picture after picture and screamed out questions. Those damn paps remembered me from when I had dated Axton, and of course as Harper Stevenson's-the rock world's most hated female-best friend. So they thought they knew me, and that they could talk to me, as I entered the hospital.

I gave them the only reply I ever gave those fuckers: a quick flick of my wrist to shoot them the finger as I stepped into the hospital. I'd much rather they tear me apart in their trash magazines-that way they could at least leave Liam alone for a few minutes.

Natalie had called me an hour ago to let me know that since Liam was doing so well, he was being moved out of ICU and into a private room on the fourth floor. When the elevator stopped on that floor I was greeted by two almost identical-looking gorillas to the four that had been downstairs. They gave me a grim nod as I stepped off, from there I followed the trail of guards. One was at the nurses' station, two more were at the waiting room on the floor-telling me that at least one of either OtherWorld or Demon's Wings was inside.

I hoped it was Shane and Harper. Harper had had a cold since Christmas. When she and Shane had found out about Liam, they had wanted to come be with me and everyone else, but Emmie had thankfully talked her out of it. She seriously needed to focus on her health at the moment. With the depression that had set in when she found out she might never be able to have a baby of her own, Harper's health had also taken a nose dive. The cold she had wouldn't have been kicking her ass so badly if she wasn't so heartsick. But the last time I'd talked to Harper she had sounded better, at least physically. So I was hoping she would be coming to New York soon.

Taking a peek inside the waiting room, I saw that it was Drake and Nik sitting inside with Zander, Harris, and Devlin. I waved when they glanced up, but continued down the hall to the room Natalie had told me Liam was in earlier.

Outside the room, three huge men in suits stood, making me wonder just how bad the paps had gotten in the time I had gone home for some sleep. I started toward the door and one of them stepped forward, a glare on his scary face. "ID," he growled at me.

"Excuse me?" I glared back at him. This guy hadn't been part of the security team over the past week, but everyone else knew who I was. Emmie had told everyone that I was to be let through no matter what, no questions asked. So Big and Scary standing in front of me acting like I was trying to steal state secrets really pissed me off.

I'd give him credit though. The man would obviously make a great bodyguard. All someone would have to do was look at him and they would second guess whatever it was they were about to do. Built like a mountain, with a face that would make little kids weep in fright, he was one scary motherfucker. Unfortunately for him, I wasn't scared of much. If he had been dressed like a clown... Yeah, then I would be cowering, begging for my daddy.

"ID. No one goes in that room without ID."

"Who the fuck are you?" I demanded, not bothering to reach for the driver's license I kept on me at all times. My dad always asked that I keep some kind of identification on me, just in case something happened. It was a Texas license since I didn't drive in New York. Shit, you couldn't pay me enough to drive in New York City traffic.

"I'll be asking the questions here. What's your name?"

I raised a brow at the giant. "You first."

Irritation crossed his ragged face and I nearly grinned. Yeah, I was an annoying bitch. I didn't give in easily and I rarely took well to authority figures, something this man obviously was. "Your name, girl. As well as your ID. Otherwise you will be escorted out of the hospital and banned from the grounds."

"Where the fuck is Emmie?" I bit out, not liking his tone. Really? Did they teach you menacing voices in bodyguard school? Because if they did, this monster of a man must have been top of his class. And why the hell weren't the other two guards, men who had seen me countless times over the last week, stepping forward to vouch for me?

Liam's door opened and Emmie stuck her head around the corner. My voice had been anything but soft and sweet so she must have heard me arguing with Big and Scary. When she saw me her eyes narrowed. "Dallas?"

"Who the fuck else would I be, redhead?" I snapped, at the end of my patience. "Is there a reason why I can't get through? Does Liam not want to see me?"

Emmie blew out a frustrated sigh and stepped out of the room. "There was a security breach an hour ago. Someone was dressed like you and tried to get into Liam's room. He was sleeping, and she was able to climb into bed with him and..." She broke off, her jaw clenched. "Anyway, we've had to tighten security. I'm sorry no one told you, but you have to supply Seller your ID to get inside Liam's room now. Especially you."

My eyes rounded at what she had just told me. What the fuck? Liam had a crazy fan try to... Well, I wasn't sure what she had tried to do. What I wanted to know was how she had been able to look like me.

"How?" I said as I reached into my back pocket for my ID. "It's kind of hard to look exactly like me, Emmie."

She grimaced, her big green eyes on the man she had called Seller as he checked over my ID. "She had on long sleeves so the men couldn't see that she didn't have tats, but she did have the facial piercings. And her hair was just as blonde as yours. She kept her head down as she went in so they couldn't tell that she really wasn't you. They thought nothing of it, because you've been here all week. It wasn't until Liam started screaming for help that they realized their mistake..." She glanced at the two stone-faced men. "It wasn't really their fault. No one noticed. She got through four walls of security without getting stopped."

My attention went back to Seller. "You know my ID won't really work, right? Anyone can make one of those if they google my name and find a decent fake ID producer. I turned around and lifted my hair. "This is my latest tattoo. The nurse's symbol with the R and N. Only a few people know I have it. All of them trustworthy..." I paused and shook my head. "Well, if you consider Axton Cage trustworthy."

"Axton's trustworthy," Emmie said with a sigh. I rolled my eyes at her. She couldn't handle anyone saying anything bad about him, or any of her other guys. It was great that she was so protective of them all, but that didn't mean it wasn't annoying. I wanted to dish out all kinds of abuse about him, but knew she would stab me before I got very far.

"Anyway, this is probably what you should check for instead of my ID." I dropped my hair and snatched my ID back. "Oh, and I doubt the doppelganger would have busted your balls over checking her identification."

"You didn't bust my balls, girl."

I took a step closer to him. "Call me girl again. Then you will know exactly what it feels like."

Seller made another scary growling noise. Never one to back down from a challenge, I took another step in his direction. Emmie's hand grabbed my elbow and jerked me back and into Liam's room, delaying my foot from being able to get better acquainted with his man-parts. When the door closed behind us she was fighting a grin. "Behave."

I rolled my eyes at her again before straightening my shirt and turning to face the others in the room. It was a huge room, probably one of the biggest private rooms the hospital had to offer. Marissa and Wroth were standing by the window, the frown they had been wearing most of the week eased now that Liam was out of the woods.

Liam was raised up in the bed, and a few of the tubes from the day before had been taken away from the maze of wires and tubes that had been attached to him. His leg was raised with a sling that hung from the ceiling and there were multiple other casts and bandages that would have to be changed in a few days for longer-lasting ones, once the orthopedic surgeons found out if the bones were healing the way they should.

When Liam turned his eyes on me they narrowed for a moment before he grinned. "Dee! It's about time you got here. Tell them I want something real to eat. Like steak. Or a burger... Yeah, I could really go for a burger."

That he was wanting something hearty to eat was good news, but I shook my head as I approached the bed. "No can do. You need to start back slowly on the food. Liquid diet today, soft foods tomorrow, and maybe we can talk about steak or burgers the next day." I scanned over the heart monitor, pleased to see everything at a normal rate. "You're doing great, Liam."

"That's what the doctors said when they all came in a few minutes ago," Marissa assured me with a beaming smile that I couldn't help but return. "And as long as he follows doctors' orders we might get to take him home next week."

Before I could open my mouth, Wroth and Emmie were surrounding me. "But he's still going to need some extra care," Emmie told me, and I suddenly felt cornered between her little body and Wroth's much larger one.

"And a physical therapist," Wroth chimed in. "The doctors said that he is going to need lots of physical therapy and if he is going to get to tour with OtherWorld then they recommended a nurse as well as a private PT to travel with us."

"Ah, hell," I muttered. I knew what they were going to ask, and I would have been all for it except for one little problem. "I'm not spending three months trapped on a fucking bus with Axton Cage, Emmie."

She quickly shook her head. "No, no. You won't have to I swear. I'll get another bus. Have it fixed up so that Liam will be as comfortable as possible. You, the PT, and Liam will be on there with Marissa."

"And me," Wroth rushed to inform me.

"But I'll still have to deal with Ax for three. Fucking. Months." I sighed and pushed past them, trying to clear my head of all the static that had filled it as soon as I realized what was going on. I would be an idiot to turn down a private nursing job like this. It was something that few nurses would ever get to even think about, let alone be offered. Plus, I wanted to do it for Liam. He deserved my help as much as my friendship.

But all of those pros weighed less than the one heavy con.

Being that close to the man who ruled my body without even really trying. A man who had tattooed his name on my heart the first night he had fucked my brains out. The only man to ever shatter me so completely when our so-called relationship ended... It would be pure torture.

"Dee?"

I turned at the almost pleading tone in Liam's voice. He looked so small in that big hospital bed. He'd lost weight. He'd nearly died. I couldn't say no to him. "Okay, but I have one condition."

"Name it," Wroth told me.

"We can discuss it," was Emmie's immediate reply.

"Linc is a certified physical therapist. He doesn't use it because he makes a killing in tips alone working at Fit for Life, letting the cougars drool over him. But he's really good. I want you to hire him as Liam's PT." I needed Linc with me. He was my voice of reason and I seriously needed reason if I was going to be that close to Axton, who could tempt me so easily.

"Would Linc want the job?" Emmie asked. "He seems pretty happy where he is."

I shrugged. "I can persuade him." We might argue about every little thing, but Linc loved me as much as I loved him. He would do this for me.

"Okay. If he can get me all the right documents, his PT license and all that, then the job is his."

Marissa moved away from the window and wrapped her arms around my waist. For once I didn't stiffen at the feel of soft, feminine arms around me. Marissa was just so captivating that my discomfort was forgotten. "Thanks for doing this, Dallas. This means a lot to us."

"Don't thank me yet." I hugged her back. "This shit isn't going to be easy."

Dallas

Liam's release the next week didn't happen. He required another surgery to adjust the rod that were used to replace his femur in his left leg. The doctors had told him that he would have a limp for the rest of his life, but at least he was going to be able to walk. The swelling around his spine had lessened and he was even able to move.

The hospital required a full week of physical therapy before he was released under not only my care but Linc's as well. Getting Linc on board as Liam's PT had been harder than I had expected, but he had finally given in when Emmie had sweetened the deal with a huge-ass number money-wise. She knew I wasn't going to leave New York without Linc, so she had little choice but to help me convince him.

We closed up our apartment for the four months we were going to be gone. With Natalie as Emmie's assistant, handling the tour and anything else, the apartment was going to be vacant for four months at least. One month was going to be spent in Tennessee on Wroth Niall's farm. It was where Liam was going to be recuperating, and it was Linc's job to get him ready as much as possible before we left at the beginning of March.

Of course no one had told me about the month in Tennessee until it was too late to back out. I had nothing against Tennessee. My dad even owned stock in a few farms there; where, I had no clue, as my mother had never let me get to know that part of my dad's business when I was growing up. And I definitely had nothing against farm life. I loved being around horses and cows, and would have still been in Texas on my father's ranch if I'd had anything to say about where I grew up.

What I had against the whole thing was that it wasn't going to be just Wroth, Liam, and Marissa at the farm. It was going to be the entire band. Which included Axton Cage.

Emmie and I had nearly come to blows over her keeping that little bit of news from me. I swear if that bitch hadn't been pregnant I would have gone to town on her auburn head. I might love her, but that didn't mean I wouldn't kick her beautiful ass. She'd known it too, and hadn't bothered to hide her smirk as she reminded me I had signed a contract. Bitch.

If it hadn't been for that contract I would still be in New York, maybe cuddled up on my couch with a beer and a few boxes of pizza, looking for a job online. I didn't need the money. I had my mother's credit cards that I maxed out on a monthly basis-but that she paid for with the money she had made off of my years as a model. I also had a trust fund from my dad, which I had gotten the day I had turned twenty-one. Money my mother couldn't touch. Money that I didn't want to touch because I wanted to earn my own way.

Instead, with that iron clad contract in Emmie's hands, I was now in the back of a freaking Hummer limo with Liam, Linc, and Natalie. It was better than an ambulance, which was what the hospital had wanted us to take to transport Liam from New York to Tennessee. I'd have much rather have taken a plane, but the doctors didn't want Liam flying at the moment.

Two days ago, Wroth and Marissa had left to get the house ready for Liam. A hospital bed was supposed to be delivered and a few other supplies that I would need since I was taking over as his nurse as of now. Liam still had bandages that needed regular attention as well as pain meds that had to be monitored. He didn't want them at all, because he was terrified they were going to hurt his addiction recovery. Unfortunately, the pain was still too extreme for him not to take them.

The drive down wasn't horrible, but snow made it take longer than expected. I wasn't looking forward to getting there though. Natalie had let it slip that while Zander, Devlin, and Harris had yet to arrive, Axton had already left for the farm. For some reason everyone thought that was odd. Apparently Ax didn't visit the farm, or Tennessee for that matter, unless he absolutely had to.

The closer we got to our destination, the more my heart raced. Why I was so anxious to see Axton I couldn't honestly say. Over the last three weeks I'd seen plenty of Axton in passing. He always arrived at the hospital in the evenings, just as I was getting ready to leave for the day. He would bring Liam something special each time, whether it was something to eat, a book or some magazines, or even a Blu-ray and some movies to watch. What had really surprised me was that Axton had been staying all night with Liam, because he was still there every morning when I arrived. When I'd asked Liam about it he had remained tight lipped. The only thing that had kept me from pushing the issue was that Liam was obviously sleeping enough. Of course, that only left me with more questions that I knew wouldn't get answered from Liam, and he knew I wasn't going to ask Axton.

Seeing so much of him, even if only in passing, had woken up memories I had thought I had locked away tight. Memories of a time when I had been happy, but convinced that I was going to lose Axton. Of course I had been right, but part of me couldn't help but wonder if my continued prediction had pushed us apart just as much as my jealousy of that fucking tattoo of another girl's name on his wrist.

"You've been awfully quiet," Linc murmured as the driver slowed down to take our exit, pulling me out of my musings.

I shrugged. "I have nothin' to say."

He snorted. "That's a first."

Despite the apprehension I was feeling about spending the next month under the same roof with my ex, a grin teased at my lips. "Shut up, you."

Linc bumped his shoulder against mine. "It's not gonna be that bad, Dallas. He's only one man." It was my turn to snort. Only one man. Sure, it wouldn't have been so bad. If he wasn't the only man to make my body come alive just by breathing the same air. If he wasn't the only man that still owned my heart. A heart that he had bent and broken, but still owned. The fucker.

Twenty minutes later the limo pulled to a stop in front of a huge three-story house. It looked newer than I was expecting, but I did know that once OtherWorld had taken off in a big way, Wroth had built his mother her dream house here on the farm that had been in his family for multiple generations. Liam had told me all about the farm, and how Wroth's dad had nearly lost it to the bank. When Wroth was eighteen he became a marine simply for the sign-on bonus that had gotten his parents caught up on their mortgage and put some extra money in the bank. That, along with Liam's part time job after school, had helped get the farm operating in the black.

The smell that was always associated with cows drifted in the air and I couldn't help but feel nostalgic for home. It felt like forever since the last time I had been in Texas, although my dad visited me often in New York. My father lived on a million-acre spread. He mostly dealt in Herefords, which were beef cattle. When I was old enough to ride a horse and showed so much interest in them, my dad had turned over the majority of the running of his cattle to his ranch foreman so that he and I could start up a hobby of collecting some of the most beautiful horses in the world. When I was seven he had flown me to the Middle East so that I could pick out my own Arabian...

My heart clenched as thoughts of Raad tried to enter my mind. It had been forever since I had allowed myself to think of the horse that had become my best friend. The horse that my mother had ultimately used against me so that I would eventually follow her on her stupid pageant tour. Raad was why I didn't go home anymore. Because of Raad, I had learned to never trust my mother with anything that was precious to me.

"Home at last," Liam said with a tired sigh. The long drive down from New York had taken a lot out of him even though he had spent a few hours sleeping. I gave him the best smile I could muster with my heart now aching. "Is it bad that all I want is a shower and the bed I've slept in since I was a kid?"

"Sounds like a good idea, actually," Linc said as he opened the door before the driver could do so. Cold air blasted into the back of the limo, snapping me out of my melancholy. Holy shit, it felt colder here than it did back in New York. Even though I was only going from the limo into the house, I wish I had left my parka out instead of just wearing one of my old hoodies.

"How was your drive?" Marissa asked and I lifted my head to find her standing by the now open door. Her face was lit up like a Christmas tree as she stood there, practically dancing with happiness.

"Rissa," Liam's voice was choked with a mixture of emotion and pain as Linc helped him out. As soon as he was able, Liam wrapped his arms around his sister. A tiny sob escaped the beautiful chick as she hugged her brother back. They had only been apart for two days, but with all the drama of the last month, I could almost understand their need to hold each other. I felt the same every time I got to see Harper these days.

Linc let them hug a few more seconds before carrying Liam into the house. With one arm in a cast and his leg so unstable for the moment, Liam would be in a wheelchair for a few more weeks. The chair wouldn't arrive until tomorrow, so Linc would be putting all his delicious muscles to good work. Liam hated it, but Linc didn't complain. He was getting to carry around a pretty-boy rocker. He was in gay-boy heaven.

"Don't get any ideas, big man," I heard Liam grumble as Linc carried him up the steps of the front porch and into the house.

Linc snorted out a laugh. "Don't worry, sexy. Your straightness is loud and clear." He winked as he followed Marissa down a hall that obviously led to a bedroom.

"We made Wroth's office into a bedroom for you, Li," Marissa informed her brother. "Everyone thought that with the stairs and the chair this would be the best thing. Once you get sorted, you won't have to rely on anyone to get you up and down the stairs."

"Thanks, Rissa." Linc placed him on the brand new hospital bed that was made up with an old quilt on top. There was a bathroom that connected to the room and I glanced inside, checking it out. If Liam wanted a shower, then Linc was going to have to help me with that. But looking at the size of that bathroom, I determined that wasn't going to be easy. Three people, one of which was as big as a mountain, weren't going to be able to fit in there unless I actually got in the shower with Liam.

"I made your favorite," Marissa said, moving around like a little ball of energy as she straightened things that didn't need straightening. "Beef stew with thick gravy and yeast rolls. And I made some banana bread and a few pies. But if you want cake, I can make one."

"Chill out, Rissa." Liam shifted on the bed, trying to find the most comfortable position. "I'm not really hungry."

"But..." Her face fell and she turned away before he could see her tears. "You should eat, Li."

Natalie wrapped an arm around Marissa's shoulders. "It's been a long drive, and he's just tired. Once he's had his shower and settled in a little more, he will be starving. I know I am, and the smells coming from your kitchen are making my stomach ache with how badly I want to eat. Can I have a bowl of stew?"

"Oh. Yes, of course." Marissa gave her a beaming smile as she led the way out of the room.

Liam breathed a sigh of relief. "I'm really not hungry," he told me as I took stock of the room and made a mental list of the things I was missing. Everything I had asked for was present and accounted for, down to the small pharmacy of meds that Liam required being lined up on the dresser.

"It's okay, I understand." I turned toward Linc who was trying to slowly back out of the room. "Hey, not so fast. You're gonna have to help with the shower."

Both men groaned and I glared at them both. "Shut up, you big babies." I walked back into the bathroom and turned on the water. After only a small hesitation I stripped down to my bra and panties, thankful that I had on one of my cotton sets instead of the usual lace or silk that I favored. Grabbing a towel to wrap around me for the moment, I headed back in to help get Liam ready for his shower.

His arm and leg had to be wrapped in trash bags to keep the casts from getting wet. His sweatpants were always a bitch to get on and off. Even with the stretchy material cut to get over the bulky cast, it was no easy feat to get him dressed and undressed.

It took nearly forty-five minutes to get Liam showered and back in his bed with fresh underwear-the only clothes he had on. After getting him comfortable it was time to give his next dose of meds and then I made my way upstairs. Linc had left as soon as Liam was in bed, so I had to make my way through the maze of a house until I found someone. I was wet and despite the warmth of the house, I was chilly. My soaked bra and panties were balled in my hand since I had put my clothes back on and hadn't wanted to get them wet. My hair was still dripping a little because getting it wet had been unavoidable.

As I rounded a corner, I wasn't really paying attention and nearly walked right into a hard chest. His scent invaded my nose before his hands even reached out to steady me. The first touch of his hands on my arms and I shivered for a reason other than being cold. My body reacted to his closeness as my heart started to race and liquid heat dripped from my suddenly throbbing pussy.

"There you are," Axton said, chuckling softly, his hands lingering on my arms as his thumbs rubbed circles on the inside of my elbows.

My gaze went straight to his lips. Just as I had imagined, he was sucking on his bottom lip, his teeth snapping lightly on the ring that was in the middle of his full lower lip. I'd always loved sucking on that lip, the taste of metal mingling with a taste that was more addicting than any street drug known to man. Just one taste of Axton Cage would sell for an easy grand on the streets, and people would be coming back for more in droves.

Hazel eyes were eating up the sight of me and I found myself almost swaying toward him. Fuck, I was weak. And easy. So. Damn. Easy. Two seconds of being in a hall with him and I was ready to fall to my knees and worship his dick with my tongue. I knew exactly what he liked. Knew that as soon as I ran the ball of my tongue ring over his slit he would be mine for at least a little while.

"Why is your hair wet?" Axton suddenly demanded. "Is that your fucking underwear? They're wet... What the hell, Dallas?"

My head cleared just as quickly as it had fogged over with lust. Sighing, I took a step back. "I had to get in the shower with Liam to help him..." When hazel eyes turned more green than brown, I knew he was pissed. "I'm his nurse, Ax. Of course I have to help him shower. He's not going to be able to do it himself for a few more weeks at the very least."

"I thought that was Linc's job," he growled.

"Linc helps, but it's my job... And why the fuck am I explaining myself to you?" Rolling my eyes at him and the situation, I pushed past him. "It's none of your business."

Axton

I felt like my insides were itching to get free. That was how it always felt when I was this close to the home I had grown up in. I wanted to claw at my skin, to make this feeling go away, but knew that the only cure was to get as far away as possible.

My parents' house was just twenty minutes from the farm. Twenty minutes was the only distance that kept me from my mother. Since I'd gotten a letter from my aunt a few years ago, letting me know that my father had passed away-well after he had been buried because my mother hadn't cared to let me know, this was the closest as I'd come to any contact with any of my family members.

My gut churned at the thought of the cold, nasty bitch that had raised me. Or so she had told me countless times growing up. She hadn't had much interaction in the process of parenting me, other than to look down her nose at how I wanted to live my life. It had been left up to the two nannies and the housekeeper to take care of me from the day I was born until I was old enough to fend for myself. After that the housekeeper had been the only one to care if I ate enough, came home at a decent hour, or even went to school. My mother had only cared if I was embarrassing her and the family name.

Anthony Xavier Huntington was not supposed to be running around with piercings, tattoos, and wanting to rule to rock world. He was supposed to go to law school, take over the family business, and marry a respectable girl that Sharon Huntington approved of. So when my eighteenth birthday came around, I'd done what would piss Sharon Huntington off the most: changed my name, dyed my hair, got my first tattoo, my first piercing, and joined OtherWorld. Anthony Xavier Huntington became Axton Cage. 'Cage' because I was finally out of the fucking cage my mother had tried to keep me in.

At the time, my father had simply shrugged his shoulders and shook his head with a grin on his face. I was nothing like him, but that hadn't mattered to him. I reminded him of the only person he had ever really cared about-his sister, Tink. Tink, or Tammy as my mother had always insisted on calling her, was one in a million and the only saving grace in my life until I met Emmie. Tink had enrolled me in my first music lesson, and had supported and encouraged me when we realized that I was a musical prodigy. For about ten seconds my mother had supported it too, until she realized that I didn't want to go to Julliard, instead wanting to make my own path in the rock world.

Julliard was respectable. Becoming a rock star, not so much.

When I had joined OtherWorld, taking over for the vocalist who had left because of some bullshit reason, my mother's head had nearly exploded with rage. When I told her that we were being signed by one of the most popular managers in the music world, she'd completely disowned me. It hadn't bothered me. You could seriously get frost bite being too close to Sharon Huntington for very long. But I did regret having to say goodbye to my father and my aunt. My father might not have been the best dad, but he hadn't been the worst. And my aunt Tink had loved me in her own way, seeing as her only real love was horses.

Lifting my beer, I took a long swallow and glared out into the distance. Everyone who knew me knew that I hated being here, so they knew that I was only here for one reason and one reason only. Dallas. Nothing, abso-fucking-lutely nothing else would have brought me here. The need to be close to her, to breathe in her scent, to hear the sound of her voice and the adorable way she constantly dropped her g's outweighed this constant itching inside to get away from here.

Blowing out a frustrated sigh, I watched my breath fog in the cold night air. Dallas hadn't been here three hours and I was already about to blow my top with jealousy over Liam. Damn. I knew that she had to help him, it was why she was here after all. But why the fuck did she have to help him shower? Why did she have to be the one to see him naked? Couldn't Linc do that?

The only man she needed to see without his clothes on was me.

Behind me the front door opened and just as quickly closed. I kept my eyes on the dark horizon as I felt Wroth sit down in the chair beside me. He had a beer of his own that he set down on the small round table between us. For a good fifteen minutes we just sat there, both of us freezing our asses off, but not seeming to care.

When Wroth finally spoke, the sound of his voice made me jump a little because I hadn't been expecting it. Wroth's voice was the deepest voice I had ever heard in my life. Full of gravel and slightly husky, he sometimes scared little kids with it, but it seemed to drive women crazy. He didn't speak often, and he sure as hell didn't sing backup in the band. But give the man a guitar and he could make you weep with the pure beauty of the music he made. Between Wroth and Drake, it would be hard to decide who played better because they could both shred like kings. For me, Drake would always be like a brother, but Wroth would always be the man I picked as my bandmate.

"You eat dinner?"

"Nah, man. I'm not hungry." I lifted my beer to my lips and took another swallow, wishing not for the first time that it was a Corona instead of the brown bottle labels that Wroth seemed to favor so much.

"Dallas, or your ma?"

I shrugged. "A little of both."

Wroth nodded but didn't say anything else. That's what I loved about Wroth so much. Normally he was a man of few words. We sat there in companionable silence until both our beers were gone. When Wroth had drained his, he grumbled a good night and went back inside. I figured that we would be doing that for the duration of our stay at the farm. Wroth didn't like to drink in front of Marissa so he always drank his beer on the porch.

The tip of my nose was numb and a glance at my iPhone screen told me that it was nearly eleven, but I wasn't ready to go inside yet. Zipping my parka closed a little more, I stuffed my hands into the pockets and leaned back in the chair.

How long I sat there, trying to empty my mind of all the bullshit that was crowded in my brain, I couldn't tell. Despite the cold of the January night and the snowflakes slowly adding to what was already on the ground, I was comfortable, and my eyes started to drift closed...

"Ax...?" Warm hands touched my face and I jerked awake. My eyes blinked open and I met a beautiful, clear-blue gaze in the dim lighting coming from the porch light.

Without thinking about it my hands came out of my pockets and covered hers. I expected her to roll her eyes in annoyance, but all that was on her face was concern. "Are you okay?"

"If I say no, will you play nurse for me?" She did roll her eyes at me then, but she didn't back up. Taking advantage, I turned my head and kissed the softness of her palm. The small hitch in her breathing would have had my dick rock hard if I weren't so cold at the moment. When she started to take a step back, I tightened my hands on hers and pulled her down onto my lap. "I'm freezing, baby. Will you warm me up?"

"No, Ax..." she protested, but she wasn't trying very hard to get away as I freed one of my hands to tangle it in her hair. My name was still on her lips as I stole the first kiss.

The moment that I got a taste of her mouth-minty with just a hint of something deliciously exotic-my body said fuck the cold and hardened. Dallas's mouth was intoxicating and all I wanted was to drink my fill. She remained unmoving in my arms until I nipped at her bottom lip, causing her to gasp in delight. Yeah, I still knew what made my girl feel good.

Her warm hands felt scalding as she wrapped them around my neck, holding on as I deepened the kiss. When my hands developed a mind of their own, wanting to explore the body that was made solely for me, I quickly got them back under control. There was no denying the fact that all I wanted was to be balls deep in her sweet, hot pussy right then, but that wasn't going to get me what I really wanted in the end.

I was going to have to take it slow and steady with Dallas this time around or face losing her completely. So for now, I just wanted to kiss her. I savored every inch of her mouth, every crease in her lips. Every moan that escaped her I stored away for later.

When her hands drifted down over my chest and inside my coat, I felt her tremble. Pulling back I realized that she was just in a hoodie and pajama pants. "Baby, you're gonna freeze."

"Kiss me some more," she whispered.

I didn't want to deny her. I quickly unzipped my parka and pulled her close before zipping it back up. Fuck yeah, I could get used to this. Her arms were around my waist and her head on my shoulder. Her face angled up, ready for more of my kiss. Groaning I dived inside the hot recesses of her perfect mouth.

The kiss went on and on and on. It might have lasted all night if the porch light hadn't suddenly gone out. I realized that it was Wroth letting me know that he figured I'd been outside a little too long and would be coming out to check on me any minute. With a sigh I reluctantly pulled back and pressed my forehead against hers.

We were both panting, our bodies screaming out for more than just damn kisses. Her lower body was rocking against mine, trying to seek some kind of relief from the need I'd awakened in her. "We should go in."

Dallas nodded, but didn't try to move. "Yeah, I know."

"Are you gonna hate me again in a few minutes?" I couldn't help but ask, needing to know.

She stiffened and began to pull away. Her face was cloudy and I couldn't tell what she was thinking since the lights were now off. "I wish I could hate you, Axton. It would make my life so much easier."

"Baby..."

"I need to check on Liam. Please unzip us so I can get up."

I didn't want to let her go, but knew that trying to push her to talk when she wasn't ready would only set us back even more. With a sigh I unzipped my parka and she hastily got up. With my dick trying to burst through the zipper of my jeans, it took me a little longer to get up without hurting myself in the process. By the time I was on my feet she was at the front door, but she didn't go in right away.

Needing to touch her one more time tonight, I moved in behind her, trapping her between the door and my aching body. But she had her hand on the doorknob, so she could get away from me whenever she wanted. If she wanted...

"I miss you every damn second I'm not with you," I breathed against her ear, making her shiver in a way that had nothing to do with the cold. "There is no one-not one fucking person-that makes me feel what you do... Remember that, Dallas. Always remember that." Reaching around her I covered her hand and opened the door. With a little nudge she entered the house.

Warm air against my cold face made me grimace as it caused more pain than pleasure. My hand was still at the small of her back. She didn't take more than a few steps in to the house before stopping. She didn't say a word, just stood there as if waiting for me.

"Baby?" I moved her hair so that I could kiss the back of her neck, right on her newest tattoo. "Are you okay?" I'd expected her to rush off to Liam's room as soon as we were inside.

"One more kiss."

I would cut out my own heart before denying her anything as simple as a kiss. Wrapping her long blonde hair around my wrist, I turned her and let my lips skim over her bottom lip. When her mouth parted on a small whimper, I sucked it deep, making her moan in pleasure. Without thinking, I backed her against the wall, pressing my aching body against hers. As hard as I was I knew that my resolve to keep this to just kissing was going to fade fast.

Someone clearing their throat from the family room down the hall pulled us both back from the brink of insanity and I finally stepped away from her. Her lips were swollen from my kisses, her hair a mussed-up sexy mess. When those blue eyes, glazed with so much passion, met mine I nearly said to hell with it, wanting to be as deep inside of her that neither of us knew where one began and the other ended. Somehow I found the will to keep my hands at my side.

"Good night, baby."

Dallas didn't say anything, just moved past me and down the hall toward Liam's room.

Knowing I wouldn't get any sleep any time soon, I went up to my room and took a long shower. I had to jerk off twice before my body calmed down enough that I felt I wasn't going to hurt myself if I rolled over in my sleep.

As I finally laid my head on my pillow, there was a smile on my lips for the first time since Shane and Harper's wedding. I was proud of myself for taking things slow.

Now, if I could just keep it slow, I figured I could get my girl where I wanted her. Back in my arms, in my bed... In my life forever.

Dallas

Stupid. Stupid. Stupid.

I wasn't sure if I said the words out loud or not, but I knew that they kept screaming in my head. I was so stupid. So weak. So fucking easy. All tonight proved was that all Axton Cage had to do was cock his finger-and damn it, even his fingers were sexy-and I came panting and wet for him. I should have just let him freeze to death instead of waking him up.

But I had been worried about him. What had kept him outside all evening? Yeah, I'd noticed and mentally yelled at myself for noticing. When Wroth had come inside I'd started getting anxious when Axton hadn't come with him. It was in the thirties outside and just barely snowing, which meant that the temperature was dropping. So I'd finally talked myself into going out to check on him.

Ten seconds later I was letting him devour my mouth. My protests had been pathetically weak and hadn't lasted more than a moment before I was giving in and kissing him back just as greedily. Why did his mouth have to taste so good? Why did his hands have to feel so perfect on my skin?

When it was all over, I still wanted more, and nearly begged for another kiss. If he had denied me, I might have died with embarrassment. I'd never begged for anything in my life and I sure as hell wasn't going to start with the man who could cripple me emotionally all over again.

Now, with my body still aching with a need that only he could satisfy, I made sure that Liam was sleeping peacefully before going up to my room. I'd showered earlier, but I was so wet from Axton's kisses that I felt like I needed another one.

Stripping, I turned the water on and waited for it to warm up. A cold shower wasn't going to ease the painful need inside of me so I wasn't going to torture myself with the icy water. I pulled my hair up into a tight bun on top of my head and stepped in. The shower itself was huge, with a bench you could sit on and just let the water flow over you. The showerhead was detachable and I grabbed it, turning it to the most forceful flow before dropping down onto the bench.

I started with my shoulders, just letting the water run over me. As droplets dripped from my nipples, I rubbed the dampness in, not bothering to smother the moan that escaped me from my soft touch. With a sigh I leaned my head back against the tiled wall and closed my eyes. I knew that this wasn't going to do the job completely, but fuck. I needed something to help me or I wasn't going to get to sleep anytime that night.

The warm water rushed over my flat stomach, making the little red ball charm on my belly button ring jingle softly like a bell. Harper had sent me the charm as a Christmas present, and I hadn't taken it out since I'd received it. My best friend, however, was not on my mind as I lifted my legs onto the bench and spread my thighs as wide as they would go.

Axton loved it when I was this open for him. His lean hips would fit just right, while he would ease his thick, long cock inside of me. No matter how crazy we were for each other, he always went slow the first time he entered me. I would feel every hot, pulsing inch of him as he fed his cock into me. When he was as deep as he could go, when his tip was touching my cervix and making me burn with a need that would start to consume every fiber inside and out, he would just wait. Every damn time, he would wait until I opened my eyes and looked up at him.

"Do you want me?"

How could he not know I wanted him? I was dripping wet, practically gushing around his shaft. "Yes," I always told him, because I knew he needed the assertion.

"You feel so fucking good, baby. Tell me how you want it. Fast? Hard? Slow? Gentle? I'll give you whatever you want."

Tonight, as I let the memories work as my own form of porn, I wanted it fast and definitely hard. The jets of the showerhead brushed over my swollen clit and I nearly screamed from the pleasure as I remembered how much attention Axton would give that little nub. I could get off on that stimulation alone, but I wanted more. Needed to be filled up. My fingers were trembling from how worked up I was as I spread the lips of my pussy more and let the pressure of the water do what I so desperately wanted Axton to do.

I wasn't going to last, which was what I wanted, but at the same time I didn't want it to end. When I was with Ax, I never wanted our lovemaking to end. When I would feel myself starting to build up toward my release, I would almost panic because I didn't want him to leave me. I needed him to stay inside of me for as long as humanly possible. Craved the connection with him as much as I craved the explosion that was about to erupt inside me. Axton had always seemed to need the same thing, because there had been plenty of times when he would fall asleep still buried in me. The jets of the showerhead couldn't give me that, so when my orgasm hit me just as fast and hard as I had wanted, a few tears escaped my tightly closed eyes.

A while later, when my legs had stopped trembling from the force of my release, I crawled into bed and pulled my extra pillow against my chest. When we were outside, Axton had asked me if I was going to hate him later. I'd given him the only answer I could. I might spew all kinds of hate-filled venom at the man but, sadly, I couldn't hate him like I wanted to.

Maybe if I hated him I wouldn't have felt so hollow right then, wanting Axton in bed beside me. He might not have been my first lover, but he had been the first man to ever spend the night with me. I couldn't handle too much physical contact because my mother had drilled it into my head that it was never something that was good. She had never hugged me, never touched me unless it was to take a brush to the parts of my body that couldn't see the welts and bruises when I did something wrong in her eyes. With Axton, my anxiety over being hugged or cuddled hadn't even reared its head.

The sound of my text message chime going off made me jump and I reached for my phone that I'd plugged into my charger a few hours ago.

Axton: Sweet dreams, baby.<br/>

One week turned into two and before I knew it three weeks had gone by and everyone was starting to pack for the tour. Liam was about as ready as he could be for the next few months on the road. The cast on his wrist was removed and Linc set to work on getting his hand stronger so that he would be ready to play. The cast on his leg was still going to be on there for a while longer and we would see a specialist while out on tour, or so Emmie had informed me.

While I was ready to get on the road and out of a house that threw me and Axton together so much, I was counting down the days until my dad came to Tennessee. He had promised to stop at one of the farms he had an interest in so that I would get to spend a little time with him before I left. As I straightened up Liam's room, while he was in the living room with everyone else, I kept glancing down at my phone. Today was the day and I was just waiting on my dad to text me so I could go visit.

The plan had been for him to visit at Wroth's farm, but my dad had a few things he needed to take care so I'd just told him I would drive over to where he was. I didn't want to have to wait on him to finish what needed his attention, so I was impatiently waiting. It wasn't every day that I got to see my dad. I was pretty much kept as far away from Austin Bradshaw from the moment my mother had decided to divorce him. Which had happened about five seconds after Austin had told her that he didn't want his daughter subjected to the circus show of Texas beauty pageants.

When the text finally came through, I gave a happy dance because I loved my dad so much. Skipping through the house, I grabbed my coat and the keys to the truck that Wroth had made available to anyone that might need it. Linc and Natalie both knew where I was going, so I didn't bother to tell them that I was leaving.

The truck had a GPS and I had to punch in the address before I could go. I hadn't left the ranch for anything but to go with Liam to his doctor's appointment so I didn't know where I was going at all. It took thirty minutes to get to the house my dad was staying at.

When I pulled up in front of the house, which was more like a mansion, I couldn't help but frown. I wasn't expecting something this extravagant out here in the country, although I had passed some really nice houses as I had gone through town. Even when I had driven through the gates at the entrance of the property with a sign that had read 'Huntington Estate' I hadn't figured the place would be so... Ostentatious was the only word that kept entering my mind.

The house was a two-story, but it was as wide as my apartment building back in New York. The garage that connected to the house could have easily held eight large vehicles. The grounds were expertly manicured, looking green and luscious even though it was the dead of winter. But it was the stables in the distance that really caught my attention. The thing was huge and for some reason my heart began to race as soon as I spotted it.

Turning off the truck, I stepped out and let out a happy squeal as soon as I saw the big man walking down the front steps toward me. "Daddy!" I threw myself into his arms.

With a deep laugh Austin Bradshaw swung me around and around. In my eyes there was no man better than my dad. He was rough around the edges and as mean as a snake at times. But he was also a straight shooter, always letting you know how he felt without pussyfooting around the issue. He also loved me more than anything in the world.

After a few minutes he put me on my feet and stepped back to look down at me. I hadn't seen him since Christmas and only then for a few hours. His face had changed a little, a few more lines and a few more gray hairs, but that didn't distract from how handsome he was. I loved that I looked so much more like my dad than I did my mother. There were other changes in his appearance but the biggest was in his waist. Austin had always had a little extra weight on him, making his stomach thick and slightly round. But that was gone now.

"Damn, Daddy!" I teased as I took him all in. "Who you lookin' good for?"

Austin chuckled, but didn't deny it, which had my brows rising. Before I could call him on it and demand to know what he was doing, because my dad hadn't ever cared about his appearance or a woman in any shape or form, he distracted me by telling me he had a surprise for me.

Automatically my eyes went back to the stables and my heart started pounding. Seeing the look on my face, Austin grabbed my hand and we hurried toward the big building. The closer we got, the more anxious I was to reach it.

Several men were standing by the entrance to the stables. When we stepped inside it was warm and cozy, the all-too-familiar scent of horses filled my nose and I couldn't help but smile. I glanced around with excitement, feeling like a kid let loose in a candy store after getting the taste of sugar for the first time. My dad just laughed as I continued to act like a little girl.

Halfway down he turned to me and told me to close my eyes. "Trust me, darlin'."

With a shrug I closed my eyes and let him lead me the rest of the way through the stables. With my eyes closed, the scent and sound of horses moving around took me back to a time when I had been happy and innocent. A time before my mother had gotten crazy with the pageants and then the whole modeling thing.

"Okay, Dallas." Austin put his hands on my sides and turned me to the left. "Open 'em up, darlin'."

Slowly I opened my eyes. When they focused on the horse in the stall before me, my legs nearly buckled. "Raad..." His name came out in a whisper and with a trembling hand I reached out to touch his nose. Tears burned my throat and eyes as I took in the horse that I had considered my first friend.

"He's been here for about five years now. When your mother sold him I started looking for him as soon as I could, but I finally tracked him down about a year ago."

I glanced back at the black Arabian stallion. Raad was seventeen years old now, but the way he was nuzzling my hand told me that he remembered me. I'd missed this horse every day for fifteen years. My mother had used Raad against me when I had refused to do the pageants. One day I had come home from school and Raad, who had lived in the single stable just a few hundred yards from the house my mother had moved us into when she had divorced my father, was gone. She said that if I wasn't going to do what she wanted then I couldn't have what I wanted. Then she had promised that she would get Raad back if I did what she told me and I started winning the pageants. Her promise, like all her promises, had been a lie. I hadn't seen Raad again until that moment.

"Why didn't you tell me?" I leaned forward and kissed Raad's nose.

"Was just waiting on the perfect time to give him back to you, darlin'." Austin wrapped his arm around my shoulders. "I own every horse in this stable now. So while you're in the area, feel free to come over and ride any horse to your heart's content." He nodded toward the stallion now trying to sniff out some treats, obviously remembering that I always snuck him a carrot or some sugar cubes out to him every day. "As for Raad, or Prince-as Tink called him until she realized that it wasn't his real name, he's all yours just like he is supposed to be."

"Really?" I kissed Raad again then turned and threw myself against my dad. "You swear?"

"Swear, darlin'." Austin's face was completely serious. "You let me know what you want done with him and I'll do it. But he seems happy here. Tink might have sold me the horses and the stable itself to go with it, but she still takes care of all of them."

"Who's Tink?" I asked my dad as he took my hand and led me away from Raad's stall. I blew him a kiss over my shoulder before turning my full attention back to my dad.

"Tink owns Huntington Estates. A few years ago, when her brother died, she nearly lost everything because of her sister-in-law's excessive spending. When I came along and wanted to buy Raad back, she offered me all of the horses and the stables for a lump sum that got the Estate out of trouble. She sold off the family company and I hired her to take care of the horses for me."

My eyes narrowed on my dad as we exited the stables. He seemed to light up at the mention of Tink. Having never had to fight for my father's attention when it came to other women, I suddenly felt like any other Daddy's girl would. No woman would ever be good enough for my hero. Whoever this Tink woman was, she had better measure up in a big way or I wasn't going to let whatever was going on continue.

As we walked toward the house, Austin told me all about Tink. She was a horse lover, and had been collecting them from the time she could ride. The Huntingtons were seriously rich, or they had been until Samuel Huntington had passed away eight years ago. Now it was just Tink and her sister-in-law who lived in the huge house on the estate. While Tink took care of the horses, her sister-in-law, Sharon, continued on with her life as if they were still richer than God by hosting parties as often as possible.

When we entered the house, I found it just as ostentatious as the outside was. I raised a brow at my dad and he sighed. "Sharon has full command of the house. It was left to her in her husband's will. But that was all she got. When it comes to money, she has to rely on Tink."

"Someone needs to get the broom out of their ass and lighten up a little," I told my dad as he led the way down a hall that was covered in expensive paintings. I shook my head, wondering where all the family photos were. This place felt more like a museum rather than a home.

Austin entered a room that looked like an old-style sitting room. I rolled my eyes when I found a woman in a dress with long dark-blonde hair sitting on one of the loveseats that looked as if it were hard as hell and ridiculously expensive. Across from there sat a tall, slender woman in a pair of well-worn jeans and a flannel shirt.

Both stood when we entered the room. Two sets of eyes landed on my father and my hackles began to rise as I saw interest flare in both. I stood there for a long moment, assessing the two women as they seemed to gobble up the sight of my father. I zeroed in on the woman who had to be Sharon Huntington first. She was really lovely at first glance. Slender, with a nice figure. Her long hair was gorgeous and her eyes, a dark green, really quite striking in her face. But when I looked at the woman, I saw my mother-the greed in her eyes telling me that she was only interested in my father because of the money that came with him.

There was a lot of money that went with Austin Bradshaw, after all. If the Huntingtons had been sickeningly rich, that still probably hadn't gotten close to touching the amount my dad was worth. He came from old Texas money. His grandfather had been into oil and cattle. When the oil had gone dry, the cattle had still remained. Austin had only added to the wealth that he had inherited.

Turning my gaze to the other woman, who had to be Tink, I took all of her in. She was absolutely breathtaking. For a woman in her forties, she dressed more like she was in her teens. Her hair was pulled up into a simple ponytail and her face was makeup free, which made me completely jealous when I noticed how long her eyelashes were naturally. When she looked up at Austin, her entire face seemed to light up, much like my dad's had when he had been talking about her earlier.

Sighing, I decided then and there that if Tink really cared about my father, then I wasn't going to go all Daddy's-girl bitch on her. If she could make Austin happy, then more power to her. Just as long as she kept him away from the haughty bitch turning her disapproving gaze on me.

Axton

The house was starting to suffocate me. I felt like if I didn't get out of the house, off the farm-fuck, out of Tennessee-I was going to lose my shit in a bad way. I kept counting down the days until we would be out on the road, and they weren't. Coming. Fast. Enough.

The only thing that helped with the overpowering feelings was Dallas. Sure, she tried to ignore me during the day, but at night I always found her easily. We usually ended up out on the porch, either sharing a beer or sharing our lips. I always sent her to bed alone, then took care of my aching body in the shower before falling into bed and texting her for at least an hour before one of us would fall asleep. All in all, I felt like we were moving in the right direction.

Today, for some reason, the suffocating feeling was worse than usual. Nothing seemed to help and I knew that I needed Dallas to distract me before I started climbing the walls and scared Marissa. Upsetting Marissa in any way would only force Wroth to kill me, and as much as I wanted this feeling to go away, I didn't want to be dead.

Moving through the house, I discovered that she wasn't anywhere to be found. Liam hadn't seen her all morning because it was technically her day off. Marissa and Wroth had seen her at breakfast but nothing since. Finally I found Zander, Natalie and Linc in the family room watching some old movie that I was sure Nat and Linc loved but Zander was forcing himself to watch because he was trying to ease his way into Nat's pants. As much as I cared about Z, I wouldn't blink at ratting him out to Nat's brothers. I couldn't help but grin as I wondered how pretty his face would be once Drake and Shane got finished with him.

"Anyone know where Dallas is?" My gaze went to Linc because he was whom I was really asking, but I knew that he wouldn't answer. Linc was loyal to Dallas to a fault and that only made me respect him more. The fact that he hated me right now didn't bother me. As soon as I got Dallas back he would be my friend again because he supported anything that made Dallas or any of the other women in his life happy.

It was Natalie that raised her head. "Her dad is in the area. She went over to visit with him."

"Where?" Maybe I could go out and meet her. I liked her dad, and he had seemed to tolerate me the few times I'd gotten to meet him.

Natalie frowned, trying to remember. "Huntington Estate? Yeah, I think that was it."

Zander's head snapped up in time to watch the blood drain from my face. "Fuck, man."

I suddenly felt like vomiting. No. No. No way. I wasn't going to let her get frostbite from my bitch of a mother. No way was I going to let that hoity-toity bitch sink her teeth into Dallas. My girl's skin might be tough, but if Sharon Huntington got her teeth into her she would leave . My jaw suddenly hurt and I realized that it was because I was clenching it so hard.

If Dallas was at Huntington Estate, then that meant I was going to have to do something I had sworn never to do again in my lifetime.

Go home.

I didn't say another word to the three sitting on the couch. Instead I found the keys to Wroth's SUV and drove like the hounds of hell were behind me as I raced toward the other side of town. I passed the run-down streets that Devlin and Zander had grown up on, the new high school that had been built only a few years ago-but that I hadn't ever attended, since my mother had insisted on a private school an hour's drive away-and then the country club members' homes. All of those pretentious assholes were friends in one way or another with my mother and I hated them simply by association.

A drive that should have taken twenty minutes ended up only being nine. When I skidded to a halt in the driveway, the tires squealed. The SUV was barely in park before I was running up the steps to the stupidly big house. Seriously, when I was a kid there had only been my parents and I living there. Who needed a ten-bedroom house when you only had one kid?

The door was locked and I had to either ring the doorbell or kick the damn door down. I would have rather kicked it down and would have done exactly that if the housekeeper hadn't answered the door so quickly. When I focused on the older woman standing there in her maid's uniform, I felt a small kick to my heart that it wasn't Margret, the housekeeper who had basically raised me.

"May I help..." I pushed past the woman, "...you?"

"Dallas?" I called her name as I stomped through the house. If she was here then there was only one place to look first. My mother only entertained her guests in that stupid formal sitting room of hers. When I reached the door I heard the cold voice of my mother.

"...degrading your body."

I entered the room to find Sharon Huntington looking down her straight nose at Dallas as she stood beside her father. It was obvious that she hadn't been there too long if Dallas still had her coat on. The coat covered up most of Dallas's tattoos, but that didn't disguise the facial piercings.

"I don't believe I asked for your opinion on what I've done with my body. Actually, I don't remember asking you anything. So let's try to keep our opinions to ourselves. If you keep your dislike of my piercings and tattoos-by the way I have twenty-two-to yourself, I will keep the fact that you are a snotty bitch to myself."

I froze in my tracks. Had I really worried about Dallas being unable to stand up against my mother? If I had, then I had surely lost my mind. Dallas could stand up to anyone or anything. She was stronger than anyone I knew.

"Austin, darling, please tell me that this rude girl is not your daughter," Sharon commanded, turning her disdainful eyes on the older man.

Suddenly I was very glad I had come, if for no other reason than to watch as Austin Bradshaw went from calm and collected to raging daddy bear in the blink of an eye. Even though I didn't know much about the man, there was one thing that he made clear to anyone that he met. Austin worshipped Dallas. She could do no wrong in his eyes. Her tattoos and piercings? They just made her more beautiful. Her ballsy attitude? Damn, she sure did remind him of himself.

My mother had just made the ultimate mistake where this man was concerned. "She is, actually. She also will inherit every penny I have when I die. That little fact didn't sit well with her momma, and it probably won't sit well with you either. Dallas is mine, and I love every inch of her. I tend to make it a rule not to hit women, but you keep insultin' my girl and I will make an exception."

Sharon's face turned blood red and her mouth opened and shut like a fish for a long moment before she narrowed her eyes on Austin. "Why you..."

"Well, it seems that I didn't have to worry after all," I spoke up, finally forcing every eye in the room on me.

Dallas's eyes widened when she saw me, but she didn't say anything. Austin inclined his head in greeting while my aunt stepped forward and embraced me in a tight hug. "Anthony! Oh my goodness. It's so good to see you."

I hugged her back for a brief moment before stepping back. "It's good to see you too, Tink. And the name is Axton, remember?"

"Your name is Anthony," Sharon snapped. "It's the name I gave you." I rolled my eyes at her as she gave me a once over, taking in the sight of my still dyed black hair, my pierced lip, the tattoos on my neck and the sleeve on my arms visible because I hadn't stopped long enough to put my coat on in my rush to get to Dallas. "Don't expect me to acknowledge you by any other name."

"No one asked you too, mother," I assured her, not sparing her another glance as I turned my gaze on Dallas. "Are you okay, baby?"

"You have got to be kidding me?" Sharon raged, but no one paid her any attention.

Dallas raised a brow, her lips starting to twitch as she tried to keep from grinning. "Your name is Anthony?"

I grimaced. "It was, once upon a time. It used to be Anthony Xavier Huntington. But I couldn't see anyone in the rock world taking me seriously so I shortened it to Axton, added on the Cage and here I am." I winked when the grin finally broke through. "Which do you like better?"

"Oh, the Axton for sure. The other name feels like you should be adding 'The Third' at the end. Sorry, I don't go for guys who have numbers after their name."

Behind her, Austin chuckled. "Definitely like you better as Axton, boy. It fits the man I know better than that bullshit name."

"Well, it sure is a small world." Tink laughed as she moved to stand next to Austin once again. "So, my nephew and your daughter...?" Austin shrugged and they both started laughing again. "So, that would make them cousins."

"What the fuck?" I caught hold of Dallas's hand as she turned on her father. She was so distracted by the new development that she didn't seem to care that I was touching her. "What do you mean cousins?"

"Step-cousins, actually," Tink clarified. "At least you will be once I marry your father."

"When the hell were you going to tell me, Daddy?" Dallas demanded, sounding less outraged and more hurt. "I didn't even know you had met someone."

Austin gave her a sheepish grin. "Sorry, darlin'. I wanted to make sure Tink took me seriously and wanted the same thing I did before I talked to you. Don't worry, though. The wedding isn't until next year, so you two have plenty of time to get to know each other."

"That isn't the problem. You didn't even tell me, Dad. I don't know anything that is going on in your life anymore. And how do you know this woman isn't like Mom? Mom was all kinds of sweet and innocent until you married her, and then she turned into cunt monkey number one. Just like cunt bags over there." She nodded toward Sharon who gave her a chillingly evil glare, making me snort as I fought back my laugh. Yeah, I shouldn't have worried about Dallas and my mother at all.

The sound of the doorbell cut off whatever Austin was about to say in defense of Tink. Instead it was Tink who stepped forward, a grin on her still beautiful face. I was fortunate that I had taken after my father's side of the family. I looked more like Tink than Sharon, and for that I would be eternally grateful to the DNA fairy. "I know all about your mother, Dallas. And while I agree that she is a lot like my dear sister-in-law, I don't consider myself to be like them in the least. But don't take my word for it. I'd like to get to know you and show you that I'm not like either of them."

"I don't know..." she began only to be cut off as there was a commotion in the hall before the room was suddenly overflowing with a testosterone-filled beast. Linc entered the room followed by Natalie and then Zander and Devlin.

Linc was assessing the room, looking for all threats to Dallas. "You okay, Dallas?" he demanded as he pushed between me and my girl.

"I'm good," she assured him. "Just another drama filled day. Nothin' unusual to see here."

"Linc," Austin said, stepped stepping forward to shake his hand. "Good to see you, son."

"Mr. Bradshaw." Instead of shaking his hand, Linc embraced Austin. "You sure Dallas is okay? Zander said that she might not be since Axton's mom was a real bitch."

"I'm standing right here, people!" Sharon screeched. "And I want all of you out of my house. Now. I will not stand here and be insulted by trash like you."

"Oh shit," I heard Linc mutter as he stepped as far away from Dallas as quickly as possible. He caught Natalie around the waist and started backing her toward the door. "Duck and cover. Duck and cover."

"Trash?" Dallas's voice didn't raise higher than a murmur as she turned flame filled eyes on my mother. "Who you callin' trash, you bitch?"

"Dallas..." Austin attempted to calm his daughter, but he didn't try very hard.

"You," Sharon went on as if no one else had spoken. "You are trash, you skanky idiot. And just how high is your IQ? It couldn't be very high from the way you keep dropping your g's like that. Anthony, please tell me you aren't planning on marrying this hick? I was hoping for grandchildren that would at least be smart enough to have a civilized conversation with."

"Shut up, Mother," I growled. "You know nothing about Dallas. She's an amazing girl."

"Amazing in bed, obviously, since she has caught your attention. You always did tend to think with your penis and not your head."

Dallas was slowly easing toward Sharon. If it weren't for the fact that I knew my mother would press charges faster than it would take her to land on her ass after the punch to the face I foresaw Dallas giving Sharon, then I wouldn't have bothered to stop her. The filth flying out of my mother's mouth was just one of the many reason I had never tried to make contact with her over the years.

"I was actually kind of disappointed when you broke up with that Moreitti girl. Despite her poor choice in career she looked like a respectable enough young lady." Dallas's entire body seemed to freeze up, and I saw all her anger evaporate. She just stood there, obviously having been gutted. Fuck. I hated the woman that gave birth to me more in that moment than any person on the planet. "At least she could speak proper English."

The sudden scream that rent the air came out of nowhere. We were all stunned as Tink stepped back from Sharon who was suddenly on the floor. "I'm so sick of your mouth. That's my future stepdaughter you're insulting." My aunt snarled and I wanted to hug her tight in that moment. "Good luck trying to keep this place up without me. And don't worry about the horses. They will be moved by the end of the week."

Tink turned to Dallas and wrapped her arm around her shoulders before urging her out of the room. Dallas kept her head down as she walked past me, Zander, and then Devlin. I wanted to punch something at the defeated look on my girl's face. That wasn't the Dallas I knew and loved. That was the girl that her mother had tried to make her. Meek and helpless. I knew it wouldn't last long, that she was just hurting, but she should never have to feel like that again.

As Austin went to follow after his two females, he bent and whispered something only Sharon could hear. Whatever he said made her face go pale as death. Austin straightened and left without another word to anyone.

I waited until the room was clear of everyone else before I trusted myself to move. Rage like I'd never felt was making me shake, but by the time Devlin left the room I had myself under control for the most part. I crouched down in front of my mother. Maybe I should have felt something like regret or even pity for the woman lying on her ass with her nose bleeding, but I couldn't bring myself to care. "Just so you know, I do plan on marrying Dallas. She's the smartest woman I've ever met and she is ten times the woman you have ever picked for me. She works her ass off as a nurse and doesn't put up with my bullshit. I love her and I'm not letting her get away. Too bad for you, now that you've turned even Tink against you, that you will have no one, while I will have everything I ever really wanted."

"Anthony-"

"Axton," I automatically corrected her. "I never wanted to be Anthony. He was the boy you wanted to control like a marionette. I'm Axton, the man who lives his own life by his own rules." I stood and gave her the disdainful glare she had been dishing out from the time I could remember. "Goodbye, Mother."

Dallas

Stop acting like a hick, Dallas Diana. Winners don't drop their g's. Shoulders back. Eyes forward. No. No. NO. How can you be so stupid? That walk is nothing like we have been practicing. Do it again. Again, Dallas Diana, or I will get the brush.

One of my mother's rants as she had forced me to practice for her stupid pageants was shouting through my head and I couldn't get away from it. God, I thought I had gotten over all her shit, but with just a few well-hit catty remarks I was reliving the hell my mother had made of my life.

I'd only started dropping my g's like the hick my mother-and now Sharon Huntington-had called me just to piss my mother off. It was small, almost petty things like that that had helped me keep my sanity as I was forced through one beauty pageant after another. It didn't matter to my mother that I would rather be reading a book or that I had no desire to be the next Miss America. That was Janessa's dream and because she had never considered herself beautiful she had forced me to compete so she could live vicariously through me.

When I won Miss Teen USA at fourteen, my mother had been the happiest I'd ever seen her. Within a year I was in Paris modeling while she practically starved me so that she could live her fucking dream. The day I met Harper I'd finally started to feel what it was like to have someone accept me wholeheartedly.

So why was I letting some douche bucket make me feel like I wasn't good enough? I glared out the window of my dad's truck as he drove toward Wroth's farm, mad at myself for letting anything that cunt monkey had said about me get to me. I'd been taking it all with a grain of salt until she had said she would have rather seen her son with Gabriella-fucking-Moreitti. The girl who had studied at Julliard from the time she was a kid. The girl who didn't have a tattoo or a piercing to be seen. The perfect daughter-in-law for Sharon Huntington, or as perfect as it was going to get where her son was concerned.

It brought home the fact that I was never going to be the one for Axton. He loved Gabriella, while I had only ever been a distraction to pass the time until he got her back. Now that it looked like he was never going to do that, I suddenly felt like I was second best. That was why Axton had been so affectionate over the last three weeks. I knew he had been trying to win me over by taking it slow, and stupid me, I'd been falling even deeper for the rock god. With Gabriella in love with someone else, I was the consolation prize.

Well, fuck that. Fuck Sharon Huntington. Fuck. Axton.

No way was I going to let this get me down. No way was I going to run and hide with my tail tucked between my legs like that bitch had wanted me to do. By the time my dad pulled to a stop in front of the three-story house, I was seriously pissed off.

Austin turned the truck off and turned in his seat to look at me in the back seat. I'd been pushed into his truck along with Tink when we had left Huntington Estate. I hadn't objected because I'd wanted as far away from that fucking place as quickly as possible. "Dallas, don't let what that piece of filth said get in your head. She doesn't know you, and sadly for her, she never will. You are the strongest, smartest, most amazing girl in the world. I love you, darlin'."

I forced a smile for my dad. "Thanks, Daddy. I love you, too. And don't worry. I'm not going to let what she said bother me. Right now I'm mad as hell, but I'll get over it. I just want to take a shower and be alone right now. Is that okay?"

"Of course it is. You take care of you, darlin'. Tink and I will get Raad and the horses moved. What do you want me to do with Raad, though? I could have him taken to a stable in New York so you can see him more often?"

"I don't know yet, Daddy. Let's talk about it later. I might even decide to go back to Texas. I don't have anything holding me to New York at the moment. I can find a job there just as easily as I can there." I needed a change of scenery anyway. Going home would be nice.

Austin's face lit up. "Darlin' you let me know what you want to do and if you do decide that Texas is where you want to be, I'll find you a house. Or if you want to live on the ranch, I'll build you a house. Anything you want, it's yours." He glanced over at Tink. "It would be nice having my girls together like that."

When Tink raised her hand to cup my dad's cheek I couldn't help but suddenly feel jealous of the love I saw shining out of both their eyes. Damn it, I wanted someone to look at me like that. "Whatever makes you happy, my love."

I cleared my throat. "I'll let you guys know. For now I have to get through three months of rocker bullshit." I leaned forward and kissed my dad's cheek. "Love you, Daddy."

"Love you as big as the sky, darlin'. Take care of yourself."

I promised him I would, and then hugged Tink a little awkwardly before climbing out of the truck. As my father pulled away I waved one last time before walking up the steps to the porch. Natalie and Linc were standing there watching me, having gotten back with Zander just a few minutes before me, while Devlin had driven back the truck I had taken over to Huntington Estate.

"There are storms in those eyes, Dallas," Linc said with a sigh. "How about some spaghetti?"

I rolled my eyes at him. Spaghetti was Linc's idea of a pick-me-up for any bad mood. It had worked wonders for Harper when she had to deal with her mother and stepsister's crap. For me I needed something with a little more kick to it. Maybe some Jose or even some Jack. But since I had a job to do, getting sloshed wasn't going to happen. Not tonight at least.

"I would love a bowl of spaghetti," I told my friend as I walked into his open arms without the slightest hesitation. As big and strong as Linc was, I had never been scared of him a day in my life. When his big, strong arms wrapped around my small waist, I closed my eyes and tried to let my anger go. There was nothing like a hug from Linc Spencer.

When another pair of arms wrapped around me from behind, a giggle escaped me and I turned my head to kiss Natalie on the cheek. She wasn't my Harper, but she would do. I loved Natalie just as much as I loved Lana and considered her just as much a part of my crazy family. Surprisingly the giggle relieved some of the pressure around my heart and I held on a little tighter to Linc for a few more seconds.

Axton

I didn't go back to the farm right away. Maybe I didn't want to answer questions from my bandmates. Or Dallas's friends. Truthfully, it was because I didn't know how to look Dallas in the eye and tell her how sorry I was that the woman who had brought me into the world had been such a bitch to the woman I'd been brought into the world to love.

So I just drove Wroth's SUV around until I felt like a pussy and had to go home to face everyone. It was only just after eight when I entered the house. The first thing to catch my attention was the overpowering delicious aroma of tomatoes and garlic. The scent alone was comforting and I relaxed a little as I walked through the quiet house.

In the kitchen I found everyone, including Liam in his wheelchair, sitting at the table eating overflowing bowls of spaghetti. No one was talking because they had their mouths full. When they saw me standing in the doorway of the kitchen, everyone paused mid-chew to focus on me. Marissa didn't even hesitate to jump to her feet and rush to the stove. "I bet you must be hungry. Come and join us. Linc made so much that I'm going to freeze some and stock the bus so that we have a few decent meals for the road."

I took the bowl of noodles and thick, rich meat sauce and sat down at the table. There was only one seat left, between Devlin and Wroth, so I sat down and grabbed a slice of garlic bread from the basket in front of me. While I took a bite of the best freaking spaghetti I had ever had in my life, my eyes went directly to Dallas.

She shot me a quick look before turning her attention back to her food. That one look told me so much and I wasn't sure if I could still stomach the meal in front of me. My mother had hit her mark, just as she had wanted to. How had she known that Gabriella was the key to shattering the closeness I'd worked so hard to achieve with Dallas over the last three weeks? How had she known that with a few catty sentences, she would rip open a wound that I had been nursing to heal for what felt like a lifetime?

And how the fuck was I going to fix it?

Dallas

I'd never been in a tour bus before. I know, it's surprising considering that two of my closest friends were married to rockers. And that I had dated an actual rock god for several months.

When two mammoth buses pulled up in front of Wroth's house, I was shocked speechless for a few minutes as I took it in. They weren't what I had been expecting, that was for sure. I'd been expecting some crazy artwork on the buses pronouncing them OtherWorld's sex caves. There wasn't.

The buses were black and gray in color with no artwork in sight to scream who was on board. At least forty-five or even fifty feet long, with blacked-out windows, and growling from the power that was behind the engine, they were almost intimidating. When I followed Wroth and Marissa onto the bus that was supposed to be my home for the next three months, I was even more shocked. Maybe I was expecting shag carpets on the walls and cots to sleep on. Who knows, but reality was a far stretch from what had been in my mind.

As soon as I walked onto the bus there was a driver's seat that was closed off from the rest of the bus with a door. Stepping through that door I came to a living room. An actual living room. Carpets on the floors, lamps on end tables, a recliner, long couch, and even a flat screen in one corner that was already on some news channel and I realized that it must have been connected to a satellite. There was a table with a cup holder on each corner as well as bench seats on each side.

Walking through the living room I came to a narrow hall with closed doors on each side. Curious, I opened the door on the right and found a pantry stocked full of nonperishable foods. Turning, I peeked inside the door behind me and found a toilet and a small sink and even a hand rail. I nearly laughed out loud thinking of traveling down the interstate going seventy miles an hour, holding onto the rail so I wouldn't fall off the toilet while I did my business.

Past the narrow hall there was a door that I slid open and found what Liam had described to me as the roosts. Three bunks on each side with individual gray curtains covering each bed area. Sliding one of the curtains back on a middle bunk I saw that the bed was brand new and made up with white jersey sheets and a fleece blanket.

Dropping my backpack on the bed, I kept exploring. Another door stood in my way and I opened it to find a small kitchen. Very small. Just a sink, a small stove top and a huge refrigerator that took up most of the space. I shrugged and kept walking.

Another door, which I assumed was the end of the bus, took me into what was the bedroom. There was a shower in the corner with the glass frosted out to allow a little extra privacy. The bed was a twin and already made up for Liam. The rest of the room was set up as if it were a physical therapy room. All the things Linc had said he would need for Liam's therapy had been provided along with some weights that I knew Linc would appreciate since he wouldn't be getting his daily workout like he normally would. In the last four weeks he had resorted to running on the farm, and when it came to lifting weights, he'd started lifting random animals over his head. When that hadn't been enough he would lift me and Natalie over his head. He had wanted to add Marissa to the pile, but Marissa had a thing about heights and was too nervous.

"What do you think?"

I turned around from examining the closet to find Linc helping Liam into the room. I gave Liam a smile that didn't quiet reach my eyes before turning back to the closet that already had his clothes hung up inside. My smile rarely reached my eyes these days. As much as I had wanted to put Sharon Huntington's bitchiness behind me and move on, it lingered; replacing some of my memories of my mother with fresh material to run through my head on repeat.

"Not what I was expecting," I told him as I closed the closet door and turned around to try and get him comfortable. It wasn't ridiculously early because we didn't have to be in Florida until nine that night. Panama was the first stop on the tour and OtherWorld wasn't scheduled to take the stage until nine, so we had plenty of time from what Natalie had told me.

Liam laughed as he sat down on the bed and then pulled his legs onto the mattress. "Yeah, I bet. This is the tame bus, though. Emmie didn't have time to get it the way our original bus is."

"What do you mean?"

"Well, I'm sure the fridge isn't stocked with nothing but Monster energy drinks and booze this trip, but there won't be much more that's changed. So if you want an energy drink check out the crews' buses. Still, we have a stack of video games that we do nothing but play in our down time on the other bus. Seriously, there is every console known to man over there with every game made for each. We get them even before they are put on sale, because Zander knows someone who hooks us up." He laid his head on the pillows and chuckled up at the ceiling. "There are two flat screens in the living room since the living room is so much bigger. Everyone fights over the bedroom so we had it taken out and everyone sleeps in the roosts. Ever tried fucking a girl in one of those?"

"Can't say that I have," I assured him dryly.

He snorted. "Yeah, well it's uncomfortable as hell. But the bathroom is bigger because of the lack of bedroom, and the shower is twice as wide as that one over there."

"Sounds fun," Linc said as he checked over his PT inventory. "Dallas, do you need me to bring anything else? I've got your luggage stored under the bus and put your pillows on your bed."

"I'm good. Thanks for helping me." Thanks for letting me jump on the bus so I didn't have to see or speak to anyone else, was what I really meant to say. Linc nodded, letting me know that he had heard what I really had meant from my thanks. It was one of the million things I took for granted. Linc was tied for second place as my best friend in the entire freaking world, Lana being my second bestie too despite having only met her when she first moved to New York for college a few years ago. Linc had been around almost as long as Harper, and he knew me better than I knew myself. Sometimes.

I'd been avoiding everyone this past week, even Linc and Natalie. I would have even avoided Liam if I weren't his nurse. Kind of hard to avoid someone when you were in charge of making sure they got their meds along with a dozen other things that I had to take care of. Thankfully, if Liam saw the change in me, he hadn't called me on it. I wasn't ready to talk about what was going on inside my head. Didn't know if I would ever be. If Harper was here, she would have forced the topic by now, and for once I was glad she was on the West Coast with her ex-slut, rocker husband.

Everyone was piling onto the buses now. I heard Natalie yelling at the guys outside the bus, telling them to hurry their asses up. I had a copy of the schedule for the next week and knew she was going to make sure that it was followed to the letter. Natalie worked her ass off for Emmie and would always endeavor to make Em never regret hiring her even though she'd had no experience.

First stop was at Panama City Beach, before traveling to Orlando to perform at the Hard Rock at Universal Studios. Then it was up to Georgia for a few stops. That was all I knew, but I assumed we would then go to South Carolina followed by North Carolina and so on since it was an East Coast states tour.

From the front of the bus I heard Marissa and Wroth getting settled and once I was sure that Liam was okay I went to join them since I smelled coffee. I was just taking my seat on the long couch when the bus started moving. Natalie shot me a text telling me to rest up now, because it was going to be crazy once we got to the venue. More than likely the guys would want to go to the club afterwards and if Liam was going then I had to go too. Not that I was going to turn down a night at a club. I would kill for a night out just dancing and getting my drink on.

Two hours into the trip Wroth went to take a nap, leaving me along with Marissa since Linc was doing the same. We spent the next few hours painting our nails and I finally got to do what I'd been aching to do from the first time I had seen all of Marissa's long, gloriously dark hair. There was so much of it and it felt so silky that it took me forever to get it braided, but by the time I was done it was beautiful in a side fish-tail braid.

While I worked on her hair I'd wanted to ask her about what was going on with her and Wroth. Over the last month I had seen things that had left me with nothing but questions where Marissa and Wroth were concerned. Like the tortured look in Wroth's eyes whenever he looked at Marissa when she was unaware. Or the longing in Marissa's eyes when he had his back turned. The way Wroth was so gentle with Marissa when it was public knowledge that Wroth was a woman-hater and wasn't exactly gentle when it came to sex. More than a few one night stands had sold their story to whatever tabloid that would pay the big bucks for their sordid tales of the adventure they had had in Wroth Niall's bed.

I knew that there wasn't any blood relation between Marissa and Wroth, so I was beyond curious to know what the story was behind their relationship. But I kept my mouth shut on that subject because I didn't want to embarrass Marissa in case she wasn't comfortable talking to me about it. She was far too sweet to put her through something that was going to make her uncomfortable around me.

It was barely after lunch when the bus driver surprised me and stopped. A few minutes later the door opened and Natalie stepped into the living room. I looked up from the movie that we had been watching and frowned at her. "What's going on?"

"Liam and Wroth need to come onto the other bus so that the guys can go over their set for tonight. There won't be time once we get there." She dropped down onto the couch next to me. "Remind me to google pranks later. I've got to find something kick ass to get back at Zander and Devlin with."

"What did they do to you?" Marissa asked from her spot on the floor where she was adding some cute artistic designs to her toenails. "Did they Saran wrap the toilet and you ended up peeing on yourself because it ran into your pants instead of the toilet?"

Natalie made a distressed noise and covered her face with both hands. "How did you know?"

"Happened to me when I was seventeen." She grinned and shook her head. "Don't worry. I've learned a few things over the years. I'll help you get back at them."

"Promise?"

"Of course." Marissa stood and hobbled to the recliner so that she didn't mess up her artwork. A moment later Linc helped Liam down the hall and Wroth followed behind him. I watched them get off the bus, impatiently waiting for us to get on the road again.

Linc finally got back onto the bus. "Liam wants you on the other bus with him, Dallas."

"He shouldn't need me over there," I grumbled. I didn't want to go on the other bus. I didn't want to be that close to Axton. I'd worked hard to not have to go near him for almost a full week. Which also meant that our late night private time hadn't happened. Something I wasn't disappointed about, nor craving more of. I wasn't. I. Wasn't.

"He just said to tell you to get your ass over there. Everyone over there seems to be in a pissy mood anyway." Linc shot Natalie a questioning frown. "You been pissing on everyone this morning?"

She shot him the finger. "Shut up, muscle head. If anyone should be pissed it's me. I had to change my clothes and clean up a big puddle of pee."

There was a honking from the other bus and I muttered a curse as I got to my feet. "Fucking rock stars." I stomped down the stairs and raced onto the second bus since I hadn't grabbed my coat. As soon as I was on board, the driver shut the door and I shot him a glare before stepping through to the living room.

Five rockers and one mini rocker were seated on the two long couches and the two recliners. I put my hands on my hips as I eyed the room. There was nowhere for me to sit, since Liam and his casted leg were taking up a majority of one couch. "Why do I have to ride with you? Your meds aren't due for a few more hours."

Liam shrugged. "I like having you close." When I raised a brow at him he turned his gaze toward Axton who was sitting at the end of the couch with him. "We like having you close."

"Fuck you," I bit out before pushing Zander out of one of the recliners and dropping down onto it. I pulled the latch and propped my feet up while around me the band started warming up.

Wroth and Liam had their guitars while Zander had a portable keyboard in front of him along with his own guitar close by. Devlin had a few percussion instruments around him, but nothing very bulky and I wondered how he was going to get the effect he needed. I didn't have to wonder for long because with his drumsticks in hand he proceeded to make me breathless with the way he could make what little he had in front of him come alive in a way that I'd never experienced before in my lifetime.

I'd never been impressed with drummers before. To me they were just there to keep the rhythm of the rest of the band. Nothing all that hard about that. But watching Devlin, with the passion seeming to flow from him as he rocked out, was almost exhilarating for me. Suddenly, I could see exactly what had caught Natalie's attention, and why she would be so infatuated with this long-haired, beautiful man.

The band worked through three songs, and I tried to keep my eyes from straying toward Axton. Tried to keep my heart from beating my lungs to death as the rich, almost smoky quality of his voice washed over me. Of course it didn't work, no matter how hard I tried. By the end of the first song my panties were wet. Before the second even started I was one big throb of need for a man who wasn't good for my sanity.

When song three was over, my mind was foggy with desire and I was squirming in my seat. My cheeks warmed when I felt his gaze on me, knowing that he knew that he was affecting me so completely. I dared to look in his direction to glare at him, but when my eyes locked with his, I saw the same need burning back at me.

Quickly I looked away. Not good. Not good. When he looked at me like that I got weak. My resolve to keep my distance became nonexistent. It put crazy ideas in my head that would leave me full of regret when the desire-filled fog evaporated.

I need to keep my distance. I need to keep my distance. I. Need. To. Keep. My. Distance.

I wasn't going to be able to keep my distance.

Being backstage at a concert was a first for me. I'd never even been to a real concert before. The madness of backstage gave me a headache and I didn't know how Natalie could keep up with all the shit she had to do, even with Emmie helping her through the Bluetooth set that seemed permanently attached to her ear from the moment the bus stopped.

OtherWorld had exactly half an hour to get dressed in their dressing room before they took the stage. The road crew had arrived well ahead of us and was already setting up the stage since the two opening acts had already performed. I went with Linc who was helping Liam get ready just to make sure he was comfortable.

The dressing room was set up with a small buffet of sandwiches, fruit and veggies. I grabbed a few carrots and celery sticks while Linc helped Liam get dressed. Behind me four other men were stripping down and changing into fresh jeans, new OtherWorld T-shirts, and shit-kicker boots. They didn't seem to mind that I was in the room with them, and I had no qualms about seeing their man parts. I was a nurse and nudity was not a big deal for me...

Liar, a voice in the back of my mind whispered sardonically. You would be so fucked if you saw Axton's man parts right now.

I rolled my eyes at my inner voice and stuffed a strawberry in my mouth, hoping to shut that bitch up before I ended up strangling myself just to keep her quiet.

Natalie entered the room, freezing in place when she realized that the guys were all basically naked, and quickly turned around. Her face was blood red and her eyes were wild. I bit my lip at her reaction. Honestly I hadn't kept up with whether she was a virgin or not, although I was sure Linc would have known that little detail with as much time as those two spent together. Linc and Nat went clubbing often but I had never heard about her going home with a guy, and there had never been any strange men walking around the apartment-unless you counted Linc's one-nighters. But that rarely happened anymore.

Clearing her throat, Natalie finally focused on me. Her hands were trembling slightly as she handed me a backstage pass. I attached it to the bottom of my shirt, making sure that it was secure to give her a few extra seconds to compose herself. When I raised my head I pretended not to notice the change in her. "Where do I need to go? Should I go back to the bus? Or stay here in case Liam needs something?"

"You're going to be backstage with Marissa," Axton called out and I turned to find him doing up his belt. He dropped down onto a chair and started lacing up his boots. "If anyone gives you any shit, let me know. The crew knows that you will be with us. That doesn't mean that venue security won't give you some trouble. The passes will let them know you are with the band, but those guys can be real pricks sometimes."

I shrugged, deciding not to argue because really I didn't have a valid argument ready. I grabbed a few more carrots. I wasn't hungry, just needed something to keep me occupied so that my eyes would stay away from things they had no business being on.

"The crew have already done the sound checks. You guys have five more minutes before you have to take the stage," Natalie informed them as she turned, but kept her eyes on something just below the ceiling. "Emmie said to make sure you all are hydrated. Especially you, Ax."

"Keep me a few bottles of water on the side of the stage. I'll be fine." He moved to the table where a whole case of water bottles were on ice. Picking up three, he handed them to me. "Thanks, babe."

Of course I still had a mouthful of carrot and couldn't tell him to hold onto his own freaking water. I gave him a glare, but didn't put the bottles down, even though I had a sudden daydream of opening the bottles and pouring every cold drop over his head. Seeing my glare, Axton winked, making my panties instantly wet.

Four minutes later I followed the band to the stage, but stayed just past the curtains so that no one could see me but the band if they looked in that direction. Marissa and Harris were already there. Neither of them seemed all that impressed about what was going on around them and I figured it was because this had been part of their lives for so long that it was all second nature to them.

From out in front of the stage the noise level was moderate. People were just now coming back to their seat after going to the bathroom or getting fresh drinks. The curtain was still up so they didn't know that the band had taken the stage yet. The emcee, some local radio big-wig suddenly took the stage in front of the curtain, getting the fans screaming.

I put my fingers in my ears as the noise level became uncomfortable and Harris offered me some ear plugs. With a smile in thanks I put them in just as the drums and Wroth's guitar became almost uncomfortable even with the plugs in. If the fans had been screaming for the emcee, they were roaring now as the curtains were drawn back and Axton greeted everyone.

"Panama City Beach!" he yelled and everyone in the convention center screamed as loudly as they possibly could.

That was all he had to do to get their attention. Three little words. I wondered if the words mattered or if it was just the sound of his voice. For me he could have just been saying random shit: sand monkey cloud. The words weren't important. It was the man behind the words that caught your attention and trapped you until he decided to let you go. The ear plugs I wore didn't lessen his magnetic pull. I doubted that if I were deaf it would lessen the pull.

For the next thirty minutes my eyes were glued to the stage as I watched him perform. He was magnificent, with sweat running down his face and his chest heaving as he enchanted everyone. When the next song was over he left the stage and walked toward me. Dumbly I offered him a bottle of water.

With a wicked grin he took it and swallowed the contents in two thirsty gulps. When I offered him a second bottle he shook his head, but didn't turn back to the stage. "Ax..?"

His name was still hanging on my lips when he grabbed my hips and jerked me against him. My breath escaped me in a rush because I knew what was coming before his lips touched mine and a moan bubbled up at the anticipation of having his hot mouth devouring mine.

The kiss barely lasted a few seconds, but my entire body went up in flames so hot that it was a wonder my shoes didn't melt. I clung to him, suddenly not caring that he made me stupidly weak or that I wasn't the one he was in love with. Fuck love. Lust was just as good. Right?

"I'll be back. Wait for me," he commanded before running back onto the stage.

I just stood there, trying to draw in the lungful of air that he had stolen from me. Along with all my common sense.

Axton

I had never been into the whole drug scene. Sure I might have tried a few things back when the band first got started. I had been a curious idiot. But once had been all I'd wanted. Alcohol wasn't something I favored all that much either. A few beers were all I really wanted, with something harder if the mood struck.

Getting on stage, performing for thousands of fans, hearing them chanting OtherWorld over and over again... That was what got me high. That was my addiction. By the end of the show my blood was rushing and my dick was hard as stone. Okay, so maybe my dick was so hard because of the kiss I'd stolen from Dallas halfway through our set.

When I walked off stage, to the sound of the crowd screaming for one more song even though we had given them three extras already, I felt like a live wire about ready to ignite at any moment. All I wanted was five minutes alone with Dallas. Five minutes was all I needed to get us both off. The first time. Tonight I planned on making her beg for more than one orgasm.

Someone tossed me a towel as we headed toward the dressing room. I wiped the sweat off my face and slung the towel around my neck before accepting a bottle of juice from Natalie. My throat was raw from singing and screaming along with the fans and, like usual, I didn't want to talk too much right away. I needed a cup of hot coffee to soothe my throat and vocal cords before I spoke again.

When we got back to the dressing room, there was a whole pot of coffee waiting on me. Instead of heading for the shower I went straight for the table to pour a mug. After adding four teaspoons of sugar I swallowed half the mug in one gulp. It felt like it scalded the inside of my chest but my throat didn't feel like it was bleeding anymore. A drink of cold water helped soothe any lasting burning.

"Emmie said to have you text her when you get a free minute," Natalie told me as I pulled my sweat-soaked shirt over my head.

I glanced down at the watch attached to the leather bracelet I'd started wearing back in December. It had been a gift for Christmas from Emmie and I rarely took it off these days. Seeing that it wasn't as late as I had assumed, I sighed. "I'll take care of it as soon as I get out of the shower."

"No rush," Natalie assured me. "I don't think it was work related. She would have said something if it was."

Devlin came out of the shower with a towel wrapped around his waist, his long, dark hair dripping everywhere. "Marissa and Harris back at the bus?"

"Along with Wroth and Dallas," Natalie assured him with a new hardness to her tone that had my head snapping around to frown at her. The way she was glowering at Devlin made me grin as I headed into the shower.

"Good. I'll get dressed and head back to the bus so that Rissa can go clubbing with everyone else. I don't feel like it tonight."

"Are you sick?"

"Just tired, Nat."

"If you say so." She headed for the door. "I'll see if she wants to go. The limo is waiting out front whenever the rest of you are ready."

Before I stepped into the shower stall I stuck my head back into the dressing room. "Make sure Dallas is coming."

"She's coming. Trust me. Dallas is looking forward to a few drinks and some dancing." Natalie narrowed her eyes on me. "Don't fuck with her tonight, Axton. I have no problem kicking your ass if you mess with her."

"Maybe she wants him to fuck with her," Liam spoke up as he hobbled from the showers with Zander's help. "Leave it up to Dallas to decide. It's no one's business but hers."

With a killer glare at Liam, Natalie opened the door and slammed it behind her. I grimaced before shooting Liam a nod in thanks. Since the accident Liam and I had become closer. It was the nights I'd spent just talking to him until he fell asleep in the hospital, then sticking around until morning just so I could see Dallas. We had bonded more in those few weeks than we had in the fifteen years we had been bandmates.

During those nights we had found ourselves confessing things that neither one of us would have done under ordinary circumstances. We'd talked about both our relationships with Gabriella and I'd assured him that I'd never been in love with her. When we had run out of things to say about the feisty Italian rocker, things had gotten more serious and headed toward Dallas. Liam was loyal to her, because she had been the only one to help him through a time when he had desperately needed a friend. I'd felt so ashamed that I hadn't been there for him, but Liam had told me he understood and there were no hard feelings.

It was Dallas who had brought us closer during those long nights when Liam couldn't find a comfortable position to fall asleep. He'd started turning down the sleeping pills as soon as he could, and demanded pain medication that was less powerful. He was taking his addiction recovery very seriously this time around and I was beyond proud of him. We would talk until Liam would fall into an exhausted sleep and I would watch over my friend, staying there not just because of my need to see Dallas, but in case he happened to wake up and needed to talk again.

Liam seemed to be making it his goal to help me get Dallas back, and I was thankful to have at least one of her friends on my side. "Thanks, man."

"I expect to be the best man," Liam said and grinned as he pulled a clean shirt on over his head. "You know, if you ever get that far."

Liam went back to the bus, but Wroth, Marissa and Dallas along with Linc were already waiting in the limo when I climbed in with Zander thirty minutes later. "Where's Nat?" Zander asked as he shut the door behind him.

"She said she had a headache," Dallas informed him. "Try not to be to broken-hearted."

"Fucking Dev!" Zander growled under his breath before pulling his cellphone out and punching something in with angry jabs.

I stretched behind me and rapped my knuckles on the partition that separated us from the driver, letting him know we were ready to go. Moments later we pulled into traffic headed for Club La Vela. Every time we were in Panama City we went to Club La Vela. Each time was a different experience with all the different theme rooms and bars. And as long as we stuck to the shadows we could be anonymous for as long as we wanted it.

As the limo moved along I let my eyes drift to the blonde bombshell seated across from me. Dallas was dressed to kill in a skirt that was a mere millimeter from showing the world the ass that I worshiped. The top she had on was a baby blue that matched her eyes and the stiletto heels she was wearing were a pair of my favorites from when we had first gotten together a few years ago. I'd bought her those heels on the spur of the moment when I'd seen her glance at them while we had walked down Fifth Avenue. She hadn't looked long, but I'd seen the look in her eyes before she had glanced away.

That night, after she had worn the heels out to some club I couldn't even remember the name of, she had kept those fucking amazing shoes on while I had made love to her on my bed.

Seeing my gaze was lingering on her shoes, Dallas lifted one foot, making the anklet she had on sparkle in the dim lighting of the limo. "You like?" I nodded dumbly because my mouth was suddenly as dry as a desert. "Some rock god bought them for me. I probably should have tossed them out, but I couldn't for some reason. They're far too beautiful to throw away."

"The rock god has great taste," I growled catching hold of her ankle and pulling it onto my lap so I could inspect the anklet she had on. "Where did you get this?" I demanded, my tone sounding harsher than expected. It looked expensive and the little charm that I recognized as being the same as the tattoo on the back of Dallas's neck was telling me that it was a personal, almost intimate gift.

"Some hottie gave it to me for Christmas." When my eyes narrowed on her she laughed. "It was Harper."

I relaxed and started rubbing little circles around the anklet. "It looks good on you."

I felt her shiver and noticed the goose-flesh popping up along her legs as I skimmed my hands over her calf. A moment later she pulled her foot away and shifted in her seat.

"You can cut the sexual tension with a knife in here." Zander put his phone away. "Think I will hit the hard stuff and find a few chicks to take my mind off of shit." The limo pulled up in front of the club and he jumped out before the driver could open the door for us. "Later, fuckers."

Wroth got out next and helped Marissa and then Dallas out before moving toward the VIP entrance. This side of the club was nearly deserted except for the hulking bouncer standing with a clipboard and a headset in his ear. After Linc had climbed out I finally moved and shut the door behind me. The humid Florida air filled my lungs but did nothing to help alleviate my painful condition. Dallas had made me hard as titanium and there was no way I would be dancing tonight without hurting myself.

The bouncer said something to Wroth, but his eyes were glued to Dallas. His eyes, which looked beady in his huge-ass head, raked her from top to bottom, stopping on all the good parts in between that I was going to touch at every opportunity tonight and every other night thereafter.

"Hey dickhead," Dallas glared at the bouncer that easily outweighed her by two hundred pounds as if he were some insect she could crush beneath her killer heels, "my eyes are up here. You want to keep yours in your head, I suggest you keep them on something that doesn't have another man's name tattooed on it."

In the dim lighting I watched as the bouncer's face turned stony, the only sign of his embarrassment was his ears turning blood red. He averted his eyes and opened the VIP door. Marissa was smothering a giggle as Wroth pushed her in ahead of him. Linc followed behind them, but grabbed ahold of Dallas's elbow and pulled her along behind him, muttering something under his breath that made Dallas grumble back in a whiny tone. As I followed I shot the bouncer a cold glare.

The others were already heading for the bar when I caught up with them. I waved the bartender over and told him to start a tab under one of the fake names I alternated between, then handed over my credit card that had the same name on it. The skinny guy with long blond and blue hair swiped the card once and gave it back to me. "What will it be?"

I nodded toward the VIP room. "Keep the beers flowing, and the bottled water. For now, whatever the lady wants."

Dallas turned from chatting with Marissa at that. She raised a brow at me but gave the bartender her order of rum punch. The skinny bartender's eyes lingered on her top as she spoke to him and the growl that escaped me must have been menacing because he jerked his eyes away and started tossing the drink together.

"Please tell me you will be okay if I go find some fun," Linc said beside Dallas. "This place is swarming with my kind of a good night."

"She will be fine," I rushed to assure the muscle head. "And anything you want to drink just tell the bartender. The tab is under Henry McGill. Don't forget that we leave for the next show at six."

I could see the conflicting emotions cross Linc's face. He wanted to go and find a hookup, but he didn't want to leave Dallas alone with me. My word wasn't going to be enough for him, which should have pissed me off, but didn't. He was just looking out for his friend and I respected that.

Dallas wrapped her arms around his waist and kissed his cheek. "I'm good. You know I can take care of myself. Just be careful, okay? Make sure you get a birth certificate and use protection."

With a sigh Linc pressed a kiss to her temple and grabbed one of the bottles of beer the bartender had placed on the bar top. "Text me if you need me."

"I won't need you. Love you," she called when he disappeared into the crowd. He winked at her over his shoulder before he was completely out of sight.

Marissa, with a glass of white wine in hand, turned to grab Dallas's arm. "Will you dance with me? I love this song."

Picking up her own drink, Dallas took two big gulps before pushing it into my hands. "We'll find you two later. My girl and I are gonna dance."

My lips twitched, trying to hold onto a grin. She was so fucking beautiful, but right now she was adorable. "Wait." She raised a brow at me again and my body responded accordingly with how much I liked when she did that. "Kiss me."

Just before her blue eyes narrowed on me I saw the heat and need. As if taking my command as a challenge, she stepped closer. My body caught fire as her perfume filled my nose. My gaze zeroed in on her lips, craving her taste with an almost desperate need. As if in slow motion, she moved closer. In her heels she was as tall as I was and I couldn't wait to find a dark corner to mold every inch of her against me.

Closer and closer her lips got until her breath caressed my mouth. I tried to hold in my groan but didn't quite succeed when I caught the hint of rum and pineapple juice on her hot breath. Her lips tilted up in satisfaction when she heard the groan. "Ax..." she breathed my name, making my body throb. Her voice plus my name equaled a raging hard-on.

Then her lips brushed over my cheek, and not my lips. With a wicked grin she stepped back. "Later," she called over her shoulder as she grabbed Marissa's now-free hands and pulled her toward the crowded dance floor.

I stood there, sucking in deep breaths as I attempted to gain control of the inferno that was now my entire aching body. Beside me, Wroth chuckled in his scary as shit tone, his hands full of his beer and Marissa's glass of wine. "Damn, she's a fucking tease. Nearly got me hot watching her just now."

I shot him a freezing glare and took a long swallow of Dallas's punch. "Fuck you."

Wroth threw his head back and laughed out loud, something that rarely happened. Some of my tension eased at the sound of it and I took another drink of the rum punch. It was girly as hell but it was delicious and soothed any remaining ache in my throat. Rolling my eyes, I swallowed the rest of the drink, ordered another one for Dallas to have when she was through dancing, and let Wroth lead us toward the VIP room.

While we waited on the girls to get back I finally pulled my phone out of the front pocket of my jeans and pulled up Emmie's name in my text history. Not surprising the last text that we had shared had been early that morning. I talked to her more than anyone else in the world, and half the time she was the length of the country away.

Me: Nat said 2 text u. Y couldn't u just text me and wait until I got back 2 u?<br/>

Instead of moving toward the dance floor right away, Axton tugged on my hand, urging me toward the bar. He ordered two shots of tequila. As soon as the drink was in front of me I downed it without waiting on him. My heart was pounding to the fast beat of the music and I suddenly knew how the night was going to end. Fuck. I had known as soon as Axton had kissed me halfway through the concert earlier.

And I wanted it. Damn, did I ever want it! I wanted Axton so bad. Which was making my heart, my brain, and the rest of my body have a triple threat death match for supremacy over this situation. My heart and my body were nearly in accordance but for different reasons, while my brain was raging at them both to be smart. With each drink I took, my brain grew more and more sure that my heart and body were right after all. Maybe Axton Cage was good for me after all.

Of course I was sure that my brain would be screaming at me that I was a world class idiot come morning, but right now my heart and body were leading the show.

Instead of downing his shot right away, Axton picked up his lime wedge and turned to face me. Carefully, as if he were afraid to spook me, he lifted the wedge to my lips, placing the rind in my mouth. With the salt shaker in hand he lowered his head and licked the sensitive spot under my ear. A soft mewling sound left me, and I knew he couldn't hear it, but from his reaction I was sure that he had felt it vibrating in my throat. I felt his lips lift in a smile as he lifted his head and sprinkled salt on my damp neck.

With his left eyebrow arched he mouthed the question, "Ready?" I swallowed around the rind in my mouth and nodded.

Axton's hands landed on my hips, pulling me close and locking me into place. Slowly he lowered his head, his nose nuzzling against my ear before I felt his wet, hot tongue on my neck licking away the salt. My hands went to his arms, my nails biting into his biceps through his T-shirt as he lingered, sucking off any remaining salt.

Then he was reaching for the shot, downing the expensive tequila. He didn't even flinch. And then he was moving in fast, taking the lime into his own mouth, sucking the lime and spitting it out before diving in to suck any remaining juice from my lips. My nails dug deeper into his arms as my panties became drenched with every tug from the suction of his lips. My thighs started to tremble and I knew then that wearing a skirt this small was a mistake. If I got any wetter the entire club would know how affected I was as my need started dripping down my bare thighs.

With one last swipe of his tongue over my bottom lip, Axton pulled back. He dropped a kiss onto the tip of my nose, which completely threw me for a minute but didn't stop my heart from melting. With a tilt of his head toward the dance floor I nodded dumbly and let him lead me into the mass of couples.

The last song was just ending as he put his hands on my hips again, pulling me closer. This close, his body was easily broadcasting how turned on he was. His dick pulsed against my stomach through his jeans. As dark as it was in this room I could have lifted my hands and touched him through the material of his jeans, but if I did that then we would end up leaving before I was ready.

As the first cords of Tiesto's remix of Zedd's "Clarity" featuring Foxes filled the air, I wrapped my arms around Axton's neck and rested my head on his chest. The words of the song washed over me and I couldn't help but smile a little sadly at how they seemed to fit how I was feeling about the man who was now wrapped around me.

I only let the words invade my mind for a few moments before I blocked it out and let the beat of the music take over. Lifting my head from his chest I brushed my lips over his in a barely there kiss before pushing away and dancing. Shooting him a mischievous grin I wasn't sure if he saw or not, I danced away, making him chase me.

Axton kept up with ease. I knew from experience since we had gone clubbing more than a few times during our relationship, that he was an amazing dancer. It had surprised me the first time I had pulled him onto a dance floor and he had easily kept up with me. A rocker he might be, but he had some mad skills.

By the end of the third song I felt breathless and skipped to the bar to get a glass of water before asking for a Jell-O shot. After I swallowed half the water I lifted the grape Jell-O that was in a syringe-like container. It was bigger than most Jell-O shots but I was determined to shoot it in one go. I felt Axton's hand on the small of my back and turned to face him, wanting him as tortured as humanly possible.

Tossing my head back, I put the syringe in my mouth and pushed it all into my mouth before tossing the container away. With my mouth full of Jell-O and Vodka I pressed my lips to his, pushing some of the treat into his mouth. His fingers were bruising as he held my hips against him, sucking all of the shot from my mouth.

Holy fuck. What had I just done?

I was gasping for air when he raised his head, swallowing the last of the shot I had just given him. I didn't have long to draw in a good breath before he was devouring my mouth again. His big hands released their grip on my hips to rub over the globes of my ass, drawing me even closer. When fingers of one hand slipped under my skirt and skimmed along the seam of my ass, tracing over my thong, my knees nearly buckled.

Axton broke away and buried his face in my neck. He was panting just as hard as I was, his erection trying to push its way free from the confines of his jeans. "I need you so fucking bad, baby. Tell me I can have you. Please, Dallas. I'm begging."

I couldn't form words. My tongue was still tangled up in knots from our last kiss. All I could give as way of answer was a simple nod. That small affirmation was all he needed. With a hand that shook, he linked our fingers and pulled me toward the exit.

Out in the hall the noise level was so much quieter and I realized that the theme room had been sound-proofed. I blinked a few times until my eyes were better adjusted to the brightness of the lights compared to the darkness we had just been in. Only a few people were in the corridor, going from one theme room to the next. Axton backed me against the wall, his lips already on my neck.

"I-I can't wait," I told him, arching my hips against him to find some measure of relief to the need that was burning through me. "Please, don't make me wait until we get back."

His head snapped up. "Here?" I nodded, my eyes begging him to take care of me. Soon.

I saw the wheels turning in his head for nearly a minute before he nodded. His hazel eyes were wild, more green than brown with his need for me. With a curse he led me down the corridor. I saw a sign for the restrooms, but knew that it would be too crowded in there. I'd never had sex in a bathroom before, though, so I wasn't against it, but unlike Harper and Shane, I wasn't a fan of public sex.

I saw the hallway that led to the VIP room and remembered the little closet that I had seen when Marissa and I had been looking for the guys. As we neared it I opened the door and jerked Axton in behind me. It was a janitor's office, with cleaning supplies and a small desk in one corner. I locked the door and then pushed Axton toward the desk.

"This isn't how I planned tonight," he said, almost to himself.

"Are you complainin'?" I asked, already working my thong down my thighs, not surprised that they were so wet that a few drops dripped onto the floor. That was how it had always been with Axton. He hadn't even fucked me yet and I was dripping my juices everywhere.

"Fuck no," he growled, watching me closely as I worked my tiny underwear over my heels. They were my favorite, and not just because he had bought them for me. No, it definitely wasn't because he had given them to me. "I just wanted to be able to take my time with you, baby. And now I'm so hot I know I won't last two minutes inside of you."

"Well, that's the good thing about me." I reached for the top button of his jeans. "I'm all about round two. And three. And with you... Maybe even a round four." With his jeans undone I reached inside and pushed them down along with his boxers. When his long, throbbing cock sprang free, my breath caught in my throat as my eyes landed on the tip.

Everything inside of me froze. When the fuck had he gotten that piercing? It hadn't been there in October when we had hooked up during Harper's wedding weekend. The Prince Albert gleamed in the florescent lighting of the janitor's office, almost mocking me as I lifted a finger to trace over the hoop through the tip of his dick.

"When..?"

"After that weekend," he told me, his body trembling as I tugged on the hoop ever so slightly. "When I got back to New York and you refused to talk to me. I wanted something to remember our last time together, so I figured getting your dick pierced was the smartest option."

My eyes shot up from ten inches of enormous cock, with its glinting ring, to his eyes. "My dick?" The question came out almost a whisper.

"It's yours now, Dallas. It doesn't respond to anyone but you, so it might as well belong to you." He cupped his hands around my fingers, stroking our hands down his shaft. "There hasn't been anyone since October. No one."

My brain decided to wake up from its alcohol haze and tried to scream at me that he was full of shit, but I actually believed him. And that made me want him even more than I already did. "Condom. Now." I wasn't going to last another second. I needed him inside of me then and there, or I was going to melt into a puddle of need.

Axton lifted me onto the desk, spreading my thighs wide with his legs while his shaking hands pulled a condom out of his wallet. When he tried to open it he nearly dropped it, and I couldn't help but smile at the sight of my rock god so turned on that he wasn't able to even sheath himself in protection. I took the wrapper from him and tore it open with my teeth. Carefully I rolled it over his tip, making sure that his PA didn't rip the condom as I pushed it down his length.

I lifted my feet onto the edge of the desk and spread my legs wider. With one hand holding onto his shoulder, I dipped my other hand into my dripping pussy, coating my fingers with my arousal before spreading it over his condom-covered cock. His groan of pleasure seemed torn out of him and I guided his tip to my entrance.

My eyes remained on his as he pushed deep inside of me. Those hazel eyes nearly rolled back into his head and he paused, leaning his forehead against mine as we tried to control our need. "I can't offer you anything but fast and hard right now, baby."

"Don't care," I gasped out, my walls already clenching around him, begging for more. "Fast is what I want."

He pulled back, his hands on my ass as he nearly pulled all the way out. Then he was balls deep again, his piercing rubbing over something that made me whimper in pure pleasure. Strong fingers bit into my ass but the pain was nothing compared to the pleasure that was exploding inside of me as he thrust harder and faster until he was jackhammering into me.

"Ax!" I cried, as my orgasm consumed me. I felt my release flood my entrance, dripping down my thighs in a rush.

"No," Axton shouted. "No, not yet. I want more."

"So take it," I urged him. "Take all that you want, Ax."

It spurred him on, his hips going deeper, harder until it was almost painful the way he was bouncing off my walls. The little sting of pain only pushed me toward another release and my long legs wrapped around his lean waist, holding him against me in a vice-like grip as he pounded into my pussy.

I felt his body starting to clench, knew that he was going to empty inside of me in a matter of seconds. With a strangled cry I touched my clit, wanting to go with him this time. Two strokes over the wet nub and my inner walls clenched around him, triggering his own release.

There was no way of telling how long we stayed like that afterwards. We were both struggling to breathe as sweat dripped off of us. I was still dripping wet, now from two orgasms. His face was buried in my neck, brushing soft kisses over the sensitive spot just under my left ear. The sound of his breathing was both calming and arousing all over again. My arms were wrapped around his neck, my fingers combing through his inky black hair in a way that soothed us both.

It felt like we had been there for hours before my heart rate started to return to normal, but I didn't want to move. I wanted to stay there with him holding me like that for the rest of my life. As long as this perfectly sated feeling lasted. As long as I could pretend that he actually cared about me as much as I cared for him, because in that moment that was exactly how it felt.

Dallas

My phone was ringing. With a groan I lifted my head and then fell back against my pillows as soon as my forehead connected with the bed above my roost. "Motherfucker!" I cried as I rubbed the knot already swelling on my head like a demon's horn.

From under my pillow my phone continued to ring. I would have ignored it if it had been any other ring tone, but not that one. Still rubbing at my tender scalp I swiped my finger over the screen of the iPhone and put it to my ear. "Harp, I miss you."

"I miss you more," Harper rushed to assure me. I hadn't talked to her in a few days, and it never failed to make me sad to hear her voice. For so many years she had been just down the hall from my room. I could have seen her any time of the day if I wanted to. Now I knew that I had taken that for granted and I missed that bitch with every fiber of my being.

"I just talked to Linc," Harper went on to inform me, not bothering to draw out her reasons for calling.

At the mention of Linc, I lifted my phone from my ear long enough to glance at the time. Just after three in the afternoon. I noticed that the bus was no longer moving and figured we had reached our destination. Orlando. The good news about being in Orlando was that we would be staying for two nights, which meant that we would have hotel rooms for the duration. Which meant a hot shower. Which meant room service. And a real, honest-to-God bed.

The silence on the bus told me that everyone else was off the bus and probably already checked into the hotel. Probably settling in and eating a meal that hadn't been nuked in the microwave. Ugh, less than two days on the road and I was already missing home-cooked meals and actual plumbing. Or maybe it was just me being a crabby bitch because I hadn't gotten much sleep the night before. Or really, this morning.

I bit into my bottom lip as I remembered the night before. Of having sex with Axton in a janitor's closet/office. The feeling of completeness that had hummed through me as we had just held onto each other afterwards. Then both of our cells had started going off like angry bees. Axton's call had been from Wroth who had been ready to head back to the buses. Mine had been from Natalie, letting me know that Liam was in some serious pain after hobbling around stage for several hours. By the time we met Wroth and Marissa out front, Linc had been with them along with Zander.

There was no hiding the obvious evidence of what Axton and I had been up to. My hair had been a total mess, my clothes still kind of haphazardly hanging off of me. The fact that Axton had his arm around me had been the nail in the coffin and Linc had not been happy with me. My friend was only worried about me, so I hadn't taken his whispered bitch-out on the way back to our bus personally. He was just looking out for me, after all.

But I hadn't wanted to hear it. Sure I knew that I had crossed the one line I had promised myself I wouldn't cross. Ever. Like never, ever. Ever times infinity, ever. But hey, I broke promises to myself all the time, and part of me had known as soon as Emmie had conned me into taking on the job as Liam's private nurse during the tour that I would probably break all kinds of promises. To myself. To my friends.

Which was why Harper was now calling me. I'd made the same promise to her that I had made to myself. That I wouldn't fall under Axton Cage's spell. Like Linc, I knew that Harper was only looking out for me. But right then and there, I wasn't in the mood to be given the third degree about messing up my life all over again over some rock god. And it wasn't like I was going to make the same mistakes I'd made last time around.

This time, I wasn't going to let my heart be a part of the equation. This time, it was only about sex. End of story. Which was why I hadn't let Axton onto the bus with me. No sleeping together. Sex, sure. Cuddling under the covers after? That was one of the places I'd gone wrong the last time.

Blowing out a sigh, I dropped my fingers from the tender spot on my forehead and glared up at the mattress above me. "Please don't, Harp. I've had a long night. Liam didn't sleep well, and I had to give him a shot and some pain medication. Natalie has to figure out a way to make him comfortable on stage because if he keeps it up he might have to see the orthopedic specialist a hell of a lot sooner than expected."

There was a long pause on Harper's end before she finally spoke. "Okay, I won't go there. You're an adult and know what you're doing. But that doesn't mean I'm not worried, Dallas. I don't want you to get hurt again. I'm still not convinced that you are completely over the last time that fucker destroyed you. You were just able to hide it better because you were so busy with school."

I clenched my jaw, knowing that she wasn't completely wrong on that score. "I know you're worried. I love ya, girl."

"I-I love you, too," came her wobbly reply. "And if he does hurt you again, I'm going to make Shane kick his ass."

That brought a smile to my lips. "Okay, hottie, take it easy. No need to drag your husband into this drama."

"He's already been dragged, feet first. He's the one I called first after I got off the phone with Linc. I've already told him that if he didn't kick Axton's ass I would suddenly not be in the mood for any new adventures in Shane-land for a very long time..." I laughed because I could just imagine the panic that must have put the ex-slut into. "By the way, if you can't reach me in the next few days don't worry. Pretty sure Shane took that as a challenge and plans on keeping me in the mood for the foreseeable future."

"Duly noted," I said and grinned, but it quickly turned into a sad smile. "I have to go, Harp. Call me when man-slut releases you from captivity. Love you."

"Love you, Dallas."

With a groan I slid out of my roost and climbed off the bus. Across from my bus Axton's bus was parked, both engines turned off so it was obvious we had been here for a while. I shot Natalie a quick text because I had no idea where everyone was, or even where I was for that matter.

Ten minutes later I had my room key in hand along with the assurance that my stuff had already been taken there. Fighting back a yawn, I stepped off the elevator and found my way to my room. My body was aching, and now my head was hurting. When I opened the door to my room the first thing I heard was a shower running.

The room was a suite, with two bedrooms, something I hadn't been expecting. Natalie hadn't mentioned I was sharing with anyone, but with everything else that she had to take care of something as small as whom I was bunking with didn't seem so trivial. Shrugging, I glanced in the first room, saw my luggage on the bed and breathed a sigh of relief.

Over the next thirty minutes I found my bottle of Tylenol, tossed back three of the extra strength capsules, then stepped into a hot shower. I took my time, washing my hair twice because it felt like it seriously needed it after last night. By the time I stepped out of the shower I felt more energetic and ready to face whatever the world threw at me tonight.

With a towel wrapped around my body and another around my hair, I found my toothbrush and started brushing my teeth as I left my room. "Hey, Marissa. How is Liam feeling this eve-..." I broke off when I saw who was sitting on the sofa in front of the flat screen watching ESPN. "...-ing."

Axton was sitting there with his legs stretched out in front of him, ink-black hair still damp from his shower, wearing nothing but a pair of boxers and a sly-ass grin. My eyes narrowed on him even as my body was waking up in ways that the shower had been helpless to aid in. "You're dripping toothpaste down your chin," he informed me before turning his gaze back to the television.

I wiped my chin with the back of my hand. "I thought I was bunking with Marissa."

Axton snorted. "Wroth is like a mother bear where Rissa is concerned. He might like you, baby, but he doesn't trust anyone with Rissa. Not even Liam. They have a suite down the hall. Which leaves Linc and Liam to bunk, Devlin and Harris..." He rolled his eyes. "And of course the real kicker and the reason why two best friends are now at each other's throats, Natalie and Z."

I frowned. "I could have shared a room with Nat and you could have bunked with Zander. Or they could have gotten single rooms."

"That was what Devlin said. But the hotel is booked solid. Not even Em could get it sorted." He shrugged. "And there is no fucking way you are sleeping anywhere but here. I'll concede to you wanting to sleep on two different buses because I won't be able to keep my hands to myself, and neither bus is exactly equipped to give us privacy. Which I plan on fixing before the fall tour." He stood and walked toward me slowly, making me completely forget that I had a mouth full of toothpaste. "But staying in a hotel means that you are in my room, in my bed, all night long. Okay?"

I should have argued. Told him that I didn't want to sleep in the same bed with him. Sleeping with him would make things-feelings-break through the walls I was trying to keep erect. But stupidly I didn't. My lips remained closed as he stopped just inches away from me and gripped my hips in his big hands. Mutely I watched as his head lowered and he nuzzled the sensitive spot under my ear. "Go finish brushing your teeth, baby. I'll order us some dinner and we can relax a little before we have to head over to the show."

I leaned into him for a moment, savoring his clean male scent filling my nose, the feel of his bare chest against my towel-clad one, his arms just holding me. I was so damned stupid, but I didn't want to give this up. Not yet. Would I ever be willing to give it up? I sure as hell hadn't been last time, but had broken it off with him as a form of self-preservation. This time, I was scared that not even that would help me let him go.

By the time I got back from rinsing my mouth out, Axton was back on the sofa. Thankfully ESPN was no longer on. Unfortunately it was CNN. I glared at the screen as I sat down next to him and reached for the remote. "Nope. I'm not doing depressing news. Let's order a movie."

Axton sighed, like it was a big imposition, but relinquished his hold on the remote while I found the new releases and scanned down the list. He draped his arm around the back of the sofa casually before finally wrapping it around my shoulders and pulling me closer against his side. Without looking up from my movie hunt, I laid my head on his shoulder. My hair was still damp, but I had brushed it out so it didn't look scary with all the tangles. I'd also thrown on a T-shirt and a pair of boy shorts so that I wouldn't be in nothing but a towel when room service arrived.

"You smell good," he murmured as he buried his face in my hair. "I love how good you smell without ever touching a bottle of perfume."

I could only ignore the way he was touching me for so long. His lips skimming over my ear, his fingers caressing up and down my arm. Both made me shiver and goose-flesh to pop up everywhere on my body. I picked a movie at random and hit accept before tossing the remote aside and lifting my head.

"What's wrong?" Axton started to ask but my lips cut him off. Fuck the move, and fuck the food. All I wanted right then was my sexy rock god.

He lifted me as if I weighed nothing at all and positioned me so that I was straddling his hips. We both groaned at the feel of his dick as it fit so perfectly against my mound. "Fuck, baby. I was gonna wait, but if you want me now, then take all that you want."

"Plan on it." I left his lips to nibble a path down his inked neck, sinking my teeth into the dagger just above his jugular and sucking. Hard. His entire body stiffened and I felt his dick twitching between our bodies as he fought for control.

"You smell good too, babe," I breathed at his ear, releasing his flesh reluctantly. "But you taste better."

"Dallas... Baby..." His head fell back against the sofa, his eyes lowered to half-mast as he watched me explore the rest of his body with my hands. When I got to the piercing in his nipple I tugged on it playfully. "Evil bitch," he chuckled.

"You like it," I said with a wink as I lowered my head to take the little hoop into my mouth and sucked. My hands continued to explore while I rolled the ring around in my mouth, making him groan repeatedly at my sensual assault. When his dick twitched again I pushed my lower body against it harder, rubbing his impressive length against my aching clit.

Strong hands thrust into my hair and jerked my head back roughly. "You. Are. Killing. Me," he growled. "I need inside of you. Now."

I pouted out my bottom lip, despite how much wetter his words made me. "But I just started."

"Try again later. I can't make any promises; I can't control myself when you are touching me." He pulled my head down and captured my lips in a hard, possessive kiss. His tongue thrusting deep, tasting all of me.

I wanted to kiss him back, but the hands in my hair didn't allow for much movement. Since his hands were occupied I reached between us and pulled his boxers down enough to let his cock free. Running my fingers over the silver hoop that I had found the night before, my thighs started to quiver in remembered pleasure. The way that piercing had rubbed something inside of me the night before. There was nothing like it. It had hit just the right spot making me thank whoever had invented such a piercing.

Releasing his flesh, I started tugging on my boy shorts, just as desperate to have him inside of me as he was to be there. What I was about to do was crazy, but right then and there I didn't care. We had never not used a condom before, but I wanted to feel all of him. Wanted to experience all of his hot, hard, silkiness along with that silver ring inside of me. Just for a minute, I silently promised myself. Just for a minute I would get to know what it felt like to have all of him, completely bare.

When my underwear was down as far as I could get it in this position, I guided his cock toward my entrance. Axton went completely still, releasing my mouth as he watched me. His chest was rising and falling rapidly. "Dallas?"

"Just for a little while. We've never done this before. I want..." I swallowed hard, suddenly nervous because I didn't know how he would react to what I wanted. "I need to have you like this. Just this one time."

He didn't even hesitate as he reached for my underwear and tore the sides apart so that they were no longer a hindrance to our joining. Then he sat back, watching me with hooded eyes as I took the tip of him inside. We both made whimpering sounds as his length finally slipped inside. I knew then that I had made a mistake. Why would I ever want him to use a condom again? Why would I want that thin layer between us, keeping me away from the sheer perfection of heaven? I had thought it would never get better between us, but with the absence of protection, my pleasure shot off the charts.

Hey, bitch! A voice yelled at me inside my head, but she sounded so far away. You need the condom. Do you really want a baby with this guy?

I ignored that stupid voice-she was such a downer anyway. Even if images of carrying Axton's baby inside of me did suddenly invade my imagination for a second.

And then Axton kissed me in a way he had never kissed me before, knocking any unwanted-or suddenly desperately wanting-thoughts out of my mind. Of all the kisses Axton had ever given me, from the intensely passionate to the sweet pecks, none of them compared to the tender kiss he gave me then. My heart melted and I wrapped my arms around his neck as I kissed him back in the same way. I put every ounce of what I felt for him into that kiss, sucking his pierced bottom lip roughly, while our bodies slowly moved together.

Suddenly Axton broke away, panting hard, while lower he went completely still inside of me. "I'm going to come. Very soon. Decide what you want. Should I pull out or..." He broke off, swallowing roughly. "I'd fucking kill to come in you like this, but it's your choice." I opened my mouth, not sure what I was going to tell him, but he spoke again. "I've never gone bare, baby. I haven't done this with anyone. Anyone. Do you understand what I'm saying, Dallas?" His eyes were intense and I was mesmerized by the uniqueness of them. Hazel eyes more green than brown with flecks of gold around the center. How had I never noticed those flecks before? "We get to share this first. That blows my mind, baby."

That stupid voice was suddenly screaming at me louder than before, but I blocked her out as I nodded my head. "Come in me, Axton."

"Fuck, Dallas." He gripped my hips, holding them as gently as he possibly could considering he was close to the edge of release. He held me still as he thrust up into me. I was thankful that he was doing all the work, because the pleasure of having him like this was making me mindless. I held onto his shoulders to steady myself, taking every hard thrust and silently begging for more.

Axton's eyes closed for a moment, savoring this moment. When they snapped open our gazes locked and held as he thrust faster. I could feel my orgasm building, I wasn't going to last much longer. I was so close, so close...

He stopped. Just completely stopped. I felt how hard he was deep inside of me, that ring pressed against just the right spot, his shaft spreading my tender walls wide. I could feel every inch with each heart beat we seemed to share. Axton moved his thumb, brushed it over my clit in a hard figure eight and I was lost.

My cry of release felt like it was being torn from my throat. I couldn't remember a time when an orgasm had ever been this good. Ever.

Our gazes remained glued to one another. The way he was watching me, seeing the pleasure and emotions moving across my face, shining out of my eyes made me feel oddly vulnerable, but made the orgasm even more intense. When three words sprang to my lips, demanding to be let free, I bit my bottom lip so hard I tasted blood to keep them inside. But they refused to be quiet and screamed loudly inside of my head.

I love you. I love you. I love you.

As if watching me triggered his own release Axton suddenly shouted my name and I felt him pulsing seconds before the first splash of his semen hit my womb. It was then that I closed my eyes, savoring the feeling of that hot blast inside of me.

Axton pulled me against him, my head going straight to his chest. The sound of his heart beat pounding in my ear made me smile and I snuggled closer, praying that this lasted a little longer.

Dallas

The feel of warm lips on my bare shoulder tempted me from a deep sleep. With a content smile, I stretched out, enjoying Axton's hands caressing down my side and over my hip. His lips trailed up my neck, sharp teeth sinking tenderly into my lobe before he kissed my temple.

"Time to get up, baby," he purred against my ear seconds before his hand slapped across my ass.

"It's not time to get ready for the show tonight," I argued, refusing to open my eyes unless he was going to fuck me into oblivion as he had when we had gotten back from the show in the early hours of the morning.

"True." Another kiss to my head. "But I have a surprise for you. So get your beautiful ass in the shower. Marissa will be waiting downstairs in about fifteen minutes."

My eyes snapped open, the delicious image of him surprising me with something sex-related fading into a puff of smoke. No way would he involve Marissa in a sexual surprise for me. I was pretty sure that Wroth would murder him before any thoughts in that regard took fruition. "What kind of surprise is it?"

Axton brushed his lips across mine in a quick kiss. "I thought you needed a day of nothing but relaxation. So I arranged for you to have a massage and facial. You can get your hair done, have them do whatever the fuck it is they do to your nails, and just be pampered. Wroth stole my idea, so Marissa is getting the full works too." Another kiss cut off any idea I might have had of protesting. I was supposed to be taking care of Liam after all, not spending my day at a spa.

Even if the very thought of having a day like that melted me. He was being so thoughtful and considerate. He hadn't pampered me like this during our months of whatever our relationship had been years ago. And he sure as hell hadn't made love to me the way we had made love the day before or that morning when we had gotten back to our suite. I was falling under a spell, there was no other excuse for how stupid I was being where he was concerned. I had to put some distance between us and quick, so maybe a day at the spa would be good for me in more ways than one.

Twenty minutes later Axton gave me one last kiss and helped me into the back of a carriage pulled by a man with a ponytail and a hoop through his nose on a bike. When I sat back, Wroth lifted Marissa up by her waist and set her next to me.

I tried not to bite my lip at how cute that was. Marissa wasn't a little girl, being at least a size fourteen and very curvy. But the little extra weight looked really good on her. I'd seen one picture of her when she was a teenager, having just fought hard against her cancer. She had looked like skin stretched tight over a skeleton. Since then her thyroid had slowed down and she fought hard to stay in a size fourteen, watching every bite she ate and exercising as much as possible. But when your thyroid was hypo it was hard to keep the weight off no matter what you did. Still, she was one of the most beautiful women I had ever seen. Inside and out.

Once she was comfortable, Wroth leaned forward and pressed a kiss to her forehead. He whispered something that had her cheeks filling with an adorable shade of pink and then he was tipping the cyclist and we were on our way.

As soon as we were out of hearing range of the guys, I turned toward her in my seat. "I'm sorry. I don't mean to embarrass you at all, but that was really melt-worthy back there."

The blush in Marissa's cheeks deepened. "The last few days have been really melt-worthy. Oh my gosh, Dallas! I can't believe the change in Wroth. I've waited for so many years for him to get his head out of his ass and just do something. Anything. Then the other night at the club..." She broke off, her eyes shying away as she glanced at the lush greenery along the path on our way to the Mandara Spa.

I let her have a moment. If she didn't want to confide in me I wasn't going to push. But as we grew closer I reached for her hand. "I'm happy for you, Rissa."

Her face lit up with a beaming smile. "Thanks, Dallas."

The rest of the day was spent in comfortable companionship. We were split up for our massage and facials. But when we had our hair and nails done we sat side by side, gossiping like we had been friends all our lives. It was fun, but made me miss Harper and Lana. Especially Harper.

"Can you believe that Devlin punched Zander last night?"

Marissa's question caught me off guard, and I glanced at her with my mouth gaping open. "What?"

Marissa lifted her mimosa to her lips and took a sip. "Yup, that was what I said when Li told me this morning when I had breakfast with him. He didn't go into details, he never does. Between him and Wroth you would think I was a baby the way they try to protect me from the real world. But from what I pieced together, Z was running his mouth about Natalie and him sharing a suite. Devlin didn't say a word, just punched him in the mouth and walked away." Her face clouded over. "I'm not stupid, Dallas. I know what happened between Dev and Tawny and my brother all those years ago. I might have just been a kid at the time, but I still knew what was going on..."

She broke off as a different stylist walked by. Leaning forward, Marissa lowered her voice. "Tawny worked a number on both of them, and it tore them apart. Dev and Liam were closer than Dev and Z at the time. They were inseparable and she ripped them to shreds. Natalie, she isn't like Tawny, I know that and I'm pretty sure that Dev and Z know that. But this is kind of history repeating itself. Two best friends, both of them interested in one girl."

I could see exactly what she was talking about. Natalie definitely wasn't like the bitch that Liam had told me about. Sure she was feisty and stubborn, but she wasn't vindictive or a heartless whore. I had seen first-hand that both Zander and Devlin were interested. One didn't want to be. The other was more invested in the idea of something than actually romantic feelings. And while Natalie was obviously infatuated with Devlin, I could see disaster approaching for her from five miles away.

"Could you try to talk to her? Tell her to distance herself from both of them?" Marissa grimaced. "I don't want her to get hurt, and the way things are looking, she could be annihilated. I've known Dev and Z all my life and they can be more than a little intense when it comes to something they want."

"I'll speak to her, Rissa," I promised. "But that doesn't mean she will listen. I've only known Nat for a few years now, but I can tell you that she is one of the most stubborn women on the planet. She's emotionally invested with..." I sighed, not wanting to give too much away even to Marissa. It seemed disloyal to Natalie. "...one of them."

"I've noticed," Marissa assured me. "Dev is just as stubborn. He wants her just as much, and while he fights it in front of her, he doesn't when Z is around. That man gives me whiplash watching him."

"Do you think I should talk to Lana and Harper? Maybe her brothers should be aware of what's going on." I didn't want to seem like a tattle-tale, going to Natalie's sisters-in-law like that. But we were only into day three of a three-month tour. If Devlin Cutter was throwing punches already, then what did that mean for the rest of the tour? Shouldn't her brothers be aware of the situation and maybe have words with their two friends before someone got their heart broken?

Marissa shook her head. "Natalie is an adult; let's let her sort her own life out." She rolled her eyes. "I wish Wroth would let me do the same thing, but hey, he is who he is. Just talk to her and let her make her own decisions."

I nodded, accepting that piece of advice but my stomach twisted in trepidation for what could happen to my friend.

Axton

"You have gotta be fucking kidding me!"

I raised my brows at Zander as he tossed his Xbox One controller against the wall near the flat screen he had just died on. I didn't know how to take either him or Devlin lately so I didn't say a word, just kept moving across the map on the screen.

Call of Duty was the game of choice today. I was playing because there was nothing else to do as we rode toward Charleston, West Virginia for tonight's show. Dallas was on the other bus, where she had firmly stayed. I fucking hated the distance that our buses put between us. The only alone time I had with her was when we happened to be in a town for more than one night. Then she was all mine for the duration of our stay in whatever hotel we happened to be booked in. It wasn't enough time for me.

Sure, I wanted the sex. It was mind-blowingly amazing. Each time taking my breath away and leaving me dazed because it should be illegal to feel that alive. But it was also when Dallas really let herself open up to me, because afterwards we would just lie in bed and she would tell me something about her childhood that I hadn't already known. Or I would tell her about my own life growing up with Sharon Huntington as a mother. We would laze around our room, ordering the most expensive things off of the menu and order movie after movie until I had to leave for that night's show.

Which brought up a new predicament within myself. Before Dallas, before this tour, I was almost high on the thought of taking the stage and rocking out to tens of thousands of fans singing along with me and the band. They would chant our name, my name, and by the end of the night I was raging for more. Now? I had to fight with myself to leave Dallas. The thought of going on stage brought more dread than anticipation, because I knew that it would mean giving up more time that I could have been spending with my girl.

Thankfully, Dallas always came to the show, and stood backstage with Harris, Marissa, and Natalie. After the shows we would go back to our room instead of a nightclub like I normally would have done. But I would rather have her alone in our room than sharing her in a crowd of strangers. To me, our time was precious and I wasn't going to waste it on any-fucking-body.

Those nights seemed rare, because we normally only stayed at each stop for a day or two. I missed her when she wasn't beside me. Her insistence to stay on the other bus, even when Liam was on mine, felt like she was putting up walls-walls that I tried my damnedest to break down in our alone time and mostly I succeeded, but by the next day they were up again. It was slowly driving me insane, and making the leather bracelet I never took off itch with the secret I hid underneath. I wanted to show Dallas what was under the leather just as badly as I wanted to confess how in love I was with her. But I couldn't seem to find the right words. Which was really fucked up because I was king of finding the perfect thing to say to get what I wanted.

"That's the second remote you've destroyed in the last two weeks," Wroth grumbled as he sniped some kid from Washington who had been running his mouth for the last twenty minutes about how good he was. It pissed the boy off every time Wroth sniped him or I used a rocket launcher on him. It was amusing to hear the fifteen-year-old screaming obscenities in our headsets each time he was killed off. "That's why we had to play with the Xbox One and not the PS4. If you tear up the Wii controller I'm gonna kick your ass."

Liam chuckled from his position on the couch across from my recliner. He was lying with his leg propped up on the arm of the couch, his head on a pillow as he played along with the rest of us. On the floor, Linc was playing on the other team with Devlin and Natalie. This was our normal afternoon ride. Everyone normally slept until noon and then when the buses stopped to fuel up, Harris switched buses to do his homeschooling with Marissa while Wroth, Liam and Linc jumped on with us to either rehearse or play video games.

It had been working for us for the last seven weeks, but the tension between Devlin and Zander was getting out of hand. The two were barely speaking to each other now, and when they did happen to share words they were nasty and quickly followed by fists flying. Natalie was trying to keep the peace, but it was obviously wearing on her. She'd already told Emmie that she wasn't sure how much more she could take, and Emmie had threatened everyone that the next fight would result in her having to join the tour.

While I was all for that because I was a selfish dick who missed my best friend, I knew that having a very pregnant Emmie would not be necessarily enjoyable. Not to mention how pissed off the Demons were gonna be if that happened, especially Nik. It took a lot to get my buddy to the point of pissed, but once that happened he was worse than Jesse Thornton in a rage. I so didn't want that kind of anger brought to the tour.

"Bring it," Zander snapped at Wroth, which got him a hard look from the ex-marine. "Just because Marissa only plays Wii with you-"

Whatever Zander was going to say was cut off by Liam throwing his bottle of water at Zander's head. The lid was off the bottle and water went flying across Zander's bare chest. "Motherfucker, what was that for?"

"You can talk trash about me or Devlin or anybody else, I don't really give a shit, but you start saying something about my sister, and I will cut your fucking throat."

"I wasn't gonna talk trash about Rissa," Zander exclaimed, as if shocked Liam would even think that. But it was what we all had thought. Zander was quick to fly off at the mouth any more, and it didn't seem to matter who he was talking about. Not even Marissa was safe from his nastiness.

Just the day before, Zander had made some raunchy comment about me and Dallas and before I could even fully comprehend what he had said, Dallas had kneed him in the balls. "I don't know what your deal is, but my name doesn't ever leave your mouth like that again. Comprehend, asshat?" Dallas had snarled as she backed away from a downed Zander. Since it had brought Z to his knees I hadn't felt like more punishment was due, but that didn't mean I was forgiving. He knew he was on my shit list.

"Just shut the hell up, Z. You're only digging yourself deeper," Wroth told him in his growly voice that was scary on a good day, but was completely full of menace right then. It made me very thankful I wasn't on the receiving end of Wroth's wrath.

Cursing under his breath, Zander jumped up from his seat and stormed toward the back of the bus. No one said another word as we forced our attention back on the game we were playing.

Fun times.

Axton

I wasn't a fan of April Fool's day. This year was no different.

Forcing a smile for the chick in front of me, bouncing up and down in a mixture of excitement and seduction as it made her boobs practically pop out of her tight top, I asked her name and signed the poster she had set down on the table for me to autograph. "Thanks, darlin'," I hugged her with one arm and smiled for the pictures her friend took before stepping back, ready to greet the next fan in line. Bouncy Boobs continued down the line to meet the other members of the band and perhaps entice one of them with her assets.

I glanced toward the corner of the room where Dallas was sitting with Marissa drinking fruit juice and snacking on a fruit tray that had been provided for our after concert signing. OtherWorld didn't do too many fan meet and greets like this these days for which I was thankful. As much as I loved and appreciated our fan base, the ones that came to our meet and greets were mostly chicks looking to hook up with one of us for the night. I was over that shit.

As if sensing my eyes on her, Dallas turned her head and caught my gaze. When she noticed the expression on my face-a mixture of dread, depression, and desperation-she raised a brow and I just shrugged. I wanted this to be over so that we could get back to our hotel and maybe take a bath together before ordering something from room service and falling asleep. That was all I fucking wanted, so why wasn't this line moving along faster?

Another fan stepped in front of me, forcing me to turn back to the job at hand. With a tight smile I greeted the little girl in front of me. Little described her well. She couldn't have been more than sixteen and she was nothing but bones. With long strawberry-blonde hair and bright blue eyes she was cute and in those eyes I saw pure excitement. For the first time that night my smile became genuine. Oddly this little girl reminded me of a young Emmie when she had first come to live with the Demons. Nothing could have opened my heart to her more. "Hey, darlin'. I'm Axton. What's your name?"

"I'm Kenzie," she got out in a breathless voice, pink filling her cheeks. "I've been listening to you guys since I was five years old."

"Your parents let you listen to us that young? That rocks, sweetheart." I glanced behind her but didn't see any parental figures. "You all alone tonight, darlin'?" It was after midnight and most of the people that still remained were in varying degrees of drunkenness. I didn't feel right about her being alone.

Kenzie shrugged. "I snuck out to come tonight. No way was I gonna miss getting to see OtherWorld live."

My grin didn't dim, but my concern escalated. "Aren't you a little rebel." I winked then looked over at Dallas and Marissa. Dallas was still watching me closely and I waved her over.

Still nibbling on a slice of pineapple, Dallas walked past the line of now glaring chicks with a sass that I couldn't help but grin at. That walk alone told every one of the girls in line that she was mine and she knew it. "What's up, babe?" Her gaze went to Kenzie and she smiled. "Hi, sweetness."

"Oh my gosh! You're Dallas Bradshaw. You were in the OtherWorld video a few years back. You are the most beautiful girl I have ever seen in my life." Kenzie was gushing over Dallas more than she had been me and I fucking loved it. "Can I have your autograph, too?"

"Um, sure?" Dallas glanced back at me. "Ax?"

"This is Kenzie, the gorgeous rebel who snuck out to see us tonight. I thought you two could hang out until we were done here and maybe we would grab something to eat before giving her a ride home?"

Something I rarely saw flashed across Dallas's face. It was there only a moment, but it gave me all kinds of hope for us and our future. "That sounds great," Dallas said with a beaming smile. She leaned forward and pressed a hard kiss to my lips. "I was bored as hell and Kenzie seems awesome."

"Hey, other people would like to meet the band too," someone called from the back of the line. "Move it along, ho."

Dallas's eyes widened as she stepped back from me. "Dallas," I said, trying to stop her, but she was already turning around.

"Shut it, cunt bags. We'll move as fast as we please." Turning back to me she gave me another kiss and urged Kenzie toward the next table where Wroth was still signing Bouncy Boob's impressive chest. I breathed a sigh of relief. For a moment I was sure that Dallas had been going to call the chick out and start throwing punches. Which would have been seriously hot, but would have put a serious damper on my night if I had to spend it bailing her out of jail instead of cuddling in our bed back at the hotel.

The line slowly died down and by two o'clock we were finished. I stretched, trying to work some of the tension out of my muscles. Out of everything else that went on during a tour, to me the meet and greets like this were the most exhausting.

As the last fan was led out by security, I headed toward Dallas who was sitting with Kenzie and Marissa by the buffet. Kenzie had a pile of food on a plate which I had seen Natalie get for her an hour ago. Either she hadn't eaten much or she was on her second plate. I lifted Dallas up, sat in her chair and secured her on my lap. "What have you lovely ladies been doing all night?"

Dallas buried her head in my neck, but instead of kissing me she whispered against my ear, "She's sweet."

"Kenzie has been telling us about herself," Marissa said with a smile.

A blush filled Kenzie's cheeks but she didn't comment as she stuffed another carrot into her mouth. I reached for one off her plate and took a bite out of it. After chewing a few seconds I turned my head and spit it out. "Christ, that is not real food. I'm starving. Who wants to get some nice fat-filled grease-coated food?"

Dallas was the first to raise her hand. "Me. Me. Me. Please, babe. I'm starving."

I stood and grabbed ahold of Dallas's hand, needing to constantly touch her to feel centered. I took the plate from Kenzie and offered her my free hand. After only a small hesitation she accepted it and stood. My gaze went to Marissa. "You wanna come with? Wroth said he had to make sure his Fenders were stored safely. Knowing him and his love for his guitars, he might be a little while."

She laughed as she got to her feet. "No thanks. I was going to head back to the hotel and order some room service. I have a craving for pancakes and sausage."

"It was nice to meet you, Marissa," Kenzie said, shaking her hand. Her manners surprised me. Seriously, I didn't know kids still had manners like that anymore. Sure Mia and Lucy had them, but that was because Emmie and Layla beat them into their heads on a daily basis.

Marissa hugged her tight. "I hope we get to see each other again, Kenzie."

We stepped into a taxi out in front of the huge convention center. I let both the girls get in before I finally took my place by the window with Dallas tucked against me. After finding out what they wanted to eat, I told the driver to take us to the closest all night mom and pop. Ten minutes later we stepped into a small restaurant that reminded me a lot of Denny's. A gruff-looking man with a grease-stained apron led us to a booth in the back and took our drink orders.

"How's your sweat tea?" Dallas asked immediately, making me grin.

"Diabetic coma inducing," the man said with a roll of his eyes.

Dallas clapped her hands together in glee. "I'll take a glass and keep 'em coming."

There was another roll of his eyes before he turned to Kenzie. "What will it be, kid?"

"Chocolate milk, please."

"Make that two," I told him with a wink at Kenzie who rewarded me with a beaming smile. I hadn't had chocolate milk in forever and the idea was suddenly very appealing.

With a sigh, as if we were inconveniencing him, the greasy man went to get our drinks. Dallas laughed as she turned in the booth so that she was leaning her back against my side before opening her menu. "I want a double cheeseburger with onion rings and lots of barbeque sauce. And lots of fries. What are you having, Kenzie?"

She was glancing through the menu and I could tell she was struggling with what to pick. Honestly it all sounded good to me. As hungry as I was right then I could have eaten one of everything and two of each dessert. "I don't know,"

"I'm going to get the chili cheese fries, the foot-long slaw dog, and the all American burger." I glanced at the appetizers. "And we might as well get some fried mozzarella sticks and potato skins to start." Dallas raised a brow at me, amazed that I wanted all of that to eat. "What? I'm starving. I haven't eaten since breakfast. That was nearly twenty-four hours ago, baby."

"You two are really cute together," Kenzie surprised me by commenting. "It's nice to watch you like this."

Dallas's eyes widened but I couldn't help but grin as I tightened my arms around her. "Thanks, sunshine. It comes easy when you have what we have."

An older woman suddenly appeared with our drinks on a tray. She looked like someone's grandmother, but she seemed to find the job amusing. Her grin was warm and welcoming as she stood over us with her order pad in hand. Dallas and I gave her our orders but Kenzie was still struggling with her decision.

I reached for her hand, her thin fingers trembling on the menu. "Whatever you want is fine, Kenzie. I promise. If you want two things or three things, hell if you want the whole damn menu, it is fine with me. Okay, sunshine?"

Her chin trembled for a moment before she bit her lip hard. Swallowing, she gave the waitress her order of grilled cheese, chili, and a chili cheese hot dog. As small as she was, I wasn't sure if should could hold all of that, but she sure did look like she needed that much. Beside me I felt Dallas stiffening and she sat up, giving Kenzie a closer look.

"Kenzie, when was the last time you ate?"

Kenzie's chin trembled again and Dallas moved from our side of the booth to take a place next to the girl. She grabbed Kenzie's chin, her eyes examining her closely. "Sweetness, you're seriously malnourished. What's been going on?"

My stomach seemed to bottom out as Kenzie's trembling chin was suddenly followed by two fat tears falling from her eyes. "I'm okay," she whispered.

"No, baby cakes. You damn well aren't okay. Talk to me," Dallas urged as she brushed a few locks of Kenzie's hair back from her face. "Tell me what's been going on at home."

"H-home?" Her voice seemed to shake more than her chin if that was possible. "I don't h-h-have a h-home. My parents d-d-died when I was six. After that I was pushed from one f-f-family member to the next, because no one w-wanted me. S-s-o I ended up in foster care, and then when my a-aunt f-f-finally relinquished her custodial rights I was sent to the orphanage where I've been for the last four years."

Everything inside me clenched at her confession. Earlier I had thought she reminded me of Emmie. I couldn't have imagined that I was right in more ways than one. Only when Kenzie had become an orphan she hadn't had four Demons willing and waiting to care for her. My hands balled into fists under the table and I clenched my jaw as I turned my gaze to the window.

"I'm so sorry, sweetness," Dallas murmured as she pulled Kenzie against her.

"I-it's okay. I've learned to a-accept that my life isn't all s-s-sunshine and daisies."

"Why haven't you been getting enough to eat, Kenzie?" I surprised myself by asking. My voice was low, so that I wouldn't scare her with all the emotions churning inside of me.

She wiped her eyes and shrugged her shoulders. "I'm nearly eighteen, so Miss Rhodes says I can get my own food. I have a job after school so that I can pay for my own food. But..." She broke off and swallowed hard. "But when I heard that OtherWorld was doing a meet and greet after the concert, I started saving my paychecks so that I could meet you and the band." Her chin started trembling again. "My last happy memories are of my parents. They were amazing parents. I was so lucky back then. They loved me...so much. They were also big rocker fans. They loved OtherWorld the most, and were fans from your first album and never looked back. I can remember them saying that they would take me to see one of your concerts one day. It would be a new experience for all of us, because they had never been to one either." Kenzie shrugged again. "I just wanted to honor them by seeing you guys. Just once."

I leaned forward in the booth and grasped both of her hands in mine. "I'm really glad you came tonight, Kenzie. I think your parents would be beyond honored that you worked so hard and sacrificed so much to see us. You're a brave girl, and I sincerely admire you for that." Her cheeks filled with pink and I gave her a small smile. "Things are gonna get better, sunshine. I promise you that much."

Dallas wrapped her arm around Kenzie's shoulders again. The kid leaned back, laying her head on Dallas's shoulder. My mind was filled with all kinds of crazy thoughts that I needed to get straight, but right then, looking into Dallas's eyes, I saw her love shining back for a moment before she looked away. Tonight was going to be a night all three of us would remember for the rest of our lives.

I called Emmie as soon as we dropped Kenzie off at her house. The orphanage had been just a two-story house with an old swing in the front yard and a sign that said it was Miss Rhodes Orphanage for children ten years and older. I wanted to knock on the door and demand to know how the bitch that ran the place slept at night. She was responsible for feeding Kenzie, for her wellbeing and all her needs until she turned eighteen. Miss Rhodes should have done her job and made sure that Kenzie was eating. That she was healthy.

I hated the woman and I hadn't even met her yet.

On the taxi ride back to our hotel, Dallas fell asleep against my chest while I made my call. The phone rang a handful of times before a grumpy sounding Emmie finally picked up.

"Ax, it's two in the morning here. I'm gonna kick you in the balls the next time I see you. And if this is about Devlin and Zander, I already know. I'll fly out tomorrow. But for now, my pregnant ass is going back to sleep."

My eyes narrowed at the mention of my bandmates. "What the fuck happened between Dev and Z this time?" They had been keeping their distance for the last week or so.

"Don't get me started. I'm too tired and more than pissed. Nik is going to the UK in two days so he can't come with me. I'm seven months pregnant, hormonal and mad as hell." She sighed. "But obviously that isn't why you called. So, what's up?"

"I need you to do something for me."

"And this something couldn't have waited until the sun came up?" Her tone was dry but I thought I heard a hint of amusement in there.

It was my turn to sigh. "It could have, but I just... I needed to hear your voice, Em." I tightened my arm around Dallas's shoulders and laid my head back against the seat in the taxi. "I met this kid tonight that... She reminded me of you as soon as I set eyes on her."

There was a long pause before Emmie finally spoke. "Did she have bruises?"

"No. She was just a bag of bones, but she was all smiles." I grimaced then dived right in to telling her about Kenzie. When I was done I asked the only question that was left to ask, because I knew that Emmie understood what I wanted. "Can you help me with this, Em?"

"You know I would do anything for you, dummy. I'm just going to need details and a day or two. I'll start on it first thing in the morning and have some news for you by the time I get into Baltimore tomorrow night. I know you can't meet Mia and me at the airport, but can you keep an eye out for us at the convention center? Mia isn't gonna be happy that she has to go without her daddy-and really neither am I. So she's gonna need her Uncle Ax to cheer her up."

"Anything for Mia." The taxi was nearly to our hotel so I said goodbye to Emmie reluctantly. "Go back to sleep, Em. See you tomorrow... Tonight. Be safe."

"You too. Love ya, Ax."

"Love you, Emmie."

As the taxi slowed I kissed the top of Dallas's head. "Baby, wake up. We're here."

Moaning, Dallas lifted her head and glanced around, trying to figure out where 'here' was. "I'm so tired."

"I know, baby." I pressed another kiss to her head. "We'll be in bed soon."

I paid the driver then helped Dallas from the taxi. She stumbled a few steps so I lifted her into my arms and carried her inside the hotel. When I got to the elevators, I used my elbow to push the call button then did the same when the doors opened for our floor. Dallas kept her arms wrapped tightly around my neck, her head on my shoulder as she closed her eyes again.

Getting into the room was a feat in and of itself. I secured her with one hand under her delicious ass while using my free hand to pull my room keycard from my back pocket and unlocked the door. Kicking the door shut behind me, I crossed the room to the king sized bed and laid Dallas across the middle. She sighed contently, turned over and cuddled my pillow close. Already back to sleep.

I stood there smirking down at her for a long moment before removing her shoes and then her jeans. With a shake of my head I took off my own jeans and boots then crawled in behind her. With the finest ass in the world pressed against my crotch, and the scent of her shampoo filling my nose, I fell asleep with a smile on my lips.

Dallas

It felt like I had only just closed my eyes when my phone's alarm went off. Moaning, I turned over in bed, automatically reaching out for Axton. When I discovered the bed empty I opened my eyes and sat up. I still had my shirt, bra and panties on, which confused me. Why hadn't he woken me and devoured me like he normally did?

Then last night's events rushed back to me and my heart suddenly felt weighed down as images of Kenzie filled my head. Poor kid. She had been so sweet and obviously really bright while I had kept her company for Axton. Later, to find out what she had been going through only made me respect her more because she was such a brave kid. Even if she was nearly eighteen, to me she was a kid. She was so tiny that I couldn't imagine her as nearly an adult yet.

My alarm was still going off and I reached over to turn it off. Axton must have dug it out of my jeans and set it before leaving for the convention center again. With a tired sigh I crawled out of bed and headed toward the bathroom. Before I could even turn on the light there was a knock on the door. "Room service," someone called.

Quickly I grabbed a robe from the back of the bathroom door and slipped it on as I hurried toward the door. Opening it, there was a man in waiter's clothing standing there with a tray. "I didn't order anything," I told him, figuring he had simply gotten the wrong room.

"Mr. Cage asked that we bring your meal at exactly three forty-five," the waiter informed me with a small smile. "He was very specific about the time."

I bit my lip, trying not to show this man how affected I was by Axton's thoughtfulness. With a tight smile I stepped back and the waiter came in. Instead of placing the tray on the table by the balcony, he placed it on the bed. "Breakfast in bed, miss." He smiled again and turned to go.

Speechless, I didn't walk him to the door as I stared down at the small tray of food. There was a glass of orange juice, a covered plate, some assorted hot tea packets with a small ceramic tea pot, salt and pepper and even a small bottle of ketchup on the tray. But what really caught my attention and had me melting was the thin little vase with one single sunflower.

That damn man sure did know how to make me fall deeper for him on a daily basis. Last night, after we had dropped Kenzie off, I'd heard some of his conversation with Emmie on the ride back to the hotel. Honestly, I wasn't sure what it was that I had felt for Axton Cage before last night, but it had nothing on what I'd felt right then and there. As I had shamelessly eavesdropped while pretending to be asleep, I'd fallen helplessly in love with him all over again.

How had I missed the fact that he was such a great guy? Had I been pretending to hate him for so long that I had forgotten how amazing he could be? His heart was kind, maybe the kindest I'd ever come into contact with. Only a robot wouldn't have fallen in love with Axton Cage, and I was no robot.

Because he had obviously wanted me to have breakfast in bed, I climbed into the middle of the king sized bed, arranged the pillows, turned on the television and finally pulled the tray across my lap. Lifting the lid from the covered dish I found cheesy scrambled eggs, crispy bacon, toast and hash browns. Shaking my head at the sight of my favorite breakfast, I picked up my cellphone, snapped a pic of me blowing a kiss and texted it to him.

Seconds later my phone chimed with his text tone.

Axton: Don't rush. 3<br/>

By the time the last chord was played on our last song for rehearsal, I was ready to throw a few punches of my own. Damn the two of them. Neither one of them could pull their heads out of their asses to see that they were bringing the reputation of our band down along with their friendship.

Wroth and Liam stood on the side of the stage while I glared after Devlin who stormed off in one direction while Zander did the same in the opposite direction. Jaw clenched, I turned to face the remaining two members of our band. "What the fuck happened last night?"

Liam, who now sported a walking boot over his cast since his last doctor's visit the week before, shrugged. "Dev took Natalie to some club last night. Zander ended up being there. Apparently Z was drunk as fuck and ended up spilling the beans that no one else seemed to know anything about." When I just raised a brow at him, Liam shrugged again. "Dev and Z made a bet at the beginning of the tour. First one to bag Nat was considered the winner."

"Oh fuck," I muttered, running a hand through my hair. "Oh. Fucking. Fuck." This wasn't good. As in the Stevenson brothers vengeances, not good. Natalie might not have become a part of Drake and Shane's life until just a few years ago, but that didn't mean shit. When they heard about this, there would be no place Devlin and Zander could hide from the two Demons.

Wroth grimaced. "Apparently as soon as the words left Z's mouth, Devlin started throwing punches. Nat didn't have a choice but to call Emmie, then pay for the damages that they caused from the fight. Did you see Dev's eye?"

"Or the way Z is holding his ribs when he walks?" Liam shook his shaggy head. "Pretty sure Dev cracked a few of his ribs from the way Z's walking."

The sound of heels clacking on cement had us turning our heads to find Natalie walking toward us. The dark circles under her eyes, the paleness of her skin, and the bloodshot blue-gray eyes that seemed to be a Stevenson trademark told their own story. I tried to catch her gaze, but she quickly averted her eyes.

Clearing her throat, she clasped her hands together in front of her. "I would..." She cleared her throat and started again. "I would appreciate it if none of you mentioned the reasons for last night's fight to any of the Demon's Wings guys. Emmie knows, but I've asked her not to share the details. My brothers really don't need to know..." She clenched her jaw and turned away. "Just please, for me, don't say anything to them."

As she walked away, her shoulders hunched, the three of us muttered curses under our breath. I waited until she was out of sight before turning to Wroth and Liam. "What the fuck were they thinking? We don't do this kind of shit anymore."

Wroth grunted. "Obviously neither one of them got that memo, bro. So, what are we gonna do about it?"

"Emmie will be here tonight. Let's follow her lead," Liam offered, and I had to agree that it was the best plan of action.

Liam went to find Linc to do his physical therapy while Wroth went to find Marissa who was helping Harris with his homeschool work in our dressing room. When my cell vibrated with a text message, I pulled it free and groaned out loud at the sight of the picture of Dallas blowing me a kiss. I sent her a message telling her to take her time before saving the picture as my wallpaper so that I could see that gorgeous face blowing kisses at me every time I looked at my phone.

I could have gone back to the hotel, because there was plenty of time before we took the stage at nine, but I knew that if I went back Dallas wouldn't get any time to herself to relax. She deserved to have some time just for herself. Instead, I pulled up my emails and started going through some of the work I'd put off the day before.

I had some things that needed my attention from America's Rocker. I'd agreed to sign on for another two seasons if my changes were implemented. Cole Steel wasn't coming back, but thankfully Drake had agreed to at least another season. The show was a huge success, which had surprised me, because I thought it would be a flop after the first few seasons with the way the producers tended to run everything. I would admit that there had been some amazing talent that had been able to get recognized because of it, last season's winner being the best of them all.

Obviously, someone was going to have to replace Cole for the next season. The producers were already throwing out names and having sit downs. Two names topped their list though, and I was sure that when Emmie found out who was on that short list she was going to flip her lid. Honestly, the producers better be glad that they got Drake to sign an air tight contract or they would have had to replace him should Tommy Kirkman get the job. Thankfully, Drake and I had some say in who took the third judge's position and they would be getting a 'fuck no' from us.

No way did I want to work with Layla's father. I'd written him off the same night the fucker had had four of his personal bodyguards jump Jesse. I'd been drunk as hell that night, and gotten my own ass handed to me when I'd jumped in to help Shane help Jesse.

It took more than an hour to deal with my emails, and by the time I put my phone away Dallas was walking through the back doors. She had a smile on her face, so I was sure she hadn't yet heard about the cluster fuck that had happened the night before or that her friend was basically a shattered shell of herself today. I didn't want to be the one to wipe that smile off her beautiful face, but I didn't want her to be blindsided by the news coming from someone else.

Before I could open my mouth, she threw herself into my arms and kissed all rational thoughts from my head. I wrapped my arms around her as she climbed my body, wrapping those long, silky legs around my waist. Her hands thrust into my hair, deepening the kiss and forcing me to back her against the closest wall. Her kiss was full of a wildness that stole my sanity in the blink of an eye.

Breathing hard, she pulled back a long time later. "I missed you," she whispered before brushing another kiss over my lips.

"Ah, baby, I missed you too." I skimmed my nose down her neck, inhaling the subtle yet intoxicating scent of her body wash. "Did you enjoy your breakfast in bed?"

"It was perfect. Thanks for that, babe."

Reluctantly I stepped back and she unwrapped her legs from around my waist. I was rock hard, but would have to suffer for the moment. "I need to tell you something."

Her eyes lost some of their brightness. "What's wrong?"

"Last night Dev and Z got into a fight. Em is going to be here just before the show starts tonight."

Dallas rolled her eyes. "That doesn't surprise me."

"The fight was over Nat..."

"Again. Not surprised."

"...because they had a bet who could nail her first," I finished, then stepped back when I saw her face cloud over.

"Excuse me?"

"I just found out about it myself, baby. They apparently made the bet before the tour started. I don't know if Dev and Nat actually hooked up, but they obviously have gotten closer over the last two months. Or they had." I grimaced for what felt like the hundredth time in the last few hours at the rage in Dallas's eyes. "You should go find her, baby. See if she needs to talk."

"I'll find her as soon as I take care of Summer and Eve." My face obviously showed my confusion because she rolled her eyes. "The douche twins. Devlin and Zander."

"No," I said, stepping between her and the path she had been about to take in search of both my bandmates. "Don't do that, baby. Look, they beat the fuck out of each other last night. Z can barely stand and Dev looks like he might even have a concussion the way he was playing so shitty earlier."

"Are you seriously protecting those two dickheads right now?" she snarled.

"Of course not. I'm trying to protect you. Neither one of them is in a good place right now, and I don't want them to do or say something to you if you confront them. If they did something that hurt you in any way I'd have to kill them, and honestly I'm too pretty to survive prison." That last part produced the smile I was hoping it would, even if it was smaller than I wanted. Leaning forward I kissed her, long and hard.

"Fine," she conceded, pushing me away after only a few seconds of enjoying my kiss. "I'll go check on Natalie. But if they cross my path I'm not going to hold back on telling them what I think of their sorry asses."

"Fair enough." I kissed her again before letting her go. "I'm going to go relax a little before the show. If you need me I'll be in my dressing room... that has its own bathroom." I wiggled my brow at her and she snorted but couldn't hide the obvious need the thought of us putting my private bathroom to use caused in her. With a wink and a slap on her perfect ass, I left her to find her friend.

"Uncle Ax. Uncle Ax. Uncle Ax!"

My head snapped around at the sound of Mia's voice. I didn't say a word to the roadie I'd just been talking to as I broke into a run toward the running three-year-old who was hell bent on reaching me as fast as her little legs could get her to me. As I scooped her into my arms and twirled her around, I couldn't help the stupid grin that spread over my face.

After only a few twirls I stopped and kissed her cheek. "Wow, look at my pretty girl. You've grown since I last saw you, beautiful."

"Guess what?" she demanded with an excited expression on her face that made her big green eyes shine up at me.

"Umm... You are running away to become a trapeze star in the circus?"

"No, silly." She rolled her eyes at me like I was the incorrigible toddler while she was the adult. "I'm going to have a brother!"

"Really? Does Daddy know?" I pressed another kiss to her cheek before turning to a very pregnant Emmie waddling instead of walking toward us.

"Pretty sure Daddy had a good idea before we left this morning." Emmie sighed as she paused long enough to let me drop a kiss on her cheek. "Hey, stranger."

"Em, we talk every day," I reminded her.

She shrugged. "I haven't seen you since January. That seems too long for me."

"You're right. It is." I put Mia on her feet and wrapped an arm around Emmie's shoulders. "How was your flight?"

Her eyes narrowed. Apparently I'd asked the wrong question. "Oh, it was wonderful. Considering that I had to listen to the cow behind us criticize the fact that I had my three-year-old in first class while her son had to sit in coach with his sister. The best part of the damn thing was when Mia finally turned around in her seat and asked the woman why she was so bitchy." That produced a laugh from us both. Mia might only be three years old, but she took after her mother in more than just looks. "I kid you not, Ax. Mia used the word bitchy. And she was asking the same question I wanted to ask, but hadn't because I didn't want to cause a scene in front of my child, so I couldn't exactly scold her for it."

"Sounds like you had an eventful day."

"It's only getting started. I'm going to seriously bust some balls tonight."

"You said balls, Momma," Mia called from where she was jumping over a thick cord. "Daddy said that balls is a bad word."

I coughed to hide my laugh and went over to pick Mia up. "Let's find somewhere for you to play, Mia, before Momma's head explodes."

Mia glanced at her mother over my shoulder. "Oh. Okay. She does that a lot lately. Daddy said it was the baby doing it to her and that I shouldn't take her too seriously. You shouldn't either, Uncle Ax. She loves you too, ya know. But like she loves Uncle Jesse and Uncle Drake and Uncle Shane. Not like she loves Daddy. Daddy said that he would cut your balls off if she loved you like she loves him."

I had to bite my cheek to keep from grinning. I couldn't believe the words that came out of this kid's mouth. She missed nothing and spoke her mind. She owned just as big a part of my heart as her mother did. "Sometimes you shouldn't repeat what Daddy says, Mia. Sometimes it can make Momma's head explode for real." Chancing a glance at Emmie I saw that her face was blood red and she was muttering something under her breath. I tried hard to keep my grin at bay, but it broke free. "I'm gonna take her to Marissa. She will be in Wroth's dressing room if you get worried."

"I'm sure she will be fine," Emmie said. "She likes Marissa. It's me I'm worried about. I'm wondering what else Daddy has been saying lately." She rolled her eyes and crossed her arms over the top of her very large stomach. "If I didn't love that man so much I would cut off his..." She broke off, but it was obvious that she had been about to say 'balls'. "Be a good girl, Mia."

"Okay, Momma. Love you big."

Emmie's face softened. "Love you bigger."

Dallas

I doubt there was a more beautiful woman when she was pissed.

Emmie Armstrong was magnificent when she was raging. Long, auburn hair flying. Cute little nose flaring. Breasts heaving. Very pregnant stomach trembling under the force of her son's kicking feet as she paced back and forth in front of the five rockers standing lined up as if she were a drill sergeant and they were her troops.

Her voice shook as she spoke. "I'm seriously not in the mood to deal with children, but that's exactly what some of you have been acting like." Her blazing green gaze went to Zander who was at one end of the line, then to Devlin who was at the other end. "Do you know how pissed off I am right now? Do you honestly think I signed up for this shit? I'll gladly drop OtherWorld's contract right now and you can go back to Rich Fucking Branson since he apparently put up with your childishness."

My gaze went to Axton who was lined up with his bandmates. When Emmie mentioned Branson's name I saw his face grow stormy. I'd heard through Harper that when Demon's Wings had refused to resign Rich Branson as their manager, the creep had gone after Emmie. If Nik hadn't stepped in between them and punched the douchebag, the man might have actually hit Emmie. After hearing that, Axton had convinced the band to drop Branson as soon as their own contract was up. From what Harper had said, it hadn't taken much to get the rest of OtherWorld to agree.

"That's bullshit," Devlin grumbled. "You wouldn't send a dead dog back to Branson."

Devlin Cutter was well over six feet tall, maybe six three if not taller. Emmie, however was considerably smaller. Even with her belly sticking out like it was, Devlin probably outweighed her by over a hundred and twenty pounds. That didn't seem to deter Emmie as she stepped closer to the drummer and poked him in the chest with her finger. "Try me. I don't work with immature dickheads. And you and your buddy? Biggest dickheads I've ever met. You know what, Dev? I thought for sure it was going to be Liam who would make this tour so difficult..."

"Hey!" Liam pouted.

"...but he's been a fucking saint." Emmie went on as if Liam hadn't said a word, and honestly I doubted she had heard him she was so focused on Devlin. "I expected better out of you, Devlin. You have your son with you this time, so I figured out of everyone you would be the responsible one. The one setting an example. Instead you..." She broke off and turned away from him. After a moment of deep breathing to calm herself she finally turned back and faced the five huge men. "Play time is officially over. The buses will be rearranged, the schedule will be adjusted, and things will be run my way or I will crack some skulls together."

Zander opened his mouth, but as if she had expected him to run his mouth, Emmie shot him a chilling glare that had him quickly snapping his mouth shut. "Axton and Devlin, grab your shit. Wroth and Liam, you too."

"Me?" Liam frowned. "But-"

"But nothing. You have a fucking boot over your cast. I'm seven months pregnant with a toddler along for the ride. We get the bedroom." She softened her tone as she stepped closer to him. "And I just wanted to say... I'm proud of you, Liam. You've been doing so great."

Liam swallowed hard, nodded his head sharply once, but otherwise didn't say a word. Emmie's praise had affected him enormously because it happened so rarely. Liam really had been doing a great job. Sure, he had his moments when he wanted to give up, but Linc had been helping him with that with more physical therapy exercises. According to Linc, exercise increased endorphins that helped with addiction cravings. Liam wasn't even taking his pain meds any more. Just a few Tylenol when his pain level got intense.

"I want Marissa on my bus if I'm switching," Wroth told Emmie.

"Sure. I don't care. I assume Harris will move onto the other bus as well, so there will be plenty of room for her." She sighed and stepped back. "Okay, fuckers. Let's get going. We have to be in New Jersey tomorrow for the next show. Oh, and Zander? You have merchandise duty. You'll be signing from five to seven thirty at our booth." A groan came from Zander that sounded like it had been forced from him through torture. "Devlin, you take over after the show until two. I will be checking to make sure that you both show up and are there the entire time. Don't make me hunt your asses down. I will make you sorry."

I pushed away from the wall where I had been standing shamelessly watching the ball busting show Emmie had just put on for my enjoyment. Everyone but Axton left to do as Emmie had instructed. Axton wrapped his arm around Emmie's shoulders and kissed her forehead. "You look exhausted. Go lie down."

Seeing how gentle Axton was with Emmie made my already soft heart start to melt all over again. Sure, I'd heard the gossip and the rumors about Axton and Emmie. How Axton was in love with her and how Emmie would probably be with Ax if it weren't for her getting pregnant with Mia out of the blue. The former one I could see why people would think that and speculate. It was obvious that he cared about her, but I saw nothing more than affection and adoration that was more for a family member than a lover. As for the latter? I didn't believe that one. At all. Emmie and Nik had something that I would admit only to myself that I wanted from my own relationship with Axton. Mia or no Mia, I was sure that Nik and Emmie would have always been together. They had the kind of love that would stand the test of time.

Besides, it wasn't like Axton had inked Emmie's name on his skin. I gritted my teeth, trying to fight back the wave of jealously the thought of Gabriella's name on my man's wrist caused. It ate at my soul like a cancer. I tried to fight it, but that evil bitch jealousy kept hitting back. Right where it hurt the most. My heart.

As I reached the two I saw Emmie's shoulders droop, and with a small smile in my direction she nodded her head. "Okay. I wanted to call Nik too. Mia's probably asleep so I can talk to him without her throwing a tantrum."

"It's only for a few weeks, Em. Nik will be back from the UK and able to join us before we get to Ohio."

Her chin trembled for a moment before she clenched her jaw and nodded again. "Yeah. I'll see you two later." She hugged him tightly for a moment then headed toward the buses.

Axton watched her walk away until she was out of sight before turning to me with a grin on his face. "Well, looks like you won't be able to hide from me now."

I laughed and rolled my eyes at him. "I know. Damn. Guess I'll just have to lock my door at night." Sharing a bus didn't bother me anymore. Not after the last few days. When I'd stopped trying to hide the truth from myself about how much I loved him, I'd realized that attempting to set boundaries was useless. Why keep so much distance between us when it obviously made both of us miserable?

He wrapped his arms around my waist and lowered his head until our lips were nearly touching. "Wanna share a roost? I promise not to take advantage of you in your sleep."

I tilted my head back just enough to meet his eyes. "But what if I want you to take advantage?"

Hazel eyes lightened to green and I was rewarded with the sight of those freaking sexy-as-hell gold flecks. "Then I am screwed. I would love to take advantage of you, baby. But we will both have to be good. Mia and Harris will be on the bus with us."

I pouted up at him. "But, babe!"

Axton grinned and finally brushed his lips across mine. "Minx. You're so freaking adorable when you pout like that." Another kiss, which I took advantage of by sucking on his pierced bottom lip for a moment, and then he was pushing me in the direction Emmie had just gone. "Go. I'll be there after I get my stuff. But I was serious about wanting to share a roost. I haven't been sleeping that great on the other bus. I need you wrapped around me, hogging the covers, to get comfortable."

"I might hog the covers, but you hog the bed. That's why I have to wrap myself around you, otherwise I would fall out of bed." Of course that wasn't true. Axton kept to the middle of the bed and I could only get comfortable when I was pushed up against him with my head using his chest as a pillow and one arm over his waist. His confession that he couldn't sleep without me was doing crazy things to my heart, but the same was true about my own sleeping habits lately. The only time I got a good night's sleep was when I slept in the same bed with him. Whether we made love that night or not.

On my way to the bus, I passed a grumbling Wroth, without Marissa. Frowning I kept walking, knowing that if I tried to talk to the ex-marine now it would not be pretty. Wroth in a temper was not something I liked to experience first-hand. When I stepped onto the bus it was to find Harris sitting on the couch watching a movie, but no sign of his father or Marissa. I wished him a good night and kept going.

I stopped long enough to use the bathroom then brushed my teeth at the small sink outside the bathroom. When I was done I went straight to my roost and climbed in. I had the middle roost on the left side while Linc had the one directly above mine. I wasn't sure who was going to take the one below mine, but if Marissa was still going to be on this bus then I knew that someone most likely would.

As I scooted until I was against the wall of the roost, I thought I heard a small hiccup and paused to listen closer. It didn't come again, but I was sure that I had heard it-the kind of hiccup that accompanied crying. Shaking my head, I pulled my cell from my jeans before kicking them off and pushing them with my foot to the end of the bed.

Checking my phone, I saw that I had a few missed calls and texts. Two from my dad and one text from Harper. Opening it I snorted as soon as I saw the picture of her on the beach in front of her house in Santa Monica. She was in her bikini with Shane wrapped around her. Of course his lips were touching her neck, because Shane Stevenson's lips were always finding their way to some part of Harper's gorgeous body.

That right there was another relationship that I was jealous of. Shane and Harper had their Carl and Ellie love life-their words to describe their relationship, not mine. It was adorable the way Shane loved Harper so fiercely, and their sex life was... Porn-star worthy was the only real way to describe it.

"Dallas?"

At the sound of Axton's voice I couldn't help but smile. Rolling over I pulled back the curtain that provided privacy for my roost. He stood there with his pillow and blanket, and yeah, my heart melted all over again. Stupid fucking heart, but I'd already promised myself I wasn't going to fight this. He was with me now, not the troll bitch.

"Hi," I murmured.

His brow wrinkled as he grinned at me. "Hi, yourself. Changed your mind yet?"

"Maybe." I shrugged. "We should discuss the terms and conditions again."

Hazel eyes narrowed on me. "Let's hear them."

"I must have kisses. Lots and lots of kisses. Before bed, every morning, and in between the two. Should you go five minutes in my presence without giving me a kiss, then that's grounds for dismissal from my bed."

"Done." He placed his pillow on the bed. "Anything else?"

"Not for now. But this is an open contract. I can add other conditions at any time." I grabbed his hand and tugged him closer. With his grumbled "agreed" I sucked his pierced bottom lip into my mouth and nipped on it before releasing him. "Welcome to Casa de Dallas. Make yourself at home."

Axton

Rock On The Range.

It was only one of the few events that brought rock fans together for a three-day event that celebrated everything rock-n-roll. One hundred thousand plus people. Three stages of some of the best bands in the rock world? Check. Mosh pits? Check. People crowd surfing? Check. People passed out drunk on a wet lawn or in a dark, cool corner? Double check. The smell of marijuana in the air? Of course. Chicks walking around topless, no matter the size of their tits or the fact that they didn't exactly have the body for it? Fuck yeah! Why the hell wouldn't they? It was Rock On The Range, bitches.

And OtherWorld was closing Saturday night on the main stage. It was something that announced how fucking awesome a band was to be closing on Saturday night. Closing on Friday was okay, because it got everyone pumped for more, and Sunday was when everyone was fighting their hangovers and just ready to make the trip home so the crowd was only a small fraction of what it should be.

Saturday? Saturday was perfect.

Demon's Wings had closed on Saturday the year before, so I was more than stoked to be part of the closing this year. With Nik on board my tour bus with his very, very-VERY-pregnant wife, I was sure he was going to make sure that I didn't live down the fact that he had closed a ROTR first. The fucker.

The bus pulled to a stop late Saturday morning and everyone was wide awake and ready to party. Especially Mia. She knew most of the bands that we were friends with and wanted to say hi immediately. Those we didn't know personally? She would no doubt wrap them around her pretty little finger in no time. And the ones that were pricks? Her daddy and her Uncle Axton would kick their fucking asses until they played by Mia's rules.

For OtherWorld, today was not just about performing that night. We had obligations. Monster had their own booth and we would have to go over and make an hour-long appearance. Wroth and Liam were expected at the Fender tent, to sign guitars and meet fans. Then we would all take turns at our own merchandise tents set up outside the arena, signing anything that fans happened to buy or bring. It was going to be a long day. And I planned on eating lots of junk food, drinking plenty of Monster, and listening to some kick-ass music with Dallas.

Of course, I had one more obligation. One that I didn't want to mention to anyone, especially my girlfriend.

Gabriella was performing today on stage two. She'd already emailed me twice about it, using it as an excuse so that she could check on Liam since the tabloids had stopped following his recovery process over six weeks ago because it just wasn't entertaining enough now that he was doing so much better. I was supposed to perform the song we did together back when we first started dating.

That song alone should have told me that Gabriella hadn't been the one for me. She'd written "Shatter Me" about her cousin Alexis. Alexis had gone through a bad breakup with her now husband and she had fallen apart emotionally. After recording the song with OtherWorld, Gabriella had rushed to get the video shot so that she could use it to break Alexis and Jared up again. It had worked.

Big time.

Fortunately, Alexis and Jared had finally gotten back together and now had a beautiful son. If nothing else, Gabriella wouldn't change that one little thing. Jordan was her favorite person in the world. It was for Jordan's safety that she had ended things the way she had with Liam in the first place.

I didn't want Dallas to know about performing with Gabriella and her band. Things were perfect with us for a change. Neither one of us had actually said the words 'I love you', but I could see them in her eyes. And while I hadn't been able to voice them myself, I tried to show her with everything I did for her how much she meant to me.

The fact that I was adopting Kenzie? It had brought us even closer. All of Dallas's walls were down, and had stayed down from the moment I had told her that I was adopting the girl who had touched my heart in just a matter of minutes after meeting her.

With Emmie's help, the paperwork was being rushed through, and by the time the tour was over in a few days, I-and hopefully along with Dallas-would be going back to Baltimore and picking up Kenzie. The kid had no idea about the adoption, but I had emailed her a few times to see how she was doing, and I was hoping to surprise her. I'd promised her that things were going to get better that night at the little mom and pop restaurant, and I meant that completely.

I didn't care that Kenzie was going to be eighteen soon. That poor kid had no one when she did turn eighteen and I wanted to make sure that she was okay. Ever since that night I'd met her and she had told me about her parents, I couldn't help but think in some way her parents had sent her to me. They had known that I would meet their precious daughter and immediately want to protect her.

Mostly I just wanted to make sure that she was safe, eating enough, and getting everything that she needed. Dallas and I had actually talked about Kenzie's future. I'd told her my plans for Kenzie-the same plans that I hoped would include Dallas too. Once Kenzie had graduated, which would be in just a few short weeks from what Kenzie had told me in her last email, we would head out to California and Kenzie could pick whatever college she wanted to go to. I didn't care where it was. I'd get her an apartment, a few credit cards and fix her up a trust fund. I wasn't expecting her to call me Dad or any shit like that. I was thirty-four years old to her seventeen. NO, I didn't think I was going to want her to call me Dad.

Unless...she wanted to. I mean, I was okay with that if she wanted to.

As we stepped off the bus, the doors of the second bus opened and Wroth and the others climbed down. Like good little soldiers, we lined up in front of Natalie and a very pregnant Emmie. Since she was eight months pregnant, she wouldn't be able to fly home next week when the tour was over so she, Nik and Mia would be taking the bus back to their home in Malibu.

I was going to miss her like crazy just like I did every time we were on opposite sides of the country. I was hoping that once Dallas and I picked up Kenzie we would all go back to California and find a house there. I had a penthouse on both sides of the country, but a house for the three of us would be much better. A place that we could call ours.

Nik, with Mia riding on his shoulders, stepped up beside his wife. As soon as Demon's Wings' obligations were done in the UK, Nik had been on the first flight out. The moody Emmie had disappeared the moment she had seen Nik when he had surprised her at our Delaware show. Of course, moody Emmie had come back with a vengeance a few days later when she had to separate Liam and Wroth on the buses just as she had Zander and Devlin, switching out Linc for Liam on my bus, because of Wroth and Marissa's breakup from a relationship that Marissa insisted hadn't been a relationship after all. Confusing females.

Confusing females that were tearing my damn band apart. If things didn't change and in a hurry, I didn't know if we would even be a band by the time our fall tour started with Demon's Wings. The paps had gotten wind of the stressed relationship between Z and Devlin, and the rumor mill was going bonkers over if the tour would take place in the fall, or even if we would last the rest of this tour.

I was seriously starting to wonder the same things.

Natalie stepped forward with a stack of papers in her hands. As she stopped in front of each of us, she picked out an itinerary that had our names on them. I saw mine and noticed that Emmie had already scheduled my time with Gabriella on stage two later. I shot her a look and she shrugged before nodding toward Dallas who was getting her own itinerary.

Dallas frowned at the single sheet of paper that Natalie handed her. "What's this?"

"The medic tent is short on staff. I need you to take an hour shift to let a few of the paramedics take a lunch break," Emmie explained with a straight face, her hands rubbing over her distended belly tenderly. "That isn't a problem, is it?"

Dallas shook her head. "No, of course not. I'm more than happy to help out."

Emmie gave her a beaming smile. "Thanks, I really appreciate it. Other than that little bit of time, the rest of the day is yours to do with as you please." The smile dimmed as her gaze went to the rest of us. "I expect you to be where you are supposed to be in the timeframes listed. They know when you are supposed to appear and have been instructed to let me know if you don't follow through."

Her gaze went straight to Devlin as she said it. He hadn't shown at his last signing duty two days ago. Instead he had gone to some bar and gotten shit face drunk before trying to push his way onto the other bus where Natalie had been asleep. If Linc hadn't been there to keep Dev out, who knows what kind of shit would have hit the fan. My drummer was a freaking ghost of the man he had been at the beginning of the tour. Not only had things turned ugly between him and Zander as well as Natalie, but Dev's relationship with his son was tense. As close as Dev and Harris had been since the death of Harris's mother, it was heart wrenching to see how things were now.

"If I get a call from anyone, no one will be able to protect you from my wrath." The nostrils of Emmie's cute little nose flared. "So don't go crying to Nik or Axton thinking they can save you."

With the last of the itineraries handed out, Natalie stepped back next to Emmie. "If you need anything, Natalie will be on hand to assist at each tent. Except for the merchandise tents. You will have the roadies to help you there. I will be over at the Monster tent most of the day if you need me for anything."

"And I get to crowd surf with my daddy!" Mia exclaimed, effortlessly putting an end to any other admonishments we might have gotten.

"The hell you say?" Emmie narrowed her eyes first on Mia then on Nik, who was trying to look innocent but not able to pull it off with his three-year-old enthusiastically nodding her head. "Let's have a talk." She grabbed his arm and pulled him away, already muttering curses under her breath so that Mia wouldn't hear.

Dallas turned to glance at my schedule. Thankfully the time marked off for Gabriella wasn't titled as such. It just said TB, which I was pretty sure meant Troll Bitch. Emmie was subtle like that. "Looks like we both have something to do at five. What do you want to do until you have to go over to the Monster thing?"

I wrapped my arm around her shoulders, pressed a kiss to the top of her head, and started stirring her toward the smell of food. "I want to pig out on the best noodles in the freaking world, grab you a Jack Daniels punch, and me a Monster. Then we are going to check out some bands with the other fans, before I take you over to the merchandise tents and buy you a bunch of crap that you don't need but that I want you to have anyway."

She stopped and glared up at me. "Really?"

"What?" I hoped she wasn't going to get mad at me for wanting to buy her things again. A few weeks ago we had had a fight over my buying her random things that she didn't need. I didn't want to start this day off with a fight when our relationship had been so blissfully fight-free for so long.

"The best noodles in the world? Not possible." She smirked and grabbed my hand, entwining our fingers. "But I'll let you try to convince me."

"You're such a bitch sometimes, you know that?"

"I know. What's your point?" she asked with a sassy wink.

I sighed with mock exasperation. "I really enjoy that part of you, baby."

"My bitchiness?" She raised her brows. "But just the other night you said you enjoyed-"

I jerked her around and sealed her lips with mine, stopping the very inappropriate words that were about to come out of her saucy mouth in front of my bandmates, roadies, and God. After a long moment I pulled back a little. "I enjoy them both equally. Now shut up and let me feed you."

"Ah, babe. You're so romantic."

We were in the middle of the crowd around stage two, listening to Thousand Foot Krutch and sharing a beer. The crowd was getting a little rowdy so I arranged Dallas in front of me and wrapped my arms around her waist from behind. Around us, fans were watching the stage intently or crowd surfing. If they noticed me they didn't show it, and for that I was glad. I just wanted to relax with my girl for a little longer.

After taking a sip of the beer in her hand, Dallas handed the bottle to me with a grimace. "I'm not feeling so good all of a sudden," she yelled to be heard over the music.

I downed the rest of the beer and tossed it in the closest trash can before taking her hand and leading her out of the crowd. When I reached a more private spot I turned to check her over. Her face was pale and she had sweat on her upper lip and across her forehead, even though it was only in the sixties today because of a rainstorm that had been working its way across Ohio and West Virginia the last few days.

"Was it the noodles?" Had I fed her one of my favorite things at ROTR only to give her food poisoning? But wouldn't I have been sick by now too if that were the case?

Dallas shook her head. "This doesn't feel like food poisoning and you aren't feeling bad, are you?"

"I feel fine. Let's go over to the medic tent and get you something for your stomach." I tugged on her hand, but she shook her head again. "Baby, I don't want you to be miserable. They have Pepto and other things that will make you feel better."

"I have some on the bus. I'll go grab some and maybe lie down for a little while." She hugged her arms around my waist and leaned her head against my chest for a moment. "You have to be over at the Monster tent in a little while, babe. Don't worry about me."

"I don't want you to be alone if you aren't feeling well." My heart clenched at the thought of having to leave her when she was sick. What if she started throwing up? Damn it, I wanted to take care of her.

Dallas raised her head, and I could see that she was starting to feel worse by the way her eyes were looking. "I'll text Linc and he will come take care of me until you can, okay?" She kissed my cheek before stepping back. "Go. Don't make Emmie have to hunt you down," she said with a small smirk. "I don't think you want to get on her bad side."

Emmie was the least of my worries right then. My girl needed me, and I wanted her to pout and ask me to take care of her. If she did, then I would blow off the entire rest of the day for her. Fuck everything else. Fuck ROTR. Fuck Gabriella and anything else that needed my attention.

But Dallas just kissed me on the cheek again and pushed me in the direction of the Monster tent. "I'll text you if I need you, Ax."

"I'll have Nik check on you," I finally conceded. Nik would let me know if she was okay and he'd dealt with sick chicks before. The only time I'd had to deal with a sick chick before was the night Emmie had passed out from dehydration. My hands started to shake at the thought of that happening to Dallas. "I want to go with you, Dallas," I said, changing my mind quickly. My heart was pounding like crazy. She just had an upset stomach and I was freaking the fuck out.

She stared up at me for a long moment before her lips twitched in a small smile. "Okay. Walk me back to the bus. But when Linc shows up, you need to go meet the others. I don't want to be the cause for you disappointing your fans."

I would have disappointed the fucking world for her. Nothing was more important to me than her. Nothing.

As soon as we got back to the bus, I sat down on the couch with her head in my lap after she had taken a dose of Pepto. I started to wish that Linc wouldn't show up, but he did and I had to kiss Dallas goodbye. Linc took my seat, and started combing his fingers through her hair like I had been doing. As I stood there, looking down at her, I nearly choked on the words 'I love you' in an attempt to keep them from spilling out. This wasn't the time, though. I didn't want her to remember the first time I told her how I felt by also remembering how sick she was.

With one last kiss to her forehead I told Linc to call me if Dallas got worse and reluctantly headed back out into the masses.

Over the next few hours I did my job, but my head wasn't in it. Every five minutes I was checking my phone to make sure Linc or Dallas hadn't texted me. I sent Nik over to the bus to check on her, and when he didn't come back or call right away I got worried. My mind flashed with images of having to take her to the hospital because she was too ill to lift her head.

Someone nudged my shoulder from behind and I turned to glare at the culprit only to find Emmie standing there frowning up at me. "What's wrong with you?"

"Dallas isn't feeling well. She's back at the bus and I want to be there with her."

"Why didn't you say something earlier?" she demanded. "I could have gotten you out of half this shit. Damn it, Axton. We need to communicate a little better. Family before anything else. Understand?"

"Yeah, Em." I glanced at my watch. Damn it. I had to be over at stage two with Gabriella in five minutes. "Can you get me out of this?"

"If you had left me with more than a few minutes, of course I could have. But she's already been on stage for thirty minutes, dumbass. As much as I would love to make her look like an idiot, my professionalism won't let me." Emmie punched me in the arm. "Go on. I'll check on Dallas and see if she needs anything." When I started to open my mouth to tell her to text me she cut me off. "Don't worry. I'll call you, but I'm sure she's fine."

Dropping a kiss on Emmie's cheek, I headed off to do the one thing I hoped Dallas didn't find out about today. I was feeling guilty about keeping it from her and I hadn't even done anything wrong.

By the time I reached the second stage it was nearly time for Gabriella and her band to pack it up so that the next band could start setting up. I climbed the stairs and moved to the side of the stage so she could see me as she finished her last song.

As the last notes of her violin filled the air and the fans went crazy screaming her name, she left the stage glaring at me hard. "Where the fuck have you been?"

"I've had other shit to deal with today, Brie. You aren't my only obligation. Just be thankful I'm here at all," I snapped and she shut her mouth but continued to glare at me. I rolled my eyes. "We doing this or not?"

"You're such a fucking douchebag, Ax."

"Tell me something I haven't heard yet, sweetheart. Now get your little ass out there and let's do this or I'm gonna take care of something a million times more important than you and this bullshit." My days of putting anything other than Dallas first were over. This was the last time I ever let something else stand in my way of my girl.

Still glaring at me, she shot me the finger before going back onto the stage where her band was waiting patiently and the fans were screaming for more. "One more song!" she screamed and the crowd started yelling in agreement. "This is something that I wrote a few years ago and has a special place in my heart."

I rolled my eyes again, knowing that the crowd was going to be thinking that the song was about me and her. It was what all the paps had reported when the song had first gotten popular and neither of us had ever corrected them.

A roadie handed me a microphone and I waited where I was while Gabriella started with her violin. I didn't have to step in until a third of the way in to the song so I tapped my foot to the beat so that I didn't get lost in my own thoughts. When I finally stepped out onto the stage, singing along with Gabriella, the fans went crazy and I had to adjust my earpieces so that I didn't go deaf from them alone.

Normally when I would perform this song with Gabriella like this, we would stand close and look at each other. Not happening today. I worked the stage, reaching out to shake hands with a few of the male fans standing close to the stage, which had a fence and security guards standing between them. Some chick handed me a red rose and I blew her a kiss and winked at her before turning back toward the other side of the stage.

The song was nearly over when I glanced out across the sea of fans and saw Liam standing in the crowd. He was watching Gabriella closely, but she was in the moment, her violin like an extinction to her arm the way she was playing so effortlessly. When I glanced back at Liam he was walking away, but I saw a slight hunch to his shoulders and grimaced.

Fucking chicks were going to be the end of my band and there was nothing I could do about it.

Dallas

My stomach was starting to feel better, but my mind wouldn't fucking shut up. The nurse in me was going over my symptoms and trying to figure out what had brought on the sudden nausea that had left me vomiting most of the afternoon.

I wasn't one to get sick easily. In my line of work you had to have a strong stomach and I prided myself on having the strongest. I'd seen guts spill out of a person onto the ER floor for the love of God. I could count the times I'd had a stomach virus in my entire life on one hand. This wasn't a stomach bug, though. Nausea was all that I had.

So I had to start thinking about what else had been going on in my life lately that could have made me be sick the way I had been. As I stood in the shower, washing some vomit from my hair because Linc had been a little slow to pull my hair out of my way as I was retching the first time, I started adding them up as I mentally checked out my body.

My breasts had been tender lately. More so than I was used to before a period, which was due to start in a few days. I'd been having headaches on and off lately but just put that down to the change in the seasons and a sign of sinus issues. I was feeling bloated a lot since my last period... Which hadn't been as heavy as I was used to...

With a groan, I hit my head against the wall of the shower stall. Once. Twice. The third time didn't knock any sense into me so I stopped. I should have listened to that bitchy voice the first time she'd opened her mouth. But what had I done? Told her to fuck off.

All because I didn't want Axton to wear a condom the first time. And ever since that first time without, I'd asked him to do it again and again. I'd been keeping up with my menstrual cycle to make sure that it was always a safe time to go without a condom, but Mother Nature wasn't always spot on and loved throwing curve balls into the loop. That fucking bitch.

Could I be pregnant?

A million things flashed through my mind all at once with that one question. Was I ready to be a parent? Did I want to have a kid with Axton Cage? Had I gotten pregnant on purpose to trap the man I loved?

Then there was the one question that broke my heart, not because it affected me or Axton or even the possible baby I could be carrying...

What was this going to do to Harper?

My best friend was destroyed because she had found out she might never have a child of her own. Here I was, unsure how I even felt about the mere possibility of being pregnant, while she might never experience even the joy of a child growing inside of her. My hand went to my flat stomach and my heart clenched. Damn it, it wasn't fair.

Swallowing hard I turned the water off, stepped out and dried in a rush. After pulling fresh clothes on I practically ran through the bus. Nik, Mia and Linc were still sitting where I had left them ten minutes ago, but Emmie was now sitting beside Nik with her feet in his lap.

"Hey, how are you feeling?" Emmie asked, concern in her big green eyes.

"Um..." I didn't know how to answer that question. If it were just Linc there I would have blurted out what I thought was wrong with me. I might have even done it if it were just Emmie and Linc, but not with Nik and Mia there too. It didn't feel right to say something to Nik before I told Axton. "I need to go to the store for a few things, but I'm feeling better."

"Give me a list and I'll have one of the roadies go to the store for you," Emmie assured me.

"No!" There was no fucking way I was sending a roadie to the store for a pregnancy test. Or six. "It will be better if I do it myself. I know exactly what I need. I thought I saw a drugstore on the corner a few blocks over so I thought I would just walk over... And hey, I'm sorry I didn't make it over to the medic tent to relieve them."

Emmie's eyes were narrowed on me, but she shrugged. "No biggie. You weren't feeling well, so they can suck it for all I care. I'll arrange for a car to take you wherever you need to go, Dallas. And take someone with you. It will make Ax freak out less when I tell him you left for supplies."

My gaze went straight to Linc and he stood without hesitation. "Let's go."

By the time we got out the gates, a car was waiting for us already. I told the driver to take me to the closest drugstore. Linc and I were both quiet as we rode. He kept shooting me concerned glances and I pretended I didn't notice. It was so out of character for me that I knew it was worrying him even more than my vomit-fest earlier.

In the drugstore, the feminine products were down the same aisle as the pregnancy tests. Linc didn't say a word until I passed the row of tampons that he knew I usually used. I kept my eyes down as I kept walking and he started cursing under his breath. Tears blurred my vision as I stopped in front of the tests and picked up two different brands. I took them both and picked up another one. I knew that one was all that I needed, but hey, I wanted to make sure.

The woman at the counter didn't even question me as I placed the tests on the counter. She glanced at Linc a few times, licked her lips twice then handed me my change. I cleared my throat, getting rid of some of the tears still clogging my vocals. "Do you have a bathroom I can use?"

"Sure thing, honey. It's all the way in the back near the pharmacy. Take your time."

I nodded my head jerkily and headed for it. Without a word, Linc followed me into the women's room and we locked the door. He leaned against the wall, and I sat and peed on all three sticks before setting them on the top of the toilet paper dispenser. With a sigh I washed my hands then sat back down on the closed toilet seat. It didn't bother me that Linc had just watched me pee. This man had been with me through a lot worse things than watching me use the bathroom.

My chin started trembling because normally it wasn't just him that went through things this major with me. I missed Harper and ached to call her with each second that passed. If it were anything else I would call her right now and she would stay on the phone with me until I knew for sure. But this would hurt her in a way I wasn't sure I could handle. I knew she would be strong and would be there for me no matter what, but I couldn't do that to her. Not yet.

"Has it been three minutes yet?" I whispered and Linc checked his watch before nodding. He'd read the boxes as I had opened each one and knew that it would take at least three minutes to get any results.

I glanced at the three sticks then back down at my hands. Linc pushed away from the wall and crouched down in front of me. With his left hand he reached for one of the sticks while his right caught mine and our fingers entwined, telling me without words that no matter what he had my back.

My eyes closed, too much of a coward to look. My stomach was starting to protest again because the bathroom was warm and smelled of cleaning chemicals. "Dallas? Do you want a kid?"

It was the question I had been expecting him to ask from the moment that I picked up the pregnancy tests, but he had held it in until now. I didn't know what answer I would have given him if he had asked me before I had peed on those sticks, but the last three minutes I'd been thinking hard about it. Part of me was beyond terrified of the simple possibility. But another part, a part that was getting bigger and bigger by the minute, was kind of excited about the idea of a baby.

"Maybe," I whispered, opening my eyes and meeting his calm gaze.

A small smile tilted his lips. "Okay, let's check what the results are, then. Together."

"This will hurt Harper..."

Linc grimaced. "A little, but she loves you. She will be more happy than hurt, I promise. Now look at the freaking stick, woman. As much as I love you I'm tired of touching your piss."

Sticking my tongue out at him I took the stick and finally glanced down at it. When I saw the results, I grabbed the next test, and then the next. My heart stopped for a moment, then started up at twice its normal speed. Thinking something and then having the proof whether or not it was true in front of your face were two different things.

And here was my proof.

I wasn't pregnant.

The disappointment that washed over me was something I wasn't expecting. New tears spilled from my eyes and I blinked them away as fast as I could. Images of a little boy who was a mixture of me and Axton vanished in a puff of smoke and I felt like I'd just lost something incredibly special. "But... I was sure."

"It's negative?" Linc took the tests from me then looked at the boxes again to confirm. "It says it could take up to five minutes on this one, Dallas. Maybe we should just wait a little longer."

I shook my head, letting the new tears fall. "No. It's okay. I'm not pregnant. I-I probably just have a little bit of a bug."

"I'm getting you another test." He stood and left the bathroom before I could say another word, leaving me alone with a pain that I'd never felt before. Was this what Harper had felt when the doctors had told her she wasn't going to have her own baby? My heart broke all over again for my friend.

Linc was back in less than two minutes and shoving two more tests at me. "Take them," he commanded and picked up the three tests I'd already taken.

I didn't feel up to arguing so I peed on two more sticks. As soon as I was done I washed my hands again, but I didn't want to wait around for the results this time when I knew that it would just make me more depressed. "I just want to go back to the bus and go to bed."

"Dallas, wait." Linc stopped me as I opened the door. "Just look at the tests again. For me. If nothing changes I'll throw these other two tests away and we can forget this ever happened. Okay?"

"Linc..."

"Just one look, Dallas. It won't hurt anything. One little look." He held out the three sticks and I reluctantly took them. "Look at them."

The trip to the drugstore took longer than expected. By the time we got back to the arena it was getting dark. Glancing at my phone I saw that it was less than an hour before OtherWorld went on stage. I also had five missed text messages from Axton and one from Emmie.

I didn't know what to say to either of them in a text so I ignored the messages and put my phone away. I was still an emotional mess and I had thrown up twice while I had taken three more tests before we had left the drugstore. Just to be sure.

Linc was with me every step of the walk back to the bus where I changed clothes again because I'd gotten vomit on my shirt. When I was clean I went searching for Axton. Knowing that he would probably be with Emmie getting the stage set up for the closing show tonight I headed straight for the main stage.

But I didn't get past the second line of buses before I saw Axton. My heart leapt at the sight of him standing there talking with Liam. As I walked closer I saw that they weren't alone. Gabriella was with them and she was visibly upset. She had tears streaming down her face and she was spitting Italian out fast and feverishly.

Liam just stood there and watched her with what appeared to be dead eyes at first glance with the light of the street lamps that were starting to come on, but at a closer look just masked what he was feeling. I was pretty sure he didn't understand half of what she was screaming at him, because I sure as hell didn't understand a word.

"I just want to be with you!" Gabriella switched to English on those last words, her small body shaking with emotion.

I stopped, not wanting to interrupt the emotional moment. I might not like the chick, but I wasn't going to embarrass her right then. Liam flinched then shrugged his shoulders like the douchebag I'd assumed he was the first time I'd met him, but now knew that he wasn't. "I don't want to be with you, Brie. Move on. I already have."

"You don't mean that, Liam. You can't."

"Go, Brie. You're just making a fool of yourself. We don't belong together, we never did. Go home and live the life you're supposed to lead without me there to mess it up for you." He turned, ready to walk away-or limp away in his case.

"What the fuck do you mean, the life I'm supposed to lead? I don't have a life without you." Liam kept walking and her tears fell faster. "Liam, don't," she pleaded brokenly.

His shoulders stiffened, but he kept walking. I remained where I was as I watched Axton's reaction to what looked like the end of Liam and Gabriella. His gaze followed Liam as he walked away, his jaw clenched as if he was pissed off at his friend. Why would he be mad at Liam? If anything I had expected him to be happy about them being over. Gabriella was going to be prime for the taking after this...

With a sob Gabriella threw herself against Axton's chest. He hadn't been expecting it and stumbled back a few steps before he wrapped his arms around her shoulders. The sight was like a stab to the heart. As I'd stood there, my heart in my throat, I'd been waiting for it to happen. For one of them to wrap their arms around each other. But fuck, now that I was actually seeing it I wanted to wipe that picture from my mind. It hurt too much to watch him comfort her.

My hurt at seeing them like this, on top of all the other emotional bullshit I'd gone through in the last few hours, brought out the bitch in me. It was my coping mechanism that had never failed me before, so I let her out with a vengeance. Clearing my throat loudly, I took the last few steps that would bring me into Axton's line of sight.

As soon as he saw me he seemed to jerk as if he'd been stabbed, and took two steps back from a still sobbing Gabriella who tried to cling. He shoved her hands away and stepped around her. "It's not what you think, I swear."

I nodded. "Yeah. I saw. Liam broke the troll bitch's heart, so she threw herself at you. And of course you were all too willing to offer comfort. Seems like a pattern. One I'm getting pretty fucking tired of."

"No," Axton said, shaking his head. "I wasn't comforting her. Damn it, she just threw herself against me. I didn't want her to fall."

"I'm sure. Why should she fall when big, strong Axton Cage is always willing to catch her? It's what happened the first time around, then again back in October, so I should be used to it. Right?" I glanced over his shoulder to find that Gabriella was walking away. Her shoulders were still shaking with her sobs, but she didn't give two shits that she had just ripped my heart apart.

That bitch knew that Axton would drop anything and everything if she wanted him to. She didn't care that when he did that it was a slap to my face, my pride. My fucking heart. And it was always going to be that way, because Axton Cage was in love with her, not me. I was nothing to him and I would never mean as much to him as she did.

"Dallas, baby, just listen..."

"I get it, Ax. Really I do. She had you first and she will always have you. But I can't live with being second. I won't live like that. For a little while I thought maybe I could deal with it, but I was just lying to myself." I swallowed hard, not wanting him to see that I was about to literally break into a million pieces at his feet. "This won't ever work the way I want it to."

"You don't know fucking shit!" he exploded and I found myself taking a quick step back at the rage shining at me from his eyes, not because I was scared he would hurt me, but because this was a side of Ax I'd never witnessed and it was more than a little intense. "Yes, I met her first, but it wasn't her. It was never her." He was yelling and each time I took a step back he took another forward, chasing after me. "She was just the chick I hid behind because I was too much of a pussy to go after what I thought I wanted back then. Trust me, sweetheart. It. Wasn't. Fucking. Her. I thought I was in love with Emmie!" He kept coming and I felt my heart clench at his words. "I probably still would have been delusional about that, loving my best friend in the world from the shadows, while she lived her happy ever after with a man I love and respect."

I shook my head in denial. "You aren't in love with Emmie." I'd watched Axton and Emmie closely for the last month. I knew for sure that what those two had was more like a brother and sister kind of relationship than anything else. While there was no blood relation between the two of them, Ax and Emmie were closer than any siblings. Over the years I'd seen the same thing with Emmie and Jesse, Drake, and Shane. They made up a crazy family, but the love that they all shared was something I'd only shared with Harper, Linc and Lana.

"Yeah. I know that. Now. It wasn't so clear a few years ago. Not until you fell into my life and opened my eyes. I was in love with you from the moment I kissed your perfect lips, Dallas. But I was still an idiot back then. I thought that if I played it cool, like I always do, that I wouldn't have to admit anything. Who wants to admit something that embarrassing? That I inked some toxic bitch's name on my skin to hide from something that wasn't even real? Because that was what happened." He grabbed the leather bracelet off his wrist, the one I'd never questioned because it had kept that tattoo out of sight. "Last October I realized that this one stupid mistake was keeping me from you more than anything else. Some stupid ink was putting up more walls than I would ever hope to break down. So I got it taken off."

My eyes focused on his now bare wrist and all the air seemed to suddenly be trapped in my lungs. It was gone. Completely. There wasn't even the slightest hint of what had once been there. My jealousy suddenly deflated and all I could do was stare. "Since..." I licked my lips. "Since October?"

Some of his own anger was starting to evaporate. "Yeah, baby. Since October. The same time I got the Prince Albert for you." He stepped closer, his hands going to my face to cup my jaw while his thumb rubbed over my cheeks. "I love you, Dallas. No one but you. I never, not for a minute, loved Gabriella. And you more than anyone know that while I love Em, I'm not in love with her."

I had to be dreaming. There was no other explanation for the words that I was hearing come out of his mouth. Words that I had been hoping to hear for so long now. His confession, on top of all the other things that had gone on that day were confusing me and I wasn't sure why I didn't open my mouth and tell him how I felt right then.

When I didn't speak, but stood there staring at him, Axton laughed a little forcefully. "Okay then. Good talk. I have to get going. I take the stage in like ten minutes."

Unable to find my voice, I simply nodded. My brain was trying to process everything that had just happened while my heart was yelling at me that I was an idiot and to tell him. Tell him. Tell. Him. I loved him. After another full minute of just staring at each other he nodded, kissed my lips quick and hard, and walked away.

Dallas

I stood there for five full minutes before my head caught up with everything. Axton's words were on repeat in my brain and my heart was sobbing with happiness.

I love you, Dallas.

I closed my eyes and sucked in a deep breath before doing what I should have done when he walked away. I ran after him.

The man I loved had just offered me the only thing I'd ever really wanted and I'd just stood there and watched him walk away... Without telling him I loved him back. Fuck, I was stupid, but at least I had a good excuse. Damn pregnancy brain had my head cloudy and making things take longer to compute than normal.

Which was another thing I needed to tell Ax. We were pregnant. I'd been so disappointed when I'd first seen the pregnancy tests, and I would have walked away and not looked back because of the pain I'd felt at seeing the negative signs. I owed Linc a lot for making me stay a little longer to check the tests again. Five full minutes after taking the first three tests they had shown positive. And the two after that? Positive. And the three after that? All positive.

I was pregnant, and hormonal. And so happy I was pretty sure that it was illegal in some countries.

Of course I'd messed it up. I'd let any chance of holding onto my greatest happiness walk away without a word. My mother was right. I was stupid. But that only encouraged me to do what I'd always done.

Prove that bitch wrong.

It was completely dark by the time I reached the inside of the arena where the main stage was. Lights were on everywhere but as soon as I stepped inside the arena I knew I was going to have a hard time reaching the front of the crowd to talk to Axton. The stands were full, and the field was overflowing with every one of the hundred thousand plus fans. The band had already taken the stage and Axton was singing their first song of the night.

All around me there were fans on their feet swaying to the music, singing along. There was a small clearing up closer to the stage, but I had learned quickly throughout this entire tour that that only meant one thing. Mosh pit. No way was my pregnant ass going close to a mosh pit. Fans were bouncing, pushing and shoving each other around. I wasn't going to chance getting to the stage that way.

At first I tried to push through the masses, but everyone was packed in tight. So I was left with only one other option. Swallowing a groan, I tapped on the shoulder of the man in front of me. He turned his head and I pointed upward. With a nod he lifted me easily and I got to experience crowd surfing for the first time ever.

If I hadn't been so scared that someone was going to drop me I would have actually enjoyed the experience. Hands of all colors and sizes kept me going on a wave and I was quickly pushed to the front of the crowd. Once I was there a bulky security guard lifted me off and I started to run toward the stage.

The security guard's hand on my wrist stopped me and I turned to glare at him. "I'm with the band."

He smirked at me. "That's what they all say. Back of the crowd, sweetheart."

"Fuck you, dickhead." I jerked my hand away and started climbing the stage. No way was I going to the back of the crowd when I'd just gotten to where I needed to be.

I was nearly up on the side of the stage when his arms wrapped around my waist and started tugging me back. I kicked out at him from behind. "Let me go, asshole!" I screamed, which got the attention of the two roadies standing on the side of the stage.

They quickly recognized me and one of them rushed over to help me while the other ran out on stage and grabbed Axton. He stopped singing immediately and turned his head, spotting me struggling with the guard, who was now winning the tug of war between him and the roadie who had come to help me.

"What the fuck!" he roared into the mic, making everyone in the crowd stop what they were doing and turn their attention to me. "Let my girl go, you motherfucker."

It took the guard a moment to realize that Axton was talking to him. When he did he dropped his hold on my waist and I nearly fell. Strong arms wrapped around my middle and pulled me up onto the stage. I was breathing hard from the struggle and tried to catch my breath as I wrapped my arms around him tight.

"Dallas, what are you doing?" Axton demanded, holding the mic away from him, but his voice still carried a little.

"I forgot something earlier," I told him, stepping back enough to see his face. He was sweating already from the heat of the spotlights on him, and his face was tense. Tense because I'd hurt him by not telling him I loved him earlier?

"What?" he asked with a frown.

"This," I whispered as I kissed him hard right there in front of more than a hundred thousand people.

Without hesitation his arms tightened around me and he kissed me back for a few seconds before pulling away. "Baby, I'm kind of in the middle of something here," he murmured with a smile.

"Sorry. Just one last thing and I'll let you get back to work, okay?" He nodded and I grabbed his microphone. My heart felt like it was going to explode out of my chest it was beating so fast, but I lifted the mic to my lips. "I love you."

The crowd hooted and snickered because it wasn't the first time a fan had gotten on stage just to tell a rock star that she loved him, but I didn't care about their reaction. My eyes were glued to Axton's as my words seemed to wash over him and his entire body jerked.

"W-what?" he whispered. "What did you say?"

Tears blinded me, but I blinked them away. "I love you, Axton. I have for a long time. I... I was just waiting-hoping-for you to say the words first. I need you more than I can ever tell you, but I love you twice as much."

From behind Axton I glimpsed Emmie standing in the corner just off stage with Nik right behind her. I expected her to have a murderous look on her face because I had interrupted the show, but she had a beaming smile on her face. Catching my eye she gave me an encouraging nod then winked. I grinned back, more confident for having gotten Emmie's approval.

On stage the other members of OtherWorld just stood there, gaping at us. I ignored them all, as I took half a step closer to Axton. "I'm sorry I interrupted your concert. I know that you were really looking forward to it. But I had to tell you... I couldn't let you go a minute longer without telling you how much I love you. I will always love you."

His throat worked as he tried to swallow. "Dallas... Fuck..." He closed his eyes and leaned his forehead against mine. "I love you so damn much, girl. So damn much it hurts. And earlier I was scared..." He swallowed hard again. "I was so fucking scared you were going to walk away."

I sighed. "I'm a bitch sometimes. But didn't you say that you enjoyed that about me?" I tried to tease.

He tried to smile, but the tears shining in his eyes brought more to my own eyes. "Yeah, I remember saying that. Don't pull that shit again, though. Okay?"

"I'll try my best, rock god. Now kiss me and get back to work."

Axton shook his head. "Not yet. There's something I need to do first." I raised a brow at him as he pulled away and stuck his hand in the front pocket of his jeans before dropping to both his knees.

My heart lifted to my throat and my mouth opened and closed like a fish as I stared down at him as if he had lost his mind. Because he had, right? What the hell was he doing on his knees?

He took the mic from my nerveless fingers and with that grin that never failed to melt my panties he held up a ring that rocked my world. Where the hell had he gotten a diamond that big while I wasn't paying attention? It was perfect. A princess cut pink diamond on a platinum band with smaller pink diamonds surrounding it. I was such a pushover for pink diamonds.

"Dallas Diana Bradshaw, will you marry me?"

The crowd had gotten so quiet that you could have heard a pin drop right then. I was speechless as I glanced from the ring to Axton's hazel eyes. This was real, right? I wasn't dreaming it like I'd suspected earlier when he had first told me he loved me? Right?

Ah, fuck. I didn't care if it was a dream or reality. I was taking it either way. "Yes. Yes. YES!" I screamed so loudly that the entire arena could hear me without the aid of the microphone.

Around us everyone cheered but I was deaf to it all as Axton put that perfect freaking ring on my finger and jumped to his feet to kiss me breathless. I clung to him, sucking his pierced bottom lip hard. I'd just said yes to Axton Cage. I was going to marry him...

And we were gonna have a baby.

Oh shit. I still needed to tell him. Putting my hands on his chest I pushed him back a little. "Um... There's something I gotta tell you." His eyes darkened and I knew he was probably thinking the worst. That I had just been screwing with him and that I wasn't really going to marry him. Fat chance. I'd marry him right then and there if Emmie could supply a minister and a marriage license-something I didn't doubt she could do even on a minute's notice.

Nerves took over again, though. Kids were not something we had ever talked about, although I had seen the way he was with Mia. He was going to make a great dad, but did he want to be one?

"Just spit it out, Dallas. You're fucking killing me here," he said with a laugh that was hoarse with emotion.

Grabbing hold of my courage, I leaned forward and whispered it into his ear. "I'm pregnant."

His immediate reaction scared me. I couldn't see his face with my lips so close to his ear, but his body stiffened up and I heard him suck in a deep breath. Biting my lip I pulled back just enough to meet his eyes. "You can't fucking tell me shit like that and expect me not to make love to you right here and now, Dallas," he said in a tight voice, but there was a grin on his face. "You're about to kill me with happiness here, baby, and I still have a show to do."

Giggling with pure happiness I wrapped my arms around his neck again. "Sorry, babe. I'll try harder."

He smacked his hand across my ass. "I love you, woman." A quick, hard kiss that made my toes curl and then he was stepping back. "Go stand with Em, while I try to finish this thing. We will talk as soon as I'm done."

Blowing him a kiss, I walked off stage and right into Emmie Armstrong's arms. She was practically dancing with excitement. "Oh my gods! That was the sweetest thing ever." She kissed my cheek. "Welcome to our fucked up family, Dallas."

Nik kissed my cheek. "What she said," he assured me with a grin.

When the music started up again I turned to watch my rock god do what he did best, and smiled the entire time.

Axton

My heart was about to jump out of my chest.

Somehow I kept my shit together long enough to close the show. By the reaction of the fans I must have done a good job because they were screaming for more. I could have sung the songs in my sleep I knew them so well, and I had my stage act down pat, so I wasn't really worried as I did the show I'd been looking forward to all year on autopilot. But I couldn't handle another minute without touching, kissing, holding my girl.

I barely gave anyone else a glance as I ran off stage and grabbed Dallas. Lifting her into my arms I carried her down the stairs and around the stage toward the exit. I didn't feel an ounce of her weight in my arms as I walked out of the arena, past the almost deserted merchandise stands and tents and out of the gates. Taxies were lined up along the side gate and I opened the back door of the first one I came to before placing her inside. When I was seated beside her I pulled her onto my lap and told the driver to take us to the Sheraton.

It took exactly ten minutes to get there, and I kept my lips on some part of Dallas at all times. When the driver pulled to a stop, a valet opened the door for us and I tossed a hundred dollar bill at the driver before getting out and reaching for my girl. I'd arranged for a hotel room earlier in the day because Dallas hadn't been feeling well and I wanted her to have a real bed and bathroom to herself tonight. Now we were going to put it to better use than I had originally planned.

The guy at the front desk kept giving Dallas a smile as I checked in and he handed over our keys. I just barely kept my possessive growl locked inside. Fucker needed to keep his damn eyes to himself or I was going to beat them out of his head. With a curt nod I picked Dallas up again and carried her to the elevators. When the doors were closed behind us and the elevator started moving upward to our floor, Dallas giggled. "You don't have to carry me everywhere, you know. I'm pregnant, not crippled."

"Shut up and let me enjoy this, woman." I kissed the tip of her nose.

She pursed her lips together, trying her best to fight a grin as the elevator rose. When the doors opened again I stepped out and carried her down the hall to our room. She put the keycard in to unlock the door and I opened it before kicking it shut behind us. The king size bed was welcoming and I placed her carefully in the center before kicking off my boots and falling down next to her.

Now that we were completely alone, I couldn't find the words to tell her what was going through my head. As if sensing it, Dallas cupped my cheek in one hand and traced her thumb over my lips. "I love you so much, Ax."

Like it had on stage earlier tonight, my throat closed up with emotion and I had to swallow hard to be able to even breathe for a moment. It felt like I'd been waiting my entire life for her to say those freaking words. "I love you too, baby." The words came out choked and hoarse and I cleared my throat. "I love you so fucking much, Dallas."

"I really am sorry about earlier. Seeing her wrapped up in your arms like that hurt and I went a little crazy. Why didn't you show me your wrist before tonight, though?" She grabbed my hand that was tattoo free and traced her fingertips over the skin that had once been inked.

"Because I wanted you to trust me first. I don't know. Hell." I blew out a tired sigh. "I hoped I could make you love me enough that you wouldn't care about that fucking tattoo."

She let out a small cry and I watched her chin tremble. "I've always loved you, Axton. Always. It was never about not loving you enough. But that tattoo was like a slap to the face every time I so much as thought about it. I know I don't have any right to be upset with your past, but that doesn't stop me from-"

I covered her lips to stop her flow of words. "Stop, I understand. But I need to know... Do you believe me now that it was never Gabriella? That I was never in love with her?"

Her blue eyes darkened for a long moment and then finally she nodded. "Yeah, I believe you. She was your beard. And I can even understand why you might have thought you were in love with Emmie at one point, especially after meeting your mom. Em was the first chick to love you unconditionally."

I nodded my head and kissed her lips again, happy that she got it. "Yeah, that's exactly how it was. But the moment I met you, kissed you, held you in my arms and made you mine, I knew that everything I'd ever felt for Emmie didn't come close to what really being in love with someone was about. I love you so damn much, Dallas, and I'm sorry that it's taken this long to man up and just tell you how I feel."

"There's something I really need to know, though..." I frowned down at her and she grinned. "Where the hell did you get this kick ass ring at?"

A snort of laughter escaped me and I grabbed her hand that now held my ring, brought it to my lips and kissed her fingers one at a time. "Emmie is magic. She can get anything you want if you give her enough time. I told her what I wanted, something big and pink and she rolled her eyes and snapped her fingers and it appeared in my hands three days later."

We lay there for a while just holding each other. I was exhausted after the long day, but I wasn't anywhere close to falling asleep. By the steady breathing coming from Dallas, I knew she wasn't asleep either. It felt great just lying there with her in my arms, knowing for sure now that she was going to be mine for the rest of our lives.

I kept skipping over the news Dallas had surprised me with earlier, though, but finally I had to face it. Dallas was pregnant. I'd be lying to myself if I said I hadn't been hoping for her to get pregnant every time we hadn't used protection. Every time we would make love without a condom, I would have a flash of thought, that if she got pregnant then at least I would have that part of us no matter what. Then I would hate myself for thinking that because it would be the same as trapping her into a relationship she didn't want.

"I didn't get pregnant on purpose."

Dallas's whispered statement jolted me out of my own guilty musing. Obviously we were on the same wavelength if we were thinking the same thing. "I know that... And I didn't get you pregnant on purpose... Okay, maybe I was hoping it would happen, but I wasn't doing it on purpose."

She turned on her side quickly. "You wanted me to get pregnant?" Her blue eyes were bright with happiness. "Really?"

I lifted a shoulder in a half shrug. "Yeah. I wanted to at least have that to hold onto you with."

"So you're happy about the baby?" My eyes narrowed at her question. "I just need to make sure, Ax. Our lives have changed in big ways today. I need you to tell me that you are happy about this baby. I know that you have plans. That Kenzie is going to be a part of your future, and I don't want this baby to make you feel..."

"We can all be a family. And I don't plan on pushing Kenzie to accept us as her family. I just want to make sure she's okay. If she wants to be a part of our family-me, you, and the little rocker in here..." I cupped my hand over her still-flat stomach, imagining that I was touching our baby that was growing in there, "...then I would love that, but if she wants to be on her own, that's fine too. I love you, Dallas."

A tear fell from her eyes and spilled onto her cheek. Leaning forward I kissed it away. The small caress of my lips on her cheek was like flint to dry kindling and I pushed her onto her back, covering her body with my own. Dallas spread her legs, welcoming me between her thighs with a moan of pure pleasure. "How are you feeling?" I asked, needing to know if she was still feeling sick before I went any further.

"Right this minute my stomach isn't even on my mind. My pussy is drenched for you, babe." She arched her back, pushing her jeans-clad pussy harder against my throbbing dick. "Make love to me."

Without hesitating I reached for the hem of her shirt and pulled it over her head before making quick work of her jeans, leaving her lying before me in just her panties and bra. Fuck, she was so beautiful. And all mine.

I took my time with her, slowly kissing every bare inch of her before undoing her bra and making a meal of those perfect tits. She cried out my name as I sucked one hard nipple into my mouth, her nails biting into the back of my neck as she held me against her. She tasted fresh and clean, with just a hint of something else that was completely her. Turning my head I took her other nipple deep, sucking harder on it than I had its twin.

While I made a meal of her tits my hands explored the rest of her body. Caressing up and down her sides, over her hips and between her legs. Her inner thighs were silky smooth and soft. I traced hearts over the delicate skin there with my thumb, unable to keep from showing her how much I loved her for even a minute. Moving higher I traced a heart over her damp panties, drawing a whimper from her lips.

"I want you inside of me, Ax."

I lifted my head from her delicious breast. "Soon, baby. I'm having fun." She made a protesting sound from deep in her throat but I ignored her as I kissed down her stomach, pausing just under her belly button ring to press a kiss there that had nothing to do with the desire burning through my blood. "Stay safe in there, kiddo."

"I love you, Ax," Dallas breathed, running her hands through my hair tenderly as I lingered on the spot I figured was where our baby was growing.

"Love you more, baby," I assured her as I went back to kissing toward my favorite spot on her body.

Her hips arched off the bed as my mouth hovered over her panty covered mound. "Please, Ax. Please."

"Shh, shh." I tongued her through the cotton material, growling when her taste exploded on my tongue. "Fuck, you taste like heaven." I tore her panties away, wanting my tongue on her swollen flesh. As soon as my lips latched onto her clit she screamed my name and I sucked on her long and hard, letting my lip piercing skim over it a few times as I teased her. When her thighs began to tremble I thrust two fingers inside of her, knowing that one wouldn't be nearly enough for her right then.

Dallas shattered, her back arching off the bed and her hips thrusting up against my mouth as she rode out the intense orgasm I had just given her. I lapped up every trace of her release, swallowing every drop of her pleasure before finally pulling away.

Standing, I pulled my shirt over my head in a rush before carefully undoing my button and zipper. I was harder than I could ever remember being in my entire life right then so I didn't want to hurt myself by getting caught on a fucking zipper. From the bed Dallas watched me with hooded eyes as I finished undressing and then covered her once more with my body.

My dick slid into her opening as if it had a mind of its own. As I sunk deep into her, my eyes closed for a moment, savoring her tight, scalding heat welcoming me home. Her lips brushed over my forehead as her fingertips trailed down my spine. Both the kiss and the caress were tender, loving. Buried inside of her, with her holding me like that, made my eyes burn and I lifted my head, needing her to see how she was affecting me.

My tears were mirrored in her own blue gaze. "I love you," I whispered at the same time she did, making us both smile. We just lay like that for a long while, smiling and caressing while I was buried balls deep in my own paradise. But then my dick took over and I couldn't stop my hips from thrusting. She felt so fucking good and I told her so over and over again as she moaned my name, her once caressing fingertips now biting into my ass as I pushed us both toward the edge of a cliff that would send us both flying.

Dallas

The sound of the wedding march was starting and I didn't know who was more nervous, me or the woman that was about to become my stepmother. Standing beside her in the back of the church, in my pretty silk peach dress, I gave Tink an encouraging smile as she stood next to Axton who was about to give her away as soon as I walked down the aisle as her one and only bridesmaid.

"You look beautiful," I assured Tink. We had gotten closer over the last few months, closer than I ever thought was possible. Maybe it was all the pregnancy hormones, but I'd given in when my father had asked me to try harder with his future wife. Maybe it was because I wanted a real mother figure in my life. Either way, I was glad I'd given in. Tink was wonderful and I couldn't image my life without her in it now.

Our life.

I glanced at Ax who was fidgeting with his tie. Sighing with mock exasperation I stepped closer to my husband and straightened his tie before stepping on tiptoe and kissing his all too willing lips. My protruding belly kept me from getting too close, but didn't stop him from grabbing my ass and holding me against him a little tighter for a moment longer.

A big strong hand rubbed over our baby as he kicked against his daddy. A happy grin spread across my face as I covered Axton's hand. The hand that had my ring on it. A ring I had spent weeks designing just for him and our wedding. Only my rock god husband had a skull engraved wedding ring. It was pretty bad ass, just like he was.

"Cannon, you stay in there a little longer, little guy," Axton murmured as he lowered his head and kissed my stomach. "Momma just needs to walk down the aisle and then she will be sitting down the rest of the day."

I rolled my eyes. He was always having conversations with my stomach like that. As if our son could hear every word he said and understand it too. As my due date quickly approached, he did it more and more. But he was right, as soon as the minister pronounced my father and new stepmother official, I was sitting down. My ballet slipper encased feet were already swollen and aching, but not something to worry about seeing as I was thirty-eight weeks pregnant. Other than a few bouts of really bad morning sickness, my pregnancy had been pretty amazing.

"Are you sure getting married on Valentine's Day isn't overly cheesy?"

My attention turned back to Tink, who was nervously biting all the lipstick off her bottom lip. "Its adorable," I assured her. Taking her hands in mine I gave them a little squeeze in reassurance and took my flowers from her. The wedding planner appeared in the doorway, signaling it was time for me to go down the aisle. "I'll see you in a little while. You'll do great."

As I stepped into my spot at the back of the church I couldn't help glancing around as I started walking. The wedding was a small event, only our closest friends and family had been invited. The Demon's Wings guys and their wives and children were all in attendance along with the rest of OtherWorld and a few Bradshaw family members tossed into the equation.

I tried not to grimace as I passed Liam who was sitting between his sister and Wroth, keeping the two apart as much as possible. In the next pew was Devlin and Harris who had Lucy Thornton sitting beside him, best friends to the end, even if Dev had forgotten about his own friendship with Zander who was at the end of the pew. The past nine months hadn't been kind to OtherWorld. The band was falling apart at the seams, but Axton was trying to keep them together.

This past fall had been tense as we had gone on tour for two months with Demon's Wings but somehow the band was still holding together. But I wasn't so sure how it was going to go when we had to go on tour this coming summer. We were going to be touring with not only the Demons' but also with two new bands that Emmie had signed on to manage and was working hard on getting record deals for.

But I wasn't going to worry about the band right then. There was plenty of shit to have to deal with between now and then.

I kept walking, but when I passed the pew with Linc, Natalie and Shane Stevenson sitting in it, I nearly faltered. Harper stood beside her husband with a bright smile on her face, but I couldn't help the way my heart clenched as she took in my very big belly and quickly glanced away. My best friend had been over the moon for me when I had told her I was pregnant, but she hadn't been able to hide her pain from me.

While I couldn't help her with what was breaking her heart on a daily basis by making her a mother, I had done the next best thing. I'd made her a godmother. She and Shane were going to be Cannon's godparents. The day I'd asked her, Harper had cried harder than I'd ever seen her cry in all the years I'd known her. Thankfully, though, they had been happy tears.

I passed a few other members of my crazy family. Nik and Emmie were giving me warm smiles. Beside them sat their nanny who was holding baby Jagger while he slept. Flick had been with us on the fall tour and I'd gotten to know her a little. I'd liked her almost immediately and had warmed up to her even more when she had kneed Zander in the balls after he come on a little too strong.

When I passed Jesse and Layla, each with their arms full of bouncing boys, I couldn't help but grin at them. Those two little demons were proof that miracles happen in my eyes. Luca and Lyric had been born way too early but to look at them you would never know that. As I passed, Luca reached out and tugged on the hem of my dress and I laughed as he protested when his father pulled his hand away. "Nice taste, buddy, but let's not go to cougar town, okay?" I heard Jesse mutter to his son.

Rolling my eyes, I met the gaze of Lana who had Drake's arm wrapped around her shoulder. His other arm was full of a quietly babbling Neveah who was hands down the most gorgeous little girl I'd ever seen in my life. Her long dark hair, angelic features and personality were completely Lana. But those eyes? One hundred percent Drake Stevenson.

Lana's eyes went to my stomach and I couldn't help but glance at her own. She wasn't showing yet, but I knew she was pregnant again. I was only one of a few who knew, though. Just as I had been reluctant to hurt Harper with my pregnancy, Lana was finding it hard to announce her news. I gave her a sympathetic smile and kept walking.

In the front pew sat only one girl. As I walked past, she gave me a beaming smile and my heart clenched with love for the girl. Kenzie was now a major part of our family even if she was here in Tennessee more than on the West Coast with us. The moment Axton and I had arrived at the orphanage to pick her up, she had been so emotional that it had taken a full week for her to fully understand that Axton had really and truly adopted her. From there it was history. She wanted to be a part of our family as much as we wanted her to be and had come to live with us for the summer before starting the University of Tennessee in the fall just before the tour had started.

I won't lie, I loved the fact that she had chosen Tennessee for school. It gave us a reason to visit there more often. I'd fallen in love with the state and especially the little town just outside of Nashville where Tink and my dad lived. My dad had built Tink a house on Huntington Estate because it was where Tink was the most happy. Without the income that Tink brought in, Sharon Huntington had been forced to sell the house that Axton had been raised in and she moved farther north...

My dad had surprised me a few weeks ago with a Christmas present and I was still trying to figure out if it was a good thing or not. He'd bought Axton's childhood house and deeded it to us. We hadn't talked about what we were going to do with it yet. I would have loved to revamp the whole house and make it our base here, but if Axton decided he wanted to take a wrecking ball to the fucking thing, I was okay with that too.

Finally I reached the front of the church and my father stepped forward to brush a kiss over my cheek. I gave him a happy smile and took my place. My walk down the aisle had been slow on my aching feet but had really only taken about a minute. I turned my head toward the back of the church as Tink and Axton stepped into place and couldn't help gasping at the sight.

Tink was beautiful in her simple lacy wedding dress that she had found in some vintage shop. My dad had been flabbergasted at her wanting to have a cheap dress when he could have taken her to Paris or Milan and bought her any designer dress her heart desired. But Tink had been adamant about wanting the pretty little dress she had found.

Beside her, my husband looked edible in his tux. When he caught my eye he winked, making my panties wet with a need that always seemed to burn hot between us. The closer they got the wetter my panties got...

Until I realized that the wetness now running down my thigh was anything but desire. Biting my lip to keep from groaning, I kept my face blank as Axton handed his aunt off to my dad and took his seat beside Kenzie.

The next twenty minutes were awkward for me if nothing else. I tried to avoid eye contact with Axton as my dad and Tink exchanged vows, the whole time amniotic fluid dripped down my legs making a puddle on the carpet under my feet. A contraction hit halfway through the ceremony and I bit back my cry of pain while Austin Bradshaw promised to love, honor and attempt to obey his new wife.

The whole time I could feel Axton's gaze drilling into me but I knew better than to look at him. He would know that something was up and stop the ceremony and I couldn't have that. So I just stood there, with a forced smile on my face and my eyes blank to keep anyone from seeing I was in some pain and a little nervous for what was about to happen.

Cannon was apparently ready to meet his crazy family, but that didn't mean I was ready for him.

When the minister finally pronounced Austin and Tink husband and wife, I couldn't help but breathe a sigh of relief. Everyone stood, clapping and congratulating the happy couple. Of course, another contraction had to hit me. Screw it, I thought as I let out a whimper in pain. They were married now, so who cared about the reception.

I was in fucking labor, after all.

Axton must have developed super human hearing because he heard my whimper over the noise of the rest of the church as they laughed and clapped my dad on the back or shook the newlyweds' hands.

"What's wrong?" Kenzie asked from my other side.

"Oh, nothing really." I gave her a tight smile. "My water just broke and I'm starting to have contractions. I'm fine, though. I'll be okay."

I was trying to keep calm, not because of myself but for Axton. My attempt to set an example failed though, because Axton started to freak the fuck out. One minute I was standing on my own two feet and the next I was in his arms, as he yelled at people to get out of his fucking way. Which only set off mayhem. Sighing, I just buried my face in his jacket and let him do what he had to do to deal with impending fatherhood.

The next few hours passed in a blur but I'll admit that it was a happy blur. Everyone we loved in the world was in the waiting room as we brought our son into the world just a few rooms away. They all probably heard me cussing the place down as I pushed one last time and a moment later my son's crying filled my ears.

Exhausted, I reached for the squalling bundle of mess while Axton cut the cord. Tears were pouring down his face as he struggled to cut the stubborn thing, but when it was finally done he kissed me. "I love you, Dallas."

I smiled through my own happy tears. "Love you more."

"Should I go tell everyone that you're okay?" He didn't look like that was what he really wanted to do so I shook my head and pulled him closer until he was practically lying down beside me while the doctor did what he had to do to my aching body.

"No. You're exactly where you need to be."

