One

KANDAHAR, AFGHANISTAN

0200 hours

Sometimes they went in with a flash and crash, but Lieutenant Gage Brewer always preferred stealth. And tonight, because the team's mission was to outsmart a band of Taliban insurgents, stealth was the operative word.

The night smelled like smoldering garbage and rot as Gage crept through the darkened alley in an industrial neighborhood on the outskirts of the city. They were in a hot zone, a place where anyone they encountered would like nothing better than to use them for target practice.

As the SEAL team's point man, Gage moved silently, every sense attuned to the shadows around him. Particularly alert at this moment was Gage's sixth sense-that vague, indefinable thing his teammates liked to call his frog vision. Gage didn't know what to call it; he only knew it has saved his ass a time or two.

In the distance, the muted drone of an electric generator in this city still prone to blackouts. And, closer still, footsteps. The slow clomp of boots on gravel, moving steadily nearer, then pausing, pivoting, and fading away.

Wait, Gage signaled his team. Lieutenant Junior Grade Derek Vaughn melted into the shadows, followed a heartbeat later by Petty Officers Mike Dietz and Adam Mays. Gage approached the corner of the building, an unimposing brick structure that was supposedly a textile factory. Crouching down, he slipped a tiny mirror from the pocket of his tactical vest and held it at an angle in order to see around the corner.

A solitary shadow ambled north toward the front of the building, an AK-47 slung casually across his body. The shadow told Gage three things: the intel they'd been given was good, this building was under armed guard, and what was going down tonight at this factory had nothing to do with textiles.

Gage eased back into the alley.

"Sixty seconds," Vaughn whispered.

Gage had known Vaughn since BUD/S training. Besides being a demolitions expert, the Texan had the best sense of time and direction of any man in Alpha squad, and tonight he was in charge of keeping everyone on schedule.

Soundlessly, they waited.

Then, like clockwork, a distant rat-tat-tat as the rest of Alpha squad exchanged carefully staged, nonlethal gunfire in an alley much like this one.

Beside Gage, the building came alive. Footsteps thundered in a stairwell. Excited voices carried through the walls. A door banged open and more shouts filled the night as men poured from the building. A truck engine roared to life. Gage and his teammates watched from the shadows as a pickup loaded with heavily armed insurgents peeled off, no doubt to help wipe out the American commandos gullible enough to walk into a trap.

Twenty more seconds and Vaughn gave the signal. Gage peered around the corner. The guard now stood in a pool of light spilling down from a second-story window. The sour expression on his bearded face told Gage he wasn't too happy about being stuck guarding hostages while his comrades got to slaughter American soldiers. His lips moved, and Gage guessed he was cursing his prisoners-two Afghani teachers whose heinous crime had been taking a job at a newly opened school for girls.

Their boss, the school's principal, had been beheaded on live Webcam two days ago.

Watching the footage had made Gage's blood boil. But his anger was tempered now, a tightly controlled force he would use to carry out his mission.

In addition to rescuing the Afghanis, the SEALs were tasked with finding and retrieving forty-two-year-old Elizabeth Bauer, an American reporter who had been working on a story for the Associated Press when the Taliban stormed the school. She was thought to be next in line for execution, if she wasn't dead already.

Gage chose to believe she was still alive-at least, pictures of her beheading weren't yet bouncing around cyberspace. The picture Gage had seen-the one provided during the briefing-reminded him of his aunt back in Chicago. The minute he'd seen it, Gage had felt an emotional connection that went beyond his usual hundred-and-ten-percent commitment to an op.

The guard turned the corner. Vaughn and Dietz fell back, circling around to the building's other side.

Follow me, Gage signaled Mays. The kid was young, green. He'd grown up in Tennessee and spoke with the thickest accent Gage had ever heard. But he could shoot like nobody's business.

A quiet thud as they rounded the corner told Gage that Vaughn and Dietz had neutralized the guard about ten seconds ahead of schedule. Gage stepped over the lifeless body and entered the building with his finger on the trigger of his M4. He glanced around. The space was dim and cavernous, empty except for a few junked-out trucks and some tires piled in corners. A band of light shone onto the dirt floor from some sort of upstairs office. Given the satellite dish they'd seen mounted outside, Gage figured it was used as a media room. According to their intel, the hostages were being kept in the basement.

Vaughn went up to take out any hostiles who might have stayed behind. Gage scanned the room's perimeter and quickly located an open doorway leading down to a lower level.

The earthen steps were steep and Gage took them silently. Clearing out the bulk of the tangos with a diversion had been a good plan, but one that relied on a fair amount of luck. Gage was a gambling man, and the first rule of gambling was that luck eventually ran out. He expected an armed guard at the foot of the stairs and that's exactly what he found.

Gage delivered a well-placed blow with the butt of his rifle, rendering the man unconscious before his weapon even clattered to the floor. A collective gasp went up from across the room as Gage knelt down to collect the Kalashnikov. He slung it over his shoulder while Mays zip-cuffed the guard. Their orders were to keep at least one of them alive, if possible, in case they needed him for information.

The hostages stumbled to their feet and Gage turned his flashlight on them. The beam illuminated two slightly built Afghani men and a fortyish woman.

"Lieutenant Gage Brewer, U.S. Navy." He zeroed in on the woman. "Ma'am, are you-"

"Betsy Bauer." She reached out and touched his arm, as if to make sure he was real. "And I've never been so glad to see anyone in my life."

Vaughn tromped down the steps to join them. "All clear up there." He held up a black piece of cloth. It was a flag with a skull and a sword painted on it, and Gage recognized it from the video footage.

He'd found the beheading room.

"Anyone injured?" This from Dietz, the team corpsman. "Anything that might prevent you from-"

"We're fine." Betsy Bauer cast a worried look at the door. "Let's just get out of here."

Gage's thoughts exactly. He led everyone up the stairs. Mays and Dietz guarded their flanks and Vaughn watched their six.

"Five minutes," Vaughn said from the back.

They were ahead of schedule. Another stroke of luck. More than four minutes until their helo would drop down in a nearby field. The other half of their squad would already be on it, after having spent a few minutes pretending to be ambushed by Taliban fighters before vanishing into the night.

Gage started to get anxious as he neared the door. That damned sixth sense again...

His gaze landed on something long and black sticking out from the back of one of the trucks. He jogged over to investigate.

"Holy shit."

"What is it?" Mays asked.

Gage blinked down at the truck bed. "I'm looking at a shit-ton of weapons. RPGs, AKs, a couple of Carl Gs." He glanced up at Vaughn and a flash of understanding passed between them.

"Let's hit the extraction point," Gage said, jogging back to the group. He checked the surrounding area before hustling the hostages to a nearby clearing. Gage watched the reporter, relieved that she seemed to be moving okay. No telling what hell she'd endured these past forty-eight hours.

A familiar whump whump grew louder as their helo approached. Gage scanned the area, ready to eliminate anything that might try to botch their extraction. Dust and trash kicked up as the Seahawk dropped down onto the landing zone. Gage loaded in the hostages, then counted the heads inside. Every man in Alpha squad accounted for. They were good to go.

Another glance at Vaughn. He was a demo man, as was Gage, and they were thinking the same thing.

"Two minutes," Gage yelled at his commanding officer.

Dirt tornadoed around them as Gage squinted into the Seahawk. It was too loud-and time was too short-for him to explain what he wanted to do. It was a critical moment. Did his CO trust him or not? The officer gave a brief nod.

Gage and Vaughn took off at a dead run. In under ninety seconds they had the two truck beds rigged with enough C-4 to blow up a tank. No way were they going to leave a fuckload of ordnance around for the enemy to use against U.S. troops.

"Ten seconds," Vaughn said.

Gage's heart pounded as he added more C-4, just to be sure. Then they got the hell out.

Less than a minute later, an earsplitting blast ripped the night. Gage's face hit the dirt. The earth shook beneath him as the building fireballed and then fireballed again. Debris rained down around him-concrete, mud, chunks of brick.

Burning embers pelted him as he tried to move, but his body seemed cemented to the ground. Vaughn grabbed his flak vest and hauled him to his feet just as a truck careened around a corner and barreled straight for them.

"Go, go, go!"

They leaped for the helo as a dozen arms reached out to pull them aboard. And then Gage was inside, his heart hammering, his face pressed flat against the metal floor as the Seahawk lifted into the air. Machine-gun fire sputtered below, and Gage sat up, shocked. He gazed down at the inferno. He glanced at Vaughn.

A little too much boom, his friend's look seemed to say, and Gage smiled. He couldn't believe they'd made it out of there unscathed.

A bullet whizzed past his cheek. Gage whirled around.

He wouldn't smile again for a very long time.

Lower Pecos River Valley, Texas

Three months later

KELSEY QUINN CROUCHED at the bottom of the damp grave, her heart pounding against her sternum.

It couldn't be. She'd shot this sector with the radar herself. And yet as she dragged the trowel ever so gently across the earth, she felt it again-that barely perceptible resistance.

"Kelsey?"

Reaching for the sable hair brush tucked into the back pocket of her shorts, she bent closer to the patch of dirt. She dusted away a layer of silt, blew, then dusted again. Sweat trickled between her shoulder blades. She held her breath as the smooth slope of a cranium began to emerge.

"Kelsey?"

Her brush moved swiftly now, in time with her pulse. Cranial sutures not yet fused. It was a child.

"Dr. Quinn?"

Everything went dark. Kelsey's gaze snapped to the person who'd stepped in front of the lamp. She recognized her field assistant's gangly silhouette instantly.

"Yes, Aaron?"

"There's a message for you. From your mother."

She stared at him, taking a moment to comprehend the words.

A message from her mother? Besides a few e-mails, she hadn't heard from her mom in weeks. For her to call in the middle of a field school must mean something important.

Aaron stepped out of the light and Kelsey squinted at the glare. She glanced down again at her discovery, then sat back on her haunches.

"We have another one." She couldn't suppress the excitement in her voice. "Tell Dr. Robles I've got a cranium."

Kelsey got to her feet and pulled off her baseball cap. Another burial. And in their last week, too. She didn't know why, but for some reason the best finds always came at the end of a dig.

Kelsey mopped the sweat from her brow and hiked up the four rough-hewn stairs to the top of the pit. Situated at the mouth of the cave, this particular sector had been worked first and was declared finished weeks ago. Kelsey had spent her first three weeks in this pit, sifting through dirt and lifting ancient bones from the soil. Her last week on the dig, and she'd returned here why? Nostalgia, maybe? Instinct? The nagging hunch that there was something more to find?

Kelsey stepped from the dimness of the cave into the blinding sunlight. The sky was a rich, cerulean blue. This morning's mist had been vaporized hours ago, and several wilted anthropology and archaeology students were standing beneath a tarp, trying to catch some shade as they swilled Evian water.

You can take the kids out of the city....

She put her cap on again, pulling her ponytail through the hole in the back. She glanced down at the smudged slip of paper Aaron had handed her. Call your uncle Joe. Love, Mom, followed by a phone number. The area code was San Diego, where her uncle lived and where Kelsey had spent a huge chunk of her hugely chunky childhood.

Her mother had tracked her down in the west Texas desert because Joe needed to talk to her? Kelsey sensed a trap, but she didn't have the first clue as to what it could be.

She scoured the cluttered campsite until she found the satellite phone beneath a table crammed with plastic containers. It took ten minutes and three attempts before she reached her uncle at the naval base. He was stateside for a change, not off fighting bad guys with his team of SEALs.

"Quinn here."

Despite the heat and the mystery and her annoyance at being pulled away from an important find, Kelsey smiled. "You needed to talk to me?"

"Kelsey. How's it going?" His voice was brisk, but she heard the fondness in it, and her smile widened. Whatever this was, it wasn't some horrible emergency.

"Pretty good," she said, "considering it's a hundred and ten degrees out and I haven't had a shower in two days. How's it going with you?"

"Listen, your mom called last night. She's worried about you."

"Oh my God, she didn't. Is this about that girl from Del Rio?"

Pause. Kelsey's anger bubbled up as she put it all together.

"She tells me you're alone out there digging up bones-"

"Amazing. This is amazing." She fisted her hand on her hip in frustration. "I told her when she e-mailed me that article that she's way overreacting."

"You're telling me some woman didn't get dragged from her car and shot, not twenty miles from where you are?"

"People get shot all the time! You live in San Diego, for Christ's sake. It happens every day!"

Another pause, and she could picture her father's brother frowning down at the phone. She was being disrespectful, and if there was one thing Lieutenant Commander Joseph Quinn had harped on her entire life it was respect.

"Joe, really. I'm fine. And I'm definitely not alone. I'm out here with dozens of people-"

"Camping by yourself at night, though, right? Just you and that seventy-two-year-old professor?"

"We're in campers," she said, hoping he picked up on the plural. Did he really think she was shacked up with Dr. Robles? Eew.

Kelsey glanced around impatiently. A trio of students stood at one of the tables, their heads bowed over various labeling tasks while they pretended not to eavesdrop. Kelsey needed to wrap this up. At twenty-eight, she was considered a mere toddler in academic circles, and she already had enough trouble getting students to take her seriously. Her kick-ass job at a world-renowned forensics lab, which set her apart from the rest of the university faculty, was her saving grace. But even her job at the Delphi Center couldn't salvage her reputation if word got out that her mommy had been calling her at a dig to fret over safety.

"Listen, Joe, I appreciate the call. I really do-"

"I'm sending someone out there," he bowled right over her. "He should be there today, about sixteen hundred."

Four heads turned as a car rumbled up the dirt road leading to the dig site.

Sixteen hundred. Kelsey's mind reeled. She clutched the phone to her ear and stared, stupefied, as the car-that-turned-out-to-be-a-pickup-truck rolled to a stop beside the row of SUVs. Dust coated the truck's sides and tires. Smashed bugs dotted the windshield, hinting at a lengthy trip. The door pushed open and a man climbed out.

But he wasn't a man, really-he was a giant. He stood well over six feet tall, with wide shoulders and muscular arms that screamed warrior. His olive-drab T-shirt stretched taut over his pecs, and he leaned an elbow on the roof of the truck while he scanned the area.

His gaze landed on Kelsey and her throat went dry.

"Kelsey? You there?"

"You sent me a SEAL?" she choked.

"His name's Lieutenant Gage Brewer, Team Nine, Alpha squad. Like I said, he should be there by sixteen hundred. He's got two weeks' leave, so it worked out perfectly."

"You hired someone to... to-"

"He owes me a favor. It's no big deal, really. This'll be a silver-bullet assignment for him. He's looking forward to it."

Lieutenant Whoever-He-Was reached up and peeled off his sunglasses to reveal a pair of laser-blue eyes as hard and unyielding as the rest of him. Looking forward to it. Yeah, right. This guy was so not happy to be here.

He slammed the door of his truck and strode toward her.

Two

"Kelsey Quinn?"

Her ability to speak evaporated as she stared up at him.

"Gage Brewer," he said. "I'm here to sign up for your dig."

Sign up for your dig. Right now. Today. The field school had only a week remaining, and every last person here had been toiling in the sun all summer.

His gaze bored into hers, daring her to challenge him. Damn right she'd challenge him. As soon as she could talk.

She glanced around.

And as soon as she could get away from all the prying eyes of her students.

"Glad you made it." She forced a smile. "Right this way, please."

She started for her camper, then realized it would look strange, disappearing into a private room with a man she'd only just met. She changed course, heading for a rocky outcropping about a hundred yards away. The petroglyphs. They'd be within plain view but well out of earshot.

"So you're thinking of joining us. Why don't I give you a tour of the site and you can make up your mind?"

He followed silently, his gaze scanning the horizon looking for... what? Rapists? Mountain lions? Serial killers?

"Where, exactly, did you come from?" she asked when they'd reached a safe distance.

"California."

"You drove here from San Diego? At my uncle's request?"

He said nothing to this, just followed her strides across the rocky terrain.

"Listen, Lieutenant-" She suddenly blanked on his name.

"Brewer," he supplied. "And you can call me Gage."

"All right. Gage. I'm not sure what my uncle told you, but your being here, it really isn't necessary. My colleagues and I are-"

"He told me his niece needed protection. I told him I'd come. When you're safely packed up and headed back home, I'll return to San Diego, mission accomplished."

Kelsey picked her way over the stony creek bed, fighting back tears of frustration as she listened to him talk. He was just like Joe, just like the stubborn, mule-headed man who had been a father to her most of her life. Good God, she'd never get rid of this guy. He considered her his mission.

Kelsey scaled the side of the creek, grabbing a branch to heft herself up. It snapped free and she fell backward. A pair of enormous hands caught her shoulders.

"Easy there."

Her pulse skipped as the feel of him, the smell of him permeated her brain. A jolt of raw sexual awareness zinged through her, and she scrambled away.

Was that what this was about? Was her mother matchmaking with one of her uncle's SEALs? The idea was unbearable. Mortifying. She felt color flooding her already pink cheeks.

And it suddenly hit her. She must look like roadkill. She was grimy, sunburned, and her last encounter with a mascara wand had been before Memorial Day.

Kelsey scurried up the hillside to the limestone escarpment that looked out over the valley and into Mexico. She ducked under the shade of an overhang and stopped beside a wall of rock decorated with ancient engravings. She turned to face the lieutenant, waiting until her eyes adjusted to the dimness so that she could read his expression.

He stopped, maintaining a respectful distance from her as he folded his arms over his chest.

Kelsey tried to sound composed. "My uncle is your commanding officer, is that correct?"

"Yes, ma'am."

"And your commanding officer asked you-as some sort of favor-to come protect me for the duration of my job here, is that it?"

"That's correct, ma'am."

She closed her eyes. "Please don't call me 'ma'am' again, okay? I mean, you're probably older than I am."

He didn't comment, even though she felt certain he knew precisely how old she was. Her uncle had probably given him her bio, for heaven's sake. That's how Joe worked. Every mission came with a file, a set of facts to be committed to memory. Kelsey remembered the Abe Lincoln project from fifth grade, the one that-according to Joe-couldn't be undertaken until she'd memorized the Gettysburg Address.

She shook off the memory. "So your being here, it's not really a direct order, is that right? I mean, you're not going to get fired if you don't-"

"Joe Quinn asked me to come, so I came. It's that simple." Something sparked in his eyes, and she sensed that whatever had brought him here wasn't simple at all.

"This may be simple for you but it's not for me," she said. "I'm the field supervisor here. I'm in charge of eighteen graduate students and six undergrads. I have research to conduct, reports to write, grades to submit, and a professional reputation to uphold. How do you think it looks when my uncle sends out some hired hunk of muscle to protect me from the bogeyman?"

He eyed her coolly, not even flinching at her "hired hunk of muscle" comment, which had been intended to piss him off. Kelsey knew the SEAL code. And she knew whatever debt this man owed Joe it had nothing to do with money.

He nodded slightly. "That Ruger you got strapped to your belt, what's that for?"

Kelsey's gaze snapped to her holster. She'd become so accustomed to it that she didn't even notice it anymore.

She looked up and cleared her throat. "This isn't Disneyland. We get mountain lions and rattlesnakes around here."

He lifted an eyebrow. "Coyotes, mules, maybe even a few border bandits?"

Her gaze narrowed.

"Don't get me wrong. It's a nice weapon." He paused. "You know how to use it?"

"Of course."

"And when'd you get the holster?"

She didn't answer.

"I'm guessing back home in San Marcos, you usually carry it in your purse, right?"

So Joe had told him about her. At least where she lived. What else had Joe told him? Had he mentioned how her boyfriend had dumped her six months ago?

"When'd you get the holster, Kelsey?"

She squared her shoulders. "Five weeks ago."

He nodded. "After the second break-in. That was your camper, right? The first was Dr. Robles."

She bit her lip.

"And then when that woman was dragged from her car and murdered last week, not ten minutes from here, I bet that made you think twice, right?"

She didn't say anything.

"Your uncle cares about you. He told me you're a smart woman." He stepped closer until he was towering over her. "He also told me to provide protection for you while you finish your work here, and I agreed." He unfolded his arms and planted his hands on his hips. "I'm not here to get in your way or get in your business. You want to keep this between you and your uncle? Fine by me. Call me a graduate student and hand me a shovel. But I made a promise to Joe and I intend to keep it."

Kelsey recognized defeat when it was staring her in the face.

And anyway he was right. She hadn't had a decent night's sleep in nearly a week, not since the sheriff had visited the dig site to inform them of the nearby murder and ask if they'd seen or heard anything suspicious.

Kelsey hadn't. But she'd been in a state of anxious hyperawareness ever since. Just hiking out to this cliff was the farthest she'd ventured away from the group in days.

"Okay, you win." She crossed her arms. "Now what do you want me to do?"

Heat flickered in his eyes at the question. Or maybe she'd imagined it.

"You don't need to do anything," he told her. "Just pretend I'm not here."

KELSEY QUINN'S ARCHAEOLOGY project was bigger than Gage had anticipated. It encompassed four separate areas, two out in the open and two more inside the cave. Including the work tents-which were really just tarps supported by metal poles-and the campers where Kelsey and her boss stayed, the site included almost three acres of privately owned land that was being cleared of ancient artifacts to make room for a mining project. The area wasn't large from a security standpoint, but it had its challenges.

The main issue was the unpaved road that skirted their setup. It provided a direct-if bumpy-route from the town of Madrone almost straight to the dig site. Just a short detour off the road and you were right there. Problem was, the road also provided a direct route between the U.S.-Mexico border and Interstate 10-and a predictable array of security risks associated with one of the most rugged and least governable tracts of land in the entire Southwest.

Kelsey and her college kids, parked out here with all their SUVs and computer equipment, were sitting ducks. Gage found it amazing they hadn't had more than a few break-ins. Of course, the fact that the students headed into town each night, back to the relative comfort of the lodge they'd taken over for the summer, made the dig site less of a target for thieves. But the setup left Kelsey and the geriatric Dr. Robles alone with a crapload of computers and equipment.

For a woman who worked at one of the world's top crime labs, Kelsey showed a remarkable lack of street smarts.

Gage hauled his zillionth bucket of dirt and emptied it onto a large wire screen for sifting. Kelsey's beanpole assistant Aaron gave him another one of his sullen looks.

"Thirty minutes, people." Kelsey's voice rang out across the site. "Then we'll call it a wrap."

Gage cut a glance at his principal. She was sweaty and sunburned and her skinny legs were dotted with scrapes and old bruises. A lock of that fiery red hair had come loose, and she stuffed it back inside her Padres cap as she meted out instructions to one of her underlings. Gage watched her work. She was bossy and annoying and promised to be a royal pain in his ass for the next seven days.

And yet there was something about her that made his blood hum. He had no idea what it was-she was the polar opposite of his usual type. And yet he felt it, just beneath the surface, the steady thrum of lust coursing through his veins.

Gage needed a woman. Soon. Didn't it figure that the one woman to stir his interest after months and months of celibacy would be the niece of his CO, a woman completely off-limits for some quick-and-dirty fun?

But "fun" hadn't been part of Gage's vocabulary in months. And that wasn't going to change anytime soon. He'd come here to work, not play, and the last thing he needed was to get tangled up with a woman guaranteed to make his life an even bigger mess than it already was.

Gage trudged back into the cave for another bucketful of dirt.

KELSEY FOUND AARON working on the ossuary at the back of the cave, where a battery-powered lamp illuminated a jumble of prehistoric bones. Besides being a brilliant scholar, her field assistant was one of the most meticulous diggers she'd ever known, and she watched with admiration as he worked his roped-off patch of earth. He lay flat against a fence slat that spanned the pit. The makeshift brace enabled him to reach down and remove soil without causing unnecessary disturbance to the burial site.

"Only two centimeters to go on that skull," she said.

Aaron glanced up at her and lifted an eyebrow. She'd made major progress this afternoon.

"Where'd you get the beefcake?" he asked.

She cocked her head to the side. She hadn't expected such open hostility.

"Mr. Brewer is a law enforcement colleague visiting from California." Liar, liar, pants on fire. "He's interested in our dig, and I told him he was welcome to lend a hand."

Aaron got to his feet and wiped his hands on his jeans. He glanced over Kelsey's shoulder, where at the mouth of the cave Gage had been making himself useful hauling dirt. He'd been at it two hours, and by Kelsey's estimation he equaled about six of her anemic grad students.

Aaron crouched down and began dropping tools into a canvas bag.

"If it's not too much trouble," she said, "I thought you might give him a brief tour before you pack up for the day."

Aaron snorted. "No trouble at all. Although I'm not sure 'tour guide' falls within my job description."

"Fine, I'll do it. You can type up the notes for Dr. Robles."

"I didn't say I wouldn't do it. Just don't expect me to teach him Archaeology 101. He can crack a book like the rest of us."

Kelsey swallowed a bitchy comment. She didn't really want to bicker. She'd had enough aggravation convincing Dr. Robles to allow a newcomer on the project at this late date. Maybe he would have been more cooperative if she'd told him the truth about Gage's purpose here, but Robles was a lifelong pacifist and she didn't want to risk a negative reaction if he found out Gage was a Navy SEAL. So she'd come up with the law-enforcement-colleague spiel, which vaguely resembled the truth. It was the only way she could think of to explain Gage's obvious cluelessness about archaeology and the SIG Sauer plastered to his hip.

"Thank you," Kelsey said. "I'm going to type up my notes. If I don't see you before you leave-"

"Dr. Quinn!"

Kelsey whirled around to see a pair of students picking their way around the cave's stalagmites. They stepped into the lamplight and she saw that it was Dylan and Jeannie, a couple who'd hooked up over the course of the summer.

"What is it?" Kelsey asked.

"We found something," Jeannie gushed. "Something you need to come see. It's a mandible."

"Human," Dylan added. "We found it in the creek bed just south of the mine shaft."

"What were you doing at the mine shaft?" The old mercury mine was almost a mile south, along the same stretch of roadway where that woman had been shot.

And the sudden flush of Jeannie's cheeks told her exactly what they'd been doing at the mine shaft.

Kelsey huffed out a breath. "You guys, come on. Did you listen to anything at all I've said about safety? That area's not even part of our dig."

"It's not part of anyone's dig," Dylan told her. "You're the expert, but I'd say this bone looks fresh."

Three

The sun had dipped below the horizon but the stones lining the creek bed still retained the day's heat. Kelsey lay flat against them, blinking sweat from her eyes as she positioned her Nikon camera. She heard the police cruiser pull up. She heard the heavy crunch of boots. She took one last shot of the mandible, collected the ruler she'd used for scale, and walked over to greet the sheriff she'd met the other day.

"Word is you found us a jawbone," Sheriff Sattler said.

"Actually, two of my students found it." She glanced up at the line of onlookers who had gathered on the edge of the dried creek. Gage wasn't among them, and Kelsey wondered where he'd disappeared to.

She led Sattler to the bone and he knelt down for a closer look.

"You think it's one of your Indians?" he asked.

"At a glance, I couldn't tell you the ethnicity. But it's definitely modern, not ancient." She crouched beside him and pointed to the molars. "For one thing, there are the fillings. Also, traces of dried soft tissue, in this case ligaments. The scratches suggest animal activity, probably carrion birds, but it looks like they missed a few spots."

Sattler stood up now and surveyed the surrounding area. The lawman was tall and bulky, and his thick silver hair contrasted sharply with his leathery brown skin. If not for the badge pinned to his chest, Kelsey would have guessed him for a cattle rancher.

"Just a jawbone, huh? Anything else?"

Kelsey stood, too. "Nothing readily apparent, but of course you'll have to conduct a thorough search. A cadaver dog would be a huge help. Does the county have a canine unit?"

"Just the drug-sniffing kind."

"Well, that won't work for this." She brushed her hair out of her eyes and glanced around, hoping to see some evidence she'd missed earlier. It was that strange time of day, lightwise. Everything looked flat and gray and a bone would be easy to overlook among all these rocks.

Sattler pulled a toothpick from his breast pocket and popped it in his mouth. He didn't say anything, so Kelsey continued.

"Given the animal activity, I'd say there's a good chance the skeleton could be scattered over a wide area." She paused and waited for a reaction. Nothing.

"Another possibility is that the remains were buried and an animal dug them up. You might find the rest of the skeleton, except for the skull, obviously, in a shallow grave nearby. You could rope off this area and use ground-penetrating radar-"

"Who could?" Sattler asked around the toothpick.

"You. Your deputies. And your medical examiner will want to-"

"Seco County doesn't have a medical examiner. Not big enough. Our justice of the peace serves as coroner around here."

"Your JP, then."

He nodded. "Fella by the name of Sam Niederhauser, 'bout seventy years old. Not much on death investigating."

Kelsey stared at him, pretty sure she knew where this was going.

"Fact, that shooting we had last week pretty much wore him out." Sattler plucked the toothpick out and looked her in the eye. "I hear when you're not digging up old skeletons, you work at that crime lab in San Marcos. The Delphi Center."

"That's right. I'm scheduled to go back there in less than a week, in fact."

"You're a forensic anthropologist. An expert on bones." He nodded in the direction of the campsite. "You're already out here with all your equipment, why don't you take a crack at it? See what you come up with."

"I've got a field school to run. And I don't have jurisdiction."

"I'm giving you jurisdiction. Thing like this, we have to get outside help anyway. You're here already, I'd just as soon get it from you."

She gritted her teeth, irritated at being steamrolled yet again today. And the look on Sattler's face told her he knew he'd won.

Actually, he'd won even before he pitched her. Kelsey had never turned down a request for help, and she wasn't about to start now, in front of her students. Some of them could be headed for jobs like hers, and the reality was when a call came you went. Police work didn't always adhere to a convenient schedule. In Kelsey's experience, it never did.

"We sure appreciate it." Sattler nodded. "Tomorrow I'll send out one of my deputies to give you a hand with the search."

"I'd rather have a cadaver dog."

He smiled slightly. "I'll see what I can do."

IT WAS AFTER dusk when Gage returned from town, and he wasn't happy to see the sheriff had already left. Speedy investigation. Gage pulled up to the campsite just as Kelsey stepped out of her door, keys in hand.

He parked his truck and climbed out. "Where you headed?"

"Nowhere."

He walked over to the steps of the camper, and they stood there, staring at each other.

She'd cleaned up while he'd been gone. Her damp hair hung loose around her shoulders, and she wore a snug-fitting black T-shirt and brown cargo pants that hit her mid-calf. Something black and bulky stuck out of her pocket.

"You got a minute?" he asked. "I need to show you something."

She darted a glance over his shoulder, clearly worried about Robles seeing him go into her place. Evidently satisfied that the guy had turned in for the night, she opened the door behind her.

"I'm making dinner," she said without enthusiasm. "You're welcome to have some."

"I'm good, thanks." Gage ducked his head and walked through the door, then instantly regretted his words as the spicy aroma of whatever she had cooking hit him full force. He hadn't eaten all day, and the dinner he had waiting for him tonight was a cold MRE.

"It's a mess," she said, squeezing around him.

Mess was an understatement. The camper was small and chock-full of clutter. Beside him was an eating alcove with a Formica table that had a notebook computer on top and books stacked beneath. Gage put his plastic shopping bag on the table as his gaze skimmed over the minuscule kitchen and a door that probably led to a bathroom. Beyond the kitchen, he caught sight of what looked like a fold-out bed with a sleeping bag on top. Something red and lacy was strewn across it.

Holy God.

"What's in the bag?"

His attention snapped back to Kelsey. "Huh?"

"The bag?"

"It's for you," he said. "Your com setup here sucks."

She peeked inside. Then she gazed up at him with those big brown eyes, and he had a flash of her in that red bra. "My com?"

"Communications. You've got one sat phone for the entire group."

"We're in the middle of nowhere," she said defensively. "The cell service is extremely patchy. That's why we have the sat phone."

"You need something for you. On your person. I need to be able to reach you at all times." He took out one of the radios and turned it on to demonstrate. "See? Just press this button here when you want to talk. It's got a long-life battery and a range of about five miles, which should be plenty." He paused and waited for her to look up at him. "Were you going to wait for me to go with you?"

"Go where?" She was doe-eyed now, innocent as hell.

"Wherever you were going when I pulled up."

She hesitated. "I need to check something at the recovery site."

He stepped closer until he was invading her personal space. "Lemme explain how this works, Kelsey. You set foot off this dig site, I'm coming with you. That's a dangerous highway and I don't want you driving around alone, especially at night."

She crossed her arms. "What happened to 'hand me a shovel and pretend I'm not here'?"

"That was before I knew you were camped out within spitting distance of a homicide scene."

She rolled her eyes. "You're jumping to conclusions. I've hardly had a chance to examine the bone, much less determine the manner of death."

"Oh, yeah? What do you think your uncle would say if I called him and told him about your little find today? I bet you a thousand dollars he'd say 'tell her to pack up camp and hightail it home.'"

"That's ridiculous. I have a job to do here."

"Yeah, and although this might come as a surprise to you, I get that. Which is why we aren't packing. But I don't plan to go back to my CO and tell him I let his niece get carjacked or killed or so much as breathed on wrong under my watch. So until your work's done here I'm your shadow. Get used to it. Now, where are we going?"

She gazed up at him, and he could see the frustration simmering in her eyes. He could understand it, too. She had a job to do, and she wasn't used to people standing in her way. But Gage had a job to do also, and this was one job he didn't plan to f**k up.

"All right, fine," she said. "Let's get going. You can help."

She took the black thing out of her pocket and handed it to him. It was lightweight and slender and looked like some sort of high-tech Maglite.

He glanced up at her. "Help with what?"

"The search," she said. "I want the rest of those bones."

KELSEY WAVED HER UV lamp over a pile of rocks. She took a few more paces and did another scan. Another few paces until she was at the very edge of the area she'd mapped out for tonight.

She shoved her orange-tinted glasses up on top of her head and glanced around at the blackness. "You finding anything?"

"No," came Gage's faraway response.

Kelsey sighed and switched off the blue light. They'd been out here nearly two hours and had netted nothing more than a few pieces of trash, a broken eggshell, and some miscellaneous long bones, all easily identifiable as belonging to small mammals. Each time she'd spotted the faint bluish glow, she'd felt a surge of excitement, only to be disappointed by an up-close inspection.

"This what you do back in San Marcos? Tromp around crime scenes looking for skeletons in the dark?"

"No," she admitted. "We work by day, usually, and usually with cadaver dogs. But you never know what you might see with an alternative light source. Teeth. Clothing. Lots of dyes contain chemicals that fluoresce. I was hoping we'd find something out here that could lead us to the rest of him."

She let her gaze scan the area again, without any luck. She glanced at her watch and saw that it was nearly midnight.

Kelsey tipped her head back to look at the stars. It was amazing how many you could see out here. It was something she forgot during the rest of the year, then reminded herself of every summer.

"You hear that?"

She jumped and whirled around. "Omigod, you scared me!"

Gage was a giant shadow right beside her-so close, she now felt his body heat. And yet she hadn't heard a sound.

"Hear what?" she asked.

"Just listen."

She listened, but all she heard was the whisper of wind through the scrub brush and the quiet hum of crickets.

"I don't hear-"

"Shh."

And then she did hear it, a faint engine noise, growing nearer by the second.

"It's coming this way." Gage scaled the side of the creek bed with one big step, then turned and gazed north. The engine noise grew louder.

He dropped back down into the dried creek. "Come on," he said, taking her arm.

"Where are we going?"

"The mine shaft. It's this way." His hand was firm on her arm as he pulled her toward the entrance to the mine, which she couldn't even see in this darkness.

"Why are we hiding?"

No answer. He helped her out of the creek, practically lifting her off her feet when she missed a step. He was in a hurry.

"Gage?"

"They're driving blind."

"Blind?"

"No lights." He towed her into the even darker shadows of the mine shaft that was carved into the hillside. He seemed to know precisely where he was going without the aid of a flashlight.

She jerked her arm loose and halted. "I still don't see why-"

"You know any law-abiding citizens who drive around the border zone at night with their lights off? Either they're up to no good or they're looking for people up to no good. Either way, I bet they're armed, and I don't want to surprise them." He took her by the elbow and pulled her into the inky darkness of the mine where the air felt cool and damp. "You got your Ruger?" he asked.

"Yes, but-"

"Good. Now stay here." He reached down and switched on the radio clipped to her belt. "And keep this on. I'll be right back. Try not to shoot me."

Then he disappeared.

Kelsey huffed out a breath of annoyance. But she stayed put.

The engine noise drew closer and closer until it was almost on top of them. It sounded like a truck, and it was moving fast. She heard the skid of tires on gravel as it took the bend in the road.

The noise faded and Kelsey waited for Gage to reappear. Something fluttered behind her. Bats? Oh God, she hated bats. Spiders, snakes, bugs, no problems, but bats she could not abide. She closed her eyes and tried to push away the fear. Whatever bats lived here were probably out feeding. She'd probably just heard a bird. She took a deep, calming breath, which didn't work because she recognized the pungent smell of guano. And then a high-pitched squeak, like fingernails on a blackboard. She squeezed her eyes shut as she imagined millions of bats lurking behind her in the dark.

Her radio squawked to life and she snatched it off her belt. "Where are you?" she demanded.

"I'm almost there. Holster your weapon."

She'd never unholstered it. "Hurry. I'm starving and I want to get home."

"Yes, ma'am."

She detected the sarcasm in his voice. Maybe he thought she was a pain in the butt. It was late, and Joe Quinn's spoiled niece was getting cranky without her dinner.

Kelsey didn't care what he thought. She just wanted out of this damn mine shaft and away from these bats.

"Hi."

His warm, low voice brought a wave of relief.

"What was it?" she asked.

"I'm not sure."

He took her by the arm and led her into the open air again. It felt dry and warm and smelled like mesquite trees instead of bat droppings.

"So you didn't see it?"

"It was a truck," he said, releasing her arm. "I saw it and then it disappeared."

"What do you mean it disappeared?"

"One second it was there. Then a cloud passed in front of the moon and poof, nothing."

"Poof? You mean like Harry Potter poof or is this some SEAL term I don't know about?"

"It was just gone," he said, and she heard the wonder in his voice. "It was the damndest thing."

He got quiet then, and for a few moments all she could hear was his breathing. It had been a long time since she'd been this close to a man in the dark. And then it was back again, the question that had been dogging her since this afternoon. The same question that had been in the back of her mind as she'd directed students and talked to Sattler and sat alone in her camper, hunched over the mandible with a magnifying glass. The question of the decade, or at least of the summer.

Just where, exactly, was Gage Brewer planning to sleep?

Four

Gage awoke with a crick in his neck and a rumble in his gut. He squinted at the light streaming through the windshield and checked his watch. O640. He looked at Kelsey's camper. If he guessed right, she'd be up shortly, getting ready to crack the whip on her soon-to-arrive students.

As if on cue the door swung open. She stepped out and scanned the campsite, and her gaze met his across the hood of his truck.

He pushed open the door and got out. His stomach growled again, reminding him of the bowl of homemade chili he'd refused last night, not just once but twice. He'd needed something to eat, yeah. But what he hadn't needed was another minute alone with Kelsey Quinn and her strawberry-scented shampoo. He needed that torture like he needed a hole in his head.

She walked over and planted her hands on her hips. "You slept in your pickup?"

He shook out his stiff legs and stretched his arms over his head.

"Don't you at least have a tent or something? You weren't even lying down!"

Gage didn't bother to explain. He was a SEAL. He could sleep anywhere.

He nodded at the purse slung over her shoulder. "Where're we going?"

"I've got some errands in town."

"Okay. Mind if I borrow your shower?" He glanced over her shoulder at the camper. He could have sworn he smelled coffee, and his nose was usually pretty accurate.

"Help yourself," she said. "There's coffee in there, too. I won't be long. I just have to meet with Sattler and get this bone sent off to the Delphi Center for testing."

He reached into the truck and grabbed his seabag off the floor. "Gimme five minutes."

"You really don't need to come. Why don't you just take your time showering and help out around the dig until I get back?"

He gazed down at her and for the first time he noticed the freckles dotting her nose. They'd been hidden yesterday underneath all the dust. Besides the same khaki shorts she'd worn yesterday, she had on a thin white T-shirt that was definitely going to mess with his head all day.

"I'm not here to guard the dig," he said. "I'm here to guard you."

"It's broad daylight, and I'm going to a police station, for heaven's sake. What could possibly happen?"

"Nothing," he said. "Because I'm coming with you."

Gage double-timed it in the shower, and they made the forty-mile journey into Madrone in half an hour. Kelsey wanted to get there bright and early for some reason, and he was happy to oblige her. But once in town his morning turned into an endless wait in the parking lot of the Seco County sheriff's office. Gage wasn't patient by nature and got especially antsy waiting around for women to do things. He minimized the boredom by people watching and adding to the intel he had on the area.

Madrone occupied a semiarid patch of land about a hundred miles west of the Pecos River. This was cattle country-hard, dry, rugged-and the people he saw in town seemed to mirror the land they worked. Despite being the county seat, Madrone was barely a spec on the map. It had three stoplights, two gas stations, and one bar, and the only motel looked to be a run-down hunting lodge on the south end of Main Street. The entire place had a parched feel to it, as if the blazing west Texas sun had sucked out all its energy.

Whatever Kelsey had wanted at this cow town sheriff's office, Gage doubted she was going to get it.

Finally, she exited the little building, looking frustrated. It seemed to be her default expression, and he wondered if she was always this way or if it had been a rough summer.

She yanked open the passenger door and slid in.

"Where to?" he asked, firing up the engine. Hot air shot from the vents as he pulled onto Main. He glanced at the woman beside him. "Kelsey?"

She blinked at him, as if surprised by the question. "What?"

"Where to?"

Her eyes searched his, and he got the impression she still hadn't processed his words. "Does it seem reasonable to you that in all of west Texas there isn't one available cadaver dog?"

He gave up on getting any direction.

"I mean, how can that be possible?"

"I don't know," he said.

"It isn't possible. It's crap. Sattler's just too lazy or too stubborn to get me someone, even after I showed him evidence we're probably dealing with a murder here. I get a deputy. That's it. A few hours of unskilled labor from one of his rednecks, then I'm done."

Gage pulled into a space in front of the town's only restaurant, and Kelsey's brow furrowed as she looked around.

"What are we doing?"

"Getting some lunch." He pushed open his door.

"But I need to get back. Dr. Robles-"

"Can manage fine without you. Come on, I'm starved."

She joined him on the sidewalk and glanced at the sign in front of them, then shot him a look. "You know this place is a grease pit, right? I think everything on the menu comes with a side of eggs."

"Sounds perfect." He pulled open the door to the diner and enjoyed the rush of cool air.

A waitress with big blond hair seated them at a booth near the window and handed them some menus. Kelsey tucked hers behind the napkin dispenser without looking at it, then proceeded to order the tuna melt. Gage scanned the menu and ordered the Cowboy Breakfast Platter.

When the waitress was gone, Gage settled his attention on Kelsey. She'd been in here before, obviously, probably grabbing a bite to eat with some of her students. Or was there one student in particular? That guy Aaron was very territorial. Gage could feel the man watching him whenever he got within ten feet of Kelsey, which was pretty much all the time. Aaron's preoccupation seemed to go beyond professional interest, but from what Gage could tell it was a one-way street. At the dig site, Kelsey was completely wrapped up in her work, much like right now.

"Okay, spill it." Gage rested his arm on the back of the seat. "What's the problem?"

She blew out a sigh. "Sattler's the problem. He's not taking this seriously."

"What's to take seriously?"

"I think we're dealing with a homicide. He should be all over this. The rest of the remains need to be recovered, and he needs to launch a murder investigation. Instead, you know what he's doing today?"

"What?"

"Speed traps between here and I-10."

"He told you that?"

"I overheard one of his deputies talking while I was waiting to meet with him."

Their drinks came and they both downed half the glass in one gulp.

"How can you be sure this is a murder case?" Gage asked.

"I can't, especially not until I have the other bones, but I definitely found signs."

Gage lifted his eyebrows and waited.

"Tiny flecks of metal embedded in the mandible," she said. "Probably the result of a bullet fired through the skull."

"And you showed Sattler?"

"Whipped out my magnifying glass and everything. He wasn't convinced."

"So forget the cadaver dog. Why don't you get a metal detector out there, see if you can find the bullet? If he was shot on site you might even get a shell casing."

She leaned back against the booth and blinked at him.

"What?"

"You ever thought of becoming a cop?" she asked.

Gage glanced away. Life beyond the navy wasn't something he talked about. But Spec Ops was a young man's game, and he'd just turned thirty-two. He'd been doing a lot of soul-searching lately, especially since Kandahar.

Kelsey stirred her drink with a straw. "I sent the jaw off to the lab for testing. Before they run the metal, I'm going to have my friend Mia take a look at it. She's a DNA tracer, and I'm hoping she can get something useful from the tooth pulp."

"Don't you need something to compare it to so you can get an ID?" Gage asked.

"There could be something already in the Missing Persons index. If there is, we'll get his remains turned over to his family. If there isn't, we'll enter the DNA profile in case someone comes looking for him someday."

Gage watched her, intrigued by the way she talked with so much emotion about a little chunk of bone. Obviously, to her, it represented a lot more than that.

Their food came and she immediately dug into her sandwich. She had an appetite, which didn't surprise him given the amount of time she spent working outdoors. Gage had never cared much for skinny girls, but this one actually had some meat on her-in all the right places.

She caught him staring. "What?" she asked and took a slurp of Diet Coke.

"You keep saying 'him.' You're sure it's a man?"

She shrugged. "Mia can tell me for sure, but it looks that way, given the shape of the mental protuberance."

"The who?"

She motioned him closer. He hesitated a second before resting his elbows on the table and leaning in.

"The mental protuberance." She rubbed her index finger over his chin. "It tends to have a square edge and be thicker for males." Her finger moved to the side of his jaw. "And the gonial angle here? In males it's usually more flared."

She dropped her hand away and picked up a french fry. "Anyway, we'll know the sex for sure when Mia runs the DNA. I also found some interesting dental work."

"Oh, yeah?" Not that he gave a damn whatsoever. Gage forked up a bite of eggs and tried to shut out the thoughts racing through his head.

"Two porcelain fillings. It goes a long way toward disproving Sattler's theory."

"And what's Sattler's theory?"

"That we're dealing with an illegal immigrant, maybe a drug runner who got himself into trouble down near the river. It would be surprising for someone like that to have this sort of dental work."

Kelsey checked her watch and signaled the waitress. "Do you mind if we go soon? I really want to get back before that deputy shows up." She smiled slightly. "Robles hates idle hands. If he sees him just sitting there, he's liable to put him on bucket duty."

"I know all about bucket duty."

The waitress reappeared and Gage took the check. He reached for his wallet but Kelsey deftly snatched away the bill.

"Don't even think about it," she said. "You slept in your truck last night. The least I can do is feed you."

SATTLER'S DEPUTY HADN'T shown up by the time they made it back to camp, so Kelsey went ahead without him.

She cherry-picked a team of her most capable students and started them at the highway. Their skeptical expressions told her they thought she was off base, that the search should have focused on the place where the mandible had been found. But when she'd mapped the area last night, she'd decided to start with a swath of land about a hundred yards north, her logic being that whoever had brought the victim here-dead or alive-had probably come via the highway and wouldn't have wanted to stray too far off course. Scavengers could have moved the bones, whether they'd been left in the open or buried in a shallow grave.

And so it began, the painstaking process of combing the ground, inch by inch, beneath the blistering Texas sun. At the outset energy was high. The students seemed to welcome a break in their routine, and Kelsey was counting on their enthusiasm to make up for their lack of formal training. This wasn't a search and recovery squad, but she'd worked with volunteers before, and she knew what to expect.

And as expected walking at a snail's pace, head down, in the scorching heat eventually lost its appeal. Muscles ached. Eyes burned. Minds began to wander. After four hours of fruitless searching, she could tell everyone was ready to get back to the relative comfort of the caves and tarps.

Everyone but Gage. He worked doggedly, without complaint, looking totally undaunted by both the climate and the task.

For the millionth time this afternoon, Kelsey checked her watch. Still no deputy. Her temper festered. What could be keeping him? And why hadn't Sattler so much as put in an appearance today? Kelsey didn't understand how he could be so blase about a potential murder within his jurisdiction.

"Whoa, check it out!"

Kelsey's head snapped up at the gleeful words. Rohit, a PhD candidate in cultural anthropology, had dropped to his knees beside a prickly pear cactus.

"I think it's a femur."

Kelsey and the rest of the team rushed over. It was, indeed, a femur. But was it animal or human? She would need to examine a cortex sample under a microscope to be sure. But the size looked good, as did the joint surfaces.

A shadow fell over her and she glanced up to see Gage.

"You look excited," he said.

"This is good. A femur will tell us a lot. Stature, sex, probably PMI."

"PMI?"

"Postmortem interval. The time since death. I can look at a cross section and get an idea." She turned to Rohit. "Could you get my camera bag?"

He sprinted off, and the rest of the team wandered away to find shade and break out their canteens.

Gage crouched down beside her, shielding her from the sun with his body. "You sure it's not from a cow or something?"

"We'll find out. But my hunch says it's our guy. Now we just need the rest of him." She glanced around. They'd crossed over to the west side of the road, but they weren't far from it, maybe sixty yards. She was gaining more confidence in her roadside execution theory.

Gage stood up and shrugged out of his backpack. "Nice work, Dr. Quinn." He unzipped the pack and handed her a bottle of water. "Now, drink up. You look like you're about to pass out."

She stood up and swigged, then passed back the bottle. He took a long gulp, and her stomach fluttered as she watched his throat move.

"Thanks for helping," she said. "You don't have to do this, you know."

He screwed the cap back on. "Now you tell me."

She felt a pang of guilt. "You could knock off for the day. If you're tired-"

"Who says I'm tired?" The side of his mouth curled up.

"You're sweating."

"It's hot."

"Yeah, well, I'd think you'd be more into water sports."

He gave her a quizzical look.

"You're a SEAL. We're in the desert."

"Sea-Air-Land, SEAL." He smiled fully now. "Didn't your uncle teach you anything?"

His eyes twinkled with amusement as he gazed down at her. It was the first time he'd smiled at her, and for a moment she couldn't breathe.

Don't do it, Kelsey. Don't you dare fall for this beautiful man who has to leave in a few days.

She looked away-at the ground, the road, the cactus. Anything but Gage.

And that's when she spotted him.

"Sattler's guy showed," Gage said.

Kelsey set off toward him. "It's about goddamned time."

Five

It was the perfect night. Clear. Breezy. The temperature had even dipped below ninety. It was an ideal time to be out with friends, sitting at one of the riverfront bars, laughing and drinking margaritas.

Instead, Mia Voss was headed home to an empty apartment, and the computer bag slung over her shoulder was stuffed with unfinished reports.

She reached for her keys just as her purse started to glow and sing. She checked the number on her phone. Darn it, she'd forgotten to call Kelsey.

"I'm so sorry," Mia said, juggling computer, purse, and phone as she slid behind the wheel of her Jeep. "Yes, I got your message. And yes, he brought the bone."

Silence on the other end.

"Kelsey?"

"Who brought the bone?"

"The sheriff's guy." Mia backed out of her space and nestled the phone in her lap so she could shift gears. "He had a ten-gallon hat and everything. Very Lonesome Dove."

"You're telling me Sheriff Sattler had someone personally deliver my package to the Delphi Center?"

"You sound surprised," Mia said.

"I am. So far, he hasn't had the slightest interest in this case. At least, I thought he hadn't."

"Well, evidently someone's interested, because this guy was under strict orders not to simply leave the package with the evidence clerk. He had me paged down to the lobby to make sure I knew that his item had arrived and it was top priority."

"I'm shocked," Kelsey said. "Did you have the heart to tell him the true meaning of top priority around there? And why am I on speaker phone?"

"I'm in the Jeep," Mia said. "Stick shift and cell phones don't mix."

"It's after ten. Don't tell me you're just leaving work."

"Okay, I won't. Actually, I'm glad you called. There's a chance your case could get bumped to the front of my line. What's your estimate of the postmortem interval on this thing?"

Kelsey paused. "I'd say six months to a year."

"Hmm..."

"That's a loaded hmm. What's going on?"

The Delphi Center's electronic gates parted. Mia waved at the guard and rolled through, then turned onto the two-lane highway that would take her into San Marcos.

"It's possible your case could be related to an ongoing federal investigation," Mia said.

"You're kidding."

"It's a missing person case. About three months ago I got a bone sample in from Del Rio, which isn't far from you. I was asked to use mitochondrial DNA and get a profile for comparison with a known sample. It was all very urgent. The agent who brought me the sample-"

"Wait a second. Are we talking FBI?"

Mia didn't say anything, knowing her silence would be confirmation enough.

"Why wouldn't they send it to Quantico?"

"I'm not sure," Mia said. "But from what I gather, this investigator had an in at the Delphi Center and knew he could get a quick turnaround. I was ordered to analyze it ASAP, and that's just what I did."

"And?"

"And the results weren't what they had hoped. Whoever their missing person is, the bone isn't his."

"His?"

"The missing person is male. Have you determined the sex on these bones yet?"

"I think so," Kelsey said. "We found the femur this afternoon and I've been working on it all night. I can tell you it's human, large in stature, probably male. And definitely an adult."

"If the bone has been there six months to a year that would fit with my case, too."

"Do the feds have dental records on this missing person?" Kelsey asked.

"I'm not sure. Why?"

"He's got some distinctive dental work. Expensive. You should get our forensic odontologist to take a look."

"I'll do that."

"Are you going to fill me in on what this is about?"

Mia heard the annoyance in her friend's voice. They didn't normally keep secrets but, in this case, it wasn't Mia's decision.

"I wish I could," she said. "I'll let you know what develops. Probably by late tomorrow."

"Tomorrow? Mia, come on. What in the world is this about?"

"I don't know yet," she lied. "But I'll tell you more as soon as I can."

KELSEY HUNG UP the satellite phone, baffled. She walked over to the stove and stirred her pot of soup as she tried to decipher Mia's words.

The Delphi Center was known for its rapid turnaround time. It was one of the things that set the lab apart from publicly funded crime labs around the country. But in her three years as a tracer, Kelsey had never once had one of her cases get bumped to the front of the line. And she'd worked on some high-profile investigations.

What had she stumbled into?

A light tap sounded at the door and her pulse jumped. Maybe it was Gage. He'd been standoffish earlier, and she'd been feeling snubbed.

She opened the door to find Dr. Robles standing in the drizzle. He wore a yellow rain slicker, and with his gray beard he looked like the fisherman from those seafood commercials.

"I've finished my examination of your femur," he said, pushing his glasses higher on the bridge of his nose. "I concur with most of your findings, but I think your height estimate is a bit high. I would say five-eleven."

"Thanks for the second opinion." Kelsey opened the door wider and waved a hand at the stove. "Would you like a bowl of soup? I was just about to eat."

"Thank you, no. I should get to bed." He glanced uneasily over his left shoulder. "But you might offer the same hospitality to your friend."

"What?"

"Your police detective." The professor's look turned disapproving. "He shouldn't have to sleep in the rain."

Kelsey poked her head outside and spotted the long dark lump beneath one of the nearby shade tarps.

"Oh my God." She stalked over to him. "Gage! What are you doing?"

He opened one eye and peered up at her in the dimness. "Trying to get some sleep."

"You can't sleep out here!"

"Not with you yelling at me."

"But... I thought you were in your truck."

"Decided to stretch out tonight."

"Get up. This is ridiculous. You don't even have a sleeping bag." He was using his duffel for a pillow, for crying out loud.

"Kelsey, I'm fine. Go back to bed."

"I'm not in bed. And there's no way I can sleep tonight knowing you're out in this rain. Come inside."

He sighed heavily and dropped his arm over his face. "Kelsey, come on. I can't sleep with you. Jesus. If Joe finds out-"

"I didn't ask you to sleep with me. You can sleep on my floor. Inside."

He gazed up at her and she crossed her arms, adamant.

Finally, he got to his feet. He wore the same jeans and T-shirt he'd had on earlier, and he'd gone to bed with his gun on. Was he really that worried about her safety?

He shoved his feet into the boots parked beneath one of the worktables. "You're trying my patience, Quinn. I was almost asleep."

She turned her back on him and went inside the camper. She moved a few stacks of books, then retrieved the sleeping bag from her fold-out bed and spread it out on the floor. She'd settle for a blanket tonight.

Gage stood in the doorway, watching her. His gaze shifted to the stove.

She tossed him a dish towel. "You told me you ate already."

"I did."

She watched him dry off, trying to imagine what he'd put together for his dinner while she'd been in here buried in work.

"I've got chicken tortilla soup," she said.

"Really, I'm okay." He glanced at the stove again.

Kelsey took a clean bowl from the milk crate where she stored her dishes. It was one of her few indulgences. She didn't mind cold showers, and Laundromats, and no phones all summer. But she despised eating with paper plates and plastic utensils, so she brought dishes from home. She filled a bowl with steamy soup and put it on the table.

Gage stepped onto the camper, finally, and looked around for a place to stash his duffel.

"Under the table's fine," she said. "You can move those books."

Gage stowed his bag and slid onto the bench seat. His long legs stuck out into the middle of the room.

"Sorry about the clutter." Kelsey put two spoons on the table, then filled another bowl with soup and slid onto the seat beside him.

Gage rubbed his eyes and sighed.

"You weren't really asleep, were you?"

His gaze met hers. "No."

She sampled her soup. It was hot and spicy and the chicken chucks were tender. Kelsey wasn't much of a cook, but Gage took a bite and didn't leap up from the table in disgust, so she took that as a good sign.

"You know," she said, "I do know a few things about SEALs. I'm pretty close to my uncle."

He watched her as he scooped up another bite.

"I know about BUD/S training, and Hell Week, and all those practice missions on San Clemente Island and up in Alaska."

"What's your point?"

"My point is, you don't have to act like Superman all the time. I'm already impressed."

Their gazes locked. She'd told him she was impressed. And she was. She had an incredible amount of admiration for these talented men who dedicated themselves to training and practicing and honing their skills in order to be part of one of the most elite fighting forces in the world. She felt the same admiration for her uncle.

But along with her admiration for Gage-and every other man in his profession-was something more. Something that had nothing to do with his job and everything to do with the way her pulse raced whenever he came near her. She'd never responded to a stranger this way, and she wasn't sure exactly what to do about it. He'd be gone in a few days. She needed to remember that.

Maybe this was just about sex. And maybe, as Mia had so often suggested, Kelsey needed a rebound man. Her ex-boyfriend Blake lived in suits and went through life with a BlackBerry attached to his ear. He hated camping and kept hand sanitizer stashed in his glove compartment for emergencies. A hardened warrior he was not.

Kelsey eyed Gage's T-shirt. Today's was desert-brown instead of olive drab, and the collar was slightly frayed. It would be tough to imagine a man less like Blake, and maybe that explained her fascination. Ever since Gage had shown up she'd felt edgy.

But it was a good edgy. A warm-feeling-low-in-the-belly kind of edgy.

Gage tipped his bowl to get the very last spoonful. He glanced up at her with those impossibly blue eyes. "What?"

"Nothing."

Nothing was right. He was leaving soon, and this was going nowhere.

Kelsey got up and felt his gaze on her as she retrieved a couple of beers from the minifridge.

Gage raised an eyebrow. "Drinking on the job?"

"I'm done for the night." She used the cuff of her sweatshirt to twist the cap off her bottle. "Here's to silver-bullet assignments."

He gave her a look she couldn't read. Then he twisted his cap off and clinked bottles with her.

KELSEY MADE A mean bowl of soup and she liked Miller Genuine Draft. All the more reason for him to get his butt back out there in the rain.

And he would. Eventually. He planned to do some reconnaissance tonight while she was asleep. But for now sitting inside her messy camper and watching her put away dinner felt just a little too good.

And so he stayed. And watched her. She'd changed into boxer shorts and a sweatshirt and he tried not to notice how good her legs looked without any shoes on. Gage forced himself to look away and wondered, again, what the hell Joe had been thinking sending him out here. Did he realize what he was asking? It was like sending a man across the desert and then asking him to guard a glass of water.

Gage cleared his throat. "Guess we needed this rain, huh?"

She gave him an amused look over her shoulder. Shit, had he really just teed up a conversation about the weather?

"It's okay, I guess." She got them two more brews and joined him back at the table. "Not a problem for the dig, but I doubt it will help our search-and-recovery effort."

It was a good point. A very obvious one, too. And when he got back to San Diego, Gage really needed to hit the bars with his buddies and brush up on some of his conversation skills.

She was sitting beside him now, looking at him. The only light in the place came from a battery-powered lantern across the room, and she was half in shadow.

"Are you ever planning to tell me about this favor you owe my uncle?"

He untwisted the cap from her bottle and slid it to her. Then he twisted the cap off his. "What favor's that?"

She tucked a lock of that auburn hair behind her ear and smiled. "The one that gives him the right to put you on seven days of babysitting detail?"

Gage took a sip, stalling. He rested the bottle on the table. "He can put me on any detail he wants. He's my CO."

She rolled her eyes. "Yes, but you're off duty. You said you were on leave."

Gage shrugged. "Once a SEAL, always a SEAL." It was a lame answer, but that's all she was going to get. He wasn't about to sit here and rehash the worst night of his life. He wasn't going to sit here and tell her how he'd spent the past three months fighting depression and how he could easily be out of a job right now if her uncle hadn't intervened.

"O-kay. I guess it's off-limits." She looked away, obviously stung by the brush-off, and he felt mean. She checked her watch. "It's getting late, anyway. I should get to bed." She started to stand up and he caught her arm.

"Joe Quinn's the best Texas hold 'em player I ever met. You play?"

She looked at him as if he'd just asked her if she was terrorist insurgent. "Are you kidding?"

"No."

"He taught me when I was, like, seven or something. I'll kick your butt."

"Doubtful." He reached under the table and retrieved a deck of cards from his seabag.

"Oh, sure. Like I'm going to let you provide the cards."

He made a show of peeling off the cellophane, relieved that the awkwardness had disappeared. "It just so happens I picked up these cards a week ago."

"Where?" she asked.

"You always this suspicious?"

"Joe taught me to gamble, so yes."

"O'Hare Airport." He removed the jokers and shuffled the deck. When he was finished he let her cut the cards.

"What are we betting?" she asked. "I don't keep cash around ever since the break-in. Oh, wait." She popped up and disappeared into the back of the camper. He heard her shuffling around, and then she returned with four rolls of quarters. "Laundry money," she said, dropping the rolls on the tables.

Gage dug a twenty-dollar bill out of his bag and traded it for two of the rolls.

He dealt. She picked up her cards, and a wicked smile spread across her face, as if he'd just given her a pair of aces. But he saw straight through her bluff.

He checked his cards. He'd play five or six hands with her. Ten, tops. He glanced across the table. Her tongue swept over her upper lip as she contemplated her cards.

Gage's gut tightened. This was a bad idea. He should be doing recon right now, not playing poker with his CO's niece.

He looked at Kelsey. He looked at his cards. And he knew, with certainty, that this wasn't going to be his lucky night.

Six

The bones were buried in a shallow grave about thirty yards west of the highway. It wasn't ground-penetrating radar or a metal detector or any other gadget that led to their discovery, but rather the eagle-eyed gaze of a seventy-two-year-old anthropologist.

"Nature doesn't like straight lines," Dr. Robles had said, after calling Kelsey over to have a look at the rectangular pile of rocks. They hardly stood out against the stony creek bed but Robles was right-on close inspection the arrangement looked man-made.

After it became clear what he'd found, Robles returned to the shade of the caves, taking most of the students with him. A few stragglers loitered behind, clearly more interested in recent bones than ancient ones.

Kelsey shut out all distractions now as she worked within the string boundaries she'd staked out around the site. After thoroughly photographing the area, she'd removed dozens of rocks, examining each for any sign of trace evidence before laying it aside. After just the first layer she'd begun to find scraps of rotten clothing and human bones: an ulna, a radius, several metacarpals. When the full arm took shape, she stood up and photographed it from multiple angles before moving on to the thoracic cage.

The sun blazed down. The minutes crawled by. She was at the digging stage now, and with every scoop of her trowel and swipe of her brush her sense of alarm grew. A leather belt. A scrap of rope. The tattered remnants of a pair of blue jeans.

A shadow fell over her, and she glanced up, expecting to see Aaron. Instead it was Gage, who'd spent the better part of the day on the hillside, watching God only knew what through his binoculars.

Kelsey returned her attention to the form emerging from the dirt. She carefully dusted a humerus with her boar's hair brush, knowing that any marks left behind by a metal tool could be mistaken later for signs of violence.

"Still no sheriff," she muttered.

"A deputy's on his way," Gage said. "Sattler just called the phone at the dig site."

Kelsey gritted her teeth. It was late afternoon. She could have used the sheriff's help this morning.

Gage knelt beside her, respecting the string boundary she'd erected around the grave. He watched her for a moment.

"You all right?" he asked in a low voice.

"Fine."

"You're shaking."

"Adrenaline," she said. "It always happens to me."

"Anything I can help with?"

"Not unless you want to be subpoenaed to testify at a murder trial."

Gage glanced down at the remains as she brushed away another clump of dirt. It was the rope. Seeing this man's wrists still trapped in their bindings made her feel... not anger, exactly, but a consuming sense of injustice.

Gage put a hand on her shoulder. "You need some water?"

"I just need to concentrate." She glanced up. His blue eyes were filled with compassion, and she realized she was being brusque.

She sat back on her haunches and sighed. "I'm fine, thank you."

He leaned over and kissed her. Just a soft brush of his lips against hers.

A few seconds ticked by before she could speak.

"What was that for?"

"I don't know." His hand dropped away. "You looked sad."

For a moment, they stared at each other. Then he stood up, and she realized there was a car coming. She got to her feet and recovered her composure as a sheriff's cruiser pulled off the road. The deputy parked and got out, then retrieved something from the backseat.

To her acute disappointment, it wasn't a cadaver dog.

"Dr. Quinn?"

Both Kelsey and Gage turned around to see Aaron trekking across the creek bed. Everything about her field assistant, from his tone of voice to his expression, telegraphed disapproval, and Kelsey knew he'd seen the kiss.

She snapped off her surgical gloves and stuffed them in her pocket. "What is it, Aaron?"

"We've got a problem. Dylan is missing."

"He's on the escarpment, photographing the petroglyphs." She looked around for her water bottle. Where had she left it?

"That was after lunch. No one's seen him since two."

"Where's Jeannie?" Gage asked. "Maybe they're taking a little break at the mine shaft."

Kelsey looked at Gage, surprised how clued in he was.

"Yes, ask Jeannie," Kelsey said. "She probably knows."

"She's the one who told me he's missing," Aaron said. "Apparently they had an argument, and no one's seen or heard from him in two hours."

"I have." This from Rohit, who'd just walked over from the other side of the creek bed. "I saw him back at camp. He asked me to go get a beer with him, said he was knocking off early today."

"He's supposed to be working the ossuary," Aaron complained.

"This is why we have a sign-out sheet." Kelsey checked her watch, annoyed. It was nearly four and Sattler's deputy was just now arriving. He trudged toward them with a sour look on his face and a metal detector in his hand.

She turned to Aaron. "See if you can reach him by sat phone. If he's in town, maybe his cell is working. In the meantime, I've got to get these bones out of the ground before nightfall."

Aaron walked off in a huff, but Kelsey didn't much care. She didn't have time to track down truant grad students. The forecast called for rain tonight, which meant the clock was ticking on this excavation.

"If you're good here-"

"I am," she told Gage.

"In that case, I'll help the deputy. Maybe we can locate a shell casing."

"Start here first." Kelsey glanced around, looking for any unnatural rock patterns. "I think there's another grave."

"You're saying we've got two victims?"

She stared down at the remains protruding from the soil. "At least."

"How do you know?"

She lifted her gaze to his. "Because this one isn't missing a femur."

GAGE STOOD IN Kelsey's camper and practiced the SEAL art of making himself invisible. He didn't contribute to the debate. Not because he lacked an opinion, but because no matter what Kelsey and Robles concluded Gage had already decided on a battle plan.

"I don't see how much more secure it could be," Kelsey was saying. "We've got a sheriff's deputy patrolling the area and a"-she turned to Gage and seemed to bite her tongue on the word "SEAL"-"an armed law enforcement officer right here in camp."

Robles nodded. "And their presence is appreciated. But I can no longer overlook the situation. Our dig is located near a dangerous highway. Two fresh graves are ample evidence-"

"Those crimes occurred months ago." Kelsey turned to the stove and stirred the soup she was making. "And what about the students? Some of them are conducting research for their dissertations. They paid good money to attend this field school, and we haven't finished what we came here to do."

Robles shot Gage a look that seemed to say, "Help me out here." When Gage didn't throw him a lifeline the old man stood up from the table.

"Dissertations don't matter in the scheme of things, Dr. Quinn." He picked up his gray fishing hat and arranged it on his head. "Given the way you spend most of your professional time, I would think you'd know that by now."

Kelsey stood silently, her expression a mixture of frustration and acceptance. She knew she'd lost.

"When the students arrive in the morning we'll start packing. I want all the equipment loaded by ten." Robles nodded at Gage. "Good night, sir. I thank you for keeping an eye on my field supervisor this evening."

The incensed look on Kelsey's face as he left the camper was comical, but Gage didn't dare laugh. He kept his expression carefully neutral as she slammed around the kitchen.

"This is bullshit," she muttered. "If I were a man, this wouldn't even be up for discussion."

"Yeah, but you're not a man," Gage felt compelled to point out. "And he's right. This isn't a safe place to be right now. Ultimately, Robles is responsible for everyone here, and you can't expect him to take risks with their safety."

"I'm responsible for my safety." Kelsey waved her wooden spoon at him. "I've got my own private security detail. How much safer could I get? And I still haven't finished my work here."

Gage pulled two soup bowls from the crate where she kept her dishes. He was starving, and he was pretty sure she was in no mood to wait on him. "You were too busy getting mad to listen. Robles didn't say anything about you leaving. He was talking about the field school."

Kelsey rested a hand on her hip and watched him ladle soup. "You're saying I should continue helping Sattler?"

He put the bowls on the table and sat down. "Eat," he ordered. "And no, I'm not saying you should do anything. But I know you're going to. I know you're invested in this thing, and you're not going to leave until you've finished. I plan to stick around until that happens."

She watched him warily, then joined him at the table. "You'll really stay?"

"I said I would." He scooped up a bite of beef stew. It tasted incredible, and he knew he'd never be able to look at the MRE version with quite the same gusto.

"Thank you," she said quietly.

"I've got some rules, though."

"I knew it."

"We're moving you into town, starting tonight. You can get a room at the lodge. And you're only going to work during daylight hours. And no driving alone. You can pack after dinner."

He held her gaze as anger flashed in her eyes. This woman didn't like taking orders. Too damn bad. He wanted her in town, in an actual building, behind an actual door, not camped out in this piece of shit RV.

Gage needed a break from this place, too. If he had to spend another night in that sleeping bag that smelled like her, all the while knowing she was curled up, soft and warm in that bed just a few feet away, he was going to start howling at the moon.

Gage considered himself a disciplined man, but he didn't have nearly the willpower he needed to spend another night alone in Kelsey Quinn's sleeping bag. He'd already slipped up once today by kissing her at the creek bed. It had been pure impulse, a gut reaction to something he'd seen in her eyes. It had also been a mistake.

"What?" Gage asked, as she gave him a peevish look.

"I'm just thinking it's no wonder you're a lieutenant. You're very comfortable giving orders. Reminds me of Joe."

Gage watched her get up and take a pair of beers from the minifridge. He realized he knew very little about her background besides the fact that she was his CO's niece.

As she sat down, he twisted the caps off both beers and slid one to her. "I take it you're from San Diego?" he asked.

"Not originally, why?"

"You said you were close to Joe, so I just assumed."

"We moved down from Seattle when I was nine. After my dad died." She eyed him over the rim of her beer and seemed to read his mind. "Car accident," she added.

Shit. "That must have been..." He shook his head. "Sorry. I shouldn't have brought it up."

"No, it's okay." She turned her bottle on the table. She didn't look upset to be talking about it, just... resigned, as if the pain had been processed a long time ago. "It was my birthday. He'd driven up to Bellingham to pick up my present." She glanced up at him and rolled her eyes. "It was a puppy. I'd been begging my parents for months. My dad found a litter of Weimaraner puppies for sale, so he was on his way to get one when a logging truck hit him."

Gage didn't say anything. But as he looked at her he knew he'd been wrong. The pain was still very real, she'd just learned to mask it.

"That must have been rough," he said, knowing exactly how inadequate that sounded.

"We got through it. But I've always felt guilty, you know? Like I caused it." She looked up at him and her expression was thoughtful. "Do you ever wonder how your life might be different if you could go back and change just one thing?"

Gage stared at her. It was like she'd reached out and slapped him. Had Joe told her about Adam Mays? Or was his paranoid imagination screwing with him again?

"Sorry. Too much information, right?" She gave him a phony smile. "When you asked about San Diego, you probably wanted to talk about the Padres, huh?"

The sat phone rang and she jumped up to answer it, saving him from a response. It was the DNA woman, Mia, and Gage distracted himself by listening in on their conversation.

"That's right, two," Kelsey said. "We discovered the second grave late this afternoon, but I didn't want to start in case we got rain tonight... Yes... Uh-huh. It's been disturbed by animals." She moved to the window. "Say that again? It's raining here and my reception's bad."

Gage watched her talk to her friend. She rested her hand on her hip and tipped her head to the side, as if considering something. She wore shorts again tonight, and he couldn't stop looking at her legs. That first day, he'd thought they were skinny, but now he knew there was nothing skinny about her. She had the perfect body-all long, slender limbs and squeezable curves.

She caught him staring and he looked away.

"Gage found it, using a metal detector. It was near some spent shell casings. When we excavate tomorrow, I won't be surprised if we find a slug mixed in with the bones." She turned her back on him and parted the blinds to peer out the window. "Oh. Yeah, he's... he's new on the dig."

Gage let his gaze roam around her camper as she exchanged shop talk with Mia. Her computer was stowed in the corner, atop a pile of files. Towers of books lined the walls. The sleeping bag he'd used last night had been rolled up neatly and tossed beside a stack of archaeology journals. Gage sighed. This had never happened before. Most of the women he dated tended toward the vapid, cheerleader type, groupies who hung around Coronado for the express purpose of picking up SEALs.

Kelsey was about the least vapid woman he'd ever met, and she in no way resembled a cheerleader. Gage would be willing to bet she'd spent all of high school with her nose in a book.

He looked at her legs again. For the first time in his life he'd fallen in lust with a nerd.

"I'm getting that advice from all sides now," Kelsey told her friend. "I'm moving tonight. I'm sure I'll be safe and sound at the lodge, so you can quit worrying."

She turned to face him when she got off the phone. "That was Mia. She wants that second set of bones as soon as I get them excavated. The FBI's been calling her."

"The FBI?"

"Something about a missing-person's case. Mia thinks the missing person could be one of their agents. They're really pressuring her for an ID."

The sat phone rang again and she picked it up.

"Hello?" She listened neutrally for a moment, and then her face clouded with worry. "Are you sure? Rohit said-" She paused, then crossed the trailer and jerked the door open. Rain pelted it as she peered outside. "Well, he's not here. Have you tried the lodge?" She closed the door and shot Gage an anxious look. "Okay, call me if you find him."

"Dylan's still AWOL?" he said after she hung up.

"He's not at the bar, the diner, or the lodge."

"Car trouble, maybe?"

"No one spotted him on the way into town."

Gage's gaze settled on the camera that was sitting on a chair beside Kelsey's baseball cap, and something he'd wondered about this afternoon was back in his head.

"Maybe he never went to town," he said.

"Where else would he go? There aren't a lot of options around here."

"I'm not sure." He stood up and grabbed his keys off the table. "But I've got an idea."

IN THE FADING light the petroglyphs looked oddly modern, like some strange graffiti made by pre-Columbian teenagers. Kelsey stepped back from the rocks, trying to imagine where Dylan would have stood to capture the most impressive angle.

"Are we sure he was up here earlier?" she asked Gage.

"You said that, not me. I haven't seen the guy today."

She surveyed the area for clues. "He said he was coming up here. His research includes these engravings."

"Well, his footprints are here."

She turned to Gage.

"Two sets of tracks, one coming in, one going out. Keen hiking boots, size ten."

She gaped at him. "You know his shoe size?"

He shrugged. "It's an estimate. But the boots, I know. I noticed them the other day because I used to have a pair." Gage pointed to a footprint in the dust. The limestone overhang had kept the rain from obliterating it. "See that? The logo's part of the tread."

She looked at him with a renewed sense of appreciation. Her "hired hunk of muscle" comment had been way off base, and she felt a twinge of remorse. How would she have felt if he referred to her as a piece of meat? But he'd treated her with nothing but respect since his arrival. He was firm, yes, but always respectful.

Gage was looking out over the valley now. He glanced at her over his shoulder. "Come here for a sec."

"What?"

He took her arm and tugged her over, then turned her until she was facing due south. He left his hands on her shoulders and she pretended to be relaxed.

"What am I looking at?"

"Same thing Dylan was probably looking at when he was up here with his zoom lens."

"Okay." She took a deep breath and tried to concentrate on the landscape. It was twilight and everything was washed with periwinkle. No shadows. Just endless desert dotted with scrub brush and the distant vegetation line that marked the Rio Grande.

"I still don't know what I'm looking at."

Gage sighed, clearly disappointed with her powers of observation.

"Hey, I was never an Eagle Scout," she said. "You're going to have to spell it out for me."

His hands dropped away. "This is the same view we had from on top of that mercury mine the other night. Remember with the night-vision goggles?" He pointed at something straight in front of them. "I was looking right at that mesa. At that same stand of mesquite trees, in fact."

She turned around. "I was stuck in the cave with all the bats. You were the one traipsing around with the high-tech toys."

"Okay, point is, what if Dylan was out here taking pictures and he saw the same thing I saw? Maybe he got curious later and decided to drive out there and take a look."

"You're talking about the vanishing SUV?"

"Or whatever it was." Gage's attention was fixed on the horizon now. He shrugged out of the backpack he always carried and unzipped it, then pulled out a pair of binoculars. "You see his black Explorer down there?"

"I can hardly see anything. It's getting dark."

"I'm thinking maybe he left the dig site to go get a beer, like he told Rohit, then decided to take a little detour first to do some exploring."

The idea made Kelsey's stomach knot. She envisioned one of her students down in that valley, near where that girl had been dragged from her car and shot. She scanned the horizon, desperate now for any sign of the SUV. Would Dylan really have driven down there?

Gage passed her the binoculars. "I don't see jack."

"What about the night goggles?"

"Not dark enough yet."

Kelsey peered through the binoculars. The light was terrible. If his car was out there, would she even be able to spot it? She saw a clump of mesquite trees. A twisted oak. A dip in the landscape. More mesquite.

And then she spied something. Black. Rectangular. Poking out from behind a clump of scrub brush.

"Oh, God."

"What is it?" Gage asked.

"I'm not sure. Probably nothing." But the knot in her stomach tightened because she knew she was wrong. It was something. Something that didn't belong down there.

Nature doesn't like straight lines.

"Oh God, Gage." She looked up at him. "I think I might have found his Explorer."

"MAYBE IT'S JUST a stalled car."

Gage turned to look at her as the pickup bumped over ruts in the primitive highway. He didn't say anything. He couldn't. He didn't want to encourage her to get her hopes up.

"Or maybe he had a flat." Kelsey stared straight ahead through the windshield as the headlights lit up the muddy road. "He'd stay with his vehicle, right? I mean, if he couldn't get a cell signal. That's what they say. If you're stranded in the desert, don't leave your car."

Her voice was firm, confident. As if saying it with enough conviction would make it reality.

Gage was pretty sure he knew the kind of reality they were going to find when they drove up on Dylan's Explorer. It wasn't going to be pretty. And no matter how many skeletons Kelsey had pulled from the ground, it was going to hurt her. It was different when it was someone you knew.

"Try my cell again." Gage fished his phone from the cup holder and handed it to her, mainly as a distraction. "Maybe we'll luck out, get a signal. Sattler can't be doing anything tonight, right?"

Like a robot, Kelsey dialed the numbers. Again, no dice. She let the phone drop into her lap and just stared out the window.

She felt responsible, and Gage ached for her. He knew that feeling well, and it sucked. And to make things worse, he knew this was a bad idea. What they should have done was double back for the sat phone and call the sheriff out here. But Gage had seen the look on Kelsey's face after she'd spotted the SUV. No amount of persuasion would have kept her away. If Dylan was out here alive, he probably needed help, and Sattler wasn't known for his quick response time.

Gage tore his gaze away from Kelsey and focused on driving. This was a crappy road under normal conditions, but with the rain earlier it had become a mud pit. The highway jogged east and Gage slowed as he pulled off. The headlight beams bounced along the pitted terrain, lighting up cacti and rocks and scraggly bushes. He tried to drive by feel, letting his tires find the natural path that had been carved out by repeated use. This was the most basic kind of road-no pavement, not even gravel, just a strip of land made bald as people sought out the shortest distance between point A and point B.

The headlights flashed over a clump of mesquite trees. He spotted an odd-shaped boulder that looked familiar. This was the spot.

But no black Ford Explorer.

Gage rolled to a stop beneath a gnarled oak tree and parked. He reached into the back of the cab and retrieved his rucksack, which contained a collection of weaponry, including his backup gun. He tucked the pistol into the waistband of his jeans as Kelsey watched him, wide-eyed.

"When I get out, scoot into the driver's seat," he said. She had her radio clipped to her belt alongside her gun, and he reached over her to switch it on. "Keep the engine running. If anyone approaches you, take off."

"But what about you?"

"Get your Ruger ready. And don't be afraid to use it if you feel threatened. You got that?"

"No. I'm coming with you."

"I need you to stay in the truck," he said. "It's not safe for you to-" She pushed open the door and got out. "Goddamn it, Kelsey!"

She stalked right over to the stand of mesquite. She did a complete turn and gestured at the trees. "It was just here a minute ago. I saw it. How could it disappear like that?"

Gage scanned the area for threats as he joined her beside the trees. He'd never met a woman who was so bullheaded.

"I need you back in the truck while I look around."

She turned to face him. "It was here. Right near this weird boulder. I saw a black SUV sticking out from these trees. You saw it, too." Her eyes looked slightly wild now as she glanced around in the dimness. "Am I going crazy here? Is this the Bermuda Triangle?"

"No." Gage wasn't sure what it was. But he had a hunch the explanation was frighteningly simple.

Giving up on getting her back in the pickup, he pulled her closer to the big rock. "Stay here. And be quiet a second."

She fell silent, and Gage took a full minute to absorb his surroundings. To their west was a low mesa. Less than a mile south, the river. The valley rose gently to their north until it butted up against the limestone cliffs that marked the southwest boundary of the dig site.

Gage looked west, where the sun had disappeared behind the mesa. Night was falling faster than usual because of the cloud cover, and in ten minutes it would be nearly impossible to see.

"Stay here," he repeated, squeezing Kelsey's shoulder to reinforce the command. Then he moved off toward the boulder.

The rain had stopped, but the air felt saturated, and he knew it was going to be one of those on-again off-again storm nights. Thunder rumbled low to the north, as if echoing his thoughts. Wind rustled through the scrub brush. An animal snarled in the distance, but he heard not a single sound that resembled a motor.

His eyes had adjusted, and he could still see somewhat, despite the coming darkness. He walked all the way around the rock, looking for any sign of Dylan or his SUV, half expecting to stumble over the guy's bullet-riddled body. He circled the clump of trees. He even pulled out a penlight and combed the ground around them.

Fresh tire tracks, leading back toward the highway. But no Dylan.

Gage stood there, running through scenarios. Dylan could have been out here changing a tire, then left, just as they'd been coming to his rescue. But, if so, why hadn't they passed him on his way back to camp?

The kid could have heard them coming and been afraid for some reason and driven away. Maybe he'd been injured by someone or something and had just now made it back to his vehicle.

He could be dead, and someone could have taken his SUV.

Gage made his way back to Kelsey, letting his flashlight beam trail over the ground.

"Gage," she hissed. "Come look at this."

And that's when he spotted it.

Camouflage netting tossed carelessly over some bushes. Only it wasn't careless at all. And suddenly everything fit together-the traffic, the shootings, the disappearing vehicles. He crouched down and lifted a corner of the netting, revealing a small metal grate.

"Gage, you have to-oh!"

He whirled around. "Kelsey?"

She didn't answer.

Seven

Kelsey blinked up at the blackness. She couldn't see. She couldn't breathe. She tried to sit up but it felt like sandbags were piled on top of her chest.

"Kelsey, answer me, damn it! Where are you?"

She opened her mouth to talk but all that came out was a strangled cough.

"Kelsey?"

His voice was moving farther away, and she summoned every ounce of strength to turn onto her side and push herself up on an elbow. "Here," she wheezed.

He was beside her in a heartbeat. His hands were all over her-her arms, her legs, her face.

"Are you okay? Did you break anything?"

"I hit my... solar plexus... knocked the wind out." She was getting her breath back but she still couldn't see, and she clung to Gage's arms. A flashlight blinked on.

"Is anything broken?" He shined the light in her face and she squinted. "You fell about ten feet."

"I'm fine." She experimented, moving her legs, her arms. "My coccyx hurts a little, but-"

"Your what?"

"My tailbone. I'm fine otherwise."

The light blinked off, and his quiet laughter surrounded her. At some point he'd put his arms around her, and she leaned into him now, absorbing his heat as she tried to catch her breath.

"Guess you're all right if you still know your anatomy." He eased her away. "Can you stand up, you think?"

He helped her to her feet. She felt unsteady so she held onto his arm.

She glanced around. The air felt cool and damp, but she still couldn't see anything. "What is this hole?"

"Not a hole. A tunnel."

She blinked into the darkness and turned around. There seemed to be more light behind her, a very faint glow.

"A tunnel," she repeated. "You mean like a mine shaft? I saw an opening. It's probably a mercury mine."

"It's not. Maybe it was at one time but that's not what it is now. It's a border tunnel." The light flashed on again, and he directed it over the walls around them.

"Oh, my gosh," she murmured.

The passageway was wide and tall. They both could have stretched their arms out and not touched the sides. And unlike the mine shaft near the dig site, these walls were made of cinder blocks.

"They have these between San Diego and Tijuana," Gage said. "But I've never heard of any in the middle of nowhere like this. And I've never heard of any this big."

He switched off the light and began guiding her toward the dimly lit end, which must be the way out. She'd thought it was dark outside, but this was an entirely different level of blackness.

"This is huge," she said. "Big enough to drive a truck through."

"From the smell of it someone has."

She sniffed the air and realized how else this place was different from the mine shaft. Instead of guano, she smelled gasoline fumes.

Gage halted.

"What?"

"Someone's coming."

She heard it then, the faint rumble of a truck. It was coming from the direction of the glow. From outside.

"Where do we go?" she yelped.

"Don't panic." And then he was towing her into the blackness, deeper into the tunnel.

She resisted. "But we don't know what's in there."

He pulled her against the wall and moved faster. "I'm feeling for a door. A turn. Anything where we can duck out of sight."

The rumble grew louder until it was nearly a roar. They were running now, and her foot caught on something as she struggled to keep up.

"Come on."

"I'm coming." Her heart galloped. Her legs burned. She moved as fast as she could but the noise was closing in. He hooked an arm around her waist and practically lifted her off her feet as they surged forward. The noise was like a freight train bearing down on them.

"Gage!"

Lights illuminated the far side of the tunnel as the truck rounded a bend. In an instant, they'd be lit up by headlights and mowed down. Suddenly her arm jerked sideways and she was smashed against a wall, Gage's body pressed against her.

"Don't move," he yelled into her ear.

He'd found some kind of nook, and she was flattened against the back of it as the engine noise reverberated all around, making even the walls shake. Kelsey held her breath as the tunnel brightened and the noise became deafening.

And then it receded. Just like that, it was fading away, along with the light.

Gage eased back a fraction and Kelsey let out a breath. She was still clinging to him, gripping his T-shirt in her fists. Something hard dug into her neck and her back.

"You okay?"

"Uh-huh." She managed to let go of him.

"That was close," he said, and the utter calm in his voice sounded unnatural. Her feet were frozen in place. Her heart hammered.

"Come on," He took her hand and tugged. "Let's get out of here before it happens again."

Numbly, she took a step forward and pushed off the wall. She paused for a second and turned around but it was too dark to see what she'd felt.

"There could be more, Kels. We need to move it."

"Wait." She curled her fingers around something straight and wooden. She pulled her other hand free and groped around. "I think I found a ladder."

GAGE PUSHED UP the grate and moved it aside, then swiped away the camo netting. He climbed out of the hole and reached a hand down for Kelsey.

"Careful. That last rung is a bigger stretch."

She hoisted herself up onto the ground and brushed the hair from her eyes.

Gage glanced around, on alert for even the slightest noise. Whatever traffic was moving through here, he didn't want Kelsey anywhere near it.

He stood up and pulled her to her feet. It was dark out but not as dark as in the tunnel, and he was able to get his bearings from the shadow of the ridge to the west of them. They were southeast of the big boulder. He still hadn't laid eyes on the supposed "mine" entrance, but he guessed it was tucked into the nearby canyon wall.

"What is this, some sort of ventilation hole?"

Gage replaced the grate and the netting. "Air. People. Guess anything can move through it."

He took her arm and led her toward the spot where he'd parked the pickup. He chose his steps carefully, wanting to avoid another uncovered hole. Beside him, she was limping slightly, and he knew her fall had been worse than she'd admitted.

"You think Dylan found this place?"

He heard the dread in her voice. But as much as he wanted to, he couldn't candy coat it for her. "Yes."

The word hung over them as they trekked back to the boulder. "I found something interesting, too, while I was looking for you. There was a big delivery truck parked near the entrance to the tunnel."

"Did anyone see you?"

"Don't know. The truck was empty but there might have been a security cam."

"How do you know it was empty?"

"Cargo door was up. No one in the cab." Gage stopped and looked around. A few more paces and he stopped again. He studied the shadows. He consulted the compass on his watch. He pulled out his penlight and beamed it around uselessly.

"Well, f**k me."

Kelsey moved closer. "What now?"

"They stole my truck."

She halted beside him. "You can't be serious."

"I'm completely serious."

Gage did a three-sixty but it was no use. He knew where he'd parked the damn thing. They'd f**king boosted his pickup.

He took a few steps toward the boulder and the hair on the back of his neck stood up.

"This has to be a mistake. Maybe-"

"Shh!" He jerked her down beside him as he pulled out his SIG.

"What?"

"Quiet." He eased close to her, until his mouth was nearly touching her ear. "Two men, about fifty yards east of us. Walking this way."

Rat-tat-tat-tat!

He hauled Kelsey behind the nearest boulder, then whirled in the direction of the gunfire. A muzzle flashed, maybe eighty yards south.

Two shooters directly south. And two men approaching from the east, probably armed.

Another staccato of bullets, and Kelsey yelped beside him.

"Oh, my God, Gage!" She crouched in a tight little ball against the rock.

He rested his arms on top of the boulder and peered over it. Another muzzle flash, about fifty yards out.

"Why don't you shoot back?"

"That'll give away our location," he said. "Their aim's all over the place. I don't think they know where we are."

Another rat-tat-tat-tat.

Gage cursed. He needed to get her out of here before these a**holes got them pinned down. If it were just him or him with his teammates, they'd wait these guys out and pick them off, one by one. But he wasn't willing to put Kelsey in the middle of a firefight.

"Get your-"

"I got it."

He glanced down and saw that she was, indeed, clutching her weapon. Good girl. He took her arm with his left hand. "There's a ravine just west of us. On three, we're going to sprint for it. Try not to make a lot of noise, okay?"

She made a little squeak of agreement.

"One... two..."

Ping! A shot ricocheted off the rock near his head.

"Three!" he said and they made a dash.

Eight

Kelsey stumbled over the rocks, not knowing if her next breath would be her last. Her right hand hurt from gripping her pistol. Her left hand hurt from gripping Gage's belt. And her ankle was pretty much on fire.

"Where are we going?" she asked and heard the quiver in her voice. They'd hiked a long time without a word. It had seemed like hours, but maybe it had been only minutes. That last burst of machine-gun fire-so close it had made her ears ring-had wiped out even the slightest capacity to think.

Gage halted and gripped her arm.

"What?" she whispered.

"Listen," he said in a voice she could barely hear.

She listened. She heard nothing. Just like she saw nothing. She had no inkling of anything around her, with the exception of Gage. He was a giant, rock-hard presence beside her. And somehow, miraculously, he seemed to have an unerring sense of where they were going.

"What do you hear?" she whispered.

"Nothing. That's good." He pressed her hand against his waist, making sure her fingers were still hooked around his belt. "Let's keep going. I'm pretty sure we've lost them."

They moved forward again, and Kelsey tried to breathe. She willed her heart to slow down.

The ground beneath her feet grew steeper. The air felt lighter. A breeze stirred. She still couldn't see but she knew somehow that they were coming out of the ravine.

"Where are we going?"

"West, around the mesa."

"But isn't the camp northeast?"

"I don't want to go back the way we came. We'll skirt the mesa, then go straight north, then cut east as soon as I'm sure our tail's clear."

Kelsey's mind reeled. Walking around the mesa could take hours, and that was in daylight. The thought of hiking so far in the pitch dark, over this treacherous landscape, seemed impossible.

But Gage said they needed to do it, so they'd do it. He was the SEAL. She was the lab rat who'd gotten caught up in some horrible game of cat and mouse, and she was by no means confident she was going to make it out alive. At least not without help.

"How's the ankle?"

"Fine." How had he known about that? She hadn't uttered a word of complaint.

"You need me to carry you?"

Yeah, right. "It's fine," she said. "I don't think you could, anyway. I'm not exactly a featherweight."

"Doesn't matter. If it starts to hurt I'll carry you."

"It's fine," she said. They were running for their lives from armed thugs, and yet that tiny insult made her eyes sting with tears.

She was definitely losing it. She needed to get a grip on her emotions. With every painful step, she told herself to just keep moving, to just keep up with him. Forget about everything else and just get back to safety.

"Interesting place for a tunnel," Gage said. "Not a major urban area within a hundred miles."

"Maybe that's the point."

"Interesting tunnel, too."

"How do you mean?"

He glanced back at her over his shoulder. "It's clean."

She scoffed at him. It had smelled like car exhaust. And if her knees and palms were any indication, the place was filthy. "By what standard?"

"By illegal border tunnel standards. I've done some ridealongs with Border Protection in San Diego. The tunnels there are tagged up with graffiti, littered with trash, crowded with warring gang factions."

She waited for him to make his point.

"This one was different. Quiet, clean, hidden. Almost like it's privately controlled, probably even guarded. I don't think it's any accident those guys walked up on us."

"You think they heard us pull up?"

"That or they could have a surveillance system. Anyway, it explains some of the violence going on around here. This route is probably controlled by a cartel that doesn't want outsiders around."

Gage stopped and stood still for a few moments. She'd learned to get quiet when he did this. "I'm pretty sure we've lost them."

"Okay." She wanted to feel relieved, yet she sensed a "but" coming.

"But we can assume they have night-vision goggles," he added. "So it's possible they could spot us, even if we don't see them."

Her blood chilled at the thought. "Why do you think they have night-vision goggles?"

"I heard a vehicle, earlier, but there weren't any headlights, which means they were driving blind again. That's how you do it."

"And you know this because... ?"

"I've done it, running desert patrol. You mark the roof of your vehicle with glint tape so friendly planes don't mistake you for the enemy. Then you kill the lights and go."

Of course. Simple as a trip to the minimart.

Kelsey glanced around at the inky blackness, then edged closer to Gage. The warmth of his body was the only comforting thing in her universe right now. That and her Ruger. But the gun wasn't really that comforting because she couldn't see worth a damn and her hands were shaking. She tucked it back into her holster, where at least she wouldn't accidentally shoot herself or Gage.

They trudged on through the darkness. He moved with confidence, as if he knew exactly which way to go, even though it was black as tar. Kelsey didn't talk. She didn't complain. She didn't say one word about the terror swamping her, but she knew Gage sensed it. He kept touching her hand, as if to reassure her, while he guided her every step.

She wouldn't think about it.

She wouldn't think about Dylan, her student. A young man she should have been responsible for.

She wouldn't think about Gage, who'd been shot at and had his truck stolen while trying to protect her.

And she wouldn't think about the memories those gunshots had triggered, memories she worked hard to keep locked away. She wouldn't think about the panic churning inside her, and how even now-probably an hour since the last sputter of gunfire-she still couldn't stop shaking.

Gage would understand, probably. He'd been in a war zone. But her nerves were raw, and her fear was choking. She couldn't talk about it now. All she could do was walk and hold on to him and hope that they'd make it out of this.

A brief flash, then a rumble of thunder. Kelsey glanced up at the sky. Not a star in sight. No moon either. At sunset, the clouds had been thick and ominous. She knew if their current luck held, at any moment the sky would open up.

Another flash of lightning, and then it did.

KELSEY WAS SOAKED to the skin and limping, and Gage's last offer to carry her had been met with a snarl. The woman was stubborn, and two hours of hiking through the rain on an injured ankle hadn't dampened her resolve.

He stopped to look around and she bumped into him. He checked his watch and, in the dim green glow of the dial, he glimpsed her face. She looked wet and ragged and in dire need of a hot shower. Plus, she was shivering, probably less from the rain than the still fresh fear of being chased by men with machine guns.

"I'm going to carry you now. No arguments."

Without waiting for a response, he gripped her waist and scooped her over his shoulder in a fireman's carry.

As expected she went ballistic.

"Stop it!" She pounded on his back. "Stop it right now! I can walk, damn it!"

"We're going up a hill," he said, carefully balancing his load as he made his way up the steep terrain.

"Put me down!"

"Quit squirming unless you want both of us to fall off this mountain."

She went still, thank God, and Gage adjusted her weight. He felt the backs of her knees under his hands, and her br**sts pressing into his back was making it seriously hard for him to concentrate.

Finally they reached the top of the steep incline. A few more steps and they were under the protective shelter of a rock overhang.

Gage set her on her feet and her shoulders quivered.

"You okay?" he asked.

A shudder moved through her and he heard her teeth rattle.

"Here, you're freezing." He wrapped his arms around her and pulled her against his chest. Even soggy and cold, she felt incredible, and he tried not to focus on her body as he shared his heat with her.

"This is so stupid," she muttered. "It's probably seventy degrees out." Her arms went around his waist.

"We're wet. And you're in shock. Getting shot at can do that to you."

"Does it happen to you?" She tilted her head back and he could feel her breath on his neck.

"I'm used to it."

"I thought I was used to it, too, but maybe I need more practice."

He took her by the shoulders and eased her away from him. "When have you ever been shot at before tonight?"

A quiet sigh. "In northern Iraq."

"That's one of the most dangerous places on the planet. What the hell were you doing there?"

She drifted closer and her arms went back around him. "Excavating mass graves. Not everyone was glad for us to be there. We ended up needing an armed guard just to get our work done." She rested her forehead against his chest. "I still have nightmares."

She shuddered again and his grip tightened instinctively. His few objective brain cells were screaming for him to let go of her, but she felt too good. And she smelled too good. And the realization that she wanted this kind of comfort from him was a perverse turn-on. This was the one woman he could not have, and yet he'd never wanted anyone more. What the hell was wrong with him?

She tipped her head back. "Where are we?" she whispered.

"At the petroglyphs."

She pulled away and glanced around. "I didn't realize we were so close to camp. Why'd we stop? Let's just go."

He pulled her behind a rock before switching on his flashlight. No sense broadcasting their whereabouts with a lantern. "I want to look at this ankle." He shrugged out of his rucksack and crouched at her feet. "What'd you do, sprain it?"

"Cut it, going through that hole. Then landed on it wrong."

He shined his flashlight on her leg and pushed her sock down.

"Ouch!"

"Sorry." The swelling wasn't bad. The sock was saturated with blood, though, and he gently pulled it away from her skin. He reached into his pack for a water bottle and doused the cut. It was about three inches long but not too deep.

"We need to get this cleaned up back at the lodge," he said.

"Do you have any alcohol in your pack? Maybe some hand sanitizer?"

"I've got some Super Glue for emergencies," he said. "But a butterfly bandage should do it for something this shallow. You had a tetanus shot recently?"

She didn't answer. He shined the flashlight up at her and he saw she was gazing down at him with the strangest expression.

"What's wrong?"

"Nothing," she whispered. "Nothing, I just..." She lifted her hand and combed her fingers into his hair and the jolt of lust nearly knocked him over. He switched off the flashlight and rose to his feet. Another hand in his hair, then his heart gave a kick as her cool fingers curled against his scalp.

"Kelsey-"

She pulled his head down and kissed him.

SHE FELT HIM hesitate for maybe a half a second. And then his arms wrapped around her and he melded her body against him as his tongue swept into her mouth. For days, she'd had romantic fantasies about kissing him, but she'd been wrong. There was no romance here, just a fierce hunger that thrilled her right down to her toes.

An ache spread through her and she pressed against him, loving the taste of his tongue and the hardness of his body and the surprising softness of his hair between her fingers. He eased her back against a rock, protecting her head with his hand as he held her in place and continued to kiss her as if he'd never get enough, as if he couldn't stop. Something had snapped in him. And she realized that cool disinterest he'd shown her these past few days had been an act. He'd been burning, just like she had. She wished she'd known. She wished she could see his face. She wanted to see the fire in his eyes as he finally let her in on this secret he'd been hiding.

She slipped her hands into the pockets of his jeans and pulled him closer, as close as she could get him. She ground her h*ps against him and heard the low groan deep in his chest.

He pulled back. "Kelsey-"

She rose up and kissed him again, just in case he was crazy enough to put the brakes on. Something about her uncle. Or her honor. Or some other such bullshit that she didn't want to hear right now.

He pulled back again. "Kelsey, we can't." His voice sounded strained.

"Why can't we?"

He slipped her hands out of his pockets and eased back. "Look... I like you."

Her blood went cold. "Don't say it." She turned away. God, if he used the word "friend" she was going to scream.

"If circumstances were different-"

"Let's just go."

He took her arm and she shook him off. Then she walked away from him, as far as she felt comfortable. It would be just her luck to take a wrong step and tumble off the cliff. She felt mortified. Look, I like you. Who was he trying to convince?

"Can we get back, please?" she asked. "I'm freezing here."

In the darkness, he muttered a curse. He walked over to her, hooked her hand onto his belt as it had been before, and set out for camp.

KELSEY WAS STILL shaking when she whipped her battered Chevy Suburban into the parking lot of the Madrone Hunting Lodge. Fear, embarrassment, anxiety-plus a major dose of adrenaline-were knocking around in her system, making it nearly impossible for her to focus on the task at hand. After enduring an extremely awkward car ride, she now had to relay tonight's discoveries to the sheriff. What had she been thinking? She couldn't have come up with a worse, more inappropriate time to throw herself at a man.

"Aw, shit," Gage said-his first words in half an hour.

The night manager was just switching off the light above the reception desk as Kelsey pulled into a space. Before she'd even parked Gage jumped out of the Suburban and rushed for the door.

Kelsey collected her overnight bag from the backseat and cast a worried look around the full parking lot. Dr. Robles had left a note saying he'd be staying here, and she hoped to hell he hadn't gotten the last room.

A black Explorer on the far end of the lot caught her eye. In the back window was a university parking sticker. Kelsey slammed her door and walked toward the vehicle, a dizzying combination of relief and anger flooding through her. She stopped in front of room 109 and pounded on the door.

A light went on. Shuffling. A curse as someone stumbled over something. Then the blinds parted and Jeannie peered through the gap. She unlatched the door.

"Dr. Quinn." Her eyes widened as they took in Kelsey's sodden clothes. "Oh my God you're bleeding."

Kelsey nodded at the man sprawled out on the bed amid the rumpled sheets. Dylan didn't even stir. "Where's he been all night?" Kelsey demanded.

"Here with me. And everyone." Jeannie looked sheepish. "See, after our fight? He drove into Marathon to shoot some pool. He came back, though." She smiled apologetically. "We tried to call you but you didn't pick up, so-"

"The next person to leave the dig site without signing out will receive an F for the summer. Do you understand?"

She nodded silently.

"Tell your boyfriend."

Kelsey turned and strode back to the lobby, practically vibrating with fury. If anyone so much as looked at her crosswise she was going to explode.

Gage stepped through the front door of the motel and spotted her. Then his gaze shifted over her shoulder and he no doubt spotted the black Explorer.

"Dylan's back," she said crisply. "Guess it was someone else's SUV I saw earlier."

He handed her a room key and frowned. "You okay?"

"Fine."

"Mind if I borrow your car? I need to run an errand."

"Knock yourself out. Good night." She tossed the car keys at him. He caught them one-handed and she stormed off. The clunky wooden key chain was shaped like a deer and had the number 102 painted on it. Terrific. Right by the lobby, where she'd be sure to get plenty of traffic noise at six a.m.

Kelsey let herself into the room. It smelled like must and pineapple, of all things. She switched on a lamp and threw her bag on the ugly yellow bedspread.

At least Dylan was safe. One potential heart attack down, one to go. Kelsey rummaged through her bag until she found her cell phone. Of course, it had no charge from sitting useless for weeks on end. She jammed the charger into an outlet by the bed and dialed Sattler's number with the cord plugged in. Four rings. Five. Kelsey toed off her Nikes and kicked them across the room. Finally, on the seventh ring, a deputy picked up. After a brief hesitation, he gave her Sattler's home phone number, along with the warning that the sheriff didn't like to be bothered at home unless it was an emergency.

Kelsey stripped off her soggy T-shirt and tossed it on the chair. She dialed Sattler with one hand while searching through her bag for some dry clothes. She still had the shakes, and she wondered whether discovering a covert border crossing and having her ass nearly shot off by men with machine guns constituted an emergency in Seco County. Apparently it did.

"I'll get out there first thing in the morning, have a look around."

The sheriff's patient drawl grated on her nerves.

"Are you sure that's the best approach?" she asked him. "I mean, shouldn't you call Customs and Border Protection or something?" She pulled off a bloody sock and tossed it in the trash can, along with its nonbloody mate. "It seems evident that these roadside deaths might be related and-"

"Why don't you let us worry 'bout that? You stick to your bones."

Kelsey managed not to hurl the phone across the room. "I'm only suggesting that-"

She heard a noise and turned around to see the door opening. Her pulse leapt as Gage stepped into the room, pulling a key from the lock.

"We'll take care of it, Dr. Quinn. I'll talk to you tomorrow."

The phone went silent in her hand. Gage tossed her car keys on the table and leaned back against the door. His gaze met hers across the king-size bed.

"That was Sattler." Her pulse pounded as she clicked off the phone and put it on the nightstand. "He's going to check out the tunnel tomorrow morning."

He pushed away from the door and moved toward her. She read the heated look in his eyes and her stomach did a flip. She stepped back, bumping into the wall, and for the second time tonight she felt foolish.

He stopped in front of her and just stood there, silently. She couldn't talk. Her chest was rising and falling much too quickly, and her legs suddenly felt like noodles.

His gaze dropped to her wet white bra, then lifted. "If you want me to get another room, tell me now."

She didn't say anything. He lifted a hand to her neck and rubbed his thumb over the line of her jaw.

Kelsey opened her mouth but she couldn't talk. His hand trailed down, lightly, and then the warmth of it closed over her breast. He dipped his head down and kissed her mouth, once, twice, three times, as his thumb traced her nipple.

"Kelsey?"

She twined her arms around his neck and pulled him against her.

His body was hard, warm. And she didn't realize how cold she'd been until he started rubbing the heat back into her with his hands and his mouth. He touched her shoulders, her arms, her hips, filled his hands with her br**sts. He kissed her ear, the side of her neck. He trailed kisses down her throat, and she tilted her head back to give him a better angle.

"I need a shower," she managed to say.

"Not yet." His hands went around to unhook her bra and then he shoved it aside. His mouth closed over the tip of her breast, and the hot burst of pleasure made her moan and press against him. She closed her eyes and tipped her head back, and just when she thought she was going to melt into a puddle he lifted his head and found her mouth again.

There was an urgency to his touch now. He kissed her deeply, hard, and she tightened her arms around him and tried to give as good as she was getting. It was the way he'd kissed her earlier-raw and uninhibited-and she wanted him to keep kissing her like that and never stop. Her bra fell to the floor. She felt his hand at her waist, unbuttoning her shorts, and then they slipped to her feet, and she stepped out of them, never breaking the kiss. She reached for his shirt and pulled it from his jeans, and then he wrapped his arms around her and lifted her off her feet so he could walk her backward the few steps to the bed. They bounced onto it together and she yelped.

He covered her mouth with his and pressed his weight into her, and she twined her legs around him and squeezed. He dove for her br**sts again, and she held his head in her hands, letting her fingers curl into his hair as he licked his way down her body.

She heard a low groan of approval and propped herself on her elbows.

"Red," he said, shaking his head and staring down at the bottom half of the only girlie clothes she'd packed for the summer.

"Sorry. Haven't done laundry in a while."

He glanced up at her. "Do not apologize." He kissed his way down her legs, then back up again, lingering over the lace with his warm breath. She closed her eyes and lay back, and then she felt him stripping that away, too.

She sat up and looked at him, feeling self-conscious. He was fully clothed, and she scrambled to her knees so she could balance things out. They knelt together on the bed, and she helped him off with his T-shirt. It was wet and cool, like hers had been, but the skin beneath it was smooth and warm. She sat back on her knees to marvel at his perfect chest, and she realized she was looking at the evidence of countless hours of pain and hard work and training, and suddenly her throat tightened. He was a soldier. He would leave soon. He was going to get on a plane and go somewhere and he might never come back.

His hand combed into her hair. He tilted her head back to look at him. "What is it?"

"Nothing."

He leaned her back on the bed again, and then the urgency was back, and she put everything out of her mind except the feel of his mouth on her and the hard, heavy weight of him between her legs. The bedsprings creaked as she wrapped herself around him and pulled him closer, and she sighed at the bittersweet pain of him pressing against her.

"Oh, man," he said huskily.

She rolled her hips, teasing, and he propped up on his hands and smiled down at her in the lamplight.

"You're trying to kill me, aren't you? I haven't done this in a while."

She felt a surge of happiness. A smile and a personal admission all in one moment. "You going to embarrass yourself?"

He huffed out a laugh, and she saw the strain on his face. She loosened her grip on him and he stepped away from the bed to peel off his wet jeans. Her stomach fluttered as she watched him. Oh, God. She was the one who was going to embarrass herself. He dug a condom out of his pocket and put it on, all the while watching her. Was that the errand he'd run? Suddenly his rejection at the dig site stung a little less.

He knelt between her legs, and then he was kissing her again, and she tasted his desire for her and none of it mattered, not his leaving or that this relationship was going nowhere. She just wanted to give herself to him and take whatever he had to give her in return.

As she opened herself up for him, their gazes locked and he pushed inside her. He watched her-his face taut-going slowly at first, and then harder, faster. Then his eyes drifted shut, and she wrapped her arms around him and urged him on with her hips.

"Kelsey, baby-"

She squeezed tighter. She lost her mind in a white-hot blaze of pleasure that went on and on and on until she thought she would die. And he held her through it, and then finally, amazingly, he gave a last powerful push and collapsed on top of her.

The moment stretched out. Neither of them said anything. Kelsey wasn't sure she could. She felt spent, boneless, too wasted to move. So she lay there with her heart thrumming underneath his and kept her eyes closed. Finally he lifted his weight off her and she took a deep breath.

He rolled onto his back and pulled her with him.

"They gave you a key," she murmured.

"I gave you a key." He tucked her head under his chin. "It's my room."

She gazed up at the meandering crack in the ceiling. This place was a dump, and yet she didn't want to be anywhere else. Maybe it was the way he seemed so comfortable, lying there with his arms around her. Or maybe it was the way her head fit so naturally against his collarbone. She never wanted to leave.

"You finally stopped shaking."

She tipped her head back to look at him. "You warmed me up."

He ran his hand over her hip and she closed her eyes.

"I get them, too, sometimes. The flashbacks."

She opened her eyes, shocked. She never would have expected him to bring that up again, and definitely not while they were nak*d together for the first time. She waited for him to go on but he didn't.

"Iraq?" she asked.

"Afghanistan, mostly." He cleared his throat. "Actually, one particular night in Afghanistan."

"What happened?"

Seconds ticked by, and the room was silent except for the low hum of the air conditioner.

"I got my teammate killed."

She rested her cheek against his chest, waiting. She couldn't ask.

"I did something impulsive. In the moment, you know?" He paused. "It didn't go like I'd planned, and pretty soon Adam-that was his name-he's lying on the floor of the helo with his face half blown off, screaming for his mom. I swear to God, I'll never forget the sound of it."

She covered his hand with hers and squeezed it. Neither of them spoke as she listened to Gage's heart beat. Images of him on the floor of some helicopter crowded her mind. For the first time, she understood why Joe had never been married. What woman could live with that sort of fear hanging over her head?

Kelsey's chest constricted as she realized what a terrible, irreversible mistake she had made. She'd let herself fall for a man who had the power to rip her to shreds. Even if by some miracle he didn't push her away when the job was over, he could still do it. Without even wanting to, he could still break her heart.

GAGE WAITED FOR her to say something, but she didn't. Even more surprising, she didn't pat his hand and start spouting platitudes about not blaming himself and time healing all wounds or some of the other crap he'd heard over the past three months. She just listened. He knew she was listening because he could feel her body tense under his hands.

He tried to imagine Kelsey at work in Iraq, digging up women and children and elderly people who had been executed by their own government. He didn't know a lot of people who'd sign up for a job like that.

"So"-he cleared his throat-"do you ever talk to anyone about it?"

"Not really. What about you?"

"Not really."

"I had some friends while I was there," she said. "One friend, really. I talked to him some. He was on a counterterrorism task force, so he'd seen things. He understood."

Gage wasn't sure he wanted to hear this but he persisted anyway. "You talk to him anymore?"

"Not a lot." She sounded guarded now and he knew he'd guessed right. This was an intimate friend. "We run into each other every now and then, but it's not the same. Our relationship more or less ended when I left."

He filed that away for later. How did she run into him still if the relationship was over? A sour ball of resentment formed in his stomach. Which was crazy, he knew. How could he be jealous when she wasn't even his girlfriend? This thing was temporary, and they both knew it, so why should he care who the hell she ran into "every now and then"?

She sat up. "I'm going to take that shower now. Want to come?" She gave him a look over her shoulder that made his just-returning-to-normal pulse kick up again. Then she turned to face him, emphasizing the invitation with a view of her lush br**sts.

He sighed. "How did I ever mistake you for skinny?"

She scowled at him and swung her legs over the side of the bed. He caught her around the waist.

"I meant that in a nice way."

"That was so rude." She swatted his hand. "You are not invited into my shower!"

He scooped her up and carried her into the bathroom, ignoring the way she pounded his chest.

"I'm serious!"

"My room, my shower." He put her on her feet in the tub, then climbed in with her. Blocking her exit with his arm, he reached over and turned on the water, and she squealed as an icy spray shot down from the faucet.

"Gage!"

He silenced her protest with a kiss, not letting her up for air until the water flowed hot and her arms draped over his shoulders and she was completely convinced of how attracted he was to her very amazing, unskinny body.

He pulled back to look at her. Lips parted, cheeks flushed, eyes glazed with desire-she was the most beautiful woman he'd ever seen, and he had the overwhelming wish to freeze this image, this moment, in his head so he could take a part of her with him when he left.

Nine

Mia knocked again and glanced at her watch. She tapped her foot impatiently. Finally the door swung back and her jaw dropped open at the sight of the gorgeous, half-naked man standing before her.

She cast a glance over her shoulder. Yep, it was Kelsey's Suburban, parked right in front of this motel room.

"I'm sorry." She turned back to face him, and he hadn't somehow managed to put on a shirt in the intervening two seconds. She concentrated on not drooling as he looked her over with a calm, blue-eyed gaze.

"Excuse me," she said. "I think I have the wrong room."

"Mia?" Kelsey appeared in the doorway. "What are you doing here?"

Mia took in the wet hair, the bare feet, the towel in her friend's hand.

Oh, damn. She cast an apprehensive glance at the parking lot. "Sorry to interrupt, but I wanted to let you know we're here. Obviously."

The man's eyebrows tipped up. "We?"

"Yes, me. And some... colleagues." She glanced at Kelsey.

"It's okay. He knows everything." Kelsey made quick introductions, acting as if it made perfect sense for a naval lieutenant to be out here in the middle of nowhere providing security for an archaeology dig.

"Kelsey, can I talk to you for a sec? Privately?"

The lieutenant disappeared into the dim room as Kelsey stepped outside and pulled the door shut.

"Oh my gosh, Kels."

"What?"

"Where do I start? The FBI is here. The CT task force out of San Antonio. There's a briefing in ten minutes and they want you there."

The blood drained from Kelsey's face. "Blake's task force?"

"Yes."

"But what does counterterrorism have to do this?"

"Come to the briefing in ten minutes," Mia said. "Behind the diner."

Fifteen minutes later, Mia was leaning against the fender of a black SUV as Special Agent in Charge Blake Reid updated his team. Kelsey and her lieutenant, both in jeans and T-shirts now, walked over and silently joined the group.

Mia watched Blake's reaction, but he didn't miss a beat, probably because Mia had already let him know that his ex-girlfriend and the man providing her security would be attending the meeting.

"I just got off the phone with San Antonio," Blake said. "The remains sent to us by Dr. Quinn have been positively IDed as Khalid Rahim, who was working as a confidential informant for us before he went missing last January." Blake glanced at Mia. "Dr. Voss is here today with a mobile DNA lab on loan from the Delphi Center. She's going to try to get an ID on the second set of remains as soon as they're pulled from the ground." He glanced at Kelsey. "We'd appreciate your help with that."

"Of course."

"We expect to learn that the second body is that of an agent out of our Brownsville field office. He went missing at the same time as our CI while investigating a possible terrorist cell out of Mexico City."

Kelsey's brow furrowed. "Mexican terrorists?"

"Al-Qaeda," Blake corrected. "We believe this particular group is a sleeper cell that we've heard rumors about for years. At the time of his disappearance our agent had a lead on an attack they'd been plotting from their base in Mexico. Our theory is that the CI's cover got blown somehow, and then both he and our agent ended up murdered."

"Tell me about the attack." This from the SEAL.

For the first time, Blake hesitated. "We're still running a background check on you, Lieutenant Brewer. Until that's complete-"

"Then let me tell you what I know," he cut in. "Those two graves Kelsey found were located near a dirt road that makes a bend down near the border." He turned and held his hand out to Mia. "Borrow your pen?"

She handed him a ballpoint pen and the SEAL produced a small notebook from one of his pockets. He flipped it open to a page where he'd obviously been mapping something. Mia noted the GPS coordinates scrawled on the edge of the page.

"Here's the town." He drew a straight line from a spot marked "Madrone" to a spot marked with an X. "Here's where the road bends. Now watch this." He extended the line north and south. To the north, the line followed a highway until it intersected Interstate 10. To the south, it intersected a crudely drawn picture of a rock and some trees.

"What's that?" Blake wanted to know.

"The entrance to a tunnel."

Blake's gaze shot up. "A tunnel leading-"

"South, under the river. We were there last night, saw some traffic moving through."

"Foot traffic?" One of the agents asked.

"Motorized traffic. This thing's big enough for cars, SUVs, even a mid-sized rig."

"That fits with the intercept." The agent turned to Blake, who was regarding Lieutenant Brewer with a wary look. Blake wanted the SEAL's information, obviously. What he probably didn't want was a reason to cooperate with this man, who clearly had been doing a very hands-on job of guarding Kelsey.

Blake's gaze moved from the SEAL to Kelsey. From what Mia knew of Blake Reid, she predicted his professional ambition would win out over petty jealousy.

"We've intercepted communications about a truck bomb being smuggled into the U.S. via Mexico," Blake said. "We believe the intended target is the global economic summit being held in Houston this weekend."

"It's a straight shot to Houston on I-10," Kelsey pointed out.

Blake didn't acknowledge her. "At first, we had intel the bomb might be coming through a border crossing in Brownsville. Then we had reason to believe it was coming through Del Rio."

"Maybe it's not coming through. Maybe it's coming under," the SEAL said. "Whatever cartel controls the route could have granted access for a hefty fee."

Blake gave a curt nod. "Show me this tunnel."

KELSEY LOWERED HER binoculars and sighed. Two hours and still nothing. How long did it take to map a tunnel complex? With a sick feeling in the pit of her stomach, she trekked to the bottom of the hill and over to the mobile crime lab near the recovery site.

Kelsey stepped inside the air-conditioned trailer, which put her dilapidated camper to shame. "Any word?"

Mia glanced up from her work. Kelsey had excavated the skull first, and Mia now stood at a slate-topped table, extracting tooth pulp for her DNA test.

"Nothing." Mia glanced at the nearby sat phone. "That thing's been quiet. Go back to work. It'll get your mind off it."

Kelsey bit her lip. Nothing would get her mind off it. "I can't concentrate. I tried."

The phone buzzed and she lunged to answer it.

"Kelsey, it's Blake. Is Brewer with you?"

Her heart skipped. "I thought he was with you?"

"He peeled off to install a surveillance cam for us at some manhole he knows about on the U.S. side."

"And where are you?"

"On the Mexico side, checking things out. I just watched a convoy go in-three white delivery trucks-and I think one of them is our bomb."

"But why-"

"Call it a hunch. Our bomb squad should be there any minute, but this convoy could be gone by then."

"Can't your team just block them off at the exit?"

"Yeah, and if all they're smuggling is dope or people, we spook our terrorists and miss the chance to intercept the explosive. Listen, Brewer's not answering his radio, which means he's probably underground, but I need him to set up a diversion somehow so we can get a tracking device on these trucks. If you hear from him, tell him to get in touch ASAP."

"I'll tell him," Kelsey said, although she knew Gage wouldn't call. But it didn't matter, because she also knew exactly where to find him.

GAGE WATCHED FROM the shadows as the men positioned the magnetic sign on the side of the truck: U.S. MAIL, complete with the official-looking eagle logo. As far as maintaining a low profile on American highways and maybe even pulling up to a government building, it was damn good cover.

Gage made himself invisible as he eased along the wall and positioned himself near the back of those trucks. Two of the three were locked with a padlock. The middle one had had its cargo door open ever since the drivers had stopped to retrieve the signs and disguise the vehicles.

Gage crept around back and peered inside. It was too dark to see, but his nose was giving him plenty of other information. He took out his penlight and shined it in the cargo space.

Holy, holy shit. Whoever bankrolled this op wasn't fooling around.

Adrenaline hummed through Gage's veins as he made his way back to one of the manholes he'd discovered today. He climbed the ladder and the instant he was above ground he was on the radio with the leader of the FBI's bomb squad. The guy was a former SEAL, which just proved Gage's theory that every frogman was really just a highly trained kid who liked to blow shit up.

"I got a visual ID on the cargo in one of those trucks," Gage told the man now. "Twelve metal drums. And based on the smell, I'm betting they're loaded with enough ammonium nitrate to wipe out a football stadium, over."

The team leader on the other end cursed.

"They're being disguised as mail trucks," Gage added. "We clear to proceed with the plan?"

"Affirmative. You got what you need?"

"Affirmative."

"Be careful."

Careful? This guy had been out of the teams too long.

Gage dropped back down the rabbit hole and crept deeper into the tunnel, moving purely by feel. The wall curved as he retraced the same route he and Kelsey had taken last night.

God, had it really been just a few hours since he'd flattened himself against her in a desperate attempt to hide her from that truck?

Gage shook off the memory. He couldn't think about Kelsey now. He couldn't think about her arms around him or her soft skin or the fact that he was leaving soon, and that he might never get another chance to touch her. None of that mattered right now. Because Gage wouldn't even be able to look at her, much less touch her, if he allowed some f**king al-Qaeda sleeper cell to slip through his grasp and kill a bunch of innocent people.

Gage reached the designated setup point, unloaded his supplies, and quickly got to work molding C-4 and attaching fuses, doing everything by touch alone because he couldn't risk a light. But he'd practiced this a zillion times. And less than a mile away, near the entrance to the tunnel, another guy who'd once worn the SEAL pin was busy doing the exact same thing. When Gage was satisfied he had enough explosive in place to completely seal off this tunnel and trap the trucks inside, he prepared to extract.

A commotion behind him made him go still. Two men yelling, followed by silence. He crept closer to the sound and saw a man standing at the front of the convoy, an AK-47 raised and pointed at something.

And then Gage heard a familiar voice that chilled him to the bone.

KELSEY STARED AT the machine gun, willing her feet to move. She was pretty sure that's what they'd said to her. Move, bitch! Or something equivalent in a language she didn't understand.

But their body language was loud and clear. And three nasty-looking guns underscored their point: Move your ass or you're dead right here.

Kelsey's heart galloped as she turned and walked toward the blinding lights. When they'd blinked on suddenly, she'd been paralyzed, like an animal in the headlights. Yet an animal would have had a much better chance of sprinting to safety. Where had they come from? Kelsey hadn't heard a motor, so they must have been parked there in the dark, not ten feet away from the ladder she'd climbed down looking for Gage.

The man behind her prodded her with his machine gun and she quickened her pace. Would they take her with them or would they execute her right here in this tunnel? She focused on her Ruger, now tucked into the tallest one's waistband. He seemed like the leader and she wondered how quick his reflexes were. Kelsey's fingers itched. If she snatched the gun back, what was the likelihood of getting three shots off before one of them managed to shoot her? About a hundred to one, she figured.

They passed the first truck. Kelsey glanced around for any sign of Gage or Blake or any of his agents. Were they down here or were they skulking around in Mexico?

They reached the back of the second truck and Kelsey saw that the cargo door was up. The leader let his machine gun dangle at his side as he grabbed Kelsey's arm and shoved her roughly toward the opening.

"You! Go!"

She glanced at the metal drums, lined up like soldiers. Her throat went dry. "You... want me to climb in there?" she croaked.

She got her answer as three machine guns lifted and pointed at her face. She hefted herself up on the bumper and crawled into the truck. Three pairs of deadly cold eyes watched as she scrambled to her feet.

The leader reached up.

"Please. Let me just-"

A rusty squeak, then the metal door crashed down.

THE FIRST BOOM knocked Gage off his feet. He jumped up and made a lunge for the truck where they'd stashed Kelsey. Concrete rained down around him. Men shouted. Doors slammed shut and someone fired up an engine.

Gage reached the second truck as it roared to life. He grabbed the bumper and hauled himself up. Clinging to the side of the truck, he pulled out his SIG and fired two shots at the crappy padlock, then jerked loose the remaining scrap of metal. He hefted the door just as the truck sped forward. Kelsey careened into him and he caught her around the waist an instant before she tumbled off the back. She was lit up by the headlights of the truck behind him, and Gage knew they made a perfect target. Would the driver dare shoot into a van full of explosives?

A bullet pinged off the metal wall beside him. He grabbed Kelsey's arm.

"Jump!"

He leaped from the truck, dragging her with him, then he hauled her out of the way and up against the tunnel wall. Dust and debris and truck exhaust swirled around them as he groped for the ladder they'd used last night. He spotted the telltale shaft of light coming down from the ceiling.

"Here!" she yelled, running for it.

"Go up!" Christ, he had to get her out of here. He boosted her up the ladder.

"But what about you?"

"Go!" He gave her one last shove, then dropped to the ground and fumbled with his pack. Thank God he hadn't lost the detonator. He just hoped it wasn't too late.

KELSEY POPPED UP like a groundhog and squinted at the blinding sunlight. She glanced back down the ladder. Where was Gage? She stumbled to her feet as a muffled boom rocked the earth beneath her. She landed on her hands and knees in the dirt, coughing and sputtering as a plume of dust billowed out from the hole.

"Gage!"

She reached for the hole. A tremendous weight landed on her back. Something cool and metal pressed into her neck.

"FBI! You're under arrest!"

DUST FILLED GAGE'S lungs, his eyes. Wheezing and coughing, he yanked out a pair of zip-cuffs and wrenched back the arms of the man he'd just tackled to the ground.

"Truck one, driver down! Brewer, where are you?"

Gage recognized the voice of the bomb squad leader who had been on the radio with him just minutes ago. He must have come down the manhole.

"Driver two, cuffed and disarmed!" Gage shouted. "Where's driver three?"

Pain ricocheted up his leg as his captive landed a kick. Gage jabbed him in the kidney, then secured his ankles and rolled him against the wall. Then he ran to help the bomb tech grab the third terrorist.

"He's gone!" The bomb tech's flashlight beam swept over the truck half-buried in rubble.

Gage checked the cab. Even through the still-swirling cloud of dust and smoke, he could see it was empty. One by one, they scoured each truck from top to bottom. Shit, where would he go? Both ends of the tunnel had been sealed off by bomb blasts.

"The ladder!" Gage jerked his SIG from its holster and dashed back toward the exit where he'd taken Kelsey. God, please don't let this turn into a hostage crisis. He raced toward the faint band of light that shone down from the manhole, then took the rungs three at a time and erupted into the sunlight.

It was mayhem.

Every emergency vehicle in west Texas seemed to have converged on the scene. Gage spotted the missing tango face down in the dirt, where a team of FBI agents had him pinned to the ground as they shouted commands.

"Brewer!"

He spun around to see Reid jogging toward him. Gage jumped to his feet and wiped the dust from his brow with the back of his arm. "Two tangos in the tunnel," he told the fed. "One cuffed, one dead. Your bomb tech's down there, too."

Several agents in SWAT gear pushed Gage aside and dropped down through the hole. Gage turned back to Reid. "Where's Kelsey?" he demanded.

At his blank look, Gage shoved past him and plowed through the sea of people. He saw firemen, federal agents, hazmat workers, but no baseball cap with an auburn ponytail sticking out the back. Cursing, he scanned the scene again.

And then he saw her. She was yelling at some guy in an FBI windbreaker as another one tried to restrain her. Gage moved toward her, and her gaze landed on him just as she looked like she was about to deck the guy.

"Gage!" She shook off the agent and charged toward him. "Oh my God! Are you okay? I thought you were dead !"

"Goddamn you, Kelsey!" Gage caught her by the shoulders and shook her. "What the hell were you thinking jumping into an op like that?"

Ten

Kelsey's hands were still trembling as she scooped her last bit of clothing off the floor of the motel room and zipped it into her bag. That was it. She had everything. She slid her hand into her pocket and pulled out the note she'd written before her shower. She'd leave it on the pillow, where Gage would be sure to see it when he returned from the debriefing.

But one look at the bed they'd shared last night had her pulse racing-not from fear but something else. On second thought, she'd leave the note on the dresser. As she put it there, the door opened, and Gage stepped into the room.

She took in everything at once-the grimy clothes, the muddy boots, the line of dried blood down the side of his face. It trailed down from a nasty-looking knot on his head, a knot she was fairly sure he'd sustained when the force of his own bomb blast had thrown him to the floor of that tunnel.

The same bomb blast that had caused Kelsey's heart to stop. And even after the dust had settled, and he'd come up from that hole and let loose a flood of curses, it still hadn't started beating again. It wasn't until hours later that her pulse finally returned to normal because she knew he was okay. Angry as hell, sure, but not dead.

Glaring at her now, he crossed the dumpy motel room and began stripping off his clothes.

"Going someplace?" He flung his T-shirt on the bed and glanced at the duffel slung over her shoulder.

"Thought I'd go back to the dig site, see if Mia needs a hand with anything."

His expression hardened as he leaned over to unlace his boot. He threw it into the corner of the room with a thomp that made Kelsey jump a little. The other boot followed. And an instant later she had a giant, sweaty SEAL glowering down at her.

"Why are you shaking?" he demanded.

"It's cold in here."

"Bullshit."

"It's been an emotional day. And night," she added, glancing at the window where the neon glow of the VACANCY sign now seeped through the flimsy blinds. The ordeal at the tunnel and the ensuing chaos and questions and formal debriefings had dragged on for hours. And still she hadn't managed to regain her equilibrium. Every time she looked at Gage she got the shakes all over again.

He could have died in that tunnel. He could have died because of her. And even without her, he could still die, on any day, for a thousand different reasons, and each one of them had to do with the fact that he was a soldier.

"You were going to take off, weren't you?" His voice was low and dangerous, and Kelsey stepped back.

He took her elbow and jerked her to him. "Weren't you?"

"I wrote you a note."

Anger and something else-hurt? disappointment?-flashed in his eyes. "Do you have any idea how much you scared me today?" His grip tightened. "Do you have any idea how much I care about you?"

She gazed up at him, wide-eyed, and gave a tiny shake of her head.

He pulled her up to him and crushed his mouth down on hers. She opened hers up to him and finally, finally found a way to tell him everything she hadn't been able to say in the note. She told him with her tongue, her teeth, her arms coiled around his neck as she clung to him. And he understood all of it, she knew, because he lifted her right off her feet and deposited her on the dresser, right on top of the note he didn't want to read, all the while jerking her shirt up and over her head and pulling her bra off and attaching that hot, angry mouth of his to her breast.

She leaned back and wrapped herself around him and let him take all that anger out on her, one kiss at a time.

KELSEY AWOKE TO find the sun casting stripes of light across the half-empty bed. Her heart gave a little lurch. She sat up and glanced around. She heard the low murmur of Gage's voice on the other side of the motel room door.

Soon the door opened and he stepped inside, wearing only his faded blue jeans. His gaze locked on hers as he tucked the phone into his pocket and came to sit beside her on the bed.

"That was my CO."

It took a moment to process. "You mean Joe?"

He nodded. "Our team's going wheels up at twenty-one hundred."

The numbers permeated her brain. She glanced at the clock. She looked up at his somber expression and knew he was talking about today. He lifted a hand to her face and brushed his fingers down her cheek, as if that would somehow soften the message.

"When do you... ?"

"I've got a flight leaving Midland in three hours."

"I'll drive you," she said.

Then she got up from the bed, walked into the bathroom, and closed the door. She showered, dressed, and packed her duffel-again-all without the slightest sign of emotion. She thought of Joe, the man who'd raised her to know what stoicism was, and held it together the entire time. Even her hands were steady on the wheel of her Suburban as she neared the dusty town of Midland and the first airport sign came into view.

"Where are you going?" she finally asked, breaking an hour of silence as she exited the highway.

"I can't tell you that." He turned to face her and she saw her reflection in his sunglasses.

"Is this training or... ?"

"I can't tell you that either."

Her chest squeezed. She focused her gaze on the road in front of her, concentrating on the little yellow stripes to keep from thinking about the emotions churning around inside her.

At last, the passenger drop-off area came into view and she pulled up to the curb.

"Kelsey."

She turned to look at him. He'd removed the shades and those blue eyes held hers.

"I can't tell you. Even if we were married, I couldn't tell you. That's the way it is in the teams."

"I know."

Married? The word put a giant lump in her throat. Why had he said that?

She glanced away and was proud to see her hands at least looked still on the steering wheel. He couldn't see that her palms were sweating, that her pulse was racing, that a cold panic was seeping into her chest. She took a deep breath and fixed a smile on her face.

"Good luck," she said, maybe a little too brightly.

He watched her as if he were trying to read her mind. She prayed that he couldn't, that he had no idea how she felt right now, or that she was about one kind word away from losing it at the door of this airport.

He leaned closer. "Kelsey..."

"Bye." She gave him a quick kiss on the mouth and pulled back, putting the car in gear.

She waited, nearly biting a hole in her tongue as she gazed into those unreadable eyes. Finally he eased away and opened the door. He reached over and grabbed his bag from the backseat. "I'll be in touch."

She held her breath as the door slammed, as he hesitated beside the car, as he stepped to the curb. Then she pulled away. She drove past the waiting passengers, the loading and unloading cars and trucks. She drove past the sign for a rental car company, past the orange cones marking a construction zone, and even the sign for the upcoming Interstate 10 before she pulled over and let herself breathe again. And when she finally did, it felt like a thousand razors filling up her lungs, and she knew it was the ragged shards of her broken heart.

GAGE JOGGED UP to the Suburban that had stopped on the shoulder, and he knew before he even opened the door what he was going to find. But knowing it didn't make it any less painful.

"Hey." He climbed in and pulled her hands away from her face. She looked up at him with those soulful brown eyes and he felt like he'd taken a bullet in the chest.

"Come here," he said, and pulled her over the console and into his lap, and she made a keening sound like an animal. "Hey." He wiped the tears off her cheeks with his thumbs. "Don't do that. Hey."

"The thing is, I think I love you. And I can't stop thinking about"-her breath hitched-"what happens when you come back. And what happens if you don't."

She buried her face against his chest, and he held her head against his heart and wanted to absorb all that pain he'd seen in her face. He never wanted her to feel that. Ever. And especially not because of him.

His pulse was pounding now because of what she'd said.

He eased her back and lifted her chin with his finger, and he took another hit when he saw the anguish on her face.

"I love you, too," he said. "Only I don't think, I know."

Hope flickered in her eyes, but he could tell she still didn't believe him.

"And what happens when I come back is that I come see you. First thing. Because we're going to have a lot of catching up to do." He paused. "You up for me coming to Texas?"

She nodded.

"And what about San Diego? You up for coming to visit when I get leave?"

She squeezed his hand. "Will this work? Do people really do this?"

"It's hard, but yeah, some people do it. I've never understood why. Until now." He cupped his hand around her cheek. "I want to see you every chance I get. So don't go forgetting about me or picking up with that guy Blake or finding someone else, all right?"

She looked startled now. "How did you know about Blake?"

"Call it a sixth sense." He smiled. "Maybe because every time he looks at you or talks to you or gets within a hundred feet of you, I want to take his head off."

"Is this just about jealousy?" She looked worried again. "Because that's not love."

"It's not." He kissed her. "Jealousy, I mean. This is... I don't know, different than anything I've felt before."

"Me, too," she whispered, then she smiled up at him through her tears and he felt his own eyes filling up.

She laughed. "God, would you look at us? How did this happen?"

"Hell if I know. I think it happened for me when I first saw you out at that dig site, covered in dirt and bossing everyone around. Only I didn't know it then."

She laughed, but then her face grew serious. She glanced over her shoulder at the airport behind them as the reality of what he had to do came back into focus.

"Are we really going to try this?" she asked.

"Trying isn't going to work." He took her hand and looked into her eyes. He hoped he could somehow make her understand. "If you want to do something really hard, you have to decide. And then make it happen. Are you up for that?"

She kissed him, and she was heat and sex and tenderness and Kelsey, and she was everything that had turned his world upside down and everything he'd come to care about, and she was the thing that had made his heart start working again when he'd thought it was dead.

And when she was done kissing him, he pulled back and looked down at her. "Is that a yes?"

She smiled. "That's a yes."

