Chapter One

"Holy smoking buns, a butt like his should be illegal." Claire looked up in time to see the object of her co-worker and best friend's admiration walk past their table in the cafeteria. Jason Danvers did truly have a butt to admire. At well over 6 feet tall with dark-brown hair that tended to curl up at the end, compelling ice-blue eyes that looked right through you and a rugged and tanned athletic build, Jason Danvers was very hard to ignore. His presence always seemed to dominate a room. His every movement impatient, Jason never seemed to relax. Every lady in the cafeteria was craning their head to get a better look.

"Suzy, keep it down before Mr. Smoking Buns hears you."

"Oh Paleeeeze Claire, don't tell me the drool isn't pooling in your mouth as we speak."

"Suz, you're too much, what's Jeff going to do with you?"

"Well I don't know what Jeff has in mind, but I got thoughts of handcuffs and whipped cream myself."

Claire had met Suzy on her first day at Danvers International, and it hadn't taken long to form a bond with the outspoken, flashy and hopelessly sex-obsessed nympho. Suzy was what every little girl wanted to grow up to be, gorgeous and confident. With long dark-red hair, a tall slim build and curves in all the right places, Suzy loved pushing the fashion envelope at the office. Suzy handled special events for Danvers International, and as she often told anyone who listened, she was damn good at her job.

Her boss had long ago given up trying to stress the importance of professional dress attire to her and now suffered in silence when Suzy showed up for work in various forms of leather and lace or neon colored t-shirts with catchy slogans. Claire suspected she was so beautiful that no one actually cared what she wore, as long as they could admire her every day.

Claire considered today to be a subdued day for Suzy with only a blue jean miniskirt and a rainbow-colored shirt with a peace sign on it. Of course, the fact the skirt was barely legal and the bright pink hi-top tennis shoes were eye popping still managed to make her stand out in the cafeteria. Claire often wondered how she'd bonded so quickly with Suzy. Suzy had a colorful and sexy fashion style to say the least; Claire preferred a more tailored look. Classic slacks and tops or flowing dresses in neutral tones were her usual work attire. Where Suzy favored the 'I've just had hot sex' hair look, Claire's was long, auburn and tended to curl when loose, so she kept it pulled back from her face in a discrete ponytail, for the most part.

Suzy also loved the tanning salons even though Claire often lectured her on the dangers of that particular pastime. Wherever they went, men stopped to stare at Suzy. Claire, however, might as well be a picture on the wall or a potted plant for all the attention they paid to her. Suzy always begged Claire to let her do a makeover; she shuddered at the thought.

"I don't know how you work so closely with him without attacking him," continued Suzy.

"I value my job and I just don't think of him in that way, or any man for that matter, right now."

"You're way too uptight, live a little Claire; you might actually enjoy it."

Thankfully, Suzy seemed to run out of steam in a relatively short amount of time on her 'live a little' pep talk and packed up her tray. "Want to catch a movie later or check out the new bar on the corner?" asked Suzy.

"I've got to run over to mom's to pay her bills for the month."

"One day you're going to have a wild moment Claire, and I hope I'm still young enough to appreciate it," Suzy said with a dramatic sigh. "Ok catch ya later and don't do anything I wouldn't do with hot buns."

No matter what the differences between them, Suzy was a breath of fresh air in her otherwise dull daytime routine. Claire laughed under her breath and thought to herself that if Suzy had any idea what she was doing last night she would probably die of a heart attack on the spot. Hopefully, that would be over before anyone ever knew the lengths she was forced to go through to pay her mother's medical bills. Claire gathered up her own tray and headed to the front to drop it off.

"How're you doing today my love?" asked George. George had been with Danvers running the cafeteria for 30 years, hired back in the day Marshall Danvers, Jason's father, started Danvers. George always had a smile for everyone and in truth, a soft spot for Claire.

"I'm good George, thanks for asking."

"When are you going to let me take you away from all this Claire?"

"Now what in the world would Sara say, George?" Sara was George's lady friend, as he called her, and the two were just a perfect match.

"Sara would understand if I had to trade up, we got an understanding."

"George you wouldn't even know how to get up in the morning without Sara, you better hold onto her with both hands, she's a keeper."

"That's true but a guy can dream, right?"

"You're hopeless George, you have a good day."

"You too love, see you tomorrow."

~~~

Claire walked down the hall to the elevator bank. No corners were cut in the decor of Danvers, Inc., everything here was gleaming; white marble floors, soft off-white walls, and stainless steel elevators with mahogany walls inside. As Claire stepped into the elevator she once again forced herself to remain calm. Meeting her fear of enclosed spaces was what forced her to take the elevator every day instead of the stairs. While the stairs might be better for her physically, conquering her claustrophobia was far more important.

Danvers International was a huge glass and steel building with 25 floors. Jason Danvers' office was on the 23rd floor and his personal space was on the 24th and 25th floors. The door to Jason's large office was closed as usual. Claire settled into her desk in the reception area, putting away her purse in the bottom drawer of her desk. Jason liked for the office to be very impersonal and Claire was always careful to have no personal items on her desk. His one concession to some type of informality was to address her by her first name, and he liked to be addressed by his as well.

Claire had been working for Jason as his assistant for three years. Her job generally required her to handle all the liaising with clients, suppliers and other staff. She was Jason's right arm and ensured that all appointments, meetings and projects were scheduled and staffed as needed. Her office life was never slow or boring. Jason was a fair boss and always treated her well. In the time, they had worked together, they had managed to create a comfortable relationship. It wasn't exactly a friendship because they didn't have personal conversations. It was more of a mutual respect for each other's abilities.

Claire was checking her email when the office door opened and Jason strolled out. His normally wavy brown hair was rumpled as if he had been running his hands through it, and his mouth was pulled in a tight line.

"Claire, could I have a word with you in my office?"

Normally, Jason just relied on the telephone to give orders so it was somewhat of a surprise to be summoned into his office personally. Jason waited for Claire to step out from behind her desk and precede him into his office. Claire was initially surprised at how at odds Jason's office seemed to be with his personality. Jason was very direct and a person of few words. His clothing favored darker colors, his style usually expensive and conservative. At thirty-five years old, he could easily pass for someone in their twenties. His office, however, was in a nautical motif. Jason had several beautiful colorful pictures of the ocean and various beach scenes and was reminiscent of an expensive seaside hotel.

Claire had been shocked the first time she entered his office at how comfortable and soothing it was compared to the rest of Danvers International. She'd heard from various employees that Jason loved the sea which was a major reason the headquarters of Danvers International remained in Myrtle Beach, South Carolina versus bigger cites that would offer more benefits to a company of their size.

She'd spent a lot of time in this office imaging rolling around on the floor buck nak*d with her boss, carpet burns be damned! Just because Suzy was her best friend didn't mean she had to tell her that her fantasies of Jason were probably better than anything Suzy had dared to imagine. Carefully schooling her face into a neutral expression, Claire looked at Jason with what she hoped would pass for professionalism and not 'do me' desperation.

"Claire, I need you to work this weekend. I know I usually don't impose a weekend's work schedule; however, the contracts for Mericom are supposed to be finished on Saturday, and I'll need you to be on hand to handle any last-minute changes that may take place."

"That's not a problem, what time shall I be in the office on Saturday?"

"That's the problem Claire; I'll unfortunately be going out of town this evening to Columbia, and I'll need you to travel with me. One of my childhood friends is getting married on Sunday, and I'm expected at his home for the weekend as I'm in the wedding party."

Oh great, I've not worked weekends for over a year and rarely travel on business, and now I'm being asked to do both! "Jason, I have a previous family engagement for the weekend, but I'll be glad to be in the office during the day on both Saturday and Sunday for assistance."

"Claire, I'm afraid that isn't acceptable; I don't need to remind you how big this deal with Mericom is to Danvers, do I?"

Jason had been working for close to a year on the acquisition of Mericom to the Danvers International Family. Danvers International was the second biggest communications company in the US and with the acquisition of Mericom Danvers would move firmly into first place.

"No Jason, that's fine, would it be a problem if you gave me directions so that I could meet you tomorrow morning?"

"I guess that's ok, I'll email the information to you shortly."

When Jason's cell phone rang, Claire took the opportunity to excuse herself from his office. Crap, crap, crap, what am I going to do about this weekend?!

Chapter Two

Claire pulled out her cell phone and left her office to go down the hall to the ladies' restroom. She looked under the stalls to make sure she was alone and called her friend Pam. Geez, has my life become a sneak to the bathroom kind of covert operation, am I back to being 15 again?

'Hello, you have reached the voicemail of Pam Stalls at Partiez Plus, please leave a message after the tone, and I'll return your call as soon as possible.'

Claire rolled her eyes as her call went straight to voicemail. "Pam, it's Claire, I have a problem with Saturday night; my boss needs me to work this weekend. I have to travel to Columbia, and I won't be able to work the Hunter party; I'm sorry about leaving you hanging at the last minute." She closed her cell phone and leaned her forehead against the bathroom wall and tried not to focus on what kind of nasty things had been there before her.

Claire first began working weekends for Pam quite by chance. With the medical bills piling up for her mother, Claire had gotten desperate for a second income to help make a dent in the constant stream of expenses. While pondering how successful someone such as herself might be as a hooker, an ad in the Sunday paper caught her attention. Ok so it's Sunday and I shouldn't have been wondering if I could sell my body for extra money while skipping church, talk about guilt.

Partiez Plus, a party planning company, was advertising the perfect evening and weekend flexible schedule that Claire needed. She'd called Partiez Plus that day and talked to Pam, who was frantically trying to find a party assistant for a big local celebrity's party that evening. When Claire had inquired about the job opening, Pam had said if she could start in two hours, then she was hired. This had been the beginning of a quick friendship and some very busy weekends.

Partiez Plus covered everything from children's birthday parties to bachelor and bachelorette parties for adults. Although very hesitant to work the bachelor parties at first, Claire had been doing them now almost exclusively for a year. If someone had told her a few years ago that she would be jumping out of birthday or bachelor party cakes, she would have told them they were crazy but after awhile, it became just like any job. Maybe in some small way it gave her a thrill to know that her father would have been so horrified that his daughter was doing something like that.

The bachelor parties paid the best and, with every cent crucial, Claire was too hard-pressed for money to stick with the lower-paying parties. This particular bachelor party was for a groom to be who lived in Florence, which was around two hours from Myrtle Beach. Claire regularly traveled on the weekends when working the parties. This party paid very well, and Claire felt sick to be forced to miss it even though Jason was generous when paying for any type of overtime hours.

Just as she was leaving the bathroom, her cell phone rang. Claire saw Pam's name on the caller ID and answered the phone saying, "Pam, I'm really sorry about this."

"Claire, I've got to have you this weekend, you know that I've no one else on this short notice, and these people are VIPs and use our service for a lot of different functions. If I'm forced to cancel I'll lose their future business."

"Pam, I don't know what to say, I can't get out of it. I have to travel to Columbia in the morning and will be there through Sunday."

"Columbia, hmmm," muttered Pam, "That's only an hour from Florence, which is closer to the party than you are now. Claire, do you think you could get away for awhile on Saturday evening and do the party and then return to Columbia?"

A small flicker of hope sprang to life within her. "Pam, I don't know."

"I'll double your rate if you can, Claire, I'm desperate."

"Let me ask Jason if he'll need me in the evening, and I'll let you know." After bribes and pleading from Pam, Claire closed the phone and headed back towards her office. Claire returned to her desk and tried to work up the nerve to ask Jason about Saturday Night. The switch board showed that he was on the telephone. Ok chicken, go ahead and email him instead of asking him in person. Claire opened her email program and wrote Jason a short line inquiring about Saturday Night and just stopped herself from signing it 'love', or 'lust', Claire. A few moments later the door to Jason's office opened, and he stepped out with his briefcase.

"Claire did you get the directions I sent you?"

"Yes, I have them."

As Jason was leaving he said, "About Saturday night, if you'd like some time off, that's fine as I'll also be going out to dinner with Harold and some other friends."

"Oh that's great; I've some family close to the area that I would really like to visit." Liar, Liar, pants on fire.

"See you tomorrow Claire," Jason replied as he shut the door.

Holy Moly, Suzy was right; that man did have a smoking hot set of buns, whew! Breathing a sigh of relief, Claire started clearing off her desk and shutting her computer down. Bringing out her cell phone, she sent a text to Pam letting her know that she would be available to do the party on Saturday evening as planned. Claire gave her watch a quick glance and hurriedly gathered her purse. Her mother and Louise would be waiting on her for dinner.

Chapter Three

Claire's mother had been diagnosed with Type 1 diabetes almost five years ago and despite their best efforts, each year seemed to take a further toll on her health. To add to the problem, her mother was also in the early stages of Alzheimer's. Louise had been her mother and father's housekeeper for as long as she could remember. Her father was a corporate lawyer and prided himself on leading a certain lifestyle. Being waited on and able to brag about having a maid was part of that lifestyle. When Claire's father and sister were killed in a tragic auto accident three years ago, Louise had moved in with her mother for some much-needed companionship.

Her mother had never really recovered and blamed herself for the accident. Her father was always very particular about their meals and when her mother hadn't purchased what he wanted for dinner, he had insisted on going back to the supermarket to get the correct items, since no one else was intelligent enough to make sure it was handled correctly. Her father had also discovered that day that her sister had been seeing a boy that he deemed unacceptable, so he had made her go along so he could spend the travel time lecturing her. In a sense, her father and sister died for gratin potatoes versus plain mashed potatoes.

Since the fast decline of her mother's health, Louise had become an absolute necessity. Claire didn't know what she would do without her. With her mother having a steadily increasing problem with her memory, Louise saw that her blood sugar was checked regularly and that her medication was given at the correct times. Claire had worked out an agreement with Louise to provide her a room and a small salary. Even though Louise's salary was modest, it was still a struggle to meet most months with the price of her mother's medication and the upkeep on the house.

Claire walked to the elevator and took a deep breath to avoid the suffocating feeling of the confined space as she waited for the doors to open. It was past six on a Friday evening which meant most of the office had already left for the day. Claire waited on the elevator door to open to the parking garage which was another source of discomfort for her. Would she ever get over this claustrophobia that she'd been cursed with her whole life?

She opened the door to her Toyota compact and slid onto the thread-bare seats. A new car at any point in the future seemed very out of reach. Luckily, Daisy, as she called her car, seemed to be dependable and loyal but was in no stretch of the imagination a man magnet unless it was a repairman.

Claire turned onto the street towards her mother's home. Claire's mother lived a few miles from the beach in a small town called Murrells Inlet. Although close enough to Myrtle Beach to be very busy during the summer tourist season, Murrells Inlet still had a certain small-town charm. As she turned in the driveway of the two-story home, Claire stopped to appreciate the exterior. For those looking for the fairytale of a house with a white picket fence, this was it. It was only when you took a closer look that the house was starting to resemble something from a Freddie Kruger Movie. The last few years of neglect were starting to show. Life had been nothing like a fairytale though for the people who had lived in the house.

Her father was an overbearing, manipulative man who verbally abused them the entire time he was alive. Nothing was ever good enough to please him. If Chrissie or herself didn't make all A's in school, they were stupid and lazy; but if they did, it was because they took easy courses that anyone could pass. Everyone walked on eggshells around him, terrified of what would set him off for that day.

Claire had planned to move out when she started college, desperate to escape. Chrissie had begged her to stay at least until she graduated, terrified of being left to face their father's wrath alone. Claire tried to shield Chrissie as much as she could, which left her an easy target for her father. He had never physically struck them nor did Claire think he had her mother. Words were his weapon of choice, and he used them like knives.

For not the first time, Claire thought about how much easier it would be if her mother lived in a condominium that included maintenance and upkeep because the price of maintaining her home as well as her medication was staggering. She would also love to never have to see this house again. After the death of her father, her mother lived comfortably on his life insurance payment for a few years but in the last year that money had dwindled and now Claire was forced to pick up the medical bills that her Medicare didn't cover; which seemed to be numerous as well as the maintenance of the home. With a sigh, Claire made her way up to the front walk and was met at the front door by Louise. No matter how bad her day, Louise always made her smile. Standing at just five feet tall, Claire's taller 5'7 frame seemed to tower over her. Louise still insisted on getting a curly perm in her hair every few months and also claimed that as long as they made hair color, she would never be grey. She might not be grey but Claire had seen various other colors over the years when the hair color went wrong. At the present, it was more of a dark brown and what could possibly be a burgundy highlight. She gave Louise a hug and entered the foyer of the house. The original hardwood floors caught the light and gleamed. The staircase was straight in front of the door with the dining room to the right and living room to the left.

"How is mom doing today Louise? Did she take all her medications without too much of a fight?"

"She's been having an off day, but seems better now." Her mother seemed to be having many off days lately. "Her blood sugar was low this morning," continued Louise "and that really takes her awhile to recover from."

At that moment, her mother walked in from the kitchen at the back of the house and her eyes just seemed to light up. Her mother rushed forward and grabbed her in a hug excitedly saying, "Chrissie; I knew you'd come by today, I've been waiting for you!"

Claire looked over at Louise and saw the tears in the corners of her eyes. Louise stepped forward and put her arm around Claire's mother and said, "now Evelyn, you know this isn't Chrissie; this is Claire, remember?"

Her mother looked at Claire in confusion and then Claire could see the agitation beginning. "I think I know who my own daughter is," said her mother indignantly.

Saddened, Claire looked at Louise and said, "It doesn't matter Louise."

The confusion and the agitation that followed was the reason Claire was forced to have a separate residence when it would be much easier financially for them to live together. For some reason, her mother never seemed to forget Louise, but she often confused her with Chrissie or didn't recognize her at all. Even though she forgot that Chrissie was dead at times, she never asked after her husband. It was as if she could accept his death but couldn't process Chrissie's.

"I've the dinner ready Claire," replied Louise, and she gently turned her mother around and they all headed towards the kitchen. With just her mother, Louise and herself, the formal dining room had long ago stopped being used in favor of the smaller breakfast nook in the kitchen. Louise made a simple dinner of tomato bisque soup and ham and cheese sandwiches. Louise settled her mother in a chair, and Claire took a seat on the other side of the table careful to keep from startling her mother in her present state of mind.

Her mother suddenly looked at her and said in an excited voice, "Oh Claire; you made it for dinner! When did you come in honey?"

"I got here a few moments ago mom." Louise looked over at Claire as she was sitting down with a sad expression on her face.

"How was your day honey?" continued Claire's mother.

"It was fine mom, just busy as usual. I'm going to Columbia on business this weekend, so I won't see you guys again until Sunday evening."

"Oh Claire, you work so hard, doesn't she Louise?"

Louise winked at Claire, "You know these young people today Evelyn, work, work, work." the rest of the meal was spent in relaxing conversation.

After dinner was finished Louise led her mother into the living room and settled her in front of the TV to watch her favorite soap opera on DVR. When she returned to the kitchen she looked at Claire and said, "The roof is leaking again in the master bedroom upstairs."

Looking at her in dismay, Claire said, "I just had that fixed last winter, how in the world is it leaking again?!"

"Honey, it was two years ago and that's about how long the roofer said it would hold." Claire sat down in a kitchen chair and wearily closed her eyes for a moment. "The lord never gives us more than we can handle, things will turn around soon, just have faith," soothed Louise.

"Faith has been in real short supply lately, and I'm not sure of how much longer I can handle the upkeep on this house Louise. I know it would just kill mom to have to move."

"Honey, we will do what we need to do, your mother would be confused, but I think she would adjust in time," said Louise. "Let me call my nephew Brent; he's a good handyman and might be cheaper than a roofing company."

"Thanks Louise, I don't know what I would do without you," said Claire as she stood up and walked across the kitchen to hug her. "I'll call you this weekend while I'm in Columbia but if anything at all comes up, call me Louise, and I'll come straight back home," said Claire.

"You don't worry about us; we will be just fine," assured Louise.

Claire walked into the living room and said, "Mom; I'm leaving now," as she leaned down to give a kiss on the cheek.

Her mother absently patted her cheek and said, "Ok Chrissie; I'll see you tomorrow," and went back to her soap opera. Not bothering to correct her, Claire called out one last goodbye to Louise and made her way out the door to where Daisy was patiently waiting. She backed out of the driveway and headed back to Myrtle Beach and her small one-bedroom apartment on the south side.

Chapter Four

Myrtle Beach was a busy tourist town, and rent was not cheap. Claire had been fortunate to find a reasonably priced apartment in a quieter area of town that was a little further away from the ocean than most of the tourist crowd liked. She spotted her neighbor William 'but call me Billy' in the parking lot and desperately looked for another parking spot. If she couldn't park on the other side of the complex she would sleep in her car if she had to until he went inside his apartment. The lot was completely full except for her space in front of her apartment so it was either flee or suck it up and park. She could see Billy's eyes zero in on her immediately as she pulled into her spot.

Billy was on the short side for a man with a pudgy build and hair that looked as if he poured oil straight on it each day to slick it down. He also had a very disturbing habit of 'adjusting himself' constantly. Claire could only hope this was a bad habit and not an indication of how much she excited him. She shuddered at the last thought as he strolled towards her in his 'trying to be sexy way.' Claire hurriedly stepped from her car and attempted to walk towards her apartment door.

"Hey good looking, long time no see," began Billy.

"Er... yeah, long time, I'm in a bit of a hurry though."

Completely ignoring that last line, he continued, "I've been trying to catch you at home; I got two tickets to a Neil Diamond show. This tribute band is so good you'd never know the difference."

"That sounds um... lovely, but I'll be going out of town for awhile on business and have no idea when I'll be back."

"That's ok; it's not until next month, and you should be back by then, right?"

"It could be a really long trip," Claire stressed, "I'll have to get back to you."

Claire cringed as he leaned in closer, "just give us a chance Claire, old Billy will rock your world." Another annoying problem, Billy liked to talk about himself in the third person as well.

Thanks to either good timing or what Claire liked to think of as divine intervention, the neighbor two doors down came out of his apartment and yelled, "Hey Billy, I need a lift to the store man." Claire took this as her cue to run like hell and took off towards her apartment. She quickly unlocked her door and almost fell inside in her haste.

Claire went straight to the couch and laid down intending to take a short rest before packing for the trip. She shuddered one more time at being cornered by 'William but Billy,' and hoped she never got that desperate. It had been well over three years now since she'd actually had sex, three long years and to say that she was so horny she literally followed the hunky mailman around like a stalker was an understatement, but please lord, never let me get that desperate. Maybe it is time for one of those vibrating rabbits like Suzy had been suggesting.

When Claire opened her eyes again, the dawn was just starting to break. She jumped up from the couch with her heart pounding; she'd slept through the night, and it was now 7:00 am. She ran into her bedroom and grabbed a suitcase out of the closet dropping it onto the bed. She began pulling slacks and shirts out and within an hour she was fully packed and ready to leave for Columbia. Claire said a quick prayer to herself that she actually had some clothes that would match as she locked her door and packed the suitcase in her car.

Within an hour she was on I-20 heading towards Columbia. She vowed to stop at the next rest area to look over her directions from Jason. Claire finally allowed herself to take a deep breath and relax. She would probably be a bit later than Jason intended but hopefully there would be no news of the contracts yet and she would have a moment to get settled in. She turned on her radio and heard Jon Bon Jovi proudly belting out "Livin' on a Prayer".

When she saw the sign for a rest area, she pulled in and went over her directions. After quick restroom visit, Claire was back on the road, and traffic was picking up as she drew closer to the City of Columbia. She spotted her exit up ahead and turned on the adjoining road. Thanks to Jason's very precise directions Claire was soon turning into the driveway of Jason's friend, Harold.

Jason had told her that Harold's family ran a large ranch that bred and sold very expensive race horses to people from all over the world. The buildings and stables close to the house seemed to be a hub of activity. Claire felt like she was looking back at an episode of her mother's old favorite night soap opera, Dallas. You almost expected to see Bobby or J.R. Ewing walking out the door. Maybe she could be Pam for the weekend, and Jason could be Bobby. She chuckled to herself at that thought as she pulled her car into an available parking space. Claire spared a glance at her reflection in the rearview mirror and opened the door to exit the car.

She lifted out her small suitcase from the boot of the car just as an enormous dog bounded up to her. Reflexes kicking in, Claire quickly jumped back as the dog skidded to a stop in front of her and proceeded to lick her hand.

"Wolf you crazy dog, stop!" Claire looked up as a pretty girl with a rather harassed air approached the car. "I'm sorry about the impromptu bath, but Wolf has never met a stranger he didn't lick. I'm Elizabeth, Harold's fiancee, and you have already met Harold's mutt, Wolf?"

Claire gave Wolf a quick pat and scratch behind the ears. She offered her other hand to Elizabeth, "Hi; I'm Claire, Jason's assistant."

"Good to meet you Claire, Harold asked me to keep an eye out for you since he and Jason have gone riding and have not returned yet."

"This is a beautiful place; I'd no idea that this was such a large ranch," said Claire.

"Harold's family has been in the business for generations. His parents retired to Florida a few years ago and now Harold is running the business; or actually, it seems to be running us most days, but we love it. Come on inside Claire, I made up a guest room upstairs for you near Jason's room. How long have you worked with Jason?"

Claire followed Elizabeth into a surprisingly homey entryway and replied, "For almost three years." Suddenly, something under Claire's foot made a loud squeaking sound. Automatically jumping back with an apology forming on her lips, Claire looked down to see a plastic bone that she'd overlooked on her way across the foyer. She looked over at Elizabeth and they both burst out laughing.

"As you can see Claire, we've a pretty informal home, and Wolf is generally the boss of it." Claire was pleasantly surprised at how friendly Elizabeth was and how comfortable she felt with her. "Jason, Harold and I all went to college together," continued Elizabeth "and I just think the world of Jason. The other groomsmen are staying at a hotel closer to downtown and they're all going out tonight for what I highly suspect is a bachelor party for Harold," laughed Elizabeth. "Harold is on the shy side, and the guys love to embarrass him. I think Jason and Harold were always close because with Harold being the quiet one and Jason being the serious one, they seemed to blend well together. That's the reason Jason is staying here with us and the others are staying at a hotel; Harold was afraid they'd do something to embarrass him in front of the neighbors."

Claire followed Elizabeth up the stairs to the end of the hall. Elizabeth opened a door saying, "This is your room," and, pointing to a door, she indicated an adjoining bathroom. "The door on the left side opens into a connecting bedroom, and Jason will be there. Jason has an office set up in the sitting area of his room, and I thought it would be easier for you to work together if you are close."

"Thanks so much Elizabeth, I really appreciate everything."

"Oh call me Liz, everyone else does. I'll leave you to settle in; if you need anything I'll be at the other end of the hall in the office on the right working so feel free to drop in. I expect the guys to be back around lunchtime, and we can all have a bite on the patio outside."

"Thanks again Liz." Claire heard the door open down the hall as Liz went into her office. The room held a queen-sized bed in the center with a lovely pale yellow comforter which matched the soothing color of the walls. An antique chest sat at the foot of the bed with a dresser of similar design directly in front of it against the wall. Claire opened a door beside the bathroom and found the closet to be empty. She quickly unpacked and hung her clothing up to avoid further wrinkling. A quick check of her watch showed it was close to noon, and she wondered what time the men would return for lunch. Claire took her vanity bag into the bathroom to freshen up and gave an appreciative sigh.

The bathroom had obviously been upgraded recently and contained a huge, separate, glass enclosed shower and a lovely Jacuzzi bathtub. The floors were white marble, and the walls continued the yellow color of the bedroom. Claire used one of the cloths that had been laid out on the vanity to wash her face and reapplied a light tinted moisturizer along with pale pink lipstick. She released her hair from its clip and attempted to tame it into something tolerable before she put it back up.

Claire accidentally knocked over her vanity bag, the contents of it scattering all over the floor. She smothered a curse under her breath as she leaned over to pick up the mess on the floor and promptly hit her head on the corner of the vanity. Ouch! Claire stood with her hand over the injured area and saw in the mirror that she'd somehow managed to make a small cut. Damn, why must I always be such a klutz? 'Mishaps', as she termed them, had plagued her for most of her life. Claire went back in the bedroom to retrieve her purse for the emergency box of band-aids she never left home without. Suddenly, the door at the opposite end of the room opened, and Jason stepped through.

"Claire, I heard a crash. I knocked a couple of times but there was no answer." She froze as Jason walked into the room. Looking incredible in a pair of well-worn jeans that hugged him in all the right places and a black polo shirt, he was staring at her with a look of impatience on his handsome face. The room that had seemed very large at first now seemed to shrink to almost a suffocating size with Jason in it.

Taken by surprise at his sudden appearance Claire stuttered, "I hit my head and was looking for a Band-Aid."

"Good lord you have blood on your hand, let me see your head."

"No, that's ok Jason, give me a minute and I'll take care of it."

"For God's sake Claire, give me the damn thing." Too startled by his outburst to do anything else, Claire didn't resist as Jason removed the band-aid from her hand and motioned at her to go ahead of him into the bathroom. Despite the impatience in his words, his hands were gentle as he pushed her hand aside and surveyed the cut. "How in the world did you manage this Claire?"

"I dropped my bag on the floor and was leaning down to pick it up and accidentally hit the vanity corner."

"It's already starting to swell and will probably cause a bruise," replied Jason. He wet another cloth and gently dabbed at the corner of the cut and then removed the band-aid from the package, expertly applying it. "That probably needs antibiotic cream; I'll ask Liz for some at lunch. Do you feel ok? We can also ask Liz for some painkillers if it's hurting at all."

"No, really it's fine Jason; you didn't need to bother; I'm used to patching myself up from my mishaps."

"You have this kind of thing happen a lot?"

"I seem to be quite a magnet for random household accidents, after a while you learn to patch yourself up quickly," laughed Claire.

Jason suddenly paused and his startling blue eyes stared at her, as though he had never really seen her before. In his mind, Claire was his trusty assistant. Neither pretty nor ugly, she was just always there to take care of anything he needed. To see this different side of her now, to realize that she was actually a beautiful woman was shocking as hell, and he didn't know how to process it. Trying to gather his thoughts, Jason said, "I don't think I've ever noticed how uh... pretty your hair is. Why do you always wear it up?"

Self-consciously patting her hair down in an effort to tame it, Claire said, "It's rather hard to control so it's easier to keep it up."

"That's a real shame," Jason said so quietly she wasn't even sure if she'd heard him correctly.

Jason bent over and started to pick up the contents of Claire's make-up bag from the floor. She couldn't help but admire his long, lean form; and those jeans did things for his butt that should be against the law. She had to fight the urge to slide her hand right down that hot set of buns and give them a squeeze. Suzy would be hyperventilating if she were here to witness this. Claire looked away before she was caught ogling the boss's butt. She had to stifle a giggle as she imagined the horrified expression on his face if his assistant suddenly gave in to the urge to feel him up.

Jason put the bag on the counter and then put the wash cloth he used in the hamper. He walked back out to the bedroom and towards the adjoining door and looked over his shoulder and said, "Meet me in the hall in five minutes. We will go down for lunch and then work for a few hours this afternoon."

As the door shut behind Jason, Claire took a deep breath and slowly released it. She quickly returned to the bathroom and put her hair in its usual boring ponytail and sighed. Maybe Suzy is right; it is time for a makeover. How many times could someone wear brown, beige or tan and not turn into a sofa cover eventually?

Claire headed to the door and found Jason waiting in the hall for her. She noticed him looking at her hair and she hoped a stray piece wasn't sticking up. He said, "You should always wear your hair down; you look like a different person."

Startled because Jason never made comments of the personal nature, Claire could feel her cheeks starting to burn. Another misfortune as far as Claire was concerned was not only that she was prone to a lot of 'mishaps', but she also still blushed like a teenager.

Claire quickly looked away from his intense gaze feeling like she'd somehow let him down by putting her hair up. "I'm not sure where the patio is located so lead the way." Thankfully taking the hint Jason turned and headed down the hall and to the stairway.

They walked through a comfortable living area and then through an ultra-modern kitchen. Claire caught a glimpse of Liz and Harold sitting at a large wrought-iron table through the glass patio doors. Jason opened the door and stood back to allow Claire to walk out ahead of him. After the dim light of the house it took several moments for Claire's eyes to adjust to the glare of the bright sun. Standing up from the table, Harold approached Claire and in a quiet voice said, "Claire, I'm Harold; I'm so pleased to meet you."

Harold was tall and thin with sandy blond hair that was beginning to thin on the top. Claire could imagine that he was probably all legs when he was growing up. A pair of gold-rimmed glasses framed green eyes that could easily be his best feature.

She took the offered hand and said, "It's a pleasure Harold; I really appreciate the hospitality of Liz and yourself."

"No problem at all Claire, I know that you and Jason have work to do this weekend, but I also hope you will have time to look around the ranch, and maybe we can all go for a horseback ride tomorrow morning before you leave."

Jason pulled a seat out for her at the table beside Liz and replied wryly, "I don't know about that Harold; Claire has a bit of a problem with mishaps so it might be healthier for her to remain on her own two feet."

Claire could feel the curious gaze of Harold and Liz as Jason took the seat on her other side. Liz reached over to pat Claire's shoulder and said, "I'm sure we can find something you'd enjoy doing while you're here Claire. If you'd rather not ride, maybe you could take a nice walk around the ranch with Wolf; it's really beautiful this time of the year."

"I'm sure you will both be too busy tomorrow with the wedding for anything else, but thank you very much for the offer," said Claire.

Claire felt the urge to kick Jason under the table for his previous comment. She settled for shooting him a dirty look to which she received a knowing smirk in return.

"I hope you like chili Claire; it's one of the few dishes that I can actually make," laughed Liz, "and we've some fresh fruit for dessert."

"Chili sounds great Liz." She took a bite of the fragrant chili and looked around the ranch. In the distance, she could see a huge building with a corral in the front and several men leading horses in it. Harold explained those horses were being trained for specific buyers. One buyer was purchasing a horse for his daughter who had been an avid rider but tragically blinded in an accident last year. His daughter wanted to continue to ride, and they were working on a method of training for the disabled. Liz enthusiastically picked up the conversation as Harold paused for a moment to enjoy his lunch.

"This is a project that Harold and I started last year, and it's been so successful. Training horses for a person with a specific handicap is challenging and often a long process but when we saw the tears of the first young lady we trained a horse for her that had lost a leg in an auto accident; we both knew this was our calling. Harold's parents mainly dealt in raising cattle. Training and selling race horses was really a hobby for them. This new area is our labor of love, and although it has taken an enormous amount of time and training, we feel so blessed to be able to give someone back their dream."

"Wow, that's amazing; you must both be so proud of what you're doing," exclaimed Claire.

Jason laughed, "Harold and Liz are about the only two selfless people I've ever met and to prove that point, look at that mongrel of theirs that they lavish all their love on." Claire looked in the direction that Jason was pointing and saw Wolf running around in a circle chasing his tail and finally falling over as though the effort had cost him greatly. With everyone laughing, the meal continued in companionable conversation over the local area and stories of other horses they'd trained.

Claire was surprised to find this to be the most enjoyable meal she'd shared with anyone in a long time. Most of her meals with her mother and Louise were spent in constant trepidation of her mother moving into an agitated state when her memory lapsed. Meals with Suzy seemed to revolve around Claire getting out more and getting a social life or, at the very least, just getting laid. So this lunch seemed to be remarkably pressure free. Even Jason who normally was so intense to be around appeared to be relaxed as he pointed out areas of interest around the ranch or told stories from their college days. It was nice to feel like a part of their group, and even though she was Jason's secretary and here in an official capacity, she still felt relaxed and carefree; a rare occasion for her.

Claire insisted on helping Liz clear the table. They walked in the kitchen and loaded the dishwasher together. "I know this is none of my business, and Harold says that never stops me, but how long have you and Jason been seeing each other?" asked Liz.

Completely confused at this question Claire looked at Liz and said, "do you mean how long have I been working for Jason?"

"No," replied Liz, "how long have you been dating him?" For some reason, this struck Claire as hysterical, and she began to laugh.

When she could finally catch her breath she looked at Liz and said between peals of laughter, "Jason would probably be surprised to realize I'm female; much less the object of his romantic interests!"

Liz joined in her laughter and said, "Oh, I think he knows you're female alright from the vibes I was getting across the table. I think there was more than the chili steaming over there."

"Trust me Liz, he would have more romantic vibes towards Wolf than towards me; we've a strictly professional relationship." Claire was vastly amused to think of how shocked Jason would be to think that Liz would consider he had feelings for her. His first question would probably be 'Claire who?' and the second would be, 'are you kidding?'

At just that moment, the object of their laughter strolled into the kitchen and, God help her, Claire had to admit he looked better than any man had a right to. Why must she always feel like she was in perpetual heat around this man? She'd actually been around other hot guys before and hadn't felt like her underwear was on fire, so what was the problem here?

"Claire, are you ready to work for a few hours before we have to break for the evening?"

"Yes, that's fine; I'm ready if you are." Oh yeah baby, I'm more than ready... She shared one last secret smile with Liz before once again letting Jason lead the way as they went back upstairs.

Chapter Five

Jason's room had the same comfortable theme. The walls were painted a pale blue color with a matching comforter on the queen-sized bed and another chest at the foot of the bed. "I love the antique touches that Liz and Harold have in their home," said Claire appreciably as she pointed to the chest.

"Collecting antiques is a hobby they have and when Liz can find a bargain on a rare piece, Harold says she's in sheer bliss for days," replied Jason with an affectionate smile. She couldn't help but think of how nice it would be to be the object of that affection. Claire quickly looked away from Jason and walked towards the desk he had set up in the sitting area.

"Claire I've forwarded the first draft of the contract to your email address; I have the printer ready to connect to the laptop computer for you to work on," said Jason. She started to go under the table to retrieve the printer plug when Jason said, "No, Claire let me do that!" She jumped in surprise banging her head on the underside of the table with the cord clutched in her hand. She winced in pain, reaching up a hand to rub her head. Claire crawled from under the table and sat back on her heels while she surveyed her latest head injury with her hand.

"Damn, Claire I'm sorry! I shouldn't have startled you like that, are you ok?" Jason gently removed her hand and ran his own over the area she'd been holding. "I don't see any blood this time, but you're probably going to have yet another bump. You really weren't kidding about the mishaps were you? I have to take the blame for this one though since I scared you."

Jason extended a hand to help Claire to her feet. He then took the cord from her hand and plugged it into the computer. He led her gently to a chair and said in an amused tone, "Let's keep you away from all sharp objects and for God's sake, please don't go near the scissors." She laughed and marveled at how relaxed she felt around Jason for the first time since she'd started working for him. He seemed to be a different person away from the office and unfortunately, despite her best efforts, Claire found 'this' Jason far too attractive for her own good. She tried not to dwell on that disturbing fact as she powered her computer.

Claire took a quick glance at her watch and saw that it was now almost two thirty. She would need to be on the road by five to allow time to travel to the bachelor party this evening. She said a quick prayer that they were finished with work in time for her to get ready.

"Claire I'll need you to start making the changes that I've listed on the notebook on the desk; the first change will go in paragraph one." Jason leant over her shoulder and started pointing out the area to make the change and Claire caught the fragrance of his cologne. Distracted by just how good the musky fragrance smelled on Jason, Claire really hoped that she didn't look like a complete idiot when Jason started asking her for suggestions on the wording of the phrase he wished to insert. What's wrong with me today? I've worked for the man for three years, and I'm now suddenly a constantly drooling idiot like the other women at work! Maybe Suzy is right; I do need to get a life!

"Claire, did you hear me?" Giving a guilty start, Claire asked Jason to repeat his question in hopes that he would not think she was a complete incompetent. Claire went to work on the first draft while Jason took a chair on the other side of the desk and started booting up his computer. She couldn't help but notice the way the sunlight made Jason's hair shine, and she also saw red highlights that she'd never noticed before. Claire quickly looked away before Jason caught her staring at him. She lost herself in the revision and was startled when Jason looked up and said, "We should probably call it a day; it's close to five, and I need to get ready; and I believe you also have plans for the evening?"

She looked at her watch surprised to see that so much time had already passed. "I've most of the revisions complete if you'd like to look over them before I close the program." said Claire.

"No, that's ok; we will go over everything in the morning so go ahead and close up for the evening."

Claire gathered her papers in a neat stack and noticed how stiff her back was when standing. Without thinking she took a long leisurely stretch, and she looked up to find Jason watching her intently. With her face flushing she looked away from his gaze and said, "If you don't need anything else, I'm going to change and get going."

Jason cleared his throat and said, "Um no problem, have a good evening."

Claire quickly walked through the adjoining door, quietly clicking the lock into place behind her. She would rather have Jason find her unconscious than walk in unannounced after another mishap. In the bathroom, Claire looked longingly at the bathtub but knew that it was a luxury she didn't have time for. She settled instead for the shower, letting it warm up as she undressed. Claire gave a murmur of bliss as the hot water cascaded over her tired shoulders, wincing when the water hit the new bump on her head. She gently worked some shampoo through her hair and enjoyed the feel of the water soothing away the fatigue of the day. Loath to cut the shower short, she finished up quickly knowing that she was pressed for time.

She quickly wrapped a towel around her hair and shrugged on her old, pink, ratty bathrobe she'd thought to bring along. She plugged in her small dryer and started the task of drying her hair. She knew she should really get it cut in a shorter style to reduce some of the drying time, but Claire considered this her one item of vanity even though it was worn up more than down.

When Claire first started working the bachelor parties for Pam, she'd arrived for her training and Pam immediately removed the clip from her hair and told her that men loved seeing long hair. This statement really gave Claire a pause as she'd understood from Pam that the clients for these parties were strictly upper class and instead of expecting a stripper performance at a bachelor party, they were content with a pretty girl in a corset and garter belt; no articles of clothing removed.

Claire had originally turned Pam down flat when she explained the wardrobe for the show; she'd never worn less than a one-piece swimsuit in public so she certainly didn't intend to lose her inhibitions in front of a room full of strange men. The following day, she received the news that her mother's furnace would need to be replaced. There was no way she could afford the new furnace and her mother's medicine thus she ended up with a second job that she would have never imagined in a lifetime.

The theme for most bachelor parties offered by Partiez Plus was what Claire would imagine a country club for wealthy golfers would offer. Expensive furniture, including luxurious wing back chairs, and mahogany tables were arranged into several intimate seating areas. There were crystal decanters at each sitting area offering an array of liquors. A box of imported cigars was also offered for those more adventurous. Wait staff circulated discreetly seeing to every need.

Of course, no matter how dignified, since this was after all a bachelor party. A few hours into the evening, a large cake was rolled into the center of the room and the bachelor in question was given a ring side seat, or in this case a cake side seat and the music for the evening was cued. At just the right moment, a small spotlight flashed to the cake and 'Wala'! Out pops a girl with her arms raised in the air! In this case, the girl was Claire. She would then smile and wave to the guest of honor as well as to the others in the bachelor party. After a few moments, she would be assisted down from the cake and would walk up to the bachelor, give him a hug, a bottle of Cristal and wish him a very happy life.

Generally, she would then exit the area and change into the traditional uniform of the other wait staff and continue assisting with the party. Claire couldn't believe she'd gotten so comfortable with these parties that she hardly gave them much thought anymore. The men were indeed generally very well-behaved, and her moment in the spotlight was short. The tips were very generous and were split between the party staff. Some tips were left specifically for Claire, but she always insisted that these be divided among everyone as well.

She hurriedly finished drying her hair and went into the bedroom to pull on a tan pair of slacks and a soft purple sweater. Claire took out the small bag she usually carried to the parties and checked to make sure she had everything she needed, then went back to the bathroom to reapply her make-up. Unfortunately working the parties required it to be heavier than she would usually wear it. The spotlight tended to make her face seem very pale, and her eyes seemed to disappear. She applied a heavy base liberally to her face along with a pink blusher, black eyeliner and mascara.

Claire's green eyes were sparkling by the time she finished adding some dark shadow to her eyelids. Even though she didn't like the feel of the makeup, she had to admit that it gave her a somewhat exotic look that she normally lacked. Claire returned to the other room and gathered her bag and her purse and stepped out into the hall. She looked down to open her purse and locate her car keys while she started to walk towards the stairway. Suddenly, the air left her body in a whoosh as she ran into a hard wall. Hands reached out to steady her as Claire looked up into Jason's amused blue eyes.

"I believe this is your third mishap of the day, but who is counting, right?" laughed Jason. He continued to hold onto her arms as though he had suddenly forgotten what he was doing. Claire was frozen as she watched his intent gaze sweep from the top of her head to pause at her lips and then continue on to her br**sts. She pulled herself from his grip, her face starting to flame. He slowly, almost reluctantly, released her. "Is there some special-occasion today with your family? You seem really dressed up." asked Jason.

Claire nervously replied, "Um no, not really. I haven't seen them in a while and wanted to look my best." Are the words 'I'm a complete liar' plastered on my forehead?

"Well you should certainly have no problem with that, you look like you're ready for a date," Jason replied tightly.

Oh yeah, I'm ready for a date with a whole room of horny guys in a few hours. "I, um, no, nothing like that," Claire replied as she turned away to continue down the hall.

"I'll walk you down," said Jason falling into step behind her.

As she hurriedly made her way to the stairs, she heard Jason say with amusement, "Claire let's slow down before mishap number four occurs before you make it out of the house." She forced herself to slow her pace lest she end up at the bottom of the stairs in a heap. She prayed that she would give Jason nothing further to laugh about today.

Harold and Liz walked out of the family room and stopped in the foyer to wait for them. "Wow, you look great," said a smiling Liz. "You're more than welcome to join my girls' night this evening, Claire."

"Thank you for offering Liz; however, I have family expecting me."

"Please drop by in the family room if you get home early Claire, my friends are a little loud but are a really great group of ladies, and I know they'd enjoy your company."

Claire smiled at Liz warmly and thanked her. She was really surprised at how comfortable she was with Liz and Harold. They seemed the exact opposite of Jason, and Claire was curious as to how the friendship had continued over all these years. Liz and Harold were the type of people to settle down and promptly have two children who were as well-mannered and lovable as they were.

Jason, however, was the type to spend his whole life driven for the next merger with his eye always on the bottom line. When and if Jason did marry, Claire could picture him with a cool blond who spent most of her time shopping and redesigning their penthouse or country home. Try as she might, Claire couldn't picture Jason with children, although she could see that being an only child, there must be pressure to provide the next Danvers heir. It was suddenly quiet and Claire realized that Jason had asked her a question.

"I'm sorry; I was just going over the directions to my aunt's home can you repeat that please?"

Jason's blue eyes twinkled as if to say, 'I know you're lying, but I'll let it pass.' "I asked what area you'll be traveling to. Harold and I could give you a lift and pick you up later tonight if we're going to be near your family."

"No, that's ok; my aunt lives off the beaten path so to speak, and it would be too far out of the way," stammered a flustered Claire.

In his quiet voice, Harold said, "Claire it would be no problem; we'd be happy to drop you off anywhere you need to go."

Hey, great, could you drop me at the gentlemen's club an hour away? My aunt really likes to party. She could feel herself starting to panic as she said, "that's very thoughtful of you both, however, I promised my aunt that I would take her to dinner and I'll need my own transportation for that. Thank you both though for offering."

This thankfully appeared to satisfy them both and the topic was dropped. Claire looked down at her watch and announced that her aunt would be waiting for her and after saying goodbye to everyone, Claire walked towards the front door. Jason stepped in front of the door and opened it for her asking, "What time will you be back this evening Claire?"

Wow, she thought when Jason had assumed a role as her daddy; she gave a vague answer, "I've not seen my aunt in quite a while, so I plan to spend several hours with her."

Claire made her way to her car. She risked a quick look over her shoulder and saw Jason leaned against his black Mercedes watching her with an unreadable expression on his handsome face. She hurriedly climbed into her car and buckled her seatbelt trying to control the urge to speed away.

Claire took a deep breath and turned her car towards Florence. She was familiar with the area of the party she was working tonight so she didn't anticipate any problems with finding the location. Claire was aghast at her sudden reaction to Jason as not only her boss but very much a man. In the time that Claire worked for him, she'd of course noticed how handsome he was, especially with Suzy pointing it out numerous times a day; and yes, like everyone else in the company, she had plenty of fantasies about various sexual positions with him but she never actually saw him as a person.

Her fantasies were the same as she would have for Tom Cruise or George Clooney, lust from afar but business as usual each day. Away from the office and the stress of her life, Claire was seeing Jason in a different light. She was suddenly noticing things about him that she shouldn't be; like the way his eyes seemed to sparkle when he was laughed, the way he obviously loved his friends and, lord help her, the way those faded Levis cupped that gorgeous butt. How many times today had she forced herself to stop staring at him? She practically wiped her mouth a few times to make sure she wasn't drooling. Claire vowed to return things to their usual professional behavior.

The landscape between Columbia and Florence was rather sparse after leaving the city of Columbia. Myrtle Beach seemed like Los Angeles compared to the small towns she was now passing through. Claire knew she was approaching her exit and mentally prepared herself to enter what she called the 'Partiez Plus Mode.'

Chapter Six

Claire easily located the address of the party and parked her car in the employee lot. She looked up with a smile as Julie knocked on her car window. She'd met Julie during her first party and they bonded instantly. Julie was a single mother to a precious four-year-old boy named Kyle and the extra income from working weekends as a bartender for Partiez Plus allowed her to send Kyle to a great preschool close to their home. She was also attending night school to be a registered nurse.

Claire watched Kyle for her in the evenings occasionally when her regular sitter was not available. "Hey Claire, are you ready to get your party on?"

Claire laughed and said, "You bet, another day, and another cake to jump out of." She lifted her bag out of the backseat and walked with Julie to the side employees' entrance. They waved at the usual crew from Partiez Plus as they walked to the ladies' restroom to change clothes.

Claire opened her bag and removed the corset with matching panties and garter belt that she would use for her cake routine. She also pulled out the wait staff uniform she would need afterwards from her bag. "Do you think our clothes will be ok left in here?"

"Unless one of the men at the bachelor party decides to go drag, I think we're fine," joked Julie.

Claire stepped into one of the stalls and began taking off her clothes and putting on the sexy lingerie. When she stepped back out Julie was buttoning her shirt. Unlike her, Julie had no problem showing a little skin and would never resort to dressing in a restroom stall. Julie was truly a tall drink of water. She had long blond hair worn to her shoulders in a straight pageboy cut, and her skin had a summer glow year 'round. Julie was very blessed in the chest area and didn't mind putting those assets on display. Naturally, she earned more tips than most of the other wait staff without even trying.

Julie turned around and gave her version of a wolf whistle. "You look hot in that Claire; I think we can find one of these rich guys for you tonight; just give that junk in the trunk an extra wiggle!"

"You're a nut," laughed Claire. She wondered how it could be that all her female friends seemed to be in heat and always looking for a fast fix up for her. She walked to the mirror to touch up her make-up and hair. "How is Kyle doing?"

Julie had the special smile that she wore when talking about her son. "He's doing really well and he asked if you'd be here tonight, he misses you."

"I miss him too; I would be happy to watch him for you anytime; he's such a pleasure to have around."

"Thanks Claire, I appreciate it. He's doing well in school, and the teacher there thinks he's really advanced for his age group so my kid may be the future Bill Gates and take his mother away from all this!"

"Hey don't forget me if that happens, I could be your overpaid assistant, right?" laughed Claire.

"You bet; it's a deal, you know I would share the wealth."

"Do you know anything about the bachelor in question for this party tonight?" asked Claire.

"Just that his name is Winthrop, and he has some numbers at the end so that means spoiled snooty rich kid who is marrying probably equally spoiled girl named something like Buffy or Miffy."

"You're bad Julie," laughed Claire. She looked in the mirror and tried to tame her mass of auburn hair into something manageable. She longed to put it up in a clip for a neater look; however, Pam didn't like the cake girl popping out with her hair in a bun. She'd made it clear that the school teacher look wasn't a turn on. Instead Claire thought the cake girl probably popped out looking like Cousin IT from the Adams Family with all her hair in disarray.

She gave a disgusted sigh, and Julie looked over and said, "I would kill for your hair; I don't know why you'd ever want to put it up. It's so sexy down." Giving her best leer Julie said, "Babe, I would almost do you."

Claire nearly blinded herself with mascara laughing. "You must be kidding; I love your hair; and it always looks so neat."

"Ugh, neat is another word for boring," growled Julie, "I want the wavy, sexy look that you're rocking tonight, give me some of that curl, girl!"

Even though she felt that Julie was kidding, Claire did feel better about herself as she applied her lipstick. Claire took a last look in the mirror and thought, well damn, maybe there's hope for me after all! I bet Jason would be surprised to see me now. Wow! Where did Jason come into this? Flustered to be thinking of her boss and actually wondering what he would think of her appearance was a bit of a shock to Claire. Since when did her carpet burn fantasy carry over into her after-hours life? Apparently, she'd been under more stressed lately than she had realized if she was now starting to have some sort of fantasy life where Jason was the star 24-7.

Claire needed to get this weekend behind her and return home to her normal routine where Jason was the boss whom she lusted after from eight to five, and she neither thought about nor cared how he looked in jeans, well much, or how his eyes sparkled or whether he thought she was attractive. Claire looked over and noticed Julie giving her a questioning look.

"Did you say something?" asked Claire.

"Just asked if you were almost finished." replied Julie. "You seemed like you were a million miles away with some interesting thoughts." Claire quickly assured Julie she was just worrying about her mother. From the look on Julie's face, there was no way she bought that excuse, but she was polite enough to let it go. She grabbed her cover-up from her bag, pulling it on as she walked out into the hallway to call home before the party started.

Hearing Louise's voice on the other end of the line, Claire smiled and said, "Hey Louise, it's me. How are you?"

"Oh hey honey, are you home?"

"No, I'm still in Columbia; I'll be home sometime tomorrow afternoon," replied Claire. "How is mom doing today?"

"Oh you know honey; she has moments where she's living in the here and now and others where she's living in the past. Today has been in the past, mostly," Louise said sadly. "Physically though, she feels good; we sat outside on the porch for a bit this morning and enjoyed our coffee before the day got so hot; and she really loved that."

"That's great Louise; do you think I should try to talk to her?"

"Honey, if you want to I'll get her, but I think it will just confuse her today since she'll assume you're Chrissie and you won't be here in person to try to calm her if she gets upset."

"Ok Louise, I don't want you to have to deal with that so would you just please tell her that I called when she's more lucid?"

"I will honey, don't you worry about us and try to have yourself a good time for once."

"Thank you Louise, I'll see you guys tomorrow when I get home if it's not too late." Claire gathered her composure and walked back inside. Time to put your game face on.

~~~

Jason settled back into the seat of the car they'd hired for the evening. With everyone expected to consume alcohol at Harold's Bachelor Party, Jason had made the call to hire a car to ensure that no one was driving afterwards. The noise level in the car was steadily rising as the others were picked up at their hotel and a rare guys' night out, especially for those who were married with children, was kicking into full gear.

He was surprised when his thoughts turned to his assistant. In the time that Claire had worked for him, he had never seen her as a desirable woman, hell; he hadn't noticed her appearance, period. When he had walked into her room after hearing a crash today and saw her standing there with wild auburn hair cascading down her shoulders and those green eyes flashing it had made him lose his train of thought.

Jason was rarely surprised by anything in life anymore but feeling himself getting hard when he was looking at her injury after one of her 'mishaps' had damn near stunned him speechless. He had discreetly arranged his jeans to hide his growing reaction to her nearness. The tight confines of the bathroom had made this challenging, to say the least.

After he made a hasty departure from the bathroom, he took the time before lunch to take some deep breaths and tried to get back under control. He tried to tell himself that it was just a normal reaction to a female in close confines, and he had managed to get through lunch and the afternoon with only a few curious and frankly confused looks across the desk at her.

Then when he had run into her in the hall this evening it had blown all his theories away. Again, his body had an almost immediate reaction to her presence, and again he was trying to shift himself around like a school boy. He probably would not have noticed if her hair had been on fire most days at the office and now this weekend he was getting an erection every time she walked in the room. Apparently, it had been far too long since his last night with a woman, and he vowed to take care of that; as soon as he returned home.

~~~

The party was to start at seven and generally the cake was rolled in at nine after drinks and canapes had been served. Claire worked in the kitchen for the first part of the evening. Pam thought some of the surprise was taken out of the evening when the 'cake girl' was seen ahead of time. She wore a long apron over her cover-up as she arranged trays for the servers and ran any errands that might be needed. By eight, the party seemed to be in full swing and trays of delicious food were leaving the kitchen and returning empty at a rapid pace. It was usually a welcome sign when the guests were enjoying food at the same pace as their drinks; it seemed to keep down the number of over intoxicated men.

As the time neared for the big cake performance, Claire began to get nervous as usual. Being the center of attention was never something she desired and for those moments when she popped out of the cake, she was very much in the spotlight. As she almost always did, Claire thought that maybe she could just tell Pam she would be a waiter during the parties and have someone else take over the cake. The main problem with that thought was the difference in the money. Her pay for the evening was almost double that of the wait staff and although that might not seem like a lot to some people, it was a small fortune to Claire.

After loading her final tray for a server, Claire went to the restroom to freshen up and begin preparations for being loaded into the cake. Pam had a couple of young men from college who assisted her into the cake. Brian and Max were a lot of fun and always made her laugh as they hoisted her up to the top of the cake. They'd also be the ones who wheeled the cake in and assisted her down during the party in a much grander manner than the tricks they tried to pull when loading her in. She swatted at Brian as he tried to get Max to help him toss her like a cannonball. Claire laughed as they finally got her to the top of the cake and she stepped down into the small opening.

If they could build skyscrapers and bridges to cover miles, they should surely be able to build a cake with a bottom door to avoid having to be lifted to the top. Brian and Max were always asking if maybe she'd gained a pound or two as they mock staggered trying to lift her. Claire checked the top of the cake to make sure there would be no mishaps with it opening and then settled in.

The increase in the noise level told Claire that they had entered the main room of the party, and she tried to settle the nervous butterflies in her stomach. The music cued up, and Claire listened for the tap from Brian that would signify it was time for her to pop the top of the cake. The signal sounded, and Claire took a big breath and jumped up through the top with her arms held high above her head to much enthusiastic applause.

The honoree of the party was always seated directly in front of the cake and, taking a moment for her eyes to adjust to the light, Claire started to focus on that seat. Slowly blinking her eyes and hoping that she was seeing things, Claire became aware that Jason's friend Harold was standing in front of the chair of honor with Jason standing on his right. Harold was laughing and applauding, and his friends around him were all clapping him on the back, everyone except Jason, who seemed to be studying her intently as if she were someone he was trying to place in his memory. Harold seemed to have no clue as to who she was.

The time that she was required to remain standing seemed endless as she tried to keep her head averted and avoided looking directly at Harold or Jason. She tried to act normal but was desperate to leave the spotlight before she was recognized. Claire turned to the side and signaled to Brian and Max to lift her down on the left side instead of the normal front position.

They were confused at the change but quickly positioned to assist the dismount. Claire walked to the left of Harold to give him a hug from behind with the usual congratulations. She tried to exit the area as soon as possible to avoid looking in Jason's direction. Finally, a path parted for her and Claire made her way to the restroom with the sound of applause following her.

~~~

Jason was completely and utterly dumbfounded. Unless his eyesight, and possibly his mind as well, was playing tricks on him, his assistant had jumped out of a cake at his best friend's bachelor party wearing next to nothing. He had been paying very little attention when the cake had been rolled out and only just glanced over when the sound of the top of the cake popping open had caught his attention.

If not for seeing Claire at Harold's with her hair arranged much as it was now, he might have possibly missed what his eyes seemed to be telling him. His demure, mostly genderless assistant was actually a drop-dead bombshell, and even if it took his mind several minutes to accept it, his body knew as soon as he laid eyes on her.

How in the hell had he been so blind to her all of these years and, more importantly, how did one not know that their assistant jumped out of cakes at bachelor parties after hours? Claire lived a whole other life outside the office, which might be normal for everyone to some degree; however, this seemed a little extreme. His little mouse of an assistant was a stripper?

He was sure seeing her with two heads would have surprised him a lot less. Harold didn't seem to recognize her at all and was at present receiving well wishes from the others at the party and comments of the more lewd variety were flying about Claire. For some reason, he wanted to protect her virtue and start punching someone in the face. He stalked angrily towards the direction he had seen Claire disappear to.

~~~

Claire leaned against the restroom stall shaking in reaction. How could this have possibly happened and why didn't she make a connection that this could be Harold's Party? Julie had said the name was Winthrop, and she'd never given it another thought. She hoped against hope that she was wrong and Jason hadn't recognized her. Claire began undressing and vowed to stay in the kitchen the rest of the evening no matter what.

Dear God, she would lose her job with Jason over this; he would never understand why it was necessary to work this job as well as for Danvers. Panic started to set in, and she was shaking so hard her fingers were fumbling trying to unsnap the garters. At just that moment, Claire heard the door open.

"Julie, give me a few minutes, I'm having a hard time with these darn snaps." Not thinking anything of the silence, she continued on, "God Julie you will never believe what just happened, my boss and his friends were at this party. I thought you said the bachelor's name was Winthrop? I need to stay in the kitchen for the rest of the evening and steer clear of Jason." As those words were uttered, she was suddenly aware that Julie hadn't made a single reply. She looked up and was looking into the blue eyes that had haunted her all day.

Time seemed to freeze as she slowly became aware that she was standing in the ladies' restroom practically nak*d with her boss leisurely lowering his gaze to the corset that barely contained her br**sts. She could feel her n**ples standing up and saluting. His gaze lowered to the skimpy matching panties and, heaven help her, she could feel her body continue to betray her as heat pooled between her thighs. She squeezed her legs together to try to control the fire that seemed to be spreading through her body like an inferno. Claire finally gathered her wits enough to sputter, "What're you doing in here? This is the ladies' restroom."

"I thought I would visit with the stripper for the evening, how much for a private lap dance for my friends and myself?"

"Wha... What?" stammered Claire, "what do you mean?"

"Well you're the stripper who jumped out of the cake, correct?"

"No no, I'm not a stripper. I just jump out of the cake with clothes on; I don't strip!"

"Clothes huh? I'm not sure that qualifies as clothing," replied Jason with sarcasm dripping from his voice.

It finally dawned on her that she was still standing in a restroom with her boss, almost nak*d. Claire averted her eyes from his and tried to cover herself with her hands. "Could you please leave? I need to dress, and this is the ladies' restroom." She made the mistake of looking up into Jason's eyes and could feel herself melt. Heat blazed there and with a muttered oath, Jason gripped her arms and dragged her against his hard body.

She went rigid at the sudden contact and tried to pull back as she felt Jason's palms start gliding lightly up her arms leaving a trail of fire as they settled on either side of her face, his thumb gently rubbing her bottom lip. By this point, Claire had given up any thought of getting free and was mesmerized by the smoldering look in his eyes. As if almost against his will Jason leaned forward and gently laid his lips against hers. His tongue took up the course of his thumb and slowly began stroking her bottom lip. Her heart racing and her n**ples turning to stone, Claire went boneless and sagged into him.

Jason took this as a sign of surrender and suddenly deepened the kiss, his tongue thrusting into her mouth. Startled at the sudden invasion, a brief moment of reality started to intrude but was quickly clouded as a hot masculine hand slid down her back and firmly cupped the cheeks of her bottom bringing her up into close contact with a hard bulge.

Realizing that she had the power to excite someone like Jason to this degree gave her a sense of heady intoxication as she allowed herself to be firmly molded to his body. Teeth and lips nipping and licking their way down her neck, Claire felt his hand cup the mound of her breast, his thumb slowly flicking the hard nipple through the lace of her corset. "Oh Jason, please!" cried Claire.

"What do you want baby? Tell me," rasped Jason.

Claire wanted nothing more than to free the hard bulge from his pants and wrap her legs around his hips. She ran her hand down to the butt that she'd admired for so long and pulled him tightly against her, wrapping her ankle around his to bring their bodies even closer together. Jason raised his mouth back to hers and thrust his tongue inside as his h*ps thrust against hers mimicking the action of his tongue. Just as her hand went to the snap of his jeans, a third voice in the room was heard.

"Well, well, this restroom is certainly getting a lot more interesting!" Claire felt Jason stiffen as she looked over in a daze and met the amused gaze of her friend Julie. "I wondered what was keeping you, and now I see you have a very good reason for taking so long," Julie laughingly said.

Claire felt her face flame with embarrassment at being caught making out in a restroom like a teenager. She jerked away from Jason and ran into one of the stalls. As the sound of a door slam vibrated through the restroom, Claire could only hope it was Jason leaving so she could quietly die of mortification.

"The coast is all clear girl, now tell me who that hunk was and don't leave out a single juicy detail."

"Could you hand me my clothes?" mumbled Claire. Cracking the door of the stall, she took the clothes Julie handed in and dressed quickly. She knew she couldn't put Julie off any longer so she opened the door and stepped out to see the amusement that still lingered in Julie's eyes.

As her eyes started to tear up the amusement left Julie, and she walked over and put her arms around her. "What's going on Claire?"

"You would not believe it, even if I told you," replied Claire.

"Try me, very little shocks me. Brian said something upset you during the routine tonight, and you took off as fast as you could. Would that something be the hot guy who just left?"

"That's my boss at Danvers, Jason Danvers."

Julie took a moment to digest this and said, "Ok, so your boss is here tonight, did you know that ahead of time?"

"No, I wouldn't have worked this party knowing I could be risking my job at Danvers," cried Claire. "I never even gave a thought to the fact that Jason was spending the weekend with his friend Harold for his bachelor party, and you said the bachelor's name was Winthrop," gulped Claire.

"Oh honey that's his last name, the name is Harold Winthrop."

She realized that she never actually knew Harold's last name and sighed.

Julie asked, "So what exactly led to the restroom scene I walked in on?"

"I recognized Jason and Harold when I jumped from the cake. Harold didn't seem to know me, but I could see Jason possibly did. That's the reason for the change in routine. I made sure to keep out of the direct line of sight from Jason, and I really hoped he would not be able to place me. I came straight back here to change and heard the door and thought it was you. Things really got out of hand, and I don't even know how it happened."

"Have you and Jason been sleeping together?"

"No, of course not, I've never even been attracted to him." Ok, so that was somewhat of a lie.

"How could you be alive and not be attracted to that hunk? And from where I was standing the feeling was mutual."

"I'm afraid I might have lost my job tonight; he'll surely fire me."

"For what? It takes two, and he was just as guilty as you if we're taking names here. I'll cover for you if you want to leave," offered Julie.

"No, I'll work in the kitchen; though, if it's ok with you, just give me a minute to freshen up." Giving her another sympathetic look, Julie left the restroom.

~~~

Jason shut the door to the restroom and was glad to escape the prying gaze of Claire's co-worker. In another few minutes, he would have taken Claire right there against the restroom wall. How could he have possibly overlooked how beautiful she was? Had he never noticed it during the time she worked for him? Apparently he was way too preoccupied at work. Under the shapeless, drab colored clothing was a body any man would kill to possess. Her response, although timid at first, had literally blown him away and her passion seemed to burn as hot as his.

Was his mouse of an assistant really an experienced woman of the world and a stripper to boot? Although admittedly, she'd not stripped but the line between being a stripper and jumping out of a cake at a bachelor party seemed pretty fine if you asked him. Surely, this violated something in her employment contract. Although this didn't qualify for the non-compete clause, this must be an ethics violation.

The thought of firing her though and probably never seeing her again strangely held little appeal for him. If she valued her job with Danvers International, she would simply terminate this side job. A strong, unexpected wave of something curiously like jealousy ripped through him at the thought of men looking at her jumping out of that absurd cake at parties such as this one. He would take care of this immediately and heaven help any of his friends who had the bad fortune to make any other lewd comments about her body tonight. From this day forward, Claire would find that weekends at Danvers were a requirement which would leave her little time for anything else.

~~~

Claire made it into the kitchen without running into Jason again. She'd almost expected him to be waiting for her outside the restroom, but the coast was all clear. Julie pressed a glass of something strong and fiery into her hand and told her to drink up. Alcohol was something Claire almost never consumed and this particular one brought tears to her eyes but as instructed she finished it completely. The burn of the drink in her stomach seemed to settle it and her nerves. Julie refilled her glass again, and soon she was feeling much better although maybe a little lightheaded. She was also quite certain she was actually giggling.

All her worries about Jason seemed to melt away, and she was enjoying joking around with the waiters as they came into the kitchen for their next tray. Distantly she was aware that she'd just finished her third drink... Or her fourth, and that maybe she should slow down since it would soon be time to drive home.

Finally, the party was starting to finish up, and Claire gathered her stuff to walk out with Julie. They always escorted each other for safety, and Claire felt herself stumbling on her walk to the car. "Claire, I think I need to drive you home; you're in no condition," said a concerned Julie. "Hey Max lives in the Columbia area; you can catch a ride with him, stay right here while I go talk to him." She assured Julie she would not move, and she leaned against the car waiting for her to return.

She saw a figure walk back towards her, and in her alcohol induced haze it was a male and assumed it was Brian. She walked towards him with an apology on her lips for the inconvenience of the ride and came to an abrupt halt when she recognized not Max but Jason instead. Claire stared at him with what could only be described as a deer in the headlight's expression. "I thought you were already gone?"

"We're parked across the road and its taking awhile to get everyone together to leave since a few of the guys have had too much to drink. It looks like you have the same problem, and as we're going back to Harold's, I assured your friend Julie that I would see you home."

"But you can't," stammered Claire, "what about your own car?"

"My friends and I rented a car for the evening since alcohol would be involved as anyone responsible would do." Her cheeks burned at the not too subtle insinuation that she was not responsible. Claire still stood silently, hesitant to get into the car even though it looked churlish to refuse.

Jason seemed to take her silence for agreement and placing his hand on her elbow he effectively steered her towards the passenger seat of her small car. He settled her in the front seat with instructions to buckle up. Jason shut the door and went around to the driver's side and was forced to adjust the driver's seat before he could fit his length into the car. The compact size of the car brought them into a much closer proximity than she was comfortable with. Claire reluctantly handed her keys over to Jason and settled herself as close to her door as she could for some much-needed breathing room.

Chapter Seven

She remained quiet as Jason drove her small car with ease down the now empty streets. The silence was finally broken when Jason sardonically asked, "So not only do you strip, you also have a drinking problem?"

Claire jerked upright indignantly replying, "I told you I'm not a stripper, and I certainly don't have a drinking problem. If you must know, that part is your fault!"

"I'll play along, how is your drinking my fault?"

"If I'd not been upset from you groping me in the women's restroom, I would not have resorted to alcohol to settle my nerves," Claire defended hotly.

Seeing Jason's mouth tighten into a hard line, Claire feared she may have gone too far in her defense, but what could he expect? He accused her of being a stripper and an alcoholic all in the same sentence. "When you put it out there Claire, you have to expect people will take you at face value. Apparently, you enjoy this type of work, or you'd not spend your spare time doing it. Even going so far as to beg off work under the pretense of visiting family," continued Jason.

The silence after that last comment seemed to linger as if Jason was waiting for her to defend herself. Her stomach picked that moment to start to rebel, the nausea increasing with every moment that passed. Never being one to drink much alcohol, even in social settings, Claire's stomach was in protest mode as the churning became harder to ignore. "Can we stop off at the next rest area please?'

"We will be back at Harold's soon, can't it wait?" asked an impatient Jason.

"No, it can't, please pull over at the next opportunity."

Jason replied in a surprisingly gentle voice, "Just hold on, there's a rest area coming up soon." Claire hoped that she would not cap off what was already a humiliating evening by throwing up all over her boss. He does deserve it though. She was grateful to see lights up ahead as they approached a rest area. As soon as Jason parked the car, Claire bolted from the seat and out the door.

Thankful that the area was very quiet and deserted due to the late hour, she barely made it into a stall before becoming violently ill. She lost track of time as her stomach continued to heave. Claire was startled to feel someone behind her and realized too late that in her haste, she'd failed to latch the stall. She turned around in shock to see a concerned Jason.

"Let me help you, do you feel like you're finished?" asked Jason quietly.

Nodding yes, Claire started to leave the stall when yet another wave of sickness overcame her. She jumped back to the toilet as her stomach continued to dry heave. Gentle hands held her hair and began rubbing her back. The kindness was almost her undoing; she felt like collapsing to the floor and crying. Jason patiently stood there soothing her and when at last she could leave the stall, he took a wet paper towel and wiped her face. Too drained to fight it, Claire allowed Jason to help her from the restroom and to a bench near her car.

"Let's sit outside for a few moments and make sure you're ready to travel before we start back out." Claire was surprised when he put his arm around her and urged her head to his shoulder. Maybe some fresh air would help settle her stomach.

~~~

Claire awoke and realized she'd fallen asleep with her head on Jason's shoulder. It embarrassed her to not only be sleeping at a rest area but also sleeping off a hangover on her boss's shoulder. She was grateful the darkness hid the color she could feel creeping up her cheeks. Great, not only does my breath smell like a dead cat, I probably drooled all over his shirt as well.

"Are you feeling better? It's probably not very safe to continue lingering here in the dark if you're ready to travel again."

"I, I'm fine," said Claire as she tried to smooth her rumpled and stained clothing as best she could. Only being able to imagine her appearance now, Claire hoped this whole evening was simply a bad dream that she would wake up from soon. Jason effortlessly steered back into traffic, and she hoped that her stomach would hold for the rest of the trip.

"So how long have you been in this, shall we say, line of work, Claire? Was this a childhood dream of yours or something you just lucked upon later?" So much for the softer side of Jason I witnessed at the rest area, thought Claire, this sarcastic question left no doubt as to whom she was dealing with. She tried her best to ignore the question, turning her head towards the window and letting the silence lengthen. "How does one get into stripping anyway? I've always found those life choices fascinating."

Claire replied angrily "I told you I was not a stripper! I work for a party planning company; I do not strip! Why must you continue to harp on that? I think even you'd notice the difference between someone wearing clothes and someone nude."

"Oh do excuse me, I apologize for the misunderstanding. I'm sure you can see how confusing it would be to see your assistant jump out of a cake at a bachelor's party in a gentlemen's club. Then be driving her home because she's intoxicated outside of a gentlemen's club, does any of this sound in the least unusual to you Claire?" asked a sarcastic Jason.

"You're not my mother; I don't have to explain or justify my actions to you!" replied Claire hotly.

"Actually, Claire, that's where you're wrong; you're my assistant, and as such you're a representative of Danvers International as well as of me personally. How do you think this would look to our customers if heaven forbid one of them happens to be at a party where you're performing?" continued Jason.

"That's not likely to happen," exclaimed Claire.

"You never expected to see my best friend and I there tonight either did you? That just shows how small the world truly is Claire."

"You can't fire me for having outside employment, my contract only states working for direct competition, and I think we can safely rule out that being a problem."

"If you'd bothered to read your entire contract, you'd find a section about behavior unbecoming of an associate of Danvers and I feel sure that stripping would indeed fall into that category," Jason replied dryly.

For probably the first time in her life, Claire felt she was entirely capable of violence against another. Having to sit beside Jason in the tight confines of her car while he labeled her as a stripper once again was enough to make someone as calm and mild mannered as her want to reach across the seats and slap him on his smug face. She was in no shape to fight this battle with Jason tonight and win so she settled down further in the seat and closed her eyes pretending to sleep.

Luckily, Jason seemed to be willing to let the matter drop for now. No doubt he was busy thinking up his next reference to stripping. Claire fearfully wondered what she would possibly do if Jason was correct about her contract, and she doubted very seriously if he was bluffing about that.

She was barely making ends meet now with both jobs and there was no way she would be able to find another part-time job with the flexible hours and generous pay that Partiez Plus provided. Without the extra income, she would be forced to sell her mother's home and find a live-in facility for her. The tears gathered in the corner of her eyes and she prayed that Jason wouldn't notice.

~~~

Jason was powerless to stop the flow of self-righteous comments that continued to flow from his mouth. Even though he seemed to have no shortage of disparaging remarks to make to her, he was still reeling from the evening. The shock of realizing that the beautiful, sexy, sultry woman that he was unable to take his eyes off of when she'd popped out of the cake was, in fact, his assistant had just blown him away. Never one to spare more than a passing glance at women he considered too obvious, he was completely captivated when Claire had looked at him after jumping from the cake.

He knew those green eyes; he knew the curve of her face, and his body seemed to put it all together before his mind could catch up. The most surprising aspect had been the protective instinct that had almost immediately kicked in along with the recognition. He wanted to run up and drag her behind him until he could cover her up. He wanted to punch anyone in the crowd that dared look at her, including his friends.

Who would have thought that he would be standing in a bathroom stall with his assistant holding her hair back while she retched? At that moment with her obviously in distress, all he wanted to do was take care of her, make every bad thing in her life disappear. She was so small and trusting curled against his chest while she slept at the rest area. This certainly was a night of firsts for him.

Sparing a quick glance at her, he was surprised to see a small hand reach up to her face and quickly wipe what appeared to be a tear from her cheek. Good job Jason, way to make a lady cry. Feeling something inside his chest clench, Jason vowed to find out more about this other life that his assistant was living. Who was the real Claire and why was he suddenly so desperate to have that question answered?

~~~

As they finally arrived at Harold and Liz's Home Claire asked the question that had been on her mind for the last minutes of their trip. "Are you going to say anything to your friends about tonight?"

"No," replied Jason tightly, "I think the less they know the better. You go straight up when we get in the house, and I'll make up something to pacify them and no one will be the wiser." Greatly relieved, Claire murmured a quiet thank you and followed Jason to the door. There was no sign of anyone in the foyer as she made her way up the stairs as quietly and quickly as possible.

Claire stepped inside her bedroom and went straight to the bathroom. She quickly peeled off her clothing and stepped into the steaming shower. With a moan, she closed her eyes and let the events of the evening fall away. She eased into the shower seat and laid her head back able to relax for the first time in hours, the steam from the shower causing her eyes to become heavy and hard to hold open.

Suddenly cold air rushed into the shower as the door was jerked open and Claire was again in the bathroom with her boss. "What're you doing in here?" shrieked a furious Claire.

"I was waiting in your room to make sure you were ok and when it became apparent that you weren't coming out and there was no noise coming from here other than the shower, I thought you might have fallen and hurt yourself. Do you know how irresponsible it is to sleep in the bath or, heaven forbid, the shower?"

"Well, add it to the long list of things about me that you find irresponsible! Let's see, there's my stripping, my drinking and now my sleeping in the shower; is there anything else you want to add to that tonight Jason?" She knew she was starting to get hysterical, so she jumped up, determined to get out of the shower and away from his prying eyes.

Too late, Claire felt her feet start to lose purchase on the slick shower floor and flinging her arms out, desperate to find something to break her fall; she felt pain shoot through her hip as it connected with the seat she'd just been sitting on. Strong arms were suddenly around her, and she was being lifted from the shower and cradled against a hard chest.

Despite her protests, Jason gently deposited her onto a chair in the bedroom and quickly went back to the bathroom for her robe and towel. She grabbed the robe from his outstretched hand and tried to put it on without standing and giving Jason a better view of her nak*d body. With a muttered oath, Jason pulled her into a standing position and slid the robe on her arms and belted it around her waist. When this was completed to his satisfaction, he pushed her back down into the chair and began drying her hair with the towel.

"I can take it from here Jason," said Claire as she tried to get the towel from his hands.

"Just sit still for a minute; we don't need yet another mishap to add to the evening."

Claire replied angrily, "There would not have been a mishap if you hadn't barged yet again into the bathroom with me, were you raised in a barn?"

"If you were more responsible, I wouldn't have to check the bathrooms to ensure your health. I'm sorry for startling you though."

Since she knew that the admission must have cost him, Claire decided to let the matter drop. As her boss dried her hair while she sat in front of him in nothing but a thin robe Claire had to wonder where exactly she lost control of this weekend. What would happen to her if she lost her job with Danvers over this whole mess? Jason was not one to tolerate any excuses or anything that disrupted the smooth flow he preferred at work. Even if she was none of the things that he currently believed she was, she'd little hope of ever getting him to believe it. Maybe her only option was to throw herself on his mercy; if that existed.

"There, I believe that's close to dry. How is your hip feeling? You don't feel as if anything is broken do you?"

"No, it's sore but I'll be fine, thank you. Jason," began Claire tentatively, "I want to explain about tonight and the nature of my job with Partiez Plus."

Jason ran his hand through his hair wearily and said, "Claire, we will talk about all of this tomorrow; I've reached my limit tonight, and if you insist on doing this now, I'm not certain the outcome will be what you'd hoped."

She felt greatly relieved to end the evening while still technically employed so she quickly agreed, "Ok, tomorrow then."

Claire jumped up from the chair, and in her haste tripped on the edge of the robe and landed in a startled heap again his chest. Her cheeks began to flame in embarrassment at displaying yet more of her clumsiness. Suddenly, his hands slid to her shoulders as if to help her. Looking up into those beautiful blue eyes, Claire felt her whole body come to life for the second time that evening.

As Jason started to pull her closer, Claire suddenly remembered that she hadn't brushed her teeth before getting in the shower. Not willing to risk letting him close enough to realize that, she stiffened and pulled back. Still holding on to her, Jason seemed to be fighting an internal battle before almost reluctantly setting her away from him with a curt, "Sleep well Claire, I'll see you in the morning."

She couldn't help but feel a little lonely as the door closed quietly behind him. After brushing her teeth and finding her nightgown, Claire settled gratefully between the cool sheets. The room was spinning slightly as she closed her eyes and hoped that somehow she would be able to sleep tonight.

Chapter Eight

Claire was shocked to see from the bedside clock that it was 9:00am. Pain pounded in her temples as she stumbled out of bed and to the bathroom. She cringed at the image looking back at her from the mirror. Hair sticking out at all angles, dark circles under her eyes, she looked exactly like someone with a hangover. Well, hello beautiful. Claire grabbed a towel and made quick work of showering knowing Jason would be ready to work at any moment.

Claire returned to the bedroom for fresh clothing and was again brought up short by Jason standing in her room. "What're you doing in here, do you pick locks now?"

"The connecting door was not locked, big oversight on your part." Even in her current state of undress as well as being generally pissed off that Jason had once again violated her privacy, Claire couldn't help but notice how good he looked.

Despite probably having no more sleep than her, he looked well rested and fresh. Another pair of low slung faded jeans and a polo shirt made him look good enough to eat. Wonder if I could get a coffee with those sweet buns on the side? She tried to inject disdain in her voice, asking, "Do you mind? I would like to get dressed."

"No I don't mind at all, please go right ahead." The look of amusement on his face made her want to take off her towel and choke him with it.

"I thought we'd have breakfast in my room this morning while we work. It might be less awkward for you than having to lie to Liz and Harold about your evening with your long-lost aunt." Despite the sarcasm dripping from his voice, Claire was indeed happy to avoid the prying eyes of Liz and Harold and gratefully jumped at the opportunity.

"Is Liz here in the same house as Harold with the wedding today?" asked Claire.

"Yes, she has the top floor and Harold the bottom. I believe she's gone to get her hair done or whatever women do before the wedding now."

"Oh, ok, I'll be dressed in 10 minutes, Er... thank you." Jason gave her a leisurely look from head to foot lingering on where the short towel ended. He flashed her a rare smile and headed back through the connecting door.

At this rate, I'll never be able to be in a bedroom again without expecting my boss to come barging in the door. Claire pulled out a pair of jeans and a soft green tunic and then returned to the bathroom to dry her hair and fixed it in the usual weekend ponytail. With a dab of lip gloss and a light coat of concealer to hide the dark circles under her eyes she was as ready as she was going to be. As she pushed open the door and walked into Jason's room she refused to allow herself time to worry about whether this would be her last day of employment with Danvers.

"Have a seat Claire, and help yourself to whatever you'd like from the tray." Claire was impressed to see that the tray contained coffee, juice and a variety of pastries. "I thought you might prefer a lighter breakfast after your late night." Refusing to be drawn into that conversation, Claire fixed herself a cup of coffee and liberally added cream that had been provided. She selected a croissant and lowered herself into a chair taking a grateful sip of the coffee. She looked up to find Jason studying her with what appeared to be real curiosity. She could feel her cheeks go red as she waited for some snide comment about her being a stripper.

"This croissant is wonderful, surely Liz didn't take the time to do this today?" asked Claire.

"No. The caterer for the wedding also provided a buffet for breakfast. I fixed a tray for us to enjoy while we were working."

"Thank you, it's great."

"We've a lot to finish this morning, and I have to leave for the wedding around noon." He was probably going to wait until Monday and fire her at the office; maybe have security escort the alcoholic stripper to her car to ensure she didn't swipe anything on the way out. When she finished the last of her croissant, she powered up her laptop and began work. Jason handed her a list of revisions that he had made by hand on the contract, and she soon lost herself in the tedious task.

"Claire, I've a few more changes that I didn't include." Jason's breath was suddenly on her neck as he leaned over her shoulder to point out the first change. Claire couldn't stop herself from again inhaling the erotic scent of his cologne. Mmmm, he smells soooo good. I wonder if I can get a bottle of that cologne, pour it on my sheets and roll in it every night. She tried hard to continue working without Jason becoming aware of how much his closeness was affecting her. Claire shifted as close to the desk as she could to put some much-needed space between them. The more she shifted, the closer he shifted until she was practically lying on her laptop.

Could he possibly be doing this on purpose? Claire risked a quick backwards glance to find those blue eyes twinkling down at her trying to look innocent. Despite herself, Claire couldn't contain the laughter that bubbled out of her. "If we keep going, the desk and computer are going to end up in the floor," laughed Claire.

Jason threw his head back and laughed as well. "I thought I would see how far you were willing to go to avoid me." This seemed to break the ice between them, and they worked in companionable silence for the next few hours.

Claire had to admit to herself that she was surprised by his mood today. She'd expected a repetition of the previous night's insults with possibly a termination of her employment. Instead, Jason was acting as if nothing unusual had happened. He actually seemed more relaxed and comfortable with her. They rarely joked around at the office, but here he seemed like a different person.

Claire desperately needed to know where her employment stood with Danvers but was afraid to broach the subject and ruin the good mood that he was in. She decided to let it go for now hoping that Jason decided to put the whole incident behind him. Claire finished up the last revision and looked over to see that Jason also appeared to be finishing up.

"If you're finished Claire, go ahead and pack up your computer, and we will continue in the office on Monday."

"I thought you needed to get this contract back to Mericom today?" asked Claire.

As he leaned back in his chair, Jason focused those beautiful eyes on her and said, "No, there are more issues to address than I'd originally thought. This will probably run a few months until it closes." Then why in the hell are we working this weekend? I could have saved myself a boat load of embarrassment if we had left this until Monday.

She tried to hide the anger in her voice as she asked what she'd been thinking, "Why the need to work on it this weekend if we're months out?"

As he started packing his briefcase, Jason replied, "As you know, we've a couple of important deals in the works that will require my attention. Until we can get Mericom wrapped up, I'm afraid weekend work will be required for the foreseeable future."

"Wh.... What do you mean?" stammered Claire.

"I mean that we will be working on Saturday and possibly Sunday for the next few months at least," said Jason. "Even though Mericom is of course the priority right now, I also must turn my attention to the other projects we already have in the works. To do this, I'm afraid it's going to take some team effort and sacrifices on both our parts," finished Jason.

~~~

Jason studied her reaction to the news he had just delivered. She looked completely stunned and for once at a loss for words. No doubt she was busy running through her future stripping commitments and wondering how to postpone them. Part of him almost felt guilty for causing this apparent upheaval in her life, especially since he could easily handle all the current projects on the table and probably a few more as well. Claire, however, didn't need to know that.

If not for some last minute issues that had come up with the merger, it would be wrapped up today and finding reasons to make Claire work on the weekends would have been a little more challenging. Even though he didn't like delays, he couldn't say he was sorry for how things had worked out. The merger would go forward, of that he was certain, but the delay this time was a bonus for him. He tried not to ponder what his motives were in this as he finished packing his stuff up.

He risked one more covert look at Claire and was surprised at how disappointed he was to find her hair up again. She looked young and vulnerable with her ponytail, someone who looked like they needed to be protected from the world. He had the sudden urge to lay his lips on the pulse beating in the curve of her neck.

When he had been standing behind her earlier, the floral scent of her skin had intoxicated him. What started as a playful game had fast turned a corner for him. He had to pull back and hope to walk to the other seat without her noticing the sudden tent in the front of his jeans.

He seemed to have lost all of his poise and polish this weekend and was in high school trying to control his hormones, or as they said back then, 'having a boner all weekend long.' With a grimace, Jason stood up and jolted Claire out of the fog that she'd been in since his announcement of the weekend work requirement.

~~~

Claire looked up as Jason rose from the desk and began packing his suitcase. She wondered how to broach the subject of the weekend work again without angering him and jeopardizing her job. You have until next weekend to work something out with him, just let it go for now and worry about it later. Claire stood and packed her side of the desk up and walked quickly towards the connecting door.

"Claire." Hearing her name, she turned to look at Jason inquiringly. "I told Harold that I would be downstairs soon. He and the other guys are in the room at the back of the house and with Liz gone right now you should be in the clear if you'd rather leave and avoid saying goodbyes."

Overcome with relief and gratitude, Claire said a heartfelt, "Thank you, I really appreciate it," and quietly left the room.

Even though she felt sure that Harold and Liz didn't know what had happened last night, she was still grateful to avoid seeing them when she left. She quickly gathered her clothing and toiletries and was soon packed. When she heard Jason's door close, she allowed an additional ten minutes and quietly left her room. She made her way cautiously down the stairs, relieved to see that the foyer was indeed empty. She wasted no time in loading her items in the car and heading down the drive.

Claire felt almost as if she were fleeing, the relief was so great when she made it down the driveway and was back on the road. To say she was puzzled by Jason's behavior was an understatement. Upon awaking this morning, Claire instantly imagined the talk between Jason and herself concerning the previous night. She fully expected a condescending lecture at the very least and a termination of her employment with Danvers International as the worst-case scenario. Claire was hesitant to think that Jason had decided to let the matter drop.

She didn't know what she would do if Jason pushed the issue of her quitting the job at Partiez Plus. The extra income barely covered her mother's medication each month. He also mentioned working on the weekends for the next few months. Luckily, the bachelor parties were usually later in the evening, so she didn't foresee that being a problem; however it would limit the amount of time she could spend with her mother on the weekends. Claire noticed an approaching rest area and stopped to give Louise a call.

Hearing Louise's voice on the other end of the line always brought a smile to her face. "Hey Louise, how are you doing today?" asked Claire.

"Oh honey, I'm doing just fine; these old bones are still getting me around and the ticker is beating strong," laughed Louise.

"I'll be hearing you use that same line twenty years from now Louise," said Claire with a smile.

"I don't know about that honey, but I hope to be saying it tomorrow; one day at a time at my age, you know?" She had a similar exchange with Louise on every call.

Truthfully Louise never seemed to age, she still looked the same today as she did when Claire had first met her. "I was going to come over for dinner. Can I bring anything?" inquired Claire.

"Honey I don't need anything; I've everything I need to make the homemade spaghetti you love."

"Oh Louise, you don't have to do that, but I would be more than happy to eat it! How is mom doing today?" Hearing the pause in Louise's voice, Claire knew this was not a good day for her mother.

"She's fine honey, I'm sure she'll be happy to see you. Give her time today; she's been a bit confused."

Sighing, Claire said, "That happens so often now, maybe I should talk to the doctor again about possibly changing some of her medications. The last one he added seems to be making her worse."

"I don't know if that will help honey, I think the good lord above controls most everything for us down below," replied Louise. She said her goodbyes to Louise and started back on the road wanting to stop at her apartment for a shower and a quick nap before going to her mother's for dinner.

Chapter Nine

When she finally arrived home, Claire pulled into her parking spot and turned to retrieve her suitcase from the back seat. As she was straightening up she heard a voice that made her inwardly cringe. "Claire, you're back! Old Billy has scored those Neil Diamond tickets that I told you about." No, No, NO! Please lord haven't I been through enough this weekend? Please, if you make him go away I promise I'll go to church every Sunday, be kind to old people and donate something to charity that I'm not counting on my taxes.

As Billy smiled down at her Claire wondered why the universe seemed to be against her this weekend. She'd not made it to her apartment in weeks without being accosted by Billy as she was leaving the car. Could he actually be in his apartment waiting for her every day? No, surely even he had more to do than spend hours watching for her arrival.

"Hey Billy, how's it going?" asked Claire with a tight smile.

"Did you hear what I said about the Neil Diamond tickets?"

"Er... Yes, I heard that but I'm sure there's someone you'd rather take than me Billy, maybe Melissa in 4B; she loves concerts," supplied Claire hopefully.

"Oh no babe, Billy got these tickets especially for you."

"Um... My mother is expecting me any moment at her house for dinner; we will talk about this later," replied Claire as she slowly made her way around him and towards her apartment.

Billy looked down at his watch and said in obvious confusion, "It's only after three, why would you have dinner this early?"

Claire tried to stick as close to the truth as possible, "she has a medical condition and has to eat several times per day, so we're eating earlier today."

Luckily, this seemed to occupy Billy's thought process enough for her to make her way around him and close to her apartment door. With a wave, Claire said, "I'll talk to you later," and practically ran into her front door wincing at how loud the door slammed in her haste to escape. Claire wondered how much longer she would be able to live with this daily aggravation before she either hurt his feelings or just gave up and moved.

After a weekend of looking at and drooling over the hot body of Jason, being pursued by Billy was a real reality check. It's like having to settle for sirloin after having the prime rib. You can't win 'em all girl, for every hot guy you're looking for five creepy weird guys are looking for you.

Claire walked to the bedroom and sat her suitcase on the floor. The light was blinking on her answering machine, and she pondered not even bothering to check the messages. Hadn't she had enough bad news this weekend? Curiosity got the better of her though and she pushed the button and was informed she had one new message.

"Claire, it's me, Suzy, I um... oh Claire, Jeff and I broke up!" Hearing what was plainly a sob Claire walked closer to the machine as if she could see Suzy. "He has been cheating on me; the bastard has been cheating on me with his dentist, can you freaking believe that?!" Now openly sobbing, "I... I'm ok; I just didn't have anyone to tell, shit!" When the beep signaled the end of the recording, Claire stood rooted to her spot, completely stunned.

Suzy and Jeff had been together since high school and had been engaged for the last three years. Sure, everyone joked about them taking their sweet time to get married but there was never a doubt in her mind that they'd spend their lives together. Jeff was the exact opposite of Suzy, very quiet and serious to her loud and outgoing personality.

To Claire, he seemed to dote on Suzy, and she seemed to breathe life into him. She felt so guilty that she'd not been there for Suzy and, come to think of it, she'd not told Suzy she would be out of town either. Great, my friend in need thinks I bailed on her this weekend! Score: crappy weekend - 3, Claire - 0.

Claire picked up the phone and walked into the living room and settled herself on the couch to call Suzy. A low quiet voice answered the phone, "Hello?"

"Suz, it's me, Claire. I'm so sorry, I just got your message; I was out of town. What in the world is going on?" Suzy started to cry; raw, seemingly uncontrollable sobs were coming so fast it was as if a dam had collapsed. "Suz, hold on, I'm coming over there right now," said Claire in an urgent voice.

"No," Suzy managed to get out between sobs; Beth is here."

Beth was Suzy's younger sister who lived across town and worked as a school teacher. Claire knew they were extremely close and immediately felt better knowing Beth would slay dragons to protect her sister.

"Can you talk Suz?"

Suzy took a couple of shuddering deep breaths, trying to get herself back under control and Claire held the phone in silence, giving Suzy the time she needed to compose herself. "I... I was just so shocked, Claire," began Suzy weakly. "I thought we were happy. We hadn't been fighting, the sex was still good, and he didn't have any of the usual signs. He wasn't late coming home, didn't switch brands of underwear and hell, he didn't even start gelling his hair," finished Suzy in disbelief.

She had no idea what hair gel had to do with infidelity, probably something from Suzy's bible, Cosmopolitan. "Suz, how do you know he's involved with someone else? Maybe he just needs some time alone?"

"I saw text messages on his phone and not the 'reminding him of his appointment' type, the 'I want to stick my tongue down your throat' type. The funny thing is I was not suspicious at all. I grabbed his phone thinking it was mine since they look alike; I was scrolling through the phone looking for a number that Beth had texted me earlier. At first, I was just confused as to what all the text messages were and who Melissa was. I opened the first one, still thinking that someone had the wrong number and had sent me all those messages by mistake. I read through probably fifty messages and each one seemed to unfold a life and a part of Jeff that I didn't know existed.

"I was so shocked, the messages and his replies were so out of character for the Jeff I'd known all those years. When he walked back in and saw me holding the phone, he didn't even bother to make excuses. It was almost as if he was relieved that I'd found out. I swear Claire; it was the most surreal moment of my life, and you know that's saying something."

Claire was glad to hear the smile she could detect in Suzy's voice and her attempt at humor when she finished her sentence. "Did he move out, Suz?" asked Claire.

"Yeah, the rat bastard was packed and out the door within the hour. I think he must have had the suitcase half packed already and waiting for the opportunity," Suzy wearily finished.

"Suz, I don't know what to say, I can't believe it. Maybe you guys can talk and try to work through things. He might just be confused, and it's possible he didn't have sex with the girl."

"Bullshit! Trust me, without going into a lot of disgusting details, he did have sex with the slut dentist; she drilled more than a hole in his mouth, that's for damn sure."

Even clearly upset, Suzy as usual had a way with words; she gave new meaning to 'making a sailor blush.' "Are you sure you don't want me to come over there?"

"I'm not much company Claire; I want to continue this outstanding pity party that I'm hosting for myself today. Tomorrow it's over and I'm going to forget the scum bag ever existed."

"So where were you this weekend?" Suzy suddenly asked.

Claire had hoped to get off the phone before Suzy brought that up. "I had to work." In a vain attempt to change the subject, Claire quickly asked, "Are you feeling better?"

"Wait, you had to work all weekend? You never do weekends," said a suspicious Suzy.

"It's the merger with Mericom, there were some important changes that had to be made this weekend; that's all," hedged Claire.

"You were in the office with smoking buns all weekend?"

"Well um, not exactly in the office," Claire replied evasively.

Claire stood up and started to pace her apartment knowing that Suzy was fixing to go off like a drill sergeant. "What do you mean, 'not exactly in the office', where were you exactly?

Claire felt like she'd traveled back in time, and she was being drilled by her father for coming home late. "Um well, I sort of went to Columbia because Jason had to go to a friend's house for the weekend, and he needed to work while he was there." Her shoulders tightened as she waited for the inevitable barrage that would certainly be coming.

"Hmm, I see," replied Suzy. "How long have you been bumping uglies with smoking buns you tart?"

"I most certainly am not 'bumping uglies,' whatever that's supposed to mean. I'm not bumping anything with Jason," replied an indignant Claire.

"Yeah, yeah, save it for someone who buys it. I'm going to need some details here. I mean complete disclosure; no sweaty stone left unturned. Tomorrow night we're going out to dinner after work, and you're giving me the 411 on this whole sordid story. Don't even think about saying no, I'll drag you kicking and screaming if I need to," threatened Suzy.

Claire knew it was useless trying to correct Suzy and hearing the excitement back in her friend's voice; Claire decided to let Suzy labor under the false assumption for the night. She knew that Suzy needed something else to focus on even if the fantasy was all in her head.

"I promise I won't back out; you pick the place tomorrow. I love you Suz and I'm here if you need me."

"I love you too Claire; I might even tattoo your name on my rump this weekend," joked Suzy.

"You're impossible, you know that, right?" laughed Claire. Promising once again to go to dinner tomorrow, Claire was smiling as she finished the call.

Anyone else would be depressed and miserable for months over a breakup of this magnitude but Suzy would do exactly as she said. She would be miserable for the rest of the day, and tomorrow she would forge straight ahead as she put her life back together.

~~~

The drive through Myrtle Beach was slow during the tourist season. Girls in skimpy swimsuits and even skimpier shorts walked down the Boulevard usually followed by some guys hoping for a summer fling. The water parks and putt putt courses were doing a booming business. Claire felt much older than her twenty-eight years with the weight of so much responsibility on her shoulders. She was relieved when she made it through the heavy traffic and arrived at her mother's home.

Quickly, she exited the car and made her way to the door so she could turn a blind eye today to all the repairs that were so obviously needed. Louise was waiting with the door open and a smile on her face. How would she ever survive if that smiling welcome wasn't waiting for her each time?

In a way, Louise became more of a mother to her than her own over the last few years. With her mother's increasing Alzheimer's there were so many days now that she barely recognized that Claire and Louise were always there to smooth the hurt away.

She walked to the top of the steps and put her arms around Louise giving her a tighter than usual hug. Louise looked inquiringly at Claire, "you okay honey?"

"I'm great Louise and I like the new hair color." Both burst out laughing at the same time. Louise's hair was the usually brown but there was now a decidedly pink hue to it.

"You know how it goes on the hair, sometimes you look like the girl on the box, and sometimes you look like the box exploded on your head," laughed Louise.

"Well I think it looks great," Claire said as they walked into the house.

Claire saw her mother walk into the foyer and gave her a bright smile. "Hi mom, you look so nice today."

Her mother looked at Claire in confusion and asked, "Louise do we have company?"

With a sick feeling in her stomach, Claire realized that her mother had no idea who she was. She walked slowly forward as not to startle her mother and played the role she'd been forced into more and more lately. "Hi Evelyn, it's lovely to see you again," Claire said as she extended a hand towards her mother.

Her mother hesitantly held her hand out and Claire took it in her own and gave it a light squeeze.

"Evelyn, Claire is a friend who is joining us for lunch today; I hope that's ok with you." Not waiting for a reply, Louise stepped forward and gently led her mother back to her favorite chair in the living area and then continued on to the kitchen.

Sometimes it was actually easier to be a stranger to her mother rather than have to pretend she was Chrissie. These lapses of memory could last for her entire visit or her mother could slip in and out several times; which was exhausting to keep up with.

"What can I help you with Louise?" inquired Claire.

"I don't need any help honey, just have a seat and relax while I finish the sauce up." Claire took a seat on the sofa and noticed that her mother was already engrossed in watching Family Feud. Claire discussed the contestants with her and enjoyed seeing how animated she became even if it was over a game show.

The spaghetti was mouthwatering and Claire quickly cleaned her plate and helped herself to seconds. Even being a stranger to her mother, Claire still enjoyed the afternoon and evening with them more than she had in quite some time. All too soon it was time to go home. She gave Louise another hug and also chanced giving her mother a quick one.

Still smiling after the enjoyable evening, Claire pulled into the lot of her apartment building and paused; maybe Billy was watching her space. Deciding to use the visitor's parking at the end of the complex, Claire locked up and quickly headed towards her door. There was no sign of Billy, and she opened her door and shut it with a feeling of triumph. Giving a big fist pump, Claire had to laugh at herself. Maybe her luck was changing after all.

Chapter Ten

Claire entered her office on Monday morning feeling apprehensive about what was to come. Would this be the day that Jason confronted her about her job at Partiez Plus? She would have no choice in the matter if he forced her hand; she would have to quit her job with Partiez and then look for another job to fill the income gap. She would have to work more hours to come close to matching what she made working for Pam on the weekends. Jason's door was still shut leaving Claire to wonder if he was in yet this morning.

She noticed a note from Jason on her desk as she slid into her seat. Quickly skimming the note, Claire felt a smile break out. Yes indeed, her luck did seem to be turning; Jason was going to be out of the office today. The note instructed her to check her email for a list of tasks that needed to be completed, and that he would not be in the office until tomorrow morning.

Claire worked steadily all morning and only paused to grab a drink and pack of crackers out of vending before getting back to work. Around 2 pm, Suzy came breezing through the door. Claire stopped the email she was composing and carefully studied Suzy's face. Amazing, you'd never know what happened to her this weekend; she looked exactly the same as she did every day.

A grin tugged at her lips as she read Suzy's t-shirt one more time to make sure she had it right. The shirt was bright orange and had Little Caesar's Pizza in small white writing at the bottom. In bold, black print, it had their slogan 'Hot and Ready.' She'd paired the eye catching shirt with a pair of snug black jeans, a chain belt, and a pair of stiletto heels. Only Suzy could make an outfit like that seem perfectly normal.

"Where is hot buns at?"

She laughed despite herself and said, "He's out of the office today."

"So remember we're going out to dinner tonight, right? Jeff had a little money in our joint account, so we're going to spend every last dime of it on a fancy-shmancy meal at that new restaurant, The Ivy," said Suzy with what could only be called an evil smile.

"Oh wow, I've heard of it, and I'm not dressed for anything that fancy," replied Claire regretfully.

"No worries, I've got everything covered. I brought two dresses with me today; they're hanging in my office."

"Suz, I can't wear your clothes; they'll be too short for me."

"It's a dress silly, there's no such thing as a dress that's too short, it will be fine. I have the matching shoes as well, and I know we both wear the same size, so we're all set."

Suzy looked so pleased with herself; Claire didn't have the heart to argue with her. If it kept that smile on Suzy's face, then she would wear a garbage bag tonight if she had to. Suzy arranged to meet her in the restroom down the hall at five where they'd both change and leave straight from work for their six o'clock reservations at Ivy.

Claire pushed send on her last email and prepared to pack her desk up for the day. This really was an enjoyable afternoon. With Jason gone, Claire cleared up most of her backlogs of work with only a few interruptions. Quickly noting she had five minutes to lock up and meet Suzy, Claire grabbed her purse, turned off the lights and locked the door. For security reasons, the office was always locked when Jason and Claire were gone. The supervisor of the cleaning crew had a key for nightly cleaning, but that was the only other person allowed in the office.

Suzy was already in the restroom when she arrived. "Hey girlfriend, I have our dresses all ready. Your dress is in the pink cover so go ahead and grab that one and try it on." Suzy grabbed the leopard-skin cover-up which apparently contained her dress and walked into a stall while Claire unzipped the pink cover-up to inspect her dress. She was relieved to see that it contained a dark-green silk dress which looked innocent to her eyes. Please, please don't let it be spandex. Claire went into the other stall and slipped her clothes off and the dress on.

The dress was actually beautiful with a pleated, strapless bodice and an empire waist that flowed smoothly into a form-fitting skirt. There were only two problems with the dress that Claire could see; the snug bodice show-cased her assets and pushed her br**sts into looking more like a D cup rather than her usual small C. The second problem was the length; the dress was well above her knees, well well above them. If she had to bend over for anything tonight it was going to get X-rated in a hurry.

She sucked it up and walked out of the stall without complaint remembering her vow to do whatever she had to do to make sure Suzy had a good night. Suzy was leaving the stall next door, and Claire realized that her cover-up bag hadn't been leopard skin after all; it was clear and the dress it contained was what she'd seen. Only Suzy could make something that should be totally mind-boggling into something that others would actually envy.

The dress was a similar style to the one that Claire was wearing, strapless with a high bodice. Where Claire's dress was more tailored looking, Suzy's had clear rhinestones and a sassy little ruffle at the top that showed off the curve of her ample br**sts to perfection. Her dress was about the same length as Claire's.

"Hey, that dress is rocking on you," exclaimed Suzy and then followed the comment up with a loud whistle.

Claire smiled saying, "You look great Suz; that dress is so you. This dress, however, doesn't seem like you; what gives?"

"That's Beth's dress actually; I just wanted to freak you out thinking it was one of mine. I figured your rear end would hang out of mine since they're really short on me. I had to drop Beth off at home this morning, and I borrowed that one for you."

Touched that Suzy had gone to so much trouble to make sure she didn't have any excuse to get out of dinner, Claire smiled and didn't make one single complaint. She asked Suzy to zip her dress and then stepped over to the mirror borrowing some of the makeup that Suzy had brought along.

"Hey, let me do your makeup; you need a new look with that dress." Again deciding to let Suzy have her way tonight, Claire gave herself over to a makeover. "Ok, I'm all done and you look fantastic." Claire could hardly connect the person staring back at her in the mirror as herself. Suzy had really applied more eye makeup than Claire had ever used and as a result her green eyes looked huge. Her lips were a glossy red, and the blusher accented her cheek bones. "Now take that hair down and brush it; the spinster hair with the sultry dress is a definite clash."

Claire released the clip from her hair and set about taming it into some form of order. Suzy took that over as well and when she was finished applying the last coat of hairspray, Claire had to admit that she looked good. Maybe a bit like a classy hooker but hey, take one for the team. They quickly packed and took the elevator to the lobby. As people turned to stare at them Claire practically ran from the building to Suzy's small SUV.

~~~

Thirty minutes later, Suzy was pulling in front of the valet stand, and the door was opened for her by a young man in a uniform. Claire noticed the attention she was receiving from the rest of the valets. Suzy walked around the car and the admiring looks were then turned to her and Claire was quickly forgotten. No matter where she went, Suzy was usually the center of attention and Claire was more than happy to have her in that role.

"Hey babe, take good care of my ride," said Suzy with a dramatic bat of her eyelashes. The poor guy almost fell over his feet in his haste to take the keys from her. With a wink, Suzy tossed her keys over and took off towards the entrance to the restaurant like she owned the place.

Sometimes I wish I had just half the confidence that Suzy does, thought Claire as she followed her to the reservation desk. Luckily for them the host was another male, and Suzy batted her lashes again and said, "Hey, reservations for two for Denton. Do you think you could possibly give us a table at the window? I just love the ocean at night; it's so sensual."

Claire truly felt sorry for him; he literally swallowed his tongue in his haste to please her. "Ye... Yes, I think I can find you something. We've a table that's reserved for 6:30, but I'm sure they wouldn't mind waiting until you ladies are finished, come right this way."

Indeed, they were led to a table with a breathtaking view of the Atlantic Ocean. The restaurant was dimly lit and relied on candlelight from each table as well as twinkling white lights similar to Christmas tree lights to create an intimate atmosphere. The host rushed over to pull out a chair for Suzy and Claire was left to seat herself. For such a popular place, Claire was impressed at how spacious the area was around each table.

"Wow, this is great Suz; I can't believe we got such a good table," said Claire.

"Yeah, this is cool. I know Jeff would want us to enjoy the evening with his money so let's do it right. Order the most expensive item on the menu and we're even springing for champagne," replied Suzy with obvious glee. Laughing, Claire opened her menu to look at the options.

Their waiter arrived at the table, luckily another male, and in minutes their champagne had arrived and they were enjoying a glass. "I propose a toast." Claire raised her glass and waited for Suzy to continue. "Ummm... This is for my sleaze bag ex-Jeff with the small package, may the rest of what you have between your legs shrivel even more and may the br**sts of your ho-bag dentist drop to her ankles." They clicked their glasses grandly, both dissolving in a fit of laughter.

Claire felt a tap on her shoulder and looked up expecting to see their waiter. She was shocked to see none other than Jason Danvers looking down at her with a smile on those sexy lips. "Ladies, I couldn't help but overhear your toast. I do hope things work out as you requested Suzy," said an obviously amused Jason.

"Hey Mr. D, thanks man," replied Suzy without missing a beat. Claire was surprised that Jason actually remembered Suzy's name and equally surprised to see that Suzy was not intimidated in the least by him. Claire could feel herself cringing as Suzy continued, "You want to pull up a chair and join us? We could use some male company tonight."

"I couldn't think of anything that I would rather do than dine with two beautiful women; unfortunately, I'm with Grayson Merimon tonight. Claire, you might recall that Grayson is the CEO of Mericom?" Jason's gaze had settled on her as he waited for a reply.

"Ye... Yes, I remember. I've never met him in person, but I do recall the name." Claire could feel her cheeks turning red as she felt herself stammering through her reply. Oh lord, he looks good enough to eat tonight. I wonder if he's on the menu because I would order that for sure.

"Well let's rectify that now; I'm sure Grayson would love to meet you. I hope you ladies will join us for a drink at our table?"

Already forming a polite refusal on her lips, Claire was dismayed to see Suzy pop up from her seat with a, "sounds cool Mr. D, lead the way." She shot Suzy her best 'what the hell are you doing' look but had no choice but to follow them over to the table.

As they approached, a tall, striking man stood up. Oh baby, this guy could give Jason a run for his money in the hot category, wow! "Ladies this is Grayson Merimon, Grayson this is Suzanna Denton, or Suzy as we call her, who handles the event planning for Danvers and this is my personal assistant, Claire Walters."

Grayson extended a hand to Suzy first. "Ms. Denton, a pleasure to meet you," said Grayson smoothly.

Suzy gave his hand a quick shake and replied, "What's up Gray?" Grayson's eyes widened slightly in surprise, a smile starting to play around his generous lips as he then turned towards Claire and extended his hand.

"Ms. Walters, after speaking with you on the telephone and via email, I feel like I already know you, it's a pleasure to put a face with the voice." Grayson's hand engulfed hers in a warm grip.

"Grayson I hope you don't mind; I've invited Suzy and Claire to join us for a drink."

"Of course not Jason, it would be a pleasure," replied Grayson. Jason seated Claire and Grayson pulled out a chair for Suzy.

Claire murmured a quick thank you, and Suzy looked over her shoulder at Grayson with a, "Thanks G." Again Claire could see Grayson's lips twitch.

Claire felt Jason's powerful thigh touch against hers under the table, and her body leapt to life in response. Oh great, it's been so long between men that I'm going to have an orgasm just from a little leg contact. She shifted as far away as she could and felt Jason's thigh once again brushing hers. Anymore shifting and she would be out of the chair and on the floor. Claire was certain he was doing it on purpose. Ignoring him, she focused her attention on the conversation at the table.

Jason was explaining to Suzy that in the next few months she would be working with Grayson and his staff to put together a formal party to celebrate the merger between the two companies. Suzy was asking if they'd thought of providing some type of entertainment. Suddenly, Claire became aware that the whole table was looking at her.

"Excuse me, did you say something?" asked Claire.

"Yes, I told Suzy that you might have some ideas for good party entertainment," said Jason with what could only be termed as a wicked grin.

Claire was speechless for a moment, terrified that Jason was going to elaborate on what he was clearly hinting at. "I um... I don't think I've any ideas about that. Suzy is the master planner, I'm sure she'll have lots ideas."

Luckily, this successfully diverted the attention back to Suzy. Without thinking, Claire reached over under the table and dug the heel of her shoe into Jason's foot. His thigh jerked as Claire continued to face forward with a smile on her face. At that moment, the waiter approached the table and asked if they'd like to order. Claire opened her mouth to ask Suzy if she was ready to return to their table trying to make her escape.

"Jason, why don't we invite these lovely ladies to join us for dinner?" invited Grayson.

With a smug look, Jason replied, "I think that's a wonderful idea Grayson."

"Groovy, count me in Mr. D," said Suzy. With everyone at the table again looking at her, Claire had little choice but to accept. Suzy asked the waiter to bring their champagne over to the new table, and soon they were all placing their food order.

Claire realized she'd already had two drinks and knew she'd better slow down before it went to her head. Jason made her so nervous and more than once she could feel his gaze fixed on her. His thigh was now a permanent fixture against hers. No matter how many times she tried to shift away from him, he always managed to resume the contact within minutes. Claire found herself wondering how that thigh would feel between her own.

Claire unconsciously pressed her thigh closer to Jason's as she imagined wrapping her legs around him as he entered her. She was soon completely lost in the fantasy. A clatter in the kitchen jerked Claire out of her trance, and she realized that although Suzy and Grayson continued to talk as if nothing unusual was happening, Jason's eyes were riveted on her, and she quickly discovered why. Not only were their thighs now almost inseparable, her hand was also tightly gripping his upper thigh. Oh shit, I've felt my boss up in public no less, and he knows exactly what I was thinking!

Quickly jerking her hand away and putting distance between them again, Claire was relieved when their dinner arrived and provided a much-needed distraction. Had anyone else noticed what was going on? Jason quite obviously had but luckily Grayson and Suzy seemed clueless that she'd been groping her boss under the table.

~~~

When was the last time he had an erection at the dinner table? Maybe back in high school or college but certainly never with an important business colleague and two of his employees. Things would be damn embarrassing for him now if he had to leave the table. He had been playing with Claire all evening, teasing her about party entertainment and then moving his thigh closer to hers every time she attempted to put some space between them. When she'd suddenly pressed her thigh tightly to his and her breathing quickened, he was too surprised to move for a minute.

Still thinking it was just an accident, he was even more surprised when she left it there and then shocked when he felt a hand settle on his thigh almost brushing against the length of him. His little assistant was quite obviously turned on, and he hoped that he was what had her so hot and bothered. He tried to keep up with the conversation from the others at the table so that attention would not be focused on what seemed to be going on between them. Was she trying to let him know that she wanted him?

He couldn't have been more shocked if she'd upended her glass on the top of his head. Darting a glance at her, he saw that she appeared to be deep in thought. Did she even know what she was doing to him? When Claire suddenly jerked against him and looked up with wide eyes, Jason felt the urge to grab her hand and drag her out of the restaurant and to his car. She acted like she'd no idea what had just happened between them.

She quickly removed her hand and pulled away from him as far as she could. If she was dream-walking over there he hoped it continued somewhere a little more private. He was more than willing to let her have her way with him but would like it to be somewhere that wouldn't get them both arrested. He was so turned on he could hardly stay in his seat.

She looked so beautiful tonight. Somehow, he didn't think the clothes she was wearing were actually hers because they were far more revealing than she would normally wear. Her pale creamy br**sts swelled out of the top of the dress and miles and miles of legs were on display for the world to see. Well, hell, she did jump out of a cake with next to nothing on, and even though he hated that, he could almost believe that it was just a job to her and not her normal nature.

What made that job necessary to her was a mystery he intended to solve. He hoped the erection pushing at the zipper of his slacks would subside before it was time to leave. Jason settled back in his chair praying that more than his dinner would cool off soon.

~~~

Claire picked at the shrimp and tilapia she'd ordered. Conversation flowed smoothly around the table. More than once she'd caught a questioning glance directed her way from Suzy and had managed a smile of reassurance in return. Grayson was a very entertaining dinner companion and generally kept everyone laughing with stories from various events he had attended.

Suzy continued to be herself and made some comments that Claire was sure that Jason would not appreciate in front of a business associate. She, however, was surprised when instead of being offended Jason openly laughed along with Suzy and appeared in no way offended or put off by her outspoken nature.

Jason's thigh returned to press against hers, and she'd given up trying to keep distance between them. She knew she'd once again had too much to drink thanks to the man beside of her. When the waiter returned to clear their plates and offer drinks and desert, Claire gratefully ordered a coffee. Soon, everyone was finished and the coffee had helped lessen some of the effects of the Champagne.

"Ladies I think I speak for Jason when I say dinner with you was a great pleasure; this is the most enjoyable meal I've had in quite some time," said Grayson with a smile.

"I completely agree; this has been the most er... stimulating meal I've had as well in quite some time," replied Jason with a rueful smile. Claire wanted to kick him under the table; she was sure his comment was directed towards her, especially the 'stimulating' part.

When Jason took the check from the waiter, Suzy protested, determined to spend Jeff's money but Jason won in the end and settled the check with the waiter. "Ladies, can I drop you off somewhere?" asked Jason.

"No thanks Mr. D, my wheels are here, and I'm dropping Claire back at the office to pick up her car, so were cool," replied Suzy.

"I'm actually running by the office myself to pick up some papers I left there, why don't I drop off Claire and save you the trouble Suzy?" offered Jason.

Claire shook her head, a polite 'no thank you' on her lips when to her shock and dismay, Suzy replied, "Hey groovy Mr. D, that would totally save me a trip back into town." What in the hell has gotten into her? I'm going to strangle her when I get her alone. Not only have I felt my boss up this evening, now thanks to my best friend I have to ride with him too!

As she tried to catch Suzy's eye, Claire found herself instead staring at the back of her friend's head as she sailed out of the restaurant ahead of them like a queen. She followed as fast as she could, desperate to get Suzy's attention before Jason and Grayson arrived at the exit of the restaurant.

Just as she reached Suzy and took her arm, she felt her other arm clasped from behind and a voice in her ear, "They're bringing up my car now," murmured Jason. Shit, she was well and truly trapped. Claire released Suzy's arm and settled for giving her a scathing look instead.

Suzy ignored her and turned instead to Grayson, "Talk at ya later Gray," as she reached up with her knuckle to pop Grayson on the shoulder.

Grayson looked a little surprised and vastly amused as he studied Suzy and replied, "Yes, it's been interesting Suzanna, very interesting." Suzy appeared taken aback at the use of her full name but in typical Suzy fashion she shrugged and laughed it off. Grayson turned to Claire and extended his hand to her, "Claire it's been a pleasure; I'm sure I'll be talking to you soon."

All too soon, Jason's sleek black Mercedes arrived at the valet station, and he was holding the door open for her. Accepting defeat, Claire slid into the soft, leather seat, and Jason shut the door and walked around to the driver's side. "Claire, why don't I drop you off at your home instead of at your car? It's late so rather than navigating a dark parking lot it would probably be more feasible for both of us to call it a night."

"Bu... But, I don't have a way to work tomorrow; I have to get my car tonight," stammered Claire.

Too late, she realized she'd just stepped neatly into a trap. "I'll of course be glad to pick you up in the morning as well," replied Jason smoothly.

"That's too much trouble; you can just drop me off at my car."

"I would prefer to see you to your door and know you have arrived home safely." Rather than persist in arguing, Claire quietly gave him directions to her apartment.

"So what was the reason for the celebration tonight? I gather it was something to do with a man from the toast I overheard?"

"Mmm, yes, Suzy's boyfriend, or ex-boyfriend, Jeff."

"Bad break-up huh?"

"You could say that. I won't go into the whole thing, but it was sudden and unexpected on her part."

"That's a real shame; Suzy is great; I can't imagine a man doing any better," said Jason earnestly. He just continued to surprise her and apparently her expression showed it.

"What're you thinking?"

"I'm surprised that in a company the size of Danvers you seem to know everyone."

"They're my people Claire and as such each of them is important to me. Everyone there contributes to the success we have, and they're as worthy of my respect and concern as are you," added Jason quietly.

Had she ever really known Jason? She'd always felt that he was oblivious to everything around him other than the bottom line. The truth seemed to be quite the opposite; Jason had his hands on everything in his company and obviously spent a lot of his time getting to know each person in it. Claire was surprised to see them approaching her apartment. She was almost sorry to see the ride end so quickly. She directed Jason to her vacant parking spot, and Claire let out a loud groan before thinking.

"What's the matter?" asked Jason.

"Oh it's just my neighbor, Billy. I can never seem to get into my apartment anymore without him stopping me," said Claire.

"Is he bothering you?" demanded Jason.

"It's nothing major; he just wants to be more than my neighbor and I'm not remotely interested."

"Let's see if we can let him really know you're not interested." Jason shoved his door open and walked around to her side to open her door. Speechless, Claire stayed in her seat looking up at him. "Come on sweetheart, let's get inside." Jason grabbed her hand and whispered in her ear, "he's looking at us, play along."

Too surprised to resist, Claire allowed herself to be pulled out of the car. Jason shut the door behind her and put his arm around her shoulder.

As they walked onto the sidewalk, Billy approached them. "Oh Claire, I thought someone had parked in your space and I was coming to take care of business for you." Hitching his jeans a little higher as he delivered that line, Billy then turned to look at Jason inquiringly.

Jason offered a hand and said, "Jason Danvers, appreciate you looking out for my girlfriend, Bill."

"That's Billy or William, not Bill. I've never seen you here before; how long have you known Claire?"

"Oh we've been close for several years, isn't that right baby?"

"Er, um, yes several years. We usually stay at Jason's house that's why you never see him here."

Billy's eyes darted back and forth between them as if sensing something amiss but unable to grasp exactly what it was.

"Well Bill, it was nice meeting you, see you around; I'm sure."

As Jason led her away she heard Billy say, "It's Billy!" Jason took the keys from her hand and opened her apartment door following her into the entryway. Claire collapsed against the wall, laughter shaking her body.

"That was so funny! You really had him torn up calling him Bill; he's very serious about his name," Claire managed to choke out between peals of laughter.

Jason didn't seem to see the humor in the situation that she did. "Claire, I don't know if you should take him so lightly, he seemed very territorial towards you. Are you sure that you have never had any type of relationship with him?"

"Ugh, are you kidding me? Give me credit for having some standards. I've never had any type of anything with him nor have I ever given him any hope that I would. I think he's just a lonely person who likes to imagine things are something they aren't. He probably does the same thing to all the female residents here."

With a skeptical look, Jason asked, "Have you ever seen him doing that?" After some thought, Claire reluctantly admitted that she hadn't. "Please be careful and for heaven's sake, don't do anything to encourage him, you never know about people Claire."

Touched that he was concerned, Claire said, "I promise. I'll be careful, thank you for being so concerned."

Danger, Danger, look away, run, now! Even with her head telling her to run, Claire couldn't turn from Jason. Time seemed to stand still as they looked at each other.

With a muttered oath, Jason closed the distance between them and pulled her into his arms. "You have had me half out of my mind tonight; I've got to taste you." With that comment, Jason's lips took possession of hers. Heat slammed into her as he pulled her even closer.

Claire moaned as she opened her mouth to his seeking tongue. Shivers of desire and pleasure coursed through her as Jason's tongue thrust into her mouth just as his thigh pushed its way between hers. Like a starving person, Claire feasted on the sweet, hot stroke of his tongue. Jason's hand slid down her back to the curve of her bottom, and she lost what little sense of preservation she had left by rubbing herself urgently on the erection she could feel burning against her stomach.

"Oh god, I want to be inside you Claire; you're killing me!" With her bottom cupped in his hands Jason lifted her off of her feet and said roughly, "wrap your legs around me." Claire wrapped her legs tightly around him, causing her dress to bunch up around her waist. Jason's erection now pushed hotly against the thin silk of her black lace panties. His tongue blazed a trail of fire down her neck, moving closer to the swell of her aching br**sts. Jason lowered the top of her dress exposing the tight, pebbled n**ples.

Claire slid her hands in his soft, silky hair and moaned loudly as Jason took a nipple into his mouth and started to suck it. Never had she been so grateful to be without a bra. Claire urgently tightened her legs around him, rubbing herself harder against his erection as she felt herself close to orgasm.

"Oh God," she panted, "oh please!"

"What do you want baby? Tell me what need."

"You," Claire croaked out, "I want you!" Almost sobbing with the force of her desire, Claire was helpless to stop the raging storm within her. Dimly, she heard a ringing sound. Suddenly, Suzy's voice filled the apartment from the answering machine.

Claire jerked back like a bucket of cold water had been dumped on her. In disbelief, Claire realized she had her legs wrapped around her boss, and her boss had her breast in his mouth. Despite the aching need between her legs, Claire started pushing at Jason and telling him to stop. Jason lifted his head and stared at her with flushed cheekbones and wild eyes.

"What's wrong?" he gasped out.

"We... We can't do this; you're my boss," replied Claire weakly."

"I was your boss two minutes ago too and it didn't seem to matter then, what's changed exactly?" asked Jason with frustration apparent in his strained voice.

"I...I lost control; I wasn't thinking. Could you please let me down?"

Jason reluctantly lowered his hand from her bottom, and she steadied her legs and stepped back. She quickly pulled her dress down trying to cover her br**sts again. Claire couldn't meet the gaze that she felt burning into her. Finally, Jason stepped back further, took a few deep breaths and ran his hand raggedly through his hair. He turned to look at her again, and Claire saw the desire and confusion on his handsome face.

"Claire, I'm confused; I'm all for a woman's right to say no, and that isn't even the main issue here. You have worked for me for what, three years now? In that time, there's never been even a close call between us romantically and then suddenly in the last week I can barely walk by you without a raging hard on. I know that seeing you in that club over the weekend in damn near nothing probably has something to do with it but I don't think that's the cause of what happened tonight. Who are you really Claire besides the person tying me up in knots? Don't even answer that," ground out Jason as he walked towards the door, "I don't think I can process anything else tonight." Without looking back, he opened her door and said, "I'll pick you up at eight in the morning, please be ready," and shut the door quietly behind him.

Claire pressed her hand against her mouth as she sagged to the floor. Would sleeping with Jason have been any worse than the ache she was left with now? If Suzy hadn't called, they'd be in her bed or on her floor right now making love; instead, she was left with nothing but frustration and regret.

Was it regret that she let it go that far or regret that she stopped it? Claire didn't dare answer that question. She'd always thought Jason was drop-dead handsome and entertained many fantasies through the years concerning him, but that was as far as it went. Now not only were some of those fantasies coming true, she was also forced to admit that she was feeling something for him other than desire which she knew was a huge mistake.

People like Jason didn't fall in love with people like her. She worked two jobs to take care of her mother, Louise and herself. She couldn't afford to have an affair with her boss and lose one of those jobs. Not only would that spell disaster for her, it would also basically put her mother and Louise out of their home. She was too old for a crush; it was time to get back to the reality of being Jason's assistant, not his girlfriend or bedmate. She forced herself from the floor and made her way to the shower. Claire vowed that tomorrow everything would be back to a professional level; she couldn't afford for it to be otherwise.

Chapter Eleven

The next morning Claire was waiting outside her apartment at five minutes before eight and, as promised, Jason's Mercedes pulled into the parking lot at eight. Quickly opening the door before he could leave the car, Claire settled herself in the seat and offered a quick good morning. Jason had the morning news on the radio, and it filled the silence in the car and offered a much-needed diversion. He seemed content to avoid all conversations, and soon they were arriving at Danvers and heading up in the elevator. Jason stepped off to get a coffee and Claire continued on to their office floor.

By the time Jason arrived a short time later Claire was hard at work replying to her emails from the previous day. The morning continued on as if nothing had ever happened. Around noon, Jason came out of his office and said, "Claire, we will need to work on Saturday and possibly Sunday this week and better plan on it for next weekend as well."

The blood drained from her face as she asked, "Why would that be necessary? Everything is up to date on the merger."

"I'm going out of town for a few days to visit the headquarters for Mericom and won't return until Friday. By the time I return I'll have further revisions to make to the contract that will need to be completed by Monday. The next week will follow a similar course and there's a possibility you will need to accompany me to Grayson's, but we will finalize that next week.

"But I already have plans for those weekends," cried Claire.

His steely gaze burning into hers, Jason said, "Yes, I'm sure that you do have other engagements planned, however, I feel that this job and this merger are your clear priorities and if not, then we've a serious problem."

The threat in his voice was clear and Claire knew that if she continued, she could well find herself unemployed. "Ye... Yes, they are and I'll be here on Saturday. Are we starting early?" Claire asked hopefully.

"No, I'll be late getting in on Friday so let's give ourselves some extra rest on Saturday and come in around lunch. We can have dinner brought in later so no need to worry about that." With her heart sinking Claire managed a nod and Jason was gone. Oh great, he wasn't going to let up on the weekend work, ugh.

She already had bachelor parties planned with Pam for the next few weeks, and they were all several hours away. She was going to have to call Pam and cancel and hope that she could find a replacement for her. She decided to put that off for later and gathered up her purse to go to the cafeteria for lunch. As luck would have it, Suzy was just coming down the hall towards her office when she stepped out. Claire walked over to the elevator where her friend was waiting.

"Hey hey girlfriend, I'm starving, let's go grab some eats," said Suzy.

"Are we going to the cafeteria?" asked Claire.

"Nah, why don't we walk around the corner to the sandwich shop? I could use a change of scenery," replied Suzy.

"Ok, that actually sounds good, maybe we could get a table outside." Suzy kept the conversation flowing until they'd reached the sandwich shop and settled into a shaded table outdoors.

"So, what were all the fireworks with boss man last night?" asked Suzy.

Nearly choking on her iced tea, Claire said, "What're you talking about?"

"Oh come on babe, do I look like I suddenly got stupid overnight?" laughed Suzy.

She knew it was pointless to continue to act ignorant. Claire sighed, "I don't know Suz; I really don't."

Suzy finally asked, "Has something been going on between you two that I don't know about?" Claire decided that if she could tell anyone the whole story without being judged it was Suzy.

She poured out the story of her second job and the reasons behind it. Finally coming to the part of her encounter at Jason's friend's bachelor party during the weekend and what had happened in the restroom afterwards, Claire kept going until she'd told Suzy everything, including what occurred the previous night. Suzy sat in silence looking at her with her mouth opening and closing like a fish.

"Holy shit, who are you and where is my friend Claire?" exclaimed Suzy. "I feel like I've entered the twilight zone where you turn into me, and I turn into you. Why in the world didn't you tell me what you were doing on the side? You should know that I of all people wouldn't give you grief about it."

Claire reached over and took her hand seeing the hurt on her face. "I know you wouldn't Suz; I was just embarrassed to tell anyone, including you, about my financial problems and the second job. You know I would never be doing a job like that if I didn't desperately need the money."

"Claire, we could have figured out something; I don't want you to think I would ever look down on you or judge you, hell, I would probably do that job just for kicks."

As she leaned over to hug Suzy, Claire said tearfully, "No more secrets then, I'm sorry Suz, and I know you'd never look down on me, you're not made that way."

"Ok, enough of the slobbering all over each other, tell me when you're going to do the boss man because I'm dying to know how he is in the sack."

With a laugh, Claire playfully swatted at her. "I'm not doing anything with him; it was all a mistake, and he appears to regret it as much as I do," said Claire.

"Yeah right, if that was regret I saw jumping between you two last night I'll give up leather skirts and start wearing plaid."

"The lines between us got blurred with everything that happened this weekend and then with the accidental groping of him under the table last night. I think it's all going to settle back down into our normal routine now and be fine though," assured Claire.

Suzy looked at her shrewdly asking the one question Claire didn't have an answer for, "Do you want things to settle back to normal though?"

The subject of Jason was avoided for the rest of their lunch and all too soon they were walking back to the office. Suzy asked, "Hey you want to go out one night this week for dinner?"

"Let me see how things are with mom and I'll let you know. I need to go by there tonight and take some groceries."

"Claire, you know that if you or your mother needs anything you can ask me right? I've money saved, and I would be glad to help you if you need it," said Suzy.

Claire felt like her friendship with Suzy had turned a corner since their conversation at lunch. She hugged Suzy again and thanked her. Suzy said with her usual dramatic flair, "We're going to have to cut this hugging shit out today, before you know it we're going to be braiding each other's hair and wearing matching pinky rings," Laughter shaking her body, Claire felt pounds lighter than she had that morning with the support she'd received from Suzy.

Suddenly remembering dinner the previous night, Claire asked, "hey Suz, what did you think of Grayson last night? I thought I noticed some sparks flying over there as well," joked Claire.

"Ugh, paleeze, in his dreams! He's a stud, I'll give him that, but his blood probably actually runs blue. I've more important things to do with my time than literally have the life sucked out of me by Mr. Uptight. I mean he probably doesn't even own a tour t-shirt, who doesn't have a Bon-Jovi Tour Shirt, you know?"

"Wow Suz that's a lot of detailed protesting, sounds like Mr. Uptight hit a nerve last night. I'm sure with the advent of eBay you could buy him a Bon-Jovi Tour Shirt," laughed Claire. With a very rude hand gesture, Suzy stalked off towards her office and Claire laughed all the way into hers.

~~~

The rest of the week continued peacefully at work. Jason called in several times a day but with him out of the office it was easier to believe that they could return to a normal working relationship. On Wednesday evening she'd splurged and took her mother and Louise for dinner. Her mother didn't like going out much anymore; she preferred having her meal while watching her favorite TV shows. Luckily, she was having a good day, and Claire enjoyed the time with her.

The one unpleasant aspect of the week had been calling Pam to cancel for the weekend and also informing her that she would not be able to work the next weekend as well. To say Pam was upset was an understatement; livid was a more accurate word. Pam had informed her that she would be hiring someone, and rather than her normal assurance that Claire could work all the weekend parties, it would now be a matter of who Pam felt more comfortable scheduling.

Claire had a feeling that her employment with Partiez Plus would be ending soon. The overtime pay for the weekend work from Danvers should be sufficient to fill the gap until she could find another weekend job. It was possible she might have to work several part-time jobs to compensate for the loss of income but as usual, she would do what needed to be done.

Claire had promised to have a drink with Suzy after work on Friday night, and she was looking forward to hanging out with her. Just as she was finishing up for the day, Suzy glided into her office. "Hey chick, you ready to split?"

"Yes, just finishing up here," grimacing down at her tan slacks and equally plain white blouse, Claire said, "I wish I had on something a little less..."

"Drab, dull, old lady?" injected Suzy helpfully.

With a swat to her friend's arm, Claire finished, "I was going to say formal but thank you for those kind words." Suzy of course could never be called any of those things. Today, while wearing a black leather mini-skirt with fishnet stockings, mile-high heels, and a hot pink t-shirt with a skull on it, she was as far removed from boring as you could possibly get.

Claire locked up and soon they were on their way to a bar a few blocks away that Suzy liked to hang out at. Claire had never been to this particular place, and she dearly hoped it wasn't some type of biker bar. Suzy was blessed to fit in wherever she went; unfortunately, the same wasn't true for Claire.

With a quick prayer of thanks, Claire was relieved to see the bar was actually upscale with what looked to be mainly professionals having a drink after work. They grabbed a couple of seats at the bar as Suzy yelled, "Hey, our phone numbers for anyone who buys us a drink."

"Suz, are you crazy?" asked a horrified Claire.

By the time she finished her sentence, there were six drinks sitting in front of them. "I haven't bought a drink in years, why would I start tonight? Don't sweat it; we will give them fake numbers, unless they're really hot."

Claire picked up a drink that looked the most harmless. It was very sweet and tasted of pineapple and strawberry. "You better watch yourself; that baby will knock you on your ass," advised Suzy.

"It doesn't taste like alcohol; I think it's safer than those shots." Halfway through the first drink, two men approached them and took credit for a couple of the drinks. Claire was surprised to find that she could relax and enjoy flirting and conversation.

The men, Chris and Joe, were surprisingly easy to talk to and having them sit beside the girls discouraged other men from approaching Suzy for the phone number payout she'd promised. Claire realized after the first drink that Suzy was right; it might look harmless but her head was already spinning. Chris and Joe teased her about switching to Iced Tea afterwards, but she told them she had to drive home and couldn't afford to be face down somewhere along the way.

Around ten, Claire told Suzy she was tired and was ready to leave. Much to her surprise, Suzy insisted on leaving as well. When they stepped outside, Claire said, "Suz, you didn't have to leave, you were having fun; go back in for awhile."

"Nah, I'm dragging and I was getting ready to bail anyway."

"Are you sure? You looked like you were really enjoying Chris."

"That was just a 'drink you', nothing else," replied Suzy.

"A 'drink you'?" asked Claire.

"Yeah, instead of thank you, when someone buys you a drink and you chat them up afterwards it's a drink you."

"Um, ok that must be Suzy language, I've never heard of it," laughed Claire. "Sorry I needed to leave early; I just wanted to have a good night's sleep before working this weekend."

"Oh, that's right; you and hot buns are working. Why, I wonder, are you suddenly working weekends when you never have before?"

"It's because of the merger with Mericom," replied Claire.

"You mean stuffed shirt Gray is so uptight that you guys have to work seven days a week to keep up with his demands?" sneered Suzy.

"Suz, I don't think it's that; it's just the extra time being spent on that project is causing Jason's other work to fall behind. I'm sure Grayson isn't as bad as you make him out to be," said Claire.

"Yeah right, the man needs to learn how to loosen up. I bet he doesn't even own a pair of boxers; briefs all the way no doubt," said Suzy.

"Um sweetie, how did we get on the subject of Grayson's underwear choices? It seems to be that you have a very suspect amount of interest in Grayson," teased Claire.

Suzy stalked ahead of her and grumbled over her shoulder, "I was just making an observation, no need to get your panties in a wad girlfriend." Claire ran to catch up with her giving Suzy a brief hug as they walked on.

~~~

Claire scanned the area and saw no sign of Billy. She was almost to her front door when she heard a voice behind her and looked around to find that Billy had indeed seen her arrive. "Hey Claire, where is your boyfriend tonight?" asked Billy in a sullen tone.

"Er... He's out of town tonight, he should be back soon though," said Claire.

"How come you never mentioned you were dating anyone?" accused Billy.

Claire was starting to get angry as well at the nasty tone in his voice. "Billy, I really think my private life is my business, don't you?" demanded Claire. Billy's face reddened as Claire stuck her key in her lock and quickly opened her door.

Before she could close it, Billy said, "I thought you were different, I guess I was wrong." Not bothering to reply, Claire slammed her door shut and vowed that she would start looking for another place to live. It was obvious that Billy was going to continue to be a problem.

She didn't think the idea of her having a boyfriend would help especially since said boyfriend wasn't likely to be at her place again. Great, like my life isn't hectic enough, now I've a nut job neighbor stalking me, greeaat. The confrontation with Billy took some of the enjoyment out of the evening. After a quick shower, Claire climbed into bed and tried to forget the angry expression on Billy's face; maybe Jason was right about him after all.

Chapter Twelve

Saturday morning she was up and out early. She picked up a few things at the market that Louise had requested then dropped them by along with her mother's medicine. Claire went inside and spent an enjoyable hour eating breakfast and chatting. Her mother was having another good day and seeing how well she was doing this week made Claire that much more determined to keep her mother in her home no matter what it took.

All too soon it was time to go to the office. It felt strange to see the usually full parking garage bare but for a few other cars. The office door was ajar when she arrived on their floor, and Jason was already seated at his desk with his door open. Claire stored her handbag and walked through his door to see what he needed her to work on. Jason leaned back in his leather chair and studied her as she approached his desk.

"Thanks for coming in today, I hope it didn't interfere with your weekend plans," said Jason. The amused smirk on his face told her exactly what plans he was referring to.

"No, not at all. What shall I get started on?" asked Claire.

Completely ignoring her question Jason continued on, "No big party this weekend huh?"

"Did we come here to work or discuss my private life?" asked Claire.

"Well if your private life is open for discussion, I would be happy to put work aside because, quite frankly, I'm dying to hear more about your other life as a stripper." Claire could only look at him in surprise.

After Jason hadn't broached the subject of her second job during the week, she assumed he had decided to let it go. The look on his face assured her that he had far from forgotten it and intended to have that discussion now. "I don't think my private life is any of your business so no; it isn't open for discussion," snapped Claire.

"Oh that's where you're wrong Claire; it is indeed my business when it reflects on Danvers. Now have a seat and let's have this long-overdue discussion shall we?"

~~~

What the hell am I doing? I had no intention of having this conversation today. She'd reduced him to an aching, obsessing mess in the last week. That night in her apartment, with her wrapped around him, still haunted him so much he could barely concentrate on what was the biggest deal this company had ever been involved in. This was about the worst time possible to go crazy over a woman. That never happened; he enjoyed women but always on his own terms. Never had someone so completely confused and intrigued him.

The one piece to the puzzle that he couldn't figure out was the side job. Sure, people worked two jobs all the time, hell he felt like he worked three most of the time so that wasn't the confusing part, it was the second job that she'd obviously chosen that floored him. Claire was about as far from a stripper as he could imagine. Ok, so she didn't actually take all her clothes off, but she was damn near nak*d when she popped out of that cake. She was beautiful, and no doubt men loved looking at her; he hated to admit that. He had never noticed exactly how beautiful she was until the weekend with Liz and Harold.

She presented a whole different person daily in the office, and even though he was sure he had to have noticed she was attractive, he had never been tempted to cross the line with her. Now he was practically running and clawing his way across that line. She'd become an ache that he couldn't get past. He needed to have her, be inside her, but more than that, he needed to know what was going on with her because none of it made any sense to him.

He rarely thought or cared what was going on in any woman's life he was seeing. His life was this company, and that left very little to give to anyone else. With Claire though, it was fast becoming her first and the company second. It had to just be the mystery there. Once he had his questions answered then life could return to normal.

Claire seated herself stiffly in the chair in front of Jason, and the silence stretched as he seemed to be lost in thought. "Jason?"

His name seemed to jerk him back to the present, and he said, "Um... yes, where were we?"

Confused Claire said, "you wanted to tell me why my private life was your business I believe."

"Oh yes, let's see....Why don't we just start at the beginning? How long have you been working your er... second job?"

Stiffly, Claire replied, "About a year."

Jason looked at her in surprise. "You have been stripping for a year, and I never knew it?"

"It's not stripping and you know that," defended Claire hotly.

"Ok, ok, I mean cake jumping or whatever you call it. Claire, truthfully I'm a little baffled here. No offense to her but Suzy, I could easily see doing that; you not so much. Suzy is a very secure person who wants and enjoys the attention of men, and it shows. That's her personality, it's who she is and that's great. You, however, obviously don't want or seek that type of attention. If you did, your main wardrobe color wouldn't be tan or brown, and I'm quite sure I would have seen a hint of cl**vage before. Well other than the last week. I know you didn't just decide you needed some excitement so what gives Claire?"

~~~

As she studied Jason, Claire's first reaction was to tell him to go to hell and that it was none of his business. If anything that he had said had held one hint of sarcasm, she would have done just that. He seemed genuinely concerned and confused. With a deep breath, Claire started all the way back with the death of her father and sister and continued on to her mother's health problems and the financial strain of maintaining her house, buying her medication and the reason why she couldn't live with her.

Once the words started pouring out of her, Claire didn't even realize that she had tears running down her face until she felt one drop on her hand. Jason leaned quietly over the desk and handed her some tissue. Claire turned to the side to dry her face before looking at Jason. Terrified that he would be looking at her with disgust or pity, she was surprised to see admiration in his eyes. "Claire, I'd no idea," began Jason quietly, "why didn't you tell me what was going on?"

"Why would I?" said Claire. "You're my employer; it's not your job to handle the personal problems of your employees."

"Claire, I would think you'd know me well enough by now to see that I'm not a bottom line employer. I do care about every single person who works here. This company wouldn't be where it is without you and everyone; I would never turn my back on anyone in trouble."

Her eyes started to well up again as tears threatened. Claire said quietly, "I do know that Jason, but I've never had anyone to depend on and truthfully this is more than a little embarrassing for me. I've managed to get by, and if I need to work five jobs to make ends meet then I will; I have to," she finished.

Jason settled back in his chair and said, "Claire, let me help you. Danvers does extensive work in this community, and I would be happy to know some of that work would benefit someone whom I... er... Danvers values so highly. If you furnish me with the cost of all of your mother's medication, I'll see that you have a check by Monday. Furthermore, we have a construction crew on our payroll as well. They'll be sent to your mother's home on Monday to make all the repairs that are needed."

Claire jumped to her feet, anger sweeping through her, and yelled, "I'm not your charity case Jason! I can take care of myself!"

"Claire, this isn't charity, it's assistance; I would offer it to any of my employees."

"So let me get this straight, if Mona, the janitor, needed financial assistance you'd offer to take care of all of her expenses? Oh wait, does it have to be someone you want to sleep with or is anyone eligible?"

Color darkened Jason's cheeks, and Claire could see the anger burning in his eyes. "I think you have made your opinion of me perfectly clear. Now unless you have any other derogatory remarks to make about my character, I would like to get to work," said Jason icily. He handed her a folder across the desk. "Please make the changes I've indicated." Claire remained in front of his desk, and Jason lifted his brow and said, "That will be all, please close my door on the way out."

Claire shut the door behind her and sat down at her desk. Putting her face in her hands, Claire wondered why she didn't feel better about defending herself. Jason had seriously looked wounded at her refusal to accept his offer. Maybe he expected the poor working people here to drop to their knees in gratitude if the mighty Jason Danvers offered them something. Well, she wouldn't be some charity case to appease his rich conscience.

~~~

The day passed by quietly with Jason's door remaining firmly closed. Dinner was delivered around six from a local deli, and Claire went into his office to take his sandwich. Without looking up at her, he pointed to the corner of his desk and said curtly, "Just leave it there." Claire quietly shut the door behind her and tried to choke down her sandwich past the lump in her throat.

He had emailed her some additional work that he needed completed and at eight he opened his door and asked her if she was ready to go. Claire grabbed her purse and walked towards the door. "I'll see you to your car; unless that much of my company would offend you in any way?" She remained quiet and soon they were approaching her car. As she unlocked her car door, Claire asked Jason what time they'd be working on Sunday.

"I've had something come up that I need to attend to on Sunday, so we will continue work on Monday. I'm sure you could use the time from... the office." She knew he had really meant she could use the time away from him. Even though Jason had left her on her own all day, the office had vibrated with tension.

It was quite apparent that Jason was furious with her. Did he think she would fall on her knees before him and weep with gratitude? Maybe she could have phrased her refusal more politely. He blind-sided her with his offer, and she'd reacted on pure instinct. She couldn't help but think that his offer was more of an advance payment for sex rather than a real need to help her.

Claire spotted Billy as soon as she opened her door. She was so not in the mood for him tonight. She'd put Jason in his place today; maybe it was time to do the same with Billy. With a slam of her door, Claire whirled around to face him. "Claire... I... I'm sorry for bothering you, and you don't have to worry about it anymore," said Billy.

Claire couldn't have been more stunned if he had opened his mouth and started barking. He continued, "I know you don't really want to go to the Neil Diamond Show with Billy, and that's cool. I hope things go good with your boyfriend and if anyone here gives you any problem, you just let old Billy know, okay?" Too stunned to do more than nod, Claire watched Billy walk away.

Could this day get any stranger? First, her boss offers to essentially be her fairy godmother and now her stalker neighbor volunteers to stop stalking her and protect her from other stalkers as well; weird. At least her day could end on some kind of positive note. Going inside Claire hoped she could get a good night's sleep and try not to remember the look on Jason's face.

Chapter Thirteen

A good night's sleep seemed to be too much to hope for. Claire had tossed and turned all night, and even though she knew she'd been right to turn down Jason's offer, it still went against her nature to talk to someone the way she had to Jason. Other than being mad that he hadn't forced her into bed with him, he had probably washed the whole incident from his mind already. She, however, would never be free of the memory.

Claire grabbed a quick shower and got ready to go to her mother's house. She usually went through her mother's bills a few times a month; a chore that she dreaded. Not that she minded helping and if there was sufficient money to pay everything it would be a breeze. Instead, she was forced to spend several hours deciding which bills had priority and which could be put off until the next month.

Louise gave her a quick hug when she arrived and then Claire walked to the study to get started. Her mother always took her nap at this time of the morning so it was quiet and easier to concentrate. Louise left an estimate on the desk from her nephew on repairing the roof damage. He had written a note that the roof needed replacing, which would cost approximately $20,000.00 and to make repairs that he didn't feel would last through the winter, it would cost $5000.00.

Claire laid her head down on the desk. There was no way she could cover the cost of the patch; much less replacing the roof. Even with income from several jobs it would take some time to save that much money, and apparently time was something in short supply with the current state of the roof. She would talk to the credit union at work on Monday and see if she could work out a loan to at least cover the repairs. It would hopefully buy her several months to decide what she was going to do. The additional monthly payment of a loan would be hard to make, but what choice did she have?

The rest of the stack was just as depressing. Dividing up the money that was left after living expenses, Claire made a small payment against almost all the medical bills. She didn't know how much longer they could keep going. Her finances were built on a stack of cards and sooner or later the cards always folded. Until they did, she would keep hoping for a miracle every day. You turned down your miracle yesterday; it's not likely to come along twice.

Maybe she should have accepted Jason's offer after all. Was jumping out of a cake nearly nude actually less damaging to her pride than taking charity? If it was just the charity part, it would be easier to accept; it was the part of feeling like he would expect something in bed as repayment that was harder to handle. Jason had never given her a reason to think that but then things had never been anything but professional between them before.

She knew the taste of his tongue now, the curve of his face, the feel of his erection pressing against her. When she closed her eyes she could almost feel him against her, his breath on her neck, his hands stroking down her back and over her hips. Claire tried to shake the memories of her daydream from her mind. She gave herself an extra few minutes before she joined her mother and Louise for lunch.

Her mother was confused today. She called her Chrissie the entire time and any attempts to correct her only led to agitation. It was so disappointing because she'd seemed better the last few visits. Today, she was quite obviously hovering close to the edge. Claire finally decided to take her leave rather than to continue to upset her. Louise looked at her in sympathy and walked her to the door as usual.

"It happens sometimes honey, there's nothing you did or nothing you can do about it; she just comes and goes. Now you go on home and get you some rest and don't worry about anything else today."

As her eyes began to well up, Claire pulled Louise into a hug and said, "Oh Louise, I love you."

"I love you too, now go on and get yourself home. We will be just fine here."

Claire waved at her until she was out of sight. Some rest today did sound good, she was sure she would need it for the upcoming week. Idly, she wondered what Jason was doing and then chastised herself for even caring. He was her boss; that was all she ever needed to know about him. Even as she tried to convince herself of that, she knew it was a lie.

~~~

Monday morning arrived, and Claire was in the rush-hour traffic before she knew it. She was glad to see when she arrived at the office that Jason wasn't in yet. Suzy called to ask her to lunch later, and she happily accepted. Maybe this would be a good day after all. She was so engrossed in her work; she'd not noticed the door opening and was surprised to look up and see Jason staring at her.

"Good morning Claire, you look happy today."

"Oh good morning, I didn't hear you come in," replied Claire.

"So, why are you so happy today, anything special?" asked Jason.

"No, not really," Claire turned back towards her computer and hoped that he would continue into his office.

"You look pretty today," said Jason as he walked to his office and shut the door. Claire looked at his retreating figure in shock. Had he really just said she looked pretty? Surely, she misunderstood that. Jason seemed to have put their argument behind him, and she felt she could do no less.

Around midmorning, Claire remembered to call the credit union concerning her loan. She was surprised and delighted to hear that they could take her application over the telephone. Within a few moments, her application was approved, and she was asked to stop by and pick up her check at the end of the day.

Just as she was ending the call, Leslie, the creditor, explained that they were running a special promotion and that she qualified to defer her first payment for six months with no interest or fees. Claire almost wept with happiness as she assured Leslie that she would love to take advantage of the offer. Claire ended the call and twirled in her chair in happiness.

Finally, she was getting a break, and it felt great. At the end of her second twirl, she was once again facing her boss. "Er... Sorry about that, just taking a short break."

With a laugh Jason said, "I can see that, please keep going, it's good to see you enjoying yourself." Self-consciously, Claire straightened in her seat and tried to school her expression back to professionalism.

"Was there something you needed me for?"

Still smiling at her, Jason replied, "Yes, I wanted to go over this weekend with you. Grayson has decided to travel here and stay at my home, so we will be working from there. I would like for you to come over Saturday morning and be prepared to stay until Sunday afternoon." Then, looking uncomfortable, he continued, "Um... Grayson asked if Suzy might be free to come as well. This isn't a working weekend for her and I'm not insisting that she come. This is purely her choice, and I've no problem with whatever she decides."

"Does Grayson like Suzy?" asked Claire.

Still looking uncomfortable, Jason replied, "I think she's different and that intrigues him. Again, please let Suzy know that I'm not requesting she come along, this is totally up to her. Of course knowing Suzy she wouldn't have a problem telling me no regardless," laughed Jason.

Claire laughed. "You're right about that. Are you going to be back in today?"

"Why?" asked Jason," Are you going to miss me if I'm not?" Unable to resist this teasing side of Jason, Claire laughed and assured him that she would be just fine. "Actually, I've a lunch meeting that will run into the afternoon. I probably won't see you again until tomorrow morning."

With a warm smile, Jason left before she could reply. She tried to assure herself that she was just feeling so happy because everything had worked out well with her loan. She was still smiling when she collected her purse and locked up to meet Suzy for lunch.

Chapter Fourteen

They'd decided to go to the outdoor cafe around the corner again, and Suzy was waiting for her in the lobby. Today Suzy was dressed in a denim skirt, short of course; her bare legs were tanned and appeared to sparkle from some type of glitter. Mile-high red platform sandals that wrapped several inches up her legs and a red silk tank top with a black vest completed her look. Claire was sure her boss was relieved to see a shirt with no writing or advertisements on it.

Suzy talked about her weekend as they found a table and placed their order. After taking a long drink of her iced tea, Suzy asked, "So, how are things with hot buns? Anymore bumping and grinding?" Wiggling her eyebrows suggestively, Suzy laughed as Claire's face turned bright red.

"You're horrible, why do I tell you anything?" laughed Claire.

"Maybe because you need my fresh insight into your dull but not yet hopeless sex life," said Suzy.

"There's nothing new to tell, well nothing of the bumping variety at least. Jason and I did have sort of an argument last week though."

"Do tell; was it at least over sex?" asked Suzy hopefully.

"No, get your mind out of the gutter, everything doesn't resolve around sex."

"Well, why the hell not?" asked Suzy.

"It was over money and maybe I made it into something about sex," admitted Claire.

As the waiter delivered their lunch Suzy impatiently shooed him away and said to Claire, "Get on with it!"

"Well Jason asked me to explain my, er... weekend job to him and when I told him I needed the money he wanted to know why. I told him about my mother, her medical bills and the upkeep on her house; I basically poured the whole thing out."

"Did you tell him about your father?" asked Suzy gently.

Claire looked away and quietly said, "No, not that. So anyway, get this, he starts barking off instructions. He wanted me to get him the amount of my mother's medication for the month and to give him the address of my mother's home so he could line the construction crew from Danvers up to make all the necessary repairs. He told me he would have a check waiting for me today. I just went off on him Suzy; I was so mad at him for wanting to make me his charity case or worse yet, wanting to buy his way into my bed. Can you believe him? I also told him I felt sure he wouldn't be making the same offer to Mona the janitor if she were in my position," finished Claire indigently.

Finished, she waited for the approval from Suzy that she knew would be coming and was surprised when Suzy instead gave her an almost pitying look. "Oh babe, I'm all for sticking it to someone when they deserve it but if you were going to throw something back in Mr. D's face, you should have picked something better than money. The man seems to give it out hand over fist and trust me, it's got nothing to do with sex.

"You know Cindy, who works in my department?" asked Suzy. Claire nodded her head as she pictured the little dynamo with a personality much like Suzy's. "Remember last year when she was knocked up? Well, her husband lost his job when she was getting close to popping and somehow Jason found out about it. He actually went to her house one evening and talked to her so that she wouldn't be embarrassed at the office.

"He paid their bills for two months until she had her baby and her husband was employed again. He said he didn't want the stress to cause problems with her pregnancy. She said he was so sweet, and she cried all over him. Oh and George, when his girlfriend had the surgery thingy a few months back, said Jason stopped by the hospital to visit and offered to pay the difference left after her insurance. I'm sure they're both good-looking chicks, but I don't think he wants to get them in the sack, you know what I'm saying?"

Claire was stunned. How could she work so closely with Jason and never know about any of this? Wouldn't someone in his position want the credit for so many good deeds? She felt horrible remembering all the nasty things she'd said to him. He hadn't wanted to help her for sex, actually that was embarrassing assuming that a man like him would need to buy sex from someone like her. After he got over his anger, he probably had a big laugh over that.

God was there ever a time that she'd been this embarrassed? With a groan, Claire put her hands over her face and felt Suzy reach over and pat her on the back. "It's ok babe; we all make an ass out of ourselves from time to time. You have just done it a little more than usual lately."

"Um... Thanks for that Suz," said Claire weakly, "I have to apologize to him but how exactly do I do that?"

"Well let's see," began Suzy helpfully, "'hey hot buns, sorry I threw your offer back in your face; I just wanted you to know that I would be glad to give it up for free, you don't have to offend me by trying to pay for it.'"

"Oh thanks! I'm sure that would sound so much better; and I don't want to give it up for free," laughed Claire.

"So you do want to be paid after all?" replied Suzy wiggling her brows.

"No, you pervert; I don't want to give it up at all as you so nicely put it. Speaking of giving it up though, Jason wanted me to ask if you'd like to come to his house this weekend. We're working there with Grayson on the merger and apparently Grayson asked if you'd come as well."

"Ugh... Really? That stuffed shirt thinks he's going to get his groove on with me? I mean he's good- looking and all, but it's a damn shame he's such a tight ass. He probably thinks I'm some call girl he can buy for the weekend to rock his little uptight world. Nope, I don't see it happening for him; tell Jason I'd rather pick lint out of my belly button." Suzy seemed to protest a little too much every time the subject of Grayson was brought up.

Although maybe someone like Grayson was exactly what Suzy needed for her ego after the heartache that Jeff had caused, Claire put on a really brave face, but knew Suzy was still hurting inside and the front that she presented was really to protect her heart. "I might not be interested in going, but I'm really interested in what you plan to do there," said Suzy.

"I'm going there to work, nothing more," defended Claire.

"Umm Hmmm, is that what they call it these days?"

"It's not like that, and we won't be alone; Grayson will be there and probably others as well. It's strictly professional so get your mind out of the gutter," said Claire.

With a sly look, Suzy said, "We will see girly. You forget I saw you two at dinner last week and the looks between you were actually making my underwear melt. I can't imagine you being under the same roof and being able to control yourself. Just rip each other's clothes off and see where it goes from there.

"I do insist on details though as soon as you get home, call me, text me, email me, just get me the 411 on exactly what happened." With a laugh, Claire moved on to safer subjects and thoroughly enjoyed her lunch.

~~~

The next day Claire was in the office before Jason had arrived and used the extra time to arrange for the repairs to her mother's home. She picked up the check from the credit union yesterday and was still overjoyed at how simple the process had been.

When Jason arrived a short time later Claire greeted him with a smile and a cheerful good morning. As if almost surprised, Jason returned the greeting and stopped in front of her desk.

He looked at her warmly and asked, "How are you today?"

"Very good, thanks."

"I'm going to be out of the office for most of today, but I wondered if you were free for dinner tonight?" asked Jason.

Surprised, Claire replied, "Dinner?"

At her obvious confusion, Jason quickly added, "It's really a business dinner. I'll be out of the office for the rest of the week at Mericom in Charleston, and I want to go over a few things with you before I leave. Since we both have to eat, I thought dinner would work out well."

"I can just stay late, and we could go over everything here when you get back if you'd prefer." said Claire.

"That's not necessary; we will eat somewhere close to your apartment if it's more convenient," added Jason. "How about the Italian place down the street from you, Villa Risso?" asked Jason.

"They have great food," said Claire, "it's very casual though if that's a problem."

"No, I like casual. Let's say around seven, does that give you enough time?" asked Jason. Claire agreed and after picking up some files from his office, Jason left with a quick goodbye.

The afternoon passed quickly in nervous anticipation. Claire kept trying to remind herself that this was a business dinner and not a date. There was no reason to be nervous. She left promptly at five so that she would have time to go home and freshen up before meeting Jason. Luckily, she didn't run into Suzy on her way out. She could just imagine what type of graphic comments she would have made.

Chapter Fifteen

Claire went straight to the shower when she arrived home. After getting out, she threw on her robe and walked over to the vanity to touch up on her make-up. As she was leaning over the vanity to apply her blusher, the sleeve of her robe caught the small wooden box that she used to store her toiletries and it came crashing off and landed painfully hard on her right foot. Shit! Owwww God that hurts!

She hobbled to her bed to assess the damage. Her big toe was now bleeding profusely. She grabbed some tissue and held it against her toe until it looked as if the blood flow was slowing. Upon inspection, she was dismayed to see that her toenail had been cut. She hobbled back to the bathroom for her trusty first aid box and located a band-aid and antiseptic spray. Soon, she had an ugly but functional white bandage around her toe. With a sigh, she thought she should really start avoiding the bathroom since most of her accidents seemed to occur there.

Claire planned to wear a long blue sundress she'd purchased on a whim several years ago and a pair of flat, white sandals. The dress might still be possible; the shoes, however, weren't since the toe openings were too small for the bandage. Almost ready to admit defeat, Claire spotted a pair of flip flops she kept to wear on the beach. After sliding on her dress, Claire then gingerly tried on the flip flops. It wasn't as bad as she feared.

The shoes gave the dress a more casual appearance and of course there was no missing the huge bandage on her toe but from the ankles up she looked fine. If she could arrive at the restaurant first and be seated before Jason he might never notice her toe. After quickly finishing her makeup and locking up her apartment, Claire made her way to her car. Oh great, instead of looking sexy, I'm waddling like a duck.

~~~

The restaurant was only a few minutes from her apartment, and she arrived fifteen minutes early. The parking lot was already crowded and Claire was forced to park almost at the end of the lot. Walking so far was going to be painful, and she grimaced as she got out of her car and locked her door. She was so intent on making her way to the front of the restaurant as gently as possible that she didn't notice another car entering the lot. Claire jumped as she felt a hand cup her elbow. "Owwww! Ouch!" cried Claire.

Jason peered down at her foot in concern. "I'm sorry I startled you; I thought you heard me. What happened?" asked Jason.

Claire replied, "I knocked something on my foot and the toenail is... well, you don't want to hear the details, but I hurt my toe," finished Claire.

"Do you need to go to the hospital?" asked Jason.

"No, it will be fine; it's just a little sore now."

"Would you rather I just take you home Claire? I can't stand the thought of causing you further pain."

She looked up into Jason's beautiful blue eyes so filled with concern for her and knew that she would not give up this time with him for anything; much less a little toe pain. "It's fine, really; it already feels better."

He continued to study her for a few moments and then tightened his arm around her. "Lean on me and let's walk slowly. Let me know if you need to stop." Maybe it was Jason's nearness and the feel of his arm holding her close but Claire didn't feel any pain as they made their way into the restaurant.

Jason walked up to the host and smiled. "Carlo, it's so good to see you again."

"Mr. Danvers, what a pleasure, and you brought such a beautiful companion tonight," said a beaming Carlo. "I've the perfect table; it has a lot of privacy for you and your lady."

Not bothering to correct him, Jason said a sincere thank you, and they were led to a secluded table in the corner. Claire was grateful when Jason pulled out a chair for her and carefully assisted her into the seat. After he was seated Jason asked Claire if she had any preferences in wine, but she was happy to leave the decision to him. Soon, Carlo had departed after leaving their menus and promising to return with the wine that Jason had selected.

"Are you doing ok Claire?"

"I'm fine Jason, really," replied Claire.

"Let me know if you're feeling any discomfort. Would you like a chair to elevate your foot?"

"Er... no, that's ok, thanks." Claire could just imagine her bandaged foot complete with flip flop sticking out in a chair for Jason and the other customers to see. That was not going to happen.

Carlo returned with their wine and poured them both a glass before taking their orders. Claire decided on a simple meal of lasagna and surprisingly Jason indicated that he would have the same. "You must come here often if they know you by name," Claire said.

"I usually dine here at least once a week, I love Italian food," replied Jason.

"Is this on your way home, then?" asked Claire.

"I've a house on the ocean about fifteen minutes from here depending on traffic, and I admit to doing a certain amount of takeout during the week," laughed Jason.

Claire was pleasantly surprised that Jason seemed so normal. He was no doubt a millionaire yet talking with him like this you'd never know that. Most people in his position would have a cook or someone responsible for taking care of the details of his life such as his meals but Jason seemed to be completely self-sufficient. Even at the office he never expected to be waited on. He went to the cafeteria for his own food or coffee and didn't ask Claire to run any type of personal errands for him.

She knew that Jason was wealthy of course but there was never actually anything flashy that reminded you of that fact, well maybe the Mercedes. Somehow, that made her respect him even more. After working for him for three years, she still felt like she'd never really known Jason, the man. With Suzy's revelations about his generosity, Claire was more intrigued than she would care to admit. How could someone as accomplished and powerful as Jason also be the man sitting beside her in a quiet, low key Italian restaurant?

Jason the tycoon and object of various fantasies over the years was safe. The Jason she'd gotten to know over the last few weeks was oh so dangerous to her. This was a man whom she could lose her head over and her heart too if she wasn't very careful. Was it already too late to save herself and did she even want to anymore?

Claire noticed Jason studying her intently across the table and felt her cheeks flush. "You look beautiful tonight Claire, blue suits you," said Jason.

"Thanks, you look beautiful too, I... I mean; you look nice," stammered Claire. Oh great, I'm treating a business dinner like my senior prom, and I just told my boss that he looked beautiful. Please table, open up and swallow me now.

With a grin, Jason replied, "I liked the beautiful comment best."

Embarrassed, Claire asked, "What did you want to go over tonight?" She reached for her purse and pulled out a small notebook and pen then looked at Jason expectantly.

"Let's wait on business until after dinner, shall we?" asked Jason. "It's been a very long day, and I could use some time to relax if that's ok." Claire studied him noticing the signs of fatigue around his eyes. He always made everything seem so effortless, and his energy seemed to be limitless but possibly this merger was starting to wear on him. She'd no doubt he was putting in more hours in the evening after he left the office than anyone was aware.

Tenderness flickered to life in her chest as she gently said, "That sounds great; I know you must be tired."

"You have no idea; I love nothing better than putting a deal together, but this particular one has come close to consuming my life. I look forward to a much-needed break after this closes."

"When do you think that will be?" asked Claire.

"Within the next few months barring any other last minute issues," replied Jason.

"That reminds me," began Claire awkwardly, "I asked Suzy about this weekend and she... already has plans."

Jason smiled as he picked up on the hesitation in her voice and said, "Told you no way, huh?"

A laugh sputtered out of Claire as she said, "You really do know Suzy well don't you?"

"Yes and I'm betting her answer was a bit more graphic than you're letting on."

"After her recent breakup, I don't think she's ready to get back out there again yet," said Claire. Plus she thinks Grayson is a tight ass and not in a good way.

"Grayson does seem very interested in her," said Jason. "He's a good guy and will be in the office quite a lot after the merger."

With a smile, Claire said, "He seems a little... normal for her so I'm not sure anything would ever come of it."

"Well stranger things have happened so let's leave it to fate, shall we?" The waiter delivered their lasagna and a basket of fresh bread, and soon they were both enjoying their meal and Claire was finding it harder to remember this wasn't a date.

~~~

Jason looked across the table at Claire as she laughed and picked the fork up from her lap. Mishaps did seem to follow her wherever she went. First, she'd arrived for dinner with her toe bandaged and was painfully hobbling towards the door when he reached her in the parking lot and now when gesturing with her fork while talking, she'd somehow flipped it from her hands and up in the air, finally landing it in her lap.

She called it bad fortune; he called it endearing. It was obvious she was quite used to the frequent mishaps and had learned how to handle them with grace through the years. God, she looks so beautiful and sexy tonight. He had seldom seen her wear anything with color in it and the blue dress she was wearing seemed to make her sparkle; her eyes were luminous. Her tanned shoulders had felt smooth and soft when he had put his arm around them to help her inside earlier. Her scent was intoxicating, and he was again grateful for a tablecloth covering his groin.

This whole dinner thing was probably a mistake. The idea had just popped into his head this morning when he had seen her sitting there at her desk, smiling up at him with those beautiful soft lips. Before he knew it, the invitation had been issued. He was damn lucky he hadn't already blown this merger by now. If they could just get the sex out of the way, he would be able to breathe again, to focus. They were both adults so when whatever was between them burned out, life could return to normal. He could be in public without having a constant erection, and business would again be foremost in his mind.

He was so damn angry when she'd thrown his offer of financial assistance back in his face with the insulting accusation that he needed to buy sex. Someone willing had never been an issue for him. He kept his affairs out of the office and off the front page. The women he had been involved with through the years knew exactly where they stood with him. They enjoyed each other while it lasted, but they always came in second to the company.

His mother was constantly harping on him to settle down no doubt because she felt it was expected, and his answer to that was why? When he came to the point in his life where he was content and no longer felt driven to complete the next big deal then he might entertain the thought. Something in his chest tightened when he looked at Claire and thought of her settling down with someone else in the future.

At least he found a way to help her without offending her again. If she ever found out there would probably be hell to pay, but right now it seemed worth it to see the happy, relaxed expression on her face. Hopefully not having to worry about finances or her neighbor for awhile would make her life easier. Soon, he would get her out of his system, and his life would be his own again, and he would insist that she benefit enough to do away with the weekend job permanently.

~~~

Claire ruefully pulled the fork from her lap and laughed, "At least I didn't stab myself with it." Dinner had been wonderful, full of laughter and shared stories. Jason seemed interested in every boring detail of her life up until the present. Claire carefully avoided any mention of her father and mainly talked about her mother and Chrissie. He in turn told of his summers growing up around the beach with an often absent mother who tended to drink too much and needed to be taken care of and a workaholic father.

He said he probably didn't have any siblings because they simply forgot to take care of it as they did most everything other than Danvers. Luckily, his mother's sister Ella had lived with them and tried to provide him with some type of maternal figure. It was obvious from the warm tone of his voice that he loved her very much. Ella had since moved to Florida and lived in a retirement community there that Claire suspected he paid for.

His parents lived in Charleston where his mother chaired several charities to keep up appearances. His father golfed most every day and still attended the occasional board meeting at Danvers. His childhood that she thought would be so vastly different from her own held many similarities. She could tell that, for the most part, he had never been a child. He seemed to always be taking care of either his mother or Ella. The neglect of his childhood still seemed preferable to the abuse of hers.

Looking down at her watch, Claire was surprised to see that two hours had passed. They'd long finished dinner and dessert and were now just drinking coffee and talking. "Oh wow, it's getting late," said Claire picking up her pen and pad again. "We had better go over what you need for the rest of the week."

"You know what?" asked Jason. "I really don't want to ruin a great evening talking about business. This is the most relaxing meal I've had in weeks, and I just want to leave it at that," finished Jason.

"Sure, you can call or email me tomorrow," said Claire. The waiter returned and Jason quickly settled the check. Carefully putting his arm around here again, Jason walked slowly as he helped her back to her car.

"Are you ok to drive with that foot?" asked Jason.

"I'm fine, really. It looks a lot worse than it is," said Claire. Jason made no move to remove his arm from her shoulders and finally Claire started to pull away from him.

Suddenly, he turned her to face him in his arms and lowered his mouth to hers. Claire was too surprised to resist as she felt the warm touch of his soft lips meet hers, lightly as first, nibbling and tracing the outer curve of her lips almost questioningly. With a groan, Claire parted her lips and Jason swooped in to take advantage, thrusting his tongue inside to mate with hers.

Jason pulled her body closer. His hands molded her curves to fit his. Claire could feel his arousal pressing against her belly, and her cervix contracted with the force of her own arousal. As he slid his lips down the side of her neck, Jason whispered in her ear, "Claire, God, I want you so much, go home with me tonight?" Jason pressed her hand to the front of his slacks, letting her feel the force of his desire.

As her knees started to buckle against him, Claire looped her arms around his neck and said, "My place... it's right... down the street... please." Jason raised his head to look into her eyes and whatever he saw there seemed to give him the answer he was seeking.

Jason disentangled them enough to walk and said, "Ride with me; your car will be safe here."

Way past any rational thought, Claire allowed him to lead her over to his Mercedes and put her in the passenger seat and within minutes they were pulling into her apartment complex. Jason hurried around the car and helped her out. Her fingers were shaking too much to find the door key, so Claire handed the whole set to him. Jason gave a shout of victory as he finally located the key, and soon they were inside.

As soon as the door closed, Jason reached for her and brought his lips crashing down on hers again. Gone was the questioning kiss of before, now there was only need and desire so hot Claire was afraid she would burst into flames. His hands were roaming her body, desperately seeking to discover every curve. Claire couldn't stop the moan that escaped her lips as he cupped the heavy weight of her br**sts through the thin material of her dress. Moisture was pooling between her thighs as she frantically ran her hands down his back and pulled his shirt from the waistband of his trousers.

His skin was hot to the touch, and her nails raked down his back with need. His tongue was devouring her mouth, mating with hers and his hands were gripping her bottom, grinding against her with only a few thin layers separating them. "Bed..." Jason picked her up, and she clamped her legs around his h*ps as she pointed him to her bedroom door. Not bothering to turn on the lights, Jason slowly felt his way over to the bed and lowered her gently.

As he leaned over her, he asked, "Are you ok with your toe?"

Claire pulled him down on top of her. Screw the toe! Jason rolled over and positioned her on top of him, reaching down for the hem of her dress and slowly raising it over her head. Thank god I wore my good underwear tonight.

He then reached over and found the switch on the bedside lamp, and Claire was bathed in the dim glow. "Oh god, you're so perfect," purred Jason. Claire had worn a pale blue lace push-up bra which made the best of her assets and a matching pair of tiny lace panties. She reached for the hem of his shirt, desperate for skin to skin contact but Jason caught her hands and stopped her. "No, not yet, I'll lose control fast when I feel you against me."

He lowered her back to the bed and knelt between her legs. He ran his hands lightly up past her thighs and to her stomach. Claire arched up off the bed when she felt the warmth of his lips blazing the same path his hands had just touched. Slowly, his tongue swirled around her belly button and teased as it slid a few inches lower. Breathless with anticipation, Claire almost cried out when he stopped his descent and instead started to work his way back up until he reached the underside of her br**sts.

Jason located the front closure on her bra and deftly snapped it open. Her br**sts were laid bare to his nak*d gaze. His hands cupped the weight of her as one thumb came up to stroke her nipple. "Oh baby, you're beautiful," rasped Jason. Hearing a moan, Claire was surprised to discover it had come from her throat. Her n**ples were hard and standing at attention. Jason lowered his head and took a nipple in his mouth, swirling his tongue over the peak.

Claire felt him reach down between her thighs and lightly cup her mound through the thin lace of her panties. Claire dug her hands in his hair, holding his mouth in place. She raised her h*ps to meet his questing fingers as they slid under the lace of her panties and slowly lowered them down her legs. He then glided his hand back up her legs and between her slick folds to tease her. Claire almost jumped from the bed, so sensitive was that throbbing part of her against the pressure of his fingers.

The sucking of his mouth on her br**sts seemed to mimic the motion of his hand between her thighs. She pushed her thighs tighter against his hand, instinctively seeking release from the pressure inside her. Liquid pooled there as Jason slipped a finger inside her, stroking her where she needed it most.

Time ceased to have any meaning; the only focus was what was happening to her body, the unbearable pressure between her legs. Claire felt another finger being inserted, stroking faster as his thumb continued to rub her clit. Suddenly feeling like she was fixing to break apart if he didn't stop, Claire started to pull back from his hand, so strong were the feelings burning in her body.

She heard Jason's voice whisper, "No baby, let it happen, come for me." The motion of his hand increased as did the suction at her br**sts, and suddenly she was falling through space; spinning so fast there was nothing left in the world but the feeling of the contractions that shook her body. "Oh god, baby, that's it," said Jason hoarsely.

Lying limply, sparks of electricity still running through her body, Claire felt Jason's lips take up their earlier path, kissing slowly down her stomach and suddenly she jerked in shock as those lips kissed her inner thighs. As she tried to move her legs together to escape from the ultimate intimacy, Claire felt Jason's hand on her hip, soothing her, "let me taste you, I need to know all of your beautiful body."

Claire slowly eased her legs apart to the gentle pressure of his hand. She held her breath as she felt the first light stroke of his tongue across her folds. Jason went slowly as not to startle her and suddenly all thoughts of protest were gone and there was nothing other than the exquisite feel of his tongue licking and sucking turning her whole body into an inferno of need. Claire screamed as an orgasm ripped through her body, making her almost black out with the force of it.

Dimly, she was aware of Jason's clothing hitting the floor. She raised her arms to bring him back to her and felt the weight of him return, this time with no barriers between them. His skin seemed to be on fire as his mouth devoured hers. As his tongue slid past her teeth into her mouth, she felt the nudge of his erection between her thighs, seeking entrance into her body. She wrapped her legs around his waist, as his tongue thrust deeply into her mouth. At the same moment, his body pulsed into hers.

The weight and size of him took her breath away as her body tried to stretch to accommodate him. Jason slid slowly inch by inch until he was buried to the hilt in her. He whispered in her ear, "Are you ok?" In answer, Claire wrapped her legs tighter and moved her h*ps against his. With a groan, she felt him slide out of her and then slowly back in as if afraid he would hurt her.

Claire was surprised to feel the fire raging inside her again. She wanted him to lose control, needed to feel him moving inside her, hard and fast. She gripped the firm cheeks of his tight butt and pushed him against her, forcing him deeply inside her again and finally felt the control Jason had been exercising snap.

Never had she felt anything like this before. She didn't know where she stopped and Jason began, together they were one. The pressure was building inside her again, small quakes shaking her as she met Jason thrust for thrust. Suddenly, he leaned back on his knees taking her with him. Jason slid so deep he almost seemed to touch her cervix. He took a nipple in his mouth as his big body pounded into hers.

Claire was helpless to do anything other than whimper, so great was her need for release. His mouth fastened on the other nipple sucking it inside his burning hot mouth. As Claire started to feel the ripples beginning inside her, she gripped Jason's shoulders, lifting herself up to meet his thrusts. Jason pumped harder as he felt her beginning to shudder. His mouth took hers again, his tongue swallowing the cries that erupted from her lips as spasm after spasm ripped through her body, her orgasm all consuming. Jason stiffened against her, his head jerking back and a hoarse cry erupting from his lips.

She was boneless and could do nothing but limply lay against him, completely spent. Jason gently lifted her and laid her down on the bed. Stroking the hair off her face, he kissed her lips, no pressure now, just sweetness. Dimly, Claire was aware of Jason rising from the bed and discarding a condom. God she'd been so far gone; she hadn't given protection a thought, so she was glad he had the presence of mind to protect them both.

Claire felt Jason slide back in the bed after turning the lamp off, and she cuddled into his arms. She felt Jason brush a kiss against her neck as she drifted off to sleep. Sometime during the night she was awoken by Jason pulling her back against him and lifting her leg over his as he slid inside her. Jason made slow, leisurely love to her and again, her body shattered in a million pieces with Jason's cries of release mingling with her own.

Chapter Sixteen

Claire was awoken from a peaceful sleep by the morning sunlight streaming in her window. She winced as her body ached in unusual places. Memories of the previous night came flooding in and Claire looked around her bedroom, wondering if it had all been a dream. Claire noticed the bathroom door was shut, and the shower was a distant sound in the background.

She couldn't believe what had happened. She'd actually slept with her boss, the hot guy she'd ogled from afar for years but never seriously considered a romantic prospect. As the sound of the water stopped, Claire felt herself tense up, the morning after was unfamiliar ground for her. Buck up girl, here comes the walk of shame. She grabbed a night shirt from her drawer and slid it over her head before returning to the bed.

After a few moments, the door opened and Jason walked out in his boxer briefs looking good enough to eat. Claire felt her mouth go dry at that thought. With her eyes averted in embarrassment, she felt the bed dip as Jason sat down beside her. His hand lifted her chin, and warm lips descended on hers for a long, mind numbing kiss. He gave her a lazy smile and said, "Good morning. You looked so beautiful lying there; I almost didn't have the strength to get up."

Claire blushed and replied shyly, "Um, good morning."

Jason slid his hand in her hair massaging her scalp and said, "I've a meeting downtown at ten. I need to go home and grab a quick change of clothes before I go. I'm leaving tonight for Charleston for the rest of the week, why don't you come with me? Personnel can direct my calls. Anything else that needs to be dealt with can be sent to another office for the rest of the week."

"I thought Grayson was coming here this weekend?"

"That's somewhat up in the air right now; I was planning to go there for a few days, and then he was planning to come here for a few. Hopefully, his schedule will still allow him to do that. He's trying to finalize a big deal so that takes precedence."

"I would love to go to Charleston, but I would need to check on my mother and there isn't time for that today," Claire said sadly.

Jason leaned down to give her another quick kiss and said, "Take today and use the time to make sure she has everything she needs. I'll pick you up about seven tonight, Ok?"

"O...Ok, I guess I could do that."

"Good girl, don't worry about the office, I'll have that covered today."

Jason turned to pick up his shirt and Claire caught sight of his back and gasped, "Oh no!" Long red marks where fingernails had raked his back were clearly visible.

He looked at her inquiringly, "What's wrong?"

"Your back, please tell me I didn't do that to you," said a horrified Claire.

With a laugh Jason said, "Well the only other option is someone else did it so, which would you prefer?"

"I'll take the credit... Does it hurt?"

"It did sting a bit in the shower, but it's nothing a kiss wouldn't help," said Jason with a wicked grin.

Claire laughed at his hopeful expression and slid down to the end of the bed. Tentatively, she stood on her tip toes and hooked her arms around his neck. He lowered his head but left the next step to her. Claire ran the tip of her tongue across the seam of his lips, seeking entrance. Jason obligingly opened his mouth, and she slid her tongue inside, hungry for the taste of him. With a groan Jason took charge of the kiss and deepened it. Soon, they were both wrapped tightly around each other; the feel of Jason's erection pressed against her thigh. His big hands cupped her breast, rubbing the nipple to a hard pebble.

They were both reaching the point of no return when a shrill beep sounded. Claire looked around in confusion, wanting to destroy whatever had broken their embrace. With jerky motions, Jason pressed one more kiss against her swollen mouth and walked over to her dresser to pick up his phone. "It's my alarm; I set it before bed last night so I wouldn't miss the meeting this morning. I didn't trust myself to give a damn otherwise." As Jason clicked the alarm to silence, he grabbed his abandoned shirt and pants, making quick work of dressing.

Jason sat on the edge of the bed beside her to put his shoes on. "Can I never walk away from you without a tent in the front?" Claire tried to contain her amusement as she looked down at the front of his pants. "Think it's funny huh? You aren't exactly getting off lightly either." At his pointed gaze, Claire saw the clear outline of her hard n**ples against the front of the night shirt. Claire crossed her arms over her chest and stuck her tongue out at him. With a chuckle, Jason tapped her playfully on the nose and said, "I'll call you later, be careful on your errands today." Another quick kiss and he was gone.

Claire laid back in bed going over the previous night in her mind. Jason was an exceptional lover. He only took his pleasure when he was sure that she had hers first. His self-control seemed limitless. She'd expected the sex to be hot but was surprised at the tenderness that had been so much a part of it. In her limited experience, sex had never been that enjoyable.

Even when Suzy was raving about it, Claire wondered what all the fuss was about. Now she knew she'd never been with anyone who actually cared about her pleasure; Jason had dedicated himself to it. Just thinking about it made her core ache with need. Maybe it's time for a cold shower and a towel to wipe the drool. Claire still had the desire to pinch herself to make sure she was awake.

~~~

Claire called Louise and explained she was going out of town on business again. Even if Louise wondered why she was suddenly traveling a lot, she didn't ask. Claire quickly wrote down a list of supplies she needed and promised her she would be over after lunch. She was driving downtown when a store caught her eye. Claire pulled into a parking space in front of a thrift store that Suzy often frequented. Excited about the week with Jason, she decided to do something she hadn't done for pleasure in years; go in a store to shop for herself.

She knew there was something ironic about buying clothes a couple of days after taking out a loan to fix her mother's roof, but for once she wanted to think of herself. For the first time in so long, she wanted to feel young and carefree for just this week. Reality would come crashing down soon enough.

Claire entered the store and was excited to see all the beautiful clothing filling rack after rack. A pretty girl around her own age came up to her as she was looking through some dresses. "Hey there, I'm Ashley, what're we looking for today?"

Claire smiled at her and said, "I'm going to Charleston for the week, and I would like some casual clothes, something different."

With a wiggle of her eyebrows, Ashley asked, "For business or pleasure?" Taking note of Claire's blush at the question, Ashley smiled and said, "Ok, pleasure."

Soon Claire's arms were loaded with colorful sun-dresses, Capri-pants and sleeveless tops. Claire modeled each selection for Ashley. Finally, she ended up with a short yellow sundress with multi-colored flowers on the bottom of it and another sundress in turquoise. Her favorite was a halter dress in a beautiful emerald-green color that made her eyes sparkle and put her br**sts proudly on display.

Ashley matched the sun-dresses up with cute strappy sandals and the halter dress with high heeled wedge sandals that laced up her ankles. She also selected some shorts that showed entirely too much leg and a few pairs of Capri linen pants with matching silk tanks. Ashley even matched up costume jewelry that complimented each outfit.

Claire cringed as she waited for Ashley to ring up her purchases. She was relieved and surprised that the total was far less than she could have hoped for or expected. She thanked Ashley profusely and assured her she would be back. With a spring in her step, Claire left the shop humming.

So this is what being in love feels like. Wow! Where had that thought come from? It was more like being in lust. Sex with someone hardly qualified as love. Still, it was such a great feeling to have someone to want to look attractive for. Claire hadn't felt that way since college. The few people she'd dated since then never filled her with the desire to buy different clothing, or want to look more feminine.

Until Jason, Claire had never noticed anything lacking from her wardrobe or her social life. There was a nagging voice in the back of her mind telling her that this couldn't last, but for once, she was going to live in the moment. No matter what happened between them, she knew she would be better for having this time with Jason; even if it was only brief.

Claire checked her phone to see if she'd missed any calls while inside the store and saw that she had a new message. Eagerly playing it, hoping it was Jason, Claire was disappointed to hear Pam's voice. She wanted Claire to know that she had hired a new girl for the bachelor parties. When Claire had weekends available again, Pam would try to schedule some work for her. She made it clear though that Claire's days of having all the weekend parties were over.

Maybe it was for the best. She could probably pick up a weekend clerical job at one of the area hospitals, the difference being it would require more hours than Partiez Plus had. Next week she would sign up with an employment agency and see what they had to offer.

Chapter Seventeen

Claire picked up the items on Louise's list and arrived in time for lunch. Louise had decided to make a late brunch and Claire tucked into a plate of eggs and bacon with gusto. Her mother was having a good day today, and the three of them remained at the table long after the meal was finished chatting and laughing. Louise asked several questions about her trip, and Claire hated not being completely truthful with her. Claire could tell by the sparkle in her eyes that she suspected there was more than Claire was telling, but she didn't press her.

As she was leaving, Louise told her that her nephew would be by tomorrow to start the roof repairs. Claire left a check to pay him, in case he finished the work before she returned home. She gave her mother and Louise one last hug and promised to call and check on them while she was away.

~~~

Jason was in trouble. He felt it in his gut, and his gut was never wrong. The plan of getting Claire out of his system didn't seem to be working. After a night of the best sex of his life, he still wasn't remotely satisfied. In fact, he ached to be with her, inside her again. The scary part was it wasn't just the sex he missed; he missed her. He had lain awake in bed this morning enjoying the feel of her curled into his side, her bandaged toe resting on top of his leg, her small hands lying so trustingly on his chest. His body was screaming at him to wake her, his mind was telling him to run like hell. He practically bolted out of the bed and into the bathroom.

While in the shower, he convinced himself that the tender feelings were just because he had known Claire for awhile. They'd worked closely for several years so it was only natural to feel more for her than just some one night stand. There was no reason this couldn't work to his advantage. As his assistant she could travel with him while they were involved, and with the merger in progress no one would question the sudden need for that.

The novelty of crossing a line and sleeping with someone at the office had to be what made the sex so good, so forbidden. When the novelty wore off as it would, they'd move on. He felt better after working everything out in his mind and decided to give Claire a call to make sure everything was still a go for Charleston. He hoped he could continue to block the voice in his head urging him to run.

~~~

When Claire arrived home from her mother's, her cell phone rang.

"Hey beautiful, how is your day going?" asked Jason.

Pulse kicking into high gear at the sound of his voice, Claire tried to sound cool. "Hey, it's going great, how about yours?"

"No problems, everything is on schedule." Claire wondered if anything ever dared to go off schedule where Jason was concerned.

"Did you get someone lined up to cover the office while we're away?" asked Claire.

"Yes, everything is taken care of. How is your mother doing today?"

"She's good actually; I had lunch with her and Louise earlier, and she was her old self."

"That's great; I'm glad you had that time," said Jason warmly. "I'm going to work from my home the rest of the afternoon. I've several conference calls lined up, and I need to pack as well. I should be free a bit earlier so how about I pick you up around six?" asked Jason.

"Ok, I'll see you then," said Claire.

"Oh and Claire, I've missed you today." Not waiting for a reply, Jason clicked off after that comment.

Claire felt warmth flood through her. She had of course missed Jason terribly today but was shocked to hear him admit that he felt the same way. She couldn't delude herself into thinking that this was anything more than sex to Jason. This wasn't a fairytale, and he wouldn't be taking her off to his castle. He was, however, taking her off to Charleston where she would have the rest of the week to pretend just for a little while that her prince charming had finally arrived.

She was surprised to hear her phone ringing again. She quickly answered it thinking that Jason had forgotten something. As soon as she said hello, she cringed as Suzy said, "Well, well, well, is someone finally getting laid?" Despite being horrified at the question, Claire couldn't contain the laughter that burst out. No matter how crude or shocking Suzy could be at times, you still had to laugh at some of the things that came out of her mouth.

"What're you talking about?" hedged Claire.

With a dramatic sigh, Suzy said, "Really, from all the choices out there, you're choosing the dumb route? That's just disappointing. Honey you know I'm wired into everything at Danvers right down to when everyone takes a leak every day. Do you really think I haven't heard that Jason requested a fill in for the office because he needed his assistant to travel with him this week? Now I may have been able to buy into it if I hadn't run into him in the elevator this morning. That man had the 'oh so satisfied, I've been done left and right' look all over his face. Men can't fake that shit, he was fresh out of the sack with someone. So... he was either fresh out of your sack, and you're going with him this week for more nookie or he was fresh off someone else's sheets and you're actually going to work," finished Suzy smugly.

"Oh Suz, you missed your calling somewhere in life. You should have been a detective or a comedian; I'm not sure which," laughed Claire.

"Looks like you're admitting to option one, am I right?" asked Suzy. "You know I'm going to need some details; I've been wondering what was under the hood of that baby for a while." Claire had never been in the position to kiss and tell before, and it was a strange feeling. She knew she could trust anything she said to Suzy not to go further, but it was still hard to talk about something so private and special.

"Er... yes, there's been some new developments there," admitted Claire.

"New developments, like are we talking about the weather or some hot sweaty sex?"

Claire finally gave in with a sigh knowing she would never get off the phone otherwise, "Ok, we slept together and oh my God Suz, it was wonderful. He was just... wonderful."

With a snort, Suzy said, "Yada, yada! Let's get over the rated G version and answer such hard-hitting questions as, was it good? Was it big? Did he go for quality or quantity?"

As her face started to flame, Claire lay back against the couch cushions and answered, "It was great; it was big and quality all the way, both times."

"Yessss," squealed Suzy, "I knew it! So you're going with him this week for more, huh?"

"Yes, he asked me to go; he's picking me up at six tonight," said Claire.

"Well honey if anyone ever needed a good bang, it's you," laughed Suzy.

"You're terrible Suz, really you are."

"Claire," began Suzy, a serious tone entering her voice. "I'm all for getting out there and test driving some new models. I can't imagine a finer model than Jason, but be careful, ok?"

"What're you saying Suz?"

"I'm just saying that people like Jason are different. I'm sure he has a lot of experience with women, but I don't think he's looking to settle down anytime soon," added Suzy.

"I know Suz, but thank you for caring enough to point it out."

"Sure thing, now get out there and have some fun for both of us."

"I will. You know you could still come for the weekend and see Grayson if you change your mind," added Claire.

"I'm not looking for a pretty-boy Claire. How do all these hunks like Jason and pretty boy have all that money at their age?" mused Suzy. "Oh well, guess it's better to be a rich young stud than an old dude, right? Have fun and call me when you get home, I need more details, lots more of them." With a laugh, Claire agreed and finally got off the phone without having to give out Jason's underwear size. The clock showed three by then, plenty of time for a nap. Soon, she was dropping off to sleep dreaming of Jason's hands sliding over her body and even in sleep her heart melted just a little more.

Chapter Eighteen

Jason knocked at the door just as Claire was bringing her garment bag and overnight case into the living room. She was wearing the yellow sundress that she'd purchased earlier. She thought it would be both comfortable and dressy enough to get by if they decided to stop off along the way. Due to her injured toe, she was also donning flip flops again. Luckily, it seemed to be much better, and it looked as if it would heal without losing the nail. Jason had also opted to travel in comfort and was sporting low riding, well-worn jeans and a white polo. Yummy.

He brushed a kiss against her lips as he came into her apartment, and it quickly turned into a full-fledged love affair of the mouth. When they pulled apart several minutes later, both were breathing hard and Jason whispered against her ear, "How was your day?"

Barely able to think rationally after the kiss, Claire replied, "Um... it was good. I had a nap and then was running late packing and couldn't find my other shoe."

Jason was smiling as her nervous rambling finally ended. As he reached over to pick her cases up, he opened the door and Claire locked up and followed him to his car.

Billy was walking to his car as Jason was storing her luggage. Claire was surprised to see him walk over to Jason and extend his hand. "Hey man, good to see you again. You guys going somewhere?"

"Yes, Claire is going to be away for a few days. I would really appreciate it if you'd keep an eye on her place," said Jason.

"Oh sure man, Billy will make sure no one bothers anything, don't worry."

"Thanks," replied Jason.

Billy turned and said a quick hello to her, and was on his way. Claire said, "That was weird. I've never known Billy to miss an opportunity to talk; he seemed almost normal."

"Yes, well maybe he has finally figured out that people don't like being accosted on their way in and out of their home," replied Jason.

"Maybe," replied Claire doubtfully.

Claire asked Jason where they'd be staying in Charleston. Jason then asked, "I thought you'd enjoy the historic district, have you been there?"

"No, I haven't but I've always wanted to."

"There's a great hotel there that I've stayed in before, their service is excellent and the privacy is unsurpassed," said Jason.

Claire had to wonder how many other women had benefited from the privacy offered at this hotel. As if sensing her thoughts, he added, "I've only stayed there when in town on business so it will be nice to enjoy it on a personal level as well."

With a bright smile of relief, Claire said, "It sounds perfect; I can't wait. Will you be working at Mericom each day?"

"I'll go in for meetings but won't spend a full day there. I would love for you to come along as well to give me your opinion of their operation," added Jason.

"I'd like that," said Claire shyly.

"Grayson will be spending quite a lot of time at Danvers as the merger nears and even afterwards. Charleston will remain his base at least for a while but he'll have an expanded role within Danvers as well. I look forward to having a strong person to shoulder some of the day to day load that the merger will create."

Claire was surprised that Jason would admit to needing assistance, much less be willing to relinquish some of his control at Danvers to Grayson. "Grayson also has a brother Nicholas that you will meet while we're there. He primarily does the traveling for Mericom, so he isn't in the office as much as Grayson. He'll also assume a big role in daily operations when the merger is complete and travel considerably less."

"I'd no idea Mericom was going to change Danvers this much. I guess I assumed it would be the other way around," said Claire.

"It will be too big to manage without some changes. They'll all be for the better though, we will hire more staff for our office, and some will also transfer between the two companies when the merger is complete. We will dine tomorrow night at Grayson's home. I want you to be comfortable with him and, of course, Nicholas since you will communicate with them both a great deal in the future." Claire would like to think Jason meant that as his companion she would see them more. Somehow, she knew he meant it strictly in the professional sense. Did you think he was going to ask you to go steady a day after sleeping with him, silly?

She was startled but pleased when she felt Jason lay his hand over her hand and link his fingers with hers. "I'm glad you came; I would have never been able to concentrate with you so far away," admitted Jason. Claire had no words for the way his statement made her feel, so she squeezed his hand instead, letting him know that she felt the same way. He said, "I thought we could have a late dinner when we arrive. How does seafood sound to you?"

"Mmm, that sounds great, I love seafood, and I bet it's wonderful there." The rest of the drive passed quickly with conversation flowing as if they'd been together for years which, in fact, in some capacity, they were.

~~~

The restaurant that Jason had selected was in the battery district of Charleston on the waterfront. As they pulled to the entrance a valet carefully opened her door and assisted her out. Jason handed the keys to another valet as they walked towards the entrance of the restaurant. Jason had obviously planned ahead and made a reservation as they were quickly escorted to a table overlooking the water. "This is lovely Jason; I'd no idea Charleston was so beautiful."

"This is only a small part of the appeal of Charleston; I look forward to showing you the city before we leave. Perhaps tonight, if you feel up to it, we will take a stroll on the waterfront before we go to the hotel."

"Oh yes, please, I would love that." Claire asked Jason for suggestions on the menu and was relieved when he offered to order a local favorite for them.

When the waiter returned, Jason selected the she-crab soup for an appetizer and the Lobster Newburg with fresh vegetables and wild rice as the main course. It sounded mouthwatering, and Claire was embarrassed to hear her stomach growl in appreciation. Jason apparently heard it as well. He looked at the waiter and said, "Could you please bring a basket of bread with our soup? My lady is hungry."

Claire playfully stuck her tongue out at him as the waiter left the table. "Don't give me ideas Claire, I find I can think of many things I would like to do with that tongue of yours." The desire in his gaze was unmistakable.

Claire leaned forward and bravely said, "I hope you will show me some of them later."

"If you look at me like that much longer, I'll show you right now on this table, and I don't really fancy getting arrested tonight so we'd better behave ourselves for now."

They chatted quietly about the upcoming merger and also about their plans for the week. When the main course arrived Claire was delighted to see the delicate puffed pastry filled with a cream sauce and slices of lobster. "This looks fabulous; I've never tried this before."

"It's one of my favorites, especially when it's a specialty of the house as it is here," said Jason.

After the main course, Claire finally pushed her plate back, surprised to find it was almost empty. The food, the wine and the company was a combination that was hard to resist. Claire felt Jason's hand on her leg as he asked if she would like dessert and coffee. "No, I couldn't possibly eat another bite. I would like to walk for a bit though, if it's ok with you." In minutes Jason had paid the check, and they were walking hand and hand on the waterfront.

"This is like one of those perfect moments in time that you read about," said Claire.

"Yes, indeed it is," replied Jason as he stopped and pulled her into his embrace. His thumb stroked over the bottom of her lip and Claire reached her tongue out and teasingly touched it.

Jason's breath seemed to catch in his chest, and suddenly he was crushing her in his embrace. Gone was the gentleness of a few moments ago. Now it was if a fire raged inside of him that had gotten out of control. His lips took possession of hers, his tongue staking a claim to every recess of her mouth, touching, seeking, devouring. Jason jerked his head back taking several deep breaths as he pulled his hand through his hair.

"If we don't stop now, I'm going to have you against that seawall in about thirty seconds. Let's walk back and get the car, I think it's past time to find our room." Claire almost laughed as Jason rushed them both to the car at top speed.

~~~

The drive to the hotel was done in similar fashion. They were checked in quickly and were soon in the room. Jason had his arms around her, and they were pressed against the wall before the door clicked shut. "You don't know how bad I've wanted to do this; I didn't think dinner would ever end," groaned Jason.

He picked her up and was walking towards the bed when a knock sounded at the door. He halted in his tracks, "Damn, this had better be good." Reluctantly sitting her back on her feet, Jason took a moment to straighten his clothing and yanked the door open.

The valet took a quick look at Jason's hard stare and quickly handed him a message. "I'm sorry sir; this should have been given to you when you checked in." With a curt nod of thanks, Jason shut the door and opened the note.

Jason grabbed his cell phone, quickly checking something and looked at Claire. "I'm sorry, there's a problem at a customer site with one of our components and they're threatening to cancel their entire order."

"Is it Lynwood?" asked Claire. Lynwood was a new customer who Danvers had recently acquired and their first purchase was in the millions of dollars.

"Yeah, that's the one; I don't know how this has been screwed up, but they're livid. I need to see what the problem is and try to smooth it over."

"What can I do to help?" asked Claire. Jason had already walked over to the desk in the room and was punching in numbers on his phone.

"Let me see what's going on, and we will go from there."

Chapter Nineteen

Claire walked over to a chair in the seating area. She was far enough away to give Jason some privacy but close enough to offer assistance if needed. After several phone calls, Jason seemed to reach the person in charge at Lynwood. He put his hand over the phone and asked, "Claire, could you possibly look in my briefcase over next to our luggage and see if you can locate the files on Lynwood?" Claire walked towards the bedroom and located Jason's briefcase. Claire put it on the edge of the bed and pulled out a stack of folders looking for anything on Lynwood.

She pulled out two folders and continued to thumb through the remainder when a name caught her eye. Confused, Claire wondered why Jason would have a file on her in his briefcase. Her curiosity getting the better of her, Claire opened the folder and stared at the contents in shock, unable to grasp what she was seeing. She thumbed through copies of her loan application from Danvers as well as a copy of the check issued to her.

A note was attached to the check copy, 'Mr. Danvers; per your instructions, I wanted to advise you that Claire Walters did apply for a loan of five thousand dollars today. As per your directive, the loan was approved immediately, and the funds made available the next day. Ms. Walters inquired about repayment of the loan and I was able to convince her that her payments were deferred for six months due to a special promotion. These funds were issued from your personal account as requested.' On the next page, Claire found an email from Pam at Partiez Plus. Almost unable to process any further information, Claire made herself read the email.

'Dear Mr. Danvers, It was a pleasure and somewhat of a surprise to hear from you concerning an employee. I was never informed that Claire was under contract to Danvers and that the contract precluded outside employment of our specific specialty. Claire is a valued member of our staff, and as such it is with great regret that I'll need to replace her. I do, however, understand and commend your need to protect the employment and benefits of a key employee. I will as you requested keep this matter confidential and will notify Claire of my intentions to fill her position. I can't thank you enough for recommending Partiez Plus to Mr. and Mrs. Smythe; their business will be invaluable. Please let me know if I can be of any further assistance.'

Claire was numb, her mind desperately looking for another explanation for what she'd read. Jason was behind the scenes of her life directing it like a play. Her turn of good fortune was not actually fortune at all; it was Jason pulling the strings, taking over and making her into someone whom he deemed acceptable. The sense of betrayal on so many levels was overwhelming. At the center was Jason. Leslie the creditor of course owed her loyalty to Jason and even though ethically it was wrong, she probably felt as if she were doing Claire a favor.

Pam in her estimation was as guilty as Jason. She'd basically sold out to him for his contacts. After the years of working for her and what she thought was a friendship between them, Pam had betrayed her confidence and privacy by discussing her employment with Jason. It was obvious from her email that she'd no intention of using Claire any longer despite her assurance that she would have the opportunity to work future parties.

What other problems had Jason decided to solve for her? Were her mother and Louise now on their way to live in Florida with his aunt Ella? Would she come home to a new house herself? Surely, someone living in an apartment wasn't good enough for the mighty Jason Danvers to sleep with. Well, that was no longer something he would have to worry about. She was finished with Jason and finished with Danvers. Word had probably already spread there by now that she was Jason's kept woman.

"Claire, what's keeping you? Did you find the file?" asked Jason from the next room. Rage burned through her causing her hands to shake as she gripped the file. Claire stalked back in the sitting area and smacked the folder with her name on it down in front of him.

Jason gave her a questioning look at the abrupt gesture. He balanced the telephone on his shoulder as he opened the file, not noticing the name on the front. Claire recognized the exact moment when he became aware of what he was looking at. His speech stopped mid-sentence, and he closed his eyes briefly as if in resignation. With a brief, "I'll have to call you back," spoken in the cell phone, Jason disconnected the call and turned to face her.

She waited for Jason to defend himself, to say anything, but he continued to sit and study her, seeming to be waiting for her to say something. "Well, surely you have something to say?" snapped Claire. "You have plenty to say to everyone else concerning me so why not to me in person?"

"Claire, you're upset, let's leave this until you're feeling rational enough to listen to reason."

The tone of his voice, as if he were humoring a child, infuriated her further. "I want you to explain what the hell you thought you were doing invading my privacy and taking over my life."

"If we must do this now while I'm in the middle of a major problem, at least sit down so that we may discuss this like adults."

"Fine," snapped Claire, and perched on the edge of a wingback chair across the room. "Well? I'm waiting."

After taking a deep breath, Jason stared at her and asked quietly, "What is it that you want me to say Claire?" If possible, the question stroked her rage to an even higher level. It was as if this whole conversation was a nuisance to him, and he couldn't see what she could possibly be upset over.

"Ok... Let's go in order, how about explaining the loan from Danvers that apparently wasn't a loan at all? Then we can work our way to my job with Partiez Plus that you got me fired from. Am I missing anything or is there something else not in the folder? Do I have a new home now that I'm not aware of or maybe my mother has free medication for life?" Breathing quickly, Claire saw an answering anger start to burn in Jason's blue eyes.

"Listen, I don't really have time for this right now, and I never took you for such a drama queen. I fail to see what could possibly have you so enraged. I gave you help when you needed it and were too proud to ask. I would have done the same for any employee, since when is it a crime to help someone?"

"You didn't offer help; you made choices for me. I don't need handouts, and I'm perfectly capable of handling my own affairs. I told you that when you brought this up in your office yet you ignored everything I said and decided you knew best. Poor stupid Claire couldn't possibly be able to think for herself, right?"

Jason jumped to his feet and stalked over to her chair glaring down at her. "Oh yes, I can see how great you were doing at handling your own problems. Being a stripper for a room full of horny men is always the answer to every girl's problems. I thought you were being forced to do that because of money, but maybe I was wrong, maybe it was for pleasure all along. Do you get some type of thrill from parading around half-naked turning a bunch of strangers on? Maybe you just like to play the blushing virgin during the day."

Claire flew out of the chair, and her hand landed hard against his cheek, the red imprint clearly visible. "Go to hell, what I do or why I do it is none of your concern!" yelled Claire. Harsh laughter erupted from Jason's chest as he reached out and hauled her against his chest.

"That's where you're wrong Claire; everything you do is of interest to me, if that makes me a bastard, then so be it."

His lips swooped down on hers, crushing the protests bubbling from her lips. Claire tried to turn her head to escape his plundering lips, but his hands reached up and locked her in place. His tongue moved insistently along the seam of her lips, not asking but demanding entrance into her mouth. With a groan, Claire felt her body betraying her; her lips seemed to part of their own accord. Jason took possession, his tongue stabbing inside to claim the victory.

Jason moved his hands from her face and slid them down to her hips. He gripped her bottom, pulling her almost roughly against him, leaving little doubt as to how excited he was. Claire's own hands locked around his neck, bringing her body into even closer contact with his hard contours, desperate to feel his heat everywhere. Jason's hand slid back up her body and continued on until it was cupping her breast.

She arched her back as Jason lowered his head to suck her nipple through the fabric of her dress and bra. Heat exploded inside her; the cool feel of the wet fabric against her nipple was almost more erotic than being nude. Dimly in the background the voice in her head was screaming in protest; her body, however, was burning in need and the voice was easily overlooked. She couldn't remember why she was angry with him; she could only focus on the need building inside her.

Claire's hands lowered to the buckle of Jason's belt, and soon had it open; the snap of his jeans was next. Jason slid his hands up her thighs bunching the material of the short dress around her waist. He gripped the flimsy material of her panties, and she felt them give on the side sliding down her legs. Quickly kicking them off her feet, Claire moaned as Jason's hands slid between her legs and into the drenching heat within.

She was wet and ready, her need for him so obvious that it should have been embarrassing. The approving groan from Jason made her forget that thought. She basked instead in the answering excitement she felt rippling through him as his body shuddered with arousal. As if unable to hold back any longer, Jason quickly stepped out of his jeans and leaned back against the wall. He lifted her and lowered her onto him, filling her completely.

Claire wrapped her legs around his waist. Her head fell back, and Jason kissed his way up to her neck as he pumped into her. Her body almost immediately crested an orgasm. Claire screamed and convulsed around him, her orgasm seeming to be never ending as he continued to slide in and out of her. Jason grabbed her tightly walking over to a chair, careful to keep them connected. He sat down, arranging her legs on either side of his as he continued to pump into her. He took one nipple into his mouth, sucking while his other hand roamed her body.

She thought she might faint, so great was the pleasure rushing through her. The room was filled with the sounds of their labored breathing and moans of pleasure. Jason used this new position to his advantage, and his hands seemed to be everywhere at once. He stroked her cl*t and Claire felt what little strength she had leave her completely. Jason took her h*ps and moved her up and down on his length, driving them both towards completion.

Claire didn't think it was even possible to have an orgasm stronger than the last, she found that she was very wrong. The pressure in her body suddenly exploded white hot, pushing a scream from her that was quickly echoed and swallowed by Jason's mouth. Claire felt him reach his own release, and she fell limply against him, all coherent thought completely gone.

Dimly, she was aware of him separating their bodies, and then she was lying on something soft as Jason curled around her back, his arm resting against her stomach. The last thought in Claire's mind before she drifted away was that there was truly a thin line between love and hate.

~~

Claire awoke sometime later, disoriented as she looked around the unfamiliar room. The clock beside the bed glowed showing the hour of 7:00am. Stretching, Claire felt the aches and pains in her body and smiled at the memory of how she'd gotten them. Looking beside her, Claire could make out the indention on the pillow where Jason had lain. That side was now empty and cool to the touch. He had been up for some time.

Suddenly, a memory intruded on her happiness and the evening before came crashing back. Oh God, no! Jason was no better than her father; he had taken over her life. The packaging might be different; the rest was the same. Claire could hear her father's mocking voice in her head as though it was yesterday.

Poor stupid Claire, do you honestly think that you, your mother or your sister would ever survive on your own? You're barely fit to leave the house, everything you do is wrong. I'm left taking care of you bunch of fools. If I can ever even manage to get anyone to marry you, I truly pity them. Not only are you plain, you have a complete lack of intelligence. You and your sister got that from your mother, the only idiot I know bigger than you two. Sure you go on to college now and when you fail, as you will, don't think you can crawl back to me to take care of you.

Claire pulled Jason's pillow against her chest and wept. She cried for herself for probably the first time ever. She cried for the years of torment and abuse at the hands of a man who should have never been a husband or a father. She cried for the loss of her sister who never had a chance to spread her wings and for her mother who stayed as if she deserved no better. Lastly, she cried for the broken hopes and dreams she'd allowed herself to have about Jason.

He seemed so different. In the time she worked for him he praised her work and rarely questioned anything she'd done for him. He always treated everyone with respect, even when there was a problem. She was blindsided by the side of him she'd discovered yesterday. She almost felt like she'd imagined the whole thing; so great was her trust in him.

Maybe she could even find some way to deal with the loan he had engineered on her behalf, since she'd applied for it of her own free will. Contacting Pam and dangling a wealthy new client over her if she terminated Claire was something that she could find no way around. This reeked of something her father would have done. Had her second occupation so embarrassed him that he couldn't imagine himself sleeping with someone who jumped out of a cake? Yet Claire had never found him to be arrogant nor snobbish; quite the opposite actually.

Chapter Twenty

She jerked as she felt a hand on her back. As she pulled herself up, she kept the pillow in front of her for coverage and attempted to wipe the tears from her face. Jason looked at her with concern in his blue eyes.

"Claire, baby, I've some news for you, and I need you to stay calm," began Jason. Claire wasn't sure what she'd been expecting him to say, but this was not it. Her eyes flew to his face, alarm starting to take over.

"What... What's wrong?"

He took both of her hands in his as if to brace her, "Baby; it's your mother; she's been taken to the hospital."

"Wha...What? No, that can't be right, she's at home with Louise."

"I just talked to Suzy; Louise called her. When she couldn't reach you on your cell phone she had Suzy's number that you'd programmed in for her for emergencies and she called her." As her hands started to shake, Jason gripped them tighter and said, "The car is being brought around now, if you can throw some clothes on, we will be out of here within five minutes, and I'll get you to her."

Still stunned, Claire looked at him almost in shock and asked, "What happened to her?"

"From what Suzy could gather, she passed out and Louise couldn't get her to wake up. Suzy is on her way there now and will give us an update when she knows something. Baby, let me help you get dressed; you're in shock."

Claire let him lead her around like a child. For one time in her life she was grateful to have someone take care of her. Jason pulled a top and pants from her bag as well as undergarments and began putting the fresh clothes on her. By the time he was finished, a valet had arrived and the room was quickly packed up. Their suitcases were taken down and packed away in the car. Before Claire could even catch her breath, they were on the road leaving Charleston and headed for the hospital. Jason reached over and curled his fingers around hers, shooting her worried glances from time to time.

"Are you alright?" He asked with concern.

"I wish I knew what happened, she's been good lately, better than usual. I would have never left if I'd believed anything could possibly happen to her. Louise must be so scared; I have to get to them Jason; I have to."

"We're going as fast as I dare; I promise we will be there soon." Jason pulled his cell phone from his pocket and passed it over to her. "Why don't you try to call Suzy? Maybe she's found out something by now? If she's with Louise, you could speak to her as well."

With an audible breath, Claire dialed Suzy and prayed she would answer. "Hello?"

"Suz, it's me, are you at the hospital yet? Do you know what's going on?" asked Claire urgently.

"I just had to threaten that old witch at the nurse's station, but I finally got a few answers. They're still doing tests but sweetie, they think she might have had a stroke. They're also trying to rule out other things, but that seems to be the strong contender at this point. She's awake but much sedated. That's all I know."

"A stroke... How could that happen? She just had a checkup, and they said everything was fine."

"Sweetie sometimes they just happen; I don't think they can predict them. Louise is here beside me now; I'm going to pass you to her. I'll hold down the fort, be careful."

The sound of Louise's voice brought Claire to tears once again. "Honey I'm so sorry; I don't know what happened to Evelyn. We were walking to the kitchen to have some breakfast, and she seemed just fine. Suddenly, she stopped and I looked back to see what was keeping her. She had a funny look on her face and when I reached out to take her arm, she just crumbled to the floor. I didn't even have time to break her fall, it was so sudden. I tried to wake her up for a few minutes, and then I got my wits together and called 911. She never woke up Claire, why didn't she wake up? I rode in the ambulance with her, and they said she still had a strong heartbeat, and that I should relax and let them do their job. I just want to see her to know she's ok."

Claire could hear the tears in her voice much as she could feel her own. She tried to compose herself, to be strong for Louise. "It's going to be ok. I'm on my way and I'll be there soon, and we will find out what's going on. Please stay calm, I know you did everything you could. I'm sorry I wasn't there for you."

"Oh honey, you don't worry about that, you can't plan things; it would have happened just as easily with you at your apartment or at work so don't be thinking that. I love you, and I'll see you when you get here."

She softly clicked to end the call and handed the phone back to Jason. As she felt his hand return to hers, all the reasons she was mad at him seemed to pale. She knew that she would have to end what was between them soon; she would think of that later, right now she needed to feel loved even if it was all a lie.

~~~~

Jason clasped Claire's hand again, trying to infuse some of his strength into her. She looked so pale and fragile. He knew from Claire that her mother had many health problems and even though he would never admit it to her, he was very much afraid that this was something serious.

This crisis had delayed what he was sure would have been another big blow up this morning between them. He wasn't naive enough to believe that just because they had sex, mind blowing sex actually, that it was over. When she confronted him last night with that damn folder, he had suddenly been deadly afraid of losing her and whatever they had between them. It wasn't that he didn't want a serious relationship, there had just never been anyone with whom he felt the need to pursue one with; until now.

Claire, to put it mildly, had knocked him on his ass. He wanted to be with her, missed her when she wasn't around and desired her like he had never desired another woman. The need for her hadn't lessened; if anything it had intensified each time they were together. She was a constant ache that he never seemed to be able to rid himself of. He only truly felt at peace when she was lying in his arms. He couldn't pinpoint the exact moment when he knew he loved her, it was just there.

With that love also came certain fears; fear of losing her, fear of not being loved in return, fear of uncharted territory. Jason spent his life making problems go away; he solved them in business, he solved them for his parents and for Ella. He couldn't understand how he had so offended Claire. She couldn't honestly want to shoulder the burden when he could make it all go away. He wanted to take care of her, wanted her to have no worries.

He would see that her mother got the best treatment available, and if she wanted to remain in her home, he would have it repaired and hire someone to live with her. Possibly, he had overstepped the bounds a bit by talking with Pam, but surely she would see that it was all for her. The realization that he loved her made him never want to see another tear in her eyes.

Chapter Twenty One

Claire was relieved to see they were now close to home. Jason had broken every speed limit, and they arrived at the hospital faster than Claire could have dared hope. She'd used the drive to compose herself; she needed to be strong for her mother and for Louise.

Jason led her to the emergency section of the hospital where they found Louise and Suzy sitting side by side with hands clasped. Claire rushed forward, and Suzy stood to greet her. "Hey guys, have you heard anything new?" She asked anxiously.

Louise rose and took her hand. "The doctor just talked to us. He's certain now that Evelyn had a stroke. Her speech has been affected and there's some facial drooping. He says she's stable now, but it will be several days before they can really assess the extent of the damage."

She felt Jason's arm go around her for support and was grateful to lean into him. "When can I see her?"

"We don't know yet; we haven't been able to get a straight answer on that," said Suzy.

Jason moved Claire to a chair and lowered her into it. "Let me see what I can find out, ladies; I'll be right back."

Claire, Louise and Suzy all sat close together; hands clasped. Suzy looked at Louise and then at Claire and said, "Claire, I've been trying to convince Louise to let me drop her at home for some rest. She's been here for hours, and I know she's tired."

"No, you don't worry about me; I'm not going anywhere until one of us gets to see Evelyn and knows she's ok," said Louise. Claire knew by the stubborn set of her mouth that trying to talk to her was pointless.

"Suz, thanks for calling and coming here, I felt so much better knowing Louise wasn't alone."

"It's no problem; some of these doctors are complete studs. I might start hanging out here in my spare time. Can you see me as a doctor's wife? Maybe a plastic surgeon so I can get some really big knockers, right?" Claire and Louise both burst out laughing.

Leave it to Suzy to find a way to lighten the mood. Jason walked down the hall at that exact moment and raised a brow as he looked at them. "Ok ladies, fess up; am I the cause of the laughter?" Still smiling Jason took the seat beside Claire and automatically linked his hand with hers. A move noticed by both Louise and Suzy.

"Nope, sorry, we can laugh at you later though if you don't want to feel left out," said Suzy.

Claire turned to him, "Did you find out anything?"

"Unless there's a problem, they're going to move her out to ICU from emergency in about an hour. After she's moved, they'll allow one person at a time to go back for no more than ten minutes until visiting hours end at eight."

"Hey cool," said Suzy. "That's a good sign that they plan to move her. Why don't we all go down and grab something to drink and maybe a bite for Ms. Louise here?" Despite Louise's protests, they all went to the cafeteria and bought coffee and sandwiches.

Even though she was trying to put on a brave front, Claire was terrified inside. Would her mother be able to recover with all the other health problems she had in addition to the stroke? As if sensing how she was feeling, Jason lifted a hand to rub along her back, soothing her tight muscles. Suzy made an effort to keep everyone entertained as Claire kept a close check on her watch wanting to be back for her visit with her mother.

Louise took the time to quiz Jason on everything she could think of. She seemed to give him her unofficial seal of approval by the time they were finished. Jason rose a few moments later, and they emptied their tray and went to the ICU unit. After checking with the nurse's station, Claire was given her mother's room number and reminded again that she could only visit for ten minutes. With a squeeze of her hand for encouragement, Jason released her and escorted Suzy and Louise to the waiting room while she went down the hall to locate her mother's room.

~~~

Claire came to a stop and her hand flew to her mouth when she saw her mother. She seemed to be covered with wires and tubes. She had a tube in her mouth and her arms and hands both had IVs taped into place. There were wires peeping from the top of her hospital gown as well. A nurse was standing beside of the bed, checking her pulse rate and recording her vitals.

She walked slowly forward, trying to get her emotions under control. The nurse turned and gave her a warm smile. "Hi there, I'm just finishing up here. My name is Glenda, and I'll be your mother's nurse so you will see me a lot. Are you Ms. Walter's daughter?"

"Yes... Yes, I am. I'm Claire Walters. How... How is she doing? Should there be this many things connected to her?"

"It's pretty normal for a stroke victim. The doctor will assess her daily, and she'll be gradually removed from some of the monitors as she improves. I know it looks really scary, but it's normal at this point," assured Glenda.

"Has she been awake recently?"

"Not since she's been moved here. They have her sedated. It can be very confusing and upsetting for someone who suffered a stroke to be faced with any speech or movement issues so soon afterwards. The doctors want to make sure they're on hand, and that they have a good idea of what they're looking at before they risk the patient possibly doing further injury to themselves in a state of panic."

"Do they believe then that she'll have permanent damage as a result of the stroke?"

"Oh no, it's really too soon to tell. Your mother may have problems that resolve themselves over time. Whatever point she's at, it will improve to some level. It's too soon to speculate though so I'm just going to finish my rounds and let you have your visit. Please ask for me at the nurse's station if you have any problems, each of my patients becomes my family, and I believe in taking care of family." Claire was really touched by the sincerity she heard in Glenda's voice, and she thanked her as she quietly closed the door on her way out.

She tentatively walked to her mother's side, her heart pounding as each step brought her closer. She gently touched her hand, careful of causing the IV to move. Oh mom, you didn't deserve this. After all you have gone through in your life was it too much to ask for some happiness? I'm sorry I wasn't here for you. I promise we will get you what you need. You will get better, God, please don't let me lose my mommy.

Claire felt tears rolling down her cheeks and brushed them away, almost surprised to feel them. She placed her lips gently against her mother's forehead and whispered "I love you." Claire knew her ten minutes were long since over and that Louise would want to visit before visiting hours ended. When she had composed herself once again, Claire located the ICU waiting room and looked at the anxious faces there waiting for her.

Jason walked over to slide his arm around her shoulders as she relayed the information that Glenda had given her. Suzy offered to walk Louise down to her mother's room. Jason led her to a chair and took the one beside her. "How are you? What can I do to help you right now?"

Gripping his hand, Claire turned to him, "She just looked so still and there were so many things connected to her. Is she going to be okay Jason, is she?"

"Shhhh, it's going to be ok; we will get her everything she needs. If she's anything like you, then she's very strong and that will help her more than anything. You need to get some rest so you can be strong for her."

"When Suzy and Louise come back, we all need to go home for the night. I want you to stay with me; I don't think you should be alone."

"No, I need to stay with Louise; she shouldn't be by herself right now."

"I meant for her to stay as well; I've plenty of room, and my house is closer to the hospital."

When Suzy and Louise arrived, Claire talked to Louise about the overnight arrangements. "Oh no honey, my sister Janet is going to stay with me at the house. I hope you don't mind, but I would just feel better being there to keep an eye on the place, and well; it's my home. Suzy said she would drop me off on her way home."

"That's fine Louise, you know I don't mind, and I understand." Claire thanked Suzy and gave her a hug.

Chapter Twenty Two

Jason guided her out the door and settled her back into his car. A very short ride later, he turned into a long driveway surrounded by trees. Curious as to where he lived, Claire was surprised to see a beautiful two-story craftsman style home. Jason pulled into the garage and walked around to help her out. He pointed towards a door on the far wall and said, "I normally go in that door which leads into the kitchen. We will use the front entrance though so that your first view of the house isn't my messy kitchen." With a smile, Claire followed as Jason led her down a flagstone walkway that curved from the garage to the front of the house.

Lights illuminated the landscape and the stunning timber peaks that framed a huge glass door. Green plants in pots gleamed against the beautiful backdrop. Jason took her arm as he led her up the steps and inserted his key into the lock.

Jason opened the door and ushered her in before him. Claire blinked as light suddenly flooded the entryway and the living area beyond. She was immediately drawn to the tall soaring ceilings with exposed beams and recessed lighting. A large modern chandelier was suspended in the middle of the ceiling giving off a soft glow. The entire front of the room was a wall of windows with a stunning view of the Atlantic Ocean taking center stage.

A fireplace surrounded by built-in cabinets flanked one wall, giving the room two distinct focal points. A comfortable looking brown leather sofa and matching wingback chairs were placed on an area rug. Beautiful oak flooring gleamed brightly under the light. Jason looked strangely nervous as he waited for her reaction.

"Jason, it's beautiful; I've never seen a house like this before, and I love it."

A smile lit up his face as if she'd just praised his child. "I designed this house and had it built. I spent so long trying to decide exactly what I wanted in a home, somewhere I would want to live forever. I put every room together piece by piece."

With a sheepish look, he said, "This house has been home since the moment I stepped inside when it was finished. I'm so glad you like it. I used to live in the penthouse above our floor at the office but now that's usually only for visitors unless I'm just too tired to drive here. Let me show you the rest and then I'll fix a quick dinner."

Jason led her towards an opening to the left, and Claire entered a large, airy kitchen in a pale taupe color. A huge island dominated the center of the room with the kitchen cabinets and granite countertops running the length of the back wall. A breakfast nook was situated at another wall of glass, the beautiful view from the ocean clearly visible here as well. The kitchen island held a loaf of bread, a plate and some fresh fruit. Claire found it endearing to imagine Jason actually fixing his own meals without a housekeeper to help.

A staircase leading to the second floor was just off the kitchen, and Jason gave her a quick tour of two bedrooms. One of the rooms was being used as an office and the other a guest bedroom. Each had a bath attached. The oak floors continued upstairs as well as the taupe color on the walls.

They returned downstairs where Jason showed her a formal dining room with seating for ten and a beautiful buffet piece on the wall behind it. A round window showed a view of the front yard of the house. Going back through the living area, Jason went down a hallway and opened a door to a guest bath before continuing to the master bedroom.

If she thought the living area was breathtaking, the bedroom made it pale in comparison. After entering through a large sitting area with pale blue walls Claire thought to herself, now this is the rich guy's man cave. A huge flat-panel television was hung above a fireplace, and a wall of windows continued here as well. A comfortable sofa and armchairs created a seating area that just begged to be enjoyed. Bookcases covered the opposite wall and were filled completely.

The bedroom was located on the other side of the wall, and the double sided fireplace served both rooms. The bed was a huge four poster made of rich cherry with a comfortable looking lighter blue comforter and pillows adorning it. Claire was happy to see that Jason hadn't made his bed; somehow that made him seem more human. Whereas the rest of the home had a casual elegance, the bedroom and the sitting room decor were truly comfortable and homey feeling.

"You missed your calling, why aren't you an architect? You could certainly be very successful because this house is amazing. It's simply beautiful," Claire enthused.

Jason looked very happy and relieved at her statement. "I'm so happy you like it; I want you to feel comfortable here."

Coming over to take her hand, Jason said, "Claire if you feel like you need some space, you're more than welcome to use the guestroom. I would like you here with me in my bed but I'm not going to pressure you, it's completely your decision, and I'll respect it."

Touched by the sincerity in his voice, Claire reached up and pulled his head down to hers, lowering her lips softly against his for a brief kiss. "I want to be with you; I need to be near you tonight."

Jason pulled her tightly against him, her head resting on his shoulder. "I need it too. I just want to feel you in my arms, no pressure to make love. I'm going to get our suitcases out of the car. I wouldn't mind having a quick shower before dinner, and you probably feel the same way. If you want to take the master bath, I'll use the one upstairs."

He gave her a kiss on the forehead then released her and pointed towards the bathroom door. The master bath was as beautiful as the rest of the house. A huge marble whirlpool tub dominated one corner of the room, with a separate shower stall and a double sink with a granite top vanity. Claire wrinkled her nose as she inspected her appearance. She looked pale, tired and rumpled. A hot shower was just what she needed to feel human again.

Claire stripped off and slid into the shower. She sighed in pleasure as the spray of the water eased some of the tension in her shoulder. She reached for Jason's shampoo and lathered her hair and rinsed. Twenty minutes later, she felt like a different person. She located a hair dryer under the vanity and was soon looking for her suitcase. Claire found that Jason had left it right outside for her. The only nightgown she'd packed was a bit dressy, but she didn't feel like changing back into clothes.

She pulled the long Lilac silk gown over her head, grateful she'd thought to pack the matching robe as well. She belted it tightly around her waist and then pulled a hair clip from her bag and secured her hair in a loose knot at the nape of her neck.

Claire opened the bedroom door and was met with the smell of something delicious. She followed her nose to the kitchen and found Jason at the stove with a kitchen towel thrown over his shoulder and a frying pan in his hand. He had also opted for something casual and wore a pair of low riding blue lounge pants and a South Carolina Gamecocks t-shirt.

She'd seen Jason in expensive suits and in jeans but this was the look that seemed to suit him best. He didn't look like a rich business owner even with the opulent surroundings; he simply looked like someone you could depend on, someone you could love. Whoaaaa girl, where did that come from? You sleep with a guy a couple of times, and suddenly you're picking out china and writing his name on your notebook?

Fatigue had apparently affected her more than she realized. She was feeling fragile and entirely too needy where Jason was concerned. It was hard to remember twenty-four hours ago; she was livid at him, ready to pack her bags and never look back. As if in mutual agreement, that subject hadn't been brought up even though Claire knew it was just on hold and not forgotten.

Jason had been wonderful today, and his support had felt so good. She rarely had anyone to lean on anymore. She did have Suzy, who would do anything for her, but somehow it wasn't the same. The issues with Jason were far from over and had to be addressed as soon as she had the strength to do it. For now, there was comfort in this moment, pretending that someone loved her.

"I hope you like omelets; it's the specialty of the house."

"I love them. It sounds wonderful. I'm impressed at how at home you seem in the kitchen. I figured you for a takeout kind of guy," laughed Claire.

"Don't be too impressed, I've limited abilities. After awhile, it gets very old to eat out every night. I'm not going to lie; I do have a housekeeper who comes in a couple of times a week and takes care of the grocery shopping and cleaning. If left to my own devices, there would probably be nothing but chips and beer in the kitchen and dirty clothes trickling through the doorways."

Jason set two plates and glasses in front of the bar stools at the island along with orange juice. Claire poured them both a glass of juice and walked over to the window to look out at the dark ocean. "You must love being able to see this view from almost every room in the house; it's so relaxing."

With a smile, Jason said, "I've always loved the ocean. It's one of the reasons I've never moved Danvers even though there have been many offers and opportunities. We'd probably grow at a faster pace located elsewhere, but I couldn't bring myself to leave this area; it's home. I think Charleston is a great place, and I enjoyed growing up there, but Myrtle Beach is where my heart is."

Jason slid a delicious looking omelet onto her plate. Drinking her juice, Claire waited for him to finish his omelet so that they could eat together. A few moments later, he was settled in next to her, and she dug in as if she were starving. Claire was embarrassed to find that she'd completely cleaned her plate, and Jason was watching her with an amused expression in those beautiful blue eyes. "Guess I was hungrier than I realized."

"You have barely had anything to eat today. Would you like me to make you another one?"

"Oh no, I'm full now; you're a great cook." Jason finished his own and took their plates to the dishwasher. Looking at the wall clock, Claire was surprised to see that it was almost midnight. As if on cue, a big yawn escaped her mouth as fatigue firmly settled in. Jason took her hand and used his other to switch off the lights as they walked back to the bedroom.

Jason stripped off his shirt and left his lounge pants on. Claire went into the bathroom to brush her teeth and left her robe on the hook next to his. Jason took his turn in the bathroom, and she climbed into the bed on the side he indicated. With another yawn, she closed her eyes to rest for a few minutes until he returned.

Suddenly, she felt an arm going around her, and she was being pulled against a hard chest, her head resting in the crook of Jason's shoulder. She allowed herself to melt against him, and soon settled into a dreamless sleep, secure in the strong arms that held her through the night.

~~~

Sometime later, as the sun was just starting to rise over the ocean, Jason turned her in his arms and made slow, mind-blowing love to her. Every time they were together seemed to burn hotter than the last. Jason brought her to heights that she'd never dreamed existed. After collapsing against him in complete satisfaction, she felt Jason's warm mouth against her forehead. His hands stroking her back and hair with such tenderness it brought tears to her eyes.

"Honey I hate to but I have to go into the office for awhile this morning. I'm going to call a car to pick me up so that you may use mine today. Do you think you know the way to the hospital from here?"

"I... I'm not sure; can you leave me some directions?"

"Of course, I'll write them down and leave them in the kitchen. Make yourself at home; anything I have is yours as well. I'll come to the hospital when I can get free, but if you need me at all just call, okay?"

After another kiss, he quickly showered and dressed. As soon as he was gone, Claire called the hospital and was told that her mother's doctor would be making his rounds at nine. She quickly dressed and found the directions in the kitchen along with a beautiful flower that Claire suspected Jason had pulled from the front flowerbed. Claire put it to her nose to inhale the sweet fragrance and then grabbed her purse along with the directions that Jason had left. She locked the door behind her and settled into Jason's Mercedes.

The difference between his car and her poor Toyota was like night and day. Even though Daisy was dependable, she'd lost her beauty long ago and luxury was never part of the package. The seats in Jason's car were buttery soft, and all the gadgets made her wish she had time to explore each of them. She easily followed his directions, and the hospital was indeed not far from his home at all. Claire hoped and prayed that the doctor would have encouraging news for her today.

Chapter Twenty Three

When Claire entered the ICU wing of the hospital, she spotted her mother's nurse Glenda at the nurse's station. Glenda looked up as she approached and gave her a warm smile. "Good morning Ms. Walters, how are you today?"

"Good morning Glenda, I'm good. How are you?"

"I'm busy, busy as usual, but I wouldn't have it any other way. Your mother had a good, restful night last night and is awake this morning. She's confused as to what's happened to her and where she is, which is normal. I think she'll be relieved to see a familiar face." Glenda came around the corner of the nurse's station and pulled her to the side. "Dr. Mauldin will be around soon and will discuss the specifics of your mother's case with you. I want to prepare you for what I've noticed this morning when checking on her. Your mother has obvious speech difficulty; there's some drooping evident on her face and also some problems gripping with her left hand. Now this isn't unusual with a stroke, and I'm not trying to scare you, I just wanted you to be prepared so that you don't panic in front of your mother."

Claire swallowed hard and drew a deep breath. "Thank you Glenda, I really appreciate you letting me know." With a motherly pat on the shoulder, Glenda went back to the nurse's station, and Claire put on a brave face and entered her mother's room.

Her eyes were closed, and she appeared to be resting. Claire studied her intently, looking for signs of what Glenda had indicated. Her mother appeared perfectly normal in sleep, so peaceful that it was hard to believe she'd had a recent stroke. Claire pulled a chair up to the side of the bed and gently reached over to take her hand. Had she ever really noticed how beautiful her mother was?

With so many years spent with an overbearing husband who literally dominated a room, her mother had seemed to fade into the background. Claire now realized that this was her way of coping and also of protecting herself from his wrath. When she thought back through the years, Claire found it hard to remember one instance where she knew what her mother was wearing or how she looked.

All those years living with him had literally made her into a ghost who barely existed against the backdrop of his constant anger and ridicule. She had so little time to recover after he had died before she was stricken with Alzheimer's. In the end, Claire felt that not only had he broken her spirit long ago; he had also broken her mind. Really seeing her today for the first time, Claire wept inside for the beautiful person both inside and out who had never been strong enough to make the break that she needed to survive.

Maybe part of her should feel anger towards her mother for not leaving her father and taking her and Chrissie away from the abuse they'd all endured for so long. She simply was not strong enough to survive the fallout this would have caused. Thoughts of Jason surfaced as she thought of the liberties he had taken in her life without consulting her. Did her father start out that way, taking over areas of her mother's life until he controlled every aspect of it? A sick feeling settled in the pit of her stomach. Would looking at her mother soon be like looking in a mirror?

A knock sounded at the door and a handsome older man in blue scrubs and a white lab coat walked into the room. With a hand extended towards her he said, "I'm Dr. Mauldin, and I'll be handling your mother's care while she's here." Claire shook his hand and introduced herself. He walked to the bedside and studied the chart he had brought in with him.

"I understand your mother rested well last night but appears to be showing some stroke-related symptoms. There are times when the stroke is mild and very minor, temporary symptoms are detected. Other times when the stroke is more severe, symptoms are greater and long-term or permanent. Where your mother will end up in this scenario only time will tell. Even though it's still early in this process, I would put your mother closer to the moderate to severe category."

"Does that mean she won't improve? Of course not, what it does mean is that the road will be longer and the need for rehabilitation much greater. It's possible the damage could be less severe than I predict but based on her symptoms thus far, you need to be prepared for what lies ahead."

Claire felt what hope she had slowly begin to die. The look on Dr. Mauldin's face clearly showed the gravity of the situation. At that moment, Claire felt her mother's hand move in her own as her eyes opened, and she slowly looked around the room. Claire forced a smile on her face as her mother focused on her. "Ch...Ch...Ris..." Claire's heart fell. It wasn't unusual for her mother to mistake her for her dead sister; it was the apparent struggle of her trying to form the word that was the most heart breaking. The terror and frustration were evident in her eyes as she looked at Claire.

Dr. Mauldin stepped forward and took her mother's arm. "Mrs. Walters, I'm Dr. Mauldin, and you're in the hospital. You had a stroke yesterday and were brought here. I know you're confused right now and probably a little scared. We're going to take care of you. Just take your time when trying to speak or move for a bit. A stroke can make things more difficult for awhile and what's normally so easy may be harder." He continued on in a patient, soothing voice, "we're going to run some tests on you in the next few days. You will get so sick of seeing me that you will be trying to lock me out, but we're going to be a great team, you and I. I'm stopping all previous medications except for the insulin, and we will slowly see what needs to be added back or changed. You will tell me what you're feeling and what you need, and I'll do my best to make it happen. I work right here in this hospital so if you need me anytime you have one of the nurses give me a call. I take care of my own, and you're one of them now, okay?"

Claire was moved at the obvious sincerity in Dr. Mauldin's voice. She could tell that her mother was also soothed by his promises, and some of the panic eased out of her eyes. "Now I'm going to go set up some tests for later this morning and let you and your daughter have a chance to visit. If it's ok, I'll call you Evelyn from this point; we're going to be good friends before this is over." Her mother nodded her head in agreement, and Dr. Mauldin left them alone.

Claire looked down at her mother and said, "Mom, you're going to be okay; I know you're scared but please believe we will get you the help you need."

Tears started to flow from her mother's eyes as she said, "Cl...Ai..Re." Somehow just hearing her mother managing to say her name after several attempts was one of the sweetest and saddest moments of her life.

"Mom, please just try to rest now and build your strength back up. You heard Dr. Mauldin say they're doing tests today so they'll know how best to help you."

"Soo..rr..y.....N..ot...G...ood...M.o....m."

It took her a few seconds to figure out what her mother was trying to say to her. "Mom! Why would you say that? This isn't your fault and it sure doesn't make you a bad mother. I love you very much, and you being sick will never change that." As her own tears began to flow despite her best efforts to hold them back, Claire reached down to brush the tears away from her mother's cheeks.

"Di..d..no..t...s..av.e....my....baa..bie..s." In that moment Claire knew exactly what she was referring to. Even after he was gone, the presence of her father lingered heavily in the room alive in both her mother's and Claire's memory.

The abuse she received at the hands of her father would never leave her, but she'd managed to make a life for herself. Her mother, however, had never really had that reprieve. She moved from the prison of living with an abusive husband to the prison of Alzheimer's and now those walls were once again closing in around her. Regret and something close to shame were clearly reflected in the depths of her eyes.

"Mom, the past is over. Daddy made you a prisoner, but now you're free and you deserve to be happy and enjoy your life. I realize that you spent most of your life trying to deflect his anger onto you and away from us." Claire leaned down and put her arms around her mother as best she could, and they stayed like that until the door opened.

"Can anyone join in this hug?"

Claire saw Louise smiling in the doorway and held out a hand to her. "Group hug then." Claire insisted that Louise take the one chair in the room, and she stood near the window. "How did you get here this morning? I was going to call and see if you wanted me to pick you up."

"My sister dropped me on her way to play bingo," laughed Louise. "You know nothing can keep her from getting in there and hoping for the big payoff."

Claire noticed her mother looked much better since Louise arrived. She'd been part of their lives for so long that she was like a sister and maybe a bit of a mother to them both. Claire could tell that Louise brought the same calming influence to her mother that she always did. Soon, she was trying to smile along with them as they joked and tried to lighten the mood.

~~~

Glenda arrived around eleven and wheeled her mother off for her first round of tests. Louise said she was going to the restroom and to stretch her legs for a bit. Claire decided to go to the waiting room and find some magazines to pass the time. As she neared the nurse's station she was surprised to see Jason deep in conversation with Dr. Mauldin.

Jason spotted her and walked over to give her a hug. "Hi there, how is your mom doing today?"

"Umm, pretty good. When did you get here?"

"A few moments ago," said Jason. "I met Tom on my way in, and we were catching up. We both serve on some of the same charities and have known each other for years. Your mother couldn't be in better hands. I told Tom that your mother was to have whatever she needs so don't worry about anything."

Claire felt her spine stiffen. She gave Dr. Mauldin a tight smile and turned to Jason. "May I talk to you privately for a moment please?"

Obviously puzzled by her behavior, Jason replied, "Sure. Tom it was great to see you again. I'm sure we will talk soon."

Jason steered her down the hall and stepped out a side door into a small courtyard. When he attempted to put his arms around her, she stiffened and pushed away. "Jason, why were you discussing my mother's medical care with her doctor?"

Still looking confused, he said, "As I mentioned, Tom and I are friends, and I wanted him to know that your mother could afford to have any care that she might need. Doctors have their hands tied these days getting insurance companies to approve adequate care for their patients, and I don't want this to be the case with your mother; I know how important she is to you."

"Jason, I appreciate the fact that you'd care, but I need to make these decisions. I realize that you're somewhat in the know about my mother's financial situation; however, I must be completely informed so that I can make the necessary judgments concerning her care. I can't promise the hospital or the doctor that I can give them a blank check for whatever they deem necessary; we're not rich. I can, however, start making arrangements as soon as the doctor discusses options with ME."

"Honey, you don't have to worry about looking at options. I'm perfectly happy to pay for whatever your mother might need. You don't need the additional stress of thinking about money while you're worrying about your mother. Claire I've the money, and I would like nothing better than to help you. I'm not trying to take over here, but I do want your mother to have every opportunity to recover," assured Jason.

"I know that you feel like you're helping, and I do appreciate it, but she's my mother Jason, and I need to make the decisions. Please let me handle this, and I would appreciate it if you'd not discuss my mother's case with her doctor without my knowledge."

Jason was temporarily at a loss for words. "Claire, I've obviously upset you, which was not my intention. Tom asked me who I was seeing at the hospital which brought up the conversation of your mother. As I said, I know how important she is to you, and I wanted to make sure you didn't have to worry about her getting the help that she needs. I'm sorry if I've upset you, and I'll of course respect your wishes in this." Claire stared into his eyes and saw nothing but sincerity.

Was she overreacting? Was her past relationship with her father coloring everything she did? Still feeling uneasy despite his assurances, Claire knew that the hospital was probably not the best place for a heart to heart talk with him and decided to let the matter drop for now. Soon though, they had to discuss his habit of trying to run her life. He had to understand that she was capable of making her own decisions. Maybe her mother and father started out this way in the beginning; then he had he started taking over small areas of her life until he finally consumed her?

~~~

Boy he royally messed this one up. His conversation with Tom had begun as innocently as he indicated to Claire. His assurance to Tom that he wanted the best for Claire's mother regardless of the cost had gone a little beyond what he had admitted to her. Taking care of people was second nature to him. He never considered himself a nurturing person, he was simply someone who saw a problem or a need and fixed it.

One thing having money, and plenty of it, had taught him was that most everything could be fixed for a price. He wasn't consumed by money and didn't throw it around. He, however, did appreciate the good deeds that he could easily do because of it. Growing up as he had obviously colored his views of relationships. Whatever he had with Claire now was the closest he had ever been to a committed relationship, and he was committed to her, more than she would be comfortable knowing.

He needed her; he burned for her, and he longed for the taste of her. He stayed in an almost constant start of arousal now. If she walked into the room, he was hard within minutes. Each time he thought he had sated his hunger for her, but it only burned brighter. She was a witch, and he was completely under her spell. It wasn't just the sex though that held him spellbound; it was Claire, the person, as well.

He loved that she worried about everyone around her but never herself. He loved how she sucked her lower lip into her mouth when she was deep in thought, he loved how his house had felt like a home with her inside, and he loved her independence even though he didn't know how to handle it and seemed to screw up at every turn.

How could you explain to a woman that you'd practically been born taking care of people? He often thought his mother had decided to have a child simply to have someone to solve all her problems at any time of the day or night. He had never been a child though, he had been the go-to man since he was old enough to walk and talk. Hell, he still spent a good part of his time solving his mother's problems.

After almost losing Claire over the loan at work and the loss of her job at Partiez Plus, he told himself he would never again interfere in her life, but he had stumbled again today. His need to protect her was taking over with little thought to the consequences. Being involved with someone who seemed to want nothing from him other than, well, just him was something new; and frankly, he didn't know how to act. He was a smart man; surely he could manage to keep it together enough not to ruin the best thing to happen to him.

~~~

Claire walked Jason to the exit door of the hospital where his car was waiting. Jason rarely used a car and driver even though someone in his position could easily afford to. He had assured her that he didn't need his Mercedes and wanted her to keep it. Even though she was still uneasy over their earlier conversation, she promised she was going to run by her apartment that evening to pick up a few things and would return to his house to stay for the night.

Maybe that wasn't the best idea, she felt like she needed time to think about her relationship with Jason. Things seemed to have moved so far, so fast. She would take some extra time this evening when she was at her apartment to think.

Dr. Mauldin made his last round of the day and indicated he would have the test results sometime tomorrow. Her mother was going to start some light rehabilitation as well to keep up her muscle tone. She was still having great difficulty forming her words and also with use of her left arm and hand. Louise's sister had picked her up a few minutes ago, and Claire was preparing to leave with visiting hours ending very soon.

They'd given her mother a light sleeping pill to help her anxiety and ensure she rested well. She seemed to be less confused this afternoon and Claire was very grateful for the patient, encouraging manner of both Dr. Mauldin and Glenda. She knew they were just getting started on a long road but today at least she felt somewhat encouraged that there could be a light somewhere at the end of the tunnel.

Chapter Twenty Four

Claire pulled the Mercedes in beside her Toyota in front of her apartment. Luckily, each apartment was assigned two spaces which Claire rarely needed. As she was getting out of the car, she saw Billy approaching from the other side. With an inward groan, she tried to plaster on a friendly smile. "Hey Billy, how have you been?"

"Hey Claire, no complaints, I'm doing well. Where is your boyfriend?"

"Oh, I'm just picking up a few things; he isn't along this time." Ugh great Claire, why don't you ask him to abduct you next since you admitted to being alone. "He's waiting for me though so I need to run in and pick up a few things and be on my way."

"Are you moving in with him?"

"Oh, I don't know; we haven't made any decisions on that yet."

"Claire, I just wanted to say I was sorry if I scared you before, you know, when I kept asking you out. I admit; Billy did have kind of a crush on you, and I hoped we could get together but since your boyfriend came and talked to me and told me how I was scaring you, well old Billy was just embarrassed."

Claire was trying not to smile at Billy's continued use of himself in the third person when his words started to sink in. "What're you talking about Billy? When did you talk to Jason?"

"Well I guess it was the next day after I met you two here. He came to see me and told me I was making you uncomfortable. He was real nice but serious; you know trying to protect his girl. Billy can respect that, being a man and all. Don't you worry at all about your place while you're gone, I'll keep an eye out on things." Somehow managing to say something in parting to Billy, Claire stumbled into her apartment and closed the door.

My God, Jason really has taken over my entire life. What other things were there that she didn't know? Had he contacted everyone she knew to cut her off from the world, just like her father did to her mother? Claire walked into her bedroom and collapsed on the bed; all the hope that Jason was different going out of her.

The signs had all been there; she'd just chosen to ignore them. It felt so good to have someone in her life that genuinely seemed to care about her, someone to lean on for the first time in her life. This was a side of Jason that was completely unexpected. Sure he was dominating in business but most successful men were. He cared about everyone in the company that much was obvious.

To be involved with him though, was to lose her identity, and how long after would the abuse start? Her father hadn't always been someone her mother considered a monster. She probably felt protected and cherished at first until he slowly chipped away at everything she was. Even though her heart was breaking, it was time to walk away from Jason while she still had the strength to do it.

She didn't know how long she'd been lying in the dark when she heard a knock at the door. Oh wonderful, Billy has some more bad news for me. Maybe Jason kicked his dog after threatening him. Wearily getting to her feet, Claire walked to the door and swung it open without checking to see who was on the other side.

Jason stood there, a warm smile on his face. He stepped forward to kiss her lightly on the lips and then walked around her into the apartment seeming not to notice the frozen expression on her face. "I had my driver drop me here. I thought I could help you pack some of your things, and we could stop for dinner on the way home." Suddenly, he stopped to examine her face and the rumpled condition of her clothing. "Were you resting?"

"Jason, I'm not going to your house tonight." She walked over to the side table where he had tossed his keys and handed them to him.

"What's going on? You want to stay here? I guess I could grab a few things from home and come back if that's what you really want."

She tried to draw on her earlier anger to keep the tears in check and said, "I don't want you here either. Whatever this is that we've been doing is over. I know this will make working together impossible, so I'll find another job. Suzy can pick my things up for me at the office."

"Whoa! What the hell are you talking about? I seem to have missed out on something major here. You're breaking up with me because I talked to your mother's doctor today? I know I might have been out of line a bit, but I don't think that's any reason to take this drastic step."

Claire could see the confusion in Jason's eyes and the red flush covering his face. His normal unflappable cool seemed to be deserting him. "It's not just that Jason, it's a series of things like it though. This is best for both of us. I've been controlled almost my entire life; I can't make the mistake of continuing the cycle," replied Claire.

"You're upset over your mother, and you're overreacting. Let's talk about our relationship later when you have calmed down some," said Jason in a soothing voice.

Claire saw red at the patronizing tone of his voice. Anger took control as she yelled "Don't talk to me like I'm an idiot Jason, I know exactly what I'm doing and as for our relationship, we don't have one! We slept together a few times but great sex doesn't mean we're married now!"

Claire sucked in a breath and prepared to deliver the final blow, knowing she was going to have to twist the knife even deeper to get him to leave. "I tried Jason, I really did, but you just aren't my type. I've been seeing someone else that I met at one of the bachelor parties, and I think we're a better fit. I'm not looking for anything serious, you're smothering me," finished Claire with a pitying smile.

Jason stared at her like he had never seen her before. His handsome face went white, completely devoid of color. With a look of pure disgust, he spun on his heel and slammed out her door without uttering a single word in response.

On shaky legs, Claire walked over and locked her door and collapsed on the floor. Sobs ripped from her throat as every piece of her heart shattered into a million pieces. Claire knew that as long as she lived, she would never be whole again. She loved him; maybe the lust that she'd always joked with herself about feeling for him had been love all along. Just knowing she would never see him at the office, never see those blue eyes twinkle when he laughed, never feel his hands on her body bringing her to a frenzied pitch made her want to run after him and beg him to forgive her, but she couldn't.

In ten years or less she would be her mother, and she would rather be alone than love someone so bent on consuming her. As she curled up into a ball on the floor, Claire wondered if she would ever find the strength or will to move again.

~~~

Jason walked to his car in disbelief. He wanted to turn around and go back, to demand to know what was going on but the memory of the cold, remote expression on Claire's face stopped him. Had the things that he thought he was doing to help her been the very things that pushed her away? He didn't believe the bit about her seeing someone else; that just wasn't the way Claire was made. He knew it was his actions alone that had pushed her away and for that he had no answer.

Ironic really, the one time in his life that he let himself depend on another person, get emotionally involved, he was kicked in the stomach and discarded like yesterday's trash. If this was how love ended up making you feel, then he was finished with it. Almost on auto pilot he arrived home and entered a house which seemed to be filled with such promise only this morning.

Chapter Twenty Five

Claire somehow survived the next week. Most of her mother's test results were back, and the news wasn't as promising as she'd hoped but not a worst-case scenario either. Dr. Mauldin didn't feel that another stroke was imminent. The damage sustained from this one was more than likely permanent, and her mother would need months of rehabilitation to learn to cope with the handicaps left behind.

The process would be slow with her Alzheimer's. Dr. Mauldin was convinced that her mother would need to move into a rehabilitation center for awhile rather than trying it on an outpatient basis. Her insurance would cover some of the cost but would still leave a large amount that needed to be paid. Claire walked back out into the waiting room and put her face in her hands. How was she going to cover all the expenses?

She felt a touch on her head and looked up into the concerned eyes of Louise. Louise took one of her hands and said, "Honey, I know you're overwhelmed and trying to decide what to do. If you don't mind an old woman giving you some advice, I would like to tell you something that you don't know."

Her curiosity peaked; Claire waited for her to continue. "Many years ago there were two old women who liked to think ahead. In a house where it wasn't encouraged to think at all, much less make any plans, we did what we could on our own. Your mama always knew you were the strong one. Even back then she sensed at some point you'd be taking care of us all. Your daddy moved everything into your mama's name well before he died. He claimed it was for tax purposes, but I really believe he just wanted to be free and clear, in case he decided to run off with one of those floozies that he loved to hang out with."

Almost choking in surprise, Claire said, "Floozies?"

"Honey there isn't another word for them, and I think you always knew your daddy liked the women. He wanted your mama under his thumb as the status symbol of the happily married man, but he also wanted the wild ones to run with. We told your daddy many times that we were going to the market or some errand, but actually we were meeting my cousin Bill, a lawyer we could trust. Your mama had everything, including the house put into your name years ago. We were really careful to keep it hidden. Your daddy never thought anyone had a brain other than him, so he never really looked hard enough to find out. Honey, that house is worth a lot of money. It may be in disrepair, but it's on prime land and would bring a pretty penny if you sold it. I know you think your mama would never adjust if she left there but it's the opposite really. It's taken me a long time to realize it, but that house has been her prison for so long, she needs to get out. There are so many bad memories there for her that I think she hides inside her mind just to escape them."

Claire could feel her mouth opening and closing with no sounds coming out. "My God, Louise, I'd no idea! Why would she have the house put in my name with Chrissie still alive?"

"Honey we both know your sister wasn't very strong. Now your mama had no idea what would happen to her; she just took steps to protect you girls. She wanted you to be able to sell the house and have the money to take care of you and your sister. She held on there so many years to give that to you."

Tears were rolling down her face as she gripped Louise's hand tightly. "I never knew. I thought she was completely in denial over what was going on. I can't believe you two did all of this on your own and managed to hide it from him; that took a lot of guts."

Louise smiled at her and laughed. "Honey, us old ladies still got a trick or two up our sleeves. Now you find someone to list that house with and set your mama free. She needs a new life and so do you. It's time all those ghosts were laid to rest. Someone else can come in and make a life there, give that place some happy memories."

~~~

Claire talked to her mother that afternoon about everything Louise had told her. She saw a sparkle in her eyes that had never been there before and it looked strangely like pride. It was a strain for her mother to talk, but she managed to confirm her wishes for the house to be sold.

She spent the afternoon arranging for a real estate agent to meet her there the next day. She also called an employment agency and lined up some interviews at the end of the week. If she could find an office job during the day, she could possibly work a weekend job as well when her mother was settled into the rehabilitation center.

Claire took a few moments to check the messages on her cell phone which she'd been ignoring. Julie had left several messages wanting to know why she wasn't working for Partiez Plus any longer. Suzy had also been ringing her phone off the hook so as soon as she was settled at home, she returned her call.

"Girlfriend, you got some explaining to do," said Suzy. "I call and call and you never answer. Are we seeing other friends now or something?"

With a laugh, Claire said, "Nope, you know you're my one and only. It's been crazy here; I've almost lived at the hospital. Thank you for the flowers that you brought to mom, she really loved them. She's the envy of everyone on the floor now."

"I'm glad she liked them. I'm sorry I missed you when I dropped by, I thought I could grill you; um, I mean to feed you."

"Grill me huh? About what?"

With a long, dramatic sigh, Suzy said, "Don't act dumb babe, it's so not you. I know that your love life has hit the skids for some reason. From the looks of Jason, I don't think it's his idea. The man looks like he has been run over by a truck. Candace who has been filling in for you says he never leaves the office. He's there when she gets there and there when she leaves. She suspects he has been sleeping there. I'm even starting to question his bathing habits, ugh. So what gives with you two? And before you even say it, I know I'm nosey as hell but hey, it's part of my charm, right? You seemed so happy with him, what happened?"

"Oh Suz, I wanted him to be something he wasn't," said Claire sadly.

"And what was that?" asked Suzy.

"I wanted him to be the man of my dreams, not the man of my nightmares."

"Babe, I don't get it, was he into freaky stuff or something? He sure doesn't look like the type, although he does look yummy."

"Um Suz, earth to Suz, come back now. What I mean is he's just like my father." Suzy was quiet for so long, Claire wondered if she was still there. Over a bottle of wine one evening, she'd told Suzy all about her years of abuse at the hands of her father.

"Claire, why would you think that?" asked Suzy.

"Remember when I told you Jason tried to loan me money and the fight we had over it? You explained to me that he had helped several people you knew."

"Yeah, so you're still mad about that?"

"No, other things have happened Suz, things I can't get over."

She went on to tell her about the papers she'd found in his briefcase while they were in Charleston, about the incident at the hospital and then finally what Billy had told her.

When she was finished Suzy for once was actually speechless. "Wow, he has been a busy boy hasn't he? He's like a fairy godmother or something isn't he?"

"You see don't you Suz? He's everything I've been running from my whole life. I had to get away, make the break before it was too late."

"Claire, I know you haven't had an easy life, hell, it's pretty much raised its leg and peed right on you. Jason has for sure lost control there a bit, no doubt. Actually, a little bat shit crazy on the giving money away for free but I already thought that. Sweetie, I don't think he's anything like your father. I know he's scaring you by trying to take care of all of your needs before you even know you have them, but I'm telling you, the man has a good heart. Can you honestly say there was an instance when you felt like your father had a good heart? Did you ever feel like he was trying to protect and care for you?"

"No, but Suz, you don't know how my father started off. Abusive people usually escalate over time; they probably don't just go off the deep end immediately. We'd only been together for a short time and really not even in a relationship and look at how he had taken over my life. What would it be like in a month or a year? Would I even recognize myself then?" Claire felt a sob escape from her throat and fought for calm.

Suzy as if sensing how close she was to losing it, took a quieter tone, all joking gone from her voice. "Sweetie, do you know what I think you need to do? I think you need to talk to the one person who can tell you how things started off with your father, your mother. You're still hurting and traumatized from everything you and your family suffered. It would probably do your mother some good to get it out as well."

"Suz, I can't; she isn't up to talking about this, and I can't risk upsetting her."

"Sweetie did you ever stop to think that your mother needs it as much as you do? You have spent these last few years since your father and sister died trying to pretend that nothing bad happened. It's so bottled up inside you that you're ready to explode. Give your mother a chance to be your mom, to be strong for you for once. Go talk to her before you throw away your chance with Jason."

"I... I'll think about it Suz; I will," promised Claire.

"Good because I don't have many more inspirational talks left in me; I'm practically breaking out in hives right now." Despite herself, she laughed long and hard. Claire loved that Suzy always knew when she needed it. "Ok girl, I gotta run, love you and all that stuff." With a click, she was gone. That was Suzy, in like a tornado, out like a tornado.

Chapter Twenty Six

Claire tossed and turned all night, going over and over what Suzy had said. Could she be right about Jason? Was there a good man under the take-charge exterior? Suzy was right; there was only one person who could set her mind at ease. She desperately wanted to talk to her mother but maybe Louise was a good starting point. Louise's sister usually dropped her off for the day around nine, so she rushed to catch her for a cup of coffee before she talked to her mother.

She arrived a little earlier than usual and checked with Glenda at the nurse's station. Her mother rested well and was on her way to morning therapy. Glenda also said that Louise hadn't arrived yet. Claire thanked her and walked to the front entrance to wait for her. In a few moments, she saw a long blue Cadillac pulling in front of the circular drive and Louise getting out of the passenger side. Claire shuddered as the Cadillac took off at a fast clip. She could easily imagine Louise hanging on for dear life as her sister sped through the city.

Louise looked surprised but pleased to see her standing inside the doorway. Louise said, "It's good to see you smiling this morning honey; you have been so quiet this week."

"I know Louise, there's been a lot to take in lately, and I'm just now catching my breath. Mom just went down for her physical therapy, so I thought we could have a cup of coffee if you like?"

There was a small coffee shop located in the hospital that served coffee and cappuccinos as well as various pastries. Claire and Louise both chose a regular coffee and fresh hot cinnamon rolls. They settled into a table at the back of the room with their purchases. The shop was a revolving door of doctors and nurses getting their morning fill of caffeine to start their day.

"Louise, I know we haven't talked about it but what're your plans if we sell the house? You're more than welcome to stay with me. My apartment is on the small side, but I would be happy to have you there," offered Claire.

"You're a sweet child to worry about this old woman but don't. My sister Janet and I've talked, and I plan to move in with her. Her husband has been gone for a long time now. She stays busy with her senior group and bingo, but she's lonely in the house by herself. She's already agreed to bring me to visit Evelyn as often as I want, and we get along well. I want you to promise to come see me though honey. I never had children, I didn't need them. You and Chrissie were always my babies."

Claire felt tears gather in her eyes. For someone who never cried, she never seemed to stop now. "I promise I will and you know I think of you as a mother as well." When they'd both gotten themselves somewhat under control, Claire looked at Louise and said, "I wanted to talk to you about my father. I know you weren't there in the beginning, but I want to know if you ever saw good in him?" Louise looked at her in surprise; sadness etched in the corners of her mouth.

"Honey, I wondered when or if you'd ever be strong enough to ask about him. I know we've mentioned him plenty but we never really talked about him. Your mama and I did though, quite a lot. I think it helped her to have an outlet for her anger. I asked your mama once almost the same question; was he good to her in the beginning and when did it change?

"They met in college, which you know. Your mama said she was quiet and shy back then, kind of a wallflower. Even though we both know from the pictures she was beautiful, still is, she was always more involved in her studies than dating. When your daddy started paying attention to her, she was flattered. All the girls in school were chasing him, and it made her feel special to have someone like him chasing her. She started going out with him, and even though she caught him talking to other girls a lot, he always had an excuse. By that time, she was so in love with him she believed every word he said. He would insult her in front of his friends to embarrass her and then beg her to forgive him later. He always found a way to make it her fault. She caught him quite literally with his pants down with the captain of the cheerleading squad after they'd been going out for a year. He told her it just happened because he didn't think she loved him enough, and he was afraid she would leave him. He proposed right there on the spot, and the innocent that she was believed him.

"Your daddy used love to cover his trail of lies until after they were married. She would threaten to leave him, and he would tell her he couldn't live without her; he would be good for a few weeks, and the cycle would repeat. After she had you girls, she was determined to shield you as much as she could. Your daddy told her if she ever left him, she would never see you and Chrissie again. He was a lawyer with a lot of powerful friends, and they'd never take the side of someone like her against him. She did try Claire; she wanted out. She was so afraid of what would happen if she left. Her greatest fear was that you and Chrissie would be left alone with him. She always tried to make sure he burned out the worst of his anger on her so that nothing was left to be directed at you girls. I honestly think she would have killed him if he ever raised a hand to you. He tried his best to break her, and he assumed that he had long ago; he never did though. She lived for the day you'd all be free and when that finally happened there was no joy in it because Chrissie had been taken. I think she always felt that by wishing for him to be gone, she was responsible for what happened to Chrissie as well. Honey, you both need to talk about it and then move past it. I know that young man of yours would very much like to build a life with you free of ghosts."

Claire looked at her in surprise. "I might be an old woman, but I'm not senile. I saw the way that boy looked at you. I think you'd be surprised to hear what your mama has to say about him too. Why don't you go on back and see if she's in her room now? I'm going to have me another cup of coffee and rest for a minute."

She stood and leaned down to give Louise a hug. "I love you so much; I don't know what I would do without you."

Always strong, Louise gave a suspicious sniff, and said, "I know, now you run along and see your mama; it's long overdue."

~~~

Glenda waved at her and told her that her mother was back in her room now. She was happy to see how much better she was looking each day. Her speech, although still difficult, had improved some. Claire knew that she got frustrated when trying to get the words she needed out, but she was adjusting. "Hey mom, you look pretty today. Did you have a good workout?" Her mother rolled her eyes and smiled. "Louise is here. She's having a cup of coffee before she comes in for a visit. Her sister Janet looks pretty scary behind the wheel of that big car of hers," laughed Claire. Her mother smiled again and reached over on her bedside table to get something. "Mom what's that?"

Her mother tapped her fingers on the front of it, and suddenly a voice said, "A computer." Still confused, Claire walked around to watch her.

Since her right hand and arm hadn't been affected by the stroke, she could type on it. Claire looked at a big keyboard made on a screen that looked like a large tablet computer. "Mom, that's amazing, where did you get it?"

With a hesitant look, her mother typed, "Jason." Shocked, Claire could only stare at her mother.

"My Jason?"

Instead of typing her mother said, "Y..es. Yo..ur Ja...son."

Claire sat down heavily in the chair beside the bed. "How?"

Her mother turned back to the computer and typed, "He comes to see me." Just when she thought there were no more surprises where Jason was concerned, she was completely floored.

"Mom, when does he come to see you? I'm here all the time."

With more taps on the keypad, her mother said, "When you take Louise home."

"Mom, just once?" asked Claire.

Almost reluctantly, she said, "Every evening." More typing followed, "He's a good man, and he loves you." Claire felt like she was in the twilight zone. Her mother, who on a good day seemed out of it, was talking to her via a computer that Jason, whom she'd practically thrown out of her apartment last week, bought for her. Jason was now apparently visiting her mother, whom he had never officially met, in the hospital every evening after she left. Had the entire world gone insane?

"Mom, um, I'm at a loss here. Why would Jason be visiting you and how does he know I'm not here?" Suddenly, her mother looked at her with a bright smile and started laughing. Claire rushed to the bedside fearing she was having another stroke. "Mom, calm down, this isn't good for you."

Her mother shook off her concern and typed again, "Mom now taking care of you for once. I'm not letting you lose him. I told him about your father, about your fear. My story to tell, he understands now." She'd never seen her mother look so happy and free. When most people would be terrified of what they were facing, she looked like she'd slain a dragon.

It took a long time with her mother alternating between trying to put the words together to speak and using her new computer, but they talked about her father for the first time. The person that she thought her mother to be was so different from the reality. Her mother had spent her entire life trying to protect them, and in the end had come close to losing herself. Having the stroke in a way saved her life.

Dr. Mauldin had taken her off all the Alzheimer's medications and the confusion she'd lived under the last few years was clearing. Dr. Mauldin believed that instead of having Alzheimer's, she was dealing with depression and anxiety due to the trauma of living with an abusive husband and then the loss of her daughter. The medication she'd been prescribed was actually keeping her from recovering. Her diabetes medication was also adjusted, and the change in her mental clarity was nothing short of amazing. This was a woman Claire had only ever caught glimpses of through the years.

Her mother also told her that when Jason had visited her the first time he had just missed Claire. After that Louise always called him when she was leaving so he could visit without upsetting her. He came each evening and read to her or just talked. Last night he had brought the computer and taught her how to use it. It was obvious from her mother's expression that she really liked him.

Claire knew in her heart that her mother would have never been so comfortable around a man who reminded her in the least bit of her husband. Everything that Jason had done for her, although way overboard, had been to help her because he cared. He hadn't been trying to control her or make decisions because he didn't feel like she was competent. He simply wanted to help people. He visited her mother each night because he had a big heart, not to gain something from her. Claire looked over at her mother, a smile forming on her face. Her mother said one word, "Go."

Chapter Twenty Seven

Claire didn't know when or if Jason would be home, but she was determined to sleep in her car if she had to. She didn't want to talk to him over the phone or at the office; she wanted to see him in person. She needed to see if she could salvage something after the way she'd hurt him. Yes, he shared in the blame, and if they were to have a future together, he would have to learn to step back and let her handle her life. She'd been sitting in his driveway for almost three hours. It was midnight, and she was yawning and trying to stay awake when approaching headlights flooded her car.

She was parked to the side, and Jason didn't even notice her until he was pulling into the garage. His car slammed to a halt as he stared at her car. He turned off the ignition to his Mercedes, leaving it half outside the garage and rushed over to her door. He opened it and asked urgently, "Claire, what's wrong? Did something happen to your mother?"

In the dim light of the car, Claire could make out the tight grooves around his mouth. His beautiful blue eyes seemed so much duller than the last time they'd been together. She reached up and ran her finger down the side of his face, feeling the familiar angles, committing it to memory once again. Jason caught her hand and shook it slightly as if afraid she was in shock. "Baby, what's going on? Talk to me!"

As if a dam has broken, tears poured from her eyes as she said, "Everything is ok, I needed to see you."

Suddenly, Claire could see his face take on a guarded expression. "Claire, just go home. I can't do this again."

As he started to straighten and pull away from the car, Claire grabbed his hand and said, "I love you Jason."

Jason pulled back from her, shaking his head. "You're killing me, please just go home."

Jason walked away from her towards the door in his garage leaving his car still half out of the garage. Quickly getting out of her car, Claire caught up with him as he was unlocking the door. "Jason," She began, "I know you have been going to see my mother every evening; I know she told you about my father." Claire waited for his reaction as his shoulders stiffened. As he turned slowly around, Claire was taken aback by the desperate sadness and longing she saw on his face.

"Claire, I'm sorry; I know now that I did everything wrong with you. By loving you so much I turned into everything you'd ever feared. I wanted to take all your pain away, and instead I only gave you more. I drove you away, and I know you will never trust me again, you will always think I'm like him."

Claire put her finger to his lips to stop the flow and wrapped herself around him. He stood in her embrace, still and resistant. She gently laid her lips against his and whispered, "I love you; you're everything I ever wanted and was afraid I would never find."

Beautiful blue eyes searched hers and he couldn't miss the love pouring from them. Then crushing her in his embrace, he pressed his lips against hers as they shared a tender kiss full of love and promise. Some minutes later, Jason pulled back, his breathing rapid. "Claire, I love you so much and I'm sorry for everything. Please put me out of my misery and marry me because I can't make it without you. I promise to try to control the urge to solve all your problems. I love you desperately so please be gentle with me if I stumble occasionally."

Looking up at the man that she loved so much, Claire said, "I would love to marry you but do you think we could go inside now before I rip your clothes off right here?" Never had Claire been pulled through a door in such record time.

One Year Later

Claire was smiling as she walked into her husband's arms. After a quick kiss, anxious blue eyes searched her face. Claire had been sick on and off for the last few weeks and unable to kick the stomach bug making its rounds. Finally, Jason insisted on her going to the doctor. Despite his protests, she went alone assuring him that he didn't need to leave work to go with her. Claire knew how hard Jason worked to overcome his constant need to take care of her, and she realized it had been sheer torture for him not to accompany her today.

"Baby, what did the doctor say?"

With her best serious expression, Claire said, "Well, he said that I should be fine... in about eight more months, that is." Seeing the look of confusion and fear in his eyes, Claire took his hand and gently lowered it to her stomach.

The confusion started to clear, and his eyes lit up with joy. Swinging her up in his arms, he said, "A baby?"

"Yep, Mr. Danvers, all that overtime you have been putting in lately um... in the bedroom has really paid off."

He rubbed her stomach gently and said, "I love you Mrs. Danvers." He then put her aside and started to leave the room. "I need to get started on planning our little one's future right away." Mouth hanging open, Claire looked at him, not believing her ears. He looked back at her and started laughing. "I'm sorry baby; I couldn't resist. I promise, no planning, unless we're both in on it."

Claire swatted his arm and said, "You're so bad. Now, how about we take a walk on the beach and tell our neighbors the good news?"

With his arm around her, Jason carefully led her down the path to the beach; as if afraid she would break. Lights twinkled from a newly built house in the distance. Soon, they were approaching a house very similar in design to their own, only a smaller version.

Jason held her hand and assisted her up onto the back deck. Through the glass door, Claire saw a smiling Louise coming, her mother not far off her heels. "Hey you two, just in time for dinner, I made a big pot of spaghetti."

Claire was amazed at everything that had happened in the last year. Her mother still had limited use of her left arm, but her speech had improved so much that the computer was no longer necessary to help her talk. Since being taken off all the medication that she'd not needed in the first place her 'bad days' seemed to be a thing of the past. She went to a therapist weekly and although the memories of the abuse she'd suffered would always be there, they were no longer controlling her life.

Jason had offered to design and build a house for her mother and Louise. He asked them what they wanted and their answer... one just like theirs except smaller, and that was exactly what they got. Louise had invited Janet to live with them too, but she had a new boyfriend and was suddenly happy living alone again. Her mother was glowing now and looked ten years younger.

Another person walked in from the kitchen trailing her mother. Jason stepped forward, hand extended and said, "Tom, good to see you again. Making a lot of house calls lately aren't you?" The older man laughed as he shook Jason's hand and gave Claire a hug. Her mother and Dr. Mauldin had grown close during her hospital time, but a relationship had only started when they met again a few months ago in the grocery store.

Like her mother, he was also a widower, and they found they had many similar interests. He was now a regular visitor and Claire suspected there might be more good news soon. Her mother made it clear though that no matter what happened, she and Louise were a package deal, and that would never change. As they all walked to the dining room and were seated, Jason lifted her hand and kissed it. "Claire and I have some exciting news."

