Chapter One

The club was busy for a Tuesday night. Nikki Avery watched the crowd from the edge of the dance stage and empty chairs were few and far between, the bar packed two and three deep with guys. A crowded place meant good tips and good meant making rent.

Nikki watched from the edge of the stage as her friend Lori...stage name Lorelei...finished up her set, her final athletic gyrations on the stage sending the men into a complete frenzy. Mack, the club owner had asked...almost begged... the two of them so many times to do a routine together. He was convinced the combination of Lori's taught, angular body and silky blonde hair played against Nikki's ample curves and waves of chestnut hair would get the entire place pumped-translate: hard-beyond all distraction. Mack reasoned getting an entire room of men turned on quickly was better for business.

But she and Lori had refused so far. Just because they were friends, and he's seen them share the occasional kiss and cuddle in the dressing room or alley didn't mean they wanted to take that on stage. Mack had backed off for now, but Nikki knew he'd be after them again.

Lori's music ended and as she walked off the stage past Nikki, she gave her a sharp smack on her ass.

"Hey!" Nikki spun around, hand on her backside.

"For good luck, sweetheart. Besides, I love your ass...all of it. And I wanted to be the first one of the night who got to slap it." Lori sashayed her way to the dressing room, h*ps swinging, putting as much into her walk as she could, while batting her eyelashes at Nikki over her shoulder.

Nikki's music started and she let the first few bars of Welcome to the Jungle play before she strutted onto the stage. Catcalls and whistles greeted her as she danced her way into the light and toward the crowd.

The other girls teased her for using what they called old-school music, but there was nothing like Axl Rose's screaming voice to get the crowd wound up, and to get her own heart pumping. And for those who knew the song - those old enough to remember - they'd recognize her costume, the short skirt and sheer black stockings, with the seam up the back, from the brief glimpse of the girl in the opening shots of the video.

Even if they didn't catch it, it didn't matter; she really wasn't dressed for very long anyway. She liked the song well enough, and began slowly stripping, the sheer blouse first to go, then the skirt, down to just the stockings and garter belt, sheer black bra and her ridiculously high heels. 'Fuck me' pumps, as Lori called them. More like break an ankle pumps. But they did make her legs long a mile long.

She worked her way down the stage, her body moving to the beat, feeling wonderful, lush and sexy and erotic. It got her all wound up, got her hot sometimes even though it wasn't where she wanted to be. But it was her job and she might as well enjoy some part of it.

Sometimes, just to make the night bearable she'd pick one guy in the crowd and dance just for him, even if he couldn't see she was looking at him. That one guy was her focus and she'd dance to images of his hands on her body, his mouth on hers, bending her over a table and taking her hard. For that one dance, she'd make him into her ideal man. But when her dance was finished, she never sought that man out, never. It would have ruined whatever fantasy she'd created while she wiggled and shimmied her way through her set.

She wished there really was just one guy she could dance for, someone who wants her for her and not because she was a cheap stripper in a seedy club under the Interstate. Not a married guy out looking for a quick slap and tickle, but a man who would truly love her. And take her away from all of this.

Sometimes, after her routine was finished, she was so full of pent up sexual energy, and tension, that working her way through the crowd was exactly what she wanted. The hands that touched her when they shouldn't. The power she felt when she sat some guy in a chair in a private room, knowing he had a hard on because of her, and then taking him to the edge, over and over, never really touching him, doing it all with just the movements of her body, her eyes, her words. It was a perverse kind of power, but power nonetheless. And then taking their money.

Sometimes she'd come close to an orgasm, her body infused with arousal, throbbing and aching for release. But not with any of these men. Never. It was nights like that when she'd find Lori. And then it would all be better. As much as she loved men, Lori did things to her, knew her in a way no one else did, understood her like no one else. It wasn't perfect and even though it took care of that one physical need, it still left her feeling empty, aching for something else, a deeper connection. But she pushed that need aside.

Nikki was on her hands and knees now, back arched, slinking her way to the end of the narrow strip of stage that extended into the crowd. There were a few guys who grabbed at her, but she skillfully avoided them. There were always a few.

By the end of the song, she was at the end of the stage, eye level with the guys sitting closest. She recognized a few, gave them that special smile she reserved just for them, and gyrated through the last few bars of the song.

As the music stopped and she stood, looking up, eyes sliding over the tables of hooting men, the same every night, all turned on by the fantasy she created. The lights were hot and blinding, but through them she saw him. Or she thought she did, hoped she did. Her heart skipped a beat.

Tall, black hair, staring right at her. Again. He'd been there for three nights running and she'd hoped he'd be standing there tonight, watching her. She could never find him while she danced and she didn't want to. But when she was finished, she'd look up and there he'd be. Their eyes would meet and for a brief moment all the noise and smells and chaos of the club would fade.

Nikki had no idea who he was, or what he did to her, but he took her breath away. And it bothered her that she even noticed him at all, that she'd started looking for him. Customers weren't supposed to turn into anything other than money in her pocket. Getting attached to one meant trouble. She'd seen it happen all around her and she knew better.

But for the last three nights, by the time she'd gotten dressed and came back out on the floor, he'd be gone. While there were always regulars in the club, guys who came just to see here, she'd never missed them if they weren't there and she never went searching for them, anticipated seeing them...wanted to see them. She never let herself care. Caring was too dangerous.

Lori was lounging in the dressing room, wearing a sheer robe, long legs crossed, perched on the edge of the sagging couch, long legs crossed. Nikki made a bee-line for her locker, pulling out filmy bits of clothing, flinging most of it to the floor in frustration, searching for the perfect outfit.

"You late for something, Nikki?" Lori sat up, watching Nikki intently through a haze of cigarette smoke. "Oh, wait. Your mystery guy is out there, right? I knew it."

Lori leaned back, idly swinging one leg as she watched Nikki frantically pulling on a pair of fishnet stockings.

"You know Mack wants us to mingle, not play favorites. Even if the guy is drop dead gorgeous. And..." Lori rose, stubbing out her cigarette, stretching her arms over her head. "Even if he smells divine."

Nikki whirled around. "How do you know what he smells like?"

Lori laughed. "You should see the look on your face, love." She walked over, reaching out, pinching Nikki's cheek. "I have no idea what he smells like. But you're smitten, kitten. And that's not wise. Mixing business with pleasure is a recipe for disaster and you know it."

"Don't you have some place to be, like out on the floor?" Nikki was pulling a pink baby doll top over her head, adjusting the top to accommodate her ample br**sts. Lori leaned against the wall, watching.

"Yeah, I'm getting there. Needed a rest. Rough night this morning." Her eyes traveled over Nikki's body. "You need help getting dressed? I'd be happy to lend you a hand."

Nikki slapped Lori's hand away, laughing. "I'm perfectly capable of getting dressed myself, doll." She gave the skimpy top of her outfit another tug. "There's just a little more of me than there is of this outfit."

"I can see that." Lori pushed herself away from the wall. "In your line of work, less is more, you know. Less clothing, that is. Not less of you." She dropped her robe to the floor, checking the reflection of her tawny body in the mirror.

"I see how the guys look at you and then think I should put on a couple pounds." She ran her hands down her sides, over her flat stomach, turning side to side.

Nikki frowned at her friend. "Why on earth would you do that? You're beautiful, just like you are."

"Yeah. I know...but sometimes. I see how the guys look at you." Lori caught Nikki's gaze in the mirror. "All those lush curves, big boobs, h*ps they can hang on to. They must imagine f**king you is like diving into a vat of whipped cream...sweet and soft and delicious."

There was nothing Nikki could do, but laugh. She bent over, dragging a brush through her hair, trying to get it big and sexy. She flipped it back, smoothing the top.

"I guess that's all I can do." She pushed in front of Lori at the mirror. "Excuse me...some of us have to work for a living." Lori sighed dramatically, rolling her eyes for effect and sauntered over to her locker.

Nikki ran a finger across her lipstick, wiping away an errant smudge, inspecting her eyeliner and mascara. She glanced over at Lori, half-dressed, still bare foot. She scowled, tapping her foot.

Lori grabbed a black g-string, pulling it up her narrow h*ps and then started tugging on a black leather bustier that fit her like a second skin. She waved her hand in Nikki's general direction.

"Go on. You're going to miss him if you wait for me." She winked. Nikki left the cramped, dingy dressing room, a strange mix of anticipation and dread settling into the pit of her stomach. Recipe for disaster said it all, but the thrill outweighed all thought of caution.

The crowd was facing the stage, watching the next dancer, someone new that Nikki didn't know. She thought her stage name was Neon, but she wasn't sure. And right now, she didn't really care. Her eyes were scanning the back of the room, searching for any tall man with dark hair. But there wasn't anyone that looked like her guy.

Nikki's heart sank and she breathed out a sigh tinged with relief. She turned toward the bar for her one free drink of the night when she felt someone at her shoulder.

"Looking for someone?"

The voice was rich and deep, and it sent a shiver down her spine. She knew it was him even before she turned around. She briefly closed her eyes, drew a breath and turned around, with what she hoped was a seductive smile on her lips.

"I just might be..." Her words faded as she looked at the man standing in front of her.

It was him. But up close he was even more breathtaking. Tall and lean, but muscular, with black hair cut short, exposing a chiseled, square jaw and sculpted face, this was the guy. Same black t-shirt and black jeans. Nikki's breath caught in her throat and she knew she was staring, but she was powerless to look away and apparently just as powerless to speak.

His lips were curved into a sensuous line, and it was all she could do not to reach out and run her fingers over them. She finally looked up into his eyes and blinked.

They were gray, almost silver, like moonlight on a winter night. The shiver she felt intensified and she impulsively wrapped her arms around herself.

The man tilted his head, his smile deepening, clearly enjoying her reaction. "Would you like a drink?"

Nikki finally found her voice. "Yeah...yes. I would. Thank you."

With lithe grace the man moved to the bar, steering Nikki in front of him, his hand on the small of her back, easily cutting through the crush of men crowded at the rail. Behind the bar Sam caught her eye briefly before looking at the man.

"Whatever the lady's usual is and I'll have a Campari and soda."

Sam, the bartender nodded, moving down the bar. The man's hand was still on her back and her skin was on fire, as if the outline of his hand was being seared into her flesh.

"Do you have a name?" He'd bent close to her, his breath stirring the hair near her ear.

She turned toward him and his lips brushed lightly against her cheek.

"Nikki. I'm Nikki"

Their lips were almost touching, his eyes locked with hers. Nikki leaned forward, yearning for contact, aching for his kiss.

"Nikki, drinks." She heard the thud of the glasses hitting the bar, Sam's voice sharp in her ears. The not-so-subtle reminder: take it to a private room and make them pay. Nothing was free in Mack's club.

The man straightened, retrieving the drinks, handing Nikki hers. She took a long swallow, feeling instant warmth spreading out from her center.

"And what's your name?" She leaned into the man, her hand on his arm, pulling him toward the private rooms, finally remembering she was at work and this should be a paying customer, nothing less and nothing more. But there was so much more here she wanted, more than just giving this guy a lap dance and sending him home with a hard on and a memory. She didn't know why this was happening, but this man was stirring up a storm inside her that no amount of shimmying and shaking was going to quell. She needed something more from him and it wasn't something she was going to get here at the club. For the first time in her life as a dancer, she seriously considered taking this guy home.

"My name is Jax." He took a sip of his drink, his eyes never leaving Nikki's face.

"You've been here before. Are you looking for something special?" She caressed his arm, her fingers trailing over his skin, over the hard muscles beneath. He watched her hand and she had the sense of predator watching prey. And that sent another thrill through her body. Two could play at that game.

"I might be." His eyes moved over her body, lingering on every curve she had.

"Let's take this some place private." Nikki took his hand, leading him to one of the many small private rooms that ringed the side of the room, putting as much sway into her h*ps as she could. She unhooked the curtain to the room, letting it fall closed behind them.

He was gorgeous, all long legs, narrow waist and taut ass. The image of him with his broad, muscular chest and shoulders hovering inches above her, his skin flushed with heat as he rose nak*d and ready sprang into her mind and the intensity of the vision made her gasp.

She was wound up from dancing, in the zone, and the thought of having this man totally under her spell, at her mercy, set her heart racing. She took another swallow of her drink before setting it on the small ledge that ran around the room.

"Have a seat." She nodded toward the room's only chair and took Jax's drink, setting it next to hers. With a smile, she plucked the cherry from her glass, turning back to Jax, her tongue flicking out to slowly caress the red cherry. He was sitting in the chair, looking relaxed and confident, watching her intently.

"Rules. We have them and you have to abide, otherwise...you're out." She pouted, tilting her head.

"And I really wouldn't want you to leave. Not until we've gotten to know each other better. So the deal is, I can touch you, but you have to keep your hands to yourself, mister."

Jax looked up at her, his eyes locked with hers. "In here, you're the boss, lady. I do as you say." And then he smiled, his lips slowly curving up at the corners. Nikki's knees went a little shaky and she wondered if she was going to manage to dance for this guy without falling off her heels. She took a deep breath, twisting her torso so that she was partially back to, her ass was pointed at him and she gave it a shake. Teasingly, she wrapped her lips around the cherry before pulling it from the stem with her teeth. She dropped it to the floor.

Nikki started to move, dancing slowly toward Jax. She bent forward, put her hands on his knees, gently pushing his legs apart while giving him a good view down the front of her outfit, shaking her shoulders just enough to set her br**sts swaying.

He'd put his hands on the arms of the chair and kept them there as she straightened, gyrating between his legs before turning her back to him, bending and twisting, giving him a good show.

She turned back to face him, resting her hands on the arms of his chair. As she slid her body up his, her br**sts brushing against his chest, she felt his hands move, covering hers. She tensed for a moment. With any other customer, she'd have stopped the dance and left the room, called Frank the bouncer and had the guy tossed out.

But this was different, really different. She drew in a sharp breath, her dance coming to an abrupt stop. His eyes were locked with Jax's, her heart thudding in her chest. Different, and dangerous. And it was everything she wanted.

Without thinking Nikki leaned forward, lips parted. Jax slowly ran his hands up her arms, his fingers leaving behind a trail of goose bumps on her skin.

"I..." Her voice was barely a whisper, tinged dark with lust.

"Shhhh..." He sat forward; his lips so close to hers she could feel his breath, smell his masculine scent. His eyes drew her closer, held her enthralled, captive.

When his lips brushed against hers, it sent a wave of heat through her body. She shuddered, closing her eyes, letting him claim her lips with his, moaning against the sensual feel of his mouth against hers.

The tip of his tongue traced along her lower lip, and she gave herself over to the kiss, opening her mouth, meeting his tongue with hers. She settled her body against him, arching her back as his hands moved from her arms to slide up her torso.

He held her easily, his hands spanning the curves of her body, resting just beneath her br**sts. It felt as if she were weightless, suspended against him as he slid further down in the chair, as her body rested against his. She was aware of his growing erection pressing against her stomach, hard and hot, and she wiggled in his grasp, seeking more contact. Jax flexed his h*ps upward, pressing himself against her, moaning against her mouth.

Time seemed to stand still, the kiss deepening, intensifying, sending frissons of pleasure through her body. It could have been minutes or hours, but when Jax finally sat up, gently setting her feet on the floor, she was weak and breathless.

"Oh...well." Nikki opened her eyes. Jax was smiling at her, his eyes almost glowing in the dim light of the small room.

"I broke your rule." His voice was low and there was no hint of guilt and certainly no apology.

"You did."

He was still smiling at her as his hands slid up her torso as he gently pushed her away from him, before rising from the chair. Nikki looked up at him, confused.

"Wait. Are you...are we finished?" She'd never had any man leave before she was finished with her dance. But then again, she'd never let one go so far with her as she'd let Jax. Her mind was a swirl of confused emotions. But her body was a swirl of arousal and passion, no confusion there at all.

"I think I should leave." Jax leaned forward, kissing her forehead. "I'm not sure I'm good for you...or you're good for me."

"But...wait. Are you coming back?" She was standing in front of him now, hands on her hips, blocking the doorway. No one walked out on Nikki, without good reason. And not if she hadn't kicked them out first.

Jax looked down at her, an amused smile playing around his lips. "Do you want me to come back? You don't even know me. For all you know, I could be the big bad wolf." He leaned forward, resting his hands on her shoulders. "I could be all kinds of wrong for you, Nikki."

"I think I should be the one to decide that, don't you?" She stepped forward, running her hands up his chest as his arms slid back down her body. "I could be all kinds of right for you."

She caught the beat of the music from the club, dancing against Jax. "Besides, I notice that I have some kind of effect on you."

Nikki rubbed against Jax, her h*ps swaying, her br**sts against his chest. She heard him moan low, something that almost sounded like a growl. His hands slid down further, cupping her ass briefly before finding their resting place on her hips. Nikki looked up at him from beneath her thick, dark lashes.

"So...you'll be back, right?" She tilted her face to his again and his lips were on hers, harsh and primal. She felt his growl against her mouth and it set off a deep thud of arousal low in her belly. No man had ever gotten her so hot so fast, with just a kiss.

Jax finally broke away with a gasp. "I really have to go. But..." He pulled her hard against him for a moment. His erection pressed against her stomach, undeniably hard.

"I'll be back. How can I resist?"

"You can't." He pulled away, ducking through the curtain. Nikki followed, pouting.

She watched Jax walk out of the club before turning back to the throng of men, the loud music and the smell of the promise of sex. Mack tried to keep the girls in line and Nikki knew there was a lot more than just promises being sold in the private rooms. She sighed, moving back behind the curtain for their drinks, draining hers in one long swallow. Jax's glass was half full and she looked at it briefly, before draining it. Nothing left to go to waste, except the promise of a night with Jax.

Chapter Two

Jax stepped out of the club, turning blindly down the sidewalk, out of the glare of the neon light of the club's sign, relentlessly flashing overhead. The night closed around him as he walked down the gritty broken sidewalk. There weren't many who'd walk down these streets alone, but then Jax wasn't just anyone. Being a werewolf, even when the moon wasn't full, gave him confidence and strength that no mortal would ever possess.

But it didn't always give him common sense. He'd come this close to taking that girl with him, back to his house, to his den. Taking her almost any place where he could have torn off her clothes and taken her. His body still ached, his erection slow to fade from her touch, her kiss, her incredible scent.

But he hadn't. He stopped at the corner, leaning against an abandoned and shuttered building, the bricks rough against his arm, wondering just what the hell he was playing with. She wasn't the one, couldn't be the one, not the girl he wanted for his mate, and definitely not the kind of girl the alpha male would bring back to the pack.

He ran a hand across his face, suddenly tired. Tired of the search for a mate, tired of the pack's restlessness, of their waiting for him to take control. And that was no attitude for an alpha male to have. And certainly not one to show to his pack.

The moon was two nights from full and he could already sense its pull, its control over him. The restless feeling was there, as if the skin on his body was too small to contain his muscles and bones, as if they were already shifting into the creature that he became each full moon.

And with that, the desire to mate was almost uncontrollable. While Nikki had danced and gyrated against him, it had taken all his control not to throw her down on the floor and take her right there.

Jax pushed angrily away from the building, jamming his hands in his pockets, striding down the dark street. Coming to the club in the first place had been on a dare from Bec, goading him into looking for a mate in a place full of women. He'd said if he couldn't find a mate there, he'd never find one.

Bec. His rival, his greatest critic, his younger brother. Always at him, after him, pushing him, biting at his heels. And now, that Jax had become alpha male, Bec had become absolutely relentless.

"You're not ready, Jax. You're not mated. You're not blooded... you haven't even made a kill since you've been alpha. You're not what this pack needs. You're not alpha male material."

Jax had rounded on his brother, lashing out, raking his nails across Bec's face. They were alone, and it was all Jax could do not to tear Bec's throat out.

"I am the alpha male of this pack, Bec. There's nothing you can do about it. Either accept it, or move on."

Bec had touched his fingers to his face, pulling them back, looking down at his blood on them, as a snarl curled his lips. "Don't think I won't, brother. Blood's not enough to keep me here. There are others, too, that don't think you're the right one to lead us."

Jax knew talk like this was dangerous. Any pack member who spoke against the alpha male...any pack member who wasn't his brother...would have found himself with a slashed throat, bleeding on the ground, left to die.

But, as always, because Bec was his younger brother, his only remaining family, Jax held back. Because he knew Bec was right. He needed to make a kill as alpha. And he needed a mate. Desperately.

And now here he was, wandering around in a seedy neighborhood in Philly, the scent of a woman all over him, rubbed into his clothes, on his hands. And as much as he tried to tell himself, to make himself believe she wasn't the one for him, every time he took a breath, his body told him otherwise.

He sighed, turning down an alley, breaking into a lope, heading for home.

*

For Nikki, the rest of the night passed in a blur of thumping music and sweaty men. And for the first time that she could remember, she was distracted, more than ready to call it a night. Most nights got tedious at the end of her shift, doing the same old bump and grind, the same lap dance, only with a different guy pinned to the chair. But tonight she found herself wandering around in a daze, mechanically taking men to and from the private rooms, turning them on and taking their money.

It wasn't until almost closing time that she had a chance to take a break in the back room. Lori was there, dressed in casual street clothes, or what passed for street clothes for her. Her top revealed just as much cl**vage as her working outfit. The only piece of clothing that was any different were the jeans and those were practically painted onto her long legs, hugging her firm ass.

"You headed out early?" Nikki flopped down on the couch, dropping her feet onto an old plastic chair. Her feet were killing her, always did. Fuck me pumps were great for the show, but for a night of being on her feet, they were hell.

"Yeah. Mack said I could. I've got a date, wanted to at least get there before that bar closed, maybe get a little drunk on someone else's dime." Mack's rule of one free drink per shift put a damper on Lori's enjoyment. She'd claimed she danced better drunk, but Mack firmly held by his rule. He said he was tired of picking her up off the floor as the night went on.

"Someone I know or someone new?" Nikki was never sure who Lori was seeing these days. She seemed to have a string of boyfriends, none of whom lasted more than a few weeks.

"Dunno. Does the name Mark ring a bell?" Lori frowned, pursing her lips.

Nikki shook her head, leaning back and closing her eyes. "Did you see the new girl? I missed her set. And Neon? What's up with the name?"

"You didn't see her set? You really missed something then. She's got these crazy ass tattoos that only show up under black light. Mack put in special lighting, just for her. Some trippy looking shit, if you ask me."

"Wonder how long before she trips off the stage in the dark." Nikki laughed softly, to herself.

"Hey, I saw you with your mystery man. Got to give him a private show. How was it? You get a good tip?" Lori sat down at the lighted mirror, touching up her make-up.

"Oh, shit. I never got paid!" Nikki thumped her head against the wall in frustration.

Lori turned around to look at Nikki for a long moment. "Wow. Must have been some guy, if you forgot to ask for the cash. That's a real newbie mistake, Nikki, not something you would do. Hope you made enough in tips to cover with Mack."

"Yeah. I did." Nikki shook her head. She'd been stupid, so engrossed in the guy she totally forgot he was a paying customer. And she'd never even got to finish the dance.

But what had happened with Jax was still playing through her mind. She could still feel his lips beneath hers...still feel the sense of barely controlled passion or power or whatever the hell that was lurking under that calm exterior. Besides the obvious sexual arousal that came off of him in waves, he'd radiated pure animal magnetism.

Lori's laugh interrupted her thoughts. "You've got it bad, don't you?" She'd turned around, facing Nikki, lighting a cigarette. She blew out a puff of blue smoke, flicking the match into an overflowing ashtray.

"I haven't seen you this out of it since that guy....what was his name? The guy from France or Germany or some place? He had an accent and I swear, the minute he said your name, you turned into a big puddle of mush. He was such a prick to you. And he smelled bad, smelled like those horrible little black cigarettes he smoked all the time." She waved her own cigarette, suddenly animated.

"And you even said the sex was horrible! Remember? I said he was like..."

Nikki raised her hand. "Yeah...Lori, I remember. I was there, it was me that had sex with him. I don't need a blow-by-blow recount of my own sex life." Nikki pushed herself up from the couch.

"Listen, have a good time on your date. And be careful in the alley. Eden said she saw some guy hanging out by the dumpster, that he said some pretty rude things to her."

"Yeah. I know. It's China's druggy ex-boyfriend. He's stalking her or something again. I'll be careful...always am." And then she was gone, leaving behind a cloud of smoke.

*

Jax rolled over, his arm across his face. The sun was high and he was reluctant to leave his bed. He'd managed to slip into the house without Bec noticing and he wanted to avoid his brother for as long as possible.

The girl from last night...Nikki. Nikki haunted him. He'd taken a shower but her scent still clung to him. There was something deeply satisfying-and very arousing-about it and he shifted in bed, her scent and memory having a definite physical effect on his body this morning.

But no matter how arousing, that scent and those memories were attached the wrong girl. There was no way the pack-and especially Bec-would accept a stripper as alpha female. Right now, pride wouldn't let him bring her home, pride in his pack, in their history and heritage.

Jax and Bec had had that heritage drilled into them for as long as he could remember. They were the first pack of the New World, their ancestors stowing away on ships that crossed the Atlantic, with the doomed Roanoke Colony in North Carolina.

He knew the truth the history books didn't. The colonists didn't starve that first winter or seek refuge with native tribes. They were the first kills made by his ancestors, the first on this new land to be blooded into the pack.

From there, they'd spread out across the country, splitting, creating new packs as the old ones grew too large or fighting led a group to strike out on their own. Jax and Bec's pack had been in the Philadelphia area for well over two hundred years, before this country even existed.

They were proud of their heritage and, if truth be known and had become somewhat elitist over the years in who they chose to add to their pack. Jax wasn't sure how that had happened, but it was the fact of the matter that, right now, bringing back a stripper would never be accepted by the pack, even if he chose her as his mate.

Pack numbers were dwindling because of this attitude, combined with more awareness of their numbers by mortals. They'd always been reclusive, but now were almost driven underground. Jax knew it would be up to him to break with tradition, but he knew also that could divide his family, and possibly cost him his life.

"Still in bed? Rough night?" Bec was in the doorway of Jax's room, arms folded across his massive chest.

Jax slid out of bed, planting his feet firmly on the floor. "Bec, I'm not in the mood right now for your comments. If you haven't got anything positive to say, then just shut up."

"So the search for a mate didn't go so well?" Bec took a step into the room, sniffing loudly.

"I smell her...and she smells like sex." Bec looked at his brother. "Are you taking them for a test ride now?"

Jax was instantly on his feet instantly, hands balled into fists. "Bec, out. Out of my room. And while you're at it, out of the pack. I've had enough of your insolence. If you're so sure of what it takes to be alpha, by all means, go be one."

Bec snorted. "You really mean it this time? Or is this more posturing?"

Jax took a step closer to Bec. "With all my heart. I mean it. Out."

"You realize you're splitting the pack. I'll take with me those that want to go. And there are more than you think."

Jax blew out a breath. "You seem to forget I'm splitting the family as well, Bec. Or does that not factor into your plans?"

Bec frowned. "You'd really let me go?"

"Really. I'm alpha now, Bec. And I get that it's hard for you, that you think by some means it should have been you. But it's not. You can fight me for it, and I'll win. You know it, and I know it."

"You'd really fight your own brother?" Bec's frown turned to a look of disbelief.

"Bec, what do you want from me? You're not happy I'm alpha. You've let everyone know how you feel. I give you the chance to go...hell, I tell you to go, but you stay. I tell you I'll fight, you don't believe me. Just what the hell do you want from me?"

Bec shook his head. "If you don't know, then I guess it really is time to leave." He turned, pausing in the doorway. He spoke without looking back.

"You're not going to make it alone, Jax. You need us, as a pack."

"I don't need anyone. Close the door on your way out, Bec."

The door slammed, the sound echoing in the room. Jax sat wearily on the bed, head in his hands. This was so much harder than his father had made it look. But his father hadn't had a little brother dogging his every move. He found himself lost in a sea of memories for a long time, finally rising, pulling on jeans and a t-shirt before padding downstairs to see exactly what he had left with for a pack, knowing he was now left without a family.

Chapter Three

Nikki usually had Wednesday nights off, but by early evening she'd found herself either restlessly wandering around her apartment, or just as restlessly flicking through television channels. She was distracted and irritable, and annoyed with herself. With a frustrated sigh, she tossed down the remote, grabbed her bag and headed to the club.

"Hey, thought you were off tonight." Lori was in her usual place on the couch, smoking her usual cigarette.

"I was, but last night was slow...so, you know..." Nikki hoped Lori would back off, but she wasn't counting on it. Lori knew her better than anyone, and saw through her like a pane of glass.

"So, you're picking up an extra shift because last night was slow? Yeah...they were packed in like sardines out there. You, however, were in a private room with your new man."

Lori leaned forward, stubbing out her cigarette, blowing smoke toward the ceiling. "But, you know, it's just as well. That Neon chick didn't show up tonight and Mack's just about busting his balls. He'll be glad you're here."

"So the tattooed light-show chick baled after one night?" Nikki shook her head. Girls came and went here all the time, but she knew if Mack invested money in her in any way, he must have thought she had some kind of longevity, at least be around long enough to make the lights worth his investment.

"Yeah, well, so goes the game." Lori got off the couch, stretching. Her perky br**sts pushed against her filmy robe and even though Nikki knew she was here for other reasons, that little glimpse of her friend set off a little thud in Nikki's stomach.

Lori walked over to Nikki's locker, standing behind her, hands on Nikki's hips, fingers gently caressing her, sliding up beneath her sweatshirt. "I know what the look means, princess." She lifted Nikki's thick, dark hair, her lips on her neck and then sliding up to nibble at her ear.

Before Nikki could think, she turned into Lori's embrace, their lips meeting in a familiar kiss. There was a raw need in Lori tonight, a vulnerability Nikki sensed that was rarely evident. Lori's tough-as-nails exterior dropped as their kiss deepened.

Nikki felt the rising sense of arousal being with Lori always brought, but in the back of her mind images of Jax rose up of his taut body beneath hers in the brief lap dance, his mouth hot and hard against her lips. She lost herself for a moment in the memories, thoughts of Jax competing with Lori's kiss for Nikki's attention, eventually winning. It wasn't long before Lori broke away, shaking her head.

"You're a million miles away, kid. And I'm not going that far tonight." She took a step back, head tilted to the side, her eyes narrowed.

"Lori, I...I'm not...it's not you." Nikki fumbled for the words, but she knew she couldn't explain.

"Hey, don't sweat it." Lori walked to her locker, dropped her robe and reached inside for a black lace teddy, tugging it up roughly over her long legs, shimmying herself into the scrap of fabric.

Nikki watched her friend, aching to reach out but unsure what to say. Lori looked up, her face now set in a careful mask of indifference, but Nikki could see the hurt in her eyes.

"Hey, I said drop it. Guys are guys. I'd do the same if I were in your shoes. He's a hot guy, even if he's...whatever he is." She slammed her locker door, the sound echoing in the small room. Nikki winced. She hated fighting with Lori. And she knew Lori would never throw her over for a man.

"I'll see you out there." Lori was through the door, her heels clicking on the scuffed linoleum floor, still tugging at the straps of her teddy before Nikki could speak.

Nikki let out a sigh, pulling out a red camisole and panty set she'd planned to wear. She held them a moment, fingering the satiny material. Was a guy really worth losing her best friend? Nikki shook her head, shoving the clothes back into her locker.

"Hey! You're here. You must be psychic, we're short tonight. You're on in five." Mack was already gone by the time Nikki looked up, the protest on her lips dying unsaid.

"Shit." She yanked her sweatshirt off, tugging the camisole over her head, static crackling through her hair. She shed her jeans, pulled on the red satin panties and the ridiculously high red heels that completed the outfit.

The lighted mirror cast a harsh light over her face. Most of her make-up was in place, done at home, but she added another coat of mascara and slicked a slash of red lipstick across her mouth. The hair she couldn't care less about right now. It would be a snarled mess by the end of her set anyway.

Nikki looked at her reflection, not really liking the girl looking back at her. She was rarely given to deep introspection, but right now she wondered what the hell had gotten into her.

She took a deep breath, held it for the count of three and blew it out sharply. Somehow she'd make it up to Lori. Now she needed to go do her set, work the crowd, and try to at least pretend she wanted to be here. The last thing on her mind was Jax.

Mack had put on some odd music for her, not her usual. But her moves still worked and she was still down on all fours by the end of the song, pretty much on tempo and with the beat. The guys didn't care as long as she ended up more or less nak*d, gyrating and shaking what she had. And she could do that in her sleep.

The music ended and she knelt to retrieve her camisole, snatching it away from some guy in the front who thought he'd get away with a freebie. She'd lost more items if clothing that way. She shook her finger at him, pasting what she hoped was a flirtatious smile on her face.

She stood as the lights flickered briefly, making her blink. They came up, and she saw him. Standing in the back, as still as a statue, the only man in the room not shouting drunkenly or trying to drag a girl into a private room.

Even though the lights were in her face, she knew he was looking into her eyes, probably the only guy in the room who wasn't staring at her nak*d body. She hesitated briefly, then turned too quickly, almost stumbling as her heels slipped on the stage. Music suddenly blared and Eden came dancing onto the stage, colliding with Nikki.

"Out of my way, bitch. You've had your turn." She brushed past and the catcalls and hoots of the men swelled, the sound washing over Nikki. And then, this was the last place she wanted to be. She fled to the dressing room.

Who was this guy? Was he anyone to her, someone she really wanted to see now? Her hands were shaking and she sank weakly down onto the couch. He was here for her. There was no doubt in her mind. But did she want to be there for him?

Screw the costume, Nikki pulled on her sweatshirt, tugging her jeans over the satin panties, her sweatshirt over her head. It had been a mistake to come here, to look for Jax. He was trouble, like he said, all kinds of wrong. She was foolish to try to make something more out of just a guy who thought she was a good dancer, just because he cleaned up better than the normal crowd.

Cool night air washed over Nikki as she opened the alley door. She hated the alley more than anything, but Mack didn't want them coming through the club in street clothes. She usually tried to leave with another girl or Sam, if he was headed out. Being alone in the alley gave her the creeps, no doubt.

She turned toward the street, clutching her purse against her body. The sound of a car horn ahead made her jump and in that instant a hand reached out from between the dented dumpsters that lined the alley, closing around her wrist.

She turned, half a scream forced between her lips, looking into a pockmarked face of a man crouched in the dark.

"Let go!" Nikki twisted her wrist, but his grip was like steel. He pulled her toward him, her heels skidding on the damp pavement.

"Where is she? She's in there, right?" The man's voice rasped out between parched lips. Nikki's eyes widened as she saw the glint of a knife blade in his other hand. He waved it at her, skimming it at her throat. She jerked back hard, the bones in her wrist grinding together.

"Who? I don't know what you mean." Panic was bubbling up inside Nikki and she had the surreal sense of everything slowing down. The man's voice dropped in pitch, garbled and indistinct. And then she was falling forward, in slow motion, as he pulled her into the darkness between the dumpsters.

Then the world grew very loud and things were moving too quickly for her to understand. She was in the alley, head down and stumbling backward, feeling like she'd been catapulted from the space between the dumpsters. There was a strangled cry, a loud clang as something crashed into the dumpster and then quiet. She finally fell to one knee, looking up in time to see a man on his hands and knees, the man who'd grabbed her, another man standing over him.

Nikki's eyes went wide as she realized it was Jax. He grabbed the man, hauled him upright and held him by the neck with one hand, as if the man weighed nothing at all. Nikki noticed the man's feet weren't touching the ground.

"Jax!" She found her voice, as she fell forward, her hands scraping against the grimy alley, her wrist throbbing. Jax turned toward her, and in the faint light of the alley, she swore his eyes were glowing red. She blinked but then he had turned back to the man in his grasp, his face held very close to the struggling man. There was a noise, like a low growl, and then Jax dropped the man like a sack of garbage.

Jax turned to Nikki, striding across the alley. Behind him, she watched the skinny man scuttle from between the dumpsters on all fours, scrambling to gain his feet, finally breaking into a shambling run as he turned the corner onto the street.

Nikki was trembling as Jax's hands closed around her arms, lifting her from the pavement.

"Are you okay? Did he hurt you?" Jax was looking at her intently, his eyes roaming quickly over her face, down over her body.

"No...just my arm." She held up her hand, an ugly bruise beginning to form around her wrist. She stared at the purpling marks, and her trembling turned into violent shaking, her teeth clicking together.

"You're in shock, Nikki. Let me take you back inside." Jax took a step back, toward the door to the club, his arm around her shoulder. But Nikki shook her head, her voice barely audible.

"Take me home...with you."

*

Jax opened the door to his room. The house had been quiet, Bec gone and his room empty, with several other members apparently having left with him as well. Jax knew they were friends of Bec's, guys he'd grown up with, and a few of their mates, some of them he and Bec had known forever. But that wasn't important now.

He carried Nikki into his room, laying her on his bed, grabbing the blanket and pulling it over her. She tried to sit up, struggling with the blanket but he gently pushed her back down.

"Stay still. I'll be right back." He moved away from the bed and she reached out, grabbing his hand.

"No, don't go...please." She looked up at him, her eyes wide, almost too large for her face.

"Just getting a glass of water, right there. And something for your wrist." He pointed to the open door to the bathroom. "You'll be able to see me, or hear me, the whole time."

Her grip loosened and he patted her leg, before walking quickly into the bathroom. As he ran cold water over a washcloth, he looked at his reflection in the mirror. What the hell was he thinking, bringing her back here? Even if she had asked, he shouldn't have done it. He could have just as easily taken her back inside, or to her own apartment.

He shook his head as he reached for a glass, filling it with water. What the hell was he thinking?

Nikki was sitting up against the head of his bed, legs tucked beneath her, the blanket wrapped around her shoulders. She was still trembling and her hands shook slightly, and she spilled water on the blanket as she took a drink.

"Here." Jax set the glass on the bedside table, sitting down beside her, brushing away the droplets of water. He held the cold washcloth against her bruised wrist.

For a brief instant he caught a whiff of a strange scent, an animal scent, almost wolfish but off somehow. He didn't think it was Nikki herself, and he wondered briefly if the man who had attacked Nikki was a werewolf. He lifted her wrist closer to his face and inhaled deeply. He was right, it wasn't Nikki; it was on her clothes. Jax shook his head. It wasn't important now, he'd worry about it later.

"Thanks." She was looking up at him, her eyes fixed on his face. "You saved my life. Thank you."

"I was in the right place at the right time. Do you know the guy?"

"He's an ex-boyfriend..."

Jax drew back, frowning. Nikki reached out, her hand on his arm.

"No, not mine. One of the girls from the club. He's been hanging out in the alley for a few days, I guess, bothering the girls when they leave, looking for China...his girlfriend...ex, I guess. Drugs or something." She took a deep breath. "I'm rambling. My nerves are shot."

But Jax wasn't listening to Nikki's words. Her touch, her hand on his arm, on his bare skin, sent an electric jolt through his body. Beyond her touch, her scent was overwhelming him, the complexity and depth of it amazing. He could still smell her fear, sharp and acrid, lingering on her. That would fade, he knew.

Beneath that was Nikki's own scent, warm and rich, sweet with an edge, like biting into an orange picked fresh from the tree, drenched in heat, lush and juicy.

And finally, the scent of her core, her being, her sexuality. Jax closed his eyes, inhaling deeply, taking his fill of her, not able to get enough. Beyond description, her scent started a chain reaction of emotions and feelings in his body, everything spiraling out of his control. He'd never experienced this with any woman, and as much as it aroused him, it scared him. Control was everything to Jax and this woman was quickly tearing that to shreds.

He opened his eyes, caught Nikki's look and saw reflected there everything he was feeling, the fear from her attack fading, replaced with lust and arousal. She started to shrug the blanket off her shoulders and he leaned forward, pulling it away from her body. Even in a faded sweatshirt and jeans, she was alluring, arousing, every curve still very evident.

Nikki rose up on her knees, eyes level with Jax, her fingers reaching up to touch his cheek, his lips, her pupils dilated, her dark eyes searching his.

"Make me feel safe, Jax. Make me forget."

Any thoughts of resisting her, of not giving in to his own desires, quickly left him. He reached for her, his hands on her torso, pulling her against him.

Their lips met, hers soft against his, as lush as the rest of her. He traced his tongue briefly along her lower lip and she opened her mouth to him instantly, her tongue meeting his fully, almost aggressively.

He worked his hands beneath her sweatshirt, momentarily surprised to find something satiny and soft. But beneath that was skin, delicious and warm, irresistible. His fingers brushed against the weight of her br**sts and something broke loose inside of Jax, a shiver rushing through his body, his erection straining against his suddenly too-tight jeans.

Nikki broke away from their kiss, grabbing the hem of her shirt and stripping it over her head, leaving her in the red camisole she'd worn at the club. Once free of the shirt, her hair fell around her shoulders in a wavy mass, a mix of deep chestnut and burnished copper. Jax reached for a strand, running it through his fingers. It was softer than anything he'd felt in a long time and a wave of longing and desire washed over him. He wanted that mane spread across his pillow, wanted to run his fingers through her hair.

He realized she was looking at him, a small smile playing about her lips.

"There's more to me than just my hair, you know."

Her fingers were impatiently tugging his t-shirt up over his body, and he lifted his arms, as her hands slid beneath the fabric, working the shirt up his chest, letting her pull the shirt over his head. Her hands were back on his body, seemingly everywhere on his skin, fingers eagerly running over his n**ples, down the flat plane of his stomach, over the bulging front, beneath the edge of his jeans. A low groan escaped his lips as she cupped him with her warm hand.

The primal urge to mate was always strong with Jax and never more so than at the cusp of the full moon. But more than just wanting to ravish Nikki, another need began to surface, the need to connect with her on a deeper level, connect to her in a way he'd never wanted to with any woman before. She had opened up a part of him he thought didn't exist. And it scared him. To need something this badly, was to allow it to control him, and lack of control was a weakness.

But he gave in, pulled her hard against him. She grunted softly as their bodies came together, her hands now on his chest, caught between them. He claimed her mouth again, wanting to devour her, his hands winding through her hair as he held her against him.

She wiggled in his embrace, her hands moving down to work the button on his jeans. His hands followed the curves of her body, down to the flare of her hips, to the zipper on her jeans, easily tearing them open. Gasping against his mouth, she rose up slightly as his fingers worked beneath the waistband, and then down to cup her ass.

Suddenly frustrated by the clothing between them, Jax broke the kiss, tipping Nikki onto her back. She squealed in surprise, her eyes dancing with desire as he grabbed her jeans, tugging them down over her hips, both them and the satin panties sliding off her legs.

Jax tossed them to the floor and he stood, impatiently pulling off his own jeans. He looked down at Nikki, lying in his bed, her hair spread out beneath her across the pillow, the red satin lingerie molding sweetly to her body.

His own body was thrumming with arousal, with the overwhelming obsession to satisfy the animal needs of his body with hers. But beneath that was the desire to claim her as his, make her want him as badly as he needed her.

Jax climbed onto the bed, Nikki already reaching for him. He was so incredibly hard and she was very ready, her legs parting, her warm thighs sliding up his hips, wrapping around his waist, and pulling him down to her body.

He barely had time to wonder if this was what he should be doing before he was sliding against her, and then pushing into her, into the heat and slickness she offered up to him.

She cried out softly beneath him as he entered her, but met him fully, her h*ps rolling up beneath him, accepting all of him completely. Her soft cries became louder, sharper, his acute sense of hearing picking up every nuance in her voice as he thrust into her.

Time stood still for Jax. The movement of their bodies together, the intense feeling of her surrounding him, drawing him further, almost drove him out of control. Every thrust, every response from her beneath him driving him crazy, pushing him closer to the edge, making him want more of her, even as he took her.

And she demanded as much from him as he took from her, her movements matching his, her passion and arousal just as intense as he felt. Her body was one continuous wave, crashing over him, pulling him deeper into her, pulling him further out of control. He gave in, let her sweep him along, finally letting go of any illusion of restraint he thought he still had.

When she came, it surprised him, both with the suddenness and the intensity. She arched up sharply beneath him, her head thrown back, her nails raking across his shoulders, brief sharp pain that only added to his pleasure. He looked down at her, watching her face in the throes of her release, feeling her twisting beneath him, the contractions of her core so strong around him, pulsing waves that fueled his own release.

He was soon joining her, his growls mingled with hers, almost before he realized he was coming. The heat that had built inside of him came rushing to the surface, and he pressed Nikki hard into the bed as his h*ps jerked and flexed, every muscle tensed, far beyond even his control, as he spent himself inside of her.

As the final waves of his orgasm faded, and his body began to relax, Jax collapsed beside Nikki. Every sense was heightened, attuned to her. He listened to her breathing, heard the beating of her heart, matching the beat of his own heart. The rich fragrance of sex rose up around them and he drew in a deep breath.

But beneath that still was Nikki's intoxicating scent. It had changed, grown stronger, not just her scent alone now, but mingled with his. The sun-kissed orange was still there, but spiked with something sharper, spicier, spiked with his masculine blend. All of that imprinted itself in his mind, on every cell, branded him.

He pulled her against him, nuzzling her neck, losing himself in the soft tangled mass of her hair. She turned toward him, curling her body against his and they moved in a brief silent dance, fitting his angles against her curves. And when they were still, it was a perfect fit. Nikki was asleep in minutes.

Jax lay awake, watching the moonlight streaming in through the window, outlining Nikki's curves, casting deep shadows across her skin. Tomorrow night was the full moon, but his body was already feeling the moon's insistent pull, all his senses heightened, his mind more aware, the long-familiar ache in his muscles and bones intensifying. He knew by this time tomorrow night, he'd be in wolf form, would stay that way until the following sunrise. And he knew Nikki couldn't know what he was, not yet. Not if he wanted to make her his mate.

And lying in the moonlight, Jax had decided. She was the one for him, the mate he'd been searching for. And in the moonlight he sighed, knowing all the complications that came with that decision.

Chapter Four

Nikki woke alone in a strange bed, briefly disoriented. She lay still, her eyes closed as memories of the night before came back. She shuddered as she remembered a vivid image the man with the knife, holding it to her throat, his cracked lips held in a grotesque smile. Then fuzzier images of Jax, taking her away, taking her home with him. And then she smiled and stretched. More memories came back, very clear memories, of Jax, of him...them...in this bed. Of the things he'd done to her. And what she'd done to him.

She opened her eyes, looking around the room. It was surprisingly neat and orderly, and clean, for a guy. It was actually neater than her apartment.

The bathroom door opened and Jax emerged, looking up in surprise, catching her gaze.

"Hey, Nikki. Sorry if I woke you."

She watched as he walked across the room, all lean muscles and smooth skin. His hair was military short, a thick wave of deepest raven black. The sight of it against his skin made her heart skip a beat. Plus, he was nak*d, in all his glory. Her heart recovered, beating faster.

"Come here." She held out her arms, wiggling her fingers. "You didn't wake me, but now that I'm awake..." The sheet slipped down one shoulder and she let it fall, knowing exactly how much of the curve of her breast it revealed, and what small portion remained hidden.

He hesitated, his eyes lowering for a split second and in that moment she saw doubt...reluctance... and it pierced her to the core. Not what she expected at all. She drew her arms back, pulling the sheet up as he crossed the room, sliding into bed beside her. He put his arm around her waist, pulling her against him. She let him, but there was a distance between them this morning, something that sure as hell hadn't been there the night before.

"I should go..."

Jax was nuzzling her neck, his hand moving over her breast. Somewhere during the night the red camisole had come off and now he slid down in the bed, leaving a trail of kisses along her neck, over her shoulder and down the full curve of her breast.

"You should? Or you want to?" His voice was muffled against her skin and he didn't look up as he spoke. Maybe she'd read him wrong, maybe he was just shy in the bright light of day.

"I...don't want to. Do you want me to stay?"

He lifted his head, his eyes heavy-lidded, the silver in them muted to soft gray in the sun. "I want you...and I want you to stay." His lips found her breast again and she relaxed against the pillow, giving herself over to Jax and the wonderful things he was doing to her.

They were wrapped in each other's arms, the sheet a tangled mess between them when Nikki heard the door open. She sat up in alarm, looking over Jax's shoulder at the man who filled the doorway. Jax sat up abruptly, turning away from her, and Nikki tugged as much of the sheet over her as she could.

"Bec, what the hell? Ever heard of knocking? Or of privacy?"

The man in the doorway, Bec, folded his arms across his chest. Even though he was shorter than Jax and built like a brick wall, Nikki could see the resemblance. It was Jax's face, beneath a shock of blonde hair, ice blue eyes instead of silver.

"I didn't know you were entertaining...or auditioning, if that's the case."

Nikki scowled, caught in the middle of something she really wanted no part of. She slid to the edge of the bed, the sheet wrapped around her, as the two men glared at each other. She bent down and retrieved her sweatshirt and jeans from the floor.

Jax had gotten off the bed, seemingly unconcerned he was nak*d, standing in front of Bec, hands balled into fists that rested on his hips.

"What I do, brother, in the privacy of my room, is my business. Not yours. Besides, I thought you'd left the...house."

Bec snorted. Nikki looked up, eyes moving between the two, as she pulled up the zipper on her jeans. She'd seen enough bar fights to know that when the tension got this thick, it was time to leave. And there was no bouncer here to break this up.

"Um, Jax..." She was hopping on one foot, pulling on her shoe, looking in vain for the other. He turned, surprise on his face, as if he'd forgotten she was there.

"Nikki...you don't need..."

But she'd found her other shoe and was gathering her purse. "Yeah, I think I do. I'll see you at the club, yeah? I work tonight." She edged her way between the men, and then slipped out the door of the bedroom.

The house was huge and she hadn't paid attention last night. There seemed to be an endless number of rooms and halls, but no stairs. Finally, she turned at the end of one hall and found the stairs, almost running down them, her heart beating fast. She could hear voices from Jax's room, loud angry voices, and the sounds made her cringe.

On the street, she stopped to take a breath, trying to get her bearings. This was a nice neighborhood, really nice, but she had no idea where she was. The street was a quiet residential, large homes set back from the street, but a few blocks down she saw traffic and she turned, heading toward someplace where she hoped she could find a cab.

*

"I thought I told you to leave." Jax was pulling on his sweats, torn between going after Nikki and dealing with Bec. But he could hear Nikki's fading footsteps, already down the stairs and then the snick of the front door as she closed it. It would have been easy to follow her scent, no matter how far she'd gone. It was indelible now, seared into his senses.

But Bec was in front of him and Jax's duties...his damn duties...as alpha male came first.

"I did...I came back because there's some shit going on that I need to talk to you about." Bec walked into the room, pulling out the chair by the desk and sitting down.

"But I suppose you've been too busy here..." Bec nodded toward the bed, rolling his eyes.

"What do you need to talk to me about, Bec? Spit it out." Jax sat on the rumpled bed, ignoring Bec's comment. Nikki's scent rose up around him and he closed his eyes briefly, aching to go after her, knowing there was no way he could explain anything.

Bec leaned forward, resting his elbows on his knees. "There's been a murder...three actually."

"And what of it? Murders in Philly aren't unusual." Jax tried to keep his voice neutral, but the hair was standing up on the back of his neck. Murders, especially around a full moon, were always a concern.

"These are. Brutal, savage. Bodies almost shredded. One newspaper called it the killer 'The Philly Wolf'." Bec scowled, staring at the floor.

Jax ran a hand across his face. "Damn it. Okay, we'll need to warn the others immediately. Everyone...all of us... need to be careful, more careful than usual."

"Yeah. I know. I've told everyone already...well, I've told my pack." Bec said the words slowly, as if they were a foreign language.

"So you're an alpha male now? They let you just choose that for yourself, did they?"

"Jax, they came with me. It's what they want, and what I want."

"I see...well, we need to make sure the entire clan knows about this. Immediately."

Bec finally smiled and Jax relaxed slightly. "So, what do you think? Do we have a human serial killer, or a werewolf killer, or someone trying to make it look like a werewolf?"

"I don't know. I'm going to visit the murder sites tonight, see if I can scent anything...maybe pick up a trail." Bec stood, the smile fading from his face, replaced with a deep look of concern. Jax looked up at his younger brother.

"You might want to be careful though, Jax."

"Why is that?" For the first time, Jax thought Bec actually looked like an alpha male, not like the self-centered little brother he was used to.

"Because the murders were at a strip club." Bec gestured toward the bed with his chin. "The one where your new...friend works."

*

Nikki had finally gotten home, after taking a long bus ride and a short trip in a cab. Her wallet was empty and she realized she hadn't gotten paid for her one and only dance the night before. Mack liked to settle up each night. But after seeing Jax, money had been the last thing on her mind. And Mack claimed he didn't always remember who'd danced when. Everyone knew he watched them like a hawk, but his convenient forgetfulness always left him with more money in his pockets than theirs.

She shook her head. First the lap dance and now a night's pay. Jax was costing her money. Something had to give.

It was still a couple of hours before she was due at the club and the memory of being with Jax brought up mixed feelings. More than anything she wanted to curl up in her bed and go over every last detail, every touch, every kiss, everything he'd done to her, relive all of it. He'd taken her on a wild ride, getting her high with his body, his very being. It had been a long time since any guy had turned her on like he had, touched her, not only physically but somewhere else, deep inside where all her emotions lived. In the place no man had ever been, the place she never let anyone see.

They'd seemed to fit together so well, been in sync from the minute they both knew what they wanted. But this morning had been off, different, their edges grating, not meeting. She didn't know if...she didn't know a lot of things. And it was obvious she didn't know Jax at all.

Dinner was of a frozen variety, barely thawed, most of it discarded in the trash, before she left for the club. She was distracted, wondering if Jax would be there, if Lori was still pissed at her. Fighting made her stomach ache, a hold-over from family dinners that always turned into arguments. And fighting with Lori left her with an empty feeling in the pit of that upset stomach.

The alley was blocked off with crime scene tape and she went in through the front door, wondering if there'd been another robbery. The club seemed empty but it was still early. Sam was behind the bar as usual, but he was deep in conversation with Mack and neither looked up as she walked through the club.

It wasn't until she was opening her locker that she realized she'd left her camisole behind, somewhere in Jax's room. She sighed, groaning. She'd lost more clothes since she'd gotten this job. She wondered idly if she could use that as a tax deduction.

Nikki was almost dressed, after finally finding all the pieces to her leopard print outfit, the bikini bottom, halter-top and garter belt. She was sitting at the mirror, just finishing her make-up when Lori burst into the room.

"Oh, my God, Nikki. Can you believe it? Right here...right outside the door. I'm surprised Mack's open, but he such a greedy bastard."

Lori was trying to light a cigarette, but struggling, her hands shaking. She finally succeeded, drawing in a deep lungful of smoke, dropping down on the couch.

"Whoa, slow down. What are you talking about?" Nikki turned on the chair, leaning on the back.

"Have you been under a rock all day? There was a murder...three murders...right outside in the alley." To add emphasis, Lori pointed dramatically with her cigarette, leaving a trail of ash on the cushions.

Nikki felt the blood drain from her face. "In the alley? When? Who?" Her hands started to shake and she dropped the make-up brush she held.

"Last night. They found Neon in a dumpster, China across the alley, with her druggy boyfriend."

Nikki's stomach did a sickening roll and she closed her eyes, drawing a deep breath. Lori seemed oblivious to Nikki's reaction and went on, waving her cigarette, her voice rising in pitch as she got into the meat of her story.

"Neon had been killed first, earlier, put in the dumpster. It's why she didn't show up for work. Then, the druggy stalker boyfriend must have been waiting for China and killed her. And then he..." Lori scowled, the cigarette suddenly still in her hand.

"But that doesn't make any sense. Who killed the boyfriend? He didn't kill himself." She shook her head, the cigarette back between her lips.

"How did they die?" Nikki's voice was barely a whisper. She closed her eyes, willing Lori to say anything other than with a knife. She could still feel the cold snick of the blade the man had held to her throat.

"Neon was strangled or something. But the other two..." Lori leaned forward, her eyes unnaturally bright. "They were torn to shreds. All cut up, not with a knife, but like, with claws. Bitten too, from what the papers said."

Nikki bolted from her chair, making it to the bathroom just in time to lose her meager dinner into the toilet. Lori came into the bathroom and crouched beside Nikki, holding her hair away from her face.

"Didn't know this was going to hit you that hard. I didn't think you knew China that well. And no one knew Neon."

Nikki looked up at Lori, at the cigarette clamped between her lips, squinting against the spiral of smoke. She shook her head.

"No, I didn't but...it's...he was there. The boyfriend, last night. When I left. He...he held a knife to my throat and then..." Nikki's voice broke and she sat back on the tile floor. Lori tore off a paper towel from the roll on the sink, handing it to Nikki.

"You got away? Damn, Nikki, seriously? Did you go to the police?"

"No." She shook her head, wiping her mouth, her breath rough, panting. "I...Jax...the guy from the club..." She gestured over her shoulder, in the direction of the muted thumping music.

"He was there, scared the guy off. And he ran away. The guy, I mean." She looked up at Lori. "Jax saved my life."

"Yeah. I guess he did. Real hero. Then what?" Lori's voice was suddenly cool and she was watching Nikki closely, head tilted to the side. Nikki knew the look, knew she'd have to bluff her way through this or hurt Lori's feelings even more than she already had.

Nikki wrinkled her nose in disgust. "You were right, Lori. He's no good. Pulled me out of the alley, dragged me to his place and...well, it wasn't any good." She dropped her eyes, hoping Lori would think the rising flush her cheeks was from being sick.

"Yeah. Okay." Lori stood, looking down at Nikki. "Told you. Guys are just...shit sometimes." She held out her hand.

"Come on. You're up soon. I hear Eden's music starting. You're after that, right?"

Nikki took the outstretched hand, letting Lori pull her to her feet. "Yeah. I'll be out. Need to rinse my mouth."

Lori shut the door behind her and Nikki looked at her face in the speckled mirror over the sink. She looked like hell, her make-up smeared, her hair sticking in damp straggles around her forehead. She splashed cold water on her face, further destroying her make-up.

The music through the wall swelled, a few shouts and cat-calls reaching Nikki. She sat down at the big mirror, reapplying liner and mascara and a swipe of lipstick. Despite hearing about the killings, and having to lie to Lori, she felt a tremor of anticipation running through her veins. Jax knew she was working. And despite any mixed feelings she had, any insecurity, she wanted to see him. Desperately.

*

Jax was in his room, alone. Bec had left to go back to his pack. It was hard to imagine his little brother with a pack of his own, or as an alpha. He'd always just been the pup nipping at his heels, getting in his way, generally making a nuisance of himself. Even if Jax loved him, Bec still drove him crazy.

But he couldn't dwell on that at the moment. The moon was approaching full, the minutes ticking by relentlessly. Jax knew, as did every lycan, the exact second the moon became full. It was hard-wired into their very cells. And tonight it was just after eleven o'clock...eleven twelve and seventeen seconds, to be exact.

The preparation was the same, pretty basic, nothing complicated. He took his watch off, before he stripped his t-shirt over his head and tugged off his jeans, tossing the clothes on the bed. The process of change was violent and clothes just got in the way, and then got ruined. He barked out a brief laugh. Bec had been notorious, growing up, for tearing through clothes, always waiting too long, using the same excuse that he'd been in the middle of something, and that became a running joke after they'd found yet another set of tattered clothes in his room.

Jax paced restlessly back and forth. Everything felt too small, cramped, from the four walls that surrounded him, to his very skin. There were just a few minutes left before the moon turned full and in the last moments in this human body, he thought of Nikki. Her scent still permeated his room, clung to the sheets he refused to strip from the bed. She was inescapable, everywhere. He took a deep breath and then it started.

Muscles stretched and grew, bones lengthened and twisted, taking him from an upright man to a four-legged wolf, with remarkable speed but no little amount of pain. There was always a brief instant where he was convinced his body would explode, his skin torn from his bones, in that final second as a man, before he dropped to the floor as a wolf.

Then the pain was gone and he was as he should be, a sleek, dominating wolf. He shook himself, ruffling the fur on his body, feeling the power in his limbs, the strength that he had in his human form multiplied, intensified. He loved this feeling, limitless power and grace in one amazing package.

Inside the body of the wolf, Jax still retained his consciousness, the essence of who he was still accessible, but subordinate to the wolf he had become. Every sense was heightened, even more than when he was human, his sense of smell the most sensitive. The world was a kaleidoscope of scents and uppermost in all of them was Nikki.

He lifted his muzzle, inhaling deeply. Even in this form, her scent was intoxicating. It was all he could do to not jump on the bed and roll in the sheets. He shook his head, eyes closed, whining low in his throat. Now was not the time for this.

Bec was waiting, he could hear the sound of his nails scratching on the pavement at the back of the house. Jax padded down the stairs and through to the back of the house. It occurred to him that the conveniences of modern living worked well for werewolves. There was a large dog door built into the back kitchen door. He nosed it open and found Bec, along with several of Bec's renegade pack members, and the rest of Jax's pack waiting for him.

Jax took the lead, heading down the alley behind the house. Bec was trotting alongside and out of habit Jax nipped at his shoulder, reminding him who was alpha male. But Bec stayed shoulder to shoulder with Jax, growling low in his throat, making it clear he was holding his own as alpha male of his own pack.

Shaking his head, he turned, Bec tight to his shoulder. The rest of the wolves fanned out through the neighborhood, taking different routes, with different agendas, quickly disappearing. Bec and Jax headed for the club.

Once the mouth of the alley came into sight, Jax took the lead, Bec finally dropping back. He inched his way into the dark alley, slinking beneath the yellow crime scene tape, already fluttering in places in tatters on the ground, nose twitching, picking through the scents. He caught Nikki's scent and he closed his eyes for a brief moment.

Bec was beside him again, whining softly and Jax walked further into the alley, staying in the shadows. They paused, muzzles raised, both sifting through the complex scents that swirled around them. Jax could smell his own scent, his human scent, on the dumpster and where he'd stood over Nikki. He knew from the roll of Bec's eyes that caught it as well.

Both wolves stopped, hackles raised. The scent of death was thick here, clinging to the dumpster, and across the alley, rising around them. Bec was whining loudly now, a high-pitched sound and Jax turned, growling low in his throat. Bec stopped but continued to look uneasy, his eyes wide, a ruff of fur standing out around his neck.

Then it hit Jax. There was another scent here, something oddly out of place, strangely familiar, but with a undercurrent of danger. It was almost nauseating in its intensity. He backed away from it, shaking his head, trying to clear it from his nostrils. Bec looked at Jax, confused, but then he caught a whiff, backpedalling so fast his hindquarters slipped on the damp concrete. He scrambled wildly, gaining his footing and bolting out of the alley.

Jax stayed a moment longer, his heart racing, trying to understand what was happening, why this particular scent was so familiar, yet so alarming. Finally he gave up, shaking his head, turning to leave the alley, to go find Bec before he did something foolish.

But then he stopped. From inside the club, through the walls, over the catcalls of the men, his sensitive ears heard music. Nikki's music, the song she'd danced to the first night he'd seen her. He stopped and waited.

Chapter Five

Nikki was working through her second routine of the night, making her way to the end of the stage. The crowd was sparse; just a few die-hard guys who weren't scared off by the crime scene tape. Or maybe they were perversely drawn to it. She really didn't know or care. Her heart wasn't in it tonight, even less so than usual. Jax wasn't there.

At the end of her first set, she'd stood up, tossing her hair back, a big smile on her face. She'd look toward the back of the club and froze, her smile frozen, still pasted on, her heart skipping a beat. But she didn't see him.

She grabbed her scattered bits of clothing and left the stage. She'd changed, thankful for once Lori was someplace else besides lounging in the dressing room. Only Eden was there, sitting on the couch, a cell phone jammed against her ear. Nikki glanced at her, got a scowl in return, and turned to her locker, pulling on the first thing that she found, a lime green tank and tap shorts.

She was back on the floor, eyes searching the farthest corners, but he wasn't there. The place was so empty there seemed to be more girls than customers. She saw Lori watching her and Nikki took a step toward her, smiling, but Lori had turned to the guy next to her, pulling him toward one of the private rooms.

Nikki sighed, tried to mingle with the remaining customers, but eventually found herself alone at the bar, nursing her one free drink. Mack was nowhere in sight and Sam seemed distracted and distant.

The drink was finished and she was debating about calling it a night when Mack materialized at her elbow.

"Hey, great, you're still here. Stick around. Eden's gotta leave, some kind of emergency and Lori's asked to go home early again. You're it. Do one more set and then you can call it a night."

Mack patted her on the ass and left her standing with her mouth open. Sam walked down to where she was standing, a drink in his hand.

"Here, you look like you could use this. On the house."

"Thanks. Mack has a way of ruining my nights more often than not." Nikki took a sip of the drink, sputtering.

"Jeez, Sam. Any soda in here at all, or just straight alcohol?"

He just smiled and moved off to the other end of the bar. Nikki sipped the drink for a while, the alcohol working its way through her body, first making her warm and a little fuzzy around the edges, and then slightly unsteady. She finished the drink and headed back to dress for her next set.

She changed back into her leopard print outfit and didn't care if someone had already seen her wearing it tonight. And she didn't care if her hair was messy or her make-up was fading. At that point, she was feeling sorry for herself and somewhat used by men, Mack at the top of her list, Jax a close second.

It didn't hit her until she started her routine that she was far drunker than she realized. She stumbled once, caught herself on the pole and then stumbled again. And then she decided she'd be better off on all fours, working her way to the end of the stage.

And for all the difference it made. There were just a handful of guys left, clustered around the bar, not even looking at the stage. Nikki frowned, her eyes drifting over the rest of the empty club, out of habit searching for Jax. But he still wasn't there.

As soon as the music ended, she was up, wobbling slightly as she collected the pieces of her costume. She was angry and hurt, at Jax and at Mack, and at pretty much all men.

Lori was still in the dressing room, in street clothes. She slammed her locker as Nikki came in.

"Hey, I'm sorry about this. I didn't know Mack was going to make you stay."

Nikki waved her hand. "It's alright. I need the money. Besides, what the hell else do I have to do?" She dropped down on the couch, clutching her costume in her hands.

Lori watched Nikki for a minute and then opened her locker, pulling out a robe and holding it out to Nikki. "Here, put this on. You're a pathetic drunk and even more pathetic when you're nak*d."

Nikki caught the teasing tone and smiled, slipping the robe on and pulling it around her body.

"Yeah, I know. I'm just feeling sorry for myself is all." She played with the sash of the robe, eyes down cast, the sudden sting of tears suddenly taking her by surprise. She never cried, hadn't cried in ages. But tonight, it all seemed too much.

Lori perched on the edge of the make-up table. "He wasn't here, was he?"

Nikki looked up. Lori's voice was low, a small smile on her lips.

"No." Nikki shook her head as a tear slid down her cheek. She quickly brushed it away.

Lori swept across the room, sitting down beside Nikki on the couch. "You really are smitten with him, aren't you?"

Nikki sniffled, wiping her nose on her sleeve. "Smitten. That's such an old-fashioned word." She drew a deep breath.

"But you were right. He's just like all the others. We...he...it was good. Really good." She turned to Lori, tears running down her face.

"It was perfect, everything he did and said was the right thing. But then, in the morning...he was completely different. Like he wanted me gone, lost all interest and couldn't get rid of me fast enough. I don't know...and then his brother was there..."

"Whoa, wait. You had a threesome? You?" Lori shook her head. "Never would I have thought that."

"No, not like that. We were...he'd come back to bed and we'd...or I thought we were going to, maybe he wanted to...anyway, his brother just walked in."

"And then what?" Lori pulled out a cigarette, lighting it and settling back on the couch.

"Nothing. I mean, they got into an argument about something, and I just got dressed and left. I wasn't interested in sticking around and watching them fight. It was completely awkward."

"So you think... what? He just wanted a one-night stand?"

Nikki nodded. "Yeah. I think so. Pretty much. I think the morning sex was more like he thought he had to...not that he wanted to. Like he owed it to me or something."

"Did he say that?" Lori blew a stream of smoke toward the ceiling.

"No, of course not. He said he wanted me...wanted me to stay. But at first...he didn't look like he did. Like it wasn't the first thing on his mind." Nikki stood, weaving slightly. "It's all confusing. All I know is he's not here and I feel like I got used." She shrugged off Lori's robe, pulling on her jeans and t-shirt.

"For what it's worth, I'm sorry, Nikki. I know I give you shit about him, but I'm sorry anyway."

Nikki turned. "I thought you had a date or something. Mack said..."

"Yeah, well, I got stood up. The a**hole just called, said he didn't feel like going out."

"Mark?" Nikki grabbed her purse, shutting her locker.

"No, um...this was Steve. Mark is...well, over, I guess." She leaned forward, stubbing out her cigarette.

"Listen, let's get the hell out of here. Come over to my apartment. We haven't had any girl time in ages. We can make popcorn and stay up all night."

Nikki smiled. "Night's almost over with already. But yeah, that sounds like a good idea. I miss you, Lori. I miss hanging out."

Lori stood up, stuffing her cigarettes into her purse. "You ready? Then let's hit it."

Nikki pushed open the door to the alley, Lori right behind her. As soon as she saw the yellow tape, she stopped, Lori bumping into her from behind. The last place she wanted to be was in the alley. Her body went cold, the image of the man with the knife rising up in her mind, followed by one of Neon and China.

"Oh, shit. I don't want to go this way. Go back inside..." Both girls turned and reached for the door handle at the same time, but it slammed shut, apparently locked from the inside.

"Crap. Mack's already locked it for the night. Bastard." Lori slammed her hand against the door. "Fine. We'll just go, heads down, and get out of the alley. There's nothing here that can hurt us, right? No killer hangs around waiting in an alley two nights in a row. That would just be stupid."

Nikki took a step forward, peering into the darkness. "Lori, wait. There's something moving by that dumpster."

A shadow had detached itself, moving across the alley toward them. Nikki grabbed Lori's arm, clutching her tightly. Lori pulled them back against the door.

"What the hell?"

And then Nikki laughed, her grip on Lori's arm loosening.

"It's just a dog, Lori. A big one, but just a dog."

In the next instant, all hell broke loose.

*

Jax heard Nikki's voice on the other side of the door, the one that Nikki had emerged from last night. He melted back into the shadows between two dumpsters, watching and waiting. There was another woman's voice, indistinct, of no consequence to Jax. His entire being was focused on Nikki, every sense attuned to her.

There was movement at his side and Bec was there. Jax growled low and Bec sank down on his haunches, whining softly. Whatever had spooked him still bothered him, but he'd mastered enough of his fear to stand by Jax. At least Jax hoped he had.

After what seemed like an interminable wait, the door from the club opened and Nikki emerged, a tall blonde woman close behind her. He watched as they hesitated and then tried to go back into the club. But the door closed and was apparently locked and they were left standing in the dark alley.

Jax could smell the fear rolling off of Nikki in waves. She must have known about the murders and combined with what happened the night before, Jax knew she was terrified. He whined softly, aching to go to her, helpless in this form to do anything but watch.

Something else caught his attention. The scent from last night, the strange scent that had been on Nikki. The tiniest whiff reached his nose and then it was gone.

He crouched, waiting for them to move, willing them to leave the alley, but they stayed by the door, talking in low voices, now tinged with fear.

And then, from his right, a shape broke from between two dumpsters, something larger than him or Bec, but still low to the ground, wolf-like in shape. And with its movement came a rush of its scent, the same scent that blanketed the alley, but stronger, more pungent. Whatever it was had camouflaged itself with the overwhelming confusion of smells, scents from the murders, from the crush of people who had been in the alley. And with its own scent. Jax realized whatever it was must have been there the night before, after he and Nikki had left.

The creature finally came into view beneath the feeble light from the single bulb above the club door and Jax got his first good look.

The fur was gray, long and matted, blood-soaked around the neck and shoulders. As it advanced toward the women, Jax saw the low, long body of a wolf, tail held low. Its lips were pulled back, yellowing teeth visible. But there was something wrong about the proportions, something misaligned about the whole creature.

As he watched, the creature crouched, its hindquarters tensing, preparing to lunge. The hackles went up across Jax's shoulders, a low growl rippling from his throat. He took a stiff-legged step into the alley, Bec shifting around to his left, closing off the entrance to the alley.

The creature lunged at the women, jaws snapping and Jax was immediately in motion, aiming low, going for the belly. He saw a blur of tawny fur as Bec leapt in front of the creature, his body between the women and the snarling mouth full of teeth.

Jax heard Bec's snarl and then a yelp of pain as the two connected, Bec falling with a thud to the ground, but the creature's momentum was deflected away from the women. Jax hit it hard then, knocking it to the ground. He immediately dove for the soft underside, teeth tearing at the thick fur. The stench filled his nostrils and now the taste of the animal was in his mouth, rank and fetid.

But the thing was incredibly powerful, twisting beneath Jax, kicking at him with its back legs. Jax lost his grip and sprang back as the creature quickly gained its feet.

It turned, snarling, yellow eyes darting between Jax and Bec, who now stood in front of the women. Bec stood with his front feet spread wide, white teeth bared, but Jax could see blood welling from a gash on Bec's shoulder, a spreading stain darkening the blonde fur.

Jax glanced at Nikki and the other woman. They were huddled together in the doorway, apparently unhurt, but clearly terrified. He met Nikki's eyes and wished for all the world he could tell her who he was, that he was here for her. That he'd kill for her.

Jax looked back at the animal, watching it carefully as it started slowly circling, moving away from Bec and the women, toward the dumpsters to Jax's right, and a possible escape down the alley to the street. Jax advanced, intending to cut off it off, take it to ground and tear out its throat.

But in a flash of gray fur and yellow teeth, the wolf-thing sprang to the top of the nearest dumpster and from there to the low roof of the building across from the club entrance. Jax's head snapped up and he watched in amazement as the creature turned, yellow eyes glowing briefly in the moon light. It gave Jax a murderous look and then turned, silently disappearing into the night.

Bec was whining softly and Jax turned back toward the group. Nikki was sitting on the ground, shaking, Lori crouched next to her, arms around Nikki's shoulders. For a moment, Jax was struck by the protective stance of the blonde woman, the feral grimace on her face as she watched them.

Bec had moved to the side, panting, glancing nervously back down the alley and then up to the top of the dumpsters as if anticipating another attack.

But Jax's only focus was Nikki. She was staring at him, her eyes wide. He took a tentative step toward her, never breaking eye contact. She shrank back, the blonde woman almost growling at him. He made the conscious effort to lower his hackles, to relax his body, raise his tail. He took one step and then another, moving toward Nikki.

"Nikki, I've got mace in my purse. I'm gonna spray this thing if it doesn't back off..." Jax saw the woman's hand slid into her purse and he stopped, whining softly.

Nikki sat up, pulling away from the woman. "No, wait. Don't..." She leaned forward, setting her hands in front of her on the pavement. Jax wagged his tail, just the barest movement.

"Nikki! Stop. Are you crazy? That's a wolf, for God's sake."

"It's okay, Lori. Really...somehow it's okay."

Nikki crawled forward, her eyes locked with Jax's. He cursed his inability to speak, longed to tell her...something, anything. But all he could do was whine softly. Slowly he extended his muzzle and Nikki reached for him, her fingers brushing the fur beneath his chin.

"For fuck's sake, Nikki, do you want to lose an arm?" The woman had her head down, frantically searching in her purse, panic coating her voice. Jax saw movement from the corner of his eye. Bec was standing now, moving silently toward the woman. With one quick tug, he grabbed her purse in his teeth, breaking the strap and backing away with it in his mouth, its contents falling onto the pavement.

"Oh, shit. Nikki..."

There was a noise behind them, at the club door, voices and someone rattling the knob. Jax stepped back and Bec dropped the purse, both turning in tandem, disappearing down the alley. When they reached the street, Jax stopped, looking back. Nikki was still on her hands and knees, watching him. Then the door to the club swung open and there were people spilling into the alley. Jax turned, melting into the shadows, heading for home.

*

"What the hell were you thinking? Are you f**king crazy?"

Lori was pacing across the living room of her cramped apartment, puffing nervously on a cigarette. Nikki had taken refuge on the couch, a deteriorating afghan wrapped around her shoulders.

"I'm not crazy, Lori."

"Then you're drunk." She stopped in front of Nikki. "You can't pet something that just tried to kill you."

"It was a wolf, I think. And it didn't try to kill us. It saved us." Her voice was low, her mind still spinning, trying to make some kind of sense out of what just happened.

"You wouldn't know a wolf if it bit you. You grew up in the middle of Philly. There are no wolves in Philly." Lori finally stopped pacing, sitting down on the other end of the couch.

"Whatever...that one, the black one...it wasn't going to hurt us." Nikki looked down at her hand, the one that she'd touched the wolf with. She held it up to Lori.

"See? No teeth marks. I'm fine."

"Well, my purse is ruined. That damn dog tore it out of my hands. You can't tell me that's not an attack."

Nikki sighed. Her head ached and she was exhausted. Lori had given her a shot of whiskey when they'd gotten here, to calm her down, stop her shaking. But all it had done was make her tired. She slid down on the couch, pulling the afghan up over her shoulders.

"Lori, whatever it was...it wasn't the thing that wanted to kill us. The gray wolf...animal...thing. That was the one that attacked us. The others, the black and yellow one, I think they were trying to protect us."

Lori snorted. "You really are drunk, if you think that. Did you hit your head maybe?" She leaned over, reaching for Nikki's head. Nikki slapped her hand away.

"Knock it off. I'm too tired for this." She closed her eyes, wishing for sleep, almost wishing she'd gone back to her own apartment. Lori was wound up tight, from adrenaline or nerves or whatever got Lori wound up.

"You wanna crash in my bed? The sheets are clean, more or less. At least, I'm the only one that's slept on them recently."

Nikki opened one eye. "That means you're too wired to sleep?"

Lori nodded, lighting up another cigarette. "Yeah. I usually am when I get home. This just made things worse. It's not so bad if I have a date. You know, I have someone to work off all this energy with." She looked over at Nikki.

"But I get the feeling you're not up for that right now, are you?"

Nikki threw off the afghan, shaking her head. "No, sorry." She leaned over, planting a kiss on Lori's forehead. "I just want to sleep and try to forget whatever the hell just happened."

In Lori's room, Nikki stripped, climbing into the bed. She really didn't care if the sheets were clean or not. She was tired and she wasn't alone. Somehow knowing Lori was prowling around in the next room calmed her down.

Nikki turned off the bedside light, leaving the room bathed in the light of the full moon. She rolled over in bed, looking out the window. The moon was visible, hanging low in the sky.

Funny, she'd never really paid any attention to it before. It was just there, or not. It struck her that she didn't know why it did what it did or when. She supposed if she'd paid more attention in school, or actually finished school, she'd probably know.

But she did know that things had gotten very strange lately. She yawned, pulling the blanket over her shoulder. She was on the verge of sleep when the thought came to her that things had gotten very strange just about the time Jax had appeared in her life.

Sunrise was not far off before Nikki finally fell asleep. And just on the edge of sleep, she had the briefest vision of silver eyes, glowing in the moonlight, watching her as she slept.

Chapter Six

The sun had been up for a couple of hours and Bec was the kitchen of Jax's house, sitting at the table while Jax cleaned the wound on his arm. The gash was bloody and ragged, but luckily not very deep. Several pack members from both packs were there, standing back, watching silently.

"Shit, Jax. Take it easy, okay? Whatever the hell you're doing, it hurts." Bec was trying to pull away from Jax.

"Stop whining." Jax wiped the wound again. "The bleeding's stopped now," Jax tossed the cloth into the sink, "you should have stitches, but I'm pretty sure you'll live."

"Yeah, no to the stitches. Just wrap it up. It should heal pretty quickly anyway."

Jax grabbed some gauze and bandages from a nearby cabinet. "Finn, here. Help me with this."

A short stocky man stepped forward, holding the gauze in place over the gash while Jax wrapped the bandage around Bec's muscular arm.

"What the hell happened, Jax?" Bec, Finn and the others had been at the house when Jax returned, just before sunrise, and once they'd all returned to human form, the packs had drifted down to the kitchen.

"I'm not sure. We were attacked, but I'm not really sure by what." Jax stood back, looking at the bandage.

"Bec, do you have any idea what that thing was?"

Bec flexed his arm, scowling at the bandage. "No idea."

"Another pack maybe? Someone new that's moved into our territory?" Finn was standing, his arms crossed, at the end of the table. There were murmurs from the other pack members.

Jax shook his head, pulling out a chair, sitting down beside Bec. "It's not from around here. No other pack has said anything about this, and I'm pretty sure even our rivals would have said something."

"There's something off about it. The scent, for one thing." Jax grimaced at the memory. There was something tugging at the edge of his mind, but he couldn't quite place his finger on what it was.

"Jax, was the scent familiar to you?"

Bec's brow furrowed. "No. It smelled bad, terrible." He ducked his head and Jax let it pass. No use letting Bec's pack know he had turned tail and ran.

"There was something there, something familiar. But I don't know what it was." Jax shook his head. "Maybe I'm just crazy, but I have the feeling I know what that thing is."

"If you knew what it is, would you know how to kill it?"

Jax looked up. Finn was looking at him intently, as were the rest of the pack members.

"Yeah, probably. Everything has a weakness. It's just knowing what it is." He ran his hands through his hair, tugging at his ponytail.

"It's just trying to figure out what the damned thing is...and what it wants."

*

"Hey, wake up."

Someone was shaking her and Nikki wanted them to stop. Her head ached abysmally and her body hurt. She swatted at the hand on her shoulder and the hand swatted back. Groggily she opened one eye.

Lori was sitting on the edge of the bed, still dressed in her street clothes, holding the ever-present cigarette and a glass of juice.

"Here." She held out the juice toward Nikki.

Nikki smiled, sipping the juice. "Thanks. What time is it?"

"After three. You've been out like a champ for hours."

"Have you even slept?"

"Yeah, I think so. Maybe. But you were mumbling and whining in your sleep, so, you know, that kept me awake."

"Liar. I never talk in my sleep." She set the glass on the bedside table, sitting up against the headboard, pulling the sheet over her chest.

"So what the hell really did happen last night?"

"Honey, I have no idea. You thought you'd made a new best friend out of a wolf and I thought we were going to be torn to shreds."

The words hung in the air, both girls staring wide-eyed at the other.

"Oh, shit. China...and her boyfriend. You don't think...could it have been that thing?" Lori spoke first.

"I don't want to think about it." Nikki solemnly shook her head. "No way. Not going there. Too many bad things live in my head already. I'm not putting a wolf in the mix."

Nikki sat up. "I need to go home. Move." She poked at Lori with her foot.

Lori stood up. "You calling a cab or walking?"

"Cab. There's no way I'm ever walking anywhere in this city again. Besides, my head is killing me."

"I'll call one for you while you get dressed." Lori left the room and Nikki pulled on her clothes. They smelled funny, like rotting food. It made her stomach turn and she decided it must have been from the alley. She'd be home soon and take a long hot shower. Maybe even get in a nap before work.

"Cab'll be here in about fifteen minutes or so. You want something to eat..." Lori stopped, laughing. "I take it by the shade of green you've turned, that's a no?"

"Yeah, no. And never let Sam make you a drink on the house. I think that thing was straight up, no mixer. Strong." Nikki shivered.

"You're such a light-weight, Nikki. Here..." She extended her hand. In the palm were two white pills.

Nikki looked at them suspiciously. "And they are?"

"Aspirin. What'd you think I was giving you? You said you have a headache." Lori shook her head as Nikki took the pills.

"Listen, my only vices now are cigarettes and men, sometimes a drink, nothing worse. Well, those are bad enough, but that's it." She held up three fingers.

"Scout's honor, Nikki. Not for a long, long time. I've been good."

Nikki went to the tiny kitchen and filled a glass at the sink, downing the pills. Lori followed her, leaning against the doorframe.

"You believe me, right?"

Nikki looked at her friend. Finally she nodded.

"Sorry, Lori. Yeah, I do. It's been a long f**king night. Come here." Nikki held out her arms and Lori walked into her embrace.

The sound of a blaring horn made both of them jump. They stepped apart, laughing.

"You working tonight?" Nikki was searching under the couch for her shoes.

"No, I have the night off. Plan to catch up on my sleep, now that there's no mumbling, snoring body in my bed."

Nikki shook her head, laughing, pulling on her second shoe. "I don't snore." She reached up, planting a kiss on Lori's cheek as she opened the apartment door.

"I'll see you tomorrow then, yeah? Take care and get some sleep."

The cab ride was brief and Nikki was home, standing beneath the pounding hot water in her shower, letting the water sluice through her hair. She'd never been so glad to get out of her clothes, contemplating throwing them in the garbage. Even the cabbie had given her a dirty scowl as she got into the cab. It was funny; she'd never noticed that the alley smelled that bad, even with all the dumpsters.

She spent a long time drying her hair, sitting by the window in her bedroom. The street below was busy, but she knew in the next hour or so, as people started coming home from work, it would be packed.

It occurred to her, not for the first time, what an odd life she led. Just when most people were coming home from work or school, sitting down with family for dinner, she was getting ready to take her clothes off for a roomful of strange men.

She shook her head, padding back to the bathroom. There was no good reason to think about what might have been if things had gone differently. She'd given up years ago wondering how different her life would have been if her parents hadn't been her parents, hadn't fought every night of her life, hadn't dragged her into the middle of the arguments, made her choose sides. And hadn't died in a car crash two months before she was to graduate from high school.

Thinking didn't change anything, it just brought up a lot of pain. Pain Nikki could really do without.

She thought about dinner instead, poking around in the still-empty refrigerator. Hiding in the back she unearthed a stale bagel and a tub of semi-petrified cream cheese. Toasted and covered with spread, she called it dinner.

It was almost time to leave for work but the last place Nikki wanted to be was at the club. But they were down two dancers and Lori was off. Nikki cringed, knowing why they were short. It didn't make her want to be there, but she knew Mack would fire her in a heartbeat if she called in. He'd have a new girl hired and using her locker probably before Nikki would even have a chance to clean out her stuff.

But there was no way in hell she was walking down that alley. She opened the front door of the club, the sounds and smells washing over her. It was Friday and the place was almost full. As luck would have it, Mack was sitting at the end of the bar, right by the door. He caught her eye, scowling at her.

"You know better. Dancers use the alley door." He jerked his head toward the door she'd just entered, indicating she should go back out. Normally she would have. But not tonight.

Something snapped. She walked over to Mack, leaning close, her hand on his arm.

"Mack, give me a break. People were killed in that alley, just the other day. China's boyfriend held a knife to my throat. Last night..." She stopped. There was no way she could explain last night to Mack.

Mack's eyes were cold as they met hers. "Yeah. And I have rules. You don't like them, you know where the door is." He jerked his head again in the direction of the front door, his voice hard.

"Look, Nikki. I like you. Really. You're a great dancer, the customers love you. But...you know, you're stubborn. And you gotta respect that I got rules here. Okay?" He stood, opening the door for her. She stepped out onto the sidewalk.

"You got a choice. Follow my rules, use the alley. Or..."

The door closed behind her as she left the club without thought about how she would be able to pay the month's rent. She had enough of Mack, the degradation, the always feeling as though she held no value other than in how hot she could make the men who stuffed her panties with one dollar bills. Enough already. Moving almost mechanically, she walked to the corner of the building, the mouth of the alley looming ahead of her.

The clouds obscured any moonlight that might have penetrated the depths of the alley and the dim bulb above the club door didn't do much besides cast a faint yellow circle on the door. Nikki took a deep breath and turned, walking away from the club.

*

Jax opened the door to the club. He'd caught a whiff of Nikki's scent, clear and rich, on the night air. He inhaled, closing his eyes, and then stepped inside the dim club.

The place was packed, but he picked up on a low level of disquiet in the air, a subtle tension. Jax moved along the back wall, watching the crowd, looking for Nikki, or for the tall blonde woman that had been in the alley with Nikki. But neither appeared to be mingling with the crowd.

And then it occurred to Jax that there didn't seem to be any girls in the crowd, or dancing on the stage. He cocked his head, listening intently to the conversations around him, finally picking up the drift of what they were saying.

There seemed to be no girls working, or very few. Jax worked his way toward the bar, finally managing to catch the bartender's eye.

"What can I get you?" The man...Sam, Jax remembered his name was Sam...seemed on harried, on edge.

"Campari and soda. And has Nikki been up yet?"

Sam hesitated, looking up at Jax. "I remember you." He shook his head.

"No. And she won't be up." Sam turned, speaking over his shoulder.

"Is she off?" Jax frowned. Nikki usually worked Fridays.

A voice at his shoulder spoke. "She's off alright. Permanently. Bitch quit."

Jax turned, scowling. An older, heavy-set man was standing next to him. Jax recognized him as the club owner.

"Quit? When?"

"Tonight, start of her shift. Wanted to come in through the front door. She knows the rules...dancers use the back alley or not at all. Guess she chose not at all." The man suddenly seemed to realize he was talking to a customer.

"But, you know, we have lots of other girls...Eden is working tonight, should be up any minute. She's gorgeous, you'd like her. If you want, I'll reserve a private room for you, set up a dance..."

Jax barely heard the rest of the man's pitch. As he shouldered his way past him, pushing open the front door to the sidewalk, he heard the guy calling after him but he didn't stop to listen.

Once on the sidewalk, he ran a hand through his hair, panic rising up in him, his heart skidding out of control in his chest. The irony of the situation hit him; he'd finally found the perfect woman, only to lose her over something as stupid as this, as simple as not knowing where to find her.

There was no other way for him to find Nikki than to trail her through the city. The thought had crossed his mind to get her cell number or ask for her address, but the time never seemed right, or it had slipped his mind. Or...

As much as he wanted to, he couldn't blame Bec for this, even though he'd barged into his room, barged in on him in bed with Nikki.

He shook his head. There wasn't time now to worry about what he hadn't done. It was time to find Nikki.

His senses were still on overdrive, the wolf still strong in him. Even though the moon wasn't completely full, it still affected him deeply. He closed his eyes, opening his senses to the sounds, and particularly the scents around him.

Last night, he'd followed Nikki and Lori back to Lori's apartment. He'd hung in the shadows, ghosting behind the women, never letting them know he was there. Once they'd entered the aging red brick building, it took longer to find which apartment they'd gone into, as he'd climbed the rickety metal fire escape, working his way slowly around the building.

Finally he'd found her scent and he'd crouched outside the bedroom window, watching her sleep as sunrise grew closer. He risked being caught outside the den, barely making it back to his room before he changed back to his human form.

Tonight, the clouds and the impending rain worked in his favor. The air was heavy, holding scents like a sponge. Nikki's was there, as clear as if she was right in front of him.

It wasn't long before he realized he was heading in the same direction, down the same streets he'd gone the night before. She was headed back to Lori's apartment.

Jax hesitated outside the building. There was no easy way to do this, he'd just have to go get her. If she didn't want to come with him...he didn't want to think about that right now. If necessary, he'd just carry her out of the apartment.

The apartment was in an old building, the street door open, two guys sitting on the steps sharing a bottle. Jax walked between them, ignoring their comments.

He climbed the stairs to the third floor, counted the doors in the hall, trying to get his bearings, envisioning what the building looked like from his vantage point on the fire escape. Her scent was so heavy here, mingled with dozens of other pungent scents, it was difficult to know exactly where she was. Taking a deep breath, he knocked on the door he hoped Nikki was behind.

There were voices, and he recognized Nikki's and then Lori's, as she undid the multiple locks on the door. It finally opened a crack, the safety chain still in place and Jax caught a glimpse of Lori's face. She looked at him for a moment, then the door closed. He could hear the chain being pulled back and then the door opened again.

"Come in." Lori held the door for Jax. Her face was an unreadable mask, her voice neutral, but he could sense disapproval in her posture, in the tension at the corners of her eyes.

"Who is it?" He heard Nikki's voice from somewhere in the depths of the tiny apartment.

"It's for you..." Lori closed the door behind Jax. He let her walk ahead of him down the short hall, into a dingy living room.

Nikki was curled up on the couch, a glass of what smelled like straight whiskey in her hand. When she saw him, her eyes went wide with surprise. But her voice was cold.

"Well, I'll be damned. Look who's here." She set her glass on the coffee table, her hand trembling slight. "How'd you find me?"

Her question caught him off guard and he had no ready answer.

"I came to talk to you." He took a step toward her. Lori moved to his left, a not so subtle move that put her between him and Nikki. He was struck again by her protective nature, the way she instinctively seemed to be looking out for Nikki.

And then it hit him. That strange scent he'd smelled on Nikki the night before. He glanced at Lori, but she was looking away. He shook his head, focusing on Nikki.

"I went to the club, to see you." He gradually moved closer as he spoke, trying to slow his beating heart, his shallow breathing. "I wanted to see you, Nikki. See if you were...to see you again."

With all his heart he wanted to scoop her up and carry her away. But he sensed he still had a way to go to win her over.

She frowned at him, clearly confused. "You wanted to see me? Why?"

Lori was perched on the arm of the couch now, arms folded across her chest. Jax glanced at her and then looked back at Nikki.

"Can we go somewhere, talk maybe?"

Nikki looked up at Lori and Jax felt his stomach drop, knowing he'd lost any chance he had. But to his surprise, Lori nodded. Nikki looked as shocked by Lori's nod as he was.

"Really? You think I should go with him?"

"Nikki, he came after you. No other guy's done that. Give him a chance at least." She stood, catching Jax's eye as she walked past.

"Besides, I want a nice peaceful night and if you two are going to be talking...or anything else...I'm not going to be getting any sleep." He saw her suppress a small smile as she left the room.

"Come on." Jax held out his hand and Nikki took it. She stumbled slightly as she put on her shoes and he realized she was a little drunk. But she grabbed her jacket and purse, walking ahead of him down the hall.

Nikki was quiet in the cab ride to his house. Jax opened the door, letting her into the downstairs. There were voices in the kitchen, Bec's and a few other pack members. Jax steered Nikki up the wide staircase and down the hall to his room. He closed the door behind them, thumbing the lock this time, not taking any chance on being interrupted.

"So, this is a really big house. What's the deal?" Nikki tossed her purse on the bed, shrugging out of her jacket.

"It's been in the family for a long time...couple hundred years or so. One of the first built out here, when this land was still far outside the city."

Jax pulled the chair out from the desk. He sat down, elbows on his knees. Nikki was sitting across from him on his bed and it was all he could do to not lunge across the few feet that separated them and take her right there. Her scent, her body, her very being called out to him. But he drew a deep breath, trying to control the primal urges surging through his body.

"Nikki, somehow things got off track with us...and I want to fix things."

She laughed, a harsh sound. "Fix what? Fix that I'm a stripper? I bet you were really happy when you found out I didn't work at the club anymore, huh? Couldn't wait to find me now that I'm not whoring myself on stage for a living." She looked around the room, the high ceilings, the ornate moldings.

"Can't bring a stripper to a house like this. Just not right."

Nikki got off the bed. He sat back in the chair, almost forced back, as Nikki walked up to him.

"You think because I'm a stripper I'm something cheap, just a girl you can use. Pay for whatever you want and then toss me aside."

Nikki leaned forward, her hands on Jax's knees, pushing his legs apart. He resisted and she pushed harder.

"Let me finish that lap dance I started. You never got the full treatment. You broke the rules and touched me. But no touching now."

Jax was breathing hard, the closeness of her body to his setting off a chain reaction of emotions and sensations, not all of them under his control. Having her this close, when he wanted her so badly, was almost more than he could stand.

Nikki leaned forward, her br**sts sliding up the front of his body. He stiffened in response and by the look in her eyes, she knew exactly what she was doing to him. She smiled at him, a smile that didn't reach her eyes. It was the pasted on smile of a temptress who was used to creating a fantasy for men with her body, with her movements.

"You like this, right? I can tell. You're getting all hot and excited, you're getting hard." Her face was inches from his, her breath warm on his cheeks. She leaned further into him, sliding her lips down his neck, her tongue flicking out, hot and wet on his skin.

She turned suddenly, arching her back, her h*ps grinding against his erection. He groaned, his hands instinctively on her waist, holding her tightly. Just as instinctively his h*ps flexing upward. Nikki looked at him over her shoulder. Her face was flushed, her lips parted, leaning back against him.

"See? You all fall for it, the routine, the fantasy. But all this is just make-believe. For me...and for you. I'm just a paper doll, all dressed up, for all of you to use, to play with...to fuck."

She tried to stand but Jax grabbed her upper arms, sitting her back on his lap. His breathing was shallow, his heart thudding in his chest. Having her this close, her scent all around, was driving him insane. That she was hurt by his actions was breaking his heart.

He nuzzled her neck, her hair against his cheek, warm and soft. He closed his eyes, letting the sensation of having her so close wash over him, wrapping his arms around her body, hugging her tightly.

"No, Nikki. You've got it wrong...all wrong." He breathed the words against her neck, his hands sliding up to cup her br**sts. He felt a tightness in his chest, a longing so deep and powerful it made him almost cry. "So very wrong."

Jax stood, turning Nikki around, pulling her against the length of his body. He caressed her face with one hand, the other splayed across her back.

"You're not my fantasy, you're real. You're what I want, just as you are." His eyes traveled over her face, confusion evident in her eyes, along with pain. His voice was hoarse with emotion when he spoke. "You're not just a stripper, Nikki. You're so much more than that to me."

He scooped her up, carrying her to the bed, gently laying her on the blankets. She looked up at him, her hair spread across his pillow, her eyes wide.

"How can I be more? You hardly know me."

Jax climbed onto the bed beside her, fingers tracing over her cheek. "I know. I know here..." He placed his hand on her chest, over her heart. "I feel it, Nikki. In my bones, in my very soul."

He leaned down, brushing his lips against hers. For an instant she didn't respond, but then, slowly she relaxed beneath his touch, her lips parting. After a moment her arms came up and she wrapped them around his neck.

The kiss deepened and he slid one hand beneath her body, pulling her against him. She responded, arching her back, her br**sts pressed against his chest, h*ps against his.

The kiss went on, her tongue flicking out, tracing the contours of his lower lip before slipping into his mouth. The touch of her sent a thrill through his body and he shivered, pulling her closer, his body moving over hers.

He wanted her skin against his, their clothes suddenly a huge obstacle. His hands tugged at the zipper on her jeans, fingers moving restlessly beneath her shirt. She responded instantly, her hands pulling his t-shirt up, palms sliding over his chest.

Then she was pushing him over onto his back, rising up beside him.

"Why do you want me? What makes me so special?" Her voice was low, hesitant, full of doubt.

He looked up at her, her eyes questioning his, longing and hope and a myriad of emotions all playing across her face.

"I want you because you're meant for me. You're my mate, my soul mate...my everything." He held her hand, kissing her fingertips before pulling her down on top of him. She squirmed in his grasp and he saw a smile playing about her lips.

"You're everything I've ever wanted, Nikki. You're like no other girl I've ever met. And I want you, like I've never wanted anything before."

He sat up, pulling his shirt over his head. Reaching for Nikki, he slid her shirt up over her head, her hair falling about her shoulders. He drew a sharp breath as an image of her, as his mate...in wolf form...flashed through his mind. He saw her sleek and agile, the color of sable tinged with fire.

She pushed him back on the bed, reaching for the snap and zipper of his jeans, her lower lip caught in her teeth in concentration. He lay with his arms behind his head, as she slowly pulled down the zipper, tugging his jeans down his hips.

Her fingers were warm as she took his c*ck in her hand and he groaned softly. She held him, stroking him softly, slowly. She watched him, her eyes never leaving his face, her cheeks flushed, lips parted.

When he couldn't take anymore he sat up, tipping her back on the bed. He had her jeans off in a heartbeat, looking down at her lush body spread out beneath him.

"You're the most beautiful woman I've ever seen, Nikki. You're a goddess. Never let anyone tell you any differently. Never tell yourself that either."

She looked up at him with large eyes, tears welling up in them. He leaned forward, her br**sts warm against his chest, kissing her softly. When he withdrew, she was crying.

"No one has ever said that before. At least no one who actually meant it."

"You should be told that every day."

"Are you offering?" She smiled at him, and he nodded.

"Yes...I am."

Jax settled himself over Nikki, resting his elbows beside her shoulders, her legs moving apart, accepting him between them. He wanted to take her, make love to her, but he wanted to let her come to him, let her show him when she was ready.

She caressed his face with soft fingers, her body moving beneath him. Her h*ps were rising to meet his, her thighs brushing against his hips. She'd caught her lip between her teeth again, looking up at him, her eyes no longer filled with pain. But doubt shadowed them.

"Jax, is this more than just a fling for you? There's something else here?"

He nodded. "Far more. I'm falling in love you, Nikki. Like I've never fallen in love with any woman before."

She pulled him to her then, her kiss hot and hard, her h*ps rolling up, seeking him. And he found her, shifting his hips, her incredible warmth surrounding his c*ck as he entered her.

He wanted to make love to her for hours, but some barrier broke loose between them and in minutes they were thrashing in a primal dance, bodies slick with sweat, breath rasping fast and hard, hearts pounding.

Nikki cried out, her body arching up beneath him as she met him, thrust for thrust. Jax was out of control, his body taking over, Nikki's body bringing every cell in his body alive. He ached for release as much as he wanted to prolong this feeling. But the animal urges of his body won.

When he came, it was with a force that shook him to his very core. He threw his head back, almost howling at the ceiling, pushing himself further into Nikki, wanting to be swallowed by her.

She twisted beneath him, her hair a tangled mass flowing across the pillow. Jax felt nuance of her body, every muscle that tightened and pulsed, contracted and released, the ebb and flow of her as she came.

They were a sweaty disheveled mass of arms and legs, twisted sheets, pillows flung to the floor when it was all over. Jax had never been so relaxed, so content, yet so aware of everything around him, especially everything that centered on Nikki. He could sense her heartbeat, her breathing, the flow of blood through her veins. All of it was intoxicating, a heady mixture that made him dizzy.

After a long time she snuggled against him, sighing deeply and he managed to pull the blanket over them. She was so quiet, her breathing slow and regular, that he thought she was asleep. When she spoke, it startled him.

"Do you still mean what you said? About falling in love with me?"

For the second time that night, her question took him by surprise. But for this question he had an answer.

"Of course I do." He kissed her forehead, his fingers winding through her hair. "Why would you think I didn't?"

She shifted uneasily in his arms. "Because no guy ever has...loved me after."

Jax thought his heart would break at the sadness in her voice. He pulled her against him, cradling her body, kissing her forehead, her cheeks, finally resting his chin on her head as he held her.

"Nikki, I'm not one of those guys. When I give you all of me, it's yours to keep for as long as you want me. Nothing will change that. Not with me."

Her shoulders trembled and he realized she was crying. He gently pushed her back, looking into her face.

"I'm sorry, Nikki...I didn't mean to make you cry."

But she was shaking her head, her a smile playing about her lips. "It's okay. It's just an odd place for me to be in...these feelings that I have. I've never felt this way about anyone before. It's...it's scary." She sniffed, wiping her eyes on the sheet.

"I know it is. But you can trust me, Nikki. I promise...I'll never hurt you."

She was looking up at him, her eyes shining in the dim light from the hall.

"Do you believe me, Nikki?"

"I do. I believe you, Jax." The tears spilled from her eyes.

Jax rose over her, holding her face in his hands, his eyes locked with hers.

"Good. Because I love you, Nikki. I can't ask you to feel the same and that's okay. But know that right now, and for as long as I live, I will love you."

