Off the Rack
Indie Short Stories from an Indie Bookstore
by
Helen K. Bailey, Teresa Jones, Brigette Kinney, P. V. LeForge, Jesse Murphree Kemper, Nancy H. Rainey, Len Schweitzer, Shannon Taylor, Stephanie Tillman, Sara Warner

Copyright 2012 P. V. LeForge
Published by Black Bay Books at Smashwords
E-books for people who like to think about what they read.
This book is not available in print.

Smashwords Edition, License Notes 
Thank you for downloading this free e-book. Although this is a free book, it remains the copyrighted property of the authors, and may not be reproduced, copied, and distributed for commercial or noncommercial purposes. If you enjoyed this book, please encourage your friends to download their own copy at Smashwords.com, where they can also discover other works by some of these authors. Thank you for your support. 
Table of Contents

Introduction, by P. V. LeForge
The Student, by Teresa Jones
Drown, by Jesse Murphree Kemper
The Carnival, by Nancy H. Rainey
Time Will Tell, by Stephanie Tillman
Big Daughter, by Sara Warner
Wexford Strawberries, by Brigette Kinney
Invincible, by Helen K. Bailey
Nice and Easy, by Len Schweitzer
Titillate, by Shannon Taylor
The Last Things We Do, by P. V. LeForge
About the Authors
This book is dedicated to the dozens and dozens of clerks and shelvers and ledger-keepers that made The Paperback Rack such an institution in Tallahassee for over 30 years, And also to the thousands and thousands of book-loving customers who kept it afloat, a dollar or two at a time. May there be many more like you.


Introduction
P. V. LeForge

In March of 1984, Len Schweitzer and I opened the doors of The Paperback Rack Bookstore in Tallahassee, Florida.  The stock consisted primarily of books we had taken from the shelves in our own homes, augmented by trips to thrift stores. There were maybe 1,800 books in the store on that first day. I happened upon the name Paperback Rack in Larry McMurtry’s novel All My Friends Are Going to Be Strangers, a novel both Len and I enjoyed. Coincidently, McMurtry himself also owned a used bookstore, although it wasn’t called The Paperback Rack. 
It’s not hard to realize that one opens a bookstore—a good bookstore anyway—because of a love of books. But for me, it was more than that. I had found that, as a writer, I needed to surround myself with books. Immersing myself in literature was like relaxing in the waters of a hot spring. Around literature, I was able to write, without it I stagnated. 
I was not the only one who felt this way. I’m sure Len felt it, as did many of the employees that came and went over the next twenty years. For many of us, being a part of a vibrant bookstore contributed to our creative energy. This collection, which I have wanted to produce for over a decade, is proof that this energy found form. 
Over the years, The Paperback came to be considered one of the very best independent bookstores in the Southeast—a bookstore that survived a recession and the invasion of the megastores. It is only fitting, then that this book is an indie book as well.
As advertised, all the stories here were written by people who spent quality time working at The Paperback Rack. Several were English majors, who considered writing their primary interest. Others are publishing their first stories in this volume. We all have other professions now: security, social work, education, librarianship. I live on a horse farm. But wherever we are, books and literature continue to be important in our lives.
An electronic book, unlike a paper publication, is a living, growing, and changing thing. Typos can be corrected, bad words can be exchanged for good ones, stories can be added or deleted. Readers are encouraged to be proofreaders and copyeditors; if you see an error, let me know and I will fix it. By the same token, there were far more Paperback Rack workers than are represented here. Some simply had no stories to contribute, others have dropped out of sight. If any of them see this collection and want to submit in the future, they will be welcome to do so.
The Student
Teresa Jones

It was a Colt Python .357 Magnum.  Nickel-plated, heavy, cold in my hands on that hot day.  It was the only gun I’ve ever shot and when I did I aimed it up into the air at an angle, not at anything.  It kicked so hard when I squeezed the trigger that I had to take a step backward.  I was wearing sandals and I almost twisted my ankle in the sand.  The blast was crazy-loud.  The bullet flew over the trees.  
Tony and I were alone in the clearing.  It was after school.  I didn’t have to work that day.  Cicadas droned all around us, but after the shot and the echo there was dead silence.  It was weird.  I was afraid it might stay that way forever.  I felt like I’d just done something I wasn’t meant to do, and it seemed possible that everything was changed because of it.   Then the cicadas started again, and the world returned to normal, except my ears rang for half an hour.
Tony was pleased, I could tell.  He gets a peaceful look when he’s happy about something.  He grins a bit and his eyes sort of glaze over and it’s like he’s gone, he’s someplace else, left his head.  At any other time you have his full attention.  He’s so intense it’s scary, especially when he’s mad.  Then he’s extra-focused.  He looks at you like you’re the only person in the world besides him, and you feel that way, too.  Like if you ran it wouldn’t matter because he’d just go after you and find you.  He’d track you down.  There’d be no place to hide.  So you might as well just stay and take it, whatever it’s going to be.  
Tony’s my brother, but I’m afraid of him, even now.  My mom says he’s like his dad was, that there’s nothing we can do about it except pray.  He hit me in the face once when we were kids and made my nose bleed.  I don’t even remember why he did it.  He never did say he was sorry.
Tony was nuts over guns.  He’d had them for as long as I could remember.  He loved to show them off.  He was always excited to get a new one, but the Python was extra-special.  He couldn’t wait to take me out to shoot it.    He acted like it was some kind of present he was giving me.  He said most girls don’t get a chance to even hold a gun like that.  Like it was a secret rule--guys only.  You can look, but you can’t touch.  I never wanted to touch a gun anyway. I only went with him to shoot it that day because I was afraid not to.  I didn’t want to make Tony mad.  After I shot it he polished it and wrapped it in a purple cloth and put it back under the driver’s seat in his car.
Tony was in love with that gun, but I hated it.   And I hate it now, wherever it is.  I hate that Tony let Lima use it, and I hate that DD’s dead because of it.  But things are what they are, right?
That's what people say.

DD thought that because I was a virgin, if he slept with me he could get away with anything, no one would touch him.  He thought that being with me would make him safe.  He was so freaked out after his brother died, he had lots of crazy ideas.  He thought the government was listening to him pee!  When we first went out he talked about how much he loved Gary, and how much he missed him, and how it was killing their mom that the cops hadn’t found who did it.  He said the cops weren’t even trying, that they didn’t give a shit about Gary because he was dealing.
DD was convinced that he would be next, that someone was going to kill him, too, but I don’t know why.  He was completely straight as far as I knew, had never been arrested for anything.  He didn’t do drugs and he didn’t sell them.  When we first started talking he came on tough like all guys do.  But he joked around, too.  Flirted with me some, told me I was beautiful.  He thought I was smart.  He told me so, I guess because usually I was doing homework whenever he came over to get Tony.  
Once he brought me a box of four chocolate truffles.  I’d never had truffles before.  The box was gold, tied with a skinny gold ribbon.  DD set it down on the notebook where I was working some math problems.  I looked up at him and he smiled.  Tony saw us then and said, “Hey, man, don’t get any ideas about my sister.”  DD told him, “It’s just candy.  Don’t sweat it.”  Then Tony gave me that look, like it was my fault.  So I didn’t even eat a truffle then.  I waited till after he and DD were gone.  It was the best thing I ever tasted.
We started sneaking around.  When DD took me out we went to a cafe across town on Murat Street.  It's something else now, but back then you could sit at a table for two in the courtyard there. The patio was shaded by huge oaks and edged with terra-cotta pots of geraniums. There was a stone waterfall sculpture, and music playing.  I felt like I was in a movie when DD took me there. 
We went to the cafe six times before DD told me his idea about my virginity.  I got really upset.  I almost started crying right at the table.  My throat was like, locked.  I couldn’t even finish my sundae and it melted into pink and white glop.  I was stupid, I guess.  Up until then it was like a kind of game.  I was doing it because I wanted to, and hiding it from Tony added a thrill.  DD was nine years older than me, though.  I was thinking of him like another brother, one who was nice to me, one I didn’t have to be afraid of, or maybe just a friend.  I thought Tony was wrong about the truffles.  But DD asked me straight out, and I said, “No, I’ve never been with anyone,” and then he smiled.  When I didn’t smile back, when I didn’t even want to look at him, he sat back in his chair and rubbed underneath his chin with his thumb, watching me.  He said, “Come on, Marie, don’t cry,” and he sounded like he cared, but I was so confused.  He leaned forward then and reached across the table.  He put his hand on mine.  He said, “You’re the only pure thing in my world.”  I pulled my hand away and asked him to just take me home.
I wouldn’t talk to DD for a few weeks after that, but then I started missing him.  I missed going to the cafe.  And I started thinking, Why not sleep with him?  I didn’t care too much about staying a virgin until I got married, even though I was supposed to.  All of my girlfriends, every one of them, had already done it.  My girlfriend Anjee was already pregnant, and I wasn’t interested in any of the boys at school.  DD was a man, and I had never in my life met anybody who treated me like he did.  Plus, we had something in common.  We were both afraid.   So I thought if I could help him, that would be a good thing to do.  
I knew DD wasn’t in love with me.  He never said that he was.  And I wasn't in love with him.  I was just a kid.  Still in high school.  It was more like, if I slept with him, because I was a virgin, he’d be protected by magic or something.  He must have been out of his mind.

Lima was really nice to me, too, but it was different with him.  First of all, he wasn’t good-looking like DD was.  DD had black hair and dark blue eyes.  That's my type.  Plus, he worked out.  He really took care of his body, and he spent good money on his clothes.  He was sort of in love with himself, everybody said it, but that was okay with me.  Lima was sloppy, and most of the time he didn’t smell very clean.  He needed to lose weight, too.  I think he drank a lot of beer.  But still, he was nice.  Sometimes he brought me presents when he made deliveries to the flower shop where I worked.  Once he brought me a clear plastic tube filled with star-shaped glitter in some kind of liquid.  I don't know what happened to it.  I remember thinking they were so pretty, the floating stars. 
Lima’s name got mispronounced a lot.  His mom named him after where she was born.  People would read his name tag and call him lima, like the bean, and ask him if it was a joke.  Lima hated it when that happened.  He said people are just stupid, but he said that didn’t mean me.  He called me Rose Marie, which is not my name.  He said I was the most beautiful flower in the shop.

The last time I saw DD was three days before he died.  I went to visit him in the hospital.  The nurse wasn’t going to let me see him, but then I told her who I was.  “I’m his girlfriend,”  I said, and she looked at me.  I looked right back until finally she said all right.  She told me I couldn’t stay long, though, because he was heavily medicated and he shouldn’t be stressed, and anyway he might not know me. 
 I didn't know what to think when I walked into the room.  He was strapped face down on a metal frame like a cot, instead of laying on a regular bed.  I found out later they had to do that because Lima shot him in the back when he ran. 
The man in the other bed was asleep, so I tried to be quiet.  I stood next to DD and whispered his name a few times, but he didn’t move or answer.  I thought he was probably sleeping, too. 
I stared down at the back of DD’s head, at the swirls of his dark hair.  I laid my hand on the cool metal frame and looked at all the tubes they had running into him.  Bandages were wrapped around his middle really thick, and his bare legs and feet stuck out from under a blanket.  He wasn’t wearing a shirt or anything.  His shoulders were bare, too.  There was just that folded blanket over him.  I thought he must have been cold, but I went and asked the nurse about it, and she said he couldn’t feel anything, so it didn’t matter.  That made me so sad. 
When I got back to the room I wanted to see DD’s face.  I wanted him to look at me.  I sat down on the floor and scooted under the metal frame, then laid flat on my back so I could look up at him.  His eyes were closed.  The lids were purple.  His face was so pale that I swear, I thought he was dead.  I whispered to him again and then again when he still didn’t answer, and finally he opened his eyes.  I don’t think he knew me at first, but then I could see that he did and he said, “Hey.”
“Hi,” I said, looking up at him.  I couldn’t think of anything more.
We stayed like that for a while, without talking.  The floor was freezing cold, but I didn’t want to move.  I wanted to stay there with DD until somebody told me I had to leave.   He was so doped up.  He’d slowly open his eyes and slowly close them.
As I laid there I started thinking about how weird it felt to be beneath him again.  We were only together one time.  I’m lucky I didn’t get pregnant because we didn’t use protection at all.  DD said that would ruin it if we did and he asked me how close I was to getting my period so we could do it at a time when it was safe.  We met at his apartment, one day after school.  It was over in twenty minutes.   It wasn't making love.  It was like a transaction.   DD said it would be better next time, but next time never came. 
Lying there on my back on the floor at the hospital, I wondered what Tony would do if he saw me like that.  He put his fist right through the wall when I told him I’d been with DD.  I had to admit it, though.  He already knew anyway, and I was too scared to lie.  I don’t know where he was that day I went to the hospital. I figured he wouldn’t come there, but I was worried because things had got so crazy.  It was unbelievable to me that Tony wasn’t in jail.  He gave Lima his gun, I know he did.  He gave it to him after he told him about me and DD, but he lied to Lima and told him I was raped.   He told Lima he wanted DD dead, but he couldn’t pull the trigger because he and DD had once been friends.  That was a lie, too, I think.  Tony was just too chicken to do it himself.  So he lied to Lima and gave him the gun.   Then he told the police that Lima stole it.  
I've tried for so long to forgive them, Tony and Lima both.  I know that would be the right thing to do.  But that’s not the only reason to forgive.  I want to forgive them so I can stop feeling angry.  I don’t want to wind up like the two of them, consumed by hate.
Once, when DD opened his eyes, his lips parted a little, like he was trying to say something, but then they closed again.  His lips were cracked, I remember.  I heard DD swallow--that’s how quiet it was in that room.  I stared up at him, hoping it was true what the nurse had said, that he couldn’t feel anything, because I couldn’t stand the thought of him being in pain.  But then I thought that was stupid, because not feeling anything would be bad, not good.  To live and not feel--what kind of a life would that be?  Then I felt something hit my cheek, something wet, and I wiped it away.  It was a tear.  It fell from DD, and I swear, it broke my heart.  That tear was like a bullet, it went straight to my heart.
Drown
Jesse Murphree Kemper

My grandmother drowned herself.  So when I close my eyes at night I see the cold black water she died in. 
I try to imagine what it must have been like to walk out into that water and start to swim, and then keep on swimming until she sank.
At least this is what my mother told me. She said, your grandmother walked into the water and she swam in a straight line until she sank.
I didn’t understand.  I was five years old.  At first I did not believe my mother, because my grandmother had always been afraid of the water.  But then I thought maybe that was why she picked it, so it would be the last worst thing.
My grandmother’s body washed up on the beach.  My uncle, the husband of my mother’s sister, went and identified the body.  He said it was her.
My mother would not let me go and see my grandmother in the funeral home, laid out.  She said my grandmother had been scraped up against the sand.  She said my grandmother had been in the water for a long time, and she said I would not recognize her.  She said there were things in the water with her and I did not realize until I was older that she meant things that bite.

I saw my grandmother floating, her body a shadow, everything around her completely silent.

After my grandmother was dead, we went to the ocean and threw flowers into the water.  My mother, her sister, and my two cousins were there.  My hand was sore because I had put it into a cactus plant at the florist shop.  My aunt was buying roses, carnations, baby’s breath.  I watched her.  Then I put my palm flat into a wooden bowl full of cactus plants and I closed my fist, driving the spines beneath the skin.
At the ocean, my youngest cousin tried to throw her flowers into the water, but she was too short, and they landed on the sand.  She picked her flowers back up, carefully, and put them back in her basket.  She ran along the sand screaming, goodbye grandma goodbye, as if she really believed there was someone there to hear it.

When I am in the water now, I am afraid of something eating me.  If I am bleeding, if I am having my period, I don’t want to swim in the ocean.  I imagine my blood mixing with the water and a giant shark rising beneath me, his mouth open, waiting to strike me where I am blind.

When I told the other children, my friends, right after my grandmother died, that she killed herself, they were impressed.  They asked me if she took a big knife and stabbed it into her chest.  They raised their arms and pantomimed this, hands rushing down, like men in moves committing Hari Kari.  They were disappointed to hear she just drowned, just swam out into the ocean until she couldn’t swim anymore.

After my grandmother’s funeral, we went to where my mother’s sister lived, by the ocean, by the same water in which my grandmother drowned.  
The two of them, my aunt and my mother, sat in the kitchen drinking cups of coffee and saying the same things over and over.
My aunt said what she thought my grandmother had been thinking.  What she was thinking when she was dying, when she was drowning, was that she would make her children feel miserable.  She would make my aunt go crazy with guilt.
I watched my aunt’s hands, her oval fingernails tapping and tapping against the table.  These same hands, earlier, pulled the cactus spines from my palm.  On the porch she held my hand in her lap and pulled the spines out with tweezers.  My cousin, the one who called out to my grandmother on the beach was inside the house, on the stairs, sliding up and down the banister, eating a tube of toothpaste.  When my aunt finished, I held my hand up to my face and made a circle with my fingers in front of my eyes.  I closed the circle and the world got smaller and smaller and disappeared.
I didn’t want to listen to my mother and my aunt talk about my grandmother so I left the kitchen.  I walked through the living room, the Florida room, trying to touch everything my grandmother once touched.  I put my hands on her embroidered pillows and left them there, trying to feel where her hands had last been.

When she was young my mother wet the bed, so my grandmother pinned a towel around her every night, like a diaper.  In the dark my mother laid swimming in her own urine, moving and moving, rubbing the place between her legs.

For a while we lived near the ocean, and my mother and my brother and I went there every day.  We got very tan, but my mother’s skin was darker than mine, like we were a different species, like the blood in her body was not the same as my own blood.
My grandmother had been dead for years then, but I remembered what it felt like to be with her.  I was with my mother all the time then.  I floated in her life, the two of us together.  She wanted to share everything.  She would put her face close to mine.  She would kiss me and I could taste what her mouth tasted like.  It was different from my own mouth.
At night I didn’t sleep because my bedroom was filled with black water.  I thought if I closed my eyes, I would drown.
My father never thought about water.  It meant nothing to him.  When he swam, he floated easily on his back.  If he looked at anything, it was the women on the beach.  Sometimes he tossed me out into the ocean to see what I would do, to see me suddenly swim.

The time my grandmother drowned in the water was not the first time.  Once she shut herself in a house and turned on the gas, and twice she took a bus to different towns and swallowed a bottle of pills in a motel room.

My grandmother lived with us when I was very young, before either of my brothers were born.  But then my mother made her leave.  And my grandmother moved into my mother’s sister’s house, the house that was near the ocean.
When she lived with us, my grandmother, my mother, and my father argued in her room at night.  My father yelled, my grandmother cried, my mother stood off to the side with a certain look on her face that was not a smile, but was like a smile, even though her mouth was not moving.
I hid in the kitchen.  I made cards for my grandmother with red hearts on the front.  I put them in her lap while she was crying, and she held them with both her hands but I could tell they did not make her feel any better.  
My mother said, Mamma, this is my family and it’s time for you to get your own life.
My father just stood over her, my grandmother.  He stood over her while she was in her bed.

I have read that it is painless once you stop trying to fight, once you give up and go under, once you stop trying to live.

My grandmother and I bathed together.  I thought her body was beautiful.  She was soft and white under the hot water.  There were intricate blue veins beneath her skin.  But my grandmother did not like the way she looked.  She tore her face out of every photograph she had ever been in. 

My mother left my father when I was four because he had sex with another woman, a math major who, my father said, was more intelligent than her.  My grandmother came to live with us.  We moved to another town and while my mother went to school, my grandmother took care of me.  
We walked to the mall every day and got ice cream cones that looked like Mickey Mouse heads, candy eyes, vanilla wafers for ears.  My grandmother made costumes for me to wear instead of clothes.  She stole books for me from her doctor’s office.  She bought me a Shirley Temple doll and gave me a permanent so my hair would be curly like Shirley Temple’s hair.
My grandmother was magic.  She made butterscotch candies rain from the ceiling.  She lit the grill in the backyard to cook hamburgers, and while we were waiting, she passed her hands back and forth through the flames without ever burning herself.
After a while, my mother decided she didn’t like school and went back to my father.  My grandmother went with us and the four of us lived together.  Sometimes we left her.  We went on trips and left her at our house, alone.  Before we went, I would go into her room and crawl into her bed with her.  My mother and father sat in the truck with the truck’s engine running, and I went to my grandmother’s room.  I put my arms around her and I said goodbye grandma.  It always seems like this time could be the last time.

Now it would not matter to me what her face looked like, or her body looked like, or how long she had been in the water.  I just want her however she is, to come back to me.
The Carnival
Nancy H. Rainey

Have you ever been to a carnival? I mean, you know—the kind with rides and weird people and all them gold fish? The kind with funnel cakes and cotton candy and thangs on a stick you don't know what is but it sure tastes good? I never had because them thangs cost a lot of money which is somethin we don't have much of. And when we do have it we have to waste it on thangs like shoes and peas. Who wants peas? 
Anyway, I finely got to go to one of em and boy was it a strange day. My brother got his bull in some contest and tole me I could go with him for free if I was to wash his belly and bottom half while he washed his top half. As much as I like ‘at ole bull I really don't care much for washin his you-know-what. But I wanted to go to that carnival somethin fierce so I did it. Every one of them girls from town talked about it all thru recess all week long and this was my chance. I knowed it wount make them like me any different but it sure would be nice to be able to talk about it on Monday when school started.
I guess I should tell you who I am and all that stuff. My name is Mae Ella and Ima gone be eleven this year. I's borned rightcheer in Watauga county an aint never been nowhere othern inta Boone a coupla times. I got three brothers oldern me and one of the brothers is a twin to my stank sister, Lorna.  She is some sorta beauty queen in her own mind. Momma says we gonna have to move off the farm in order for her to 'go far' whatever that means. I don't care to move. I'm fine right where we are. Why in the world Lorna wants to go to town is beyond me. Them in town got to get their corn and thangs from the store and they all in cans and when you open em up it’s like they forgot to put the flavor in. And what Diddy will do for a livin in town is beyond me. You sure can't make no money drinkin, which is what he does mos the time. If you could make money drinkin and starin into space, we'd be pissin in high cotton. Excuse my french. Momma woulda kilt me if she’da heard that.
Anyway, back to my story. I tend to wander so if I wander again just know I'll get back in line sooner or later. My oldest brother Fred is 17 an this is his last year in 4-H; if he don't win a prize this year it'll just be too bad for him an we'll never hear the end of it. Well, we'll never hear the end of it ifn he wins too but it sure will be a nicer thing to hear tell about. So we washed up ole Bobo real good and Fred even cut the hair rount his face so he looked all nice. Fred was so pleased with the job I did he gave me a half- dollar and tole me to go have fun but not too much an don't ask for no more an be back by…I didn't wait to hear no more. A half-dollar! That is 5 different thangs I could go see or ride or eat or combine it all or…it was too much.
I set down against the Future Farmers of America booth to think it over because I knowed I wanted to ride the Ferris wheel and an it sure would be fun to eat one of them candy apples because momma said we couldn't have 'em because they rot the teeth right outta your head. One thing was for sure—I had to get away from them booths because even though I smell it all the time, all that animal sweat and poop was startin to wear me out. I decided to walk around the whole carnival—it's in a circle so I figured I'd walk arount it oncet an then decide what was the best then go an do them but save a dime for a candy apple.
“Mae Ella! I didn't think we'd see you here, honey! Does your momma know you is here? I know your Mammaw don't!” I looked up to see Miss Melody the church organist and her ole better-than-you crowd gigglin and lookin at me like I had rolt in hog shit or somethin.
“She knowed it, Miss Melody, thank you just the same. I come here with Fred so's I could help him with Bobo. I didn't thank I'd see you all here either. I thought the preacher said it were a sin to be up in here, walkin arount all these evil doers an stuff.” I smiled my ain't I sweet smile so's they would think I was bein nice but really I wanted to kick them in they you-know-whats. It's hard for me to look at that Miss Melody without snortin up a laugh. Miss Melody one time played a whole sermon with her dress stuck in the back of her painties and I swear it's hard for me to look at her without thinkin bout those big hams we have hanging in the meat shed. So's it's pretty easy for me to smile arount her- it's just hard for me not to laugh.
“Well, Miss Priss, if you must know, we's here being judged in the jam and jelly contest over at the Home Cookin tent? And I have the best persimmons jelly you've ever tasted—you want to you can stop by for a sample or get some for your poor momma? I'm sure your momma would appreciate somethin sweet in her life? What with all you youngins an that Bill Nash diddy of yourn” she said with a smirk and wink at the ladies. 
“I thank you very much, Miss Melody but my momma is watchin her weight. She says she don't want to get big like a lot of other folk she knows who have to sit for a livin. But thank you all the same. Ima tell her though that you said hello.” I knew I'd pushed it a bit too far so I ducked into the crowd and tried my best to disappear but I could hear them ladies scramblin to beat each other with “well I never!” and “that child!” an all that. Sometimes youda think people could remember that Jesus sayin bout where he says to take the stick out from your own eye afore you try to get the splinter from someone else’s. And that stick in Miss Melody's eye is biggern a headboard. 
“Mae Ella! Mae Ella! Wait!” Panting, David ran up to me an grabbed my arm. He bent over an put his other hand on his knee an tried to catch his breath. David is one of my brothers too. He's a mean one though. His kind of fun is to jump out of closets and scare you half to death or to burn your dolls’ heads off and thangs like that. But sometimes he took you to that kind of bad fun you knowed was gonna be trouble. I mean you just knew you'd be real close to doin somethin’ wrong any time you was with him. “You ain't never gonna believe what they got up here! They got a real bona fide side show! With freaks!” David had sweat making a road map on his face through the dirt and it looked like it led straight to him using up my money. I just knowed it. 
“David Allen, you ain't gonna get my money for no freak show. I see a freak show ever day when you get up outta the bed.” 
“No Mae Ella, I'm serious. You got money? Well, that's good an all but I got my own money—I had to rake some of ‘em stalls out over in the 4-H booth to get it but I got a whole dollar and I'm gonna see them freaks. The sign has a paintin of a woman with a beard and a man with horns comin out his head and a man that has a snake body and women with no face and…”
“Slow down, David Allen. I cain't keep up with you! Ifn you want me to come you better just hold yer horses.” But his excitement had got to me. I had to see them sideshows if nothin else here. I mean a Ferris wheel is one thang but a woman with no face? I had to see that. We took off, me right on the heels of his Converse All Stars. You know, that's another thang I don't get. Why is it boys get to wear them cool high tops and all we get are these little red cloth Keds? That ain't hardly fair now is it? I bet I could have kept up with him better if I had me some of them Converse All Stars. 
We could hear the man callin out as we got closter to the tents. Them tents was old and raggedy and we tried to lay down and look inside first but we couldn't make out nuthin in the dark.
“You see that man there, Mae Ella? They call him a barker and hit's his job to get the people to come see the show—he gets you all heated up and curious-like.”
“I know that, dummy. I ain't stupid Lorna and I want borned yestidy. I'm only 10 months youngern you, ya know. Let's go listen.”
“Step right up ladies and gents! Step right up! Now this ain't no sideshow like you've seen before! This is somethin’ else en-tire-ly! See thangs you ain't never seen before! Thangs with no explanation! Have a conversation with a woman with no face or better yet speak di-reck-ly with the horned demon man! See a woman with the beard of ole Rip Van Winkle! Watch you don't get eat up by the gator lady or the snake man! See the dead baby in the jar—that baby with you guessed it SIX eyes! SIX eyes, ladies and gentlemen! Now you've heard all this before I'm sure but this time? It is all REAL! GUA-RAN-TEED REAL! And you can see it all for only a quarter! Now THAT ladies and gentlemen is a bargain! Only two bits! Twenty five pennies! Five nickels! Now when you ever gonna get that kind of deal again? Step right up…”
When he started sayin the same things again, I figured it were time & I started in to lookin at all the pitchers painted on the sides of the tents an decide if it was really worth half my money. You know it an I knowed it.  I wanted to see them folks. No doubt about it. There is something bout people different than you that makes you want to see them for yourself. But half my money? I just didn't know if I could do it. 
But David—David was already reachin into his jeans for his money and that did it. I dug into my overalls to find my old half-dollar but lo and beholt, David paid for both of us! I could tell by his grin he hoped to get me scared out of my mind but I didn’t care. He paid, an that’s something else. We got our tickets an got in line with all the other curious folk. They was all so tall an wide, I was sure hopin I'd get a chance to see everythin cause right then all I could see was coats an old dresses. 
As the line began to slowly crawl toward the tent, you could tell people were gettin less excited and more nervous or somethin because they voices all seemed to drop as soon as they went through the flap. When we got up to that flap, it was like a wall—no sound came from the other side, an it was dark in there and that had me a bit scared. I thought I was alone in bein scared but David took my hand. “just sos you don't get too sceert or lost” he whispered but I knowed he was scared too. With a silent slam, the tent flap whooshed closed behind us an we was lost in the darkness. 
Our eyes slowly adjusted an we made our way toward a slight glimmer of light. It was the baby with six eyes in the jar. I got to tell you, if that thang was real, hit was nothin but a real pity. It looked like a pink pig with little lines of eye lashes and tiny hands clasped into fists and them sure enough were real baby feet. I wanted to look at it more but I never wanted to see it again. Just when I thought I couldn't stand it any more, David tugged at my hand and we moved forward.
Next thang I knowed we was lookin in at a woman playin cards with this little bitty man. He want no bigger than my baby cousin, RoseAnn an he was dresset up like a little prince. They was both lookin tired out an like they done did this ever day. But that woman? She had her a beard longer than any I ever seed. That beard was long, curly and grey. An when I was lookin at it she caught my eye an there want nothin there but meanness. She looked at me like I was the freak. Then she made this hmmf noise an spit at the grount. That little man he laught like he aint never seed nothin that funny. “Go on little girl and boy. Go on an GIT!” We did. Fast. 
“Don't worry bout it, Mae. Just come on,” David tugged me on but my heart was startin to feel real funny an I was ready to jus turn arount and leave. They was tall people ahead a us an tall people behint us an I aint had nowheres to go but go on with em all.
When that barker said they was a woman without a face? He want lyin. They was. But you couldn'ta talked to her if you wanted to. She laid there with nothin but a hole of a mouth, suckin in air an makin little strangle kind of noises an she had a man who sat with her an gave her dranks from a straw. He had these big ole lumps all over him an the sign said he was a mushroom man but what I seed was two really tired an sad people.
They was two more a them sittin arount together? One didn't have no arms or legs an was turnin the pages of his book with his tongue and the othern had him a long snake body but that didn't much matter. What mattered was them faces. Both of em looked so tired and like they'd never slept an they just wanted to find their momma's laps an cry the rest of the day away. 
I'm not gonna tell you bout what the rest looked like or if they was real or fake or if they talked to us or not. I'm just gonna tell you this. Them freaks made you feel really bad for lookin at em. They made you feel really small for feeling so much better offn em. Want a happy face in that tent. 
Lookin at them freaks was like bein stuck inside a rain cloud that refused to rain. Seein them freaks made you feel like your insides was all squeezed up into one little fist like if you didn't scream soon that fist was gonna come punchin outta you and you was goin to explode. 
Maybe they didn't mean to make you feel that way and maybe some a them other folks didn't feel like it at all. But I did. And by the quietness of my brother I knew he did too. 
We got to the end of the tent. There was a man there with a tall hat and long mustache in a suit. He had a large cane that opened the flap and as soon as he opened it, the lights, fresh air, an the noises of the carnival came right up and slapped us in the face. Other folks came out and shuffled around jokin ‘bout what they'd seen but David and I just stood there, all quiet like. I never seen him so serious. 
David's head was bowed and he studied his shoes. He slowly lifted his head and looked me in the eyes and said real quiet like, “Mae Ella, I don't want to ever think or talk about that. Ever Ever, Ok? That just wadn't right.”
“I know. Me neither. Pinky promise?”
“Pinky promise.”  We latched pinkies and the headed back toward the livestock booths. There were still the same ole songs playin, the same voices lifted in laughter, an rides spinning their colored lights but it all seemed far off. Together but apart we walked toward the booths as slowly as we could. Somehow it didn't seem right to just go back to our normal God-fearin lives. Not after seein’ them freaks. 
“Hey. You wanna get a candy apple? I still got half a dollar and we could get one ‘n’ split it and still ride the Ferris wheel.” David held out two coins in his hand, proud to still have somethin left.
“That's ok. I don't really feel like eatin right now. A coke might be good though.” 
David went up to buy us a coke at the High School Civinettes stand. As he walked away I could see he was a bit older and more stooped than he were before. His arms hung by his sides and there was no swagger in his walk. 
Well, we did go ahead an ride that Ferris wheel an it was nice to see our entire town stretched out in front of us like some sort of fantasy world of lights an miniature life, but kinda sour too. 
We got back to Fred who was beamin to beat the band. He had won that blue ribbon after all and Bobo was already rented out for stud to six other farmers—that was gonna be some good money for Diddy to drink away if Fred wadnt careful!
The ride home in the back of Fred's truck was like the end of a dream; you know when you are half asleep but half awake, the dream fading but it's still there somehow stuck in the back of your head? It was like that. We could see the stars goin by, the air was chilly, the chords from the radio in the cab an Fred's flat voice singin out drifted in an out along with the sound of other cars. I could feel David next to me, our arms barely touchin as the truck swayed back an forth on the old gravel road toward the farm, but still neither one of us talked. I think we was both just too tired an too sad to think of anything to say. I knew we'd both be back to normal soon, him torturing me and what not, but it was kind of nice to share this strange and unexplainable night with him.
This night when we both understood our blessings. 
Time Will Tell
Stephanie Tillman

My mom tells me she has a new sister in an email describing her and dad’s weekend travel plans:
I hope you’re doing something fun over the weekend. We’re leaving Saturday morning for the Virginia mountains. We’re going to stay at the same B&B for at least two nights and then we’ll see where else we may want to go. I think I have another sister so we’re meeting her and her husband at the winery. Cool, huh? You have another piece of mail from Conlextis. Is this something that needs to be saved or sent to you? 
She’s always preferred the iceberg technique in her correspondence, covering topics as varied as the weather, dinner plans and my old high school classmates she runs into at the grocery store. I think a recently discovered sister could be followed up with more than a “cool, huh?” She decides, however, that I have all of the relevant family reunion information and moves on to the important stuff, like what to do with my junk mail.
Another sister? That IS cool! Throw the Conlextis letter away. Mail addressed to me will most likely be junk, so throw it all away.
Maybe the details seem unimportant to her since she met another half-sister at the winery five years ago. My mom could have just as easily typed, “I’m going to meet another stranger who is my sister, blah blah blah.” Her online review of the winery would read something like: “Beautiful views of the Blue Ridge Mountains. Nice wine. Great place to meet family members that you just found out existed.”
On Saturday, my dad sends me a text with an emergency update from the meeting:
Your new aunt and uncle seem to be very nice, though they are a little less refined than what I was expecting. Time will tell.
This coming from a man who eats fast food every day and refuses to go to the doctor for the hernia that pokes out of his stained Maytag repair shirt. Now that he’s replaced his 64-ounce chewing tobacco spit cup with soggy, gnawed cigars, he’s gotten snobby.
When I was about 10, I wanted older siblings so badly I made them up. Fake Ben and Lauren were six and seven years older than me, respectively. Ben was handsome, muscular, and wore a leather bomber jacket. Lauren had every Liz Claiborne purse my mom wouldn’t buy for me. She wore oversized sweatshirts and teased my bangs like hers. They both loved me so much that they’d invite me into their titillating teenage world, but they were also very protective and would only let me sneak a peek. I didn’t see much of them as they were always driving around in their cars or at the mall.
I could come up with hundreds of reasons I loved my fake siblings, but I couldn’t manage one for my real-life younger brother. Like all other seven-year-olds, he was useless, always playing and asking questions. He’d barge into my bedroom with dirt on his face and ask, “Who are you talking to?”
“You are such a brat! Get out of here!”
“I’m boring,” he’d say because he didn’t know the difference between bored and boring.
Ben and Lauren told me to be nice to my little brother because he’s family. They were too kind to say it, but I could tell they didn’t like him either. He was an embarrassment to us all.
I became so obsessed with my phony family that I even roped my friend into playing along at school. I’d loudly tell a group of kids in the cafeteria about how my older brother, Ben, is so annoying when he drives me to school, ignoring the speed bumps and blasting his car stereo. I’d nod to my friend and she’d quickly interject, “Yeah, but he’s so cute.”
“Gross, no he’s not! He’s my brother!”
Not wanting to brag, I’d come up with different ways to express how much they irritated me and how I longed to be an only child, but the message was clear: I had a very cool family.
Where are they now?  Ben is bald and probably a dick. Lauren wears Crocs and ties her frizzy hair back with a scrunchie. They are undoubtedly overweight and bored. I imagine an email from them saying something like, “We haven’t heard from you in 20 years! We’d love to catch up. How about meeting for a drink? We think you are the best!” I’d probably reply something like, “Cool.”
On Monday I get an email from my mom. I know this is the last I’ll hear about my new aunt:
Meeting went well. I’ve attached pics. Dad thinks they’re hillbillies, but look who’s talking. I forgot to tell you, you have something from the credit union. It looks official. Do you want me to save it?
I click on the photos and see a thin white-haired woman posing with my mom and her other half-sister of five years. The three of them politely smile like strangers sharing a bottle of wine and a dad. I’d print it out and put it in a “Sisters” frame as a Christmas present if I thought my mom would laugh. It would only confuse her. She’d lovingly display it on the mantle anyway, taking it down the second I left.
I’m glad the meeting went well. She looks nice. On second thought, please save anything addressed to me. I’ll figure out what to throw out when I come for a visit. 
I search for a cheap roundtrip ticket home, already dreading the stack of junk mail I have to sort through.
Big Daughter
Sara Warner

The problem with my daughter was there was no place she could stand where all of her fit in the mirror.  When she was ten she could bend this way and that to get her pigtails straight, but by the time she was twelve she needed to see if the curve of her bottom went with her new breasts and how it all looked with her long legs.  She thought her feet were too big and so it didn’t matter so much that the bathroom mirror cut her off at midcalf, but by the time she was thirteen, even the full-length mirror inside her mamma’s closet cut off her head completely.  As her father, it seemed there should be something I could do.
I took her and the mirror outside one day so she could get back far enough to see herself entirely.  I held the mirror up while she backed across the yard.  When her whole body from shoulder to shoulder and head to toe came into the mirror I yelled, “There!  Stop!”  But from thirty feet away she couldn’t see much.  She was having to stand in the neighbor’s yard and worry all the time about them seeing her, maybe saying something about not stepping on the new grass.  On top of that, nothing else fit in the mirror with her so it couldn’t give her much idea of herself.
But I happened to think about a big building downtown, fifteen stories high, and all its windows were like mirrors.  We used to go down there evenings after all the traffic had cleared out.  As we walked along I could see her lean toward the place where she would be able to see herself in the windows.  We would climb a long hill and round a corner, and there a long plaza stretched before us right to the base of the mirrors.  Then she would straighten and her eyes fix on the distant mark, studying the blurred image that was hers as it grew larger and larger.  She enjoyed these trips.  I would point out to her the lovely balance of her shoulders and how round her kneecaps looked at just that point in her stride when her foot left the ground.  I often remarked how unusually good her posture was.  She had a grace uncommon in a woman her size, and I think these outings, the chance to study herself that way, fostered her symmetry a great deal.  But, as things would have it, a hotel went in and then a department store, until the plaza was little more than a sidewalk, and the mirrored building, sandwiched between stone and brick that way, no longer caught her reflection.
Of course, the kids at school were hard on her.  I tried to tell her that it wasn’t personal.  That’s just the way people are.  But at fifteen that kind of saying isn’t useful and perhaps isn’t even true.  It often happened that when I tried to talk to her I found I had no idea what I was saying.  Everything turned into nonsense.  I guess I was just trying to console her, as if telling a person, It’s not your fault, could keep the world from hurting.  When she accidentally shattered the concrete floor of the locker room one day, sending a gaping crack through the new gymnasium and splintering all that smooth, freshly varnished wood—well, I couldn’t make her go to school anymore.  No truant officer came; the school never even called.  Some kids rode by in a car and yelled a lot of stuff at her—cheerleaders and ball players.
About this time there was a young pilot working for me in my shop.  I liked him well enough, and it crossed my mind a few times that he was alone here.  I put it to him that he might take my daughter out if he was of a mind to.  It seemed to go well enough at first.
He called for her early in the evening—a Saturday it was.  I’d said a few things to prepare him and whatnot, and he kept himself well under control when she came into the room.  She was so beautiful.  It was deafening, the blood rushed in our heads so.  After a while they got underway, and I settled down with the paper and tried not to worry.  About 11 o’clock the phone rang and her voice boomed down the wire.  “I’ve lost him,” she cried.  She was frantic.  He had been leaning over her shoulder and had fallen into her shirt-front.  She had been searching for him twenty minutes at least.  At one moment she thought she had felt him wiggle under her waistband but she couldn’t locate him.  She thought she heard him groaning.  Her finger might have dislodged him into her pants leg.  I told her to stand still, and I went straight to the place.  We searched for more than two hours.  Finally, we had to give up.  Maybe he had shaken out the bottom of her pants leg, I said.  He’d probably turn up.  But of course it was a disaster.  Her first date.
They had been talking, she said.  He had to cover his ears when she spoke in order not to be deafened.  She’d had to lean her ear down to hear him better, and he, probably taken with the lovely bend of her neck, almost lost his balance.  So he moved to the back of her shoulder where the wind from her voice wouldn’t blow so hard against him.  Then, leaning forward, yelling loudly, he had joked that she “blew him away.”  Laughing.  Imagine them laughing there together in the starlight.  And then he fell into her bosom.
I never saw him again.  No one inquired after him, and I told her he may have moved on, not wanting to face me.  But she was so downhearted.  If she could fit in the mirror she thought she could have found him.  But there was no one to help her.  The very bubbles in the tub frightened her into thinking they were his dying breath.  More and more my mind was occupied trying to think of ways to lift her spirits.  It was in these times I missed her mother so.
One day I stopped in the library hoping to find something that would bring her out.  I talked to the librarian about my daughter, and, although she gave me a sharp look or two, she went into the shelves and brought out three books: Gulliver’s Travels, Alice in Wonderland, and Gargantua. I mentioned again that my daughter was sixteen; weren’t these children’s books?  She assured me they were not.  So I made out the card and tucked the books under my arm.  On the way home I began to wonder whether a large eye could see more or less.  Hawks, it seems, can see small creatures from high altitudes—can, in fact, see more than a man looking down at the ground from a plane.  But what of elephants?  Aren’t their eyes larger than a man’s?  And what can they see?  Trees, grass, lions.  I wondered if she would be able to see what was in the books.  I began to worry that she might soon need glasses.
But the books made her so happy.  During those days I never saw her without a book in her hand, and at dinner she would tell me the stories and explain all about them.  Gulliver, Alice, and Gargantua saw everything so differently.  Of course, the world called them mad, but somehow their plight gave her comfort.  The people in the books became her friends.  She championed their causes and sympathized with them.  She read Frankenstein, the old Greek stories of Homer, and I noticed that the more she read, the faster she grew.  I became alarmed.  I moved her to a vacant hangar and built in conveniences as best I could, but it was apparent she would soon be coming through the roof.  At last, I was on the brink of telling her she would have to stop reading when I noticed she had stopped of her own accord.  She could no longer hold the books, she said.  They got lost in the lines of her hand.  Turning the pages was hopeless.  I suppose I could have found the time to read to her.  But I admit I was desperate to contain her.
In the days that followed though, I was tempted to reverse myself, she grew so despondent.  At night I dreamed of a towering cathedral on a mountain in the clouds.  I would fly my plane up to the top of it, and there she would be!  My beautiful daughter, wearing the cathedral like a gown, the sun making a crown on her head.  I would circle my plane around and around while she read to me from a book as big as the sky.
At last an idea came to me.  I worked on it for several weeks, modifying parachute harness, outfitting the plane.  It was an old B-52 a friend of mine had bought when a commercial venture went belly-up.  I figured the angle of the sun so it wouldn’t be in her eyes.  The night before, I told her my plan.  Tomorrow you’ll see yourself!  She looked at me in disbelief.  The morning was fine.  We were up and away by six-thirty.  By seven we were circling over Lake Okanalala.  When I showed her the harness, she was very excited.  She put it on as I explained about the chute.  Only for emergency.  I’m going to lower you with the winch—you won’t be free-falling—I’ll have you, I said.  The chute is just in case.  She understood.  She did.
I lowered her away, circling over the lake.  The sun was just right.  We were about a half-mile up when we passed over the water for the first time.  There she was, filling up the sky, the lake.  The look on her face, I could see it in her reflection.  Well.  It was worth a lot.
We just didn’t guess, although I sometimes feel I should have.  I’ve thought about it, of course.  Whenever her limits were removed, she grew so fast—she filled any space within minutes.  I don’t know if, being so, there’s any seeing your place in the world.  The plane’s engine droned heavily and coughed.  Her back arched against the clouds, blocking the air under the wings, and we began to plummet.  I tried to reel her in.  But even if the winch had been able to pull her up, she wouldn’t have fit in the plane anymore.  She might have cut the line to save me, or to free herself.  But suddenly the plane leveled off and she dropped away, her arms spread wide, soaring and falling toward the lake.  Her body made a deep trough, splashing droplets on the plane’s windshield, and towering concentric waves began to roll towards the shore.  Within a few seconds the waters closed over, and she was gone.
I still go out there now and then.  Circle around the lake and watch my plane’s tiny reflection in the sky blue water below.  People say it was a miracle nobody was killed that day.  And I think of her telling me about Odysseus, how he tricked the Cyclops and escaped by calling himself Nobody, and I’m ashamed we live in such an ignorant way.
Wexford Strawberries
Brigette Kinney

Tendrils of fog writhed across the water, spread themselves thinly over the windshield, and then danced off behind the little car, driven by a frigid breeze.  Brian had driven past the white line and emphatic STOP spanning the road, past the forbidding caution-yellow grid pattern painted on the last stretch of blacktop.  The headlights illuminated a scant ten feet of the slipway ahead, a smooth ramp sloping down into the lapping black edge of the Shannon.
According to the map, it should have been a journey of two and a half hours: a jog southeast through Limerick to get past the River Shannon, then a straightish run southwest to Tralee, and finally an easy stretch on the Dingle Road to Nora.  Simple.  Brian unlocked his stiff fingers from the steering wheel, gingerly working the chilled joints.  He had turned the engine off an hour earlier as the gas level dipped below a quarter tank.  Maisie was asleep in her car seat, head lolling above a shapeless bundle of thick sweaters, mouth open, arms and legs splayed.  White puffs rose and dissipated with each breath.
A single headlight bobbed in the rear-view mirror, growing with the sound of an engine until a motorcycle circled, reversed and came to rest beside Brian’s window.  The rider raised his visor.  Brian rolled down his window.
“Last ferry sailed over an hour ago.”
“I know.”
“The drive around takes about an hour, but it’s faster than waiting till morning.”
“Right.  Thanks.”
“You American?”
“Yes.”
The man nodded as if this fact alone explained Brian’s presence on the ferry slipway in the black of night.  He adjusted his helmet and roared back down the road.
 
It had all started to go wrong before they’d even left Edinburgh.  There had been the hassle with the hire car return, then the drunken Glasgow girls with their lycra and cleavage, loud talk, broad laughter and double-fisted bloody Marys.  It was bad enough in the queue at the bus station-like RyanAir terminal, but intolerable in the confines of the jet with its stagnant air reeking sourly of body odor.
This was only Maisie’s second flight.  Her first, the transatlantic flight to Edinburgh, had left New York at her usual bedtime and she’d slept curled against Brian’s arm, as soundly as if she was home in bed.  Suzanne had tapped away at her laptop most of the night and Brian had put on his noise-reducing headphones and closed his eyes.  He had tried to listen to his audiobook of Sherlock Holmes stories, but he couldn’t concentrate, couldn’t follow the exposition, couldn’t think of anything but every minute taking him closer to Ventry, closer to Nora.  His insides were a twist of anticipation and dread.  He tried to imagine how it would go, but the awareness of Suzanne beside him stifled the vision.  At some point after the flight attendants had finished hawking their duty-free goods and the cabin lights had dimmed, Brian had fallen into a brief half-sleep: a confused dream of Nora, her house on fire, running back into the burning building to retrieve his photograph.  He had awakened to the cabin lights on, coffee service rattling up the aisle, and Suzanne asleep beside him with her laptop shuffling a screensaver slideshow of Maisie picking flowers, Maisie on a pony, Maisie with fistfuls of her first birthday cake.
Flight two was more eventful.  The Glasgow drunks had started singing loudly and rousing the other passengers into cheers for Ireland as soon as the plane was airborne.  Maisie looked wide-eyed at him for a cue to guide her reaction.  Brian gave a grim head-shake of disapproval and watched it swell and echo in his daughter’s face as she craned her neck for a glimpse of the rowdy travelers and communicated her disapproval in a sign language of eye rolling and sighs.
Suzanne hadn’t come to see them off.  Hadn’t been able to, is how she would have put it, but Brian was sure that she could have ducked out of her meetings for an hour to see them to the airport.  He wasn’t offended for his own sake, but Maisie . . . Her face was pressed to the window, watching the clouds.
Brian’s knees wedged painfully against the reclined seat in front of him, and he felt as if his arms were confined in a straitjacket.  The plane banked and descended low over a marshy-looking expanse of islets.  Brian’s stomach flopped and squirmed.  Two and a half hours.  He still wasn’t sure what to do when he got to Ventry.  Knock on her door?  Imagine standing there, holding Maisie’s small hand, waiting.  Imagine Nora opening the door.  Imagine seeing her for the first time in all these years.  What would he see on her face?  Surprise, certainly.  Maybe confusion.  Anger?  But Nora couldn’t misinterpret his motives if his daughter was at his side.  It couldn’t go too badly with a four-year-old there.  And if it wasn’t Nora who answered?  He wouldn’t knock.
The wheels clattered onto the tarmac and the plane dodged sharply to the left then settled.  Seatbelts clanked and the reaching, shifting bodies released new waves of odor.  Brian stepped into the aisle, slid a Cinderella rolybag from the overhead bin, shouldered his duffel, and levered Maisie’s booster seat out from under a briefcase.
Pick up the hire car, two and a half hours.  He would arrive at dinnertime.  He could phone and ask her to meet him, to meet Maisie and him, for dinner.
Maisie had gone ahead of him down the aisle and a whole family had somehow gotten between them while Brian had wrestled with her car seat.  He could see her about to turn the corner toward the exit.
“Mais!”  She was around the corner and out of sight.  He was only ten feet behind her, really, but the clog of baggage and bodies held him helpless in place.  He reached the top of the steps in time to see the panic break over her face.  She turned, searching, tears welling, lost.
“Mais!”  He waved, caught her eye, displayed the same fraudulent smile he’d used the time a big wave had knocked her down at the beach and she’d come up gasping and choking.  The smile that said, this is all a big laugh we’re having together.  He watched the corners of her mouth tug downward, the momentum still carrying her toward tears as he hurried down the steps.
He grabbed her up and felt her hiccupping breaths against his neck.  “I was right behind you, honey.  I was right behind you all the time.  Some people got in my way, but I was watching you the whole time.  I would never leave you.”
Brian held her until the sobs stopped.  They were alone on the tarmac except for the ground crew readying the stairs to be pulled away.  “Okay?”  She nodded, face still pressed against him, arms locked around his neck.  “That’s a big girl.  Here, take Cinderella.”
Would she tell Suzanne about this, he wondered.  He could imagine the look: disgusted but unsurprised.
He and Maisie followed the signs through a small deserted Customs room with a two-way mirror.  No one even asked to check their credentials.  He wasn’t sure whether it was Ireland or the absence of Suzanne that felt so quiet.  She was a personality—that’s how she put it.  Typical American was how Brian was starting to think of her, distancing himself even from their nationality.  Suzanne was a one-woman show: tour guide, stand-up comic, chanteuse.  She was a celebrity in her own mind, and her adoring entourage, all rolled into one.  She’d strike up a conversation with anyone, whether they liked it or not, and she’d make sure that everyone within earshot knew exactly what was on her mind in real time.
The terminal was poorly lit and minimally staffed.  Brian led Maisy to the currency exchange booth, glad to trade his pounds for euros, and then they checked in at the car hire desk.  Their hire car wasn’t parked in the numbered spot where the girl had told him it would be, so they had to make a second trip inside the dingy airport, interrupt the car hire girl’s phone conversation for a second time, and have her escort them to the car, parked just two spaces down from the number she’d given him.
Brian felt like a diluted version of himself, not quite up to par in wits or initiative.  Everything here was unknown.  Any disruption to his expectations was crippling, as if navigating this place required more than just remembering to drive on the left side of the road; as if everything he was seeing was a mirror image and the slightest interaction with his environment required a series of complex calculations and backward figuring, a shifting around of all his perceptions to a perspective on the opposite side of a glass wall.
The hire car was a tiny gold Nissan, appropriately called a Micra, with a driver’s seat that made the RyanAir seat feel like a barcalounger.  He wedged Maisie’s booster into the back and buckled her in, then stowed her suitcase in the compact space behind the rear seat.  He took a few moments to adjust his mirrors and tune the radio, narrating it all to Maisie because talking made him feel less alone.
Having Maisie there forced Brian into a level of minimal competence—he had no choice but to manage because she was depending on him.  There was no Suzanne; no option to yield to a higher authority.  In Maisie’s eyes he was capable, so he would act it even if he didn’t feel it.  And in the moment when he faced Nora, however it happened, Maisie would keep him steady.  Maisie was his security blanket, his life preserver, his olive branch.
Breathing slowly, glancing in the mirror to be sure the car hire girl was out of sight, he tackled the mental acrobatics of maneuvering them out of the car park.  The green digital clock on the dash of the Micra said 3:20.  They would probably hit Limerick at rush hour, so maybe three hours total to Ventry with traffic.  It would be late for a social call, but still okay.  Nora had always stayed up late, he remembered.  It would be dark in another hour, but Brian had studied the route so many times, he knew that darkness would be no obstacle.
Not far outside Shannon the modern dual carriageway gradually narrowed, dropping one lane and then another and finally losing the low concrete center barrier. Brian’s hands were rigid on the wheel, coaxing the Micra to the far left edge of the two-lane road. The speed limit signs said 100.  Brian tried to calculate how fast that would be in miles per hour, but the math wouldn’t work itself out for him.  He glanced at the speedometer as often as he dared take his eyes from the road, and made a mental compromise to aspire to a steady 85, which felt recklessly fast in the tiny car.
The road was bordered on the left with a low grassy embankment backed with trees, and on the right with rolling green fields bordered by stacked stone walls and the occasional pub or farmhouse.  There were few cars on the road; they would sometimes go several minutes without seeing anyone coming in either direction.  Brian fought off the feeling that he and Maisie were completely alone in an abandoned world of patchwork fields and gray pavement stretching endlessly into the rolling distance to meet an equally empty sky.
Half an hour later the Micra was in a queue of cars and trucks merging into a roundabout that gave onto a dual carriageway promising Limerick ahead.  Brian leaned on the accelerator, coaxing the Micra up to 100.
“What’s he doing, Daddy?”  On the hard shoulder of the motorway a man sat at a card table behind a hand-lettered sign offering WEXFORD STRAWBERRIES €6.  The table held a few green plastic quart baskets.
“He’s selling strawberries.  Wexford strawberries, the sign says.”
“Can we buy some?”
“Not right now, baby.  We can’t stop right now, but we’ll get some on the way back, okay?”  Maisie didn’t answer.  “Are you hungry, Mais?”
“Yes.”
Brian dug into his duffel on the passenger seat and pulled out a granola bar and a bottle of water.  He tore the foil with his teeth, loosened the cap, and handed them back to Maisie.  “Have a snack now, okay?  And then when we stop, we’ll have dinner.”
She didn’t say anything, but she took the snack and Brian could hear her crunching the granola bar.  He blinked away a fantasy of Nora at his side sipping a pint of Guinness while Maisie sat across the table plowing through a plate of sausages and chips.
The traffic through Limerick was slow, but moving steadily.  Past the city, the cars thinned out and the road narrowed to two lanes with pastureland on either side.
Soon now he would see the first hills of Kerry rising on the horizon, dotted with villages of earthen-floored thatched cottages, peat smoke rising from their chimneys.  Nora had described them so many times, it was as if he knew them himself.
He rolled down his window slightly to smell the air of her Ireland, but the cold wind forced him to crank it up again a minute later.  He felt as if his pounding heart was powering the car, every beat carrying him closer to her.
The last time he had seen Nora, nine years ago, she had walked him to the door of her building.  He had wanted to kiss her, but she’d glanced at the doorman on the other side of the glass and held out her hand as if for a businesslike shake.  He couldn’t shake her hand.  He took it in his own and held it.  He looked into her eyes, sending her all the words she wouldn’t let him say, until she pulled free and turned back inside.  He’d gone through the door and walked away.
He still had no plan.  Call her?  She might refuse to speak to him, hang up on him before he could explain that he was here.  He was sure, absolutely certain, that if she saw him again it would all be alright.
The road began to be dotted on both sides with brilliant orange hieroglyphed signs depicting workers with shovels, some accompanied by arrows and other cryptic shapes.  The farmland gave way to the unnatural colors of construction machinery: glaring yellow bulldozers and dump trucks, electric blue sheds, fluorescent orange cones.  Brian slowed as the pavement roughened, the light car bouncing over lumps of earth on the roadway.
An orange-vested worker held out a staff topped with a green sign instructing “Go.”  Brian went, following the cones onto a single-lane stretch of poorly paved road with hedgerows encroaching on both sides.  They passed a sign declaring “Hump-Back Bridge” and then the bridge itself, a perilously narrow structure spanning what appeared to be a dried-up drainage ditch.  After what must have been ten slow miles meandering through a pastoral landscape, the road ended at an unmarked T-junction.
“Great.”
“What happened, Daddy?”
“I’m not sure which way to go.”
“We could go that way,” Maisie pointed right, where the road took a slight uphill climb.
“I don’t know.  I think the other way is the direction we were heading before the detour.  Should we try it?”
“Okay.”
“Or we could turn around and go back.”  If they backtracked and asked directions at the detour, they might find a turning they had missed.  Or they might be sent back along this lonely road to this same junction and have wasted another half hour.  Brian could imagine going back and forth, eternally back and forth across this deserted pastureland in his tiny gold car, on a Sisyphean quest for the junction that would set him on a course to Nora; a Celtic purgatory.  “What should we do, Maisie?”
“Keep going.”
Brian turned left: west, he was reasonably sure.  On the rare occasions they met a car coming in the other direction, Brian stomped the brakes and pulled to the extreme left of the road, branches scraping against the car door as the other driver flashed past.  His hands were stiff from gripping the wheel, and the tension in his shoulders was starting to make his head ache.  Maisie was quiet in the back seat.
“Doing okay, Mais?”
“Yes.”
“We’ll be there soon.”
“Okay.”
“You’re my best copilot, Mais.”
The road looped northward, and then eventually back toward the west.  Orange cones and earth movers replaced the stacked stone walls, and they rejoined the main road, or a main road—it was impossible to tell one from the others. 
They were climbing, threading through rolling but increasingly peaked hills now, and Brian caught occasional glimpses of the gray sea between the stands of scrubby trees lining the right side of the road.  The sun was lower in the sky, slashing his eyes.  He fiddled with the sun visor, but he couldn’t get the flimsy thing positioned properly.  The road wove left, providing momentary relief.  He estimated that they were an hour from Ventry, from Nora.  His stomach felt like it was filled with small beached fish, flopping desperately.  He concentrated on slowing his breathing, relaxing his clenched hands and shoulders.
“Daddy?”
“What, baby?”
The acid sour-milk smell of vomit wafted from the back seat.  Brian yanked the wheel, swerving the car to a stop at the edge of the shoulderless road.  Maisie was crying, holding out her soiled hands and staring down at her wet, reeking clothes.
“Oh, baby, oh no.”
“I’m sorry, Daddy.”
“Maisie, it’s okay, baby.  It isn’t your fault.  I shouldn’t have kept you in the car so long.  Come here.”
He unbuckled her, trying to keep the seatbelt out of the mess, and lifted her out of the car.  She stood in the shelter of the car door, wiping her hands on his pullover while he rooted through her suitcase for clean clothes.  A car zipped around the bend, swerving to avoid them by a narrow margin.
“We can’t stay here, Mais.  Climb in and we’ll find a safer place to stop and get you changed.”
He buckled her into the front passenger seat, adjusting the shoulder belt underneath her arm.  Her legs stuck straight out toward the dash.  He made a five-point U-turn on the narrow road and pulled into a cowpath that intersected the brush on their left.  They bumped down the single gravel lane to the gated mouth of a field where Brian parked and extracted Maisie, streaky-faced and stinking.
Brian cleaned Maisie up the best he could with a bottle of water and his own clean shirts for washcloths.  He wrapped her soiled clothes in a bundle with his wet, dirty shirts.
A brown and white dog trotted over, followed by a loping shaggy black one and an elderly man leaning on a walking stick.
“Coco, leave off.”
“It’s okay,” Brian said as Maisie stretched her hand tentatively for the dog to sniff.
The old man took in Brian’s armful of soiled clothes and Maisie’s disheveled outfit that Suzanne would have pronounced outlandish.  He nodded and walked on, calling over his shoulder, “Come and have a cup of tea and clean yourselves up.”
“That’s very kind of you, but we have to get back on the road.”
The old man raised his hand over his shoulder without turning and beckoned them on.
Maisie started after the dogs and Brian reluctantly followed, glancing at the sinking sun.  Two and a half hours had somehow turned into four.  It would be dark in minutes.  It would be too late to knock on Nora’s door, or even to call.  He would find her house, if he ever found her house, dark and silent, and after all this, he would have to drive away without seeing her.
He had thought that possibly seeing her town would be enough, or seeing her house.  Walking on a street that was part of her memories.  But that wouldn’t be enough at all.  He could see now that nothing short of seeing her, touching her, looking into her eyes again could possibly satisfy him.  That was why he had left Edinburgh a day early, left his wife behind.  Not to see Nora’s town, some houses and trees, but to see Nora herself, whatever that took and whatever it meant.
The old man took them through a side door into a small sitting room crowded with furniture.  “Kathleen,” he called, “see what Coco found in the road.  Will you put on a pot of tea?”
Kathleen turned out to be the sister, not wife, of the old man who at last introduced himself as Tommy.  After a brief debate over whether to give Brian a glass of Bailey’s or port, despite his insistence that he was fine and required no refreshments, he had been installed on a couch wedged between a bookshelf and a small television, a glass of port in his hand.  Maisie had been washed up and pampered by Kathleen,  and now sat on a stack of books at the table, blowing into a cup of generously sweetened tea.
Brian sipped his port and described their efforts to get to Ventry, the detour and his wrong turn.
“That’ll be the improvements on the Dingle Road,” Kathleen said.  “You’ll have to take the Conor Pass, but you’d best wait till morning.  The road is narrow and winding, and this little lady doesn’t seem to care for our country roads.”
“And will ye two be staying over in Ventry?” Tommy asked.
Brian had a momentary vision of a Nora opening the door to a warmly lit cottage, a peat fire burning in the hearth.  The two of them tucking a sleeping Maisie into a snug guest room, pulling the door shut and retreating to their own bed, white sheets, thick duvet.
“No, just a short visit to an old friend,” Brian said.
“Late for a visit.”
Maisie interrupted to ask if she could go outside with Kathleen—she pronounced it Kat-leen, as Tommy did—to see the goat.  Brian, relieved to find an escape from this unexpectedly precarious conversation, swallowed the last of his port, excused himself to Tommy and followed.
The sun was skimming the treetops now.  The goat was penned in the next field over behind a stacked stone wall.  Brian thought that it could easily have jumped over, but it seemed content standing on top of an old rusted metal box that appeared to be intended as its shelter.  Maisie was trying to climb the stone wall for a closer look.  After a few minutes of goat watching, Maisie started picking wildflowers, an occupation that took her to the edge of the field and then through the metal gate.
“Don’t worry, she can’t get into any trouble there.  See, Coco’s looking after her.”
Maisie started down the gravel road toward the setting sun, stopping every few steps to pick a flower or examine a pebble.  Coco bounded ahead, chasing birds.  Brian and Kathleen strolled behind.
“My husband’s family owned all this land,” she said, sweeping her arm from the sunset back toward the main road.  Maisie ran after Coco, and they walked faster.  Kathleen pointed at a low white house just coming into view.  “My Paddy, rest in peace, was born in that house.  His father too.”  Maisie had stopped up ahead and was silhouetted between two stands of tall grass, the setting sun directly behind her.  “He sold the house years ago, during hard times.  He always hoped to buy it back again someday.”
Beyond Maisie a narrow path wove through the dense grasses to a sandy beach.  Coco was frolicking in knee-deep water.  Brian nodded his permission and Maisie raced across the sand to crouch at the water’s edge.  Kathleen leaned against the low wall that marked the property line of the old house.  Its windows overlooked the sandy strand, deep green water, low hills rising out of the sea at the horizon.
“Maybe you’ll get it back someday.”
“No, never,” Kathleen said. “You would have to be mad to give this up.”  She patted the ancient stone wall and started back up the path.
 
It was nearly 8:00 when they walked up the road to their car.  Kathleen and Tommy had once again advised against attempting the Conor Pass in the dark, and had given Brian detailed instructions for getting the car ferry across the mouth of the Shannon to avoid driving through Limerick, which they called Stab City.  Against Brian’s protestations, they had insisted on feeding both of them an impromptu dinner of sausages, eggs, and chips before allowing them to leave.
A patchy fog had risen up and drifted like gentle ocean waves just above the ground. 
“Feel okay to get back on the road?”
“Yep.”  Brian buckled Maisie into the car seat, still stinking of vomit despite his cleanup efforts.  No doubt the cleaning bill would show up on his Visa statement.  Maisie leaned against the headrest and smiled at Brian.
He had called Nora once more, a few days after that last afternoon together.  She had said she was on the other line, promised to call right back.  He had never heard her voice again.
“Mais?”
“Hmm?”
“If you had a friend who you cared about a lot, and they said they didn’t want to be your friend anymore, would you say okay and just not talk to them anymore, or would you keep trying?”
“If they said they didn’t want to be my friend, then I wouldn’t be their friend anymore.”
“What if it was your very best friend and you had a silly misunderstanding and the friend wouldn’t talk to you?  And the friend is stubborn but you know that you’re really best friends forever?  Then would you give up or keep trying?”
“Then . . . I guess keep trying.”
“Do you really believe that, Mais?”
She shrugged.  “If she’s really my friend, then she would talk to me.”
 
The motorcycle’s taillight faded to a red pinprick in the darkness.  Maisie shifted position, snorted loudly, and woke up.
“Where are we?”
“We’re in Tarbert, at the River Shannon.”
“I don’t see it.”
“Well, it’s dark.  But it’s right here.”  He pointed to the water gently advancing and retreating on the concrete ramp in front of them. 
 “Daddy?”
“What, Mais?”
“What are Wexford strawberries like?”
“I don’t know, baby.  I’ve never tasted them.  I’m sorry, Mais.  I should have bought them for you when we saw them earlier.”
“That’s okay.”  She was quiet for a long time then, and Brian thought she must have dozed off again.  “I bet they’re sweet.”
Brian put the car back into gear and reversed up the slipway.
The fog had cleared some, but the going was still slow.  He could see about twenty yards of road ahead, rising and falling like gentle ocean swells.  The white needle of the gas gauge grazed the empty mark.  In a few more miles there was a T-junction and a typically cryptic road sign with an unpronounceable Gaelic name and a small arrow.  He turned.

Invincible
Helen K. Bailey

A man stood upon a bridge in northern Alabama, looking down into the swift water twenty feet below. The man’s hands were behind his back, the wrists bound with a cord. A rope closely encircled his neck and weights hung from his ankles.
“Okay Charlene,” he said. “You know what to do?”
“Yes,” she replied. “If your neck doesn’t snap, I cut the rope. If you don’t drown, I shoot you.”
“Right.”
“Are you sure you want to do this, Ned?”
“Yes, for Chrissakes.”
“You know I’m not actually going to shoot you.”
“Dammit, Charlene, I know what I’m doing. Follow the plan.”
“Okay. If you insist.”
He glanced up at the rusty autumn sunset for a moment, then closed his eyes, took a deep breath, and jumped. He felt himself falling briefly, then he felt the rope catch. Panic suddenly washed over him as pain seared through his throat. He started gagging and knew his neck hadn’t snapped. “Cut the rope, Charlene,” he thought. “Do it now!”
He was falling again. With a slight splash, he hit the water and sank straight to the bottom. He tried to breathe but couldn’t. His lungs simply refused to expand. He waited, fear growing steadily in his heart. What would it feel like to die? Was he really prepared?
He waited for what seemed like an eternity, watching the seaweed wave back and forth in the current. A turtle swam by very slowly, pausing to nibble at something. Ned still couldn’t force himself to breathe.
Finally, he heard gunshots. Two. He saw two bullets shoot past him in slow motion and bury themselves in the sandy riverbed. “Keep shooting, Charlene,” he thought. Four more shots came, the sound somewhat muffled by the water. All four bullets lodged themselves deep in the sand. “What the hell’s the matter with her?” he thought.
“She’s the best shot this side of the Mississippi and she can’t even shoot a still target from thirty feet away!”

Standing on the bridge, Charlene eyed the gun she was holding. It looked perfectly normal, but something was not right. She had shot Ned. She knew she had shot him. Charlene had been in the NRA for years; her daddy had taught her to shoot when she was seven. She even knew how to adjust her aim to the refraction of the water, so the bullet would hit its submerged mark dead on. There was no way that she had missed him with six shots. It was impossible.

At the bottom of the river, Ned stood wondering just how long it would take before his lungs burst. Suddenly a surge of the current dragged his weights across the sand, downriver and toward the east bank. He reluctantly tried to kick the weights toward the river’s center, but only succeeded in pushing himself closer to land. His head popped out of the water and his lungs instantly expanded. Gasping for breath, he saw Charlene walking toward him, her face white as cotton.
“What the hell happened, Charlene?” he yelled. She just looked at him.
“You forget how to shoot or somethin’?”
“I shot you, Ned,” she said slowly, her eyes wide with disbelief. “I shot you six times. In the back.”
Ned froze. His spine began to tingle like there were hundreds of tiny spiders having a New Year’s Eve party on his skin. Then joy surged through his body and he nearly leaped into the air.
“Can you believe this?” he cried. “It’s true! I really am invincible!”
“You’re not invincible, Ned. In the first place, you’re going to get hypothermia if you don’t get dried off pretty quick. In the second place, no one is invincible. That’s like saying you’re the next Jesus or somethin’.”
“Maybe I am.” His reply was calm, as though he had already thought this through.
“Oh shit,” said Charlene. “I know this is weird, but you can’t start acting crazy on me. I must have just missed my shots. Maybe I was subconsciously afraid to shoot you, so my hands fucked up. Don’t turn this into some big mess. And don’t keep tryin' to get yourself killed. If it happens, it happens. If it doesn’t, great.”
“I think you’re missing the point, Charlene. Two days ago I was run over by a bus. How often do people get run over and manage to be right exactly between the wheels? I didn’t even get a scratch. And now it seems I can’t be hung, shot, or drowned either. This is a miracle of God, Charlene. People need to know about this. I might be a new messiah, for all we know.”
“Oh no, I will not listen to this,” she said incredulously. “Ned, you go home right now and go to bed. Take a sleeping pill if you need to. Call me tomorrow if you’re still feeling out of sorts, okay? And for pete’s sake, put on some dry clothes before you catch pneumonia.” Charlene shook her head and walked up the riverbank to her car.
“I’m not crazy, Charlene,” Ned called after her. “You said yourself you shot me in the back six times. I know you didn’t slip up. You don’t miss. Ever.” Charlene turned around.
“There’s a first time for everything, Ned. Either I miscalculated my shots, or you are one lucky guy. That’s all there is to it.” She got in her car and drove away quickly, without looking back.
“I am not crazy!” Ned yelled at the retreating car. He looked back at the river flowing behind him. “There is more to this than just luck.”

Charlene woke up the next day and dragged herself into the kitchen to make a pot of coffee. She opened the door to let the cat out, and saw the morning paper on her doorstep. The headline read, “Miracle: Local Man Defies Death.” She immediately called Ned, but the line was busy and remained so for the next hour. As she walked out the door to go to work, Charlene stopped to pet the cat. “Ned is taking this too far,” she told it. “I have to stop him. Any ideas?”

At precisely that moment, Ned was talking to a Mrs. Marie Billings, who desperately wanted him to cure her chronic headaches. Before her, it had been old Michael Winters with heart problems, and before that it was Annie McLarsen wanting to rid her youngest son of nightmares. “This miracle business is tough,” Ned thought to himself as he patiently tried to explain to Mrs. Billings that he was not, as yet, a healer.
“I am a death-defier,” he told her. “My expertise has nothing whatsoever to do with headaches. I’m still testin’ out what other miracles I can perform, but for the time being I don’t think I could do much for your afflictions. I’m truly sorry, ma’am.” Mrs. Billings angrily hung up on him. Ned sighed, stretching his arms out. His phone had been ringing nonstop since six o’clock that morning with people wanting him to perform miracles. “I wonder if Jesus ever got this tired,” he said aloud to the empty room. “I could use a cup of coffee.”

That evening, Charlene decided to drop by Ned’s house after work. They had been friends for a long time and she knew from experience that once he got his mind set on something, he absolutely did not let it go. One time, when they were children, he had jumped off his garage fourteen times because he was sure that he could fly if he just got the hang of it. The only reason he finally quit trying was because his father threatened to whip him if he didn’t get off the damn roof. Charlene was afraid Ned would keep attempting suicide just to prove again that it couldn’t be done.
She turned onto Ned’s street and saw police cars lined up against the curb. Her hands began shaking as she drove closer. “Maybe they’re just asking him questions,” she said, trying to calm herself down.
She parked the car and walked up to Ned’s house, and her heart dropped into her stomach. An ambulance sat in the driveway, but the sirens were off and there was no frantic hustle to get to the emergency room. Instead, a stretcher was being wheeled out slowly, covered with a white sheet. Charlene’s body slowly started to go numb.
“Ma’am, I’m sorry, but you’re not allowed to be here.” A cop tapped Charlene on the shoulder, startling her into dropping her purse. He picked it up for her.
“I’m a friend of Ned’s…is he…” she couldn’t finish the question.
“I’m terribly sorry,” the cop said, his eyes blank. “I just can’t believe it, it was so strange. We reckon he was making coffee and the machine went haywire. Water flew everywhere, and he got electrocuted. You can even see where part of his hand melted onto the coffee pot. The chances for something like this happening are one in a million.” He looked down at her and noticed the distress in her face. “Aw hell, I’m sorry, ma’am, I wasn’t supposed to say anything. I, uh, I mean, you must be in shock. Is there anything I can do?”
“No,” Charlene replied. “I’m fine. I just need to go home and…and…”
“Ok, ma’am,” the cop interrupted, “I’m sorry but I have to ask you to move along now.  We have a lot of cleaning up to do.”
“Right,” Charlene said. She turned and walked slowly back to her car. She drove home carefully and went straight to bed, feeling exhausted from the inside out.
That night she dreamed that she and Ned were fish. They were swimming along playfully when Ned suddenly shot up towards the water’s surface. Too late, she saw the thin line reaching from his mouth up into a tiny boat. While she swam around in circles underneath it, she heard the rip of Ned’s flesh. His head plopped into the water, and she watched it sink slowly into the darkness. If only she had seen the line before he took the bite…
Charlene woke up in a cold sweat. She went downstairs and poured herself a glass of orange juice. She opened the door to let the cat out and saw a new paper lying on her doorstep. The headline read, “Invincible Man Killed by Coffee Maker.”
Nice and Easy
Len Schweitzer

“Balls!” It was a diurnal curse at oneself.
Cassidy slid into the booth where I was camping with a pint of Bass Ale and my Toshiba laptop. Her hair was so black obsidian that it flashed blue under certain lights. One side was bobbed, the other buzz-cut, framing her white Kabuki face. Her indigo lipstick matched the indigo of her arm tattoos. At a nearby table were two horsey women with deep-sea tans. Wearing tennis togs and drinking bloody marys. They ogled Cassidy with bourgeois disdain.
“Balls what?”
“Somebody stole my newspapers.”
“Bought one and took the rest. Sorry, Kid.”
I’m a 30-year Air Force retiree with a website. Not much action there. Maybe ten hits a day. What the hell? It gives me an excuse to call myself a bookseller. My military career stationed me around the world. I own about a thousand rare paperbacks, some in German and Japanese. At the moment I was composing business letters. The ale loosened me up to creativity.
When I left Miami I thought I would never return. But here I am, and the place is going nuts over a little Cuban kid. You’ve heard of him. The world has. Elián Gonzalez. My minuscule condo apartment is located on the 79th Street Causeway midway across Biscayne Bay. An easy stroll from where a famous nightspot used to be. Jilly’s. Swank and exclusive. We townies crashed it once or twice before going to Vietnam and other scenic places. Two of my buddies were drafted into the Marines and got blown to pudding. Wo, stop me. This ain’t a war story.
I can imagine Cassidy in Jilly’s. Some kind of Holly Golightly in black turtleneck and pedal-pushers. She ambushes Frank Sinatra, handing him a zen poem wrapped around a long-stem hibiscus.
And he would turn and ask with a twinkle, “What’s this, Doll?” Blue eyes.
“Oops,” the clunky thing dropped her cigarettes and matches. 
Clove cigarettes and box matches. The floor must have eaten them. When she looked they were gone.
Barely audible. “Back in a minute.”
“Where’re you going?”
“Buy smokes.”
Ain’t that a kick in the head? I struggle for years to give up the damn things and kids today go for them fast as you can say Joe Camel.
I watched her clomp across the hardwood floor in her Doc Martens. She was totally noir, wearing a black muscle-shirt and a black floral grannyskirt that swished in her wake. 
She returned with a pack of Camels and a borrowed book of matches. Memory flash. I asked her, “What happened to the Zippo I gave you?”
“Godawful thing torched my nose.”
“In The Nam that was its beauty.”
She drilled me with a plume of smoke and showed me her teeth. She needed a chimney-sweep, not a dentist. Winsome smile. Goth mouth.
She reminded me of Morticia. Or one of the erotic dead. 
Cassidy earned rent money selling out-of-town newspapers from vending machines. She said she lived in a roach-hotel with pink stucco walls and red spanish tiles. The only good thing there was a terrazzo patio with a PVC plastic table-and-chairs under a bright Cinzano umbrella.
“So,” I asked. “How’s work coming along?”
“Bought an SUV Lexus.”
“You frigging yuppies.”
She returned my smirk.
Don’t laugh when I tell you how we hooked up. In the library, at a lonelyhearts book club social. We read The King In Yellow by Robert W. Chambers. 
Yeah, I like weird tales. Believe me, she has a weird tale of her own.
The place we were in now was called a brasserie. Up-scale bar & grill. What would normally be a cheap-eat cost a ten-spot. The array of available drinks, micro-brews and unheard-of imported liquors, was the main draw. Lots of brass fixtures and mirrors. On a Saturday night, with stand-up comics and lounge-crooners, the place could pass for a New Jersey roadhouse. 
The morning manager was a scheisskopf. His family named him after his papa in Cuba, so everybody called him Segundo. He sat like a manatee behind a baroque cash-register, ringing up breakfast sales.
 He gladly waited on diners, unctuously schmoozing them and snapping his fat sausage fingers for table help. He didn’t attend to booths like mine, staying as far from daylight boozers as he could.
I asked him for another Bass.
“Fresh out. You drank the last one.”
“Whitbread, then.”
“I’ll look.”
Swarthy, paunchy. Segundo had lustrous wispy fine hair the color of brown shoe polish all over his body, it seemed, except where it would matter the most for a thirty-year-old swinger: on the crown of his dull head. He wore khaki cargo shorts and navy knitted shirts like a uniform. Must have owned a dozen sets. Nike sandals. Wild and crazy guy.
He gave me a Whitbread and wrote it on my tab.
His place was the San Souci. Rose and aqua neon sign.
“Know what you need here, Segundo? You need shirts with a logo.”
Frowning. “What kind of logo?”
“A Sans Souci logo. Whatever you like.”
“Like maybe a sailfish leaping out of the water?”
“Miami already has the Marlins.”
“Don’t mention those putas in here.”
“Wo, sorry.” I remember hearing he had lost a bundle on them through a Las Vegas bookie on the internet.
With his nose solidly out of joint, he decided to quiz me. “You happen to know what Sans Souci means? Eh, flyboy?”
I grinned, all toothy. “Without a care. That’s why I drink in your brassy establishment. I could carry my business to that trendy Art-Deco trattoria down the street. If that would suit you.”
“As if. Now go away with your drink.”
I began to go, then I said, “Seriously, if you want somebody to design a logo for you, Cassidy over there can do it. She’s an artist.”
“The vampire girl with a ring in her belly-button?”
“You should see her tattoos.”
“Beat it.”
Cassidy had already smoked two cancer-sticks. Her elfin nose was buried in a paperback book. Lost Souls by Poppy Z. Brite.
“Ho, gorgeous!” That irritated her, but she let me get away with it because the last thing she wanted to be was politically correct. I simply couldn’t help myself. She was the most wonderful thing in my life.
“Yew tawkin t’me?”
“Excuse me, Travis.” I sat down.
We shared a relaxed silent time. We watched the morning crowd come and go. The vegetarian bagel people. The Sante Fe omelet people. The hungry-as-a-truckdriver-chickenfried-steak-with-gal-gravy people.
Segundo fed them all. His favored customers, of course, were those who spent the least time eating. They were those smart professional people in a hurry to be somewhere vital. Slim, manicured officer-types. Suits ordering breakfast Continental.
Segundo must have thought their glow of success would rub off onto him.
Cassidy toyed with my Panama hat. It was part of my uniform of tropical shirts, faded blue jeans and blazingly white Reeboks. Same lazy threads I wore mufti while on leave.
She was a true creature of the night. Her affected visage was of chalky ennui. I had seen others from her nether-realm with similar masks.
Were we lovers? I may have fantasized a May-September affair. But Cassidy didn’t have a romantic molecule in her body. We were two outsiders. Lonesome chums in a foxhole.
Like the bourgeois dames drinking bloody marys, I too had a deep-sea tan. I had undergone more than one melanoma scare. An Air Force surgeon cut a chunk out of the bridge of my nose. The restructuring work gave me a tough, hard-bitten pug look. Believe me, it wasn’t a mask.
Chief Master Sergeant Ted Carmody.
Aircraft Refueling Specialist.
Active duty: Vietnam, Turkey, Japan, Germany and Air Force One, Randolph AFB.
“How do you like my buzzcut?” I asked her.
She stroked the gray stubble on my head like she would the M or W on a tabby cat.
“It’s still geezer. You gonna dye it?”
“Yeah. Same color as Warhol’s wig.”
“Well,” she chuckled. “Keep it under your hat.”
Segundo was glaring at us.
“I think he wants us to leave.”
Her shrug was profound. “Fuck him.”
“Let me look for cloves.” I wrangled down beneath our table. Found them. 
“Oh, thanks!” She smiled with sincere appreciation. Then: “Have you heard of Antonin Artaud?”
“As a matter of fact, I have. His contemporaries were surrealists and nihilists. There was Dada and the Theatre of the Absurd. His was the Theatre of Cruelty. He went insane. Why the interest?”
“I have this old CD. Bauhaus.”
I almost launched into an interminable oration on the Bauhaus school of architecture. Caught myself.
“My knowledge of rock music is nil. I’m a jazzbo.”
Jazz, and the Heart of Darkness. Poetry of the Cosmos. Gutsy, raucous, chaotic disharmony that made sense. Be-bop, Bossa-Nova. Steel mills and quiet surf. My greats were Trane, Monk and Mingus. Jobim, Baden-Powell, Bonfa and Gilberto. Balm to my soul.
I looked at Cassidy. She was amazing. Both slinky and clunky. I was hoping she would pass through this Goth phase and, like a chrysalis, morph into something vibrant and even more beautiful.
She was about to begin her voyage of discovery and I wanted to impart to her my zest for life and love of learning. The pursuit of knowledge and understanding should be never-ending. The goal is but a tiny teardrop of wisdom.
“You know a lot of stuff,” she said.
“Some people would differ.”
“No doubt. Does it matter?”
“Not in the slightest.”
“Good. Let’s blow this joint.”
Segundo could not conceal his jubilation as we departed the Sans Souci.
The autumn sun touched our faces kindly. A breeze from the bay rattled the fronds of coconut trees.
We walked to a man-made cape that served as a boat-launch for townies. Saltwater Crackers. I remembered it well. From there we used to crank up our Evinrudes and zoom off, slappity-slap, to V-hull paradise.
What the hell were we doing? When she took my hand and squeezed it, I nearly died.
“You never married. Why?
“Didn’t want to. Didn’t want kids.”
“Bet you got laid a lot.”
“All of them strangers.”
Titillate
Shannon Taylor

It slowly dawned on me that all of this could have easily been avoided had I followed Leland’s advice.  Just last week he’d told me, “Jean, don’t do it”.  But, I’m stubborn.  Just too damn stubborn to take good advice when I hear it.  Now, it’s too late to turn back.
I went to the animal shelter on Monday afternoon.  As soon as 5:00 came around I locked the office and headed straight there in search of a beautiful, more mature (house broken) canine friend to share my home and heart with.  When I got there I was informed that the shelter closed at 6:00 and that I was welcome to tour the pens as long as I liked and that if I wanted to see any of the “residents” personally to ring the bell on the wall and someone would come to assist me.
Entering the area that housed all of the dogs ready to be adopted was an unnerving experience.  The first thing I noticed was the smell.  You’d think that it’d be a little funky with all of the food, slobbing, and shitting going on.  There had to be close to 100 dogs—big, small, tall, short, skinny, fat—all kinds.  But it didn’t smell like shit, spit, or food.  It had an antiseptic smell.  It smelled more like I was in a hospital than in an animal shelter.
The second thing I noticed was the sound.  None of the dogs were barking.  Instead, they were all making a hissing sound…not like a snake hiss, but a hiss like a person fighting for their last breath…heggggh, heggggh, heggggh.  It was a deep, guttural sound that seemed unnatural coming from such a diverse group of dogs—none of the sounds varied in pitch or tempo.  Intermittently, all you heard was hegggh, hegggh, hegggh while inhaling a potent bleach and pine-sol perfume.  
The last thing I noticed upon entering the place where I’d find my lifelong furry companion was the activity of the dogs.  The dogs were housed in metal chain-link cages about four feet wide and eight feet high in rows of ten.  There were one or two dogs housed in each cage, each dog similar in size.  There were two bowls in each cage in the back left corner, one with water and one with food.  All of the dogs, in every cage were sitting at the front of cage where visitors walked by—perfectly still.  None seemed to be jumping around vying for attention, none were wagging their tails, none were happily panting in anticipation of being “chosen” to go to a new and better place.  They were all sitting perfectly still, all making that deep hissing growl and all looking in my direction..
As I knew this was an important decision to make, one that would last for years to come, I wanted to do as thorough a job as I could in seeing each and every dog.  I wanted to observe their initial behaviors, their physical characteristics, and most importantly, their response to me.  I began to walk down the first row making my initial observations.  
As I walked past the cages none of the dogs displayed any distinguishing characteristics.  They just sat there looking and hissing at me.  I got close to two of the cages on the first row and made the usual “hi, doggy”, “how are you doing doggy?”, “would you like to go home with me doggy?” conversation.  Nothing…no response except for hissing—hegggh, hegggh, hegggh.  
I continued my journey down the second, third, and fourth rows.  More of the same.  When I reached the fifth row, I could immediately see one dog stand out from the rest.  He was a small black terrier and he was the only dog making any movement in the entire facility.  He was housed alone about four cages down from the entrance of the kennel.  Although, he too, was making that awful hissing growling sound, he was jumping from the left to the right of the cage and wagging his tail.  He would run from the front of the cage to the middle of the cage, make a spin, and continue to the back.  On his way back to the front of the cage, he’d make the same middle turn and then bounce back to the front where he’d stand on his hind legs and smile, yes, he SMILED, at me. Naturally, he, or she, was the one for me.  
I immediately made my way to the door and rang the bell for assistance.  After some time, a tall, black-haired, sallow-faced old man, whose nametag read Mr. Houndsman, came through the door and asked, “Hah mey I hep you?”.  His voice immediately made me uncomfortable.  When I say “tall”, he had to have been at least 7 feet tall.  He looked to be about sixty years old and had a gray-green hue to his complexion.  Reading a book by its cover, I anticipated he’d have a Barry White-esque voice to match is stature.  Not the case.  He had the voice and the accent of an old Asian lady just arriving from Thailand, very scratchy, very short worded and a bit hard to understand.  
Again, he asked, “Hah mey I hep yu?”  
Concealing my grin, I let him know that I was interested in the small black dog on the fifth row in and fourth cage down, and that I would like to meet him, or her, in person.  Mr. Houndsman told me to “fowow” him, turned on his heel with no further instructions and walked back toward the entrance.  As I followed him out of the kennel, I noticed that all of the other dogs, the same dogs who were initially only sitting at the front of the cages hiss-growling, had moved to the back of their cages, turned their backs to Mr. Houndsman and me, and looked to be “whispering” to one another.  In hindsight, I can recognize that the whole experience was quite odd.  Very, very odd.  Unfortunately, as I was solely focused on finding my perfect pet, all of those readily observable “clues” that something was a bit “off” were shadowed by my stubborn blindness to anything other than leaving with my dog.
Mr. Houndsman and I took a left after leaving the kennel and made our way down a long and dim corridor until we came to a group of rooms at the end of the hallway.  There were two rooms on the left and two on the right.  The fire-engine-red doors were numbered and had large windows with security bars on each window.  Houndsman led me to door number 4 and said “You wait heh, I bwing dog.”  
The room was quite dim, also, and was starkly furnished with a small folding table and a metal folding chair. There was a bowl of dog biscuits on the table.  I sat in the chair and awaited the meeting between the dog and I.  
It took about ten minutes for Houndsman to return with my dog.  He led him in on a small red leash, released him and quietly left the room, closing the door behind him.   He stood at the door, bending slightly due to his height, and watched us through the window—I assumed this was to make sure no foul play occurred.  
As I anticipated, the dog was amazing.  It was a male and he was very friendly, immediately jumping in my lap and burying his face in the crook of my neck, as if he’d waited only for me to come for him his entire life.  I gently stroked his back and said, “sit”.  To my surprise and delight, he understood the command.  He came down from my neck, sat in my lap and looked up at me with a…smile?  Yes, a smile.  I gave him one of the treats from the bowl on the table.  Taking the treat and eating it, he gave an utterance of thanks—“rrraaawwww ruuuuuuu.”  Wow, I thought, that sounds so close.  He remained in my lap, still and smiling and looking into my eyes.  I put him on the floor and stood.  I wanted to see if he was a jump-all-over-you type dog or a sit-and-behave type dog.  He sat, still and smiling.  I walked to the door and waited.  He didn’t move.  I called him, “here doggy.”  He bounced happily over to me and sat at my feet, looking up at me, still and smiling.  “You’re the one”, I said.
The paperwork and the adoption fee were taken care of quickly by another tall, sallow-faced, black-haired elderly man behind a small glass window.  It was five ‘til six when “Damien” and I left the Pecos Animal Shelter and headed for home.
The Last Things We Do
P. V. LeForge

I never met Grim Hosford, although I’ve seen torn and brown newspaper clippings of him tacked up around the bookstore. There’s a picture of him in Levi’s and an AC/DC t-shirt shelving books under the headline “Paperback Rack Rated Tally’s Top Book Shop.” There’s another—tattered and almost unreadable—that shows him selling a book to the newly elected School Superintendent. He was once Business Owner of the Month and sometimes gave talks to library groups about this and that.
But I don’t know what Grim Hosford is doing now. Since he sold the bookstore to Lisa a few years ago, he has disappeared. Some people—including Lisa, who should know—said that he got married and moved out to a farm in another time zone. But I have heard other rumors. One man told me that he was certain that Grim had thyroid cancer and had gone to live with a relative in Alaska; another said that he had become a best-selling novelist writing under a pseudonym. A retired professor said she had seen him in England. A fourth maintained that he had seen Grim walking along near the cemetery with Lloyd Shingles, both in ragged clothes and carrying duffle bags. Take your pick, I guess.
I’m not going to tell you my own name—just think of me as one of the hundred or so students who were helped through college by working at The Paperback Rack. And with the economy as poor as it is there is no guarantee that the bookstore will be able to continue much longer. The stock of new books has gone down even in the year I have been working here and their shelves remind me of closets where only a few shirts are hanging. Most of the college professors have had to go back to using the university bookstores to stock books for their classes and Lisa had to stop using the major distributors when she got behind in her payments. Right now it’s rent and taxes first, employees second, then anything else, although there’s not much left for that “anything else.” I know because I’m the one who does the ledgers now. That’s what I was doing when this guy I’ve never seen before—large with a reddish beard and wild hair—came in with a box of books, followed by a boy of about ten carrying a shopping bag.
“I hope you don’t want cash,” I told the man as he placed the box on the desk. It’s best to get that out of the way as soon as possible. When people get behind in their house payments, their books are among the first things they try to sell. Lisa told me that Grim Hosford used to pay cash to almost everyone, but that was in better times.
The man shook his tawny head and took the bag from his son and placed it near the box. “These are donations,” he said. “My mother used to know the owner years ago. She has Alzheimer’s now so she doesn’t do much reading any more. But hey, the economy sucks right now and these might do you all some good. I have a few more boxes in the car.”
After they had brought in half a dozen boxes from a van parked outside, the man and his son lingered over a cup of cappuccino and a Pepsi. I thought that he might be trying to hit on me—and certainly he did a little flirting, even with his son sitting there—until I realized that he was just lonely for good old American conversation. He told me that he was a missionary in Mongolia and had only returned to help his mother move into an assisted living arrangement. He told me that she had arranged her future very carefully, making sure that she would not be a burden on him. With his calling, there was no telling if he would ever see her again. The delivery of the boxes of books had been important to her, and it was his last task before he returned to Asia.
He asked a lot of questions about me—what I was studying, what I planned to do when I graduated, whether I had any boyfriends—and I guess my answers were okay. His questions made me seem interesting and attractive and when he got up to leave, it was with a wistfulness that I shared. I wondered what it might be like to go with him on his adventures, but most bookstore clerks are not bold enough to take on that kind of hardship, and it was with mixed feelings that I watched his taillights leave the parking lot and disappear down Monroe Street. 
I looked down at my green ledger sheet, but I no longer felt like writing pinched figures in small boxes. I shoved the ledgers aside and got up from the desk. A woman with a fading memory had given Lisa a slew of books, kind of like a legacy. And it was important enough to her that she had to have them delivered personally by her son. The two rolling book carts were empty so I brought them up front to put the new arrivals on. It was another very slow night and I was there, as always, alone (gone were the days when Grim Hosford had two or three people working the same shift). I had a couple of hours until closing, so I sucked in my breath and hoisted one of the boxes up to the desk.
No, it wasn’t that golden cache that booksellers dream about. But it wasn’t the ordinary dime-a-dozen, Goodwill pile of dog-eared bestsellers, either. There were a lot of Kerouac, Steinbeck, Fitzgerald, and Stein. Most were older paperback editions, but with their pages clean and their spines only lightly creased. There were books on theology and music theory that had originally been pretty costly. I also found a signed copy of John Rechy’s first novel, in a very good dust jacket. Oh sure, there was the occasional bit of fluff—everyone has something like that in their house—but this chaff was far outweighed by the kernels. I did a quick, ballpark calculation and realized that we were talking about several hundred dollars worth of free books—most of them by authors we would sell quickly. 
In the bottom of one of the boxes was what looked to be a two-inch-thick manual. It had white comb binding with a clear plastic cover. There was a yellow sticky note on the front with the single word—Grimsley—written in what looked to be a shaky hand. Curious, I opened it and found a letter written in the same hand, followed by several hundred pages of computer-generated text with a few embedded photos.

Dearest Grim (went the letter),
A couple of years ago, my physician told me that I was in the early stages of dementia, but even before he told me I knew something was wrong. I was forgetting the names of people I had just met and sometimes having to settle for the second or third best word to describe something because the more precise word would be gone from my vocabulary. I thought these things were just effects of growing older, but in my case, it is more than that. In the last year, I have lost almost all my short-term memory and I’m preparing to spend my last days in a nursing home. I have done well in business since we last saw each other, so I will be well taken care of. My son will check on me from time to time, but after a while, I probably will not know him nor will I be aware if he visits me—or doesn’t visit me. No matter. I have lived my life—he has most of his ahead of him.
My physician suggested that I write an autobiography, and I have been doing just that for the last year, writing down my memories while I still have them. It was an interesting experience. I went through all my old records, check stubs, journals, and letters—anything that would give me a clue as to what I was doing during a certain time. It took me the whole year to write down the things that seemed most important—at least all the things I could remember, ha ha. There have been a lot of people in my life, but most of them have made no impact on me and I have not mentioned them in my biography. For those who seemed more important, I have printed out a copy. This is yours.
Holly

By the time I was finished reading this letter, it was time to close up. The small amount of sales that day was depressing, but I went through my routine mechanically, from counting the money to rinsing out the cappuccino machine, all the time thinking of the tawny-haired, red-bearded giant who would soon be on an airplane with his son to the far, far East.
So it was Grim Hosford that Holly had left the books to, not Lisa. I should have known. Still, they were for the bookstore no matter who the owner was, and they would do their tiny bit to keep us afloat for another few days or weeks.
I took the biography home.
In my tiny apartment I made a cup of cocoa, put on my nightclothes, and got into bed. I didn’t feel like eating or doing dishes or washing clothes—all of which I probably needed to do. What I wanted to do was to go through the life of this woman named Holly who knew Grim Hosford sometime before I was born. I guess we get into our own little extended families whether we want to or not, and Grim was part of mine, although I would probably never meet him. My own family was in Chugwater, Wyoming, seemingly as far away from me as Mongolia. 
I flipped through the pages. Although the book had probably been put together at Office Depot or Kinko’s, the pages looked professionally done, with a no-nonsense font and an occasional embedded photo to illustrate a place or a person. I learned later that Holly had been both a typographer and a word processor. I turned back to the beginning and began to learn about a stranger’s life.
I learned that Holly had been born in Sarasota, on the west coast of Florida. She had been a music prodigy even before she had reached school age. When it was discovered that she had a high I.Q. her parents got her accepted into Mensa—an organization for geniuses (I had to look that up; we didn’t have geniuses in Chugwater). She won a full music scholarship to Florida State University by winning a contest—she played a piano concerto that she had written herself. In the book, she spends twenty-six pages on her first semester—pretty technical stuff about her classes and other musicians she was hanging around with, how much she hated her parents, that kind of thing. She also talked freely about her sex life, sometimes going into disturbing detail. I had to skip much of what she had to say about size and frequency and number of partners, which made my own, single experience seem tame and unimportant. But still, I must admit that I soon became interested in her far more than in anyone that I actually knew. It was in her chapter about the second semester that she mentioned Grim Hosford for the first time, so I read on, even though my eyes were drooping.

I also signed up for a course in Symbolic Logic—it was a senior-level course so I was the youngest one in the class. Here, finally, was a course that I could use my whole mind in and I went to the first few classes feeling like it was my birthday. Unfortunately, you can’t stay up all night playing music and smoking dope and fucking and still have enough time or brain cells left to perform mathematical reasoning, so I fell behind—way behind. It must have shown, because, after the second or third class the guy sitting next to me asked if I wanted to have a study session. Naturally, I assumed that what he was actually asking was if I wanted to have sex, and as I’ve already mentioned, I had all the sexual outlets I needed. But there was something in his face—an innocence, I think—that made me stop and reflect. He was pretty tall—about six-one—and kind of thin. His hair was over-the-ears long, but not lead-guitar-player long, as if he had just discovered that the Sixties were the Sixties. Long hands and greenish eyes and just a hint of an overbite. I opened my mouth to refuse, but “Sure” came out instead.
His name was Grimsley Hosford, and as I got to know him, I found him to be a shy, sweet boy. He was in his senior year, majoring in English, and without a clue as to what he was going to do when he graduated. For our first session we met in a coffee shop near campus called The Sweet Shoppe.
“How can you not know what you want to do with your life?” I asked him.
He just shrugged. “I really don’t want to teach,” he said. “And I’m not much of a writer. I just like to read.”
I found out that he was taking the logic course as a lark and that he, too, was having trouble keeping up. We met a couple of times and went over the day’s lessons, but I had trouble concentrating. Throughout our sessions I had so much music running through my head that there was no room for theorems and greater-than signs. When we met for our third session, he looked at me with concern. “Where’s your textbook?” he asked.
“I’m quitting school,” I told him.
“What?” The poor boy looked totally shocked.
“School’s no good for me,” I said. “I need to get on with my life and my music.”
“Where will you go?” he asked.
“New York.”
I cashed in some of my scholarship money, took out my little bit of savings from the bank and headed out on the next plane. I didn’t have much to take—a few records and some clothes. My friend Jim Bohannon had once lived in New York and he had given me directions to The Albert Hotel on 10th Street, where I was lucky enough to get a room on the fifth floor.


Tim Buckley was living there then and he invited me to his room one time to get high. I made an excuse because I knew that the stuff he was into was way too heavy for me, but I did smoke dope a couple of times with Woody Guthrie’s daughter, who was staying on my floor at the time. Nora and I used to hang out.

At that point, I fell asleep, dreaming about Mongolian religious chanting, which I have never heard. When I awoke I was still languid and drowsy. My covers were more mussed than usual and the notebook had fallen to the floor, pages awry. I got up to use the bathroom but afterwards, instead of getting my cereal and coffee, I got back into bed and picked up the book. 
I was not scheduled to work that day in the bookstore and I had no classes. To tell you the truth, I had not even enrolled in school that semester, although I told Lisa that I was taking classes in computer science. I don’t know why I lied to her. I don’t even know why I hadn’t shown up for registration. Unlike Holly, I didn’t have any talent or ability that ached to escape into the world. Maybe I would get up later and go grocery shopping or check the mail or watch the stories on TV. Not right now, though. I opened the book to the page I had fallen asleep to the night before and began reading again.
I learned that the Albert Hotel was in the heart of Greenwich Village—very hippie, very musical and artistic. Holly was able to get a job playing piano and singing at a fairly jazzy bar several nights a week—mostly torch songs with a little Etta James and Bonnie Koloc thrown in for good measure. She didn’t like the cigarette smoke, but the tips were good. She mentioned that some of the patrons would comment on her black-silk hair and milk-white skin, would tell her that she looked like an American geisha. 
A month passed. Then two. She was meeting more people from the neighborhood and some of them would come to the bar where she worked. They said they came to hear her play, but she suspected that they just came to borrow money. When she told them she had to spend every penny on rent and food, they drifted away and Holly became, by default, more reclusive. 
Then came the accident. It was wintertime and Holly was trying to light the rusty old gas heater in her room when it exploded. Evidently she was not hurt badly and nothing caught fire, but Holly was knocked unconscious and most of her hair was singed off. One of her hands was burned and her throat was raw from inhaling fumes. She had to quit her job. Before she quite recovered, her room was broken into and Holly was attacked sexually and robbed of the spare cash she had kept in one of her dresser drawers. She felt like she had been thrown into a wood shredder and confesses that during the next few weeks she was disoriented; her whole concept of herself in the world had changed. I can never hope to understand it. I hope I never have to understand it.
She had to write her parents for money, but they had never wanted her to quit school in the first place and demanded that she move back to Sarasota. She refused and stopped taking their calls. For a while, she lived on the charity (and the dope) of Nora Guthrie—one of her few remaining friends at The Albert. She had indiscriminate sex with pretty much whoever would ask and kept putting off trying to get a job. Somehow her parents got wind of how confused she was acting and gave her ultimatum: either come home or they would have her committed to an institution until they were satisfied that she was in her right mind.
So she decided to retreat for a while, to leave New York to lick her wounds, get healthy, then go back stronger and more determined. But not to Sarasota—not to her upper-middle-class Jewish neighborhood and all her “uptight” friends. But where else could she go? By some weird chance, she got a letter from Grim Hosford. Evidently —although she doesn’t say so—they had been writing each other every so often. Although they had never been great friends, she remembered him as nonthreatening, and that was what she badly needed at that time. She called him long distance and told him about her mishaps and about her parents. Grim invited her to come to Tallahassee and stay with him until she figured out what to do. She agreed, thinking, “Why the hell not?”

He picked me up at the airport in a 1955 Cadillac El Dorado and drove me to his apartment, which turned out to be just a room in a boarding house near the university. He had two twin beds with a desk between them. The desk, one of the beds, and much of the floor next to the second bed were covered with books. He was reading, like, six books at the same time. He hastily but carefully took the books off the bed and put my little suitcase next to it.
“You ought to open a bookstore,” I told him. It was one of the first things I said to him since I landed.
He looked at me with surprise. “Yeah?”
For dinner, we walked to the university cafeteria where we met his girlfriend, who lived in the dorm nearby. She greeted me with a huge smile, but I could tell she hated me at first glance. She was an aspiring hippie and would probably achieve nothing else in her lifetime. Her name was Karen and she was the leader of a small gaggle of dorm geese, who all joined us at the table. They talked a lot about “narcs” and” heads” and how they were going to hide me from “the man.” Grim looked a little abashed, like maybe he’d been caught whacking off, but everyone put a good face on it and, in fact, they did try to help me. I made it plain that I had no intention of staying in Tallahassee more than a day or two; all I needed was a place to travel where no one would find me. We all sat in that cafeteria for three hours and talked about cheap and interesting cities. Faraway cities. It was decided that I would go to Seattle, which was just about as far away as I could get from Sarasota. I had almost no money, but everyone at the table chipped in for my fare. Anything to get me far away.
On the way back to Grim’s room, I stepped into the road right in front of a speeding car. Karen screamed and her friends let out loud gasps. I would have been thrown fifty feet had Grim not grabbed me around the waist and jerked me back out of harm’s way. It was like he had been expecting me to do something like that. I laughed it off.
It was crowded with all of us in Grim’s small room and the others soon left, but not before I noticed that Karen satisfied herself that the two twin beds had not been pushed together. Well, as for that . . . 

Holly left Tallahassee for Seattle, where she holed up in a hot, slummy hotel with a 300-pound professional wrestler named Ratsnake, making no plans of any kind. 



She called a high school friend and asked for a loan, but the friend let Holly’s location “slip out” to her parents and they sent a detective to find her and bring her back to Florida. They were as good as their word, and they committed her to the seventh floor of Shands Hospital in Gainesville. 
She was there for just over a year. In that time, she began having zipless sex with a 16-year-old drug abuser from the next ward, ranted to the doctors about her parents, and practiced piano in the ward’s parlor. Except for her parents, Holly had only one visitor—Grim Hosford—who evidently hitchhiked, sans girlfriend, from Tallahassee to see how she was doing.
As far as I can tell, that is the last contact she had with Grim for over a decade. When she was released, she headed again to New York, where she met and married a Scientologist. They and their young son moved to California where she divorced the man, renounced Scientology, and opened a boarding house. Holly then spends many harrowing pages describing the harassment she was subjected to by the Scientology community for leaving their enclave. After less than a year, she fled with her son to Atlanta, where she finally settled down, taking courses in typography and design. 

It was at this time that she and Grim began corresponding again, catching up on their lives as it were. There are hints of liaisons between the two of the m, both in Tallahassee and Atlanta, but either Holly did not want to be specific or she had simply forgotten the details of their meetings, which seemed to go on for a couple of years before they stopped completely. How I wish I had the letters they wrote to each other during these years! But in the mid 1980s, the meetings evidently stopped because she never mentioned Grim Hosford again.
In her spare time, Holly played in local bands and started going to a Christian church, where she played organ and piano and began composing sacred music. She started a typesetting business at the very beginning of the high-tech publishing era, and led a very busy life for many years. Just before being diagnosed with Alzheimer’s, she sold her business for far more than she thought it was worth.
I put the book down and noticed that I was still in bed. It was approaching noon and I hadn’t eaten, showered, or done anything at all. I was wondering about Holly. Was she in a vegetating state already, or did she sometimes still have memories of her early days with Grim and Tim Buckley and Ratsnake and the rest? Had the illegal drugs she took in New York or the legal ones in Gainesville contributed to her disease? Is there something about geniuses that makes them use up their brain before they are much past sixty? I had, in the last twenty-four hours, lived through a life of memories, and they were possibly the last memories Holly ever had. And through those memories I also had more than a glimpse of Grim Hosford and I felt I knew him almost as well as I knew Holly—and understood him.
And suddenly I was not thinking about Holly’s story any more. Rather, I was flashing back to stories I had heard about Grim Hosford and about my predecessors at The Paperback Rack. Some had disappeared after colorful escapades, others had written books that we actually carried in the store. I knew that I was the least of these, that in all my life I would probably achieve nothing at all. I will not earn an Emmy Award like Keely or a doctorate like Na’Imah or Jasmine. I’ll never have a big psychology practice like Tracey or have as many children as Little Shannon. But maybe, with luck and hard work and thrift, I can open a small bookstore somewhere, maybe back in Wyoming. A place where I can sit behind a desk for hours at a time, where I can offer things to the world at half price, where I can have a place for people like Holly’s great tawny son to bring things—not only books and tapes, but ideas and difficulties and loves and stories. Where I can, somehow, help.
About the Authors

Helen K. Bailey is a librarian, bookbinder, technophile, and occasional writer. Originally from Florida, she now lives in Vermont, in a crooked old house filled with well-catalogued books and too many iDevices. She has a mostly professional website at www.helenkbailey.com, on which she hopes to someday blog about her library and bookbinding adventures. She was one of the last employees hired by Paperback Rack founder P. V. LeForge and was instrumental in helping the store bridge the gap between old and new owners. 
Teresa Jones went by the name of Terri when she worked at The Paperback Rack in the 90s.  She currently lives in Portland, Oregon. Her novella, Gorge, is available as an e-book at Scribd.com and Amazon.
Jesse Murphree Kemper holds a degree in Creative Writing from Sarah Lawrence College and a Masters in Early Childhood Education from Florida State University. Her work has appeared in The Mississippi Review, Snake Nation Review, and Willow Springs, among others. Currently, she lives in Tallahassee, Florida with her husband, Andrew, where she works as Forensic Interviewer and Case Specialist for the Child Protection Team at the Children's Home Society of Florida. Her several-year tenure at The Paperback Rack was part of the reason that the store enjoyed its Golden Years.
Brigette Kinney was a part-time employee of The Paperback Rack while a student in the Creative Writing program at the Florida State University.  She still hasn't recovered from the shock of being handed the keys to the store on her first day of work at the age of nineteen, and attributes much of her sense of self-worth to that early vote of confidence.  Brigette is now a full-time English teacher, sometime writer, and overtime mother of two astonishing daughters who provide abundant inspiration but precious little free time.  She has a lot of ideas that she hopes to get down on paper one of these days.
P. V. LeForge is kind of a writer-of-all trades, having worked on novels, short stories, poems, plays, and essays. He is married to Sara Warner and lives at Black Bay Farm in the Florida panhandle. When he is not writing or tending to his ten horses, he is involved formatting many of his published books into e-books, all of which are available on the site where you downloaded this collection. He owned The Paperback Rack from 1984 until 2006. It was a good run. His story, “The Last Things We Do,” is from his forthcoming book of stories about his bookstore days.
Nancy H. Rainey found her way to Tallahassee and into the Paperback Rack in the early 80's. A writer of poetry, short stories, and novellas, she is working on finalizing her first novel, Till the Crickets Hush. She wrote & illustrated her first comic book at the age of 8, an autobiography with herself as a superhero of sorts who was swayed by the love of chicken pot pie & mac-n-cheese. Nancy spent years attempting to find greatness by following the dreams of others but is now quite happy knowing greatness is in the eye of the beholder—and being very literally and figuratively nearsighted. Nancy currently works for FSU, plays with her ‘grandkids,’ hikes when the weather permits, and writes love ballads to her constant canine companion, Asrael the Black.
Len Schweitzer is a lyrical fiction writer living in the piney woods of North Florida near Chaires. He enjoys books and movies from the library. Subjects include occultism, shamanism, history, earth and space sciences. He is concluding a novel, Calibanseed—connected character-driven stories placed in Miami, New York, the Caribbean, and Vancouver. Len was also co-founder of The Paperback Rack before moving on to other interests.
Shannon Taylor  Shannon worked at The Paperback Rack for several years, beginning in her teens. She later received BA Degrees from Florida A&M University in Business Education and Office Administration, and currently works for Habitat for Humanity. She lives with her four children in Tallahassee, Florida.
Stephanie Tillman  Stephanie was also part of the store’s Golden Years, and helped to make them so. She currently embroiders in London. Check out her work at http://www.sbtillman.com.
Sara Warner. By day she works for the state of Florida; on afternoons and weekends she rides and teaches dressage. In her spare time (where does she get any?) she writes poems, novels, and articles for equine publications. Her book Down to the Waterline is the definitive study of Florida water boundaries, and her novel Still Waters is available wherever excellent e-books are sold. When she married Paperback Rack founder P. V. LeForge in 2003, she became part owner of the store and was active in its management and its revitalization.



This is the Second Printing of this e-book
July 20, 2012
