A DARKER SHADE OF BRIGHT
Merlin Douglas Larsen
A Darker Shade of Bright
Merlin Douglas Larsen
Copyright © 2013 Merlin Douglas Larsen
Published by Merlin Douglas Larsen at Smashwords
All characters herein are fictitious and not intended to portray anyone alive or dead.
To obtain any commercial gain from this work is prohibited by the author without prior consent.
The author can be contacted at douglarsen50@msn.com
Table of Contents:
A DARKER SHADE OF BRIGHT
THE LAST SHALL BE FIRST
THE SAGA OF VISIONS
Eclipse of Apocalypse
Give, Said The Little Stream
Landfill
Stories About a Missing Arm
Golf
The Good Friend
Changing the Rules
Shutting Down
State of Grace
A Real Dream
The Death of a House
Out of the Gene Pool
State of Grace Two
The Offer
The Relics Monger
Three Fatal Delays on the 78th Floor
Love-Hate
Rameslie
Rock Daemon
The Perfect Joke
State of Grace Three
SOMETHING ABOUT YOU
THE FIRST SHALL BE LAST
RESET
Other books by Merlin Douglas Larsen
I could spend my whole life writing the visions and churn out thousands of pages – and it would only be the fragment of a beginning of the telling of what we are and what we do…
– Gilford Clover
A DARKER SHADE OF BRIGHT
In the Void only two objects existed: the Universe, so far away that it was reduced to the merest pin-prick of Light, and this body of a naked man: eyes half open yet not seeing, head thrown back, mouth slightly open yet not breathing, arms out-flung almost in a cross shape, knees slightly bent, touching, with ankles apart. The mote of Light, incalculably far away, limned the edges of the body as it rotated slowly backward and even more slowly in a barrel roll to the left. But nothing of this physical state had been noted by the brain for passing eons of mortal time because the body was as nothing: only tumbling, jumbling thoughts were real.
Your body was in this self-induced suspended animation but your mind could not shut down. The numberless names you owned, the numberless things seen, done and said, all lay coiled inside your skull like a cosmic pile of noodles. No thought emerged to dominate. There was no purpose, no imperative to separate anything for special attention.
How long?
The question was as meaningless as the Void itself. How long? It was an immeasurable concept. Your head was filled with a myriad ways of measuring time. But none of that related to how long this self-imposed exile and protest continued.
And here you would remain indefinitely until Existence itself ended, ending you. No one would come out to you. No one had so far, and there appeared to be no reason to expect otherwise. Even if someone did find you, what could be said to call you back? There was nothing left to do, nothing remaining to BE: nothing unseen, undone, unsaid, because you had been, seen, done and said everything, numberless times.
So you slowly twirled and spun with your chaotic memories. And as they fired and exchanged places in your sub consciousness, the Universe, that singular speck of Light that you no longer heeded, shimmered like a priceless jewel, impossibly brilliant as it was miniscule.
And there Existence continued as always. Your absence was no longer noted. So you assumed…
ONE
The World began this way: First One came there, alone, and saw the beginning where the Home was made and waiting.
Later suns would not be so grand, either in size or colors, for it burns with the entire spectrum of color that defines the World, and all those myriads of hues shimmer at the edges and roar in the heart of the first Sun.
And the planets circling the Home Sun are enormous and numerous in their many thousands, varied, and extending outward an intense distance. That single solar system is vaster in circumference than a galaxy. Yet in the beginning there was only the first Sun, and its planets and moons of fire and ice and life, waiting for the first Child to come and see.
First One emerged from the Sun and bent his way toward the Home planet, about midway in the array of orbiting spheres, the largest of them all, wrapped in clouds and beneath them vast oceans dotted with islands like brush strokes. Continental masses almost divide from each other, but not quite, for land bridges, isthmuses, join the whole of them together, forming large inland seas. Every form of life thrives there, in the waters and on the land and in the air above. Enormous trees stand like silent sentinels, their upper expanses wreathed in cloud. Below, lesser foliage spreads across the land in profusion, separated by plain and tundra and steppe, each open expanse teeming with various living things all intermingled in harmony.
To this Home came First One. In her mind was the voice of the Father, giving dominion and stewardship.
TWO
Not long after First One took possession of the Home he could tell she was no longer alone in the World. The First Generation of Siblings had come after himself in a simultaneous profusion.
Some were sleeping in the Sun or at its edges. Others were curled in sleep in the depths of space between the worlds, and others yet lay supine or prone upon the surfaces, or deep within the bowels, of those many spheres. Many more Children were slumbering scattered over the surface of the Home planet itself.
The Father awoke them with a word. And where each Sibling opened their eyes, that which they first saw they loved most above all later things.
First One went to the meeting place and called each Sibling to gather there. The meeting place is a vast, river-fed plain dotted with broad trees that spread wider than they are tall, providing shade between two towering snow-capped ranges of black-green clad mountains running from north to south.  She waited there a long time, watching each Brother and Sister as they found their way thither. The last Children to come were from the Sun.
THREE
To awake, with no dreams yet to fill the timeless sleeping. To see and hear and feel the cauldron of the Sun’s heart all around you, like a loving embrace flashing with colors in their million-million hues!
Then to see the woman, a Sister of the Sun as you are a Brother; and her eyes opened just a heartbeat later than yours. You saw wonder drive the sleep from the depths of those matchless orbs that reflected back the colors of the Sun’s living fire. Then her eyes lifted a little higher, sensing your shape above herself and to one side, and your eyes met for the first time. Perhaps an age passed as you wordlessly sought some message in the first eyes. She smiled. And you realized that you were already smiling with pure delight and a deep mystery, and she was mirroring your expression.
 Later, after the first joining, as naturally as drawing breath (from the very ether of the Sun’s spontaneous explosion), you wandered about testing the limits of your first conscious placement in the World: hand touching hand, caressing light-limned curves of fingers and limbs; running finger tips along brow, cheek, then up and down neck, delicious spine, rump, flank and loins: now all unconscious of the touching yet drawing sustenance from it like feasting.
No words yet had been spoken.
Joined together you reached the edges of the Sun and saw the black Void beyond, and suspended seemingly not far away the nearest planet, a blazing ball of reflected light and its own molten fire. And beyond it many bright lights of varying sizes and colors: the other planets of the inner solar system. One dominated them for beauty: the Home planet, but at first you did not know that.
In wonder you both laughed again at this latest prodigy of Existence. There was an entire Universe beyond the sun, after all: how big or of what makeup remained to be discovered. For now just knowing was enough. You turned inward again, back to the already familiar and loved fire.
There were The Others – more Siblings – and most were joined like the two of you. But some were alone and seemed to prefer that.
Together everyone formed a loose community of sorts. But within the continual roaring of the Sun’s heart and the solar winds generated from it you maintained almost constant silence.
Mostly the Siblings of the Sun remained apart, aware of the nearness of The Others, but content to gaze and ponder thoughtlessly for a delicious age of almost vacuous innocence, joining and rejoining with the first Loved One seen at the moment of Awakening.
An Age passed without measured span.
Then the Voice of First One came to each of you, calling you out to the Home planet, to the meeting place. You could remain or come, the choice was yours.
At first only a few answered the call of First One to gather to the Meeting Place. But more Siblings of the Sun departed until you were quite sure that only the two of you were left.
She called you by many names, trying them each to feel their timbre and color, before moving on to another. You offered no names for yourself, being content with each one that Nova created. She could not choose one above the others, and had not, before you both decided to follow the other Siblings of the Sun.
The last name she gave you, as you both arced like blazing bolts out of the Sun’s heart across the blackness of the Void, was Harvey. It was the first nonsensical name that she called you by, and Nova laughed as she said it, repeating it as your paths crossed and crossed again while you cut your pair of ways swiftly to the Home planet. You half-pretended annoyance at her choice of a favorite name – after all the grand sounding ones that she had created to describe her favorite observations about you. And the pseudo annoyance gave birth to the first game you both played: Harvey in pursuit, Nova laughing musically and slicing about in ever more complex changes of direction to avoid you. Her laughter resembled the higher pitch of the Sun’s voice, only in delightful bursts.
Of all the voices from the Sun Nova’s was the best: full-bodied and of a mid-range, almost low enough to be a man’s voice. In anger (which you would not experience for a while yet) hers was as terrible as the Sun’s voice turned cold.
FOUR
To awaken in the Void! The first thing she saw as she opened her eyes was contrast. Half of her vision was utterly blank, the abyss of empty space, and the other half was sprinkled with shining pin-prick planets and the tiny sun dominating in their midst. It was odd, that first vision, because it seemed quickened, such that the orbits of the thousands upon thousands of planets were animated, as if from where she watched the whole World was displaying itself in a complex, circling dance for her amusement.
The outermost planet was swinging by below her for the third time when she moved herself effortlessly to intercept it. Swiftly the crescent of the sunlit side enfolded her descending face in a vast embrace.
The fringes of the outer atmosphere brushed over her speeding body. Clouds of some blackish-green gas tore at her hair and crushed her breasts. She let the pressure build on her eyes until it hurt. The screaming gas in her ears tore her mouth open and filled her cheeks. Her chin was forced down and the densifying atmosphere entered her throat and pressed toward her lungs. Before slowing her plummet toward the planet’s surface, she inhaled the thick gas till her body felt liquefied with its ichorous permeation. Then she exhaled it all back out into the atmosphere as she pivoted and allowed her feet to draw near the first land that she saw below.
She angled her direction in order to miss the eminence of a low ridge, opting rather to drop into an inky crevasse that glowed far down within from some kind of volcanic light. The heat was intense and she felt it until that hurt. Her feet entered a pool of ichor that burned a dark and lurid green with tinges of every shade of blue to black luminescence. And there she stopped moving down and walked upon the surface of the roiling liquid rock and gasses.
She walked about underground slowly, eyes closing to the symphony of rending, seething liquid rock and turgid air. It was the first Music.
She burst upward through another vent and soared screaming through the black-green clouds. Leaving the volcanism far behind, her mouth was opened wide and from it burst the song of Fire.
Working her way in toward the sun, she visited each planet one by one. And each had its own music to add to the growing symphony of the New World. Replicating it with her body became impossible. Only the various parts could be sung one at a time. In her head the total cacophony of harmonious intermingling went on, but from her mouth she must choose which part to sing.
Frustration grew as the number of visited spheres increased. The bigger the symphony, the more an intensity built inside of her. It was pain growing, and yet she could not stop. Planet after planet with their moons, she dropped down, went inside and soared about in their atmospheres: or heard the play of solar winds subtly stirring dust against the rocks on airless spheres.
She did not count them. But the parts to the Music were each significant, like a roster of the names of children in her mind. They were all variations on the song of Fire, and of Ice, of Wind, and of nuances to the Void itself as it closely surrounded each planet and moon.
Working her way in toward the sun, she visited each planet and moon. The Music became increasingly complex and she could not express it except one voice at a time. Her impotence to give full expression to the symphony of the spheres was intolerable.
Other children she met in her journey and they greeted her but she did not respond, but rather became reluctant to suffer their distractions of her quest for more parts, more variations, to the symphony.
And finally she heard First One’s voice calling her to the Home planet, to the Meeting Place. That voice, alone of all the voices of the Children that she had so far heard, added a timbre and meter to the Music that vibrated throughout her whole being. With a grin almost feral in its hunger, she turned away from the next sphere that she had been approaching and hastened toward the blue grandeur of the Home planet.
FIVE
He was on his back in snow and beneath the snow was a thick layer of ice. As his eyes opened he saw racing clouds tinged with the last rays of a sunset. The winds stung his naked flesh like enticing finger nails tracing every muscle. An unconscious smile animated his face.
Darkness took the fire from the clouds and they became ebon curtains folding and unfolding the other planets glowing in the night sky. He did not move yet but took in all details from his limited, supine vantage point. Morning came and the clouds had blown away during the night except for lingering wisps. The sun burned these away and filled his sky with color and shades innumerable. The front of his body where it stood out from the snow was warmed until he felt half-and-half frozen and baked.
When a full day had passed and the sunset come again, he finally stirred and sat up. Looking around himself he saw a mountaintop surrounded by an ocean of dense clouds. Other mountains in the distance thrust through the clouds that lapped their snow and ice covered heads. But none of them were as close to the sky as his mountain.
He watched the sunset. The clouds below were swallowed slowly in shadow, then the other peaks, and finally only his mountain top was bathed in the warm amber light, then only his loins and upper body. Finally the last sliver of the sun’s ruddy edge penetrated his eyes and slipped away. Pale blue, almost-white rays fanned up from beyond the horizon and slowly dimmed, shortened and then faded to nothing. A dying glow pressed down until only his imagination could supply a faint grey radiance where the sun had vanished. The sky became the blackest jet pierced with the planets in all their varieties of size and color.
He stood again the next night, pacing about on his mountaintop, noting all the heavenly bodies as they wheeled by over his uplifted face. He was already artlessly naming them.
This went on for a space of time. Then one morning he abruptly decided to turn his attention to the rest of the earth that he stood upon.  There was no thought of taking to the air. Instead, he looked for a way to climb down using his body. Gravity tugged at him every moment as he clung to crag and inserted toes and instep into every possible purchase on the cliff’s face. And he made his way down through the layer of clouds until at last he was beneath them. The air below was dim, almost dark, and as he continued to descend the going got easier and the air less cold.
By the time he arrived at the first line of trees he was no longer climbing down but instead was leaping from rock to rock and then to earth and was running like a god down the face of the mountain, through the trees, weaving between them, singing a wordless hymn of joy.
The journey went on through mountains on either hand and spanning days and nights, passing over streams and around lakes where living things gazed upon him as he passed, some taking to the air to swoop nearer for a better look at this man. When they gave voice in their own tongue he took it for a greeting and answered back.
The clouds settled lower and a fine mist turned his body silvery. Then the cloud cover broke up and he was moving through hills alive with streams and lakes amidst grassy shores.
And along those shores he saw where The Others were gathering. It was night when he first saw The Children like himself. A group of men and women were standing and sitting mostly close together, though some were farther away and solitary.
He drew near and The Others made a ring of their number, admitting him, and then they all sat on the grass.
He introduced himself to them.  “I am Climber”.
“I am Eve. You have an interesting name. Who gave it to you”? The woman who said this was with a man who looked almost exactly alike. Climber sensed that they were important because the others looked their way before and after speaking.
“No one gave my name. I chose it myself.”
“You really should let us choose a name for you, after a while, when we learn what is appropriate,” the important woman said.
“Why”? Climber asked.
“Anyone could choose any name for himself,” Eve explained. “It would not necessarily mean anything about them. If we decide on a name it will mean something about you.”
“The best thing about you,” added another woman.
“It will be the best name, but a name should be something we decide is best, which is not necessarily the same thing as the best thing about you” corrected Eve, the important woman.
Those seated in the circle nodded. Climber noticed some of The Others nearby moving off looking up at the light studded sky.
“My name is Climber.” There was no uncertainty in his statement.
“We can tell that the name is important to you,” said Eve.  “Tell us why.”
Climber told of how he had awakened on the highest mountain alone and climbed down.
“How odd,” said Eve with a small frown creasing her lovely, dark brow. “Why did you take so much time and difficulty? Why not just descend like anyone normally would”?
“I felt like doing it that way,” Climber said.
“I would give someone the name Climber,” said Eve, “who had ascended, not someone who had come down. It is more specific. We could call you Descender, for now, I suppose – until you demonstrate a more appropriate name.”
Climber felt something resentful but could not give it a name. He answered: “You do not know about climbing down from the highest mountain, if you believe that it is all descending. I tell you, it is done by going back up to find another way down that works”.
He said no more but looked down and let his fingers braid stalks of grass.
Eve sensed the new-comer bristling in silence. She decided to lighten the atmosphere by an explanation.
“I am Eve,” she said again, “and my name was given to me by my man, Cane. We awoke together beside the canebrake, and it was evening. I named my man Cane. The Others came to us over the days and nights that have followed. First One called and we remain here.” Eve turned to the woman at her other side. “Tell Descender your name and how you came by it.”
“I am called River,” River said, “because I awoke in the river.”
“And now you,” Eve nodded to a man across the ring of Children seated on the grass.
“My name is Merry,” Merry said. “I too was awakened in the river. But River already had that name when I got here. Eve decided that since I make people smile and laugh I should be called Merry instead.”
“Do you see how it works now”? Eve asked Climber.
“I see how you do this. But I do not see why it is necessary to do it only this way. Why can you not have two Rivers, if both want to be called River”?
“That would become confusing and disorderly,” said Eve.
“Why are these wrong?” asked Climber.
“I did not say that they are wrong,” said Eve. “But they are not as good as order and clarity. Surely, we should do the best, even in small matters like not having people about with the same name.”
“I do not see any trouble caused by having more than one of us with the same name,” said Climber.
“Perhaps you would prefer a different name than Descender,” Eve said.
“Climber, will please me,” he said. “You can call me by another, but I will not answer.”
Eve frowned. “Your feelings are not helpful in this matter. You cause needless trouble.”
Climber said nothing. He looked around the ring of faces and saw agreement with what Eve had said. He also saw some who looked down or away and would not meet his eyes.
He sighed and got to his feet then. The others watched him. He took the braid of grasses and bent it into a circlet and tied it. Then he stepped toward the ring. “Let me pass if you please. I am going.”
The woman, River, jumped up and made room for him, smiling at his smile. Climber set the circlet of braided grasses on her head and walked off into the night without a word or backward look.
SIX
Climber left the valley of named Children. He knew that he would encounter Eve and her ways if he stayed. Yet he knew that this place was where they all were supposed to be. They were waiting for something from First One, but no one knew yet what it might be. 
As Climber moved away up the valley he mingled with other Children in passing. First One was mentioned but no one Climber talked with or listened to had seen him. First One’s existence was not questioned. Knowledge of her was empirical with each Child of the first generation. But with no one having met First One it could not be said for certain what gender he, or she, might be. Some Children preferred to identify with one some with the other.
Climber went toward the west snow-capped mountains opposite the mountain range he had come down from. After a day of walking through the plains and passing more Children he arrived at the forest at the feet of the mountains and entered into the shade and sun-dappled shrubbery beneath the arching branches. Few Children were there. He passed some wandering in reveries. And some were joined and did not seem to notice his passing close by.
Climber lived up to his assumed name for himself. He kept going up until at length he had physically conquered the highest peak, a twin of his birth place in the range of mountains that he could now see far off to the east. His peak where he had awakened to the World was too far away to make out for certain. But he fancied that he was accurate in his guess as to which one it was.
Then he turned away from the morning sun and faced west and the vista of peaks and ridges to the horizon. And he saw the woman. She was slightly below his lookout point, perched as he was atop the highest wind-swept crag where it thrust up from the drifts of snow. She was lying supine, her four limbs widespread to form an X in the snow. Her skin glowed in the shade of the peak Climber clung to, down there in the otherwise pristine expanse of snowpack. The color of her skin gleamed like a low flame in comparison to the cold bed. The woman’s eyes were closed in a face tensed by some kind of concentration or conflict. Otherwise, she did not move a muscle and could be in a trance.
Climber did not breathe or move but only stared down at the apparition. She must be a Child too, a Sibling, but she seemed almost alien somehow.
There was no path through the snow to mark her arrival, so she must have ascended in the usual manner. (He thought of Eve’s priggish judgment of his name and frowned at the memory.) Climber determined to wait until the woman ended her vigil, or meditation or pilgrimage or prayer, whatever it was she was engaged in below. He would be doing something rude and possibly wrong to interrupt it.
Day passed, the sun set in the west and nightfall came and he clung still to his peak and his own vigil. He watched for any signs of change in the snow-enfolded woman, and alternately he studied The Three Moons.
In the intervening days, since his awakening, The Three Moons had manifested. The small moon seemed about the size of a large round grape held at arm’s length, and the other two moons were twice, and at least twice again, the size of the smallest. Their colors were the reverse of their size relationship, with the largest moon being sultry ochre, the middle moon being cheerful yellow and the smallest moon shining white like the snow-capped mountains around Climber’s perch.
Tonight, The Three were almost full and high overhead after sunset. They seemed suspended in a complex dance, for the two smaller moons orbited the largest one, and the smallest moon orbited in its turn the middle moon. Each night since their appearance Climber had watched them slowly changing position, and it seemed that the smallest would soon vanish, and reappear again from behind the middle moon, even as they passed in front of the massive largest moon. It was quite a display.
Down in the valley of named Children, the Siblings had discussed the phenomenon of The Three Moons, and various names had been offered for each of them. Climber preferred to call them The Three Watchers, and had begun to invent a story to explain how and why they danced. In his fancy, the smallest moon was the brilliant Child of the other two. But he hadn’t decided if the hiding of the Child was the Mother protecting her offspring, or a jealousy manifesting because “his” brilliance out-shown that of his parents.
The concepts of hiding and jealousy, or even yet of “Mother and Father”, were nebulous and had no real World components for illustration. Climber was in fact manifesting some of the earliest imaginative traits of his species but did not recognize the evolution of his thoughts.
The woman did not stir all that night. But at dawn she opened her eyes. And saw him almost at once. Her frown deepened for a long moment and was replaced with something like puzzlement. She sat up quickly then. The snow where she had been lying was unmelted as if her body held no heat. Climber sensed an alien manifestation in her more than ever now.
She stood then and leaned slightly forward as she met his eyes intensely. More than the glow of her amber skin her eyes contained a banked fire in their depths. Her wide staring eyes were green. He said nothing and felt transfixed, as incapable of movement as the very rock to which he clung.
Without a word the woman seemed to have made up her mind about him and her face closed, the enquiry finished in silence. The tense fix to her brow remained. She dropped her eyes and looked around at the sun-painted peaks and snow fields. Far below the crevasses and narrow valleys were yet shrouded in deep indigo shadows.
She turned directly away from him then and he could tell she was going to rise and vanish. A huge reluctance overwhelmed his silence.
“Wait!” he called and threw out an arm and spread fingers. Her whole body froze at the sound of his voice. “Wait! Don’t go yet! I am Climber and I have found you here on a mountaintop like unto the one where I awoke to the World. Are you not a Sister? From whence do you come?”
As he had spoken the woman untensed and turned and now faced him fully again. In the place of puzzlement he now saw something like pleasure spreading over her features.
“Climber?”
“Yes!”
“Climber, how do you know the song of Ice?”
In a heartbeat she was through the air and stood at his side. The sunlight bathed her golden flesh in a brighter glow than Climber had yet seen on any Child of the World.
“How do you know the song of Ice?” she repeated.
“What are you talking about?” he said.
“When you speak, you are making the song of Ice with every word.” She smiled and her face still asked the question.
“I was on a mountain much as this when I awoke to the World,” Climber said. “I was sleeping in the snow and when I opened my eyes I saw the sky and clouds and I stayed there an entire day before rising to my feet. I am drawn back to the snowed-covered mountains and they will always be my first Home. For a time I was in the valley where the other Children are gathering. But I tired of the thronging voices. And some few are not agreeable. So I came up here for solace. I thought that maybe I might meet First One here. In his stead, I find you.”
As he had spoken her eyes had closed and a very slight smile animated her face and she angled her head listening. When his voice stopped, her eyes opened only a little. “Don’t stop speaking, Climber,” she said. “It is like a part of the Music. It is as though you are singing the song of Ice.”
“What do you want me to say?” he laughed.
“Anything, just keep talking to me!” Her eyes closed and her hands sought his, touching his belly first, then her fingers sliding across to his arms and down to his hands. She brought them unresisting up and together, enfolding his hands within hers. She stepped close and held his hands bound in hers between her breasts. “Talk to me!” she repeated.
“Alright, if it pleases you.”
“Yes! Yes! It does. You do please me, more than anyone I have met. Your voice is like First One’s.”
He felt a tremor of excitement course over his whole body at her words. He didn’t understand them but he believed in the meaning of something behind her words. This woman knew things!
As he spoke of the story of The Three Watchers, making up many details as he went along that first time in the telling of it, Climber’s mind was partly distracted by the woman’s alien body: how it gave off no heat yet was not cold and withal was alive to his touch.
He had not arrived at an end to the tale, when she abruptly broke into singing.
He stopped speaking at the wondrous shock of that voice. It flowed over him like a fire and yet contained something of the depths of the Void in it. Climber had not experienced the Void so did not at that time identify what that quality was, but it thrilled him. The fire in her voice he partly understood, for fire, in all its variations, is always fire. But the Void between the flames awed him and made him a little afraid too.
Her singing did not last long. She looked into his eyes as she ceased, and she said: “That was the first song of Fire. It is the first of all the songs I have learned, and I know many songs! Here is another, it is different.”
She sang another song of Fire, only this one had different tones and hues woven in it. Climber was transfixed anew. An age could go by while the two of them stood together wrapped in her singing and he would not know the passage of time.
By then he wanted very much to join with this woman. She seemed unaware of his body’s intentions. He was perplexed, frustrated and thoroughly enmeshed by then. The concept of escape did not even enter his head.
“And here is a song of Ice. But not quite the same as you sing it,” she said, breaking at once into another avalanche of sound. The surface of the snow around them quivered.
He joined his voice to hers with a song much like the one he had sung as he came down through the forests from his mountain many days before. And while he sang, her eyes opened in wonder and she put her mouth to his but not closing over it, and together they sang for a long time. In the midst of that blending of song – only two parts, really, of the symphony of the spheres – their bodies joined as well. He breathed into her as he sang, and she into him; and she felt a coldness to soothe her heat, while Climber felt fire course over and through his entire nervous system.
Afterward, she said: “Your name is Ice, just Ice, without variation, Ice in purity, the Ice that holds Life! I am Fire, the purest Fire. The Fire that kindles Ice into giving forth its Life! In me your Life will give birth to more Life yet!”
“I don’t understand!” he cried.
“Neither do I!” she laughed. The sound made the snow around their peak avalanche down to the lower slopes. “This I do understand: I came here to the Home planet at the call of First One. I came seeking answer to my pain. And I was found by you! You came seeking First One and found me! It is First One as you and First One as me that have become one on this mountain. Between Fire and Ice lies the rest of the World!”
Her words frightened him in a nameless way, yet he was caught.
“I am the purest living FIRE!” she cried out, laughing. But she spoke presumptuously, not having as yet visited the sun.
SEVEN
Fire tried to teach Ice other parts of the Music, but it was beyond him. He only knew one part. He could see her mounting frustration and it was at first directed at him.
“Sister,” he said reasonably, “it isn’t my fault. I don’t even know how I know the part you call Ice. No matter how I talk or sing it comes out as one way to you.  This is a mystery.”
She smiled a little then. But it wasn’t enough to erase the irritation that marred her golden brow. She thought for a while then she said:
“Perhaps I have been mistaken. I had thought that The Children I have passed by knew nothing. Perhaps among them there are others who know more songs to make the Music. Maybe there are even others who know the variations!”
She stood up then and looked east toward the valley of named Children. Before Ice knew what Fire was about, she was soaring away and starting down to the purple distance with its meandering rivers shining like ribbons of quicksilver.
He stood nonplussed and then turned and started to climb down after her. “Come on!” Fire called back. She was circling far off. Her form was small but the impatience in her voice was not. Climber hesitated. Ice argued within his head. And although Climber felt betrayed into doing this hasty and pointless thing, Ice won out and took to the air after his woman. Fire circled once more to make sure he was following then laughed and put on speed for the valley far below. Ice raced after her but could not close the distance between them before Fire arrived over the valley and set her feet on the grass. She was striding toward a group of The Children, enjoying the shade of a massive tree, as Ice landed and walked beside her to where The Others were gathered together.
Without hesitation, Fire said: “I am Fire.” She began singing at once. The Children all watched and listened, fascinated with the prodigy that had interrupted their pleasant talk. Fire beckoned to Ice and he added the song of Ice to the Music.
After they were through, Fire said: “Do any of you know the part he was singing? It has a name…”
The Children looked around at each other. Some laughed and there was much shaking of heads. “He sounded, cold,” said a woman hesitantly.
Fire looked upon the woman intently, smiling. “Yes! His name is Ice. He knows the song of Ice. Between us two lies the whole remaining Music, the symphony of the spheres.”
“I awoke to the World of cold waters coming from the snow,” said the woman who had spoken. “The song of Ice sounds somewhat like the song I know.” She sang it briefly and Fire laughed with delight.
“A song of rushing rivers on the Home, it fits!” she exulted. “Yet this is only one river song. There are almost countless others,” she explained rapidly. “I know that there are many others I have not as yet heard. Does anyone know of the other songs that lie between Fire and Ice?”
“I know a song as well,” said a man with fiery ochre hair.
“I have heard this part also,” Fire said at once. “It is a variation of the song of The Moons.”
“How can you know that?” the man asked. “I haven’t sung any of it yet.”
“She hears the music you know when you speak,” said Ice.
“It is the song of Ayah,” Fire said, “the largest moon of this, the Home planet. I have been there on my way here.”
“Hear the song of Ayah,” said the ochre-haired man. And he began to sing. Then Fire and Ice blended their voices to his and they sang together. As they harmonized, Fire seemed transported. She sang with her eyes closed and her face open and uplifted slightly.
After a while, another woman and a man holding hands with her came running up to the group under the tree and at once began singing as well. Fire opened her eyes only enough to welcome them with a smile. Then she closed her eyes again. It happened many times as more Children heard the swelling Music and came to investigate the wonder of it. Some who came joined the Music with songs of their own. Most just sat or stood all around listening.
The sun went down behind the western mountains and the moons rose together soon after that. Now there were many voices from the World all blended into the mounting hymn. The singers and listeners were transfixed and time stopped for them all. When the sun rose the next day they did not stop or move much if at all. And continually more Children up and down the extent of the Valley, the Meeting Place, heard of the communion occurring and went to where the gathering was.
Days passed and still the Music grew. It built and swelled until all the Children in the valley were gathered, a mighty throng of them seemingly without number. By that point the symphony of the spheres was almost complete, and Fire guided them all into one last reprise.
Contained inside the Music was the tale of the World, of its making, of its purpose. Singers and listeners together saw and heard First One in the tale of the World.
First One said: “The Father has shown me everything done by the Father.
“This World has its beginning and it will have an end, but there will always be a New World born before the Old World passes away.
“There are other worlds without number to the Children of the worlds, but they are numbered by the Father (Who, being All, sees all, both beginning and end of the worlds’ existence).
“Father and I are One.
“And each of you began as One with the Father and with each other.
“Yet this has already begun to change as each of you exercises the Father’s gift of free will.
“You may comprehend that everything must be seen as it truly is.
“Without seeing truth you will not understand Joy. And to understand, you must experience opposition.
“Now you have this Home, this whole World as yours, forever. But you will only stay so long as Home gives you Joy.
“When you leave Home it will be to search for the Joy you do not have anymore.
“And when you understand Joy again, then I will show your way Home.”
Seasons had passed in the interim since the beginning of the symphony and the moment when Fire at last allowed herself to let it have an end.
EIGHT
The Children of the First Generation awoke from their communion with First One. Many were confused and afraid for the first time, but, most assuredly, not for the last.
Some there were who immediately called to Fire to resume the Music. But she was confounded by a rising tide of conflicting impressions. She wanted to do as bidden, but First One was not in the Music anymore, and she could tell without expressing this that were she to sing, and The Others to accompany her, the Music would not draw them together as it had done. It would not work in the same way. Fire needed to think about this. She needed to understand something before she would sing again with anyone else but Ice.
Without saying anything, Fire went away with Ice. She simply took his left hand in her right and they two ascended above the valley of named Children and went back to where they had first met. Those that followed them turned back when she called out forcefully:  “Do not follow us! I must talk with Ice alone. We will come back later.”
NINE
You remember clearly what happened after the communion with First One ended. And it is painful to remember, because something began to change inside of you. You began to be discontent. But you did not know that, once begun, this discontent would last and grow. You did not know, because you had not learned.
The Music guided by the mysterious woman who called herself Fire, it had enfolded your whole being like reality. It was as if you had sight to take in the whole World all at once, from the Sun where you awoke to the World, to the most distant planet of green and blue fires, across the thousands of spheres between.
More than this, you saw your Siblings of the First Generation, how they had each awakened to the World in their myriad places within it, and how they had each come along their paths at First One’s beckoning call, to the Meeting Place. And now you knew each of them by name.
All of The Children who came from the Sun knew these things, now. All Siblings from the sun had participated in the Music. Because of that, and because First One had also awoken in the sun, you felt superior in the select place of your birth, and in the fulsome knowledge of all of The Children that this seemed to grant you. This knowledge also worked a subtle change in you which led to exile. 
When the Music stopped and First One was gone, it seemed like a second awakening, but almost to darkness. You looked around at The Others, also awaking, and some had been standing, some sitting or lying on the grass, or leaning back against trees or against each other or embracing. The moment of the ending of the Music was at first as if most of the World had suddenly stopped being. That felt terrible! And you called out to the woman Fire to sing again. But she fled instead and would have become angry if you had kept following her.
Some days passed and The Children wandered but not far away. You were all waiting for the return of Fire to the valley alongside the rivers. There was much talking and singing. And the songs were good to hear but they were not the whole Music. The symphony of the spheres was missing. The songs could only recall pieces of it.
Everyone wanted Fire and Ice to return so that the mysterious communion could resume. There were those who expressed a desire to sing forever as we had done together for many moons. It had been a timeless place of pure sight and Joy, and returning to it was more desired than anything else. Everyone talked about that. Singing the songs tried to recreate it, but that was vain.
Nova spent the days since the communion talking to the other singers and organizing many of them together. She did her best to mimic Fire’s command of the symphony of the spheres. And you wondered why she was so intent on learning what she did not know. This was not her gift and it troubled you to see your woman behaving so.
Irony and perversity were unknown concepts then. Now you understand fully what Nova was about. She was trying to make herself into Fire so that you would not go away from her. For all her singular brightness and Joy in your love, Nova could not any longer hold your eyes. You did not see this but she did.  She saw the change in you at once when the Music had ended. And now she was doing her best to learn to be like Fire, to learn the whole symphony of the spheres from The Others, one part at a time, for you.
Nova saw that your heart had been turned away. But she did not in her innocence see that the fault was in no way hers. So she tried to be other – more – than she was. She tried to please you. It is no wonder that she wanted to turn your fault into something good, to be able to give more to you than she already did. That was the irony and the perversity: that Fire, from the Void and her puny outer planet of green and blue flaming gases, could eclipse a matchless woman from the heart of the Sun itself. It was not really so. But you believed it.
At length your patience was done. You went in search of Fire alone, even while Nova organized The Others who assembled themselves beside the tree and harmonized what they could into a mere shadow of the fulsome Music. It was almost like a torture, this disappointment you felt at hearing it. And while they were at it, doing their best, you went to the western mountains.
The searching there was vain. Fire was not anywhere that you could think of. The hunger for Fire’s voice drove you. The silence itself was like an incessant call. You crossed the valley far overhead and heard the incomplete, the broken, Music coming from below. As if born on the air it followed your aerial path long after it should have faded to nothing.
An image of Nova at the center of it entered your mind. And something twisted inside of you, something wrong. For the first time, and most assuredly not the last, you blamed another for that wrongness. You blamed Nova for the wrong that you felt. Because she was trying to be what you wanted, that was all.
But what you wanted was not given for you. And the beginning of the first lesson in understanding Joy is, to comprehend that the whole World may be claimed, but not all of it by one. Everything, everyone, is meant to fit into the plan of Joy. And the secret to Joy is to know what is given, what is yours to have and to become.
Since you did not understand any of that, yet, your searching took you to the mountains to the east. And of course, Fire was not there. Everyone you chanced to meet you asked if they had any word about where she might have gone. Some of them looked at you strangely, and all said that they knew nothing.
Back in the valley of named Children, there was gossip spreading about the frantic search for Fire and Ice and of how they had disappeared. And any number of explanations was put forward. Nova heard others talking about a man who was searching all the mountains and regions round about. Someone told her that they had seen you asking where Fire and Ice had gone. And so Nova went in search of you. She followed your path until it grew cold. You had left the Home planet long before then.
You searched the entire World, starting with the sun’s heart and working your way outward, sphere by sphere and the Void between. Fire seemed to have vanished from the World entirely. All the Children you met gave back the same response to your query: no one had seen her anywhere. 
“Nova is enquiring after you.” A number of your Siblings said this. Others would have said as much, you could tell by their faces. They did not speak of their thoughts, but instead left you quickly. They could see a change in you like unto the ending of the symphony of the spheres. The longer you pursued Fire, and fled from Nova, the darker your countenance became.
Each sphere yielded nothing, until you came finally to the outermost planet. It was the silence which alerted you. In your memory of the symphony of the spheres this planet was one with Fire and its song matched her exactly. Now as you came there it was soundless – it gave back no such song. The vitality of the volcanic fires and erupting gasses were wild and altered to a different noise that did not match with the symphony of the spheres. This hellish sounding spoke of something dark, more empty somehow than the pure Void. Your mind did not comprehend it, but something about your body was already drawn to a likeness in this alien cacophony. And, descending to the planet’s surface, you felt an assurance that your search for Fire was done. She was there.
Now every smoking sea, lake and river, every blasted plain, ridge and summit, every valley, crevasse and vent, must be searched for the woman who had led all of the First Generation in the Music which had communed with First One.
You did not find her, but you did find a dark woman who gave you no name for herself, a stranger whose form hardly resembled the woman who had called herself Fire. She was in the bottom of the deepest recess from the surface, beside a molten underground river of lurid blue-green flames, and she was curled in upon herself, quivering in the grip of some tortured dream-vision. Her face was deeply etched with suffering and indescribable loss. You did not move from the spot where you had first seen her form. A dreadful paralysis seemed to enter your mind and flow to your limbs. Ichorous fumes stung your eyes and burned in your nose, mouth and throat. The roiling liquid of the river roared in your ears. The very heart of the Sun did not possess the same reality as that underground realm!
A determination to retreat to safety was only just beginning to form in your thoughts, when the woman sensed some subtle change in her self-imposed prison and opened her eyes, and looked straight into yours. You were then stone.
A fleeting expression of hope was banished from her face by dread. And finally a rigor mortis of all emotion except lust overlaid her features like a mask. She got to her feet and swayed up to you. The green eyes blazed brighter than the liquid fire in the river beside where the two of you stood.
“Sbakhet,” she said. And then you knew that she would never call herself Fire again. She had seen The Children of the Sun, like First One, in the Music. She was calling you the Fire Star. In the World there was only one such place and that was the Sun.
Like an offering the woman stood there for you to do with what you wished.
“Will you sing with me?” you asked. And she did so.
The sound was deafening. You couldn’t really hear it anymore because your whole being was beaten to the core with it. And in the midst of it you were changed: instead of your song raising her back up to where she could command the symphony of the spheres again, her alien theme tore your song asunder. All that remained of it was darkness.
Stepping back in horror at last, you could see finality to the woman’s metamorphosis. In taking you to herself she had fallen beyond hope to a state beneath the Existence of the World. She belonged outside the World, perhaps even beyond the Void. It was a damnable concept incapable of expression.
Yet your singing, corrupted as it was, went on together. And in it you learned what had happened to the woman who had, for a few seasons, called herself Fire. Her man, Ice, wanted to sing forever with her, to comfort and encourage her to return to The Others and commune again in the Music. But she knew that it would not happen, because First One had been there before and now he was no longer at the Meeting Place. And she did not know where he had gone, or even if he was gone, or ever had really been. Without the full symphony of the spheres, she could not feel his presence anymore, much less see and hear him. She was devastated. When Ice had insisted that this was only temporary, and that surely First One was only occupied but would return, she had become angry. That First One would use her like this – to only be completed when the whole Music was being performed by all of The First Generation – seemed like a terrible jest being played at her cost. So she left the man she had named Ice and came back to the first sphere she had ever seen and heard. She vowed that the symphony of the spheres would remain incomplete, without her, because she would not return until First One came to her and gave back the complete Music to be hers forever. She called to First One but he did not answer.
Your quest to find Fire was over. The symphony of the spheres would not be resurrected through her. Perhaps it would never be heard again. But when you went to the surface of the planet and willed yourself to leave, to return to the Sun, you discovered that a final, terrible change had taken place. You could not ascend beyond the atmosphere. Looking directly into the Sun’s blazing glory, even this far out, caused your eyes pain. Somehow joining with the woman of this planet had worked a final degrading of your natural powers and now you were trapped here. That would have been an eternal hell. But better, you have often felt since, than utter banishment.
For a space of time you and the woman who now held no name endured together. Being alone would have been far worse but that short exile from the rest of the home World was horrible enough. You blamed her for your benighted state. She accepted all your scorn without a word or an outward emotion. You could never tell what she was thinking or feeling. All that the two of you had was the duet of your broken singing. Being more tormented by utter silence drove you to join. But it was a feeble shadow of your former, glorious songs: and even less measurable compared to the whole Music.
A day came, and you were joined again, and the duet was like a dreadful mockery of what you both had lost and wanted back again. But anger, self-loathing and irrationality had increased the darkness of it beyond measure.
And that was how you were when Nova finally found you.
The disappointment and shock of that reunion was more than her innocent love of you could bear and she exploded in rage at her personal sense of loss. Her voice that you had remembered with tormented longing became as cold as a sun bursting apart and dying away in the Void. You fled from it, and the dark woman seemed to be consumed by it and vanished from the World like dust blown on a solar wind.
Then all was gone. Anguish and abyss were your waking sensations, as you clawed slowly up from those depths into a realm of barely discernable objects: gloam light showed your heavy eyes a familiar long, narrow room, packed with rows of sleeping soldiers...
TEN
First One watched as The Children of The First Generation fell from Joy.
They succumbed to the seeds in their nature which brought about discontent with Home and with each other. Although no two Children were alike, and their paths to exile differed, yet the offenses in each of them manifested in only a few ways.
The most common offense was finding fault in each other. It was always something trivial at first. But lacking experience to judge, as Children are, very few of them were willing to see fault in themselves until it was too late: words were spoken, feelings became outraged, gossip and back-biting flourished like weeds.
Where at first only innocent coexistence had typified the Children, soon they were dividing into groups and talking about each other. Fault-finding and blame became a constant blight, until nearly all the Children were consumed in defending themselves by pointing out the greater faults of others.
There seemed only escalation of acrimony and there was no one at first to arbitrate or say what justice was.
The woman Eve was able, through the strength of her willful personality, to resolve the arguments that divided the clique of Children who deferred to her. As a singer in the symphony of the spheres she already possessed an eminence over the largest part of the Children. She sought out any who were not singers and who listened to her reasoning about unity and order. Eve’s clique was large.
Her man Cane had been at her side during the communing, but he had not sung with her. Silently after that she looked on him with less affection but not a whit less of possessiveness. He treated her with deference which she felt was her due, so she included him still in all of her ideas and still sought his counsel. But since the disappearance of Fire, Eve’s eyes went ever more often to where the silent man Ice kept to himself, under The Communing Tree where Fire had conducted the symphony of the spheres. No one had been able to engage him in conversation and he shunned company. It was obvious that he was only awaiting the return of his woman.
But this would not do, Eve decided without telling Cane. Ice must be convinced that his sadness was not good, either for himself or for The Others. He must get over his feeling of loss: and what better way than for Eve to console him with her companionship?
“Ice,” she said as she sank down upon the grass beside him. He did not bother to look her way and that was hard, but she pushed her disappointment down and said:
“I have been watching you for many days. It pains me to see you so unhappy. Can I not do anything for you? Just say the word.”
She stroked his arm tenderly and put all the concern and longing she could muster into her pleading voice, and a manner into her body’s language which could not be mistaken. And surely, if he had looked at her at all, Ice would have seen a beautiful woman offering herself to him and he would have had a heart and body of ice indeed not to respond. But he did not look at her, but remained instead with his back to the base of the massive shade tree: his eyes were closed without a trace of emotion about his face.
His silence and utter ignoring of her was more than Eve could bear and she got to her feet at once, kicking his ankle away so that his arm rested on a knee fell with the leg. All he saw as his eyes opened briefly and he resumed his position was her backside as she stamped off through the grass. 
 But Eve was even more dissatisfied with Cane after her failure to win Ice. In the days which followed she thought of a different approach.
She remembered how he had started the practice of adorning their bodies with decorative creations, how he had plaited the simple circlet from the grass, and how River’s beauty had been enhanced by it. Now The Children wore bracelets, anklets and necklaces and girdles of grasses and flowers, as well as circlets of various designs over their hair. Eve herself wore flowers woven directly into her lustrous black tresses. But Ice seemed unaware of the fashion that he had artlessly started. He wore nothing himself.
Eve wove an intricate circlet of blooms and fibers for herself, then a matching one. She took them to where Ice sat beneath The Communing Tree with his eyes lowered to gaze out from the shade at the sun-bathed Valley. In order to surprise him, she came quickly up, feigning breathless spontaneity and knelt down facing him. She wore her circlet and lay the matching one on his head with a laugh.
“Ice,” she said and laughed again. “I saw these flowers and they match your eyes. Come over to the pool and look at yourself. Your eyes are even more blue than usual when you wear my gift.”
She laughed again and got to her feet and took his hand as though this was all impulsive and innocent. The act would have convinced him if he had not already had his heart broken. When she tried to coax him to his feet, he did not help and she was defeated. Their eyes met briefly. Then he firmly and slowly pulled his hand away and took off the circlet and laid it on the grass.
“My name is Climber”, he said and closed his eyes again.
She nearly lost her temper then. But instead a deeper feeling than her desire to possess the man she still thought of as Ice took hold of her. Revenge.
She went to where a group of the Siblings from the Sun were quietly conversing together apart.
“High Ones,” Eve said to them collectively, and she lowered her face toward the ground. She waited but not long before a woman said:
“Why do you call us this?”
“Because it is so,” Eve said. She accepted the humility that she displayed, but she felt guile more. “I come to you seeking an end to the bickering and contention. The Children have no counselors, since First One has not returned, and the woman Fire has also not returned. Many are causing disunity and seeking to establish order but there is no agreement so there is only chaos.”
“That is so,” said the woman from the Sun, and the rest agreed.
“What do you want from us?” said the woman from the Sun.
“All of you are singers. All of you count your place of awakening with First One. There is design in this, O High Ones. Your humility is inherent also; else you would have sought to establish your eminence yourselves. I know that you were waiting for The Others to ask for your wise counsel, to heal the bad feelings that multiply, and to administer judgment. I come, as a leader of some of The Others, to beg your intervention. If you will agree, then I will tell The Others and I am sure that they will come to The Communing Tree with their problems. If they will not, because of pride, come on their own, then those who have complaints against them will bring their grievances to you for judgment anyway. Those who repent can stay among us. Those who refuse to abide by your counsel and judgment will be sent away from among us. And thus we will have peace between us again.”
Eve was pronounced by the High Ones to be the most-wise of the lesser Children, or of all The Others who had not come from the Sun. As such, the High Ones always admitted her to their meetings to get her ideas on how to best organize the Home: and Eve had many ideas about that.
 It was at her bidding that The Other Children were first divided into classes according to the conditions of their awakening. Those who had been closest to the Sun had an ascendant position over those of the outer planets. But also, those who had been first aware of Existence on the Home planet were assigned a special eminence, with those particularly recognized who had awakened in the valley of named Children. And most particular of all, those few who had awakened to The World within sight of The Communing Tree where Fire had conducted them all in the symphony of the spheres. Those Children closer to The Tree than Eve and Cane were not many. And she could allow them immediate status beneath herself and her man, only on the basis of her special status as the first one to recognize the High Ones. But it was a potent difference, made all the more so because the High Ones favored her sycophantic presence.
Many Children resisted the coercion of social class distinction and tried to be solitary. But falling into the natural consequence of loneliness they became sad and angry.
Others, like Climber, were more stubborn and were sent away when Eve counseled with the High Ones that it was for the best interest of the whole community.
“This one,” she said of Climber, “first came here and would not be agreeable regarding the significance of his name. Now, even though he once accepted the name of Ice from the First Singer, Fire, he insists on only answering to Climber. He seems to delight in causing confusion.”
So Climber was told to leave the valley of named Children.
For many days past he had known, without knowing how he knew, that Fire had gone from the World. His time in the valley of named Children had been his only remaining connection to her, because being surrounded by so many of The Others who talked of her had barely convinced himself that he had not in fact created Fire as a dream of his own troubled mind.
Banishment was the last blow to his conflicted feelings and he departed for his mountain without a word to anyone. Once there, he lay down on his back in the snow again and stared into the heavens where he had first opened his eyes.
And he fell into a strange dream which became reality, and from which he awoke to the world he had thought he was dreaming about. But he had another name and his dreaming was of The Home World instead, which quickly faded to a fragmentary unreality so beautiful and lost that it made him weep…
ELEVEN
The High Ones called many meetings at The Communing Tree. They engaged each other in singing. And many new arrangements were invented. The complexity of these symphonies, it was claimed, was more glorious than the legendary symphony of the spheres.
Even those who did not believe this to be so loudly agreed so as not to be cast out from the company of the High Ones. And so lying entered into everything. Appearance became the most important virtue. And thus the true virtues that love Joy were steadily being undone amidst their society.
In First One’s mind the number of Siblings remaining in The Home World steadily dwindled as the solitary ones fell asleep. Those who had been cast out of the society of the so-called high ones, those who had departed to mourn for the lost Joy of associating together in peace and harmony, those who nursed deep wounds and wept alone: to each and all came the moment when their outraged feelings caused them to seek solace in blessed sleep.
And sleeping took each of The Children away. To awake to a different world that seemed to their first aware impressions as if a dark glass had been imposed over their sight. Worlds that seemed old and yet something was always missing.
Each of those worlds shared an over-arching feature, something new and terrible: the hope of Joy was always dogged by Death…
TWELVE
In the Meeting Place the assembled Children began to notice their numbers dwindling. The High Ones searched the entire Home World then, to find out where the “sulkers, the deserters and rebellious ones” had hidden themselves, and to see if any were working mischief. But all searching turned up no one who was missing.
It became obvious that somehow The Children were in fact vanishing away from The Home World. A kind of panic set in. Enquiry soon revealed that the Children were falling asleep. And that somehow this sleeping was what preceded them vanishing away.
It was declared to be against the rule of the High Ones that anyone should be allowed to fall asleep. It was decreed that everyone should now remain in the valley of named Children together, so that they might easily watch each other and assure that no more Siblings might slumber and be stolen away.
So entrenched were they in shared deception that no one dared speak of the truth that each of them felt within: that denying the reality of the symphony of the spheres had caused this darkness of sleeping to occur in the first place. And that they were all trying to deny First One’s words.
The High Ones loudly and incessantly declared that First One was only a legend created by their shared imaginations. No one had actually seen him, or her. Even that much could not be positively known. Some imagined First One’s body and voice as that of a man and others as a woman.
Turning from the reality of Truth had dimmed their memories of the symphony of the spheres such that very few anymore could really remember how fulsome the Music had been, how well they had known one another, how completely they had seen the whole Home World in vision. And even the significance of the words that First One had given them.
THIRTEEN
“The People of the Valley of Perpetual Communion” (the High Ones’ decreed renaming of the Meeting Place and its denizens) nevertheless continued to dwindle in numbers. Until at length there were a few thousand only of them remaining in The Home World. And all of them were positively gathered there and nowhere else. The thousands of planets with their myriad of varied moons remained desolate of inhabitants. The sun roared alone. The Void saw no one passing through it. And on the Home planet no one was permitted to leave The Valley.
A perversity had set in. Everyone was gathered to The Valley of Perpetual Communion, by decree, so that no more of The People would be lost. But now the most serious judgment, amounting to a kind of capital punishment, was to threaten any recalcitrant with exile from their society. This would result, inevitably, in their falling asleep and vanishing away.
Society was developing apace. With social classes established, with the High Ones at the top, and their preferred assistants (like Eve) as a second tier, The People were arranged in an informal descending rank, down to the lowest, the ashfet, those undergoing protracted discipline for various offenses. Ashfet lost their names among their Brothers and Sisters. And while enduring punishment they were addressed by a numeral instead. This was applied to the body with a kind of ink, extracted from one of the countless varieties of plants that happened to contain a dark sap. The current condition of the ashfet (“numbered one”, signifying one known for wickedness) could be instantly determined by where his or her number was displayed – if on the back of the hand, then this signified that their discipline was about to terminate in restoration to the full body of society once more (pending arraignment before the full council of the High Ones). If the numeral was written across the loins this signified shet and rendered such a person “untouchable” (meaning, that they could not be engaged in any form of physical touch or communion, except from other shetim). Upon being pronounced in a condition of shet, the High One rendering sentence would turn away and say the word, “shet”, either quickly or with the “sh” drawn out to illustrate how long the person being disciplined could expect to remain in his or her condition until the Council would speak with them again. A numeral splashed across the face displayed sheter, the High Ones’ greatest displeasure. Such a punishment included complete ignoring of the marred individual, even by other sheter. No one was to speak to them beyond instructing them to provide service. They were not to be touched or allowed communion of any kind. Their condition was dire, and any High One could banish them from The Valley of Perpetual Communion with a word or gesture.
FOURTEEN
The council of remaining High Ones was convened under The Communion Tree, where the woman Fire had long ago led them all in the symphony of the spheres. But that singular event now only lived in legend.
There was not now even one-tenth so many High Ones as once had been, since they were first recognized by their eminent title by Eve.  Most of them had vanished from the Home World, victims of the mysterious ailment of sleep. Despite the thinning of their ranks, the score and six of remaining men and women were regal in their lofty position as the wisest and most knowledgeable. Their perfect recall of names and events, and their memory of the entire World, was unrivaled by any of The Others.
Lately, they had taken to wearing robes of spun gauze from the pod fibers of a snow-white plant. These hid their bodies such that head and neck, one shoulder, arms and the lower legs were visible. The golden brown of their flawless skin was enhanced thereby, and modesty had been instituted, to shield the intimate physical virtues of the High Ones from common eyes. Women and men of the second tier like Eve and Cane were privileged to wear a covering for their loins, but this was only a skirt of dried grasses and not of the white cloth reserved for the High Ones. The rest of The People went unclothed save for their adornments, which were kept simple and tasteful according to decree.
“Eve”, said the High One, a woman chosen to be intermediary between the full council and those bringing cases for their judgment.
At the sound of her name, Eve arose from the ground and approached to just outside of arm’s length, then she knelt again with her face slightly lowered. She did not look directly at the face of any High One. Behind Eve was gathered a good sized congregation, nearly five score of The People who had come to witness the proceeding. Between Eve’s back and the congregation stood a man between two women: who kept looking at one another spitefully.
The man’s name was Mer. To look at, he was nothing remarkable, especially when the disparity of men to women living in the Valley of Perpetual Communion was considered. Mysteriously, of the few thousands of Children remaining in The World, four-fifths of them were men. Among the score and six High Ones only four were women, making the disproportion there even more pronounced.
Eve had succumbed to Mer’s allure and thought herself uniquely suited to this particular man. It was a subtle gift he possessed, to make the woman of his affection certain in her mind and body that she was his only soul-mate. And thus a kind of adultery (surely infidelity) had settled deeply into the vitals of the community. How high and extensively this behavior went, Eve was about to find out.
“I have discovered, this man, to be mischievous; and these two (indicating the women flanking Mer) to be wantons.”
“These are serious charges,” said the High One acting as intermediary for the council. Her name was Solfia. “What is your evidence?”
“They will speak for themselves,” said Eve. And she stepped aside
“Janis, Heather,” said Solfia, addressing the two women flanking Mer, “what have either of you to say to this charge brought by Eve?”
They both began shouting and then reached around and past the man, Mer, to get at each other. For his part, Mer stepped back with his arms raised and a silly grin on his face.
“Stop this at once!” thundered Solfia. The power of the voices of the Children from the Sun, when raised in anger, was terrible.
The two women dropped away from each other. And Mer wiped the smile off his face. But one eyebrow remained cocked sardonically. He was obviously enjoying this.
Solfia fumed inwardly at his smug confidence. Perhaps the time had come to make Mer endure some time as a sheter. But the very thought filled Solfia with a kind of panic at the personal loss. Nevertheless, this discovery of Mer’s perfidy toward even herself, and with such lesser Children too, had shaken Solfia’s thin serenity to the core. I will seek the full council’s will on this matter, she said to herself, and if they judge him to be sheter, then I will be the only one to comfort him, and he will remain silent. Solfia turned away to confer quietly with the other High Ones.
Eve had been entertaining almost identical thoughts for herself and Mer. The revenge she had felt was slipping away, such was his influence over her feelings. She was hoping that sheter would be the judgment of the council, then she could manage to seclude Mer and he would be grateful for her devotion.
But even as she began to arrange this future in her imagination, everything changed at once.
Solfia returned and looked imperiously at the three of them. Then, focusing her gaze upon the man, then turning slowly away, “Ssssshe’ter,” said Solfia.
“I will do more than that,” said Mer. “I judge myself exiled forever.”
“But, why?” exclaimed Solfia.
And at the same instant, Eve cried, “No!”
Mer laughed and said, “You have judged yourself.” He turned toward Eve, “And her.” He turned toward the congregation and began pointing to various other women while saying: “And her, and her, and her…”
Denials and consternation erupted. In the midst of the rising hubbub, Mer faced the council and said loudly: “This whole People are a joke! This isn’t what we are supposed to be doing. Don’t you remember anything? First One told us long ago that we have to leave Home when we cannot have Joy. And I haven’t been joyful for what feels like forever. I am going to sleep. And so will each of you. Why fight it any longer? Where I go I cannot know. But I am sure that it can’t be more terrible than this place that you all have made for yourselves! Good-bye!” And he turned and strode away toward the West Mountains.
The council sat nonplussed or stood up and began questioning and accusing each other. It came out that Mer had been making inroads on the remaining women among The People, from the highest to the least, not even disdaining those who were ashfet.
The council broke up in a shouting scramble. The sound of it routed The People far away to escape the noise.
FIFTEEN
Into the midst of this cacophony and chaos came a woman, clothed in a diaphanous white gown. And where she went The People gathered behind her. She passed slowly down the length of The Valley, moving toward The Communion Tree. The noises of acrimony and shouting died away as she came closer. Until at last the woman stood beneath the wide shade of The Tree and faced the intermingled, disheveled and now silent and wondering throng. Former High Ones stood among former ashfet.
“I am Fire,” the woman said.
And at the sound of her voice, the symphony of the spheres entered their minds and they began to be weary.
“New generations of Children must come here now.
“You cannot be here when they come. Nothing inimical to Joy can live in The Home World that Father has made for us.
“When you have learned, as I have done, how to bring only Joy here, then I shall come to you again, or First One will send another, and we will show you the way Home. Then we may stay here together forever.
 “Now you must all sleep, and awake where The Others have, who have gone before you.”
The Children closed their eyes as Fire spoke. And each severally awoke to a world that was real, and The Home World but a fading, fragmentary dream of somewhere lost to them…
THE LAST SHALL BE FIRST
The next appointment with his analyst, he took a pistol. Sure enough, the over-paid sonofabitch was glancing at his wristwatch a good ten minutes before the session was supposed to be over. PTSD, my ass, thought Gilford Clover.
“Gil, I think that we can see the light at the end of the tunnel,” said Doctor Steven Sternheisel.
“How do you figure that?” Clover asked flatly.
Across the desk, he watched every muscle in Sternheisel’s smoothly shaved, complacent face.
“Well, first of all, look at how long you have no longer been in denial. You’ve been seeking help for over two years. And you haven’t switched analysts, or requested to, in over a year.”
“So, what?”
“It means that we have established a good dialogue and you are responding positively to that. And I have seen less anger from you in our recent sessions. As I have said before, once you get past the anger phase, the rest is all going to fall into place. You are no longer denying your part in what caused the guilt. And I have never seen much of the bargainer in you. Heh, heh.”
“So all that’s left is my acceptance of my situation.”
“Well, there is your depression, but we are dealing with that. You’re taking your prescription, so you’re doing your part. I don’t see any reason to worry about the eventual outcome.”
Sternheisel folded his fingers on the desk in front of himself and his smile was calm and confident. After a long moment, he glanced at the inside of his wrist again and moved to get up.
“So until next time, Gil…”
His face froze and he stopped halfway out of his chair. His eyes fell down the bottomless pit of the .45-caliber’s muzzle. Clover’s elbow was planted on the desk and his usually hooded eyes inside the wire-rimmed spectacles were bright with merriment over the black hole of the pistol’s barrel.
“Hey, Doc, analyze this.”
Clover grinned for the first time that Sternheisel could recall. It made the doctor speechless.
Two minutes later they were in Sternheisel’s bright yellow custom RX8, with Clover in the passenger seat, the .45 across his waist and pointing roughly at the analyst’s groin.
“Take I-80,” said Clover. “We’re going for a little ride, into the mountains.”
Sternheisel hadn’t said a word since they had left his office. Clover was faintly amused to see the corner of the doctor’s eye twitching madly while he bit his lower lip. As the sports car started into Parley’s canyon, Clover said, “Beautiful day for a hanging.”
“What do you want?” shouted the analyst.
“Steady there, Doc,” Clover said.
“I can’t believe you are doing this. What’s got into you, Gilford?”
“Isn’t disbelief the second stage of grieving or something?”
“For godsakes, Gilford, don’t kill me. We both have a lot to lose if you did.”
“That’s sensible talk, Doc. I’ll think it over.”
As they approached the summit, Clover could see Sternheisel checking his mirrors, hoping for the sight of a cop car anywhere. They started down the other side.
“You can cut your speed, Doc, to no more than five over. Don’t want to attract attention, do we? If you have any funny notions about getting any cops to turn onto us, I warn you now, I will shoot your ass the moment I see flashing lights.”
“Why are you doing this? What are you doing this for?”
“I have it in mind to bend your ear without interruption,” said Clover.
“What?”
“You shrinks are all alike. You think that giving up a couple of hours every few days is just peachy, that it will work wonders. But you should have figured out long before I came long, that what winding people up and then pushing them out the door does is actually quite counter-productive. I can’t speak for anyone else, but that kind of shit just drives me nuts.”
“Why didn’t you just TELL ME, ‘Steven, I want to talk about what’s on my mind longer’. I would have listened. I would have given you all the time you need. You didn’t communicate. I am not a mind reader.”
Clover clicked his tongue reprovingly. “I would say that you suck at your job, then, Doc, like all the others, just not quite as bad as most. I think there’s hope for you, so I am giving you a chance to lighten my burdens by being a listening ear. A willing ear is probably too much to expect, under the present circumstances. But I am sure I can get your attention. Hell, I already have.”
The RX8 reached the bottom of Parley’s canyon and they passed the turnoff to Park city.
“Take the turnoff to Heber,” said Clover. He kept the muzzle of the .45 pointed at Sternheisel’s vitals. The analyst’s shirt under his arms was soaked to his belt despite the air conditioning.
Clover said, “I have these dreams, lots of them, vivid as hellfire, and about as welcome, most of them.”
When he didn’t say anything more right away, Sternheisel said: “What you are asking is if you have a sleeping disorder?”
Clover said nothing. He was watching the oncoming traffic as it rushed past. But the pistol muzzle watched the analyst unwaveringly. Sternheisel licked his dry lips and tried again.
“So you are having nightmares, Gil?”
“No.”
Oh my God, thought the analyst, it’s happened, he’s probably in REM sleep right now. He’s had a catastrophic failure with the anti-depressant medication! If it was possible, Sternheisel was suddenly more terrified than before.
“Look, Gil, I can take you off the medication slowly and try something else. You should have TOLD me!”
“Told you what?” The hooded eyes swung slowly over to appraise the doctor.
“The dreaming, the disturbed sleeping pattern is an early sign that the medication isn’t working. Your depression is worse, not improved. But you are supposed to tell me. I asked the right questions. You gave the right answers, so either you didn’t understand, or you, you…”
“Lied?”
The doctor couldn’t even swallow. He nodded spasmodically and the RX8 swerved erratically around the next bend.
“Careful there, Doc,” said Clover again. “You’re going too fast again. I meant what I said back there. I will kill you the instant any cops start after us.”
“Look, please, Gilford, just tell me what you want, anything. I’ll help anyway I can, give you anything you want.”
“Bargaining already are we?” smirked Clover. “Isn’t that stage three? My, my but we are making faster progress than I thought.”
“What are you talking about?”
“You should know. You’re the expert. I am not going to tell you your job, am I?”
“Why didn’t you tell me about the dreams, the difficulty sleeping?”
“Who said anything about difficulty sleeping? I sleep like a rock. I didn’t used to dream like this though. You think it’s the meds?”
“It must be,” said the doctor. “But if you sleep well, that doesn’t fit.”
“Fit what?”
“Serotonin sometimes affects people negatively. A small percentage of patients can develop insomnia and sleeping disorders similar to LSD tripping. You know, flashbacks. But that means they don’t sleep through the night properly. Instead they virtually sleep-walk during the day. They act out their worst nightmares in waking life, unaware that what they are experiencing is not just a dream. As bad as that sounds, this condition is easy to spot if you are candid with your doctor, Gil. I am going to guess that your condition is somehow tied to the particular medication I prescribed. But as I said, we can change that. We can fix this. You have to let me try.”
Clover said nothing. His eyes were back on the road. Sternheisel glanced down to his right and saw the .45 still pointing unwaveringly at his crotch. Jesus Christ…, he thought, and the rest was a prayer that he couldn’t frame into words.
“Tell me more about the dreams, Gil,” said the analyst.
“I was waiting for you to ask,” the man with the gun said sardonically.
“Godammit!” shouted Sternheisel, “I haven’t done anything WRONG! You can’t blame me for your troubles. I only want to help.”
“I’m sure you do,” said Clover without any emotion.
“I mean it! Just tell me what you want and I will do all I can to help you any way I can.”
“Not good enough, Doc,” said Clover. He poked the barrel into Sternheisel’s hip. The doctor shrieked and the RX8 nearly swerved off the road.
“You did that, you idiot!” the doctor screamed. “If the cops see me driving like a maniac it’s your fault not mine.”
“A man’s got to know his limitations, yes sir,” quoted Clover. “You’ll just have to learn to drive under pressure, then. Or get over it.”
“Bastard!”
Clover grinned mirthlessly. “Go ahead, malign my parentage, if it will make you feel better.”
He lapsed into silence. And they drove for a while that way.
“When you get to the Midway turnoff, take it,” said Clover.
“Where are we going? Where are you taking me?”
“I have no idea. We’ll just see where we end up, shall we?”
“Why didn’t you tell me about the dreams until now?” asked Sternheisel.
“I tried, but each time you made them into figments of my disorder. ‘Gil, you’re just working through the shocking memories that have caused your stress disorder, nothing more’. Sound familiar? Then after pronouncing your prognosis you would push me out the door again, just as I was getting started.”
“I am so, terribly sorry, Gil, really I am. If I had known what the medication was doing – but you should have TOLD me!”
“It isn’t the meds, Doc.”
“Of course it is. What else could it be?”
“It isn’t.”
“Why are you so sure?”
“Because I haven’t taken a single dose of that crap since I started talking to you lot of shysters.”
“What?”
“I know all about the risks of anti-depressants, Doc. And I have nothing but scorn for your profession. But I got taken off the Force and had to talk to somebody or go nuts. Trouble is, you lot don’t give enough time, but you take plenty of dough for the little time you parcel out.”
“I have misjudged you.” Sternheisel’s voice was raspy and humble.
“Well now, we are up to admitting guilt. That’s progress, I reckon so.”
“Okay, so what do you want from me?”
“Just what I said. You’re going to go where I want and listen to me. No distractions. And when I feel that I have said it all, you are going to tell me what you really think. And if I have done my job well, you’ll certify me sane and competent to return to work.”
“That’s it?”
“Sure. Except that if you say anything just to make me feel better – to assuage my seething anger – I will be able to tell and I will blow your balls off.”
Sternheisel glanced in alarm at the man with the gun.
“Just watch the road, Doc, I’m only kidding.”
“You wouldn’t really kill me.”
“Oh yes I will, if I decide that you are a lying asshat. But I won’t blow your balls off.”
They swung right, off the highway, and headed toward the nearby mountains. Soon they were passing through Midway.
“Just take this road on up where it turns to gravel, then, we’ll see,” said Clover.
“I have these dreams,” resumed Clover. “They are real as this summer evening. What I remember of them anyways. I only recall fragments. But man, Doc! They blow the socks off of any CGI, trust that!”
Sternheisel was fascinated in spite of his bated terror: he had never heard such animation in Gilford Clover’s voice before.
“I have them only sporadically, not every night. They aren’t connected. There’s no sequence to them. Some are like sci-fi. Some are like, from some early time, maybe medieval or even before that. But I am always in them and I am always me. I do terrible things and sometimes great or even daring or brave things. But never anything that seems impossible. I never break the laws of physics when I am on a world. But sometimes the laws of physics we know here don’t always apply there. Or I have powers that are natural to that world, like everybody else.”
He paused and looked at the doctor. Sternheisel glanced at Clover a couple of times. “Go on, I’m listening.”
“What do you think so far?”
“I can’t tell anything yet. You’ll have to be more specific.”
“Here’s the thing, Doc: I know that you don’t believe in reincarnation, being a good Mormon boy and all that.”
“Are you saying you do?”
“Sure. Even Joseph Smith did, or else Eliza R. Snow was a liar. She wrote her brother Lorenzo to that effect, that Joseph Smith believed in reincarnation, but you probably wouldn’t believe that.”
“I know your faith has taken a hit in recent years, Gil. That’s okay. We don’t have to believe the same religious things for me to want and be able to help you.”
“Fine, as long as you know where I am coming from. I’ve got it all over you where Church history is concerned, you know that.”
“I won’t argue matters of faith. So yes, I have never studied the same kinds of books you have. And I don’t give the time of day to anti-Mormon websites either.”
“Do I detect an inflection of disapproval, Doc?”
“Probably. I think that part of your trouble is that you over-think your religion, our religion. But I’ve told you that before.”
“We have minds with which to think. I don’t ever plan to turn off mine, Doctor, but your mileage may vary.”
“Yes, of course. But you don’t want to discuss religious differences.”
“I guess some of that is inescapable, being rather sewn all through my dream memories. You see, I have been a lot of things, not just what I am in this life.”
“Okay. I accept that you believe that about yourself.”
“Let me try and convince you.”
“Why? What difference would that make?”
“If I got you to consider the possibility of a broader reality than this hidebound exegesis we both grew up with, I would consider myself a bit less at sea. I would not be traveling alone.”
“Why me, Gil?”
“Because I have to start sharing somewhere. If I don’t, then I will have no reason to stick around.”
“Don’t go there, Gil!” said the analyst, aghast at this latest evidence of his failure to see the depth of his patient’s despair. “You’ve got a family. A lot of people love you and are glad you’re alive. There’s no reason to assume that you will never meet another terrific woman and get remarried. You’re still young enough to enjoy many years of life yet.”
“Enough of that, Doc. I’ve seen and remembered things you have no concept of. This puny life in the here-and-now is less than a fly speck in the totality of Existence.”
The yellow sports car weaved back and forth along the folded slopes packed with pine and quaking aspen trees. Sunlight struck golden flashes off the quivering leaves. Already this high up they were starting to turn color here and there. Out over the valley behind them spread the town of Heber and the outlying farms. The shadow of the mountains in the westering sun was reaching up the further slopes, leaving only the top half of the mountains still lit. The road was gravel by then and Sternheisel had to swerve across ruts and around protruding rocks. His car’s low under-surface crunched every now and then. He would have winced normally at the abuse his precious car was taking. But the handgun never moved and he remembered what Gilford had said. At least now he wasn’t in instant terror of death. Listening as he never had in his life, as if life depended on it, the analyst tuned out everything else but the voice of his disturbed patient.
“This is good enough, stop there,” said Clover. The RX8 was then perched on an impressive over-look. Heber city was in deepening shadow and the business and roadside lights were on down there. Headlights on cars and trucks crawled minutely like grounded midges. The last of the sunlight was pale on the wisps of cirrus clouds overhead. A full moon was just starting to crest the horizon of hills to the east.
“Let’s get out,” said Clover. Sternheisel stopped the engine, pocketed the keys and climbed out.  Clover was already standing with the passenger door shut. The .45 was on the analyst’s loins.
“Is that thing necessary now?” asked Sternheisel.
“Yes. I like it,” said Clover. “Have a seat there,” he indicated a rock at the edge of the road, looking east. The doctor sat on the rock. His patient sat on another rock a few feet to the right. He kept the pistol pointed at the doctor as he spoke.
“The last dream, I might as well start with that one, because it says something about where you and I came from before we came here. I think it says something about what this world is about.”
“Where I came from?”
“Sure, all of us, humanity. We all come from the same Home.”
“The preexistence,” said the analyst.
“Not quite like that, no,” said Clover. “It’s a lot more than that anemic Mormon version anyways. Just listen.”
And Gilford Clover told Doctor Steven Sternheisel all that he could remember about The Home World, and First One, and the symphony of the spheres….
The moon was well up and the stars were stupendously spread above them when Clover stopped talking.
“I noticed familiar themes in your story, Gil,” the doctor said. “Our imaginations are very fecund and amazing. We accumulate a lot of information as we age. Nothing you’ve told me is alien to this world. You could pick the details out of scripture, and any number of science fiction or fantasy novels, or movies made from the same.”
“That is an honest response, Doc. Bravo,” said Clover. “It wouldn’t occur to you, I suppose, that all the familiar themes, as you are pleased to call them, have their origin in The Home World and not this one.”
“I wouldn’t, as a scientist, argue such a theory, no,” said Sternheisel.
“Playing the pragmatist, now, are we?” Clover’s tone was gently mocking. “What I just shared is hardly scientific. It smacks more of mythological, impossible stuff, rather than physics according to this earth. People don’t live in the sun. But I have!”
“I accept that you believe it.”
“You think it was just a dream, a self-delusion.”
“Your story is the kind of vaunted and fallacious thinking typical of a need to escape great tragedy, a need to forget terrible memories. Life has run you through the ringer, Gil. Wouldn’t it make more sense to blame these vivid dream images on accumulated stress? What else could cause them?”
“Redemption.”
“I don’t understand,” the analyst said.
“Come on, Doc. This is what we do until we get it: until First One comes to us and says, ‘Your quest is done. You understand what Joy is. Come Home, forever.’”
“Why do you need to recreate what has already been revealed, Gil? You had a testimony, once, of the truth of the restored gospel, of Joseph Smith’s calling as the prophet of this dispensation, of the Book of Mormon…”
“You can stop there, Doc. Truth is, I tried for a long time to get what you say you have, but it never came to me. Then I learned, other things, about Joseph Smith, and history, and how people just can’t resist lying for the Lord, and how this has always been so. People make religions in their own image. God never does that. And my image of God isn’t the same as anyone else’s. Yours isn’t the same as anyone else’s. No two of us has the same image of God because no two of us are the same.”
“But that would mean there is more than one truth, more than one path revealed back to God.”
“And what’s wrong with that?”
“No one could help anyone else to learn what truth is, because no one would have authority to speak for God. It would be confusion and chaos, with every man going his own way, making God out to be in his own image. What you believe in place of the faith of your fathers is a lie of Satan’s to deceive you.”
“Spoken like a TBM, Doc.” Clover’s tone, instead of testy like one gainsaid as Sternheisel expected, was soft and oddly empathetic. “You are parroting from your box like everyone else locked into dogmatic reasoning. It is all circular logic. I’ve tried to get people like you – like I was once – to see the circular reasoning that they view the world with, but it never works. You all keep insisting on kissing Hank’s ass.”
“What does that mean?”
 “Forget it.” Clover waved the handgun dismissively. “It’s just an inside joke my brother shared with me once.” He continued:
“The most enlightened people I have come to know are the very individuals who think for themselves, the ones that organized religions claim are blinded by the devil. They are the ones who don’t take themselves too seriously. And for sure, they don’t take religion seriously at all. And you know what? They, in all their lack of seriousness, get more done for the general good than a whole congregation sitting on their over-fed fundaments in church.”
“That’s an unfairly broad brush you paint us with, Gilford.”
Clover laughed at the analyst’s unintentionally appropriate use of words.
“People,” insisted Sternheisel, “are good and bad, in or outside of religion. But surely, God organizes and gives authority to speak and act for him. That is called order. ‘My house is a house of order,’ he says.”
“I am not arguing against organized religion, Doc. But they are all the same. And God works inside all of them as well as outside of any religion whatsoever. That is a broader concept than saying that everyone must fit through one button hole. If that were true, God would have made us more alike than we are.”
There was silence between them for a while. And both noticed the chill in the mountain air as the breeze moved over where they sat on the rocks facing the rising moon.
“I need to pee,” said Clover. He pocketed the pistol then he unzipped and made water over the rocks below. The moonlight made the steaming arc of urine look almost phosphorescent. Sternheisel followed suit. Both men raised their faces to the moon and stars as they relieved themselves.
“Aren’t you hungry?” Sternheisel asked.
“Nice try. We’re not done here.” Clover left the .45 in his pocket, but Sternheisel saw the grip was where it could be reached instantly.
A long silent moment ensued while Clover searched the starry heavens. He didn’t look at the analyst.
Finally Sternheisel asked: “Are you going to keep me outside all night freezing in the dark?”
“Are you complaining? I haven’t shot you yet.”
“So after you’re done with me, that’s it? Why?”
“I am testing the depth of your faith, Doc. Then, we’ll see.”
“What gives you the authority, the right, to treat anyone this way?” Sternheisel’s tone was angry again and his voice shook as he shivered in the chill air.
“I’m doing it, aren’t I. Seems that’s authority enough.”
“You’re testing God. And you should know better.”
“I am testing you. It’s the same thing.”
Sternheisel felt something vacuous begin to open in his gut and his shivering deepened. He’s insane, he thought despairingly. How am I going to reason my way out of this?
“I want you to share your favorite poem with me, Doc. Then I’ll share my favorite with you.”
“To what purpose, Gil?”
“Just humor me. Do as I say, now.”
Sternheisel’s mind was blank. He couldn’t dredge up a name or title, not even a single church hymn.
“I’m waiting,” said Clover in his best Vicini the Sicilian voice.
“Give me a minute, I’m thinking.” Sternheisel’s voice was unsteady.
“Let me help you feel inspired,” Clover said. He took the .45 out and pointed it straight at Sternheisel’s face. The muzzle gaped like a black hole inside the moon gleam on the barrel.
“What’s the matter, Doc? Cat caught your tongue? If I say that you’re a dead man in the next five seconds, if you don’t start reciting something, will you go out of this life as a mute? Where’s your faith, man!”
Sternheisel backed up shaking and Clover followed pressing closer with his arm outstretched like a ramrod. The analyst made a sudden grab for the pistol and Clover yanked it up out of the way with a bark. “Hah! I knew you were going to try that.”
He pulled the trigger and lightning exploded singeing Sternheisel’s left ear. The doctor screamed and dropped into a crouch with both arms clamped around his head, the fingers of his hands extended like exposed roots.
Clover crouched down in front of him and prodded one finger tip with the barrel of the pistol. Sternheisel flinched back and fell over in the gravel road in a fetal position.
“Pitiful, truly Bill,” Clover quipped. “All I want is a simple poem out of you, and you collapse. Where’s your faith!”
“You are being an utter bastard,” said Sternheisel. “Let me have the gun and see how well you think.”
“McNope. But maybe McLater,” Clover said. He pocketed the pistol again and stood up. “There, I put the big bad gun away. Can you think of a poem now?”
“What’s the use of that? What do you want?”
“I’m interested to see if you have saved anything inspired in your narrow travels, anything that would illustrate your faith in the face of death. If you can’t unless I take the threat away, I guess that proves you don’t really have a way of expressing your faith, in extremis, do you? Maybe you don’t really have faith at all.”
“I’ve never pretended to be brave. I never thought of you as a bogie man.”
“I know you think I’m just a mad bully, a real nut-job you can write about later and share with your fellow shrinks. But you haven’t any idea what I have done. The only real difference between us, Doc, is that I remember what I’ve done and you don’t. It’s real easy to believe in your worthiness when you don’t have a past you would rather disown.”
Sternheisel slowly propped himself up in the road and looked up at Clover. “I can’t help anyone who keeps back secrets from their past, Gilford.”
“Well, that’s why we’re here, isn’t it?”
“I have no idea what you are talking about. Your game, your rules.”
“That’s right. So get up. Resume your seat. Now, think of the most inspired poetry you can. Take your time. I’ll wait, promise.”
Sternheisel and Clover were back on their rock seats facing the rising moon. The doctor looked deliberately at the brilliant gleaming disc. His breathing relaxed and slowly his face cleared. In a tentative tenor, he began to sing, and as he moved into the hymn his voice strengthened until the sound of it soared on the mountain breeze:
“Be still my soul
The Lord is on thy side
Stand calm within
The storm of grief and pain
Trust in thy God
To order and provide
With every change
He faithfully remains
Be still my soul
Thy best thy heavenly friend
Thru thorny ways
Leads to a joyful end.
“Be still my soul
Thy God doth undertake
To guide the future
As he has the past
Thy hope, thy confidence
Let nothing shake
All darkened mystery
Shall shine at last
Be still my soul
The winds and waves yet know
The voice that ruled them
While he dwelt below.
“Be still my soul!
When night you cannot flee
And flashing skies
Speak to the fear in thee
The face of God
Illuminates the night!
Unending peace
In trusting perfect Light
Be still my soul
When tears fall from above
You are his child
Forever in his love.”
“That is what I am talking about, Doc. You have never sung like that before. Am I right?”
Sternheisel glanced over at him then returned to gazing at the full moon. “Of course. Do you want me to thank you?”
Gilford Clover didn’t reply. They were quiet. But Sternheisel was through trying to provoke anything from Clover. The doctor waited for the disturbing man’s next move.
Clover looked at him, studying his profile in the moonlight. A couple of times, Sternheisel shot apprehensive glances at him then returned to staring at the luminary of the night.
Clover never took his eyes from Sternheisel’s face while he recited in a barely audible voice:
“Bugles are calling
From prairie to shore
‘Sign up!’ and ‘Fall in!’
Then march off to war
Drums beating loudly
Hearts beating proudly
Match Blue and Grey
And smile as you say, ‘Good-bye.’
“Smoke hides the valleys
And fire paints the plains
Loud roar the cannons
‘Til ruin remains
Bluegrass and cotton
Burnt and forgotten
All hope seems gone
So soldier march on to die.
“Count all the crosses
And count all the tears
These are the losses
And sad souvenirs
This devastation
Once was a nation
So fall the dice,
How high is the price we pay?
“There in the distance
A flag I can see
Scorched and in ribbons
But whose can it be?
How ends the story?
Whose is the glory?
Ask if we dare,
Our comrades out there who sleep.”
Sternheisel said: “That sounds familiar. What is it?”
“The Story of a Soldier. Those are the lyrics to a song, in the Sergio Leone film, The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Ennio Morricone composed a brilliant melody for it. Very poignant and prolonged – very evocative of tragedy, regret and pathos. The filmed version takes quite a bit longer to sing than it did for me to repeat it just now.”
“Interesting,” said Sternheisel and kept watching the moon.
“Why?”
“Why, what?”
“Why is any of that interesting?”
“Oh, I guess, because it is evidently of importance to you. And also filmography is an interesting subject in itself.”
Clover sighed audibly and took his eyes elsewhere. The RX8 shone white under the moonlight and the mountains and trees were shades of grey to black. It was bright enough to read a newspaper by.
“I thought you were better at this, Doc. I am disappointed in you. I’m beginning to think you really do suck at your job after all.”
“Well pardon me all to hell, Gilford.”
“Ask me.”
“Ask you what?”
“Ask me something. I’ll give you plenty of time.” He brought out the pistol and laid it on the rock beside himself.
“I am not afraid of you anymore,” said Sternheisel.
“That’s good. Here,” he held the pistol out butt-first. “Take it, it’s yours.”
Sternheisel was thoroughly dumbfounded. He didn’t move a muscle, certain that Clover would simply yank the pistol out of his reach if he did.
“What would I do with it?” he said at last.
“What indeed,” Clover said. He leaned closer and left the handgun on the rock beside the analyst.
Sternheisel straightened as if a rattlesnake lay coiled beside his hip. Oddly, he felt completely at sea, if possible even more uncertain as to his fate than before. He imagined taking up the weapon, and before he could aim and shoot, Clover would be on him and kill him with his bare hands. The police would see Sternheisel’s prints all overlaid on the grips, proving Clover’s story that the analyst had gone whacko and kidnapped him, and that he had managed to kill the mad doctor in self-defense. Sternheisel’s wild imagination made no sense and it immobilized him.
“Ask me something,” repeated Clover. He returned to intently studying Sternheisel’s face.
“I don’t know what you want, Gilford.”
“Yes you do. Take your time.”
Suddenly the night felt surreal. I might be dreaming all of this, thought Sternheisel. I ought to get in my car and go home and sleep. Yet he didn’t move and wondered why he didn’t. It was as though time and space had stopped. The full moon would hang there for eternity. If he didn’t ask the right question nothing would ever change. He more than half believed it. To his consternation, the adrenalin rush of the evening had passed, leaving him feeling suddenly thick-headed and practically ready to fall off his rock. He might even be unconscious before he hit the ground. What has Gilford done to me? Is the man some kind of hypnotist or am I the one going insane?
“Ask me something.” Clover’s voice was flat and featureless as the deeply shadowed landscape surrounding them.
“Why did you choose to recite The Story of a Soldier?” Sternheisel asked finally.
“Good, Doc. I’ll tell you. It’s mine.”
“You wrote it?”
“Yes. No. The guy who got it published was Tommie Connor, the same writer who did I Saw Mommy Kissing Santa Claus and a bunch of other fatuous popular songs. But, The Story of a Soldier is mine.”
“The next question is obviously, how did Tommie Connor get credit for your song?”
“Poem. I don’t do song lyrics. Hell, I don’t even do poetry. That’s practically my only piece. The answer is the riddle of space-time, Doc. I composed it in a single go, on the night my son died of influenza. I don’t know the year, but it was late winter and the world lay comatose under a months-old carapace of frozen snow. My family was homesteading in the northwest, I don’t really recall where exactly. My son died that night. I was writing the poem when he died in his sleep. I thought he was just sleeping at first. When I wrote the last line, I got up and went over to the bed and he was gone; just like that. His illness had brought back old memories of the Civil War, when as a young man just his age I had been wounded and later almost died in the hospital. That was the end of the war for me. But then my friends all went and died without me. So that night I finally put down my feelings about that part of my life. But I never gave the poem a title. And I seem to have kept it in the back of a book somewhere. I don’t know what became of it. And I don’t remember anything else about that. But when I first heard the lyrics in the scene from The Good, the Bad and the Ugly, where Angel Eyes is having the shit beat out of Tuco, I felt something incomplete. It bedeviled me for days. But I was young then and trying to get myself married. It passed. Then I had a dream much later, not that long ago in fact. I saw myself inside of Tommie Connor’s flat in London, and I was reciting the poem and he was writing it down. And when he was done, he looked at me and said, ‘The Story of a Soldier.’”
“If I understand you,” Sternheisel said, “you are telling me that you’ve had dreams about being almost killed in the Civil War, then of losing a son many years later. And as a result of those two traumatic events you composed that poem you’ve recited to me tonight. Am I right so far?”
“Yes.”
“Alright. Then, sometime in the mid 1960’s, this song writer, Tommie Connor, came up with The Story of a Soldier, and it got used in a spaghetti western: and you gave it to Connor?”
“That’s right.”
“And you dreamed all of this?”
“That’s right. I saw all of it in a vision.”
“Gil, I return to what I said earlier. You are escaping through very vivid, realistic dreams. And this too shall pass.”
“This is where faith comes in, Doc. I don’t accept your prognosis.”
“You ought to, Gil. Why fasten onto some fantasy? Don’t you want what is real?”
“I can’t expect you to understand the difference between dreaming, and visions.”
“Visions have a purpose,” Sternheisel said emphatically. “What purpose do your dreams serve?”
“I see myself as the same person in a growing number of times and places. I see myself learning slowly. But mostly I see myself as just me. Often I seem trapped in where I am and who I am. Something is always missing. I am looking for what it is, and I still don’t know what I am supposed to be searching for.”
“As your analyst, Gil, I implore you. Let me work with you on this. Let’s focus on the dreams. You can tell me everything you remember. Start as much as you can with the first dream that was, as you say, a vision – ‘as real as this evening,’ I believe you put it before. I will record everything you say. We can even try hypnosis. It may help bring them out more entirely. When we have all the dreams arranged the record should show a pattern of content and proximity to real life events as you have experienced them. I don’t doubt that the dreams are your innermost self trying to help you heal from the enormous trauma you have experienced.”
“What ‘enormous trauma’, Doc?”
“Why, the tragic loss of Karen, your wife, of course. And that on top of your grandson, and the ongoing troubled life of your son, the ex-Marine. And then your career hasn’t exactly spared you from seeing some pretty horrific things, first in Viet Nam, and later as a police officer. Then there is the loss of your religious faith. This is just an overview of what I know intimately about you, Gil. That is more trauma than a normal person can experience without serious aftershocks. It isn’t called post traumatic stress disorder without reason. I believe the tragedy of Karen’s death triggered it and opened the past up. Everything you suppressed for years is now overwhelming you.”
Gilford Clover actually laughed out loud. “You shrinks just have to have it all bottled and sealed, don’t you? What’s the matter, Doc, is the world too scary? I’ve seen and done things in other places and times that make my life in the here-and-now seem like a stroll on the beach.”
“What you say doesn’t change a thing,” Sternheisel insisted. “In fact, it reinforces what I am telling you. Your dreams show you other lives and other experiences where you had far worse challenges to overcome than those that you face in this life. And by minimizing your challenges through comparison, your mind is attempting to make the trauma in your life easier to bear.  You can see that.”
“I have already been over this with myself,” Clover said. “Only a loony would want to attach importance to dreams over the waking world. So of course I have dismissed the dreams as some kind of fancy going on, for whatever reason. Instead of diminishing, the dreams increase.”
“That is because you are not dealing with the core trouble. You are in denial. Saying that everything is alright when something is eating you up inside. And if I was a gambling man, I would bet that it is an unquenched anger toward God. You feel abandoned by God.”
“Doc, you are a lulu. I’m going to sit here if it takes all night, and it probably will. And I am going to tell you about myself, starting with the current me in space-time that is called Gilford Clover. Then I have a few other stories that ought to curl your hair. If after that you are sure I am whacko, then I will consider your advice. But if by then you are compelled to entertain a notion that I just might be right, you’ll sign me off as cured and fit for duty.”
“I am tired and want to go to bed,” objected the doctor. “Or have you forgotten that you kidnapped me at gunpoint and made me bring you up here?”
“So I can’t be out of patience after nearly three years of so-called therapy? You weren’t listening. Now you are. You and especially the shrinks before you were going through the routine, expecting me to fit some kind of criteria so that you could button-hole me, get me doped up on anti-depressants and maybe sent back to some kind of half-assed job pushing papers around. No. You either listen now, or I am literally going to cut my ties with this round of being there, and I will take you with me.”
“I have always listened to you, Gil. And that kind of talk isn’t going to impress me with your mental health. I see before me a man who is obviously depressed and experiencing some kind of exotic sleep disorder. I am confident that that’s all this is.”
“Are you going to listen to me?”
“I am going home. I’ll drop you off at your place. Then later I will listen to you.” Sternheisel got slowly to his feet and turned toward the RX8.
Clover reached over and picked up the pistol and pointed it at Sternheisel’s car. He shot the windshield out with a single round. To Sternheisel it seemed like the bullet must have passed through his own body to reach the glass. As the initial shock died, he literally felt himself over expecting an exit wound.
“No escape for you, Doc,” said Clover. “Time to listen. It’s what you’re paid to do. I’m going to make you earn your keep.”
Possible responses came into the doctor’s mind, like a drop-down list. He opted to say nothing at all and simply stood there looking at his wounded sports car, waiting.
“As I was saying,” Clover began again, “the memory of me giving Tommie Connor my poem is what started to convince me that these are actual memories and not just vivid dreams.”
Sternheisel turned and faced the man on the rock with the gun.
“Let’s stop right there and look for a moment at the implication of what you just said.” Sternheisel was breathing deeply as if in combat and he was suddenly angry again. “You had this dream where you saw yourself as a veteran of the Civil War, and you, the veteran, recited a poem. And this, this Tommie Connor, wrote it down and gave it a title for the first time. And this supposedly happened sometime before that spaghetti western came out in the 60’s. Are we together on this so far?”
“Sure, Doc, you’ve been paying attention. Good for you.”
“Answer me this: how could you be Gilford Clover the 20th century cop, and Gilford Clover the Civil War veteran poet, at the same dammed time!”
“You were listening but you missed the space-time part, evidently.”
“What are you talking about!”
“You don’t understand because you are still looking at existence from your logic of circular reasoning. You think that because the 19th century me was long in my grave, that it is impossible for that me to enter my head in the life I am living now and show me things that happened in a different life.”
“That’s because it IS impossible, Gil! It was only a dream. You never met Tommie Connor. You didn’t give him the poem. You heard it or read it somewhere, sometime, and in your dream world you matched everything up.”
“Except that I awoke with the entire poem in my head. And I had never heard the whole thing before. I never memorized it, because I am the man who wrote it in the first place.”
“You THINK that you never heard it before you dreamed it. Memory is a flakey phenomenon, Gilford. Don’t confuse bad memory with junk metaphysics!”
“The trouble with this conversation is that I have knowledge and insight that you haven’t a clue even exists. It must be impossible to convince anyone locked in circular logic that the truth governing Existence is vastly more wonderful and complex than a simple timeline on one planet that its people glibly refer to as real history. Even if I could get you to believe that much, you would still refuse to accept that most of us go through many lives. We are born and die, again and again.”
“Reincarnation is a false doctrine, Gil! Joseph Smith might have thought about it but he obviously didn’t teach it because this life is enough. We don’t need to go through mortality again and again and again. The revelations clearly teach us that THIS life is the one and only time we get to prepare to meet God. People are not reborn in this world. Accept that. It is truth. If you can accept it, then you will begin to see the delusion that your healing mind is wading through.”
“Listen, Doc, you are right. No one is reborn to ‘this life’ or to this world. That’s because each rebirth is more like a dream-within-a-dream. Each dip into mortality is effectively, literally, a separate world or dimension. The other men we are exist entirely separated from each other in entirely separated egocentric universes!”
“But why? What is the point?”
“Because most of us are slow learners. We just don’t get it.”
“Get what?”
“If I knew the answer to that, I would already be done with this world and we would not be having this conversation. But as I already said, it has something to do with joy.”
“Getting through to you is going to be impossible,” Sternheisel fumed. “I point out a logical fallacy to your construct, and you slither out from under the inescapable weight of that fallacy and make ANYTHING possible!”
“That’s because anything is possible, Doc.”
“People can’t live together in ordered harmony if ANYTHING is possible!” Sternheisel practically screamed the words. “That is chaos! That is HELL! God is not the author of confusion! You believe lies that confuse you from seeing the simple truth.”
“Au Contraire,” Clover waved the pistol airily. “What I see simplifies everything enormously. For one thing, it takes all religions and makes them into one manmade potpourri. And it takes all of space-time and puts it where it originated: in the singular NOW that God is. There is no space-time, Doc. It is all illusion, no more than a tool. The universe we see is an apparition. Time, as Einstein said, is necessary only to keep everything from happening at once, within the apparition.
“And while all of this is going on it is part of only a single exile from The Home World, or heaven, whathaveyou. So in reality the doctrine of only one life to prepare to meet God is true. It’s just that the Mormon version is misleading in its simplistic insistence that this life, this dream on earth, is the only mortality we ever undergo.
“The key to understanding all of this begins with a simple concept: A finite brain cannot possibly comprehend an infinite Existence. It is not possible for a finite imagination to come up with something impossible, or rather, something that hasn’t already been thought of by God. And if God has thought it, then it is done.”
“That’s ridiculous,” Sternheisel insisted. “I can make a long list of impossible things right here and now.”
“No you can’t. All you can do is list things that you personally have no knowledge of. Just because you can imagine something that this universe hasn’t seen doesn’t mean that God hasn’t done it somewhere in the multiverse.”
Silence. The analyst sighed, shivered again and looked around at the grey trees and mountains under the moonlight.
“Are you through? Can I go now?”
“Like I said,” Clover repeated, “after I am through you can decide if I get my certified sanity back. That’s the only reason why I dragged you into this in the first place. I need your signature. If you are ready to do that now, then we are done.”
“I can’t do that.”
Clover shrugged and sat down on his rock again.
Sternheisel said: “You could have been craftier, and just given all the right answers during therapy. You obviously know how to do that.”
“Oh, Doc, for shame. You are telling me I should lie to get what I want.”
“Compared to this, lying would be the better, the smarter, option!”
“So I am not lying now?”
“I didn’t say that!”
“So I should choose my lies more wisely.”
“Something like that. Life isn’t simple, Gilford. We have to weave through it. Anyone who tries to walk a straight line will be broken.”
“You can lie for the Lord, Doctor Sternheisel. Gilford Clover loves the truth, no matter how big, hard or apparently bizarre it is, only the truth, even if it kills me.”
“If you push this world view of yours on the rest of the world, Gilford, it will have your head on a platter.”
“I only have to tell you. I only have to convince you,” Clover said simply. “Certify me and I can get back to work. I’ll even pay extra for damages.” He grinned and waved the handgun at the gaping windscreen.
ONE
The first thing I should address, that you seem totally mistaken about me, is my marriage with Karen. In a way I am relieved that she is gone from my life. I miss the things that she did to pretty up the place, especially her touches in the yard. But since the kids all grew up she hardly knew what to do with herself and was getting to be quite the whiner about going places. It seemed like every-second weekend she was off to visit her sister or her ancient father in California. And when she wasn’t getting in a travel-fix she was regularly hitting me up to go places I had (and have) no interest in whatsoever. So she took to traveling alone. And she would come back with all kinds of pictures and video clips of the boat rides, the bus rides, the tours, and play them back on the TV and put me fairly to sleep with them all. Any excuse, like a distant cousin, aunt or long ago friend’s spouse dying, and off she went again to the funeral or whathaveyou; just to get away from the house – and from me, if you really must know.
There was never on God’s earth a more determined woman to have a successful marriage. Too bad she got me, huh? Oh well.
When she didn’t call home for three days straight, I knew something was up. Karen was always good about checking in; letting me know she was missing me and to exchange news. There wasn’t usually much to talk about and the calls were halting exercises in trying to say something that would get her talking and let me off the hook. But at least I knew where she was and what she was doing, wherever she happened to be that week. The last person I knew that she had been with was her cousin Brenda in Phoenix, whose mom had died not too many months before. They had been riding around seeing the sites (that’s a joke with me: what on God’s green earth would anyone want to see in a desert?).  The trouble was that I hadn’t bothered to take down Brenda’s phone number, so when Karen hadn’t called home in three whole days, and she was due back in another two, I got concerned. A search through Karen’s chaotic phone numbering system finally dug up a 3x5 card with Brenda’s name on it and a patchwork of notations scribbled out, addresses and phone numbers over-written and dating back probably at least twenty years. It took a while for my confused eyes to find what looked like a comparatively recent cell phone number crammed into one corner. I called that and got what sounded like Brenda’s answering service. I left an unconcerned-sounding query as to Karen’s whereabouts. And that started the search. The Phoenix cops were talking to me that evening. And over the next two weeks they and the cops in Las Vegas communicated together and with me. And finally they found Karen’s naked body half exposed in a sand dune about ten minutes drive south of Las Vegas.  Actually the cops didn’t find it. Her body was discovered by some kids cavorting on ATVs. How she had ended up there hasn’t been determined. The last anyone saw of my wife was some tourists that thought they remembered her, or a woman who fit Karen’s description, on their Phoenix tour bus. She would have returned to her hotel that evening (she wasn’t staying with Brenda, because she doesn’t like putting up house guests), but she never turned up there. Checking her phone calls revealed that she had been talking with another cousin who lives in Las Vegas. And so it looks like Karen was planning, perhaps, to come home by way of a side trip to see more relatives. That would just be a coincidence with the discovery of her body south of Las Vegas, however, because she never made it back to her hotel room. Between getting off the tour bus and her hotel she just disappeared. Her rental car was found in the parking lot of a supermarket several miles out of the way. So the assumption is that as Karen was getting into her car somebody compelled her somehow to take them to where they had a vehicle waiting, and they went to Las Vegas. If it was your common serial predator, I can see how he would have done it: he would have left his van in the parking lot (they usually use vans, these human-shaped creatures), then taken a bus back to the touring bus parking lot. He was on the prowl for vulnerable marks like my wife. No doubt he was already prepared by breaking into her car while she was out with the tour group. When she would have come back to her car, the predator was already either inside or leaped inside through the unlocked passenger door as she was starting to back out. He evidently made her drive to where he raped her: then he probably knocked her out with some drug and returned to where his van was sitting. In the dark he moved her to the van and headed west. The autopsy showed that she had probably been dead for the two weeks that she had gone missing. So at least I don’t have to live with the memory that Karen was repeatedly raped and terrorized for all that time. Her final agony was comparatively brief, as such things go. The predator, whoever he is, wouldn’t have gotten much satisfaction out of my wife. Once she knew that her fate was rape, she would have done everything in her power to escape or make her captor kill her. Hell, she might have even already been dead when he left Phoenix, and he drove around with her body until he felt safe enough to get rid of it.
So that is that. She’s gone. I would have chosen any number of less nasty ways for her to leave me but we don’t get to choose those kinds of things. In a way it was better than my worst-case scenario: me, watching her go slowly to cancer or some other consumption, or having her end up in some nursing home with her mind gone. I’ve seen both ways of dying often enough to dread that more than being raped and murdered.
Our son Bradford doesn’t see his mother’s death my way. He’s still fecklessly searching for her killer. The fact that I won’t play his game has made us even more distant from each other. But he was always more altruistic than me. I didn’t try and talk him out of signing up with the Marines. But I also let him know that Viet Nam had not been a good adventure in my life. He made his choice and experienced the life-changing exposure to combat in Iraq. We don’t talk about what we’ve seen much. Only once, he told me how an admired officer in his platoon had died before his eyes to an insurgent sniper’s bullet. And he had comrades get maimed and killed by roadside bombs through their Humvees. Brad has issues with the Government’s economy deciding to put ineffective armor on light combat vehicles. My son came home with a whole skin, but of course a changed man in invisible ways. The loss of his mother has been worse on him than any combat ever could be. And his father’s apparent lack of concern over finding and bringing her killer to justice has lowered me in Brad’s esteem enormously.
What Brad doesn’t understand is that justice is a timeless force. Comeupance doesn’t consider space or time limitations. I know that if I thrash around angsting over who Karen’s murderer is, and trying to catch him, that my sanity (such as it is) will suffer a fatal hit. So I let unknowns take their course. I know that I will cross paths with the lowlife that did this to her, to us, and when we do, that will be my moment. Trying to get Brad to see that is not something I know how to do. So he tortures himself with his quest and neglects living. I suppose that if he tried to ignore this drive for revenge that he would just fall back into his old habits, which are just a slow form of suicide. So perhaps having his mother’s killer on the loose, and Brad as the avenger looking for his spore, is giving Brad’s Existence meaning right now. I pray for him constantly.
TWO
Losing my wife was a terrible blow. But that final blow came many years after an equally serious blow: the realization that I had married the wrong woman after all. Of course, I never intimated in conscious ways that I felt this way. That would have been dishonorable, not to mention unkind.
Tolkien said in a letter to his son Michael that most marriages are mistakes, in the sense that looking back, after many years of being married, most people could see others that would have been more suitable mates (if being happier means being more suited to each other). And that has certainly been true in my case. But if Karen never knew this for a fact, nevertheless I am sure that she felt this from me. You can’t conceal such feelings very well as the years pass and you age together. As I said, I am relieved in a way that she is gone so quickly.
So let’s raise a glass sometime to the concept of late marriage: when a man is, as Tolkien believed, finally wise enough to be able to pick someone who matches, or at least suits, himself.
In my case, if I ever remarry at all, it will be for sex as the primary consideration. Anyone I find sexually attractive, between 20 and not out of her 60’s, will do!
So, many years ago, the blow fell upon my equanimity with married life when I made the discovery that I ought to have either remained single or married someone else.
But in all my years I have never seen another woman, be she ever so beautiful, who fitted this incomplete concept of who my soul-mate should be. As I said, something is missing from this life, and the soul-mate is only part of that. But I do still keep looking and wondering. Now maybe I will do more serious looking with finding my soul-mate in mind. And she will love sex, among other things.
The loss of my wife was the final loss, the closing of the door. It did come as a shock, but the shocking quality passed quickly. (I didn’t act shocked or dismayed, and that is what continues to offend Brad.)
I suppose I gave you quite a shock, getting you up here in the night to listen to my saga however it happens to come out. It really isn’t my fault if this shock turns into a blow, or even if it results in the ultimate blow. I promise you this, Doc: if I end up killing you, I won’t survive you. Just turn around and I’ll be there right behind you as you exit this stupid world!
Anyway, life is composed of a series of such blows, until the final blow takes us out of here. Usually the final blow isn’t so deliberately contemplated. But as I say, this situation isn’t my fault. I didn’t set up this world the way it is, and I don’t take the slightest responsibility for my feelings, but I do accept responsibility for my actions. So don’t despair. The irreversible quality of death weighs seriously with me.
As I said, life is composed of a series of blows. The total weight of these blows is what wears us down until if we live long enough death is a relief. Medical research is always on the quest to discover what kills us. But it is so far off the track of the real reason that I have no confidence in the true cause of death being admitted, much less addressed with science. After all, how can you medicate against despair and weariness with living? Depression is just a natural reaction to receiving blows. There isn’t anything physically wrong with anyone who gets depressed.
Most people take a fair amount of wearing down, sort of like, “death by a thousand cuts.” Some of us are weak this way. And we call them clinically depressed or by similar euphemisms, to avoid admitting that life’s blows are something that science should not medicate for. So a few people are suicidal at a very early age, or become so after only a few serious blows. You could call such a person’s demise “death by a couple of dozen cuts”, I suppose. Ha, ha.
And as for me, I am quite ready to go tonight. But I am not suicidal. If I used this pistol on myself it would be only after I had determined an overarching reason why I should. That reason is bound up in my concept of purpose.
For virtually my entire life I have faced the dilemma of defining purpose. You could say that my failure to arrive at an overarching purpose for everything lies at the root of my problem with existence in the first place. (That phrase, by the way, is one of my favorite “wonderful names of God”, “Existence in the first place”.)
The purpose of these visions of my other lives and selves is what intrigues me. Surely these visions are not just mere dreams under grief and stress. I don’t feel any grief (well, other than the general grieving I have been doing since I was a little boy and experienced my first disappointment – and ever since I have grieved at being trapped into living in a world that most of the time feels strange, incomplete and even alien). And I don’t feel any stress beyond having to deal with fools everywhere. So, there is no cause for these clinical dreams that you are so insistent upon. As I already told you, the dreams started a long time before the more serious and noticeable blows in my life. And if the visions of my other lives and other selves have some purpose, some significance to my Existence right now, then I had better carefully consider what this means. This is not a time to act rashly. Right now, my working hypothesis, about why I am seeing visions, is because my real self – the complete I – is communicating to this I important information so that I won’t waste this life by doing something really stupid. Maybe I am getting close to discovering something very needful. Perhaps something that I have been searching for the answer to for a very long time. And this time around I am about to understand or discover what that something is. And the visions are somehow part of that, maybe serving as reminders of what I already know as the complete I am, but not while I am dreaming myself here.
Because you see, it seems obvious to me that this mortality stuff is merely what we do while we must. And it ends as soon as we understand what Existence in the first place is for, or about. Some of us are slow learners (I probably am one of those), and we have to go at it again and again and again, until we finally get it: whatever IT is.
THREE
If we have an ultimate purpose it must have something intrinsically to do with joy, or at least satisfaction. Without one you cannot possibly have the other.
I would be satisfied, I think, with satisfaction. I could rest for eternity in such a state. I feel very complete and smug on those rare occasions when feeling satisfied with something. Of course, if I am an infinite being, my satisfaction must also be infinite, or else I would certainly go mad and destroy the world around me.
As a small child, I encountered disappointment with things. Everything I received, that I thought I wanted, turned to paste, usually sooner than later. The flaw, the imperfection, in the toy or object of desire, was always noticeable either at once or very soon after I finally took possession of it.
My friends never shared my concept of fun. And trying to coach them into playing the way I wanted to play only turned into frustration for both of us and usually a broken relationship. A few friends growing up went along with my coaching, my rules (although I never thought of my demands that way). But they still never understood what I was getting at.
What I wanted above all other things, when playing at make-believe, was realism. Fantasy was the least interesting thing to me. I always sneered at fairy tales with talking animals (especially Disney cartoons and their copycats) and impossible features that did not exist in the real world (Saturday morning cartoons excepted, because farce is always acceptable, especially to the very young). Adult-world things were what I wanted to understand and emulate more than anything else. Thus I was never interested in adult sports, but I was always interested in weapons and shooting and fighting subjects. Playing “army” or any other game of hunting and killing was what I loved above any other activity. 
The earliest blow, therefore, was even before I started into public school. My toys had already begun to no longer interest me. And each new one held my genuine affection for shorter time. It was somewhat like being a junkie. Each “fix” resulted in less returns. My tricycle was at first too big for me, then after I grew into it I wanted a bicycle. The first bicycle had a headlight in the front fender which ceased to function the first week, then the early rust appeared, then the first flat tire occurred, which I had to wait for my father to fix – this led to me not wanting to ride my bike, for fear of another flat tire, and yet another prolonged waiting period before my bike could be ridden again. Then after I learned to repair my own flats the old bike was replaced with a spiffy new one, a racing three-speed, which was stolen right from our garage. I never after that had the bike that I really wanted, and finally, of course, the question of bicycles was subsumed in more pressing, grownup concerns.
Along with the earliest blow to my enjoyment of material things and activities, came the news that I would be going to school. No, “the choice is yours”, but “every child goes to school.” No questioning of it ever elicited a response from my parents beyond feckless explanation or exasperation. I dreaded the day, dreamed of how it would be the night before, and found my dreaming quite accurate. A hallway crowded with scrambling mothers and bigger kids, and everyone looking for the room with the kids’ names on the list posted beside the open doors.
During kindergarten I was given the false impression that school comprised story time, coloring time, music time, napping time and lunch time, interrupted by outside recess on a playground. My teacher was a pretty, single woman who easily took the place of a shared mother, and the year passed without event. My sole clear memory is of my two classmates on either side of me, both cute girls, whom I loved equally.
Then began the hell of, the grades.
During First Grade I ran away from school no less than three times. And the result was the same each time. My mother made sure that I was returned for further torture. Our teacher was an old grandma type of woman with bright brown eyes who brooked not the slightest amount of nonsense or lapse in attention. The constant report to my parents began with, “Gilford does not pay attention. He is always daydreaming.” And this was so for essentially the next eleven years.
My First Grade teacher was replaced by a mountain of male-hating flesh in the Second Grade. A middle-aged spinster who used any excuse she could to smack certain little boys about the head. I was a target all year, along with a couple of other “favorites” of her wrath. Often I arrived home with torn shirts with buttons missing, and some bruising on arms and occasionally my face. My mother assumed that it was playground attrition, and I knew that no help would come from her. She was the one who had returned me to this gulag and there was no escape. The fault, if my Second Grade teacher was called to account, would end up being all mine. And I would suffer the worse for it. So I said nothing and kept as low as possible.
One bright moment shines from that year. A day I was taken by her down to the principal’s office and commanded to crow as I had been doing not five minutes before when she had been out of the room briefly – a genuine case of “when the cat’s away the mice will play”, and she had walked in on me standing on my chair and baying like a wolf. But I refused to make a sound for the principal, or answer any questions, and so nothing was done. “Take him back to class,” he sighed (it was his last year). All the way back to the classroom she stomped the tile floors behind me with her spiked high heels and I could hear her angry breathing and feel her eyes like daggers poised over my back. But I had gotten away with making her look ineffectual and something very satisfying settled into my gut over that. There was a smile on my face, all the more because I knew she could not see it.
Third Grade was another hiatus, almost pleasant. My teacher was a young, beautiful woman that I adored. There was something of the “Daisy Mae” about her, but properly dressed of course, and unfortunately she had a short, business-like hair do. I adored Daisy Mae, from the Lil’ Abner cartoon strip in the daily paper; and Moonbeam McSwine was even more entrancing, with her foaming black hair, corncob pipe and patches of grime on her face, arms and legs. I day-dreamed my teacher dressed like Daisy Mae. And one day, during a drawing-coloring session, I found myself doing a full crayon rendition of a side-on Daisy Mae, sitting on the bank of some stream or pond and dipping her big toe seductively in the water. The girls at my table began to giggle, and the distraction brought my teacher over to see what was up. She said, “Oh my!” and walked off after giving me the strangest penetrating look. I was beet red and even more distressed, if possible, than the day I had unthinkingly called her “Mom”, and she had looked down at me with a grin and said, “Yes, Son?”
It was the year that I had discovered that I could draw, thus the picture of the sexy girl sitting on the flower-studded grass by the water. My estimation of myself rose just enough to keep me from being crushed utterly in the Fourth Grade. And so Third Grade passed away as if in a dream.
I had not known true hell until the Fourth Grade. My teacher was a gentle, humorous man who felt sorry for me. I reckon he spotted my problem right away and cut me a lot of slack when my grades were soon non-existent and remained so for effectively the entire year.
The cause of my ineffectual schooling was my first terrible romantic attachment. The girl resembled Nancy Kwan. And I was smitten with a worship that has never been repeated or equaled.
It was, as it turned out, poison to my very consciousness, to ever return there again. And I am referring to the genetic propensity of the male of our species of feeling chivalry toward women, especially the worshipped object of our hopelessly profound, romantic love.
I will call the girl Nancy, for the similarity in appearance to the actress was what sparked my infatuation and fed my pain. You might never have known such a female in your life, Doc. But I tell you, this child was never a little girl, but rather a vixen from the old legends. She played boys, yes, even as young as we were. She played my cousin because by doing so she caused me pain. Nancy never liked my cousin other than as a willing object of her amusement.
Children at that age, of course, are not usually physically developed enough (especially boys) to engage in sex outright. But that doesn’t stop them, if they are inclined, from being nasty. My cousin was a willing pupil. And I knew that Nancy was playing footsy under the classroom table because she preferred Ben over me. Actually she was doing it not only because she could arouse him, but because her attention on him while ignoring me caused me pain.
The school year passed in a series of ups and downs much like this: Nancy stopped treating me badly, turned on the smiling attention, made me think that we were boyfriend and girlfriend, even called me on the phone, then, dumped me cold.  On the playground at school she would get me away somewhere to talk, then slap my face and kick my shins and sashay off. I would be in agony. The angelic face and half-woman body would heap scorn on my adoration and spurn my devotion and worship.
One day, after a vain attempt to “win” her back with some gift and flattering words, she had been particularly harsh in her rejection. I found myself awakened that night from troubled sleep and weeping uncontrollably. My vitals felt violated by a deep anguish that I had no name for. An actual, physical wrenching deep down like cramps. Finally I could take it no more and went to my parents’ room and my mother held me while I poured out my broken heart, and between heaving sobs, got out something like this: “I don’t know what to do. I just want her to like me. I do everything nice I can and she’s so mean. She says terrible things and calls me names and kicks me and slaps my face. And she plays with Ben and he doesn’t even care about her like I do. Why can’t she see? Why does she hate me when I only want her to love me?” and etcetera.
I don’t recall much more than that, except three unconnected events. The first was my teacher coming to me and quietly offering that if I would improve in some class work, he would move me next to Nancy as a reward. I was both tempted and shocked that he even knew I liked her that openly. Then sometime after the agonizing night of tears in my mother’s arms, Nancy was staying late after school for some reason, and she was playful and had me running after her all over the school’s front lawn. At one point she paused and did the “come hither” signal with her index finger and backed into the bushes that grew along the front of the school. I felt a dreadful thrill course through my whole body as I hesitantly followed her into the shadows. Compared to the daylight it was almost dark under the foliage. She had her back to the wall and was leaning toward my approach, slowly licking her lips with a kind of black, wide-eyed hunger, leering more than smiling. Her face scared me half out of my wits for some inconceivable reason, and I turned and ran out laughing hysterically and rolled on the lawn as if continuing the tag game. I am sure I was a terrible disappointment to Nancy. Somehow I had managed to escape the next insidious level of her emotional entrapment game. The last memory of her I have is of a day very near the end of the school year. The teachers had all of the classes out on the grounds, lined up from one edge of the yard to the other and advancing, picking up all the trash from north to south. Nancy made a coquettish show of sashaying around with the refuse she daintily collected and throwing it down right next to my own contributions. I was of course still incapable of ignoring her, but somehow I was seeing through, at last, the display of false innocence and friendly attention. She had burned me too long and too often. I was incapacitated emotionally and could not respond anymore.
That summer was the longest of my life, as I looked forward to the day when school would resume. How perverse is that, to an almost eleven year-old boy!
On the first day of school I went to the Fifth Grade rooms and searched the lists of names. With a sinking feeling I saw that Nancy’s name was not included in my class, but rather the one across the hall – with my cousin Ben no less. I was plunged into such a funk that I didn’t notice anything else for a while. When I learned that Nancy had in fact moved and would not be coming to our school at all, it seemed like the end of my reason for even being there. I suppose for the next few weeks I was like a recovering walking wounded. Time does heal, at least to the point of making one functional again.
Fifth Grade proved to be both hellish and recovery. A girl liked me before I even knew I liked her, and for that entire year she was my best, most mysterious friend – and possessed of the most sexy, white, tapered feet I have ever seen. The first time I saw them (the following summer as she visited me at our house, and we soaked our feet in the irrigation ditch that ran the width of our rear property line) they were so white and beautiful that I became quite speechless. “Chicken-livered girl lover”, she teased. She’d said that to me before. Once during recess, I was pushing her on the swings, and the way her buttocks filled out the sling swing was not inviting me to push there, even though that is exactly how it was. But I couldn’t do it. Instead I moved to the front and tried to push her outstretched feet, and thus appeared to be trying to get a look up her dress! She laughed hugely at that and told me to knock it off and push from behind again – on her behind, of course, even though she didn’t spell it out. Feeling beet-red, on our way back to class, I could hardly look at her smiling face and would have believed that she was deliberately trying to embarrass me, if I hadn’t known clearly that I had brought it on myself. “Chicken-livered girl lover”, she said for the first time. And she said it again, months later in the same endearing way, when I looked away in consternation from her gorgeous white feet.
Sherrisa restored my faith in the female of our species, and thus saved my life, I have no doubt of it.
The hellish aspect of the Fifth Grade was Ted, a sometime-friend from my neighborhood who turned suddenly into my personal bully for all of that year. He would taunt me with slaps to the face and pretend to want me to throw punches at him in retaliation. I never could, because he was bigger and had dark brown eyes that seemed half asleep and hid his true feelings from me. Growing up, dark brown eyes seemed inscrutable, and when combined with aggression tended to immobilize me (a big part of Nancy’s attraction, and power, had been her huge, almost black eyes – Sherrisa’s were a merry gentle brown, the opposite of inscrutable). Even with the girl looking on, I couldn’t respond to Ted’s bullying of me. Sherrisa seemed not to mind. At least she seemed to understand that my reluctance was not merely a fear of pain, but also of escalation.
This I didn’t even see in myself until years later: that violence was abhorrent to me, ironically so, since my favorite games all simulated hunting and killing.
And the reason why violence is abhorrent is because I do it so thoroughly well when it is thoughtless. But if there is one constant about me in this life, it is that I over-think everything. The visions of my other lives indicate that this has not typically been the case.
Perhaps, in this life, I was given a strong shield against physical violence, to keep me from relapsing into my natural modus operandi, which is killing what aggravates and outrages me. The contrast with myself in the here and now, compared with my other selves, is so dramatic that I suspect that very contrast lies at the cause of the visions in the first place. As I said, I am supposed to get some understanding in this life. And seeing myself other than I have been is perhaps a key part of that.
FOUR
My last year in grade school is quite a blank. I was one of “the big kids” and other than an occasional return to pestering and belittling me, Ted mostly disappeared from my existence.
I still got together with Sherrisa occasionally for the next couple of years. But her family moving away to another part of town after the Fifth Grade distanced us geographically and finally utterly.
 I liked my teacher well enough. She was pretty, married and very competent and unemotional. We got along well and I did the best work of my schooling so far: and for some years to come, it turned out.
Junior High school was the most hellish three years of my life. Like a long, dark tunnel of clamorous confusion. We were all confused. Young teens, approaching puberty and in the first throes of it, should not attend school at all, if scholastic advancement is the raison d'être.
I was distracted on every side by girls that I loved equally, hopelessly and silently. Mainly these fancies went undiscovered. But a couple of girls I was bold enough to approach, because Sherrisa had given me confidence sufficient to believe that girls would like me. At least the ones that mattered. Nothing ever manifested and these infatuations passed.
Ted vanished into other realms, but was replaced by John and Trent. I fought John once, a punch to the face, each, and he left me alone. But Trent was my hoodoo. Everywhere I went, even at church, he was there to physically bedevil me. In the halls at school he would come up behind me and my books would suddenly avalanche backwards from my over-burdened arm onto the floor, and there Trent would be, grinning and kicking them as far as possible, papers scattering, binder covers ripping, and etcetera. I couldn’t bring myself to attack him, so that went on for most of three years, along with my ears getting flicked from behind, my butt getting jabbed with pencils, and various verbal goading and abuse. It was all very mortifying.
Finally, by the end of the Ninth Grade, I had had enough. That summer I primed myself for combat. I envisioned myself walking the halls of the high school, and Trent coming upon me from the rear as usual, but this time instead of my ignoring him and gathering up my books and binders, I launched myself screaming and striking with every limb at my disposal. I imagined Trent being surprised and yet fighting back and beating me to a pulp, because he was larger and tougher and more willing than I am. But I didn’t care anymore about any of that. The only thing that mattered was to attack my tormentor until I could no longer attack: or, possibly but not to be expected, until Trent was subdued and begging for mercy.
But during the summer more changed than my decision to engage in battle. I didn’t realize it at the time, but I was growing. I put on almost four inches of height during those three and half months. At the beginning of the summer – and possibly this was the actual cause of my changed attitude about violence – I woke up one morning with a feeling so grand it was like an epiphany. In fact it was the defining moment of my life (this time around, anyways). I was determined to never again act in any way false. My feelings, desires and beliefs were my own, and I would never behave around others just to fit in. I was liberated from a lifetime of indecision in everything, and so it has been right up to and including this moment. When I know that I am right, nothing in this world can move me from my course. It is fixed.
And almost the first decision made with my new resolve was to pound Trent to a pulp the moment he touched me, or die trying. But it was not to be. I saw him approaching amidst the throng of other high school students on the first day back, and everything else went away except for Trent’s face as he came nearer. He took one sidelong glance up at me without meeting my eyes, smiled ever so slightly and moved on. And I seemed half a foot taller than he was. He looked small! That was the end of all that. So prepped was I that the rest of the day I was quivering still. And disappointed rather than relieved that I had been deprived of my battle. But my new resolve to be utterly honest with myself meant that I could not cause violence, only respond to it. So Trent also ceased to mingle any further in my existence.
High school was a breeze compared to the first nine years. I was no aspiring student and barely graduated. But I had good friends, a few of them girls. And I learned better how to recognize the machinations of the female.
I required one more lesson in fathoming how some women insist on being fools with their approach in dealing with men. Since Sherrisa I had not enjoyed a boyfriend-girlfriend relationship. In September of my senior year I had the fortune to attract the attention of a nubile sophomore. Bettie was athletic, a foot shorter than my lanky six feet three inches, bubbly, fun-loving and withal pretty enough. Things went along swimmingly for the rest of the year. Then, probably during Christmas break, the mother evidently advised her barely-sixteen year-old daughter to not get too serious with only one boy. Bettie turned into a player. She was never the caliber of a Nancy (who would have destroyed Bettie if they had ever crossed paths, I don’t doubt). But Bettie had her own callous way of making sure a boy saw that she was currently not interested. She would parade her affections for the other boy in public, and pull the silent treatment on the reject, me. It hadn’t been long enough since the agony of the Fourth Grade for my feelings to forget the personal insult.
During one breakup with Bettie, I got the yen to see if Sherrisa was interested in a date. I called her house with the almost forgotten phone number and her mother answered and seemed pleased. Yes, Sherrisa was out but would be home very soon, and I could come over if I liked. I drove my parent’s VW over that very evening, remembering the blond curly hair and smiling mild brown eyes, those gorgeous white feet. The distance to Sherrisa’s house was so short now, where before it had seemed like an unsupportable distance away. I wondered why we hadn’t kept in touch. But as I was talking awkwardly to her mother Sherrisa and her younger sister came home and my old flame wasn’t there in the eighteen year-old woman who was not that much shorter than I am. Back then I had a prejudice toward females who weren’t smaller than me by a noticeable margin. It was insecurity of the youth. I was skinny and felt uncomfortable around girls who weighed almost as much as I did. Sherrisa plunked herself down beside me on the couch with a laugh and we talked for a short while, arranging a double date for the next weekend. I was ready to get away. Her breath after playing volleyball was stale, and my love was more so, quite dead in fact. The singular date that followed was in my eyes a fiasco and a particular disappointment. All I could do was to think of Bettie the whole time.
I was enamored with Bettie when she was behaving herself and paying adroit attention to me. So we made up and broke up several times during the rest of the school year and into the summer. Finally I just cooled my heels elsewhere and stopped trying to get together.
She made the last move, making up with smiles as if nothing unpleasant had ever passed between us, and she promised to write often while I served with the Army. My selective service number (a euphemism of the time for “the draft”) had come up. For the first time in my life I was “at the head of the class.” There was no chance of not being drafted with the first batch.
FIVE
The basic training was not as bad as I had imagined it. Boot camp was sophomoric in the extreme, and embarrassingly visceral, but you can get adjusted to anything. I was mainly tormented because of my late acne. “Hey Clover, you need to relieve some hormonal stress in town, that’ll cure your zits!” and etcetera.
That heckling was the result of my promise to my parents that, wherever I was, I would hook up with the local Mormons. It turned out that a number of us on base were members of the Church, and we stuck together. When we went over to Viet Nam we continued to hold our own services and scripture study sessions. I was, as it turned out, better informed on doctrine and the scriptures than most of the others. But I did not believe any of it beyond speculation. Having a Mormon chaplain and a branch set up for Mormon servicemen was a convenient way to maintain growing testimonies. But the mainstream military twitted us for our conservative religious sexual mores, pushing us closer together as a result. In the place of a fulltime church mission, I found myself agreeing to proselytizing efforts among the rank and file. Some success was achieved and our Sunday school classes and sacrament meetings nearly always had some non members attending, out of curiosity mainly. A couple of guys got baptized, but I have never stayed in touch with them.
My tour ended with the end of the war. I wasn’t part of the scramble to evacuate Saigon, having been already posted back to Luzon during a rotation. Thankfully, the balance of religion and dread on patrol had come down on the side of acceptance of the world as a violent, fallen place. And memories of the dead and the maimed were mostly buried in that acceptance.
I haven’t noticed in me any particular signs of PTSD or anything similar (the terms didn’t exist back then anyway, as they were concepts still being developed). As far as I know, I never killed anybody, and only caught the merest glimpses of “the enemy” a very few times. Compared to many servicemen, I got to breeze through Viet Nam. I did see plenty of dead and wounded, however, and it was quite enough, thank you. My innate abhorrence for personal violence did not stop me from doing the job, but abhorrence did prevent me from learning (again) to enjoy it.
That, in retrospect, seems rather miraculous. I have thought since then, often, that the natural outcome of being plunged into combat ought to have resurrected all my latent tendencies to just wade in and wreak carnage without a thought. But it never happened. I was always thinking things out, trying to outflank contact, disengaging as soon as possible, and etcetera. It must have worked. I hardly think about it at all.
Bettie was true to her word. She wrote quite a few times while I was away. But the last letter I received from her before finally returning to Utah included this silly, vapid line: “Now that you are about to come home, I am not sure I want to see you.” I reread that over and over again and finally decided that I would honor her exact written words, the stupid girl!
When I got back home, I did not look Bettie up or ask anyone about her. Months passed. Then late one Sunday afternoon I answered a knock at the front door of my parents’ house, and this boy was standing uncomfortably on the porch with an over-stuffed three-ring binder in his hands. “Hi, my name is Mike,” he said, smiling lamely. “Here,” he held out the binder and I took it, “Bettie told me to give this to you.”
“What is it?” I asked.
“I don’t know,” he shrugged. “Just something that she said belongs to you.”
“Strange, I don’t remember ever having a binder like this.” I turned it over then flipped back the front cover. All was answered. It was a scrapbook of Bettie and me. She had been keeping it since high school. I knew then what was afoot. She was bullying both of us.
“Is she in the car?” I asked.
“Yeah,” he said reluctantly.
“I just want to say hi,” I said. And I strode across the lawn and went over to the driver’s side, because she was the driver (somehow that didn’t surprise me in the least, even though she had never been the driver anytime we had gone out together).
“Well, look at you two,” I said leaning down and smiling in her face as she smiled back up with one eye squinted shut against the evening sunlight (a mannerism of hers that I had always liked, even though it was affected to make herself seem casual). “I’ve thought about you quite a few times since I got back home,” I told her.
“Well, you can stop that,” said Mike, now sitting back in the passenger’s seat.
“Don’t worry, I never did more than think,” I assured him.
“Well, thanks for this,” I said without any inflection of my true meaning. (And we both know why you didn’t give it to me yourself, you little bitchling, I thought.)
“Don’t mention it,” she said smiling with her voice. “We’re getting married,” she said at once.
“Well, you two have a great life together then,” I said, and meant it. (You poor, poor sap, I thought toward Mike.)
And she drove away. The binder and all its contents I pitched into the trash without a moment’s reflection.
Not long after that I thought again of Sherrisa and called her parents’ phone (same number all those years; they were as conservative as my folks). Her mother answered the phone like last time and remembered me at once. To my enquiry she informed me that Sherrisa was getting married in a few weeks. I said I might attend the reception. But I never did.
I haven’t seen Bettie, but once, since. And that was when she was the attending nurse as my brother was recovering from an operation on his leg a couple of years later. Bettie came in and that was a surprise, but other than a quickie, “hi and how are you?” exchange, nothing was said between us. She smiled a lot, as usual. I was not interested if she was still married or not. Turns out she was. But I only learned this a few years later, when my wife was in the hospital with our first son, Stanford, and Nurse Bettie found out that Karen was my wife (from the names on the records and asking questions). Karen told me that she had met my old high school girlfriend. “Bettie said to say ‘hi’ and that we ought to double-date with her and Mike sometime, go dancing or something,” she said. And my response was less than polite.
SIX
My church exposure away from home had given me the foundations of a testimony. Our upbringing had familiarized my siblings and me with scripture stories and the basic doctrines of the church, which I had used to reasonable effect once I was out on my own. But praying out loud still seemed artificial and unnecessary. God could surely read my thoughts, and the scriptures said so. Why bother praying aloud? And why pray in public? But I was by then thoroughly accustomed to it. It was traditional. I had returned more ready to be obedient to the way the church did things, and we would see what happened from there.
Things went along swimmingly for the next few years. I first went to college in commercial art then got a fulltime job and started a savings account. I dated fecklessly, falling in love thoroughly with only one girl, who used my serious attentions to goad her real, her long-time, boyfriend into popping the question. I attended a church singles ward and met my wife there, although at first neither of us was attracted to each other.
The timing was according to fate. My latest efforts at finding a girl to marry had resulted in three complete failures in a row, and I was utterly determined to immerse myself in my hobbies and never date again unless the girl asked me out first. And that is how I ended up getting married. Karen was serving on the church magazine subscription committee, and I was her “family home evening group leader” (an unofficial leader, always a boy, of an unofficial organization popular inside singles wards). She felt justified in calling me for help on the magazine drive, and also she wanted to know about the “last Saturday night dance”, which I had never even heard of. Turned out that she had and wanted to go, and why wouldn’t I be delighted to take her to it? I gulped on the phone and muttered something about liking movies more. And she said, “Fine we’ll do both.” And we did. We stayed up till all hours talking. Then I invited her to Sunday dinner at my folks’ house. Then more dates followed until she told me she would like to be my girlfriend and go steady. I saw no reason to put up objections. She was easy on the eyes and quite lively. By then I wasn’t feeling picky anymore about looks so much. And you know that Karen always took good care of herself, getting better looking for her age group as she got older. Anyway, aside from a very brief spell of disaffection, when Karen got cold feet and started acting flirtatious with every boy in the room, while I seemed invisible, our relationship went along fine and we were married three and a half months after our first date.
I was, down the list, pretty much what Karen was looking for in a husband: active in the Church, with a testimony (she knew this because I prayed sincerely), not bad looking (once you took the acne away, which marriage seemed to do at once where tetracycline had not), and I wanted a large family too. Over the years we had a total of nine children, all healthy and all adventurous as hell – and yes, that’s an insane number by today’s standards! If you want a source of stress, Doc, it’s the horde of kids I had with that woman. Karen’s definition of “large family” wasn’t the same as mine. Every one of them beyond four was her idea. Pregnancy, motherhood, isn’t a man’s province, and so I acquiesced every time that Karen said, “We’re not done yet.”
On the other hand, Karen was not my type, physically, in just about every way you figure it. And other than being a devoted mother and wife, her personality wasn’t in synch with mine much at all. I suppose women and men naturally are often alien in our thinking to each other. But I really feel that Karen’s and my thoughts were further apart than most. Many marriages share similar interests and hobbies, and therefore meet along shared lines. In my case, almost nothing she liked did I like, and visa versa of course. I enjoyed my hobbies alone over the years with a few old friends until they moved away or died on me.
Nothing has stepped in to replace old interests. Everything is jejune and moribund by now, maybe especially family demands on my time. Long before Karen was taken away, I had ceased to find joy in what most men profess to value most in later life: the accomplishments of children and the arrival of grandchildren. I don’t have it in me to feel pride in what my children do well, and on the other hand I don’t feel responsible for the bad things they have done (thankfully few in number, but hey, it wouldn’t matter either way. Children are born with an inalienable right to become a disappointment to their parents. Mine have mostly been inconspicuous by the absence of anything noteworthy at all, which suits me just fine).
Anyway, life in the family way proceeded apace. The children arrived. We moved into our house where we raised them all, mainly because my desire to not be uprooted was stronger than Karen’s desire to move back to balmy California. And I served in our local church in various callings, but nothing very demanding or prestigious. That too suited me just fine. I have never liked notoriety. And the lack of that made my backing out later much easier.
Along the way I tried the police academy entrance test and qualified, barely just. And that has been my mode of making a living for the last twenty-seven or so years, up until three years ago anyway. I detest desk work and only tolerate my job in a patrol car. Motorcycles are an insane added risk, in my estimation, so I never went there. Also, I don’t get along with dogs, so the K9 outfits were always another opportunity that I never pursued. I don’t really have much to account for in my job: it has all been small-town cop, no adventures worth the mention, and I haven’t ever pulled my sidearm in anger. You find that surprising, Doc. That amuses me. Yeah, you’re the only man to see the muzzle of my weapon. Feel privileged! The worst sights I have seen during my career have been at the scenes of the inevitable auto accidents. Some are truly as horrific as the ruin of war, but you get inured to it after a while. It’s just what to expect when human flesh collides with hard surfaces in excess of a combined 100 mph.
Blame it on midlife crisis, or whathaveyou, but the as-yet unresolved question about purpose really began after my wife stopped having children. Everything changed.
In the first place, the last child, a daughter, nearly killed her mother. Preeclampsia blew the placenta off the uterus and was suffocating our baby girl, all the while filling my wife’s body with toxins that ended up causing internal bleeding and shutting down her kidneys. Cecilia was born almost two months premature and was taken Caesarean. It was the only birth that I was not in on. The nurse told me shortly after the emergency delivery that our daughter had minutes, maybe only seconds to spare before the cut off circulation would have left her brain damaged. So that was a heck of a bullet we dodged that time.
The other bullet wasn’t entirely dodged. My wife was aged by that near-death experience. Her kidneys remained off-line for most of two weeks but miraculously resumed operation. Karen had less than a twenty-five percent chance of recovery even IF her kidneys came back online. There were at least two other things wrong with her that I don’t have the foggiest notion now (or at the time) what they were. Altogether they required her guts to be taken out three times and dumped on the table while the docs scurried around desperately trying to stop the internal bleeding and scouring out the bloody mess. But she pulled through, somehow, and resumed her normal life. Only with her energy and zip seriously compromised, and a bunch of years knocked out of her I am sure. If the murderer hadn’t taken her, she would have left me widowed anyway. I feel that in my gut, and had felt it coming for years. The murder was just a curveball I didn’t expect, that’s all.
Who really got nailed by that episode with Death was moi. You can’t sit on the sidelines, being “Mr. Mom” to a houseful of kids, waiting for the latest news to be bad, and come out of that with a whole skin. I expected my wife to die on me. I was resigned to it, in spite of the priesthood blessing that I had mouthed out of duty (numbness I had confused with inner peace, I see that clearly now). I hardly thought of the insanely small infant in her oxygen box at all. But even after Karen came home finally with the baby, our life was orbiting around oxygen bottles, nebulizers, monitoring her incredibly slow weight gains (punctuated with losses in weight each time she got sick), and emergency returns to the hospital for the next three years.
All the while, I was “Mr. Mom”, and Karen concentrated on being well, recovering and taking care of Cecilia. And my religious faith was eroding. This was not happening without my notice. Quite the contrary, I was pursuing answers to increasing questions about the Mormon Church and how its history related to religious history in general. Little did I know that my youngest brother was already out and had cut his ties with the Church. Unbeknownst to either of us, we had both come to the conclusion that all is not as it seems. Where in my case I was still putting more unresolved issues on back burners, my brother had decided that the Church is not only not true, but that there is not and never has been any such thing as an exclusively true organized religion. Before I would agree, I had to be disabused of a few key false notions regarding Joseph Smith.
Before I go more into that, I’ll concisely sum up the effect of raising children upon my attitude.
Being nearly killed or born brain damaged wasn’t enough for Cecilia: at about the age of three she had to pitch headfirst off our deck into the concrete basement stairwell. And she did this right before my very eyes. That’s probably the closest I have ever come to being unhinged. I charged down the deck stairs screaming at God and daring him to show me the puddle of blood and brains that I just knew had to be forming in the stairwell. Her head had fallen over seven feet! But even before I got to her, Cecilia was screaming outrageously and that was the most musical sound I had ever heard. Miraculously, her body didn’t bear a single mark of her impossible fall. I knew it then, and I know it now, that something, someone, cushioned the physics of that crash. She should have died right then. But even that wasn’t enough. At the age of nine, just two days before her tenth birthday, Cecilia tried again to exit life early by going up against a car on her bike. Her head punched in the windshield and she went momentarily blind. Two days later she was home from the University of Utah hospital and nothing was ever diagnosed as a result of that ridiculous overkill. Cecilia couldn’t be killed as a child because she was always in too much of a hurry to grow up. Her teenage years were stormy with interludes of mild weather. She moved out to live with her two older sisters the week before she graduated from high school, and continues to be an exhausting force of nature, thankfully not too closely located to my weary self!
If you multiply Cecilia by nine, you’ll get some idea of the crap that I have dealt with for the past thirty-plus years. I don’t know how any of us are expected to survive parenthood.
But at least none of our children have so far turned into serial killers, or rapists, or con artists, or are in any trouble with the law, and seem to be leading inconspicuous, normal lives – aside from a few seemingly inevitable encounters with various addictive behaviors, but what family is deprived of that? What could a reluctant parent hope for more? They are now either married or living singly wherever they are. I get told when another grandbaby comes along. And other than Stan’s second boy being taken suddenly from us with cancer, all of them seem in good health and are increasing in numbers fast enough that I can’t be bothered to keep track anymore.
SEVEN
As the children were growing up the number of times that they were brushed by death, or disappeared without a trace only to resurface independent of my efforts to track them down, increased until I was convinced that some people are just not meant to be tried by such disasters. My life (this life) has been spared such by miracles. Why me and not everyone, is something related to purpose. But I can’t answer that. (There are quite a number of other examples of miraculous preservations through the years, but I won’t embark on them.)
The miracles, as most people would call them, are what have made the difference in my believing in God. Because when you take away all the planks upholding religious faith, one of the most likely results is the death of God. I’ve seen it happen often. A person whose faith in the Church is lost also loses faith in God. And often they enter a period where they even doubt that God exists. But that never happened to me. I’ve seen too many impossible things happen to preserve my family to be able to toss them aside with a facile claim that it was all coincidence.
Too many coincidences will convince the most hidebound unbeliever that something outside the empirically observable is going on behind this life. (And I think that now I know what it is, at least partly.)
I saw this same acceptance of belief happen to my best friend’s wife. She grew up in an abusive Mormon household and left the church of her fathers a very angry young woman. My friend was Roman Catholic by upbringing, though not by religious persuasion. They raised their boys in a non religious, even in her case, an antireligious home. She was an alcoholic and fell off the wagon numerous times. Each episode was followed by a reluctant partial recovery. She was trying time and again to drink herself to death, and each time she was pronounced clinically dead she was revived. This happened at least four times, each time worse than the previous episode. The last time she had a blood-alcohol content of point-seven-five. She simply couldn’t die that way. And furthermore (and this is part of the miracle) her husband refused to leave her. Finally she said, “Maybe God is trying to tell me something.” Even admitting that there is a God to talk to was an enormous change from a lifelong attempt at atheism. Not long after that, ironically on April Fools day, she was pitched out of her Jeep when she flipped it over in the desert of southern Utah. Death was instantaneous. My friend figured that his wife coming to the realization of a personal God was what he was trying to tell her. The rest was waiting beyond death. Who knows?
My religious faith, or rather, my faith in the Mormon religion, was always intellectual. And thus, if you take away the intellectual planks holding it up the entire edifice collapses.
Increasingly, as I studied the Church’s history – striving of course to strengthen my testimony – I encountered more difficulties. The final confrontation was in two main parts.
First of all, I had read enough scientific evidence to convince me that the Bible is a manmade book and not some revelation from God. In no particular, singular or special way is it “his word.” It is a collection of (originally oral) Hebrew and borrowed stories, interlaced with the Jewish doctrinal parts and The Law. Best evidence says the Old Testament was first written down sometime in the seventh century BCE, probably during the reign of King Josiah. Before that, “Israel” and “Judah” were small (and smaller) mountain tribes precariously wedged between city states and mighty empires constantly at odds with each other. I could not deny the logic of the evidence. It answered all the main questions, whereas the belief that the Bible is literal history, and all the stories literally occurred, raises impossible questions. So I had already decided that scripture must be allegorical and imaginative rather than literal. The history that scripture contains is largely concocted to benefit the agenda of the religion promoting said-scripture. This was also going to be true of the Book of Mormon. The history that it contained must be mostly traditional not literal. That of course meant that Joseph Smith’s visions and translating gifts were providing us with a written word that was not literally, historically true!
I was increasingly in a quandary. And in that frame of mind I saw Mel Gibson’s film, “The Passion of the Christ”, and was devastated by its graphic depiction of the torture of Jesus. I could not believe that I had agreed in some preexistence to that torture, just so that I could live forever. It is the last thing that I would agree to here. So I could not believe that I, in the very presence of God, had agreed to such a “plan”. Or that God would maneuver us, in our innocent ignorance, into agreeing to such a horrible sacrifice just to make us beholden to him. My religious faith teetered on the brink of dissolution, and I shared my feelings in a family email.
My sister came back warning me that she had been having private conversations with our brother for months, and that although he concealed it from the family, he was no longer a believer, but rather was an apostate. She warned that he would probably contact me. Instead, I got in touch with my brother and we embarked on a months-long exchange of emails about the church.
The second phase in the development of my unbelief occurred then: he put me onto the book, In Sacred Loneliness, the Plural Wives of Joseph Smith. Before I had even finished the introduction, I was convinced that the church was entirely manmade, ergo all religions dogmatically organized throughout history are likewise manmade. I had been suspecting this for quite a while up to that point. And the final tipping point was rather anticlimactic. I never got angry with the church, or rather, “the Brethren”, like my brother did. I accepted that being mere humans they don’t always tell it like it is or like it was. They are guardians and must dissemble (evil-designing men don’t deserve the truth because they’ll just use it to attack the innocent, that sort of rationalizing). My brother was highly offended at any subterfuge and angered by outright lying. He won’t be back.
I never left the church while we had children living at home. Now that Karen is gone and I am on my own I rarely bother attending meetings. My neighbors have put it down that I am an incorrigible apostate, but no threat to anyone. I am left alone for the most part. My children still in the church invite me to baby blessings and baptisms, and whenever they visit (rarely enough), or I visit them (even more rarely), I make a point of attending church with them if they are going.
I tried for decades to find a testimony. While I tried, I chose to believe that Jesus Christ might actually have historically existed and done all that the New Testament said he did. Joseph Smith’s insistence that he had been personally called by Christ to set up the Mormon Church was what I based my belief in Jesus Christ upon. When that turned into only Joseph Smith’s metaphysical reality, I could see easily how he had done it and had convinced himself that his visions were literally true.
He was intensely religious. At the same time he had an understandably intense sexual love for women. The two imperatives could not coexist in his bosom, unless God commanded him to take more than one wife like the Old Testament Patriarchs. Since the justification of Joseph Smith’s religion-making was “the restitution of all things”, patriarchal marriage, or plurality of wives became the answer. At first he only came up with it for himself. But Emma Smith was not buying that, so polygamy had to stand for the Religion’s worthy elite too. By admitting others to it, even commanding them to do it (“thus saith the Lord”), Joseph Smith covered his own lust in righteousness. It is one of the main offenses that got him killed, of course. He was dandling other men’s wives.
It was the polyandry of Joseph Smith which finally nailed the lid on the coffin of my Judeo-Christian faith. Without Joseph Smith’s revelations, the entire edifice of Christianity fell to the level of mere manmade, evolving religion. There was no conceivable way that Joseph Smith’s blatant coercion of young impressionable women could be explained as revelation. His use of the concept of the eternal soul-mate was and is particularly morally offensive to me. Joseph Smith didn’t even let their marriages to other men stand in his way. He would claim passionately that he had known them from the preexistence and that they were meant for each other. That all the devils of hell could not keep them apart. Their already extant marriages could continue publically, and his marriage to them would remain a secret only before God. In at least one case, the object of his affection was well along with child to her legal husband. In other cases, the children born to his secret wives took their legal husband’s names, but could have been the progeny of Joseph Smith. One woman, on her deathbed, revealed to her daughter that her real father was “the Prophet”.
When you study the written record, the evidence is clear that Joseph Smith evolved his religion due to expediency. His first sexual impropriety was discovered by Emma in the barn, and Fanny Alger became Joseph’s first patriarchal wife. Bless her loyal, betrayed love, Emma took some serious, lengthy convincing. And in fact she always returned to the immorality of it. Her offended feelings could never, ever rest with polygamy, especially polyandry. Joseph tried to offer her that. A kind of “what’s good for the goose is good for the gander” placating of Emma’s slowly expanding outrage. Finally, in Nauvoo, she lowered the boom on her husband: either send all of the other women away from the house, and cease forthwith to meet with them, or else she would leave him. He would be served a public divorce. Of course, by late 1843 the Mormon people had become a seriously expanding concern. Joseph Smith could not contemplate Emma divorcing him. It would be the ruin of his prophetic calling. So he promised and for the next nine months, the last nine months of his life as it turned out, he apparently did not enter any more marriages, and he sent away the wives living in the Nauvoo House. He cohabited only with Emma. In the spring of 1844 he was accosted by the press on the streets of Nauvoo and accused of being immoral and unfaithful, of having half a dozen wives in secret. And Joseph said: “What a thing it is to be accused of having six wives, when I can count only one.” Perhaps this was not a lie, from the limited point of view of the preceding eight months since Emma had presented him with her threat of divorce. But he was most certainly lying to protect his recent history, the women and girls involved with his deception, and even his current intent. For it is historical fact that when he went into his final hiding, and was planning where to travel, he sent letters to two sisters who were among his more than two-dozen plural wives, inviting them to meet him at a prearranged place and thus relieve him of the burden of a lonely exile. And in the letter he warned them to not let Emma know anything about his plans. None of this took place, because he was arrested and killed in jail.
Anyone can have metaphysical experiences. But that doesn’t equate with establishing “one truth” for the entire world down the ages. So Mormonism is just the latest in a series of major religious movements, each one begun by a religious genius. None of them are “the only true and living church on the face of the whole earth in which [God] is well pleased.” But God works within them all wherever people are willing to seek him.
But also, God works outside of religions. If people someday all decide to toss religion and dogma away, God will probably have an easier job of getting through to us! That won’t happen anytime soon. The process is long, but I think I see humanity getting too big for religious dogmatism: it sustained us when civilization was embryonic, but we are outgrowing the fundamentalism – the “lying for the Lord” – that has promoted and defended the most determined religious movements throughout history.
It’s not that I disbelieve, I just don’t believe. I am not a disbeliever, I am an unbeliever. Do you get the difference? It’s not that I don’t want to believe, it’s that I can’t believe. I seldom pray aloud, as it is pointless as an expression of personal religion. It is a mere dogmatic exercise, with each form of “proper prayer” taught by each dogmatic religion. God knows all my thoughts, when I want him to, ergo my desires and every idle thought are known to him and constitute what I feel is continuous prayer. Once you are cognizant of that unseverable connection, vocal prayer becomes redundant. As Huck Finn said, “You can’t pray a lie.”
EIGHT
And now I get down to it, the visions that you insist on explaining as clinically induced dreams. Stress is the answer to every mystery in your profession. It is such a catchall kind of word, though, isn’t it? Relieving stress is the mantra to gaining inner peace. Medicate stress relief if you must. And you must, mustn’t you?
I hope you can appreciate a tad better by this point that stress isn’t the simple explanation to my trouble. And I am not insane, unless the human race is insane. Wasn’t it Kurosawa who said, “In a mad world only the mad are sane?” Yes, I think it was. So if you opt for insanity as my problem then your judgment points out your insanity, because the establishment agrees with everything you say.
I could very well be the last sane man on earth and none of the rest of you would know it. So think well and carefully, Doc, before you speak your opinion about what I am going to share next.
The first dream-vision came when I was in my mid-thirty’s. It wasn’t induced by any stress. Nor was I behaving particularly religious. My devotion, after answering duty to wife and family, was entirely to my work and free time to enjoy my hobbies. Life was going along just dandy. Then I had this experience which has remained as real as if I had been there already. Trouble with that is that it was all in the future, far away in the future at the time, but quite imminent now, if the vision was literally what is to come in this world. But that is unlikely, so the vision was probably either of another life in some other dimension, or an alternate future which has been reset by subsequent events.
You see, the way it works is that each time we sleep, the game is reset. That’s part of what causes déjà vu – the other cause is the brain dying and reliving everything with that awareness of denouement in the background. So you feel that you are experiencing something a second time or seeing it just before it empirically occurs. But really it’s just your memories replaying as you shut down.
I can see you are getting impatient with my continued use of terms that seem only part of science-fiction or fancy. But your task is to be open-minded, Doc. You might even say that your life depends on it! I am judge and jury tonight. And I am executioner as well. I will execute justice as I see fit.
Now to the visions! Some are rather complete stories in themselves, such as they are. That is to say, they are like a chapter excised and presented to my mind, complete like a short story is complete, but usually lacking any explanation as to why the settings are the way they are. I see myself but do not know how I am who I am, or why I am what I am. My Existence in the stories is just a simple fact.
Before I embark I want to reemphasize the importance of understanding that space-time is apparitional not literal and certainly not restrictive or binding on us. God established space-time in which to manifest the World. Within it, space-time that is, we move from one life to another in a seemingly strict sequential timeline. Even when returned to the place where the real, perfect and immortal I am is constantly waking and sleeping, the sequence of the lives I dream myself into seems immutable and necessary. But there is no sequence to anything outside of space-time. All Existence in the first place occupies a singular perception best explained or defined by the word NOW. And within NOW all things exist simultaneously, equally accessible and amenable to change. God rules over all of that.
So try and keep these principles in mind as I relate some of the stories illustrating the saga of my existence, my lives, my dreams-within-a-dream. And remember this also, I am nothing special in this regard, aside from my remembering, or having revealed to my mortal mind, some of the other lives I have been. You are no different, other than that you are still so asleep that you remember nothing that you don’t immediately toss away as mere dreaming. And by tossing it aside, you and everyone else who does likewise – which includes 99.9 percent of the human race – disregards the communication of God to you.

When I awoke from the dream, it was as though I awoke remembering a place and time that was already an old memory. For I saw myself as old – sixty-five seemed old to a man only c. thirty-five. The gist of the vision of my future self was disturbing. I felt that I ought to commit to a more dedicated walk in religion, now, before it was too late. If I wanted any answers to the questions that I had only desultorily contemplated in the past, but which were beginning at that time to pester me more incessantly. If I wanted to know spiritual things, then I needed to be more devoted to living my religion, and etcetera.
Ironically, it was that dream-vision which started me studying, which eventually led to my unbelief in any dogmatically organized religion at all…
THE SAGA OF VISIONS
Eclipse of Apocalypse
The risk of radiation had been declared ended. That was the only good news in weeks.
We got the latest news from the dispensary each day, if there were any news at all. Outside The Valley all was worse than broken and chaotic. Most of the violence seemed to have moved far away from us and might be diminishing. Actually it could be escalating in the sense that both sides were girding themselves for the final battle.
But the people who remained in The Valley did not concern themselves with that. We lived our daily, straitened existence in the wake of war. It had long passed us by. To increase our misery, at the height of the terror of nuclear attack and roving armies of marauders, the largest earthquake in the known geologic history of North America had flattened virtually everything, bringing down entire swathes of the Eastern Bench, which had sloughed away, dumping those once grand houses at the foot of the mountains: the epicenter of the long predicted quake had indeed been the Wasatch Fault.
The war had begun over the North Korean belligerence and had spread rapidly: like World War One,  the allies of both sides declared war on each other: no one seemed capable of refusing to comply with old promises, even though the long-prophesied Third World War was the inevitable outcome. So the Communist regime of North Korea had launched its conventional invasion of South Korea: and the defenders, backed by an elite force of American frontline units, held off the attack at first and inflicted massive casualties on their attackers. But as feared, and predicted, the North Koreans had finally cleared the defense by using nukes. The invasion rolled southward over the devastation, seemingly immune to the radiation. But behind them, North Korea ceased to exist. The Americans launched a nuclear counterstrike and wiped out the exposed infrastructure in the back areas. That’s when China finally tipped the scales and struck North America. The damage was considerable but incomplete. The response from the Americans was not incomplete. And China’s main population centers along the coast were still hotbeds of radiation. Much of Russia, which also came in on the side of China and North Korea, had been equally hit. And now Eastern Europe lay over half devastated along with the major cities of the United States and various “strategic” places dotted around the globe. That had all taken place during a frantic three months almost three years ago.
From the chaos of the nuked regions had arisen various warlords. Seizing possession of conventional arms lying about, they had taken control of territory and people and affected a standoff, for a while. Then the violence had resumed. Most of the strategic nuclear ordnance of either of the former combatants lay dormant still. Their danger loomed enormously in the minds of everyone. Either the expertise to launch was lacking, or the missiles were guarded by what remained of the respective government forces. While these recuperated and geared up for a (hopefully conventional) standoff, the warlords struggled to establish some form of alliance whereby they could topple the main belligerents before they could resume their nuclear destruction of the world.
And that’s where the situation stood. In The Valley the miserable remainder of humanity clustered around dispensaries operated by the Mormons. The passes into The Valley were guarded by the militia and a few former Government troops, cut off by the now-impassable swathes of destruction in the Midwest (where most of the missile silos happened to be buried), and the open warfare convulsing the abortive Republic of California.
So far, none of the North American warlords had turned their attention toward the relatively inaccessible Wasatch Front and its paltry resources. The Valley was indeed a backwater now, and the inhabitants, miserable enough as we were, would be grateful if it remained such.
I was living near a score or more of other homeless people along a muddy track about half a mile northwest of the Jordan River Temple (which “miraculously”, as most said, had been almost entirely spared destruction). My former home was destroyed along with most of the rest of the cities of The Valley. Some attempt had been made to determine how many of the former one and a half million people still remained. It seemed that fewer than one hundred thousand, probably closer to fifty thousand, were all that was left.
My dwelling was typical of my neighbors’ and most of the population had little better. A sod-roofed hut dug into the side of a slope, walled and floored with scraps of bare and painted wood, most of it gathered from the destroyed suburbs all around. The door was a heavy tarpaulin weighted at the corners. For warmth there was a stove that ran on propane with a steel vent pipe up through the sod. I had a decent bed, scavenged from a nearby ruin. The short outer wall facing the muddy alley held a small window salvaged from the bathroom of another shattered house.  I had a shelf of saved and acquired books that ran along the wall above my bed, and that’s where I spent the bulk of my time, year-round, reading in between bouts of nodding off.
It was mid-March, and we were awaiting the arrival of our second spring since the world had fallen apart. Last spring had transformed our alley of winter mud into a gorgeous, green row of almost attractive “Hobbit holes”, complete with spontaneous wild flowers sprouting even from the roofs of our rude dwellings. All that was lacking was a decent coat of paint and round doors to complete the illusion of deliberate architecture. Well, that and healthy-looking Hobbits. And many of us were far from healthy looking. I had a fragment of mirror that sometimes I took out from between the bed and the wall. What I saw when I held it up was a haggard middle-aged face with graying whiskers kept short (I also had a decent pair of scissors but no razor, that was asking too much of myself). Lack of appetite had made my skin rather colorless and it sagged around my eyes and neck. The beard helped soften the ravaged look. Health-wise, there wasn’t anything wrong with me that a good dose of vigorous interest in further living wouldn’t provide. I was ready to go with the dead and departed. But perversely I seemed spared for the worse fate of pointless misery and a nasty, prolonged demise.
Each day I made my slow way to the dispensary for food, medicines and news, in that order. My condition was actually no worse than most. Malnutrition had at first taken its toll but was no longer a problem. There was plenty of food remaining from the church’s emergency storage to meet the needs of so few mouths. And some of us had started farming nearby. My community effort, along with my neighbors, was to weed and irrigate several long rows of potatoes and sweet corn.
But during the interminable winter months there was nothing to do but hunker down around the stoves and eat and sleep. I slept in all the clothes I owned. A knitted wool cap, two pairs of jeans, layered socks, three long-sleeved chamois and flannel shirts. And, on particularly hellishly cold nights, a long overcoat and lined leather gloves (usually, but not always, I shucked my leather hiking boots). When the weather warmed I would doff the coat first then finally dress down to one set of clothes. During the hottest months of summer it would be shirt sleeves and hats.
My routine was interrupted in a dramatic and unexpected way. For years I had not believed in any religious dogma. To my reasoning, everything prophesied in scripture was simply man tinkering with rewriting the past and passing it off as God warning about the dire future. Furthermore, I couldn’t see any fulfillment of prophecy in what had happened. It was far too much destruction, greater than anything ever witnessed within written history. Even the Black Death of Fourteenth Century Europe was no comparison. If God was that arbitrary in taking the wicked and the righteous then I wasn’t at all interested in meeting him. What God had to say about everything that had happened already I wasn’t very interested in discovering. Spirituality to me meant harming none and keeping my anger and thoughts to myself.
So it came as quite a shock to my entire system when one morning less than a week from spring, I had a genuine experience with the Divine.
I was on my habitual way, on foot of course, toward the dispensary at the temple. My sod hut lay a short distance behind me for I had just left it. My mud-spattered coat swayed and my clogged boots advanced mechanically below my unheeding eyes. When, between one step and the next, I was suddenly transported to a realm of diffuse lights with no horizons. My lower extremities were hidden in bright mist. I stopped stock still, naturally enough. Never have I been so shocked. Because this was no dream. I felt myself all over, and in that pristine atmosphere my rank body assailed even my own nostrils.
Overhead was an intense light, and Presence. I dared not look up, fearing that face.
In an instant I saw every moment of my life before my mind’s eye. Every breath I had ever drawn was there, and the acts and thoughts powered by those countless breaths. But I didn’t only see my life through my own eyes, no! I saw myself as “God” saw me. And the dichotomy of perspectives was too much. I flinched and then willed myself into a rout – to get away from the Presence.
Nothing was said, and in a moment I felt myself abruptly pitching forward face down into the mist, which gathered me in and ceased to support my feet. My out-flung hands met only air. Down I plummeted with the air tearing loudly at my ears. Then all grew rapidly dark as I fell into a void of eternal depths. With the void closing in all sound ceased. I tumbled in vertigo and total deafness. Not even my own screaming reached me.
Terror seized my whole being and I had to force my eyes open. There was nothing to be seen, except for a single cord of light that angled down to me and entered my chest. Far above, the cord of light stretched and writhed and thinned as I fell. It became a mere thread where at first it had seemed thick as my finger. And I knew that very soon it would snap and I would be lost in the void forever.
I don’t want to be annihilated! I screamed the thought but it never left my head. Help me! I kept shrieking, but there was nothing to be heard. It was as if I had surpassed all relationship with space-time, and only the impossibly thin strand of light receding away from my chest into the blackness above gave my panicked mind any reference to something other than the Void.
A desperate thought managed to separate from the chaos of my terrified stupor. It was a name. If I could but speak the name I would stop falling away. In the last moment, so it seemed, before destruction, I saw the name take clearer focus, and I uttered it in a last plea for deliverance:
Jesus Christ, save me!
And it was enough. As if I had never left the atmosphere of light, I was on my feet in the mist, standing erect and feeling my chest where the strand of light had been attached. My whole being was filled with unspeakable Joy at being alive.
I still did not look upward. The Presence told me wordlessly that such a reunion would be mine in time yet to come.
But for now, I was to return.
As I said, between one footstep and the next I had been transported. And as my boot landed before my eyes, I was back in the muddy alley of a late winter. I stopped walking and swayed for a moment, thoroughly disoriented. Although my unwashed body still stank, it was no longer heavy with weariness. In its place was a body of inner light so profound that I knew that if I but willed it, I could separate from the earth and soar throughout the universe at any speed or to any corner of it that I desired!
What had just happened had taken a mere heartbeat of time. But not even for a second did I doubt the reality of my rebirth. For that is what it literally was. I had been “translated in the twinkling of an eye” from a gross mortal state to immortality. Why me, I had no idea. I was just eternally grateful that I had not been lost and that Jesus Christ, my Savior, had redeemed me.
The power had been in his name. I’ve never been able to tell how or why it surfaced out of all the dreadful carnage of my self-afflicted mind, but that wonderful name had come to me and in faith I had seized upon it and was saved. I consider even that act of faith a gift of Divine Grace.
There were others around me who had already undergone the same healing and rebirth. I could sense their presence and our numbers increased daily. We were for a purpose: to save those in despair.
For I could see the near future as clearly as I have recounted this event. Within the next two years the man known to the earth as YHWH, Jesus Christ, Allah, or by any other name The One God of Creation, would come to earth and heal it. During that time I was busy testifying of that blessed and imminent event, long looked for by billions, and now hardly hoped for by any mortals remaining…
Give, Said The Little Stream…
I awoke from the wonderful dream and felt an immediate sense of dreadful loss, so profound that I was already weeping with it before I could discern my surroundings in the gloam of predawn.
I sat upright at once upon my sleeping pallet, amidst my Companions who had shared in all my campaigns, my brave soldiers, my elite guard of valiant horsemen.
Rikard, the friend of my youth and my second in command was leaning toward me on one elbow.
“What ails thee, my Lord Alessandros?” he asked in a worried whisper.
I looked around the long barracks where I slept as a common soldier every night that I was not with one of my wives or concubines. It seemed an alien place for a moment. Then reality seemed to assert itself and I heaved a relieved sigh.
“Nothing is amiss, my friend,” I said. “It was but a dream – a wonderful, hopeless dream.”
“What of it?”
“I don’t wish to speak of it.”
I got to my feet and donned my robe and strode quickly past my stirring Companions to the gate and out into the last of the late morning star-shine. The moon was full over the battlements to the west. I gazed upon it as if seeing for the first time.
The tatters of the dream world remained and I could not banish the dual sight. I saw my fortress and palace as things of dross worthlessness! My life, my entire work at building a matchless realm of peace and order was the labor of a lord of flies. All seemed as pointless as fly specks on a wall.
My Companions began to emerge from the barracks doors behind me. I could feel their concern and their eyes. No one said anything yet.
“Arm yourselves. We ride in one hour!” I announced and strode toward the stables to get my horse prepared.
All was bustle then. Two hundred and fifty stalwart warriors, sons of the highest and lowest in my realm – yet the most worthy – busied themselves with their arms and warhorses. It was our work and our joy to ride and fight together. And this was to be the last campaign, maybe for the rest of our lives.
As I labored the dream tugged at the conscious edges of my mind’s eye, calling like a woman of indescribable beauty. This metaphor put me in a foul temper, reminding me of my discontent. How although the most beautiful and accomplished women of the known world were brought to me, never had I found in any of them the woman I sought for amidst the earth. That failure I had drowned to some degree in my campaigns of conquest and punishment. But the failure to find the one She among womankind had blighted my satisfaction with success.
Now there was one holdout, one province which had refused the yoke of vassalage. The war had gone on for near ten years, but I had consistently pushed them back and driven their women and children before my face to the eastern mountains that lined the seashore. Now the last of their fighting men and their families were holed up in those valleys, on the far side of a wasteland that lay between us. The rebels deemed their bastion inaccessible. But I knew their faith was in vain. No waterless wasteland could thwart my justice. Not when I had such warriors as The Companions whose joy was to do my every bidding. I was one of them and their loyalty and devotion was absolute.
Without bidding my wives and concubines or their numerous children adieu I rode away at the head of my Companion cavalry. We formed the elite lance point of ten thousands more armored horsemen.  And in the dust raised by those scores of thousands of hooves trod fully fifty thousands more soldiers of my vast empire, the finest legions of spearmen and bowmen the world had ever seen.
After two moons we arrived at the edges of the Dashtimorgo, the wastes of the dead. My rebellious vassals had braved those oven-like plains and pitiless rocks months before, fleeing from my armies then, leaving corpses drying and desiccated in the sun.
I had withdrawn to prepare this matchless host for the final conquest. And now as we continued on the road toward the eastern mountains we could see the signs of the rebels’ previous tortured retreat. A week upon that road showed us more and more shriveled horses and bodies of women and children but of few men.
It would perhaps be a desperate army of men with few family members remaining that we faced.
Something pitiful twisted in my vitals at the thought. I clenched upon the feeling and no tears started from my eyes.
My preparations had been thorough and effective. With my army came wains bearing enormous barrels of water and wine, more than enough to supply an army twice the size of ours for half a year. Yet the Dashtimorgo required a mere fortnight to traverse. What had, for centuries, always been deemed an insurmountable barrier to any large army was swept across by my faithful soldiers as if a highway through verdant watered plains had been cast before us.
I literally turned the desert into a garden where we passed. For in order to overawe my enemies and gratify my peoples’ memory of me, I used most of that water we carried to give life to the roadway. Where only sands and blasted rock had been, I left behind a garden of palms and flowering beds stretching for leagues, right up to the mouth of the pass into the mountains.
And there I found that my enemies had dammed the stream issuing from the pass. Instead of bending around the mountains to the north and flowing along their feet to the sea, the streambed was now dry and lifeless.
It would be many months yet before the stream had filled the vale behind the dam and started out the spillway. Meanwhile my army was expected to be destroyed by thirst.
But I had foreseen this. I always did. My wains left the barrels and returned with sufficient water for the beasts to gather more water and come back where I laid siege to the mountains.
So vast was my empire that my resources were effectively limitless. I bent my people’s energies upon the task of taming that wasteland to deliver up the ribbon of verdant garden that now marked the road to my final victory. It would be a monument constantly maintained no matter what the cost. I had so decreed.
Behind me as I faced the dammed pass my people toiled across the Dashtimorgo bringing life-sustaining water to my army. My engineers prepared to dismantle the dam. Our enemies massed to defend it.
And there was a great battle.
I held my Companions in reserve as usual. In the event I didn’t even require them. The rebels fought in desperation to save the last of their women and children. But while my army engaged them, the engineers went to work on the dam to pull it down and let the stream out once more.
The battle went on for many days, until the rebels were weakened so that they could no longer issue into the plain to fight, but instead must remain above in the pass and fight on that narrow front. The fighting became much reduced then and the killing slowed as a result.
I deemed that their resistance soon would collapse. And so I issued an ultimatum to the rebels: leave the mountains and return as slaves, or face the deaths of every soul. It was magnanimous of me, for they had earned death many times over by their stubborn, destructive course against my lawful rule. They had brought war where before I had established peace. They had destroyed where I had built up. And all of this they had done, claiming justification because my rule violated some assumed righteous principle vouchsafed to them by their “God”. They claimed liberty from the rule of kings, saying that only The God of Heaven was to rule over men as the King of Heaven and earth. That men ought to govern themselves together, not submit to one man as if he was God.
I never claimed to be a god, and certainly not “God”. Their issue with me was ridiculous and unjust. My power over them was proof of that.
But the dream I had had on the morning of our march to war never left me. At times I could busy myself with tactics and thoughts of the future. But ever and anon my mind would return to the world I had seen, which was so beautiful that everything I had built and strived for was the mockery of child’s play by comparison. Almost I felt to curse God for showing me such a place, for it ruined my joy. Out of duty I would continue until the rebellion was destroyed one way or another. I did not make the world the way it is and I knew my place in it. The rebels would learn theirs. But there was no satisfaction any longer. My triumph was as the taste of ashes in my mouth.
The engineers opened the stream and it broke the sides of the dam further and filled the wasteland before the pass with the pent up waters, before finally returning to the streambed and seeking the seashore.
I waited another three days for the ground to dry then prepared for the final assault. For the rebels had refused to surrender and become slaves to save their lives. It saddened and angered me, but I steeled my heart and my face became as a flint.
On the morning I had ordered for the assault I was awake before it was light. In fact I had not slept. I told Rikard to stay away from me. My Companions were to let me alone as I went forth to walk and think by myself.
The stars were like ice flakes and they moved for me because my eyes were wet and I could not prevent the tears. There was no moon for it was new and had gone to bed following the sun’s setting.
In the east, over the tops of the mountains, where the rebels stood their hopeless ground, the sky was cloudless and I could see the dawn starting there.
The stream sang of freedom once again. I stripped off my greaves and sandals and I stood with my feet bared in it for a long time until the cold waters had carried the sand over my ankles. By then the sun was lighting up the sky behind the mountains and it was dawn.
The stream danced and sang against my numbed legs where I stood almost knee-deep in the water. I looked up to where the water fell from the mouth of the pass and my eyes followed the stream as if seeing for the first time. Where the stream went life returned. The parched trees were returning to vigor and the shrubbery and grasses along the banks were shooting forth new life. Wild flowers strewed the fields.
I heard a voice in my mind and it was from the dream. A woman’s voice as mild as a breeze with sunlight, yet as full of life and love as if born in the heart of the sun itself. The voice was singing and for a long time I did not notice words, but when I focused on the voice as a real voice and not a phantom of my mind, words formed then, and the voice was that of the woman I sought and never found in this world. She sang a simple song, yet a timeless:
“Give, said the little stream
Give oh give, give oh give,
Give, said the little stream,
As it hurried down the hill.
I’m small, I know,
But wherever I go
The grass grows greener still.
“Singing, singing, all the day,
Give away, oh give away.
Sing, singing, all the day,
Give oh give away.
“Give, said the little rain,
Give oh give, give oh give,
Give, said the little rain,
As it fell upon the flowers.
I’ll raise their drooping heads again,
As it fell upon the flowers.
“Singing, singing, all the day,
Give away, oh give away.
Singing, singing, all the day,
Give oh give away.
“Give, Alessandros, give,
Give oh give, give oh give,
Give, Alessandros, give.
There is something all can give.
Do as the stream and raindrops do,
For God in heaven lives.
“Singing, singing, all the day,
Give away, oh give away.
Singing, singing, all the day,
Give oh give away.”
The words repeated in my mind and the woman’s voice would not leave. I pulled my feet from the stream then and it was difficult, as if I had begun to meld with the bed like a tree-man. I put on my sandals and greaves and walked away from the stream toward the camp. My Companions were not far off, watching me with great concern. It seemed that I was bewitched, my behavior was fey.
And surely to their minds matters only became stranger still. For I did not order the assault, but instead took to my tent alone, banishing all from my presence on pain of my extreme displeasure if they disturbed me with ought but the most pressing matters. (My army was so ordered that it could run itself, and now that feature paid me returns. I could isolate myself at my will and until commanded otherwise, my troops would assume routine camp duties and daily drill as established by me in the past.)
I fell upon my sleeping pallet after stripping off my armor and hurling it in a heap on the far side of the tent. But sleep would not come easily. My mind seemed inflamed but my body was calm and well.
It took me several hours to realize that I would not attack the rebels again. I was shocked at myself. What had changed my mind? I could not place it. But the silly little song and that matchless She of the voice, like sunlight in my heart, would not die or diminish. It was set to drive me mad if I did not listen.
My first command, upon finally issuing from my tent after fasting from food and drink for most of two days, was to stand unarmed while I went into the mountains to talk with the rebels, alone.
That went down ill as you can imagine. But my will was law and even though Rikard suspected aloud that I had somehow been cursed by the rebel priests, I assured him and the other Companions that I was as sane as ever man was.
My mind was calm, aside from the singing. But now I welcomed it, She of the voice. And I felt certain that if it stopped I would be saddened with the loss. I could lose her only if I ignored the message. If I heeded, then the song was a promise of life to come. Now I wanted that more than all the world. So I went up to talk with the rebels.
When their sentries saw a lone enemy warrior approaching unarmed up the pass they hailed me. I knew they would not shoot me down. Such was not their way.
“I am Alessandros, king of the Khoreznian Peoples. And I am your king, if you will have me.”
So astonished were they that I had to repeat myself. Then wait to be taken up to meet with their leaders and repeat myself again. There were those among them who knew me intimately enough to confirm that I was indeed the lord of most of the known world.
“We will never submit to your rule,” they said to me, and they were all gathered in one body. “What purpose do you have, placing yourself in our power?”
No one accused me of being mad, which I thought was interesting.
I said, “If you will have me as your king, I vow to do no more than request your aid and good will freely. You may send any tribute freely of your own choosing. And by doing so, I further vow to aid and sustain you as my people, but not my subjects. You will be equals to any and subservient to none within my realm. I will harbor no ill toward you for the war, and I will pay all who have suffered at my hand whatever you deem is fair blood price for the harm I have done to each one you.”
The singing woman inside my mind was smiling. I could hear it in her voice.
The rebels (no more) could not believe my words for a long time. But I assured them that there was no trick.
And then I told them about the song in my mind and I sang it for them. Only I could hear the woman accompanying my own inadequate voice. I was smiling with the pure joy at the astonishment on all their faces. I taught them the song and we sang it together many times. The sound of it descended from the pass and reached my soldiers. Astonishment then became general and alarm began to abate on all sides.
“Here is what I will do,” I told them all: “I will bend every power at my command to turn the stream toward my realm. I will pay those who labor well. When the Dashtimorgo is divided in half by the stream of living waters between us, then you can give me your answer.”
And I left them and returned into my own lands with my army, disbanding it forever.
So great was my prestige as a warrior king that no outside enemies ever assailed my realm. And it has been twenty years since I came here to this monastery, renouncing my former life of warfare and ruling as a conqueror. In all these intervening years since that morning, when She of the voice came to my mind and heart, I have labored to rule from this place only. Never have I traveled abroad, but instead have I trusted in the reports brought to me. As I have been guided, so I have ruled – or rather, guided well.
The people of the eastern mountains have established commerce with the rest of us, using the stream across the Dashtimorgo as a source of trade between us. And they have allowed that we have an alliance. They will never have a king, but otherwise I feel we are a people of one heart and one mind.
Hubris is not a vice or a sin, but it is foolishness. And I trust that during this time I have had to reflect and begin to rebuild my realm as their teacher, more than as their king, I have inculcated some principles of sound self-rule into the masses of common people. But I cannot change human nature. When I am gone it is very unlikely that those who follow after me will continue as I have begun. My dynasty is comprised of many children, many of whom are no better than the common man of temptation. I will try to assure myself of the best possible, most enlightened heir. But I am only human, and now I am also old and very soon will pass to the next life. There is no way that I can be certain that my heirs will follow in my ways. That is all in the hands of God…
Landfill
It was dark as he staggered down the alley. His ragged coat was a heavy one, of once fine wool, now shabby with months of living in the open. But he could not get warm this way, and so part of his liquor-befuddled wits watched for a handy nook where he could curl up, out of the snow-laced knife-breeze.
This town was new to him, or at least, he could not remember ever coming by this way before. But he might have during some other season, he thought once, when he had first arrived on the bus. Someone in the Dallas Police had told him to get on the bus and “git”. The DPD had supplied him with his fare and destination. “…The folks up that way have a lot of transient kitchens for your type. They’ll take care of you real good.” Dallas shipped the bums out of town by bus, just to relieve the city of the problem. They sent them to where they would be less likely to leave anytime soon. So here he was.
And it was winter. Christmas with its relative largess at the kitchen (the once-a-year donations of the guilty, the not-quite-thoughtless mass of the well-fed and well-housed) was by now a distant memory. He did not really think about next year, or even warm weather, still a lifetime away.
Once he had been well-fed and well-housed, oh yes indeed. A high-ranking exec in the investing business does make a lot when times are high and rolling, until he’s caught laundering anyway.
But that was also a lifetime ago, or at least it seemed that way. He had always loved his drink. But he ruled it with hard discipline. He was master of the bottle. That was why he could rise and rise in his field. He stayed sharp and knew how to deal with the opposition. No one in his line was totally honest, he knew that. Only the best opportunities came to those who knew how to bend and scruple when required.
He remembered his professional name, Johnathan Dougherty III. But he never used it among his present peers. Few of the transients would have even cared. But the courtroom battle had attracted national attention. It was a nasty episode in his otherwise wonderful lifetime of memories. He did not want to face anymore criticism or abuse. So he called himself any of the half-dozen different appellations he had invented, none of them meaningful.
He had no intention of staying down here. His plans were great and many-facetted. They helped him to sleep each night, over and over again.
The laundering affair had been a trap, he knew that now. He suspected his erstwhile partner and his ex. Certainly, Susan had married the bastard soon enough after the divorce. That was the part that always made him burn and reach for the bottle. He was utterly impotent to do anything to either of them. And the charges of child abuse had been dropped when he had agreed to not contend the firm’s laundering charges against him. That had been weird: only Susan could have been behind that one.
“Abuse is in the mind of the beholder, Suze, you flooze,” he muttered aloud, as he rebounded off the alley wall and continued on.
His straggly hair dripped with the melting snow. He hacked up a huge gob of spittle and shot it against the wall. It glowed evil-green against the dank brickwork.
“I’m sick”, he said to himself and shuddered with a rush of panic. “I’ve got to get to an emergency room and get some antibiotics or something.”
His breathing felt constricted at the best of times these days. And right now, with the sudden onrush of fear, he could hardly pull in a mouthful of the frigid air. Leaning momentarily against the wall to catch his breath, coughing and hacking, he couldn’t think of anything except the image of an enormous grinning whore sitting on his chest, squeezing his lungs flat as a pancake.
A window overhead rushed up with a rough squeak.
“Hey you! Get your miserable ass out of here. We need our sleep, you useless drunk!”
A douche of icy water that smelled of soaking socks splashed down over his head and back. He moved on without a word.
The doors along the alley were all locked or the niches occupied already with homeless riff raff. But at the end of the alley was a lot with a dumpster. He was at the limit of his reserves and decided that getting out of the wind was first priority. He clambered and scrabbled up the slick sides of the dumpster. Pivoting on the edge, struggling for balance with his failing strength, the maw of the deep metal box yawned wide beneath him. Changing his mind abruptly only resulted with him falling in anyway. He did not even shriek. He hadn’t the air drawn to do it, but down inside the dumpster he did cry weakly. His left arm felt broken. Sobbing turned to hacking up more gobs of phlegm and for a while he choked long enough to slip into semi consciousness.
Finally, he gained enough self-composure to pull the debris of trash over himself. After a while he felt almost lucid. The cold wasn’t that noticeable at all. Most of the wind was blocked so that was good, and his trash bedding was passable as a blanket. The partially open dumpster lid blocked most of the falling snow.
He thought. And the one thing that always came back to him, that always gave him hope, was the reading the strange gypsy woman had given him for half a bottle of Scotch. She had been a vagabond too. Met on the road somewhere in a one-night camp (the place and time now escaped him). But she had told him things about his past that only he knew, and then read his palm and said:
“…You will one day soon become an invisible support to Suzan and your children…”
He wondered how this would come about and believed in it completely. And when it did happen, he vowed, he would make sure that Suze the flooze paid for what she had done to him. On that familiar tonic of self-comforting speculation, he slept.
Before it was even light, a BFI garbage truck came by and hoisted the dumpster with an animal-growl of diesel powered hydraulics and gears. Metal surfaces grated against each other like the tortured screams of warring demons.
For precious lost seconds, he didn’t recollect where he was or what was happening.
He only shot fully awake when the box tilted, throwing him against the far wall. The soggy newspapers, bathroom waste paper, cigarette butts, leftover food, soiled disposable diapers and discarded unidentifiable junk steeped in equally unidentifiable liquids and goo, rolled over him and tried to get in his mouth as he screamed. His screaming was weak and inaudible to the driver. With a final screech of terror, Johnathan Dougherty III plummeted with the avalanche of dumpster contents into the gaping bowels of the truck.
A loaf of compacted garbage was added to the city landfill site later that day.
Several years later, a woman, her children and second husband, moved into a hew home, in a new suburb built on what had once been the city’s landfill site, but was now converted to some of the highest priced, reclaimed land in the county. Directly beneath the house’s foundation was the final and unknown resting place of the bum who had referred to the woman as “Suze the flooze”…
Stories About a Missing Arm
The young one-armed man told a different tale about his missing arm each time someone new expressed interest. Sometimes he just told a story because it felt better than not talking about it at all.
It was usually children he told stories to. They were ingenuous enough. Adults usually affected not to notice the empty sleeve on his right side. Telling a different story about how he had lost his arm challenged his imagination and made it just bearable.
He had moved here, away from all those he had known at home. That way no one could see him now – compared with how he had been before. This way, living in another place, everyone met him as he was. To them he wasn’t supposed to have two arms.
One of the stories was told at a corner market as he stood in the checkout line with his shopping cart. A small boy, riding backwards in the shopping cart ahead of him, was staring at his lop-sided body. The boy’s mother had noticed the empty sleeve and pointedly looked everywhere else after that. He could tell that she was embarrassed to have a child along, afraid that he might say something, which of course he did.
“Where’s your other arm?”
“Jimmy!” the mother said with a severe whisper. “Don’t pry. It’s not nice.
“I’m sorry,” she said to the one-armed man.
The little boy was only confused by his Mother’s alarm, not by his question. “But Mommy, he’s only got one arm. What did he do with his other one?”
Jiiimmy, please be quiet,” she grated. And then to him again:
“I’m so sorry. Please forgive me if my son embarrassed you.”
He smiled. It was a very good smile because it was real. “Oh don’t worry about that. It’s nothing, really.” He flapped his empty sleeve with his good hand.
She laughed and went red, utterly confused by the casual way he had punned his deformity. He rescued her by leaning down close to her son and asking:
“Do you really want to know what happened to my arm?”
The curly blond head nodded solemnly.
“I used to be an explorer in the Amazon jungle. I had a great big machete for cutting vines and limbs, so I could walk through all the jungle stuff. I even had a gun for shooting dangerous animals.”
“Wow!”
“Yeah. I was just about the best jungle-man around. But one day, I got trapped by cannibals. They tied me up and put me in a big bag. Then they started their cooking fire. They were going to eat me!”
“Gosh!”
“Yeah! I was scared, I can tell you. But I wriggled and squirmed until I got one hand loose. And then with a little knife I kept hidden in my boot I cut the rest of the cords and made a hole in the bag and looked out. The cannibals were all dancing and jumping around their big fire and that steaming pot of water. It was almost ready to boil. I noticed my machete and gun and other stuff they had taken from me. It was piled not very far away. If I could get out of the bag quickly enough, I might be able to get to my weapons and defend myself, and maybe I could fight them off and get away. It was my only chance, because any second they were going to come and take me out of the bag, beat out my brains with one of their huge stone hammers and plop me in that cooking pot for their feast.”
The checkout girl, the mother, the couple behind him and the little boy were speechless.
“Well, I counted to three and slashed my knife as hard as I could manage down the inside of that bag and rolled out and got to my feet. The cannibals stopped their noise-making and just looked at me for a long moment. Their mouths were all open like this.”
He made a dumbfounded face and his audience laughed, some indulgently. Jimmy seemed confused by the humor, so he hurried to the ending.
“I barely made it to my weapons ahead of the cannibals and got my machete out. A big swipe with it made them fall back and then I grabbed my gun up and ran off into the trees as fast as I could.
“The cannibals came after me and now they didn’t make any noise at all. They chased me like huge cats and I never heard a thing. It was really creepy. They were going by on either side of me, like shadows moving through the thick trees. And they were using shortcuts I didn’t know about to get ahead of me. But I had my gun ready. And the first cannibal to pop out of the trees in front of me got shot. I had to shoot a couple more of them who tried to stop me as I ran.
“After that they didn’t want to capture me alive anymore and decided to kill me instead. Poisoned darts from blowguns started zipping past me. And I was lucky that they missed. I came to the edge of the river and dived in. But my luck almost ran out at the end. One of their darts stuck in my right arm near the wrist. The cannibals didn’t chase me into the water but followed along the bank until I went over a waterfall. Then they gave up chasing me for good. I guess they figured the fall would drown me, and it almost did. But the river took me down to where my friends near our camp found me later that afternoon.
“They got me to a doctor as fast as possible, but he was a long ways away. The dart had poisoned my arm above the elbow. The doctor had to take the whole thing off just to save my life. And that’s how I lost it.”
His neighborhood was rough. The apartment he lived in was old and the entire building in need of an overhaul. The kids in his building began by tormenting him over his handicap. But he put them off with another yarn.
“You really shouldn’t mock and make fun of heroes, you know.”
The street-wise kids looked at his smiling face. He wasn’t offended or baited or even afraid of them and that intrigued them a little.
Their leader was a Mexican youth who hated Gringos because his older brothers did. But later the one-armed man would be his best friend, until he finally left.
“Who’s the hero, you?” he said.
“Yes, me, that’s right. I will tell you my story because I think you need to hear it. But promise me you won’t go around telling it to others, okay?”
Young jaded eyes looked at him and each other. They nodded, interested.
“Right. This might take a little while. Why don’t you all come inside and I’ll get some munchies and drinks while I tell you how I lost my arm.”
That time, he made the story take up the better part of half an hour. It involved his career as a police officer back on the West Coast. He was in Vice and worked under cover. His last bust had been a success, like most of his other cases. But the honcho had discovered that he was a cop.
“I had been part of the drug lord’s gang for some time and I guess I got over-confident. Somehow they found out. And it was bad timing for me, because Vice had brought in SWAT for the big bust, to take place the very next day.
“That honcho was a real piece of work, a bona fide psycho. He had gotten us all together in the main room of their digs. And then he started asking me direct questions during the meeting, getting my opinions and advice and acting really polite and solicitous, like he trusted me.
“The first thing I knew that I was in really deep trouble was when one of the guys behind me applied a black jack over my right ear – I  didn’t even see the signal from the honcho, that’s how stupid hubris can make you.
“I came around with both legs, my body, and my left arm already strapped to a chair, and my right arm was being held behind my back at an angle that felt like they were trying to break it off. The honcho was seated across the table from me and he was smiling sweetly. He never yelled and throughout that horrible session his face bore that vapid, angelic half-smile.
“’How much do the police know about us,’ he asked.
“I tried to bluff at first. But the honcho held up a hand gently in front of my mouth, shaking his head.
“’Don’t start that with me,’ he said quietly. ‘We know who you are. All I want from you now is everything you have told your people. If you play straight with me, I will kill you quickly, you will feel no pain. But if you try to play the innocent with me or get all heroic and stubborn, I can make this take a long time, as many days as I choose.’
“I knew that he was wrong about that. He was almost out of time, since SWAT was going to hit the joint in less than twenty-four hours. So close, so close, and yet there I was with my body in the mouth of the beast. So I had no choice, of course, but to keep my mouth shut and hope that the honcho’s psychotic patience didn’t break before my friends arrived. If I caved in, I feared that the heavily armed gang would be waiting for them and many cops would die.
“’I think you’ve made a big mistake,’ I said. ‘Somebody you obviously should not trust has lied about me.’
“’Let’s test the truth of your words,’ he said, and he nodded to the two goons behind me. They brought my arm down on the table and held it as tightly as if in a vice. The honcho brought out his switchblade and slowly slid the point under my little fingernail. He wormed it around and pried the whole nail off. Then he waited for my screaming to die down and stabbed the point slowly through the hole and into the tabletop. I passed out from hyperventilating and screaming.
“His smiling face was the first thing I saw when they splashed water over me. ‘Now what do you say?’ he asked softly. He was paring his fingernails with the switchblade and he hadn’t even cleaned my blood off of it. He flicked a sidelong glance at me where I was sobbing for breath but not saying anything.
“Then he nodded at the goons again and my arm went back into their vice-like grip against the tabletop. The rest of my body heaved and lurched against my bonds as the honcho licked my blood off his knife, folded it, and stood up to put it in his pocket. His expressionless, pleasant face floated out of my vision and then he came back. He had surgical cord in his hand. ‘Put this around his wrist’, he instructed the goons, and soon my right hand was going purple.
“Without another word, out came a bigger knife from somewhere, a single-edged hunter, and the honcho pried my fingers apart, wedged the edge against my little finger and pressed down slowly and deliberately against the table. I was out again even before he had finished cutting through the bone.
“’And, now?’ he asked me, as I came around again. I was soaked from head to seat.
“I couldn’t even speak for a while. Then I just sat there cursing and roaring at the roomful of them.
“’Alright, that’s enough for now,’ said the honcho. ‘I am going to put you in a room and let the pain work on you. You’ll be more, sensitive, later. Then we’ll see.’
“The goons dragged me up, chair and all, and roughly carried me out, down a dingy hallway and through another door and dumped me in the middle of an empty room. It didn’t even have a window or vent. They slammed the door and I heard it lock. Other than a faint slit of grayness on the floor under the door it was utterly black in there. I passed in and out of consciousness for what seemed like the better part of a week. But it was really only a bit over twelve hours.
“And the honcho was right. If they had come for me again, I would have told them everything that they wanted to know, no question about it.
“My hand was swollen to three times its normal size and had gone completely dead and black. Blood poisoning had started well up my arm. This I saw through a delirious haze of semi consciousness as I was rushed to the emergency center.
“I recollected having heard a disturbance earlier as I had faded in and out. And what I had heard was SWAT arriving and cleaning the place out. The honcho and most of his gang had gone down fighting. The survivors were in hospital, all of them shot up pretty good.
“The docs couldn’t save my arm. They had to take it off to the shoulder to make sure I was going to have a decent chance of making it. That switchblade must have had all the microscopic vermin from hell on it.”
His audience was suitably impressed, with his story-telling at least, even if they weren’t sure whether they believed it all or not. After that they called him “One-armed Vice.”
They discovered that otherwise he was completely real with them in all things and a true friend, ready to listen when they needed human ears more mature than their peers’ and more patient than their parents’.
He told stories about his arm to adults too, but more selectively. Part of his self-adopted therapy was bowling. He had regained much of his former skill with his left arm and was above average. He started the next yarn about his missing arm this way:
“I used to be a professional bowler, you know. I played the West Coast leagues” (this much was actually true), “so I wouldn’t be surprised if you have never heard of me.”
He went on to explain how he had once-upon-a-time been quite insufferably prideful about how good he was. And how his attitude came across quite a bit like “Nick Burns, your company’s computer guy”, from Saturday Night Live.
“I never did find out who poured super-glue into the holes of my ball…”
His pause before going on made everyone laugh, and he knew that they knew he was having them on. He continued:
“Anyway, I thought that the holes felt a little moist. But I was so intent on my frame that I didn’t give it another moment’s thought. I lined up and gave my ball the maximum force in order to gain the spare. Whoever had glued my ball also managed to doctor the floor with powder when I had had my back turned to wipe my hands. I threw the ball so hard that it took me slipping and sliding halfway down the lane before I sprawled on my face with my bowling arm straight out in front of me. I slithered across the foremost pins and the gate came down, and, well, you can figure out the rest.”
He flapped his empty sleeve at them for emphasis and went silent. The other players tried hard not to laugh but his deeply mournful expression and his sighing as he shook his head made it impossible. Someone sniggered, then they were all laughing helplessly, he along with the rest.
The pit bull story he told to a pair of youngsters one night as he sat for their single mother who had to go in and work an emergency late shift for a coworker. By then he was well-known and liked throughout the apartment building.
The seven year-old boy and his little sister watched TV until he told them it was “bedtime”. That was a novel concept because they were accustomed to falling asleep in front of the tube every night. (As a consequence their hours at school were sleepy-eyed and nappy.) But being from the rural upbringing he was, One-armed Vice shut off the TV sharply at eight o’clock, amidst surprised protests.
“Get ready for bed and I will tell you the story of how I lost my arm.”
“Oh big deal, Randy already told me that one,” said the brother sullenly.
“Did he indeed,” said One-armed Vice. “Well, he wasn’t supposed to tell anyone. So I’ll have to tell you the way it really happened.”
They were hooked and let him help brush their teeth and tuck them in bed. Once the lights were out he told them this one:
“I used to work for the police on the West Coast as a canine handler. That means I trained their attack dogs. It’s quite a dangerous job. The dogs will bite anything they are told to, or anyone – even me if I let them. That’s why I always wore a heavy gauntlet – that’s a big, thick glove that goes all the way up to your bicep. You always hold it closest to the dog. That way, if he goes for you, he will always bite the gauntlet first. When the dog is trained, once he sinks his teeth into his target he won’t let go unless I tell him to: even if he is in danger of being killed. He won’t let go.
“Another kind of canine training that I did was to get dogs to sniff out drugs. I liked that work best, and my sniffer’s name was Schnoz.”
He told some anecdotes about life with his dogs, especially about Schnoz. There was a liberal amount of truth in these episodic animal tales, because he had owned dogs growing up, as had his friends, and there had been many adventures. One-armed Vice simply compounded them all into the exploits of “Schnoz the wonder dog.”
As the kids began to tire and their attention flagged, he brought it all to an end.
“Well, I was called in to let my dog smell out some drugs at a big bust, where the honcho and all his men had been shot down in a furious gun fight. But after it was over, the vice squad couldn’t locate the cache of drugs that they knew was there. Schnoz sniffed the whole warehouse and didn’t find anything. But he did show a strange interest in a wall and kept pacing and sniffing in front of it. We checked it out and discovered that it slid away to reveal the stairway to a basement room. And that’s where the drug cache was hidden.
“But there were two guard dogs down in the basement. They were enormous brutes, two of the biggest pit bulls I have ever seen. And they were silent too. That was the eerie part. I still have nightmares about that. About how Schnoz whined and began to growl deeply in his throat at the door. I thought he smelled the stuff, but it was the silent dogs.
“I opened the door and one of those monsters went for Schnoz and one came for me. I didn’t have my gauntlet and the brute fastened onto my arm and started to shake his whole body around like they do. It was excruciating. By the time I had drawn my service pistol and shot him dead my arm was trashed.
“The docs tried to save it, but they couldn’t. It got infected and they barely saved my life by taking it off right to the shoulder.
“That was bad enough. But I had lost Schnoz too. He had killed the other pit bull but had to be put down.
“I left the police force after that. I didn’t have the heart to do it anymore.”
“Wow!” the brother and sister said reverently at the same time.
He wondered for a moment on that occasion if he wasn’t being selfish, yarning kids like this to make his handicap and uncertain future easier to deal with. But the pricking of his conscience was easy to push aside when he got such a satisfied reaction from his audience.
He bade the youngsters “good-night” and went into the living room to watch TV and wait for their mother.
The last story he told about his missing arm came closer to the truth. It had to do with the medical profession, at least. He told it to a man on the subway who had the unusual candor to share handicap stories (his was that he had had a childhood-inflicted paralysis of the legs).
The one-armed man would have shared the real reason for his missing arm, because tonight he was feeling poorly and it worried him. The deep ache was back, this time in what was left of his shoulder. But he was in such a habit of fabricating new stories about the missing arm that it just rolled out.
“My arm was lost in an auto accident. Usually, they would have tried to reattach it, you know. But they couldn’t do that because they lost it. I could have sued the hospital over that, but I am not a vindictive kind of guy. Someone picked up the arm and it ended up going by mistake to the donor bank on ice. By the time they had discovered their mistake my arm had already been given to a young man, an athlete who had suffered a motorcycle accident a few days before. My amputation had already been finished off with the bone cleaned up right to the shoulder. So even if they hadn’t given my arm away it would have been problematic if they had tried to put it back on by then. The man who got my arm writes me once a year to thank me for my kindness and charity; apparently he made a full recovery and uses my arm effectively playing tennis.”
It was all a bald-faced lie, and he felt more than a little guilty for telling it. But he hurt more.
Two days later he checked himself into a hospital again for a full analysis. He wasn’t surprised at all to learn that the bone cancer was back had spread through his shoulder and down into his ribcage. He didn’t bother asking if there was any chance that he would recover.
He also did not return to the apartment building where One-armed Vice had lived for a few months. Nor did he tell anyone there where he had gone…
Golf
Scotland was at peace. The house of Bruce had whipped the English at the Bannockburn and King Robert reigned supreme. The truce was to hold for ten years.
Having followed first William Wallace till his treacherous betrayal, then the Bruce upon his return from English exile, Brani Mac Culloch now found himself in a dither. A quandary really. Each morning he awoke in his fine, wide bed of imported sandal wood, festooned with blankets and quilts from Flanders, beside his aging wife, and felt the same rush of panic course through his own aging body.
“God’s my witness,” he muttered on the fateful morning: “I will be in my grave before this wretched peace is ended.”
He swung his stocky legs out of bed and padded across the rug-strewn floor to his clothes and dressed himself in sour silence.
Agatha turned with a yawn and sat up, holding the covers demurely up to her wattled neck. (Not that Brani would be watching her bareness. In total darkness he was more himself. But she was not expecting more from life than what they had: a few remaining years with her man at home and no longer at the wars fighting the English.)
“Where will you be a-goin’, Brani, husband mine?” she asked and had to cough once to get the words out.
At the sound Brani’s brow wrinkled and she noted an impatience enter his fingers as he tugged and tied at his laces and points. He didn’t look up and he didn’t answer. But to his credit, he did stop by the bed and give her a parting peck on the forehead. The bushy graying black beard tickled Agatha’s face and she closed her eyes holding her breath.
The door closed brusquely behind him, and Agatha lay back down in the huge bed, listening to the sounds of the servants of the manor as they started their daily work. Sunlight streamed through the wide south-facing window and when it crept to the foot of the bed the mistress of manor Alynwynch got herself up and called for the girls to come and help her dress. She stood briefly at the window while her girls went through the morning ritual of holding forth clothing taken from the capacious closet until she selected her outfit for the day. Meanwhile, amidst the cheerful chatter, and her own monosyllabic responses, Agatha watched the courtyard bustle, and let her gaze take in the early fall woodlands and fields, the booty secured by her husband’s loyal service to Scotland. (This is an uncommonly fine day, she noted to herself silently.)
The fortified manor and lands appertaining to it had belonged to the English till after the battle at the Bannockburn. In the treaty, the northern-most fiefs had been transferred to Scots, answering the age-old rivalry over where exactly the border between the two kingdoms should be drawn.
Their new home pleased the lady of Alynwynch because of the sumptuous appointments. To a woman born and raised in the poverty and backwardness of war-torn Scotland, Alynwynch was like a palace, the furnishings from abroad almost like pieces of a dream. But to her husband, who regarded things English as soft and corrupt, Alynwynch was more like an exile from the life he had found agreeable enough, and that now seemed gone forever. Agatha did not understand his impatience and anger, but she accepted it as the sacrifice she must make to keep what she wanted and believed that they both deserved. Brani would settle down to it someday. Then he would appreciate her for being patient with him while he learned to accept peace in the place of war.
After leaving the bedroom, Brani had gone first to the larder, where he quickly stuffed his day bag with bread, strips of smoked meat, ale and some perfect late-season apples. Then he had taken his impatience to the stable where his favorite riding horse was already saddled and waiting. The groom held the nose of the horse until Brani had secured his provisions behind the saddle, then handed the reins to his master and stepped well aside. Without a word or glance about the courtyard, Brani swung himself stiffly up and pointed the horse toward the open gateway. Spurs did the rest, and the lord of Alynwynch was off, across the drumming drawbridge and out through the fields, angling toward the low hills that screened his lands from those of his friend, Karl Sturgys, the retired Flemish mercenary captain.
Later, Brani swore to himself that Sir Eadric Durendel was the furthest thing from his mind. That his forthcoming day of hunting with Karl was all he was thinking about. And besides that, it had always seemed a quirk of fate, an extra portion of gall for him to swallow, that King Robert had allowed the Englishman to retain his lands which abutted Alynwynch to the south. An arm of Sir Eadric’s fief followed a tributary of the river Till, nice deep bottom land which Sir Eadric prized as his own private hunting preserve. And across it and the stream Brani must ride in order to arrive at Karl’s manor. What clinched the fateful nature of that encounter with Sir Eadric was the singular fact of his being as solitary as Brani himself that morning. Such behavior was most odd. A lord was courting trouble if he went about unaccompanied. Lords had their servants and retinues in tow. But Brani’s nature was more that of the hill bandit. Solitude was a thing craved at times, like this morning. He had never considered that an Englishman might feel likewise.
But as Brani entered the trees and approached the stream, he noted a man on foot with a pair of boarhounds on a short leash, his other hand holding a grounded hunting spear. The man’s face was hidden in the shadow of a hooded cloak, and he watched as Brani approached on horseback. (A huntsman of Eadric’s I don’t doubt, thought Brani.) He prepared to ride on by, and held his fingers up to the brim of his hunting cap in a silent greeting.
The hounds were barking all the while, as was natural enough, and straining at the leash. The brawny arm of the huntsman kept them both in check. A trim russet beard showed in the dappled morning sunlight, and Brani looked again. His raised hand dropped instinctively to his sword hilt then and he looked wildly around the trees for the other men he suddenly feared must appear. But there was no one, just the lord of these lands, silently observing Brani’s consternation with a tiny smile. Sir Eadric did not move. The boar spear remained grounded. But the hounds’ voices increased in angry impatience, something of their master’s unrevealed emotions showing forth in them. Brani noted it and turned his horse to face Sir Eadric and his dogs. The two men looked at each other for a long moment across the middling space of open ground between them.
No words were actually exchanged, but communication went between them nevertheless. The last time they had met had been over the peace terms held at Stirling. Both had signed their names to it. And as neighbors, their seals had appeared next to each other. They had exchanged the grip of peace with no more than the required token formalities spoken. The occasion before that on which they had met, Eadric’s men had saved him from Brani’s best effort to remove him from this world. The Bannockburn had already run red with English and Scots blood, the hillsides were carpeted with the slain and wounded, the English army was in retreat, and Brani’s footmen had crushed their way beside the Bruce deeply into the riven English ranks. Sir Eadric’s men were mounted, a tiny knot of chivalry which resisted manfully. Though the English army had been badly led, yet in many spots on that doomed field the individual warriors fought with their accustomed stubbornness and fury, refusing to admit defeat though it was plainly writ upon every detail about them. The horsemen had trampled down many of Brani’s best retainers that day. Sir Eadric himself had slain with his own mace Brani’s godson, then evaded Brani’s weapons and ridden away in the general rout which separated them. Most of Eadric’s men had gone down covering their lord’s escape. That had been small enough consolation to Brani over his personal losses.
Now his cup of gall and bitterness was suddenly overflowing at the sight of his enemy and neighbor standing placidly before him – all but helpless.
Brani pricked his horse’s flanks with his spurs and held him in check at the same time. The effect was to make the animal snort, paw the earth and leap a pace or two forward before being brought to a halt. The way it looked to Sir Eadric, he was about to be charged. He loosed the boarhounds with a sharp command, took a step back and raised his short spear. Brani whipped out his sword then and launched his horse at the Englishman, passing the dogs with a fierce yell. They turned and came after the horse at full career baying like demons. Brani feared a spear cast most of all the possibilities, but Sir Eadric retained the weapon, and then Brani knew that his foe was otherwise unarmed and would never risk throwing away his one defense. Sir Eadric did the only sensible thing open to him. He dropped to his right knee and grounded the spear again, angling the leaf-shaped blade toward the approaching horse’s chest. Brani knew the nature of this duel came down to a battle of wills and he did not shrink, but instead summoned his battle fury and squeezed his horse to its fastest gallop. He grinned with killing lust and his eyes blazed down at his foe’s upturned face. The simple fact was that Brani actually welcomed death, whereas Sir Eadric loved his life too much. The knight failed in his resolve at the last instant and rolled to his right to escape the hurtling horse and its maniacal rider. But he had changed his mind too late to save himself. Two things happened at once. The spear fell but not fast enough and it impaled Brani’s horse through the ribcage, snapping off midway down the shaft. And the massive weight collided with Sir Eadric and threw him like a toy. Brani felt his horse going down and kicked loose of the stirrups just in time to roll heavily on the damp grass and leaves. The air was driven from his body. In a grey mist he struggled to raise himself. Shaking his head his vision cleared as he stood up. Sir Eadric was twisted shapelessly on his back. The horse was already flailing hooves in a death struggle, with the broken spear buried up to the crossbar in its breast. Both boarhounds were out of control and savaging the stricken beast as it thrashed about. Brani staggered over to where his sword lay in the grass and picked it up. He came upon one dog from behind and killed it with a vicious downward chop across the spine. The other boarhound turned on him and in a rapid feint and thrust he impaled it on the long blade. Holding the dog there, as it snapped and lunged to reach him, he drew his dagger and slashed its throat. Hot gules drenched his hand and forearm. He stood erect then and looked around. His fallen enemy was already dead. Sir Eadric’s stunned blue eyes were opened wide and flecked with blood.
Brani stood there breathing heavily in the morning silence and watched the twitching horse until it finally lay still. Birds sang not far off. He had not noticed them until then. He set to work disposing of his enemy’s corpse.
Brani’s clothing was a mess and would incite enquiry. Karl Sturgys could keep mum. Brani limped slightly as he headed rapidly through the trees toward his friend’s house. Inside the crook of his left arm he carried a rounded object, wrapped tightly in his cloak, and he was smiling with grim satisfaction.
The case of Sir Eadric’s headless, naked body – found days after the killing, bloated in the river Till – was never solved. Suspicions naturally rested upon his neighbors. Foremost was Brani himself. But he claimed that his horse had been stolen and nothing could be proved and the matter drifted into the local stories of the recent past.
Peace between England and Scotland continued, and Brani stewed in silence. His frequent hunting excursions with Karl Sturgys were Brani’s only volatile outlet.
Brani began to plot. He couldn’t endure sitting idle at home and the hunting paled. Brani, Karl and other discontented Scottish border lords slowly formed their own clandestine band of marauders, who preyed upon the English borderers whenever they felt possessed of enough impatience and self-imposed honor. The English were offered excuses to retaliate, and soon enough there was a desultory border war going on. Agatha sighed sadly and alone with her girls more and more often.
But King Robert and King Edward strove to make peace, and as neither wanted any more war, they succeeded.
Brani was forced once again to make the grip of peace with Englishmen who were his neighbors. And his fief was taxed to pay indemnities. But as yet he was not dispossessed. Agatha, fearing the worst now, kept her yet-sharp eyes on her bellicose husband. She was intent on preserving the estate for her and the children at the least. If Brani did not appreciate how futures could be unmade, at least his wife did and had no intention of letting Brani ruin their chances with any further daring-do.
So when he and Karl Sturgys and their friends in conspiracy began to meet again, Agatha discovered when and where, and right soon the king’s sheriffs were at the door. There were arrests. Karl Sturgys was banished and went back home to Flanders. Others were dispossessed. Brani, because his wife (the informer) pled for him with the king, was allowed to pay a heavy fine only and remain with his family in possession of Alynwynch.
As the days multiplied, so too did Brani’s dementia. He seldom spoke an intelligible sentence to anyone, but was often found muttering to himself and striking out at willows and grasses and rushes with his heavy walking stick, as if he were lopping off heads of his erstwhile enemies. When he took to walking with a two-handed warhammer, Agatha became alarmed and had her husband watched more closely than ever.
“Where is Brani now?” Agatha asked the manor fisherman.
“‘E’s down by the river, Mum.”
“What’s he doin’?”
“Begin’ your pardon, Mum, but the master’s become a right crazy goffer.”
“Mind your tongue knave, and you had better explain yourself.”
“That big wallopin’ ‘ammer o’ ‘is, Mum, ‘e’s takin’ it and is smackin’ ‘round this ‘ere big leather ball wi’ it.”
Agatha started to move even as the rustic continued to explain what Brani had been seen doing. She walked firmly out of the gate and followed the lead of the fisherman. Mostly she didn’t even listen to anything more that he was saying. Her mind was a-boil with the implications. Brani might have to go finally, and she was steeling herself to the regrettable task.
But when they came upon the sight of Brani smacking his ball, Agatha stopped, thunderstruck. There was her husband, with the oldest of their boys, and each of them had a warhammer in hand and a leather ball. She turned to the fisherman, exasperated.
“Why didn’t you tell me that Sean was playing with his father?”
“I did, but I did, Mum. Didn’t you ‘ear me?” The man took a step back cringing.
“Oh, very well. Be off then.” The man scampered away.
Agatha stood there watching for a long time from within the edge of the trees.
Brani and Sean seemed to have invented a new game. Agatha swiftly caught the gist of it. It was simple enough, juvenile really, and she sneered at this reminder that men require the most childish things to keep them happy (at least the killing had stopped). Brani and his son were taking turns at hitting their leathern balls toward a largish hole bored into the ground a goodly distance away, down by the river bank. There was a certain knack required, however, because the object was to get your ball into the hole with fewer strokes than your opponent, and avoid the river to boot. Brani was better at it. His ball went into the hole in three strokes: Sean’s ball went into the river on one of his strokes and he had to wade in and retrieve it, placing it hard by on the bank, from which spot he struck back toward the hole. Brani won each round by no less than three strokes advantage. Agatha could see that Brani was pleased with himself, and also with his son’s improvement. Both men seemed utterly oblivious to anything else but their ball hitting game.
“‘Crazy goffer’, indeed,” muttered Agatha to herself before stepping out of the trees and letting her men folk see her at last. She approached as if she had only just then found them. She waved, and something tender deep inside warmed to see her husband eagerly return her greeting, for all the world like a little boy waving to his mother. Her scorn softened. If this game could bring a measure of joy and peace to Brani, then she would not complain at all. In fact she would look upon this intervention as the miracle she had been praying for and acknowledge God’s hand in it. She would ask for nothing more.
Her husband and son explained the game to her apparently interested queries as to what they were doing. Their faces were shining and eager. They got back to their game as soon as possible and showed their audience how it was done.
She wasn’t really listening.
Long before she politely excused herself to return to the duties of governing the daily round at the manor, Agatha absently noted a trivial detail that nagged at her for some hours, before other matters drove it from her mind. She saw that Sean’s ball was round and when struck made a softer sound: but Brani’s ball was irregular, rather ovate inside its thick, tightly shrunken leather cover, and it gave off a resounding crack report each time her grey-haired husband hit it with the side of his warhammer. She didn’t like the expression in his eyes and at the corners of his mouth. He seemed to be playing at something more than merely reaching the hole when he attacked his ball.
When Brani and Sean returned at dark from their sporting, Agatha was relieved to see her husband smiling and acting more content than at any time since the ending of the wars with England…
The Good Friend
They hadn’t seen each other in nearly eight years. Now, because Sig was stopping over on a business trip, they were enjoying a late morning of golf.
Doug felt glad and unaccountably peevish at the same time. He hoped the negative feeling didn’t show, because he was aware of it and determined to suppress any feelings which might spoil the reunion with his best friend from their high school and university days.
He and Sig had kept in touch in a haphazard fashion during the last twenty years, mainly through their wives exchanging dutiful Christmas missives. The occasional get together as families had filled in a few times. But the pressures of changing life and the separation of a continent between had worked its inevitable changes. The inseparable “brothers” felt now, after eight years of no physical contact of any kind (not even a voice over the phone), that they did not really know each other.
Sig did all the prompting and Doug the responding, as they teed off and selected woods and irons and putters, and performed all the automatic ritual of the habitual golfer. It was backdrop to the conversation.
But even though the game was the excuse to meet so they could talk and get caught up, Doug noticed that Sig’s mind was on the game enough to want to win. And Sig, being the owner of his own golf association and several links, after all, was the better player. Doug’s peevishness had escalated to resentment by the ninth hole. And by then Sig’s questions and observations had, to Doug’s point of view, become more of an interrogation than the talk between old friends long separated.
But all of this Doug kept successfully to himself. Outwardly, he was glad for the day together. And it was easy, because he was glad, in a way. It was fine to see good old Sig, looking tanned, fit, and hardly any older after twenty years, and really not a day older since the last time they had seen each other. Doug knew that he had not reached his forties in as good shape, but the reasons had to be obvious to them both. Sig’s profession as a corporate lawyer had led to the lifestyle of an aristocrat, and Doug’s construction firm kept him out on the job in all kinds of weather and perpetually short on sleep much of the year. This was the excuse, at least, that Doug made inwardly to account for Sig’s trim, lithe body and his own paunchy one.
Both were dragging their own bags. Sig was sweating lightly in style, enjoying the exercise that had been his suggestion when they had started the game. Normally Doug would have taken a cart. But Sig had said: “Shall we ride or treat this as an opportunity to fit in a constitutional?” Doug had noted the assumed English accent for effect, the posture of the English country gentleman. (Sig, the actor who had missed his calling, Doug thought with mingled irritation and amusement, and realized that Sig had often amused and irritated, as far back as he could remember.) “Let’s walk,” Doug had said. Now he regretted the lack of golf carts. He was trying not to let his heavy breathing show. The Carolinas humidity was palpable and the temperature rising as the sun passed noon.
They rounded a stand of eucalyptus trees and stood at the head of the fairway for the eleventh hole. Overlooking it at the far end was the hill, with the property on it that Doug had told Sig about earlier.
“Ah, yes, I can see why you admire that spot, Doug.” Sig paused to let his gaze take in the whole setting: the thick stands of trees below where the house would overlook the valley, the Appalachians behind, ridge upon ridge fading to blue with the distance. “Gorgeous.” He teed off and bit his lip with a muffled groan. Doug said nothing. He set his tee and ball, concentrated and made his best drive of the day. “Fantastic!” Sig enthused.
Doug’s putt was perfect and he finished two under par. Sig’s botched drive had required four extra strokes, halving his lead. Doug waited at the eleventh until Sig had caught up. They were just below the potential building site now. Sig looked up at it reflectively.
“Gor-gee-ous, Doug, really. You need to buy this spot. I totally agree.”
“Can’t be done, unfortunately.”
“Why not?”
“I am in a bit of a tight fix just now. My company is facing a potential lawsuit, and I can’t risk spending money on a house I don’t really need until it works out.”
“Hey, maybe I can help put you onto someone.” Sig said.
“It’s okay. I have lawyers of my own. We need your type out here in the east too you know.”
“Yea verily yea,” Sig said softly. Doug wondered silently if he had somehow injured Sig’s feelings. “Well, let me know how things turn out, won’t you,” Sig said.
“I will. But I am not really worried. It isn’t to the class action stage. Just a few individual homeowners who are pissed at me for a material failure that isn’t my company’s fault. They are suing the wrong people.”
“Sounds complicated.”
“Not really. But time consuming though. It will be years before I am totally in the clear over this mess. I can’t be acting as though I have unlimited funds to build Ash’s dream home.”
“Pity. That is the spot for a dream home, alrighty.” Sig had been sizing up the place while they talked. His eyes were narrowed by some inner calculation. Doug wondered what, and waited for his friend to finish saying what was on his mind. But instead, Sig finally turned away and grabbed his bag handle. He headed toward the twelfth hole.
After the old friends finished their game, Sig offered to take Doug and Ashleigh to dinner that evening. He seemed as buoyant as always, even though Doug had managed to win by one stroke.
“Say, I would love to, but I can’t,” said Doug. “Business you know. Maybe later.”
“I’ll be in town till the end of the week. Can we do din-din together on Friday? I would like to see Ashleigh again and talk over old times a bit.”
Doug sighed inwardly and looked over the green garden expanse of the links as he answered, “Sure. That would be fine.”
“I’ll call Ashleigh then and make the arrangements.”
And then they were walking toward their separate vehicles. Sig tossed a jaunty wave from his convertible Jaguar as he exited the parking lot first. His yellow mirrored sunglasses and white teeth grinning below the herringbone sport cap seemed affected, like the natural, tanned actor that he was, thought Doug sourly. He waved and smiled back, then jammed the key in and started the pickup with an angry twist.
The rest of his day was occupied by harassment. His lawyer talked for over an hour on the phone. Ash, interrupting from the other line, wanted to know if he was going to be home for their son’s Soccer game, and he had a difficult time making his excuses for a no show sound like real excuses and not weaseling out of his fatherly duties. He spent the balance of the evening going over his books and making sure that the figures jived with the materials purchasing orders. He arrived home to a darkened house well past midnight.
Ash was asleep, of course. They were opposites in sleeping habits, as in so many other things. She was an early riser and went to bed early, while Doug was a night owl and perpetually short on sleep, because his work had him up early on most mornings. He guessed that he was, by forty-five, an incurable insomniac. Robert Mitchum’s uncanny almost-twin brother seemed to stare back at Doug from the mirror as he washed his hands in the bathroom. He got into bed carefully, but his wife turned toward him in her sleep as she always did. Ash’s arms and legs moved to entwine his body from behind. He didn’t move and in seconds he was drifting to sleep.
After what felt like five minutes he shot awake, as he usually did, looked at the dial of his wristwatch and lay there for a spell. He had been sleeping for less than three hours and it was still dark. Ash was sleeping with her back to him now, breathing easily and softly. He got out of bed, showered, dressed, and returned to the office and his accounting and the work roster.
The dinner engagement that Friday was worse than the golf game to Doug. It went on interminably, almost till closing time. And Sig did ninety percent of the talking as usual. Ash was lively and responded with mirth to everything witty that Sig had to say. She seemed to hang on his every word. Doug could not concentrate on the conversation. His mind kept drifting back to the books, the impending lawsuits, his ongoing contracts, his calculations. Again and again, like a mad, inescapable wheel. Sig’s pleasant voice, cultured and educated and English, annoyed Doug as usual. But he also admired Sig’s healthy aura of equanimity. For a lawyer, he seemed like a happy fat cat. How is that possible? Doug wondered to himself. He had never known a lawyer that he trusted completely, and none of them seemed like happy people to him. Sig was an anomaly. The mystery didn’t intrigue Doug, it deepened his resentment. Sig was a mystery. The only mysterious thing about Doug, he knew, was what he kept to himself about the business. Not even Ash knew. He had no confidants. Not even (especially not even) his lawyer. His associates were in charge of the financing end. They left Doug to the purchasing and foreman’s duties on-site. He was very good at what he knew how to do. But he didn’t know any famous people. He had no stories of interest to anyone to tell.
“So you really have your heart set on that building site above the links,” Sig was repeating to Ash. This yanked Doug out of his self absorbed reverie. 
“Well, yes, but Doug says we have to wait out the lawsuits and I agree.”
“That’s too bad, Ash,” said Sig, finally preparing to get up. “This one’s on me, Doug,” he said, “It was my idea.” Doug nodded wordlessly, but continued to reach for his wallet. “I’ll drop the tip then,” he said. He made it a good one. The least I can do, he thought, but did not examine the reason why he thought such a thing.
A few days later, as he was sitting down to dinner at home, Doug spied a letter from Sig in the small pile of mail beside the table. He opened it at once. He could not remember the last time that he had received a letter from his old friend. It was on official stationary from Sig’s law firm. But the handwriting was in pen and ink (he could visualize Sig dipping and returning to the sheet of fine watermarked bonded stationary). The letter was brief:
“Hi, old chum. I just thought that you might be the one to build for me on that site we were talking about last week. I bought it. If you are interested in the job, then give me a call. If not, then I understand and will get someone else to build the house. We both agree that it is a perfect spot, and since you could not spring free with the funding, because of your current situation, I thought it would be a pity to miss such a deal. If one of us hadn’t bought the place some stranger soon would have. Yours, Sigmund Peacock.”
His appetite was ruined, and Ash looked curiously at him with a slight frown. “What’s the matter, Doug?” she finally asked. For answer, he pushed the letter across the table to her, and returned to picking wordlessly at his food. “Well I am glad that someone we know will be living there at least. A friend at least,” was all she said. Then she started to catch him up on the children and school. He hardly heard a word.
“Hello Doug! Nice to hear from you! I gather that your call is regarding the house I wrote you about?”
“Sure. I’ll build it for you.”
“Excellent!” Wonderfully kind of you to do this for me. I hope that you don’t mind, that I bought Ash’s dream spot. But you two can come and stay with us anytime, you know that. Once it’s done of course. Here I am, counting my houses before they’re even built yet. Ha, Ha.”
“Don’t worry about that, Sig. I‘m glad you got to it before somebody else did. It will be nice to know that you are living there each time I get to the eleventh hole. I’ll wave to you.”
“That’s the right way to put it, buddy. I knew you would approve. I’ll send the plans along right away then.”
“I’ll watch for them and get back to you,” said Doug. They hung up. Doug sat looking at the phone for a long time, his mind turning.
He put his hard-earned skills to work. Nothing that could be cut in price was overlooked. On the outside the designer home was a masterpiece, just the perfectly situated building to suit the hillside and the natural quality of light and foliage. Sig had, of course, hired the best architect, a real artist. Doug had met the man even before the plans came in the mail weeks later. As the house neared completion, Doug called and updated Sig on the progress.
“My, my, Doug, you do work fast!”
“I have been inspired,” he said. “And besides, what are old friends for?”
“Quite right there, buddy boy,” Sig answered, mimicking an Easterner.
Soon after that, Sigmund Peacock took a tour of his new house overlooking the links. Ash’s dream house, he could tell from her expression, wistful, wishful, longing, dreamy. He savored the moment, and put off what he had really come for as long as possible. As they exited by the front door, he locked it, then turned and held out the keys to Ash. She looked puzzled for a long delicious moment.
“Here, my lady, these are yours I believe,” Sig said in a perfect English gentleman’s accent.
“What?” Ashleigh said in a small voice. She put a trembling hand up to her hair and pushed back a loose strand.
“I am giving this house, everything, to the two of you, my dearest friends of all time.” He held the keys out still.
Ashleigh took them and looked at them in her palm unbelievingly. But when she looked up and saw Sig’s face, she knew it was no practical joke. He was really doing it.
Doug watched and listened to this as if he had suddenly entered a nightmare. He was stunned to say the least. He was speechless.
“If the two of you could only see your faces!” Sig laughed and bent to slap his thighs. “Have a wonderful joy! And don’t thank me!” He laughed and went to the Jaguar. Before he could open the door, Ash was at his side and gave him an enormous hug and a loud kiss on both cheeks.
“Well! Sink me! Bennies to boot!” said Sig with a good Scarlet Pimpernel imitation. He laughed again and drove off.
“Come on, Doug!” said Ash like a young girl. “Let’s go make love in the loft bedroom!” She dragged on his arm and he went like a zombie. His wife looked at him and laughed.
“You look like you’re about to faint. You’re positively white as a sheet. I have heard of this in books, but this is the first time I have ever seen it for real. Are you okay?”
He swallowed and managed a smile. “Fine. He’s, full of surprises. He always was.”
Inwardly, he was calculating the cost of how to save his dream home. What would it cost to redo the wiring, the paint, the carpet, the entire enormous list of materials that he had scrimped (no, be honest for once, he said to himself: cheated) on, throughout the entire project from start to bloody finish! He had kept back the difference in the price, as always. He had put away a tidy sum of many thousands, in money he had “saved” on the cost of inferior materials. But to redo the entire mess would cost him many times more.
He had no choice of course. And to hide it from Ash, he would have to contrive to get the family on a long vacation (more expense), until the work could be redone from foundation to tiled roof.
As Ash led him up the winding stairs, with that familiar amorous gleam in her eyes, he felt conflicted emotions coursing through his body – anger at Sig for being such a secretive ass then amazement that he had never really known his friend till that moment. Sigmund Peacock was a good friend, and Doug had never judged him by any standard other than his own conservative friendship in return.
Envy. Jealousy. And now this, this perfect joke, he had managed to play on himself! He wasn’t laughing yet. But he knew that he had just seen an amazing thing. And later, after he had fixed the mess, he would probably be able to laugh, at himself at least…
Changing the Rules
“I’ve always been a practical man.
“For instance, it has seemed unreasonable to me to expect human beings to do otherwise than what’s in their own selfish best interest. And this has been the code by which I have done business with my fellow beings all the days of my life.
“It isn’t my fault that dogmatic, organized religions – without exception, out to promote their own self preservation and to advance the cause of saving souls – invariably teach their members to treat each other with one hundred percent honesty, while said-religions are directed by men (and women) whose personal honesty is qualified at best.
“For instance, as a business man in my community my reputation for practicality and inevitable success had gone before me. Because I can fix broken commercial ventures and eventually make the worst mess thrive, I have what those in need want. And that is escape from financial embarrassment and ruin. So when the Church sent two apostles to the Murray Stake to find the stake president that the Lord wants to take over the ruinous financial denouement into which it had been led by incompetency, they naturally came to me.
“The fact that they had fasted and prayed for inspiration before approaching me told me that either the Lord didn’t mind my having a mistress, or that Church headquarters had changed the rules and not made it public.
“At first I was somewhat shocked. But as I sat on the opposite side of my desk from the two unctuous apostles, reading their faces and the timber of their voices, I knew that either they knew of Sylvia (probably from interviewing my wife Cassie, first), or else they didn’t know and therefore the Lord wasn’t upset by my peccadilloes.
“Either way, the opportunity to transform the Murray Stake was irresistible and of course I said yes.
“For the next most of ten years I hewed the line publically and pulled the Murray Stake back into the black by a respectable margin. And when I was released and returned to the humble ranks of the common membership I didn’t take it as a rebuke. Especially since by then it was perfectly clear that Cassie had told all, and yet still Church headquarters did nothing to discipline me. (Of course, it was only reasonable that they did not – since I had enough evidence of their own double standards to embarrass the Church presidency, if they had been unwise enough to try and hang me out to dry.)
“Cassie had proven her own double standard by not divorcing me. Long before the apostles informed me that I was the man the Lord had revealed as his servant to lead the Murray Stake, Cassie had come forward with what she knew about me and Sylvia. Cassie was livid in her outrage.
“’How dare you betray our marriage and the Church in this way,’ she had said through her tears. But I was unmoved. By then, I could see the double acting going on, and I wasn’t surprised by what happened next.
“’Well, you shouldn’t be surprised, darling,’ I said. ‘After all, I get little enough of what I need and want from you.’
She tried to slap my face, and I grabbed both of her wrists in one hand. Then she tried to kick my shins, and I pushed her down and sat on her legs. Then I felt justified in going all the way again, since she had placed us both in such an exciting position. And I could tell that she still enjoyed it that way, and only that way. It had always been the same.
“A man normally does not want to have to rape his wife in order to get her to come across with the nuptial bliss. I am a practical and ordinary man in the matters of sex as well. When biological imperatives drive all other thoughts from my mind I satisfy what Nature has saddled the males of our species with and enjoy myself well enough.
“Let me justify myself in this before we go on. Cassie is a beautiful woman, still, especially for her age. But it is all for show (as it so often is with women). She had advertised herself to me as the female burning with desire to let herself go once she was properly married. Petting was part of our courtship. I creamed my drawers more than a couple of times. And she had me over a barrel using the oldest inducement to trap a man – promises of sexual fulfillment in return for the obvious assurance that as my wife she would rise in the world and want for nothing. Well, I have delivered everything she required from me. But the sexuality was all a ploy that vanished after the honeymoon was over. How trite is that? Every time I wanted some, out she trotted the string of excuses. Of course, the most efficacious was the equally trite, ‘Darling, not tonight, I have this beastly headache.’ And then off to bed she would take herself.
“’How can we be one flesh, and how can I cherish you as my own body,’ I once asked her in frustration (and this was very early on in our marriage), ‘when you won’t let it go any further than goodnight kisses?’ I practically shouted the words, as I remember.
“’One flesh doesn’t mean endless sex whenever you want it,’ she cried tearfully.
“’Oh that’s rich! When have I ever asked you to give endless sex’? I shouted back.
“’You’re hurting me,’ she said and tried to twist out of my grip on her wrists. But I had been days trying to get her to sit still and talk it out and I was flat out of patience. Raging testosterone will eventually do that to any normal male (but I hardly need to explain that to you). It had been over two weeks. There went that old benchmark about the female being on approximately a two week cycle of sexual desire. And besides, what normal male ever could go that long without going effectively insane. Even dropped to minimum production my libido has never gone more than four or five days without grabbing my balls in that old vice-like grip.
“And that was the first occasion of our so-called solution. She would escape until I was incapable of refusing my biological imperative. Then she would further play hard to get and say something to make me angry. I would shout something back. She would get offended and try to slap my face. I would grab her to defend myself then she would let herself go berserk and start screeching and kicking and digging with her nails. And then, pop! goes the weasel, I would have her down wherever we happened to be and afterward she’d need a new outfit to replace the torn clothes. I never once hit her back.
“And that way Cassie managed to get some measure of enjoyment out of the sexual dimension of our marriage. But of course, it was doubly rewarding for her. Because I felt instantly remorseful for the brutality of my behavior. Her tears were real enough, but they were not simple tears, oh no. Behind them was a complex of her own biological imperative to be desirable and the satisfaction that she was. The power of control momentarily overcome by a greater power – the urge of her own body and the patently obvious evidence of my hunger to possess hers. The warm feeling of having been outraged and therefore justified in all of her accusations about me. And finally the triumph of obtaining from me a momentary warmth of affection and repentance, as I tried to show how sorry I had been for going so far and offending her. I would spring for new clothes, take her out to dinner more often, utter endearments in her ear and etcetera.
“Until the next time I wanted more, then she would be back at the excuses and the slithering away from my not so subtle messages that I was ready for physical love.
“After that first occasion, however, I was fooled into thinking that Cassie’s attitude had transformed. Before I could bring myself to even broach the subject of sex, she came to me one evening all gussied up and acting sexy. I thought, you lucky man! But it was child hunger, yet another female calculation.  We had two sons and then she was done having children. After that she had the additional defense of, ‘Sex is only for having children’, to hide behind.
“Cassie’s religion is entirely emotional. There is no physical component, especially where sex is concerned. In fact, the opposite of sexual attraction to her is virtue. She believes that sex is the forbidden fruit and that in the hereafter husbands and wives will have children in the Celestial Kingdom by imagining together and presto! The children will be forthcoming metaphysically or something like that. The thought of visceral, wet, hot, panting sex in heaven makes Cassie literally ill. She cannot comprehend where I got such a notion or how I can entertain it. Perversely she has a physical body that requires reassuring is still desirable.
“But driven by desperation I found a solution in following the example of your early Church authorities. I had grown weary of the cycle of frustration culminating in the marriage rape scenario. Occasionally I would submit to it, but more often I simply busied myself with making money and making sure that I had another woman on the side who knew how to be generous with her God-given endowments.  With each of these I was monogamous in the sense that I only ever had one mistress at a time. And with each I salved my conscience by performing a plural marriage with my priesthood. I made it understood that there was to be no children and the girls were agreeable enough (I made sure of that before entering into the relationship). Sylvia was the latest and the longest-lasting and the best. I was ready to marry the girl but Cassie then revealed the depth of her double standards.
 “I never did find out from her when or how she had discovered my indiscretions. She just hit me with Sylvia and the rest followed, as I have said. Afterward I felt no remorse, even though Cassie lay there on my office floor in a welter of torn clothes and quiet tears. In an act calculated to shame her, I calmly took out a couple of one hundred dollar bills and dropped them in her lap. She looked up sharply at me then but snatched up the money nonetheless.
“’You, wicked, evil man!’ she hissed. ‘That won’t even start to pay for my blouse and dress. Look at them. I don’t know how you live with yourself.’
“’When have I ever disappointed you?’ I smiled back. ‘That’s just for the pleasure of your company. Here’s what you want for the damages.’ I dropped the rest of my wallet’s contents on her; the tiny shower of hundred dollar bills and change over her head was a rewarding sight.
“’Stop that!’ she shouted and scrabbled at the paper mess.
“’As you wish, darling,’ I said suddenly. ‘I want a divorce.’
“’Never!’
“’Why not? You just said I am wicked and evil – new words from my devoted wife and helpmeet. I thought divorce would be the answer for us both.’
“’Never!’ she repeated. ‘If you think that I am going to give up all that I have helped you build up over the years, you have got another think-a-coming. I haven’t endured your repeated boorish, carnal outrages for this long just so you can replace me with some cheap affection that you foolishly call love.’
“’So you know,’ I said.
“’Of course I know. Don’t be ridiculous.’
“’Why haven’t you said anything until now?’
“’What good would that have done? You are what you are.’
“’I confess myself surprised,’ I admitted. ‘When did you find out?’
“She didn’t answer me, but slowly gathered up her clothing and managed to get semi-dressed. Then she left my office without another word or a backward look.
“’Well I’ll be damned,’ I said to myself and laughed out loud.
“The duplicity of my wife’s religion is an interesting psychological phenomenon. But I lay it down to simple expediency. She is looking out for herself, in the only practical way she knows how. And she feels justified in being rich in material things and the approbation and admiration of the community, holding such rewards as compensation for her long suffering in marriage to an unfaithful husband who is occasionally a brute.
“And where does that put me? Justified in all I have done with my life. You can’t have it both ways. There is either absolute honesty no matter what the circumstances, or there is conditional, qualified honesty. The Church pursues the latter course, not surprisingly. Yet it makes out to its members and the world that honesty and integrity are immutable. The Church settles all its contentions with people like me out of court. And although that is wisdom it is also most definitely not immutable integrity.
“So what does that say about you? Can you judge me deficient or am I going to get my eternal reward and enter into your Kingdom, Father oh my Father?”
Jason Colbert Jenkins stopped talking and looked God steadily in the eyes.
“You have your answer, Jay,” God said. “Anyone who can sit before me and answer candidly and look me in the face as you can is certainly worthy to live with me and in my presence forever.
“You already know that I don’t, defacto, read minds. Without invitation that is violating free will. And once my Children know that they must ask for it, very few actually want me in there. Still, with my intimate knowledge and experience I can tell that your asking to enter my kingdom is merely rhetorical. So you will have to answer my question yourself. Why don’t you want to receive your justified reward and join our family and loved ones in the eternal Joy of The Kingdom?”
“It’s simple. You may be God in this universe. You are First One, after all, and that is ordained as the scripture says, ‘from before the foundation of the world’. But this universe isn’t all that there is to existence.”
“That is true,” God said.
“Are you at all interested in looking for GOD with me?” Jay asked. “Don’t you want to know who you pray to?”
“I know all that there is for us to know, my son.”
“Well, that’s not good enough for me, not yet anyway.”
“I understand. So, where will you go and what will you do now?”
“I don’t know. This is still all quite a shock. Just this morning I was on my way to Lake Powell with Sylvia. Now I’m here instead. That was quick.”
“That is always how you said that you wanted to go. I like to not disappoint unless I have a good reason.”
“Thank you for that, Father. I guess that after looking around the universe for a while I will be able to better answer that question.”
“Well, good luck. And you know that my love always goes with you. If you want to come Home the way is always open, forever”…
Shutting Down
“Mission #17, Tuesday, April 10, 1945. Target: Berg, near Magdeburg. Bombed a jet airfield. Flak was moderate and very accurate. Navigator was hit by a piece of flak and knocked over, another piece hit the exhaust manifold on No. 1. We also had quite a few other holes. We were attacked by jet M. E. 262’s. They made 3 passes. I only got a chance to shoot at one. Dropped 8 – 500 lb G.P.’s and 4 M17’s. Bombing results were very good despite flak and jets. Mission lasted 7 hrs 45 min.” (From mission notes recorded by John McConnell, engineer.)
With Number One engine damaged the pilot wondered if they were going to have to shut it down and feather the prop. That would mean dropping back slowly out of position and becoming a sitting duck for German fighters that were following the enormous raid of B-17’s and picking off stragglers.
“Is that engine going to pack it in?” the pilot asked McConnell, his engineer (and top turret gunner).
“I can’t tell, Lieutenant.” The engineer scanned the gauges and played with the throttle, his head angled listening to the orchestra of four basso voices thrumming throughout the B-17’s body. “Sounds okay so far. Just watch for fire.”
McConnell stepped back and wriggled into his top turret, looking for fighters.
The pilot sweated the decision, watching the gauges and constantly flicking his eyes to the left to watch the thin trail of smoke emerging from Number One’s exhaust manifold, waiting for fire or a blown or seized engine.
But Hard Luck wasn’t living up to her name that day and the engine kept roaring as if nothing was amiss. The pilot was a bit of a stick in the mud, the rest of his crew agreed when he wasn’t around to listen. He never called their Flying Fortress by any other appellation than the aircraft number, or “the ship”.
The flak kept coughing all around them, seemingly targeting Hard Luck more today than ever before. “Jeezlouise,” the radio crackled, “What’d I ever do to those guys”. It was Mitchell, again. The tail gunner was jumpy, remembering no doubt the recent fate of Swan Song’s tail gunner on the Bad Berka raid. A direct hit from flak had blown the entire rear nacelle, gunner, guns and all completely to smithereens and the lower half of the rudder as well. The pilot had watched Mitchell pause behind the damaged B-17 on the hardstand and just stare and stare.
“Knock it off, Mitchell,” the pilot said curtly. “No chatter, people,” he reminded the crew. “Keep the interphone clear.”
Their bomber jumped as if slugged by a huge fist. It was the closest burst yet! The pilot heard the change in the air before he saw the torn holes down low, under the copilot’s knees. Flak had punched right through the aluminum skin of Hard Luck’s cockpit. Now whistling air joined the cacophony of noises that were typical of an operating B-17. Daylight showed through the ragged holes.
The pilot glanced at his copilot, a replacement that was already “flakked up” and virtually useless. The man hadn’t seen the holes, yet, and the pilot didn’t point them out to him. The copilot kept blinking the sweat out of his eyes and fiddling with his oxygen mask. His hyperventilating was a constant backdrop to the static on the radio and the pilot hardly noticed it anymore.
“Skipper,” the bombardier’s excited voice joined the static on the opened radio.
“Go ahead,” the pilot responded.
“Kinney’s knocked on his ass.”
The pilot waited, exasperated, then said:
“Well? Is he alive, dead, what?”
“He’s alive. He’s moving. There’s a big hole in his vest.”
“Bandits! Ten O’clock high!” McConnell’s voice added to the mounting stress in the bomber.
The pilot saw puffs of smoke ahead, as the B-17s staggered forward and above his own plane shot at something he couldn’t see. There might have been the streaking shadow of a German fighter going on by across their nose. McConnell’s turret whirred right around and snapped back to face the front.
“Damn!” the engineer shouted. “Dammit!”
The pilot fought for self control, consciously forming a prayer for deliverance and breathing evenly, calming his suddenly racing pulse. He forced himself to concentrate on the welfare of his crew.
“Johnstone, report: how’s Kinney doing?”
More flak coughed around them, tossing the B-17 gently as if in a mild turbulence. The bombardier’s voice responded to his even tone. “He’s not bleeding out anywhere that I can see. I’ve got his vest up and I don’t think anything got through. No blood.” Johnstone’s sudden laugh was almost shocking. “Kinney’s just had the wind knocked out of him. He’s okay, I think.”
The pilot said: “Kinney, what’s the dope?”
“He’s still getting his breath back,” the bombardier said. “I’ve got him sitting up. He just said, ‘God that hurts’, so I reckon he’s coming around. I’ll let you know if we need any assistance.”
“Keep me posted,” the pilot said.
Number One engine continued to stream thin smoke from the manifold. The copilot’s silent fidgeting presence made the pilot feel alone. Flak burst all around them, not dreadfully thick but so darned close! The B-17 rang with hits through its aluminum skin and against its aluminum skeleton. Each palpable hit made the pilot swivel his head to check the engines and instruments for signs of damage. He kept dividing his attention ahead, watching for more fighters. He wanted to help give McConnell the heads-up in time.
He was doing just that, when he saw a lurid, evil flicker of orange off to his left up ahead. And he watched in dreadful fascination as a stricken B-17 in another box a half mile away heeled over onto its back and streaked vertically for earth. Other bombers scattered aside to avoid the flaming corpse of the Flying Fortress. Then abruptly the plunging bomber disappeared in a fireball. When the pilot looked again it was gone and two or three other B-17s were staggering off damaged or going down. No one from his crew said anything and the pilot supposed that he was the only one who had witnessed the dreadful scene. A look at his feckless copilot said that the man was deep in his own inner visions and hadn’t noticed the instant deaths of nine or more Americans.
Then he saw several small black triangular-shaped fighters streaking through the bomber boxes toward them, each with a pair of tiny round furnaces under their wings. Me 262s! Four 30mm cannons flashed evilly from each snout as the jets drove through the thousand plane raid with a combined closing speed of around seven hundred miles per hour. Hard Luck shuddered as McConnell’s twin 50’s roared in a long burst. The turret swung fully around trying to follow the German jets.
“Dammit! Missed!” the engineer shouted.
The pilot was watching as a Flying Fortress sagged out of formation in the box just ahead of theirs. Flames poured out of every orifice along the fuselage, and the ship gracefully fell in a long, gentle curve down to the right until their own starboard engines and wing hid it from view. The last the pilot saw of it was a fire streak with wings, rudder and stabs protruding from the almost white flames.
“Doggies!” shouted Ambrose the ball turret gunner. “Who was that? She just blew up!”
Nobody answered.
The German fighter pilots braved their own flak for a third pass, but none of them came near Hard Luck. Maybe only McConnell felt like complaining. This time the Me 262’s were seen to approach in pairs from the rear and down low, almost gliding in with their jet units shut off to facilitate sighting on their large, four-engine targets. Ambrose and Mitchell vied in describing how they saw a pair of jets coming in low and slow, singling out two Flying Fortresses from the bomber box following theirs. Converging fire from the fifty caliber machineguns raked the German fighters, knocking one of them down in flames. But their cannons claimed two more B-17s. A few parachutes were seen escaping from the spinning, flaming wreckage.
Escorting Mustangs broke down into the running battle and pulled off the rest of the Me 262s into a swooping dogfight. The bombers continued on, molested only by flak, which that day was more than enough.
The pilot saw several more B-17s die, and he saw several more limping toward the rear on three or even two engines. One ship was missing its plexiglass nose and was sinking fast. The pilot sent a prayer but expected the worst, and watched the heavily wounded bomber fighting to stay in the air until he lost sight of it. 
“Ambrose,” he called into the radio.
“Yes Lieutenant?”
“Do you see that Fortress going down without a nose? It should be passing right under you, to your right if you’re facing the rear.”
“Wow, yes Lieutenant, I do.”
“Keep an eye out as long as you can, will you? Let us know what happens to her.”
“Aye-aye, Sir. She’s turning back, very low now. Looks like she’s staying in the air, Skipper.”
“That was the Shoo Fly,” piped in Jensen the waist gunner.
“Yes, I know,” said the pilot.
“Shoo Fly, don’t bother me,” Ambrose sang.
“Shoo Fly, don’t bother me,” the crew started in.
“Guys, knock it off,” said the pilot. Nobody listened.
“Shoo Fly, don’t bother me, for I belong to somebody,” the crew sang.
“That’s it, clear the interphone everybody!” said the pilot sternly.
“Aye-aye, Sir!” most of them shouted.
He felt the silence for a long moment. Why am I such a wet blanket? he wondered.
Somebody started humming “Shoo Fly” absently and the pilot put a clamp on his mouth. Morris the copilot didn’t seem to notice any of this.
Then Lead Navigator Captain Dishion broke in, to inform the Group that they were two minutes from target. Everyone buckled down to their jobs, searching for fighters, checking guns, getting ready for Johnstone to take over the plane for the drop. The pilot released the controls and soon felt the B-17 lift and sway gently as the bombs fell from its belly. All around him he saw Flying Fortresses emptying their infernal cargo, black eggs falling-tumbling down in strings. He saw strings of them racing swiftly past his own wings breathtakingly close. It was always a marvel to him how the bombs could fall without hitting the ships. It happened sometimes, but only when someone botched their training and put their Fortress in the wrong position. Nobody got clobbered by friendly bombs that day.
The flak continued and it was accurate too. Their ship received more holes and daylight was poking through in many places it had no business.
But the German fighters were gone for good. And then so was the flak too. As if waiting for the timing, Number One started to seize up and the pilot cut power and feathered the prop.
Then the Channel was approaching and they all waited for the order to break up the formation. When it came, Morris the copilot came alive. “No, it’s suicide! We’ve got to stick together!” He grabbed the controls and started to haul the B-17 into a tight turn to the right. The nose came up and the engine drone fell off as the Fortress climbed.
The pilot was shocked into immobility for a long moment. Then he fought his copilot for control.
“Don’t you understand!” shouted Morris, livid with his mad fear. “We’ll be sitting ducks if we’re alone! That’s just what they want. They’re just waiting for this!”
His berserk strength was too much for the tired pilot. He felt himself losing the fight for control. The B-17 was approaching stall the wings going vertical and he was suddenly seized with vertigo.
“What’s happening?” the crew was starting to scream over the interphone.
“John!” shouted the pilot, “come here quick. Morris has gone nuts. He’s going to kill us all!”
He couldn’t say anything else. It took all his strength to fight Morris for the ship.
McConnell staggered against the G’s of the climbing right-hand turn and came up, grabbing the backs of the pilot’s and copilot’s seats. He took in what was happening instantly and reached around Morris to fight him for the wheel. The copilot screamed and redoubled his efforts to fly the bomber – to where, only his fevered mind knew.
The pilot and engineer were losing the fight. The B-17 started to yaw and any moment it would shudder, stall and go into a spin.
The pilot reached for a pistol and stuck it in Morris’ face.
“Release the controls Lieutenant or I will blow your brains out right now!”
Insane as he was, Morris wasn’t unreachable with that choice. He knew that the pilot would kill him in the next instant if he didn’t let go. So his fear of possible death was overpowered by the certainty of being shot. He sobbed and slumped back down, curling his legs up until in a fetal position in his seat.
The pilot dropped the pistol and wrested the Flying Fortress back into a semblance of normal flight. The three remaining engines picked up and instantly the danger was past.
“Tie him up,” the pilot said flatly to McConnell.
The engineer nodded wordlessly and used headset cords to lash Morris’ wrists behind the seatback. The sobbing copilot hardly put up a struggle. Something of his normal perception was returning and could see that they were approaching England and that meant “home”. He was now more afraid of what everyone would think of him after this. And he let himself be trussed without a word against it.
The rest of the mission was by the book. They approached Thorpe Abbotts and entered the flight pattern behind the other Hundredth Bomb Group planes. Those with wounded went in first, firing flares to let the ground medics know that they needed ambulances. After half a dozen orbits of the airfield, the pilot put his B-17 into the sideslip for the final approach. Flaps down, check the landing gear one last time (lights both on), end of the runway passing under the nose: then reduce power to engines for the flare-out. He felt the big rubber tires bounce slightly and reconnect with the tarmac and they were down and coasting, gingerly pumping the brakes. He maneuvered the ship around the driveways to their hardstand and positioned the nose and cut power. There, across the driveway, sat the nose-less wonder, Shoo Fly, home for hours ahead of them.
“Yowza!” shouted Mitchell, the tail gunner. He always did that for luck, for next time.
The crew filed, dropped, bent and crawled out of the bowels of their ship, Hard Luck. It had been the worst, by far, and most memorable of their combat missions. They didn’t know it yet, but the rest would be milk runs. They had shared the privilege of being in on the Third Reich’s last hurrah air defense.
For a couple of minutes they tried counting flak holes in their airplane. There were too many to give an accurate total and they argued and laughed. Carrying their kit and high altitude gear, they began to walk slowly to the waiting truck.
In the cockpit, McConnell looked wordlessly at his pilot, waiting to see what should be done with Morris.
“Let him go,” the pilot said quietly. He was looking sympathetically at the flakked up copilot, wondering what his responsibility demanded that he do. He’d think about it longer. McConnell undid the radio cords and Morris rubbed his wrists without looking at either of them. He was deeply ashamed. Both of them could see that.
Morris hit the buckle and threw off his security harness and quickly went past both of them to the hatch. Then they could see him through the side window trailing the rest of the crew.
The pilot still sat in his harness not moving.
“You okay, Lieutenant?” his engineer asked with a worried frown.
“Yes. Just give me a minute. You go with the other men. I just want to sit here for a minute and think.”
“Okay, Skipper.” McConnell sounded unsure and slowly turned for the opened hatch in the floor. He let himself down and stuck his head back under the hatch. “You want us to wait for you?”
“No, that’s okay. You can go. I’ll just wait for the next truck.”
He watched McConnell walking toward the truck where his crew was already waiting, and he looked down at his harness in mounting turmoil.
“What the hell is the matter with me?” he said aloud. He was feeling very peculiar. All of this was as if he had been here and done it all before. Suddenly, the entire mission from beginning to end had a surreal déjà vu quality about it. And that was what made his perturbation even more upsetting. He couldn’t, if his life depended on it, remember how to get out of his safety harness.
“And I think Morris is crazy!” he said loudly and his short bark of derisive laughter sounded fearful. He looked down at himself, at his gear, and started to finger each item as if it was for the first time. Yet he had done all of this before. For what seemed like the longest time he fumbled at the flak vest, wondering what it was for – before realizing that he had to get the harness off first before he could get out of the vest. He muttered to himself about being a crazy sonofabitch and the muttering did no good.
In total exasperation he let go and looked up and outside the cockpit. He slid the side window back and let in the cool air. The nearby farm fields mingled fresh grass with heated tarmac and oil and machinery, the tools of modern warfare. Closing his eyes he sat back and let his breathing calm down. This is nuts, he thought. I’ve been flying B-17s for two years. I’ve put on and taken off these straps thousands of times. I’ve just been through hell and back again. So of course I’m rattled. I’ll get it in just a minute. So I’ll just wait.
He kept his eyes closed, and saw a vision on the backside of his eyelids. An old, old man sat in a wheelchair in a nursing home in a room with sunlight coming through the window, just like now coming through the windows of the cockpit. The old, old man was fumbling with the restraints on his wheelchair that pinned him around his middle and he couldn’t figure them out. He was mumbling and starting to drool. Beside the old, old man was a middle-aged man, looking on sadly and not saying or doing anything, just watching and thinking his own thoughts. I know this young man, the pilot thought, and his mind flopped at the weirdness of a twenty-one year-old man calling a man in his fifties a young man. And then it was with a strange realization that he saw the old, old man as himself, and the younger man was his son. And the old, old man was dying, shutting down. There was one thing left to do. Get out of the wheelchair and into the bed so that he could go to sleep and come swiftly toward death.
As if the son sensed this, he got up and faced his father, unbuckled him and helped him up. “Come on Dad, I’ll get you into bed. You’ve fought that danged seatbelt long enough.”
The old, old man mumbled something and the son caught “thank you son” somewhere in it, or believed that he did. With his arms around his father’s middle the son backed toward the bed, turned to the left and clumsily laid his father down, then bent and lifted his legs up and pulled the sheet and single, thin blanket over them. “There you go, Dad. Now you can get some sleep,” Gilford Clover said. He went out to the nurses’ desk and told them that he had put his father to bed. Then he drove home. It was the last time he saw his father before he died.
In the old, old man’s mind, he saw himself back at Thorpe Abbotts, sitting in his pilot’s seat of a B-17 that the rest of the crew called Hard Luck. But he never joined in and had even forgotten that their ship had had a name. He looked down at his harness and it was undone. He was free to go. There was no memory of taking it off. He must have released it unconsciously…
State of Grace
“Someone has to do it, and so this is what I do,” the prisoner said, as his jailors stood aside and he followed the Grand Master out of the dungeon. Another attack of fatalism coursed through Prince Reynaud’s body as he said the words and he tittered insanely.
The Grand Master didn’t react to the sound except for an imperceptible set to his mouth that mirrored the disdain he felt for the Lord of Oultre Jordaine. But the Knights Templar and their faction at court wanted an end to this cowardly peace between the kingdom of Jerusalem and the Infidels. And Prince Reynaud, more bandit chieftain than prince of anything, was the perfect tool to accomplish the breaking of the truce.
Prince Reynaud had been arrested and imprisoned, as part of the demands of the Sultan of Egypt in order to secure the truce. But between the propaganda of the Grand Master and the persuasions of the queen (who listened in all things to her mother, the incarnation of Melusine), the feckless king had finally allowed himself to be persuaded that Reynaud had been cowed and would not dare to break the fragile peace that the greatly outnumbered Christian kingdom so desperately needed.
With his escort of Templar knights on horseback, the “Wolf of the Desert” was returned to his impregnable castle of Kerak, above the cliffs overlooking the east shores of the Dead Sea. And in less than a month he had lived up to his epithet. Issuing from his fortress with his knights and mercenaries, they fell upon a caravan trusting in the truce and wending its peaceful way south toward Egypt. The slaughter was completed in less than an hour, and carrion birds descended to feed on the mangled and outraged corpses of men, women, children and beasts. A few high-born prisoners were taken back to Kerak for ransom.
Of course the Sultan of Egypt declared the truce broken by this latest outrage of his greatest enemy. He paid the ransom for his captive sister and vowed personal revenge.
The Sultan of Egypt spent a whole year mustering the full strength of his empire. Then he descended in righteous anger upon the Frankish kingdom of Jerusalem. His host of horsemen was formidable in their bows and arrows, javelins, lances and armor. The host of footmen out of Egypt was innumerable. In their wake came the hordes of Bedouin auxiliaries, always flocking like carrion packs to the battlefield for plunder. Over the entire army of Islam floated the banners of both Caliphates, blessing the enterprise with the approbation of Allah and jihad.
This time there was to be no turning back until the Franks were swept into the sea. And it was the direct fault of a scheming handful of Crusader leaders, and the action of their tool, the Lord of Kerak and Oultre Jordaine, Prince Reynaud, the Wolf of the Desert. The whole kingdom of Jerusalem quivered in dread and prepared for a miracle or death.
In his isolated mind, Reynaud beat upon invisible walls that continued to close in and block out the Divine Light. He could not sleep. Wenching in the town below Kerak’s soaring bastions only underscored his frustration with living. It was all coming to an end soon enough and the only thing that he asked of heaven was to watch the world burn with him.
On the fatal day of battle he was in the forefront of the fighting, taking horse after horse from his vassals as each mount was killed under him in turn by arrows. He sought death and made for himself a legend of personal courage and prowess that endured down the ages, equal to his perfidy and lack of personal honor. He sought out death in battle and was denied.
The kingdom’s army was destroyed and Reynaud made captive with the king, Grand Master and a handful of other great lords. They were taken to the Sultan’s personal tent and bade to sit upon the carpeted ground. The Sultan himself poured water into goblets of silver and cups of gold-chased ivory and with his own hands refreshed his prisoners as if they were guests – except that he slowly and pointedly passed by the Lord of Kerak as if he was invisible, handing the goblet of snow-cooled water to the king of Jerusalem.
As the Sultan handed another cup of water to the Grand Master, the king of Jerusalem shared his cup with the Wolf of the Desert.
Seeing this, the Sultan paused and looked directly at the king and said: “You give that man water, not I.”
The words were laden with import and menace. For a Muslim who gives hospitality to a man cannot in honor harm him afterward in any way. The Lord of Kerak continued to quench his thirst, draining the goblet and swinging it wide toward servants for more. His outer mien was unperturbed. Inwardly he engaged with the Sultan, soul to soul, his eyes burning into the Sultan’s back.
Once his guests were refreshed with water, the Sultan clapped his hands and servants came forward with fresh fruits and sweet meats and their goblets and cups were refilled. The servants passed by The Wolf of the Desert and he alone sat on the ground with nothing to eat. This time, the king of Jerusalem hesitated to offer his vassal from his own plate.
The Sultan sat back on his divan, with one hand raised to stroke his short beard while his other hand lay on the jewel-encrusted hilt of his sword. He never took his eyes off the form of his mortal enemy. Usually mild, those dark brown lights to the soul now smoldered with a bated joy and hatred that knew no equal.
Looking at the Sultan timorously, the king of Jerusalem saw nothing amiss in handing Prince Reynaud a peach and cluster of dates. The Lord of Kerak tore at the fruits with as much relish as if he consumed meat.
“You have given that man food, not I,” said the Sultan with an even voice.
The menace in those quiet words stopped each prisoner where he sat. Food hung in the air and mouths went slack. All else was forgotten as the Sultan got swiftly to his feet and stood before Prince Reynaud, upbraiding him with his long list of crimes.
He had kept Muslims in his dungeons and starved them rather than accept ransom. 
Time and again he had ridden to plunder and slay innocent caravans, and invaded during times of truce, repeatedly breaking the peace for his own personal aggrandizement.
His audacious building of a fleet of pirate ships on the Red Sea, and his raids up and down the coasts, burning and slaying before the Sultan’s fleet had finally trapped and annihilated the pirates, were infamous throughout the Muslim world.
The list of crimes was long and detailed.
Throughout it all, Prince Reynaud affected deafness and continued to devour fruits from the king’s own plate. Everyone in the tent was struck from stone except the Sultan and the object of his righteous outrage.
“Yes, I understand,” Reynaud finally said without looking at the Sultan. “I am the better man and it galls you to admit it.”
“You dare!” the Sultan hissed and fell back one step, amazed at the sheer effrontery of the man.
“Gerard,” the Lord of Kerak said to the Grand Master, “toss me that kebab of savory lamb, will you.
“I know, I know, he’s the one giving me food, not you,” he said, mocking the Sultan with his sardonic eyes and voice.
He looked back at the motionless Grand Master and snapped his fingers impatiently, then started to reach across the king to take up the meat himself.
With an inarticulate scream of rage, the Sultan drew his curved sword and in a single movement too swift to follow sliced nearly through Prince Reynaud’s neck. Bright red blood fountained from the gaping wound, drenching the carpet at the Sultan’s feet.
With a gurgling grin, the Wolf of the Desert slumped over. The king yelled and fell back out of the way, cringing against the legs of the Sultan’s warriors that lined the inside of the tent walls.
With a motion of his hands, the Sultan bade two of them to pick up the mortally wounded Reynaud and carry him outside. Grabbing him under the armpits they dragged the bleeding man through the tent doorway and dumped him casually on the parched ground. The nearly severed head lolled grotesquely.
His body had no feeling. The sky was like a bowl of blued steel overhead. Sunlight filled his dimming eyes and he opened them wider trying to meet that Divine Light as the darkness roared up to overwhelm his consciousness.
“It’s what I do. Somebody has to do it,” he said in his mind, and he awoke…
A Real Dream
“Boy, what a dream I just had!
“I was riding my bike to work. No. Actually, this was one of those stupid dreams like you used to have as a kid, where you dreamed that your mom woke you up for school, you dressed in dread (wishing it was Saturday and not a weekday) and you ate your breakfast and started out for the bus stop. Then at some point along the way you woke up and discovered that you were still in bed and your mom was just now waking you up for school. What a bummer! Now you had to go through it all over again. Anyway, that’s what my dream was like. I got up for work and dressed and etcetera. Then I set out for work on my bike as usual. I got to the 39th Street bridge and had just crossed the freeway. It was totally dark and my bike light wiggled feebly like grey milk on the road. It was foggy too. Suddenly a pair of headlights stabbed at me. A huge cement truck growled up out of the fog on my right, turning towards me. I cursed the fool driver who didn’t see me! I stood up and pedaled frantically but the mountainous bulk of the truck loomed larger. Swiftly he turned into me and his bumper crushed down my rear wheel. I screamed as I came off my bike. The only thing my helmet was good for was keeping me conscious for one split second longer as the implacable rolling tread of one enormous tire came right at my face!
“Boy! What a dream! I woke up and found myself sitting on the edge of the bed. I kept feeling my face to see if it was okay. I could still feel the bones crushing like cornflakes, my sight blocked out by all that gravel-impacted rubber. The pressure had popped my eyes out just before my brain quit receiving and I woke up. Here I am, thank God.
“Well. Dreams sure are weird sometimes. Don’t you think so?”
She gave a sad little enigmatic smile while she combed her hair before the vanity. She said nothing and didn’t look at him.
He got off the bed in a huff. His wife did not really listen to him. He wouldn’t have bothered her with the details of the dream, except that it had seemed so real and it had just come spilling out. He went and dressed for work.
Then he was riding through the fog, for real this time. He could smell the trapped smoke in it, the poisons from the passing cars too. He coughed gently, clearing his throat again and again. The whole ride had déjà vu imprinted on it – because of the dream, of course.
But the ride felt wrong. It lacked timing. His mind kept wandering and coming back. And each time he consciously returned to the present he would find himself either hardly far enough down the road for how long he had been thinking, or else he would be impossibly far into his hour-long commute to work for how short a time he had been lost in thought. All the effects of that weird dream, he said to himself.
Divorce: that was the only solution. Of course, she would get custody. It was his infidelity, not any fault of hers. It had all started with office hugs – harmless, utterly harmless. They did not mean anything except friendly warmth in the group of men and women that he worked with each day. But somehow his mind had denied what his body admitted. That he liked to hug the hot ones and only hugged the plainer and older sort because he didn’t want anyone to accuse him of being sexually motivated in his friendly affections. His male parts knew the difference, retreating when patting the fat, pressing forward in full appreciation of the excuse that allowed him to linger and embrace curvaceous, firm office girl flesh.
His mind wandered to Brandy and her dusky, musky ardor. It had all begun hugging at the office and ended (or began in physical earnest) in her apartment. That girl loved office hugs more than he did! Her innocent suggestion that he come and look over her challenging stereo system problem, then sit and listen to her music when he fixed everything and got her surround-sound working, then her getting them both drinks and sitting down with one mini-skirted flank pressed up against his leg: well, that only led to groping and the full Monty within minutes. End of story. Brandy liked her men. She still had him from time to time. He had branched out as well and by then was quite the swinger himself.
Flashing lights – red and white and blue strobes shivering in the fog. He came back to the present and slowed the bike. The emergency vehicles that sported the garish lights were parked on the verge up ahead. He saw figures bending-leaning to their task of ministering to a fallen person on the ground he could not see because of the motionless cement truck. Pulling up behind the scene and stopping his bike, he felt a shiver sweep through him as he recognized where he was. Below the 39th Street bridge the freeway traffic crawled by with early morning sluggishness, their hundreds of headlights connecting to each other in the foggy air, tires hissing like the flowing of a muffled river.
Paramedics had lifted the body to a stretcher and bore it away now to the open doors of the ambulance. The face was covered, but nothing could hide all the blood, soaking through the cloth where the head should be. He saw the twisted bicycle under the cement truck’s tires.
“Hey!” he called out. “Who is that? What happened here?”
But no one acknowledged his presence. No one answered and no one looked back at him.
The ambulance pulled slowly away. He felt drawn by it and got on his bike, following the flashing lights and sirens away into the fog…
The Death of a House
Mother was the only Primrose that turned out normal.
She was the youngest. Perhaps coming last improved on the seven siblings that came before. More likely, though, it was because that little girl came along twelve years after the former baby of the family, her brother Earl. And shortly after Mother came into the world (a complete surprise to her father), her mother succumbed to a sudden seizure, leaving the baby to be raised by the spinster daughter, Adel Primrose. She was thirty one and still at home.
Grandpa went through three more wives before he died fifteen years later. All the children had moved away long before, except Adel. And when Mother left home to marry at the age of eighteen, Adel (Aunt Addy to all of us) remained in the old ramshackle house.
In my day the place must have been a hundred and twenty years old by the time I made my first visit to the tiny town of Emery Utah. The house was a combination of old pioneer stone work, extended later to include two frame wings and an immense upstairs and attic. Every time I saw that willow-enclosed house it looked the same: grey shingles on a steep, crooked roof, faded yellow paint that seemed to regenerate flakes (it was always peeling, forever it appeared to me, and it still remains a mystery how that sad expanse of weathered wood kept shedding yellow all those years and had any paint left on the day Aunt Addy died); smoky windows that sucked in the light but killed it somehow once it got inside; old browned wall paper that just got darker and darker as the years of my youth fled by; old, old, Old, OLD things crammed into every room – stuff that mostly originated from the nineteenth century, ‘cause Aunt Addy hated to buy anything new when the old would serve; and she made double sure that it usually did, getting it repaired over and over again, or fixing it herself, reconstituting the moribund items of her home with a few more years of life.
I usually visited once each summer, along with my two brothers. By the time our baby sister came along, Aunt Addy was mature in years and tired of playing hostess to children. She had never married, and never moved from the house where she had taken her first breath of life in this world. She always looked the same to me, until just recently when her stomach began to give out on her. Aunt Addy was ageless. That is, she was always old. My earliest impression of her when I was brought to Emery to stay over-night, for the first time, was of a plump, grey-haired woman with rectangular glasses that she was always looking over the tops of. Her eyes were very bright and filled with either stern fire or great humor, in about equal portions on any given day. She always wore old clothes. In fact, she was buried in a dress of her mother’s that she also had worn to each of her siblings’ and nephews’ and nieces’ weddings, and to funerals or other important town gatherings through the years.
My lasting impression of Emery is, unsurprisingly, Aunt Addy’s house and Aunt Addy herself. They are bound together in my mind. I cannot think of one without the other immediately filling my thoughts with old memories.
The weirdest thing about that falling-down house was the way it stayed up. I mean, there were cracks in the walls and spidering out across the ceilings; and the roof sagged lower and lower in some places, the shingles actually parting to let in the daylight up in the spooky cavern of Addy’s attic. The cracks and sag became more noticeable but somehow the whole house stayed viable, even keeping out the weather, though for the life of me I don’t know how that was possible. Maybe Aunt Addy herself, by force of will or by her faith (she never missed a Sunday meeting, except when ill, and that was rare), kept the whole edifice afloat. I almost have to believe that. Because when she left less than one month before she died, she must have taken an invisible power from that old house with her, and without that the whole place quickly fell apart.
But this is not about my Aunt or her house, at least not exactly. This is about how she died, and what happened just before that.
(I could tell a book full of tales about my childhood explorations of Addy’s huge, rambling, stale-smelling home. It was the largest in Emery and maybe the oldest too. And it was filled to bursting with the coolest stuff a small boy could hope to see in one place at the same time. I went there each summer for a few days while my parents got away alone, until I was thirteen. Then Aunt Addy decided that she was through taking “a horde of wild, little barbarians” for even one weekend. I was hurt. Not so much because I loved my eccentric Aunt, but because I felt that somehow I had over-stayed me welcome, and now I would not be able to sneak through the Stygian corners of that vast attic anymore, or slide down the claustrophobic throat of the laundry chute, or play hide and seek in the dusty, cluttered rooms and narrow hallways and closets. I could tell stories of how we lived those few days each year in a musty realm that felt like a haunted mansion, and went in delicious dread of its chatelaine. Aunt Addy had a way of sneaking up on us when we thought we were alone. Some rooms were off-limits and all the more enticing for that. And inevitably she would find us out if we trespassed. Her discipline, her anger, her lecturing and preaching took a hefty toll of my time and I reckon I was a trial to her, and thus my guilt feelings when she finally said, “enough”, and our annual adventures had an end.)
At the ripe age of ninety-three, Aunt Addy went with Mother to the K Mart in Salina and bought a new refrigerator. It was the first appliance that Aunt Addy had consented to purchase in at least 25 years. The old fridge would no doubt have continued to suffice if only there had been anyone alive in the country who knew how to fix it and obtain parts. The new fridge looked totally out of place in the dimness of her museum-of-a-kitchen. It was basic white and shone in the corner like an icon. Mother made sure the freezer was stocked with frozen meat before she left.
The only other thing Aunt Addy had bought during my lifetime (that I know of) was the TV. It came equipped with a prompter because she was quite deaf now and refused to get a hearing aid. The TV stood beneath the livingroom picture window (a misnomer, that one, because the drapes were almost always drawn). It looked as new and out of place there in all that aged, century-old furniture, as the new fridge did in the kitchen.
Mother came home that night and complained about her nephew, Myron, who was hanging around his aunt’s house and spying out what he planned to take when she died. Myron was twenty-one years older than Mother (his “Auntie Larue”). He was eighty-three, juvenile in speech and mannerisms, and acquisitive, greedy and shameless.
“Oh that man!” Mother said the next Sunday. She stirred the butter into the potatoes for our monthly family get-together. Her anger threatened to break the bowl with the beater. “Addy and I had just seen the refrigerator installed when Myron shows up and goes over to it. He almost slobbered at the sight of all that frozen beef. He said: ‘Aunt Addy, why don’t you invite me and the family over for steaks Sunday?’ Addy was in no mood for him and told him she would be out of town. Myron closed the fridge door and started going around the house like he always does, lifting this, moving that, just like she was already in her grave and all of that house his and nobody else’s. We have to watch out, or else Myron will have the place cleaned out before the rest of the family can so much as budge.”
It was common family lore, that Aunt Addy was very rich indeed, having spent only a miser’s amount over the years when absolutely necessary. I guess it was partly my fault that the belief got started among the family that she had squirreled away money over the years, hiding it all over the house. Once in my exploring I had ventured into the room of one of her boarders (a forbidden zone for sure! When the Emery Hotel burned down, back in the Fifties, she had let out the upstairs rooms for the better part of a decade, until she had finally realized that there would never be another hotel. She grew tired of the constant presence of boarders and stopped taking them in). The man was out and I brazenly sorted through all his belongings. In passing by the wardrobe I happened to notice that it had been slid out from the wall about one inch (children notice things like that). Bending down I peered with one eye along the wall and spotted a dull gleam back in there. Of course I tried to pull the old wardrobe further away from the wall, but the weight of it defeated me. Looking around the room, I spied the occupant’s golf clubs. The putter fit the slot between wardrobe and dingy wall exactly. I snagged it back in there and pulled it down and toward me. Buried treasure in the form of silver coins came rolling out. They were old silver dollars, a half dozen or so of them by the time I finally gave up trying to fish out anymore. I don’t know if I would have told anyone or not. But before I could decide, or put them in my pocket, the claw of doom settled upon my shoulder from behind. Without a word Aunt Addy marched me out of that room and down the stairs. She took the money away and gave me one of her longest stares, followed by an even more eternal sermon on respecting other’s privacy. I made the mistake of mentioning this incident, years later, at a rare Primrose family reunion, and to Cousin Myron of all people. I still don’t know what perversity in me prompted that indiscretion. From that time on, the whole family would wonder out loud to each other, from time to time, just how much do you think Aunt Addy has stashed away in the walls and floors of that old house? I don’t think that anybody really believed it, except Cousin Myron of course.
Having Myron around Aunt Addy’s house made Mother both protective and nervous. Mother and Father lived up in Salt Lake City, a fair piece away from Emery. And even though she managed to get down to see our aunt most weekends Mother felt Myron’s vulture-like presence close in behind her just the moment she left to return home.
Of the eight children in Mother’s family, only she, Earl and timeless Adel Primrose survived. But there was a waiting mob of half a hundred or more nieces and nephews of two and a half generations. At the head of the list was Myron, the eldest son of an eldest son. He was like his deceased father in every essential aspect (he certainly looked like his father’s pictures to me) and Aunt Addy loathed him. I know this to be true, even though she was noble enough not to talk about him behind his back, and was always polite when Myron was around. I know Aunt Addy hated the scavenger presence of Cousin Myron because of what happened to him when she died. Before that, you would have to say that I suspected her feelings, but didn’t know for sure. I do remember seeing her lips go thin when she heard his sunny, “Hello Auntie Addy.” She would master herself. But even a preteen boy can be insightful, and I thought at the time that she wished that Myron would drop dead.
Aunt Addy got sick with stomach pains about half a year ago. She finally went to the doctor when nothing she knew how to do did any good. It was a malignant tumor of the bowels. At her advanced age it was inoperable. The doctor told her that she had less than three months to live and sent her home with a powerful pain killer.
That was two months ago, now she’s gone and buried and her house is gone too. So is Myron. Things happen in threes, so the old adage goes.
Anyway, on the first of last month, Mother went down to Emery and fetched Aunt Addy up to Salt Lake City. She put her into a nursing home where she could receive full medical care. Mother visited her every day. Other relatives trickled in and made their last farewells.
We happened to be there on the very day Aunt Addy died. She was slumped down, her balding head lifting and settling as she breathed with increasing effort. During the short time that Aunt Addy had been up here, away from her home in Emery, she had faded away with incredible speed. Each day you could see the change as death quickly stole over her. It was graphically etched in her thinned, bent body, her face that lost its familiar shape and lines and became the vapid and shriveled visage of a total stranger. My son was in her room when it happened. For the last several days she had not awakened, and before that she had not recognized anyone. Now, suddenly, she sat upright and opened her eyes. My son said, “Aunt Addy, are you awake? It’s me, Brad. Do you know me?” She seemed to look at him without blinking for a long moment. Then her lips twitched with a smile, she closed her eyes and lowered her head to her thin breast again and simply quit breathing.
Later that day, after the women had fixed her up, combed her hair and put her in her favorite dress, and folded her hands on her bosom, we were all standing around in her room looking at her and talking a little.
Many of the first generation of nieces and nephews (my generation, although none of them were as young as the four of us) had come to see Aunt Addy at the nursing home. Even her younger brother, Earl, showed up at the last minute. He came tottering in, a seventy-something year-old man with his little doughy-looking spouse. In his hands were two pots of flowers. They came up to the bed, smiling and embarrassed to enter a roomful of so many quiet people. Then Earl noticed that Addy was dead. He stammered and his cheeks quivered. Then he blurted:
“I told you we should have come sooner.” He turned to his wife and stuffed the pots of flowers in her face. “Now what are we going to do with these?” He stomped out of the room leaving his wife holding the flowered pots precariously against her shoulders.
It struck me as funny and I laughed, which shocked many in the room and ought to have embarrassed me but for some reason it didn’t. I took the pots from her and my ironic humor got a smile out of her at least.
Myron did not show up while his aunt died. He was too busy. The very day that Mother delivered Addy to the nursing home, Myron came over to her house and began his pillaging of the place, beginning with the fridge and the stock of frozen steaks.
The morning after Aunt Addy slipped away, Mother was fixing breakfast for her gathered family. The phone rang and she answered it. “Yes, this is her sister Larue,” she said. Then I heard her say: “I see. How did it happen?” She stood with her head down for a while, and then she said: “And when did it happen?”
By then we were all listening around the breakfast table. When she hung up the phone her face wore an odd mixture of triumph and guilty pleasure:
“That was Sheriff Mason down in Emery. He just wanted us to know that Adel’s nephew, Myron, is dead. It seems that he was struck on the back of the head by falling debris from a ceiling. He was clearing out Adel’s things yesterday and rammed a door frame while dragging a trunk. The ceiling gave way and his skull was crushed. As near as can be determined the time of death occurred around noon.”
We looked at each other feeling strange: Aunt Addy had died at 11:53 AM.
“That’s certainly too bad,” Dad said, breaking the silence. “But Myron should have known better than to abuse that old house. It’s been ready to collapse for years.”
I heard the interchange between them, unspoken though it was: “Myron got what he deserved.”
Silently, I added: And Aunt Addy got her wish. Myron dropped dead.
By the time we arrived in Emery for the double funeral, the entire house was falling apart. I could hardly believe it. The whole place looked like no one had lived there for half a century…
Out of the Gene Pool
The grandfather and his grandson, a mere child of nine years, were in the car. The grandfather was “driving” which involved little enough while they were moving along the road. The onboard computer was equipped – as with all cars – with GPS (global positioning system) and magnetic repelling sensory detection (MARESE-commonly pronounced “mere-see” as in the French for “merci beaucoup”). This meant that in fact the driver had nothing to do once the departure and destination were set. He and his passengers could chat or refresh themselves, play games, watch movies or sleep at their pleasure while the car hummed along at quite ninety mph 200 feet above the ground. MARESE was seldom necessary and was only for emergencies, caused by traffic inadvertently getting into a “lane” going the wrong way. A palpable bump of two cars avoiding the head-on collision as they were magnetically pressed apart would perhaps shake up the passengers, and might be the only indicator that an accident had been prevented. But such incidences were rare anymore. Nevertheless the MARESE was standard equipment onboard all vehicles
So the grandfather demonstrated by the personal handling of his car that he was in fact one of that minority segment of society known as Espees, “5-S-P’s”, “five-senses-people” who insisted on living their 24/7 in the physical world. It was a derogatory appellation, because World-Wide-Database (WWDB) denizens believed that their living choice tapped into “the Sixth Sense”, bypassing the gross flesh (of the mere five sense) to live directly inside the brain where all sensation and reality could be heightened to a maximum pitch. The only thing the body was good for was to keep the brain alive.
And of course the grandfather used this valuable time with his grandson to educate the boy on the real world and the wonders of living outside the WWDB. This was the same uphill battle against Babylon that his Mormon forbears had fought now for three-hundred years. There were a few other “radicals”. Most prominently the Amish and Israelis and some Muslim fanatics rumored to be holding out in the Arabian Peninsula. Tibetans and other Asians in the remote north also prominently refused the WWDB.
But nobody anywhere was utterly divorced from it, because everyone had the bulk of their relatives and friends living inside the WWDB. And the system of world provisional government was organized to facilitate this decision as effortlessly as possible. It was the desired way for people to behave.
“Radicals” who insisted on living in the physical world of the bodily five senses were viewed as somewhat cracked in the head, at the least, and as potentially dangerous at the worst. They were constantly monitored. Inside the WWDB they were all known and a daily – even hourly – accounting of their whereabouts was continually updated.
These physical people were essential, nevertheless, because somebody had to do the maintenance on the infrastructure of their automated society. Computers needed repair. Food needed growing, processing and distributing. Machinery of all kinds everywhere needed service and repair from time to time. 
The road the car followed was a seldom used one, but even the main thoroughfares were only lightly used. To a visitor from outer space it would appear by outward physical signs that Earth was barely inhabited. The many cities looked largely deserted and falling into ruins. Between the large, decaying cities were the small, open towns of the “radicals”, bucolic amidst their farm fields, surrounded by Nature booming back big-time. Everywhere, animals were increasing in numbers, many of them the descendants of former domesticated livestock and pets. Wild cats of all sizes and varieties and packs of dogs were the most numerous and prolific predator species among the resurgence of wildlife. Elsewhere the enormous automated farms hummed with soulless activity, overseen by a handful of techies.
But this illusion of depopulation would vanish once the visitor entered the rows of blockhouse buildings, apartments and condominiums that clustered on the edges of the largest cities. These residences were where the denizens of the WWDB were kept alive in tubs of osmosis fluid, their bodies quiescently stimulated by electrical impulses in the fluid to keep the muscles from atrophying. Each occupant of the tubs was hooked to the WWDB via cables to their brains, the electric wires inserted under the scalp especially near the hippocampus and medulla oblongata. But each hookup was a fine-tuned, individual arrangement. No two were exactly alike. Some denizens required only two or three hookups, while others’ heads looked like they were sprouting a growth of wire hair. The body was tended to, fed intravenously, cleansed, exercised and simulated to keep it healthy, all accomplished by the osmosis tubs and overseen by the techies as they made their regular inspection rounds.
The ages-old adage, “my body is merely a vehicle to carry my brain around”, had thus been taken to this extreme. The WWDB bypassed all the sensory input of the body-proper and communicated via the cables directly to the centers of the brain that nature had determined should be informed through the five senses. Thus divorced of that dependency upon the gross physical, the brain could be filled with information without that nonessential medium of the flesh. And the flesh had become ergo a mere receptacle to the brain. If there had been any way to dispense with the body altogether in order to keep the brain viable most denizens of the WWDB would have agreed to it. But a healthy body was indeed essential in order to keep a brain healthy and alive.
And so these hypothetical visitors to Earth would see some two to three billions of comatose humans reclined in tubs of agitated fluids, while a mere one hundred and fifty millions of “normal” people dotted the open land – farming, traveling and servicing the infrastructure and its populace of “emancipated” players, gamers, entertainers and voyeurs.
All of the WWDB was very “real” to those inside of it, and not one whit had any physical substance outside of the computers and their programming. The ultimate virtual reality held sway there. Anyone could appear on the Common (the public forum) as they wished. All voting was taken individually there. And they could engage each other in games and “worlds” of their own devising where only imagination posed any limitation. Endless, virtual partying, adventure, pseudo danger, violence-dealing and sex were to be had without stinting!
 It was necessary for Espees to conduct all their business in the world via the database. There was no other option. But when Espees hooked up to communicate with the WWDB they almost always rebelled and did so with a standard monitor and voice-activated consol. To those within the database the visiting Espees were about as accessible as a substandard recording. Sort of like the difference between a low volume radio broadcast and full surround-sound. Or the difference between listening to a real orchestra and hearing it in mono analogue. Communication of basic information was possible, but the experience to a database denizen was colorless, tasteless, utterly devoid of personal contact.
As the years had passed, this separation of the two groups had created an ironic viewpoint-counter-viewpoint. The database denizens saw those who refused to live amongst them as not even half alive because they lacked real faces and voices and bodies. While the Espees saw with their physical eyes the deadness of the inert flesh of those they tended to in the real world, and shuddered at the mere thought of giving into such a pseudo life. Aware of this attitude of the “radicals”, the denizens of the WWDB referred to their shared “world”, in self-mockery, as “The Matrix”, deliberately calling association to the classic six-movie series of over a century ago. And the WWDB population refused to leave their environment except when unavoidable – such as an impending natural disaster or the rare emergency evacuation of their apartment complex, etc. The world provisional government resided there, and it was there that Espees had to go to account for themselves, to receive their work orders and make their reports. They were indispensable to the WWDB populace, but they were suspected and their presence disliked.
The grandfather was the president of the Mormon people (and religion). He was also a retired techy who still “kept his hand in” by looking after the block apartment complexes on the outskirts of Salt Lake City where the bulk of his immediate family resided, each to his or her osmosis tub. He had relatives all over the United States, and used any excuse to travel to visit those of his family who, like himself, had renounced the WWDB to live in the empirical world. As the leader of his people he was often called upon to report to the world provisional government. And it was for this purpose that he was now traveling to D.C. The physical relocation was technically unnecessary. But the Government “regulations” required it.
He valued all physical contact with his descendants as teaching moments. So the grandfather spent less concentration on the road now and more on his cherished grandson, the eldest of only four allowed.
It had been determined years before that the earth’s human population would not interfere with the ecology of the planet if it were kept within three billion souls mostly concentrated in the main cities. By judicious use of birth control the world’s population had been steadily reduced until now, theoretically, it was kept within the perfect balance. This meant that each couple was allowed two children and no more – if they wanted one or none that was considered fine too. Any grandparent could therefore expect only four grandchildren at most. That was the protocol at any rate. But times were changing.
Grandson and grandfather were glad of each others company and cherished this drive between S.L.C. and D.C. The grandfather’s knowledge of “back roads” made the trip long and relaxed. At nights they stopped to camp or stay at the rare wayside inn for travelers. They were nearing the east coast now and would arrive at the boy’s home tomorrow. This was their last night together, and because the boy was openly weary of camping out of doors, the grandfather relented and they spent that last night at an inn.
Although he wanted to, the grandson refrained from going to bed in the osmosis tub, and followed his grandfather’s example of rolling out his own bedding upon the floor.
The roadside inns were all automated. Travelers were always few on a given road and they were the only occupants. The rest of the inn stood vacant. Thick darkness of a deep forest night closed in and night critters made their noises that came through the opened windows.
In the darkness the two of them talked as they relaxed for sleep.
“So, tell me what you are going to do in school,” the grandfather prompted.
“Nothing special,” Twexcel answered.
“What’s your favorite class?”
“Game Science”, the boy answered at once.
“That’s a Database class,” the grandfather said.
“Of course, Grandpa,” Twexcel said indulgently.
“What’s your favorite outer world class?” The popular term bothered the grandfather as he said it.
“Ohhh, I don’t know. Maybe geography, I guess.”
“What do you like about that?”
“The maps, mostly. Especially the old ones. And the old pictures. Everything’s changed.”
“You can say that again.”
“Everything’s changed.”
“What an obedient boy,” he reached out and tousled his grandson’s hair. Twexcel chortled.
“So tell me, Twexcel, are your teachers letting you play in Library now?”
“Yeah. Just this year we started: we get an hour each day, usually; and a two-hour game on the last Friday before each quarter break.”
“I see. And what is your favorite game?”
“I like the racing cars and airplanes.”
“So you’re pretty good at the racing games, I take it.”
“I’m getting better. I’m about as good as the top of my class. But the older kids are better. They’ve been playing longer.”
“So, would you rather learn to race in your mind or with your mind and your body?”
“Both, I guess,” said the boy, trying to say what he knew his grandfather wanted to hear.
“If you know how to use your body you can live in the real world, and still enjoy the games.”
“But hardly anybody lives outside. And it’s a lot harder to learn fun things outside.”
“The most valuable things in life aren’t easy to learn, Twexcel.” He could sense his grandson retreating, so he said goodnight.
“I love you, Twexcel.”
“I love you too, Grandpa.”
And that was the end of Samuel Forkner’s wisdom that night, and for a while.
The meeting of leaders in D.C. was more disturbing than Samuel had anticipated. It broke from the routine. There was alarming news at the root of it.
After updating the World Council on his people’s work projects and giving the latest census report, he was prepared to wind up the meeting as usual. But the Elected Overseer faced Samuel’s monitor and zoomed himself in until his florid and affable features filled the screen.
“You are awfully quiet today, Samuel,” the Overseer said it like a question.
“What I am, is very busy, and I am thinking of all that I have to do when I am through here, Excellency.”
“I want your advice on a problem that has come to our attention,” the Overseer said.
“If I can be of service.”
“I am sure you can, president Forkner, I am sure you can indeed: your people are always reproducing at the legal limit.”
The rest of the council tittered and several leaned toward each other and shared quiet jokes, no doubt at the expense of the Mormons. The overseer waited indulgently for the laughter to stop before he continued:
“You see, The Matrix is sooo cool, that most people don’t want to leave it to, ahh, procreate. The world population is falling rapidly below the maximum optimum.”
“Is that necessarily a bad thing?” Samuel asked. “Less mouths to feed, less demand on food production and infrastructure. Fewer would be better, I should think.”
“Yes, you Espees would like us to go extinct, we know that!” snapped a fiendishly attractive woman. From her accent, Samuel supposed her body lay somewhere in Eastern Europe. He wondered, as always, what she really looked like, in the flesh.
“Now, now, let’s not be vicious Amanda darling,” lisped the Overseer.
“But what she says has made a point, president Forkner,” he continued. “In fact, the point precisely. New policies have been voted on by the World Council and passed unanimously, to meet this, ah, problem with dipping population. You see, we need to know that future generations are guaranteed.”
The pit of his stomach was knotting. Samuel could tell what was coming before the Overseer said it. His people, in fact all Espees everywhere, had been quietly dreading this for some time. They had seen the falling population long before it had become a worry to the denizens of the WWDB.
The request for “advice” had been purely rhetorical, it turned out.
“Firstly,” the Overseer held up a be-ringed index finger, “all limits on the reproduction of Espees are removed. We want you to breed like rabbits. Go to it man and, what a great way, to have a good time!”
The council cracked up at that. It took a few minutes to restore calm. Samuel fumed in silence, hoping that his one-dimensional image on the screen in the virtual World Council chamber conveyed only outer equanimity.
“Alright, that’s enough of that!” the Overseer said like the M.C. of a game show.  “Secondly,” he popped up a middle finger also heavily be-ringed, “all Espees offspring will enter The Matrix at three years of age. Thirdly,” up went another finger loaded with rings, “one Espee child per currently employed techy will be allowed to work on the outside, thus maintaining the existing, necessary workforce of techies. Fifthly, such designated techies will split their time fifty-fifty between The Matrix and outside until fully trained. Then they will report, inside, and rotate in shifts. No more full-time outside techies. You’re to be the last of that generation. These changes in policy are implemented as of this meeting.”
The girl was buck naked. Surf pounded on her right and clouds of every conceivable sunset hue decorated the heavens. Her fair floated loose in the wind that the powerful white horse under her created in its wild, full-speed gallop along the edge of the water. The rhythmic pounding always got the girl’s spot like nothing else ever could. She did this every day, sometimes several times a day – especially when her friends and she had another falling out over lovers. Her rides were always without any equipment, not even a bridle, because the horse was perfectly attuned to her mind and body. After all these years, the girl actually believed that she was the best rider in the world, in all of history.
So now she closed her eyes and rode with her arms straight in front of her, almost locked at the elbows, her fingers snarled in the whipped foam of the horse’s mane. Her torso and head rocked to the waves of passion swelling out through her whole body, from her spot that connected again and again and again with the curve in her horse’s back.
As she neared climax she began to keen like the wind in her ears and hair. Her mouth spasmodically opened wider as she sucked in the forced air, and an almost vapid smile played on her perfectly formed goddess face. She released one hand to reach up and caress her breasts worshipfully.
The moment was almost hers when the horse suddenly veered out into deep water. The shock of it was stunning. In an instant the girl was floundering neck deep in the surf, which then soared mountain-like over her face before dropping as an avalanche to crush and tumble her like a toy. The horse had separated from her the moment she was adrift in the sea and had gone inexplicably its own way, almost like disappearing it had happened so fast. Salt water forced its way into her bronchial passages and she choked, taking in more water deep into her lungs.
This can’t be happening! she screamed and actually heard the words as if she had uttered them with her mouth. Something’s wrong! But no matter how hard she tried she couldn’t disconnect from the sea. As she neared unconsciousness she thought she detected another – a presence that meant to kill her. Since she could not extricate herself from the smothering reality she could not fight back. And she died.
Somewhere in the world, at the same instant, an inert woman, bald, grossly fat and of indeterminate age, stopped breathing, and very soon after that the monitor to her osmosis tub flat-lined .All vital signatures were in that same mode, when later in the week a techy entered the apartment and found her reeking corpse oozing into the fluid of the tub.
He went over the girls in his hand-picked harem, and as he flipped through the pages the old angst of boredom settled into his whole system. The focus of course was squarely on his unit and libido. Time for an upgrade, he decided. He shut the book and started to arrange the scenario, to include everything that he found forbidden and startling.
Soon he saw himself walking the fog-shrouded back streets of London, dressed nattily in top-hat and expensive overcoat; under which he wore the full Monty of a high society Victorian gentleman out on the town. In his left hand he carried a walking stick with a solid gold knob under his palm that weighed nearly five pounds. The darkness hid his features under the wide brim of his hat. And he knew what those features looked like when he went out alone, among the crooked streets and alleys where footpads, cutpurses and cutthroats plied their trades and vices. He was the hunter, the greatest monster of them all!
The unsuspecting trio of young toughs marked the lone, well-dressed man and followed him deeper into the back streets along the river. Their prey seemed oblivious that he was being followed. And when the three thugs were quite sure he was indeed alone, they moved in on him with a rush.
Of course this was what the wandering, solitary man was waiting for. As the first youth came within reach the gentleman suddenly whirled about with the walking stick on high. The knife in the cutthroat’s hand darted away as the wielder cowered back in surprise and alarm. His two accomplices came up then and went left and right, their own knives making threatening moves toward the gentleman, who was now forced to look three directions at once. Oddly, he seemed unperturbed. The three assassins saw large white teeth gleaming from a wide smile in the blackness of the shadow cast by the top-hat. And into each of their minds came an image of monstrous terror: their plan then was to beat a rapid retreat and rethink this.
They were given no time. The heavy gold mace lashed down unerringly and crushed the bones in one arm, whirled away and descended like lightning on the pate of a second bad boy. Then the end of the walking stick plunged into the solar plexus of the third knocking the wind utterly out of him. In less time than it takes to draw a deep breath all three of them were out of the fight and that meant out of the running too. The gentleman returned to the first and finished him off with a blow to the side of the head which crushed his skull like an egg shell. The second was already unconscious so the gentleman focused on the third. He beat him soundly about the neck and ears, each blow resounding louder and louder in the shrilly protesting mind of the terrified footpad. When the gentleman was quite sure that his host was dead, he returned to the remaining pair of incapacitated hoodlums and likewise convinced each in turn that he was, indeed, murdered in the dank alley.
Laughing hugely up at the foggy stars the gentleman, feeling his libido now very up, stepped over the bleeding heads and went swiftly along the twisting alley of slimy cobblestones, looking for his real mark. The longer it took to find suitable prey the better it would be, now that his need was at a total pitch.
He wended his way toward the decrepit tavern where he knew that women low in the world plied the oldest trade of their sex. He was familiar with this neighborhood as he was with his own rooms. He had done this before when his need mastered all other concerns.  But as he approached the familiar haunt, he saw a lady step backward into the narrow street ahead of him. The long, fur-trimmed coat, the slim hands encased in sheer kid gloves, the pointed toes of high-heeled boots, the fringe of lustrous, dark hair, escaping from under an expensive hat, gleaming in the star-shine and gaslight of the lamp on the corner nearby, the exotic outline of her face, as she closed the door and looked first up then down the street, and saw him watching her – all, by that point, had driven the tavern and its bevy of easy girls quite out of his mind. Was she departing to go somewhere, or was she returning from this place to where she resided? He decided in an instant that this was a well-born woman finishing a tryst and intent on returning to her abode. He passed her and touched the brim of his top-hat courteously.
But his anticipation to turn about in the dark and follow her was rendered moot when the woman said:
“Ah, good sir,” and her voice was lusty and cultured and unafraid, which piqued his curiosity and raised his need to a new pitch of anticipation. “What serendipity, to cross paths with a gentleman in my moment of distress. Expediency has driven me alone into the inhospitable streets at this dangerous hour. And I am given a guardian to see me home, if you will be so gallant as to accompany me.”
He said something suitable and offered the lady his arm. They wended their way toward the main streets where the light and the traffic ought to keep the worst of the riffraff at bay. But at this hour, might she not have difficulty finding a cab? Of course, he would walk with her to the ends of London if that is what she required.
“Oh, it isn’t as far as that,” she laughed. And the sound of it seemed to come from deep in her throat. It made him tingle. Her intimate squeeze upon his arm stoked his fire.
Talking animatedly as they went, it wasn’t long before they knew each other well enough to feel intimate and as equals. He had made up a story of what took him into the night, and she had one ready as well. And both knew that the other was a rogue hiding in sheep’s clothing, yet neither admitted a thing. Which of us will get the advantage of the other? he wondered deliciously, but with the outcome never seriously a doubt in his mind.
The woman took him to her upscale apartments and let him in. They drank together and relaxed before her fire. She said her husband would be busy all that night because of business with his partners in high finance. The evening was theirs together.
She left it open to him to make the first move, which he did, taking her slowly in his arms and kissing her long and deeply. He undressed her and she him, playing each stage of the ritualized infidelity with agonizing delay. When she threw open the bedroom door for the final scene, he palmed the boot-knife as he followed her in and closed the door and locked it behind him. Then he turned and faced where she had positioned herself on the bed.
There wasn’t anything that he wanted that she wasn’t willing to do. His fever burned so hot by that point that he had forgotten caution. He was standing on the bed, bracing himself against the bed posts while she was busy kneeling facing him. The single lamp on the bed stand threw a heavy shadow across the woman’s face as she looked up at him unblinkingly. It was then that he noticed her eyes gleaming amber like a cat’s, and the lips parting to take him fully in showed teeth that were, pointed! Before he could think what to do she had clamped down on the root with a throaty growl of victory. His boot-knife was on the floor under the other side of the bed where he had set it down. He was utterly frozen in pain and instant panic. Something has gone wrong! he thought. This isn’t supposed to happen! But no amount of willpower changed what the feral creature with his manhood entirely trapped in her mouth was doing. Screaming also did no good, as she slowly chomped it off. She seemed immune to the pain of his fists beating upon her head and tearing at her hair. Of course, he bled to death in the locked room after she left him alone.
And somewhere in the world that night four men flat-lined, each one experiencing solitary, final and fatal incomprehension – to be found later in their osmosis tubs with no outward signs as to what had caused their shared demise.
She was the world’s greatest mystery writer. Each of her novels sold millions. And the revenue from her empire of fans is why she had this enormous house tucked far back in the Appalachians, with a security fence of electric current thrown around the more than one hundred acres of mountain forest, and armed guards and guard dogs patrolling and in the guardhouse at the mouth of the long drive. The manicured lawns and gardens, the fountains, tennis courts, pools and sports equipment for her and her husband and lover, seldom saw visitors. Aside from the hired help almost nobody saw the romantic pair except when they came out to mingle at parties, usually to celebrate her latest “triumph”.
What could possibly get to her, to them? It took some doing, but eventually the right recipe was hit upon. Jealousy, envy, revenge, the very stuff of her novels’ murderers, would suit nicely. First of all, the weakness of this puffed piece of egoistic self-worship was that she had run out of any original ideas many novels ago. Her husband was also squeezed dry of any helpful hints and was doing his level best to escape to the far reaches of their estate when she was angsting over how she was going to come up with her next killer of a plotline.
The obvious solution was to steal a plot from someone else. But to get her to do this, first someone she had contact with had to share the ideas with her. To accomplish this, there had to be an intimate, regular crossing of daily routines: because “the lady” never traveled.
Exit gardener, enter the new replacement.
Her gardens were very important to her. So the gardener had to be got out of the way first. This was accomplished by a traffic accident that was so believable that the gardener expired with alacrity on the scene. It was most horrific, involving a virtual decapitation.
The murder mystery writer was grief-stricken, naturally. She interviewed a number of applicants before finally just turning over the chore to her agency.
In comes the replacement gardener, looking almost the spitting image of the former. The bond, of course, was almost instantaneous. Writer and replacement gardener got on famously well from the get-go. The writer could hardly believe her luck: and she shouldn’t have.
It turned out that the gardener, coincidentally, was an aspiring writer too, but not of mystery stories. Her aspirations took her into the historical romance novel. Successful writers are naturally chary to reveal their developing plots to others, especially other writers. But soon enough, both rich maven and gardener-wannabe-novelist had sounded each other out. The gardener, of course, already knew of the fame and success of the worlds “best” murder mystery writer. But in getting to know her gardener, the dried up well of inspiration began to sniff toward her gardener like a bee to a flower blossom. This girl who made her living tending plants was filled with ideas!
It started subtly. The writer asked a probing question: “Maria, tell me, how do you think this reads? To me something isn’t quite right.” And then she recited a lengthy passage from her book that she was working on.
Maria the gardener, of course, said that it sounded quite fine. But if Mistress wouldn’t mind, she had a suggestion, just an idea that might work too. And Maria popped out with the tweak to the plot, like bait to the hook.
When she was through, the word’s greatest mystery writer was stunned. The suggestion was not only good, it was brilliant. But she feigned outwardly that she wasn’t impressed. That night she couldn’t sleep. The plot device of Maria’s kept orbiting around in her skull like flitting bats near the ceiling.
And so it went: the world’s greatest (dried up) mystery writer kept pumping Maria for opinions; Maria would say, “That’s really good Mistress”; and then, “How does this sound to you?”
And it was all exquisite stuff that the expended imagination of the writer took to like a sponge to water.
It wasn’t that long before the new novel was finished and was being hailed the world over as “a triumph”; “the best yet”; “her greatest work to date”, ad nauseam.
At the estate soon after there was a nasty scene. Maria tearfully and angrily accusing her employer of stealing her ideas, which was true enough. And the world’s best mystery writer calmly allowed that it was so. But what did her gardener plan to do about it?
Maria quit. This upset the mystery writer more than she admitted to herself. She put out more notices that the estate deep in the Appalachians required a gardener. But before a replacement could be found the position was rendered moot.
At the banquet, hailing the best mystery writer’s latest “triumph”, in burst the distraught Maria in front of the entire assembly of admiring fans, agents, media and invited friends and sycophants. The erstwhile “gardener” shot down the security guards at the door, shot her way into the banquet hall, gunned down the security in there and proceeded to advance on the table of honor with her brace of automatic shotguns and bandoliers of shells. She looked no less than the image of an outraged female Che Guevara. The entire banquet hall was paralyzed and not a few guests already down from the vengeful force of nature’s weapons and their fear of the same.
The pair of shotgun muzzles was leveled across the table, one for each, writer and husband. What was said is of no importance or surprise. The casus belli was publically declared clearly and concisely. Then the twin reports of retribution roared through the hall and both heads of writer and husband were vanished in a cloud of red, misty gore and deposited on the wallpaper behind.
And then the virtual Maria turned her guns on herself. But that was merely to throw off the scent, because only two died in their osmosis tubs in that moment. Maria was working for the enemy.
Nicholaus Forkner, oldest son of the president of the Mormons, was a disappointment to his father and (probably) his deceased mother too. He knew this well enough.
But here in The Matrix he could forget that by leading his band successfully. In fact, his cronies were well-known as one of the most formidable band of “regulators” anywhere. As their leader he was paid handsomely, and of course, being the generous and just warlord that he was, his men (and their women) shared in his largess. The taste of success was sweet. You had to take the defeats with the victories, of course. Everybody had to accept that sometimes things just didn’t work out as anticipated. But his genius was in knowing when to cut his losses and pull out.
This current job wasn’t going to be too difficult. He’d checked out the forces, the leaders, and he already knew how to even the odds by getting the factions to start fighting each other (an expensive hacker had supplied the necessary intel). Then he and the boys would nip inside the fortress, release the prisoner and make their escape in the confusion. Hopefully, in doing what they were hired to do, they could also indulge in a little looting on the side. Anything to help the ratings: a good booty-to-losses ratio always looked good when potential customers were picking a band to hire.
After arming themselves, the company of a half score men and two women departed Nicholaus’ castle. It was night and the horses’ hooves rang and sparked on the steel bindings of the lowered drawbridge. They rode through the darkness and camped at dawn to avoid detection. After two more nights of travel they arrived at the riverside fortress of their employer’s enemy. It was a fell place, girt with a deep water-filled moat that skirted a solid bastion of natural rock over one hundred yards in extent at the top and nearly one hundred feet in height. The walls were pure stonework and thick, surrounding an enormous square keep that towered up another seventy-five feet. From that lofty summit a banner of a black raven with bloody claws and beak on a yellow field flapped sluggishly in the morning breeze.
“It’s time,” Nicholaus told his band. One of his men and one of their women were already dressed for their roles as traveling augur and sorceress.
“Remember to slip in the hint about the wine,” Nicholaus reminded them. “Count Rodolph is a real hypochondriac; and he’s a wine bibber who trusts his brother the vintner and won’t drink anything else. Once you slip him the Mickey he should believe the rest – the hints about his brother trying to poison him. But don’t do that until you’ve got him hooked on the portents. We already know enough through buying the hack to really get him listening and worried. Then we feed him the lie that blows his little alliance to pieces. He’ll destroy it himself. This should be good.”
“You’re despicable,” the augur said with an admiring smile.
“No he’s not,” the sorceress played along, “he’s just the best at getting the right information.”
“And don’t forget that I pay a lot for it too,” Nicholaus said. “Well, then, that’s it. Scoot-scoot, you two.”
And it pretty much worked out as planned. They camped in the hills overlooking the castle while the sorceress and augur plied Nicholaus’ purloined information from the hack. Late the following night the two of them returned to the cold camp where Nicholaus and his band watched the castle from the edge of the trees.
“We have set him up,” the sorceress said. “I cast the bones and did the mumbo jumbo, making sure that Count Rodolph’s brother got implicated with the plot. The auguries of course are favorable for a surprise attack. It helps that there really is a plot. But of course the count’s brother knows nothing of it. When the count checks it out he’ll discover preparations for war that he wasn’t informed of. And he will naturally suspect the worst. Right now he’s barfing up everything from a right proper bellyache, along with most of those who had been sitting at the high table. The augur, being a physician as well as a priest, was able to apply an antidote in a timely fashion. Soon the count and his captains will be preparing to ride and nip treachery in the bud.”
“Good work, you two,” Nicholaus said, beaming. “You get a bonus if this all goes down.” (He rewarded those who volunteered for greater risks.)
They watched the gate and sure enough, the count and his knights rode forth before nightfall, heading across the river at the ford. That meant he was confronting his brother, “the poisoner”, first.
The band of regulators spent an almost sleepless night, waiting, then first thing in the morning they checked gear, armed and awaited their leader’s word.
“Let’s move,” Nicholaus said.
They mounted and rode out of the trees and through the fields toward the gate. Each of them wore the count’s livery. To the guards at the gate it appeared that a detachment of troops was returning to the castle, and they raised the massive portcullis. They watched the approaching knot of horsemen casually, hands on winches in case the portcullis needed to be dropped. But the sight of familiar ensigns and accoutrements had already removed most of their caution. Nicholaus gave the expected salute as his band reached the drawbridge and started to clatter sedately across. Their foes hardly looked up at them as they rode under the teeth of the portcullis and into the shadowed, dusty bailey. Morning sunlight limned the battlements above. The intruders walked their horses over to the stables and dismounted. And still their presence wasn’t questioned. This was going better than Nicholaus had hoped. The tiniest doubt tickled the edges of his consciousness, but he dismissed it as a worry without foundation. It should go well, he had thought of everything.
The stairs – that led from the base of the keep and switch-backed to the massive door halfway up the face of the wall – were guarded normally. But the garrison had been stripped to create a maximum force of swift riders. Now the stairs were open and the door above stood without sentinels before it. Deep within the base of the keep would be the dungeon, and their goal. Without hurry, they mounted the stairs in single file and came before the door. It opened at Nicholaus’ turning of the heavy latch and swung inward on well oiled hinges of bronze. The heavy door thumped back against the stone wall and they surveyed the main hall which was empty of soldiers but held a few servants going about their domestic tasks. These too, after looking toward the door, assumed that the warriors entering the hall were the count’s men and simply got out of the way as the mailed troop crossed to the stairs leading down to the cellars and dungeon below. So far so good, Nicholaus thought.
Leaving six men above to hold the main hall and watch the door, the rest followed Nicholaus and went single-file again down the torch-lit curving stairs to the right. At the bottom was the jailor’s chamber. And here were two guards, already gone in their cups. The noisy approach of armed men into the chamber woke them, but they were both swiftly dispatched before they could even reach for weapons. The keys were procured, the first barred door opened, and then Nicholaus and two men went in, leaving the other three to watch the outer chamber.
A long twisting, low-ceilinged passage led down deeper into the hewn rock upon which the castle was built. Niches had been hacked out of the rock on either side of the passage, and into each of these had been stuffed the count’s prisoners, hapless captives being held for fat ransoms or political advantage, for the count kept no others alive. As they went along the passage they called out the name of the man that they sought until a response at last told them they had arrived. Nicholaus applied the key and the door swung inward with a loud squawk.
“Your Highness,” bowed Nicholaus. “We are here to deliver you from the hands of your faithless subjects.”
The elderly man blinked in the bright torchlight, an expression of hopeful joy beginning to replace the disbelief there. Nicholaus stepped into the chamber and inserted the key into the lock that held the manacles and chains fast to the prisoner’s ankles and wrists and waist. Once free, the deposed sovereign bent himself stiffly from the low-ceilinged cell and stood erect in the passageway, rubbing his aggravated wrists and looking around at the faces of the three men who had just delivered him.
“I don’t know any of you,” he said haltingly.
“We are hired by those willing to pay for this kind of work. The queen has managed to secure our services by appealing to your subjects who groan in misery under the rapacious rule of Count Rodolph and his allies.”
As they led the way toward the jailor’s chamber the king was informed of the conditions in his benighted realm. But they had not even quite made it back when, ahead of their approach, they heard the echoes of armed conflict coming down to them.
Nicholaus felt a rush of disbelieving dread course through him as he doubled his speed toward the chamber. The king was left behind as the three warriors drew weapons and hurried toward the noise of combat.
They burst into the chamber and saw the very last moment of resistance. All three of their comrades were down in their blood – indeed, the last one was rolling to the floor with weapons being plied over his body even as they arrived on the scene. The chamber was clogged with shields, helmets and gleaming, reddened steel. The stairs leading up held even more thronging, armored men. Seeing Nicholaus and his two comrades before the dungeon door, the nearest warriors came swiftly, stepping over the body-strewn floor (Nicholaus’ boys had given back two for one as they died).
“Withdraw!” shouted Nicholaus. He and his men retreated into the passageway. From there they made a slaughter for a brief spell. The greater numbers of their enemy could not arrive and overwhelm them. And man-for-man they were no match for the regulators. Very soon the doorway was rendered impassable by the pile of bodies.
But where were they going to retreat to? This impasse would soon be broken by their fatigue.
How did this happen? Nicholaus felt the eyes of his two surviving men and the king. They were wondering what had gone wrong and waited for him to say something. But Nicholaus was utterly lost to explain it – unless, someone had hacked his hack. He had never heard of such a thing.
Their enemies mocked them.
Then they heard the voice of Count Rodolph:
“You’re doomed. There is no escape. And trust me, each of you is a dead man. Look at the bodies. We will make yours minced meat by comparison. You have my promise on that!”
The count had his men pull the bodies of the slain away and then he directed his warriors to renew their efforts. Crossbowmen were brought in and shot swiftly through the opened door, forcing Nicholaus and his comrades to keep to the sides of the passageway. This allowed a knot of the count’s warriors to storm the opening and burst into the passageway beyond. For a desperate time each of them fought two and even three men at once. There wasn’t room for more. The king was cut down and one of Nicholaus’ boys was mortally wounded and on the floor in his gore. But the passage was cleared and the doorway held yet.
Nicholaus was unhurt, still, but his remaining comrade was bleeding from a score of slight wounds and was obviously confused and fading fast.
“Nick,” he panted, watching the count’s men forming for another assault, “what went wrong?”
“I don’t know,” Nicholaus said. Crossbow bolts whined through the doorway again and shattered their way down the passage of hewn rock. They ducked back on either side of the doorway, looking at each other. They heard the sound of mailed feet coming across the floor of the chamber.
This is wrong! both men thought alone. We should be able to disengage!
Nicholaus saw the wall behind his companion suddenly dissolve into a portal, through which he could see daylight and trees moving in a breeze. His father was standing perhaps twenty feet away beckoning to him and he heard him shout urgently:
“Nick! Come now while I’ve got you or you are going to die! They’ve hacked the Database and they’re really killing people!”
“Come on!” Nicholaus shouted to his comrade and dove past him through the portal and into the grove. He turned and looked back, but saw nothing except trees and sun-dappled grass.
“Where’s Daniel?” Nicholaus said, turning to his father. “Open the portal again!”
“I can’t,” Samuel Forkner said apologetically.
“Why not?”
“I was only able to hack to you. If I had tried to connect to more than one, they would have detected me too quickly and I wouldn’t have reached you in time.”
As he spoke, Samuel physically urged his son to hurry by grabbing his arm and propelling him toward a pair of trees. Between them appeared another portal through which Nick could see a familiar room, the study of the Forkner house in Salt Lake City where Nicholaus Forkner had lived as a boy.
As if all of it had been a phantasm Samuel Forkner and the grove of trees was gone. Nicholaus was back in the passageway with his best friend fighting for his life. The doorway was being forced by the press of determined enemies. Weapons rang and blood was flying, dripping from his blade, gluing his hands to the hilt, on the walls, floor, fallen corpses underfoot, everywhere.
But then he heard his father’s voice, praying, and saw a dim outline of a portal again – a mere softening of the hard stone there – behind Daniel’s struggling form. Superimposed on the stone, within the stone, Nick saw his father kneeling. His back was to the portal, but Nick could see from his posture that Samuel’s hands were on someone’s head where he lay unmoving. Nick was drawn by the vision.He willed himself there and the abattoir of his last stand vanished as if a dream.
Nick blinked and looked around, then down at himself. He was wearing pajamas and he was lying on the sofa in his father’s study. He saw Samuel’s worried face turn to a smile of relief.
“Thank God, you’re safe!”
“Dad, what just happened? How did I get here?”
He sat up and looked disbelievingly around. “I was…” he couldn’t frame the words for his confusion and fear.
“Where are the others?” he asked suddenly, getting to his feet but standing impotently, paralyzed by his turmoil.
“They will be dead, all of them I suspect,” said his father, getting up and laying a hand on his shoulder. He urged him to sit back down.
“What?”
“The Database has been compromised – infiltrated – by the Neo Nihilists,” said Samuel.
“Who are they?”
“A group of Espees fanatics. They have programmed the Database as a lethal weapon of mass destruction.
“Since we discovered them, techies have been busy night and day finding our loved ones and going in and guiding them out of the Database. We’ve been too late in many, many cases. I went to your condo, prepped an interface, had myself hooked up, followed you into your multiverse and managed to find where you were. Then – and only then, or I would have been detected – I opened the interface and we made two jumps (well, three actually). I got you back to the tub but you wouldn’t wake up. They had already taken you down too deeply for that. So that’s when I created the third jump, to here. Then we took you from the osmosis tub and brought you home. But they had already penetrated too deeply into your mind. We couldn’t wake you up. That was three days ago! All we have been able to do since bringing you home is pray. You, and the love of God, did the rest.”
“But…”
“I will tell you everything. You need to eat now that you’re awake. Your body is dangerously low in blood sugar for a person no longer in the Database. Come,” and he led his tottering son toward the kitchen.
At the next meeting of the World Council, Samuel made his full report:
“Excellencies, I have been inspecting the communities in the troubled areas. As you instructed me, I have sent out teams of inspectors and I have their reports here.
“I will now give a summary of those reports.
“For a long time, we have ascribed the unnatural increase in deaths everywhere to some kind of new disease or plague. Who or what was to blame for this? Was it a flaw, overlooked, in the maintenance of those bodies which are pampered by the osmosis tubs? At first it all seemed natural enough, though mysterious, for there are, usually, no marks or indications of the cause of death.
“But by now we have discovered that whole communities of people who share in the creation of their multiverse are also dead wherever their osmosis tubs are located. Before we made that connection, we assumed that the dead communities had simply been terminated voluntarily by their participants, in a somewhat clever if also grisly fashion.
“But with the connection made between missing citizens in cyberspace and their correspondingly dead bodies, now we know the cause of these deaths. Citizens are being murdered within the Database itself.”
Pandemonium in the council ensued. The word “Espees!” was heard repeatedly.
Samuel Forkner resumed his report as soon as a level of order, if not calm, was restored.
“Upon examination in the physical world, those missing from the Database were discovered dead and swiftly decaying in their osmosis tubs, scattered about the planet. My reports from North America are the same as other reports coming in from everywhere.
“How are the killings being done? Autopsies usually reveal nothing at all physically wrong. A small number of cases show signs of trauma or violence, but nearly all of these seem to have been inflicted after the victims had already died. It looks as though someone has attempted to make the deaths seem random and disconnected, to confuse efforts to pin the blame where it belongs.
“The only ones who could possibly inflict such widespread physical violence are those who are mobile. And the great majority of them are Espees.”
Turmoil dominated the Council. Fingers were pointed at the Mormon leader and shouted threats bombarded his ears. But his image was unreachable. He remained passive and silent while a vain attempt to restore order was made.
That meeting was postponed and he had to come back later in the afternoon. Samuel noticed that the Council was reduced in numbers from that morning. He suspected the cause to be dismissal of the more feckless and hysterical among them. The grim faces he saw looking back at him were silent as he resumed and completed his report.
“I understand and sympathize with all Citizens living in the Database. Their fears are justified There are Espees trying to take over the planet and they want it for their own kind only. Somehow, they have managed to conceal their whereabouts from the detections of the WWDB. They are sophisticated computer programmers!
“But these are fanatics only. And they are comparatively few in number. We estimate their total strength to be well under one million souls. But there must be at least five-hundred thousand of them. So far our information tells us that they are a renegade band of apostate Fundamentalists from a number of religious sects and denominations. It appears that their leader is one self-proclaimed prophet going by the code name Elijah. All that we know of him is that once-upon-a-time he moved in high circles within the world provisional government and appears to have once been a Shiite Muslim from Iran. But his people disavowed him when he entered the Database. Since then he has reverted to renouncing the WWDB and has gained a sizeable following of others who refer to the WWDB as the glamour of the Evil One.
“Ironically, this pseudo Gnosticism views a world of the mind (as insubstantial as the spirit) as a trap. Salvation is to be found only in physical reality. The world must be cleansed of this evil by eradicating its devotees and irredeemable slaves.
“The mastermind behind the mass killings has created an intricate program which can hack undetected (until recently, that is) into any Database Citizen's personal multiverse, create a counter reality there to deceive the owner and lure them to a place where they are killed. In their minds this demise is all too believable. The brain cannot deny its reality and is murdered.”
“Everyone must be awakened for their own safety, until the problems plaguing The Matrix can be located and resolved,” said the Overseer.
“But this is not to be easily carried out,” said Samuel Forkner quickly. “The infrastructure to support life is now based on the vast majority of human beings being fed at a subsistence-level caloric intake and then only intravenously. Physical food stuffs are only available in sufficient quantities for a small awake population at a time. If the whole world disconnected from the Database too quickly, millions would starve to death if they didn't remain hooked to their feeding tubes: which in any case would only feed them on a comparative starvation diet: slow starvation instead of rapid starvation. It is to be expected that most people would panic and leave their condominiums, resulting in chaos and widespread death.”
“What are we to do, then?” asked the Overseer.
“I am not finished with my report yet,” said the Mormon leader. “We are almost out of time from another development. Within the Database itself, a master program has been inserted which is uniting all the multiverses under an overarching simulacrum of world threat. In some places this is made to be a plague, in others the threat of nuclear holocaust, in others still, an alien biological attack intended to wipe out humanity, and so forth. But in all variations, the denouement is set to go off at the same time. In effect, Excellencies, mass murder on a pandemic scale is being constructed even as we speak. And it will be impossible to disbelieve. Death will be inescapable.”
“God in heaven, man!” shouted the Overseer. “What is to be done to save us?”
“We have discussed this in private council,” said Samuel Forkner. “It seems the best solution that people will only be disconnected as quickly as they can be adequately fed. Before the panic overtakes the world at large, the government should take action and cut off everyone's capability to wake him or herself up. I appreciate that this is a Citizen’s most fundamental civil right – the choice of when, and for how long, to remain connected to the Database. But this capability of the government to override the Database and take complete control over connectivity with it, via the Common, is not something that more than a handful of Citizens know about. To prevent widespread panic from resulting in mass starvation, everyone not essential to combating the Neo Nihilists in the empirical world must remain in the Database. When the Citizens discover that they cannot get out, their fear of conspiracy and death will go ballistic. To prevent the Database from becoming a war zone of speculation, terror, suspicion and virtual reality violence running amok, we suggest that as many Citizens be put into a virtual sleep as can be made possible. We have the program developed which can achieve this. Those citizens found immune to this counter glamour will of course be among those first awakened.”
The World Council, not having any better solution, agreed to everything that the Mormon leader proposed.
Espees everywhere united in scouting the world’s surface, seeking the central hideout of the Neo Nihilists. But the fanatics were clever and operated in small bands, difficult to discover and offering no clear outward signs to identify themselves. They hid among the scattered communities of Espees and moved about in public in broad daylight. When discovered, the Neo Nihilists were dealt with summarily and violently. The fanatics always gave back at least as good as they got.
At the same time as the war was being waged, most Espees devoted their efforts to greatly increasing the food supply so that their neighbors could wake up. And escape the pandemic of mass deaths that continually increased and the ultimate holocaust that threatened.
Meanwhile, the Neo Nihilists, seeing that their game of secrecy was up, waged a defensive war to buy the time that they needed to exterminate anyone who was not a pure Espee (i.e. not willing to renounce the WWDB utterly, and judged capable of doing so).
Perversely, the fanatics viewed themselves as misunderstood and avowed that they harbored no active hatred for other Espees fighting against them, nor did they wish to do them any harm.
The war became a battle of timing. Espees and the cooperative elements in the government tried to wake up people inside the WWDB as quickly as they could without condemning them to death by starvation, while at the same time trying to locate the physical strongholds of the Neo Nihilists across the planet. And the fanatics stepped up their efforts to kill off as many inside the WWDB as possible before their power to do so was taken away. The fanatics sent out small squads of executioners to eradicate those in the government posing as Espees, and any other high profile leaders who were deemed to be resisting too effectively their efforts to “purify the world”. And they sent out other squads to destroy the condominiums of osmosis tubs and their sleeping inhabitants.
Though comparatively small in numbers, the fanatics were very effective at what they did and the war to stop them was anything but certain. Through their clever and insidious programming they had turned the WWDB into the ultimate WMD – held off only by the programming-counter-programming war waged to keep the denizens of The Matrix comatose on the one hand, and awakened on the other so that the glamour of holocaust could be launched and take its fatal effect. 
And in the physical world the Neo Nihilists were now not above allowing collateral damage among other Espees when they got in the way, regrettable though this was to the fanatics, as they attempted to wipe out entire condominium and apartment complexes by whatever means – fire, flood, gas, poison or explosives.
But by dint of sheer numbers, both the virtual war for control of the WWDB, and the empirical one with physical weapons of violence, was won by the victims of this insidious terrorism.
Elijah, the leader of the fanatics, was never apprehended, but was rumored to have been murdered or to have committed suicide. His body was never found. The Neo Nihilists were eradicated and any survivors went underground.
Once the war was over, a decision had to be made regarding the danger to those inside the WWDB. Most of them had been awakened and were now living normal lives of discontent and whining in the real world again. It had been determined that the only safety to those inside the WWDB was to sever all outside interface (contact). In the empirical world their bodies would continue to be tended by techies. But their minds would remain unreachable and inviolate within the WWDB itself, capable of communication only with others so-committed to such an existence. To prevent tampering with their reality they must perforce be insulated from contact.
But when it was made public that to return to the WWDB would be a permanent and irreversible decision, many had to think long and hard over what they really wanted from existence.
In the end, most chose the real world. But a sizeable portion, amounting to a full third, had chosen permanent removal from the gene pool and returned to The Matrix.
And of course, the siren-call of escape from real life continually, insidiously beckoned to those too bored, too afraid and too unhappy. It was a form of selfish suicide, to Espees, having to see their loved ones renounce the real world for an existence of make-believe, leaving others responsible for keeping their physical bodies warm and viable. To those care-givers it was like tending the dead: and many occupants of osmosis tubs the world-over, looked like corpses perpetually prepared for a viewing.
Meanwhile, the new religious terrorists resurfaced and slowly grew in numbers. Not capable of defeating the objects of their loathing on a virtual plane, they resorted to the periodic blowing up of condominium and apartment complexes, where the quiescent bodies lay in their tubs of life-sustaining fluids. And the most fanatic among the Neo Nihilists were not above killing Espees who ministered to the bodily requirements of those living inside the Database. Such civil servants were referred to by the fanatical terrorists as “disciples of the Evil One”, and deemed worthy of death…
State of Grace Two
The Inquisitor General tirelessly made his perennial progress through the kingdoms, powers, principalities and provinces of The Church. He hardly slept two hours in a day. Those who admired or dreaded the sound of his name wondered alike how his physical body endured such privation, for he also was the most abstemious of men in all carnal appetites, consuming nothing save water and hard black bread and fresh fruits, and even these in such small quantities that it was a wonder how the flesh could continue. And indeed, to look upon this fiercely “holy” man was to observe a victim of self-induced famine, the sallow skin stretched over bones barely encased in knotted cords of agitated flesh. All of this was covered by the voluminous black cappa clausa of his order, except the wrists and hands and neck and face (for he never removed the cowl in public). Within the shadowed cave of that vast hooded opening could be seen a finely molded nose and generous lips, set forward of severely protruding cheek bones. Dominating all were the orbs of his soul, like black pits scintillating: and if those eyes rested upon you the blood in your veins – no matter how innocent you knew your heart to be of any sin against God – would turn to ice.
As the Inquisitor General could not sleep, he spent long hours praying on his boney knees, or prostrated face-down upon the floor, arms outstretched in the form of the Cross. He was accustomed to beseech God for the souls of those he sent to Him.
But tonight he was shattered. Those souls he had witnessed ascending in the flames to the Divine Tribunal for Final Judgment were the last thing on his mind. Tonight the Inquisitor General feared not only for his own soul but especially for his very sanity. For the first time since taking the cowl, and embarking upon his mission to purify The Church, he doubted.
Always in the past he had been granted a vision of souls ascending. But today he had seen the Database claim them. And as they escaped Judgment they had looked at him, and gloating they had to a man and woman vanished like ethereal spirits into The Machine.
“Lord God, I have done everything thou hast required of me. I have pursued the vision of purity that thou gave to me in my youth. I have forsaken the flesh in order to make myself more attuned to thy will. Thou hast showed me how Thy Church required purification so that thy children may become a righteous and a holy people, prepared to receive thy blessing, that the Earth may be redeemed and enter into the glory of her God. Thou hast shown me the way and I have not moved to either the right hand or the left. But I have stayed the course and I have purified The Church of gross wickedness and shown those tempted by the Evil One the right way.
“In everything I have only sought to glorify thee, my Father. Thou know that I have never taken glory unto myself. I have always born testimony of thy will that lives in me. And all of my life has been only to know thee and to do thy bidding.
“Forgive thy humble servant, Lord God, I beseech thee, but I am troubled in the depths of my soul this night. I am in darkness and not Light! I am as a blind man stumbling in the way who has lost the Guide. Always thou hast shown me what must be done. Why am I left now to languish in deepest darkness!
“The vision of thy Earth as a glorified sphere has ever led me on. And I saw that my work was hastening the day when thy pure and holy people would look toward the Light and see thy face. I saw how the Earth would be thy dwelling place, at last, because thou had made us worthy and taken us back into thy Divine Home.
“Now, O God! I am sundered from the Light and my hope seems as the lost dream of a night vision. My life seems suddenly no more substantial than the Void! Why hast thou forsaken me?
“Have I transgressed in some measure that I have erred in not seeing? If so, O God, I beg thee with my last breath, reveal again to my mind the standing of thy humble servant before thee! Open my heart, O Lord that I may receive thee to go no more out. For thy servant stands ready to fulfill thy every word.”
He lay there in the chapel all that night and the members of his staff found him there still long after the sun and risen. He seemed dead. But as they timorously approached the black form face-down on the floor (looking as a crooked giant spider missing half its legs) they could see the faint trembling of the cassock as their master breathed ever so shallowly and slowly. He then seemed to those observing in silence to be in a deep trance. None dared to disturb him and so they all quietly bowed themselves out backwards and reclosed the chapel doors.
When the Inquisitor General received no joy from his Lord, he got stiffly to his feet and went out. The members of his staff gave back at the ravaged appearance of his already austere visage. He looked more like a walking corpse than ever. The skin was bereft of life. Only the eyes burned still, and now the divine madness seemed to have conquered all that was left of the mortal parts. Everyone averted their own gazes by bowing their faces to the floor as he passed through them.
The Inquisitor General went to his car without a word and had himself conveyed to the next trial. All the way there he said nothing and the driver sweated as one in the presence of Death.
At the trial all the usual formalities were followed. The Inquisitor General sat presiding over the proceedings, listening to the evidence in silence. When all was said and they awaited his final judgment he hesitated, looking long and penetratingly at each guilty man and woman. Nothing seemed amiss, and he sorrowfully consigned them each and every soul to the flames.
The screeching and imploring of those who could not face their end with equanimity was as the squawking of birds to his deadened ears. Each condemned man and woman was manacled between the blackened iron pillars (the pillars were ten, making nine spaces between). The gas jets were ignited and the blue flames soared heavenward fully twelve feet into the air. It was over very quickly. He didn’t need to watch intently to see what happened, again. Each soul had soared upward with the heat, then, as the last time, turned and swooped into the consol of The Machine on the table in front of him. They made no sound. But their expressions as they looked at him were triumphant.
He had his answer. Now what must be done? That night he lay in vigil again, face-down on the bare floor in his black cappa clausa. He beseeched God for wisdom, to understand the meaning of the vision he was now receiving at the Courts of Mercy. When he had persevered nigh unto death, quite before he felt life expire from his wasted body, he heard the blessed voice thundering through him:
Maino, my son, peace be unto your soul. Yet a little while I require of you that you endure in my service in purifying my Church and People. Then will I come and fulfill the promised blessing. The Earth shall be renewed and receive her paradisiacal glory and my People and I shall be One forever. But one last thing I require of you. In your desire to be merciful you have spared those not worthy to stand among these I have declared holy and without blemish or spot. In your zeal to judge righteously you have spared those who have deceived you. These have sought refuge from my perfect judgment. They have thought to deceive me by fleeing into another realm – the place that you call Database, which they have hoped to convert into a sanctuary of evil. You must destroy them. The evil one has opened wide its jaws and is seeking to devour souls and take them forever into Outer Darkness. But my plan of redemption cannot be denied. The tools of mine adversary shall be destroyed and my People saved in simplicity.
His way had been made clear. All computers and high technology must be destroyed. He saw how that down the ages the adversary had stealthily deceived mankind with glamours of ease and convenience, all under the names of advancement, enlightenment and progress. But each step had always come at a price. And that was freedom from further bondage. The Inquisitor General now saw clearly what he had suspected all of his life. That only a bucolic world in harmony with Nature was pleasing to God. Anything that made such a blessed existence impractical had ever been and always would be a weapon of the evil one to blind and enslave God’s People. And foremost among the list of weapons of evil was the Database. It had ever been so. His ancestors had been right to call for its utter abolishment. But their wisdom had been shouted down by the majority. Always the majority was perverse and went willingly after that which had no life but offered ease.
He went from that place filled with wrath and resolve. For a short season the Inquisitor General preached the “new gospel”, in a vein similar to this:
“Beloved of God, it has been made known to me in a vision that we have believed in an error. For many generations we have sought to make ourselves and our world worthy as the abode of God, to have the Earth received back into heaven and restored as part of the Divine Home. The time has now come to make a choice. Will you become the Holy People of God, or will you continue on in your sinful decadence? Will you join with God or with the evil one? There is to be no more time for choosing. If we do not forsake forever the glamours of darkness we will forever be cast into Outer Darkness. God has shown me that in the Divine Home there is no technology, no materialism, no love for or reliance on any empirical thing. For the Earth to be taken up into the Divine Home we must of ourselves destroy all that is idolatrous from our midst. First of all forbidden things, is this abomination we call Database. Then we must relearn how to make only what is necessary to promote a pure and plain life. Machines that do not require the power of the body are evil, leading mankind to laziness and sloth and mischief. Our days must be spent in husbandry and stewardship over this world that the Lord God has given us. The foundation of joy is labor!”
For a short season his preaching was accompanied by frenetic activity. Wherever the Inquisitor General went people saw the Nihilists also, a band of destroyers who relished in pulling down the labor of ages. The Database was the first focus of their attacks and all computers were consigned to the flames. Appliances, power stations, cars, machines, nothing was spared.
There were martyrs who bravely denounced the Inquisitor General as a madman even as the flames took them. “You’re no oracle! There is no voice of God. There are no souls ascending for judgment or escaping into the Database. Only your frenzied mind makes up these things. The only evil one is you!”
He resorted near the very end to having the tongues of the condemned removed first before their execution.
But it was very localized and brief insanity only. The sermon to return to the hardscrabble life of thousands of years ago fell on unreceptive ears. The few fanatics, now all in one place at one time as they followed their leader from city to city, were enough to cow resistance only where they were. And in their wake of destruction a resurgence of desperate rebellion grew. Secret meetings were held outside the blessing of The Church. Plans were hatched and masses of people lay in wait.
On a Sunday in the dead of winter, as the Inquisitor General and his army of Nihilists approached yet another city, they were suddenly met by an enormous host of Citizens in arms. The battle was furious and prolonged. As it raged, even more Citizens gathered from hundreds of miles away and joined it to put down the final death-throes of The Church Militant.
In the midst of his Holy Warriors, surrounded and beleaguered in the scorched shell of a temple, the Inquisitor General never faltered, never flagged in his tireless energy to carry out the will of God.
“Courage my Brothers and Sisters!” he said as he went about the rooms where his priests and priestesses resisted the final assault from every window and doorway. The sound of small arms was almost entirely on their side still, for the weapons of the rebellion were improvised and few firearms had fallen into their hands. Sheer numbers, desperation and resolve had overwhelmed the Army of The Church Militant. “God has promised salvation to all who fall in his service. Our cause is to uphold righteousness. Deliverance is at hand. We few who remain are the very elect of God! He will not let us fail! ‘The children of light, though few, shall do prodigies’: so it is written!”
Pop, pop, rattle, bang, went the guns from the temple. Screams of rage and vengeance reached the ears of the Inquisitor General and his few score remaining, heavily armed adherents. Outside the temple the ground was covered with bodies of the damned.
Certain in his mind that God was going to open the very ground and swallow his enemies, or send fire from heaven, the Inquisitor General went up to the pinnacle of the temple and stood in the sight of all. “Behold the hand of the Lord God!” he roared and threw his arms wide. The cowl fell back and his ravaged face was suddenly visible. The Nihilists stopped shooting and gazed upon their leader expectantly. The shouting below paused. The moment grew pregnant with import. Eyes searched the heavens hopefully or in a last dreadful suspicion that they might be wrong, after all.
Silence, except for the wind which everyone noticed for the first time in many days: a clean wind, out of the south, with a hint of warmth to it. That wind blew the black cassock of the Inquisitor General. It flapped around his large, boney frame like rags of old laundry on the line. His uplifted face with its feverish eyes and his unsteady frame in the breeze suddenly looked ridiculous to everyone. That was the miracle that God gave. Every soul on that battlefield saw the focus of the war as a travesty of zeal run amok.
The Church was forever broken on Earth – well, at least until the next time.
His whole religious world view shattered beyond repair, the Inquisitor General pitched himself head-first from the pinnacle of the temple. Like a black comet his body within the cappa clausa plunged down to impact on the stone battlements and caromed off broken to the wide stairs below.
So hot burned the fire of zeal that even then he was not dead, but lay head-down on his back, arms spread wide in the form of the Cross, black eyes opened wide to embrace the sun. The first to arrive where he lay swore later that they saw the sun burning like twin miniature flames in those sunken sockets, as if the Inquisitor General had taken the cosmic fire into himself. Then his eyes died and it was only a dreadfully skinny bag of broken bones, surmounted by a death’s head that they saw…
The Offer
It was late. The house was quiet, his children asleep. No work tomorrow either. And, his wife was away visiting her mother who had taken a turn for the worse. Finally, he had time and opportunity to watch the video without the risk of contaminating his kids or upsetting his wife. He paced slowly through the silent house, feeling edgy. At last, he found himself standing in front of the VCR with the tape in his hand. A thought went through his mind that he had just answered the front door (at this time of night, a knock!).
“I am here to offer you a chance to do it all over again,” the sincere voice at his side said.
He turned, startled. There stood a man of indeterminate age. His eyes were vibrant with hidden knowledge, his professional smile faintly amused.
How did he get in here? Nimrod wondered.
He did not recall bringing the stranger into the study where he kept his own video equipment. But there he was, his pearl-colored three-piece suit glowing immaculately in the shadowy dimness of the wood-paneling. Nimrod noticed that his hair was a pearly, wavy pompadour.
A sudden stab of unreality swept through him. How had he ever let this man inside his home at eleven forty-five? Solicitors and door-to-door salesmen had fared very badly on the doorstep of Nimrod Glissmeyer’s home over the years. He couldn’t imagine what had come over him to allow this slick-looking personage through the door.
“I am not joking,” the stranger affirmed.
He reached into his jacket pocket and drew out an over-sized gold-chased cheque book. He flipped it open, without taking his eyes from Nimrod’s face. The pearl stranger took a platinum pen from his shirt pocket and proceeded to write with elegant flourishes. He tore the cheque out and handed it across to Nimrod.
His hand lifted to accept it. The paper was the finest silk bond, heavy and smooth. He read it and decided that he had actually gone to bed and was dreaming. It was written for six million dollars! It was signed by one Gustavas Adolfus Capio. It was dated six years from now, more or less.
“What’s the catch?” asked Nimrod in spite of himself.
“There is no catch,” the pearl man said as he drew out a sheet of silk bond paper from his jacket and spread it on the desk. It was a contract, with Nimrod Glissmeyer written in at the bottom, awaiting his signature.
“As you can see – the writing is very plain – all you are required to do is agree to relive the last six years of your public education. Upon graduation from high school, you will receive six million dollars in your personal bank account, transferable and commutable to cash upon request.”
Nimrod finished reading the contract and laughed, remembering some of the less-than-pleasant things from his schooling, now ended over two decades ago. “No way, six million isn’t nearly enough!”
“Did you say six million?” the stranger smiled. “Perhaps you misunderstood me.”
Nimrod looked at the cheque again: it read sixty million dollars. So did the wording on the contract. He must be tired. Sixty million was certainly tempting. But to give up his family and adult memories, to start over at the age of twelve and go through all that relearning again… For some peculiar reason he could not explain, Nimrod did not doubt the validity of this offer. His doubts stemmed from his fear that he could not survive adolescence twice in one life. The contract stated that he would not be going back in time, merely rechanneling his life at this juncture. Upon graduation and receiving the sixty millions, it would be six years ahead on the calendar from tonight – only Nimrod would be eighteen! He felt totally nonplussed.
“You may think it over,” the pearl stranger stated magnanimously. “If you decide to agree, I will return tomorrow night at this same hour to witness your signature.”
Nimrod nodded and the next thing he knew, he was stirring in bed and it was morning. Sunlight angled through the bedroom window. From the livingroom he could hear the TV playing Saturday morning cartoons.
“Where’s the kaboom? There’s supposed to be an Earth-shattering kaboom,” Nimrod heard the Martian saying: though faint, he recognized the Bugs Bunny cartoon instantly and smiled.
He lay with his arms behind his head and stared upward remembering the hodge-podge of dreams he was having a short while ago. (You only remember the dreams you were having just before you awake, so the wisdom said.) He had been dreaming about his nightmare memories of school. The demeaning names he had gone by, the raging hormonal imbalances which had overtaken him in the ninth grade. How guilt had ridden him because he found his own body so desperately and suddenly fascinating. How girls had both plagued him and felt irresistible together. How he had hated teachers and their meaningless homework assignments. He remembered the close shaves with disaster – driving, attending parties that went too long. The drugs that had missed him through no resolve of his own but seemingly by divine providence alone. The tough morons who had it in for him, making him scoot daily for his life. The endless years of it, with happy childhood fading to a distant dreamlike glow, unreal – how his parents had seemed most often a part of the trap that kept him going back to the horrible adventure of life in public school. There had been no escape. Though he would never have done it himself, he understood a little why some of his fellow classmates had cashed it all in. School’s dire threats each day, coupled with the horrors of life at home had been too much for them. Suicide was the only answer. Nimrod’s home life had been a blessed refuge. His parents had been loving and meant well. That was what pulled him through it all.
He rolled out of bed, smiling ruefully at the poignancy of his memories. His feet hit the carpet and he froze. Lying there on the bedside table was the contract with the expensive, over-sized cheque fastened to the top of it with a fancy gold paper clip.
I’m still dreaming, he thought, stupefied. None of this happened. That guy was never here. Someone is playing a joke on me.
His hand reached out like a lengthening appendage appearing from the bottom of a movie screen (the arm and hand belonged to the victim of a drug scene or a nightmare). He brought the papers up to his eyes and reread everything over and over again.
“Yoiksth, and away!” yelled Daffy Duck from the livingroom. His boys’ laughter floated into the bedroom with the TV volume. A crazy, distant part of his brain placed the cartoon in the real world.
There was nothing in the contract that guaranteed him his original parents. That made crazy sense. They were already old, their children all raised and gone, and Nimrod would be going on from the here-and-now, only as a teenager and a stranger. He had no idea what kind of life he would have, what kind of home life. There was no guarantee that he would even remember his past life if he agreed. The thought terrified him because it was the vast unknown and it meant that he believed the offer of the contract and the word of the man with the pearl-colored suit and hair.
No amount of money was worth his memories! With resolve that was sudden as it was total he grasped the documents at the corners and tore them down the middle, then layered them and tore them in half again, then again and again. He dropped the pieces. The phenomenon of the fragments disappearing to dust-eddies in the morning sunlight seemed a small thing…
The Relics Monger
At some point late in the thirteenth century the feud between the German immigrant family of Tussleheim, and the south French clan of LeBris, came to a head. That is to say, roughly three generations of squabbling (some of it in armed earnest) was finally resolved by an intermediary of the Church. At least, at the time, everyone heaved a sigh that the feuding was ended.
Baron Jorg of Tussleheim was of German stock. But it was in name only. For three generations his family had lived in the south of France. Jorg spoke not German but the Langue d’oc, like his father before him.
The Sire Hugh LeBris of Chateaux LeCigones was French, through and through, as far back as his family tree could be traced (somewhere mistily vague during the reign of Pippin when the first lord of Bris managed to make himself a landowner knight instead of a peasant).
But their divergent ancestry had nothing to do with the animosity between the two families. Nor did their differences politically (that is to say, religiously: in those days it was nearly always the same thing). Tussleheim followed the current Holy Roman imperial papal nominee (because he was “German”). LeBris automatically lined up behind the actual French pope, Honorius IV. Both seigneurs were now well into middle age and past their ability to take up arms in all seriousness. Though neither of them had participated in the great battles of Benevento and Tagliacozzo, half a generation earlier; they had eagerly raided each others’ lands in the name of Guelph and Ghibelline. At the time it had been great fun – although the harried peasants would have held a different opinion – but now both families were quite impoverished and both blamed the other for their woes. The time was over-ripe for reconciliation.
As penance for past misdeeds the worthy Bishop of Turino commanded both knights to visit the Holy Land and to pray at the Holy Sepulchre for forgiveness.
It was a laudable penance, but not a wise one, as events revealed.
But it all began well enough. Baron Jorg and the Sire Hugh publically embraced and gave the kiss of peace with forced smiles and even added hearty slaps on the back. Then they both boarded ship together at Pisa and sailed for Outremer. They had not been afloat even one day before Baron and Sire began to grate on each other.
Like his father before him, and his father before him, and his… well, let us say for as long as there had been pilgrims coming to Palestine, his family had been making and selling religious relics. It had been (and he hoped would continue to be) a very lucrative occupation. There was literally no end to the pious (and proud) worthies who not only came to see the land of Our Lord and worship at his tomb, but needed to carry away some bit of authentic matter to show their families and rivals back home. Something that said: “I have been to Holy Ground. See, here is my proof.” And the proof would be a bit of the True Cross, or a fragment of the anatomy of some Saint, or a tiny bottle of water from the river Jordan or pool of Bethesda, or some sacred wine from the marriage at Cana, or earth from The Tomb. For the truly devoted pilgrim, who must take home a relic without peer in his land, and for a suitable price (for such a relic must be almost priceless), one might even find part of the actual Crown of Thorns, or a tooth from the head of John the Baptist, or one of the nails of the Crucifixion. And if the buyer was worthy and rich enough, he might even discover the very burial cloth of Our Lord.
“You corpulent son of a sow!”
“Bird-beaked merde-eater!” retorted the Baron.
“Fat-faced spawn of a baboon!” The Sire Hugh LeBris wiggled his long fingers under the purple-veined nose of the taller fat man. Then he stomped past him down the gang plank. The wharf of Acre smote the nostrils, after weeks at sea, with its miasma of human waste, rotting garbage and tropical oven heat.
The torpid form of Baron Jorg lumbered after the almost bird-like Sire of LeCigones. The baron’s floridity was pale only in contrast with his sausage-colored surcoat. He puffed indignantly:
“Fat am I then? I suppose you think so, you, you desiccated insect!”
“Hah! At least I do not perspire like a rutting swine!”
His face purpling even more with fury, the Baron followed his rapidly strutting neighbor as the Sire LeBris pushed his way up the street between the awning-covered stalls of sellers of fish. The two noblemen left their attendant behind to sort out the baggage and follow after.
Unnoticed in the crowds of turbaned, bearded men and veiled women, an individual with amused and calculating dark eyes observed the interplay between the two Franj lords newly arrived in Acre. Smiling inside his beard, he waited until their angry voices were lost in the crowds then turned toward the wharf. From the shadowed obscurity and comfort of a striped awning, this man observed the servants of the two households. Both parties were mixed together, chatting pleasantly now that they were no longer under the eyes and ears of their masters. It became obvious that the households of the two Franj lords did not share in the animosity that so animated them. The servants joked with each other, at their masters’ expense. Whatever feud there was, it was only personal and it seemed that the retainers could hardly care less.
The observer listened to the men as they worked and learned enough in a few minutes. He stepped forward into the fierce sunlight of the open street.
“Welcome, masters, to the Kingdom of Jerusalem,” he said, bowing expansively. “Have I the honor of addressing the households of the two pilgrims newly arrived, whom we have been expecting for some days?”
The retainers paused in their labor, examining the turbaned and bearded man. A sergeant of the baron’s household said, “Expected by whom?”
The native of Acre waved a hand. “Pardon my rudeness. I am a servant of my lord, Elias ab-Bitwar. He has heard of your imminent arrival with interest, for he has a service to perform for the great lords of Breesh and Tushlem. I do not see either of them here. Did I arrive too late?”
“Your accent is most barbarous,” replied the sergeant with a lofty air. “The name of my lord is Baron Jorg of Tussleheim. He travels with the Sire Hugh LeBris.”
“Ah, even so, forgive me,” the turban wagged humbly. “I apologize, sir knight, for mispronouncing their worthy names.” The sergeant enjoyed the conceit of being mistaken for a knight and did not bother to correct the native.
“Well, that’s fine. State your business to me, and I will relay it to our masters.”
“Oh no, that will not do. My master, Elias, was most specific. I am to talk to the Franj lords personally. Could you, perhaps, tell me where they will be lodging, so that I may drop by at a convenient time?”
“Oh, very well. They are staying at the hospice of the Knights Templar.”
An out-of-breath voice broke in:
“No, we will not be staying at the hospice.” Baron Jorg came to a sweating halt, weaving slightly and mopping his wet face with the hem of his surcoat. “I will not stay another moment in the same city with that petty-fogging little French turd.” He waved a beefy arm at his men. “Get that stuff back on-board ship. We are sailing south.”
Wordlessly the servants looked at one another, then began the mechanical and slow reversal of their work. The ship’s master noticed this immediately.
“Sir Jorg, what are you doing?” he called across from the deck of the ship. He placed his own considerable bulk at the head of the gang plank, blocking the servants from bringing the baggage aboard. “If you wish to board my ship you must first pay passage for the journey. Where is it you intend to go?”
The baron looked nonplussed and puffed his cheeks before answering. “Well, well, I don’t know, since I am a stranger here. We are north of Jerusalem, are we not?
“My dear baron, we are indeed north of Jerusalem. But Acre is the only port in Christian hands. I gather that you are here to worship at the Holy Sepulchre. Well, the only corridor open to pilgrims is from here. It is a long journey, but a safe one, because the Sultan of Cairo has allowed it by treaty with the king. If we go south and put in at the port of Haifa we will pay a stiff wharf tax; or I should clarify, you will pay the tax. And although the road from Haifa to Jerusalem is direct and much shorter the route is plagued with Bedouin brigands. It is most perilous.”
“Should I concern myself with money?” Baron Jorg blustered. “Or am I to avoid drawing my sword against a few infidel ruffians, dogs of Satan?” He pawed across his paunch until he had drawn his broadsword, and he waved it in the air for emphasis. The effort made his jowls wiggle. Nevertheless, a trace of the old prowess remained yet, giving the fat man a measure of bellicose dignity. No one laughed. His sergeant laid an affectionate and restraining hand on the arm of his lord.
“My lord, we would follow you anywhere. But let us consider the shipmaster’s wisdom. I am your commander of foot back home. But how many men do we have here with us? Not even a score of men under arms altogether, even counting the armed grooms – and no other horsemen saving you and myself.” Before the baron could argue, the sergeant turned and asked, “How strong are these brigands?”
“Oh, numbered in scores at the very least. In hundreds if need be,” the shipmaster replied.
The baron allowed himself to be persuaded. “Where then shall we stay?” he asked the world at large. “For I will not share the same roof with that popinjay.”
“If my lord will give heed to my words,” said the turbaned man, “my master the merchant Elias ab-Bitwar has lodgings available for arriving pilgrims.”
Baron Jorg turned and looked at the man for the first time. “Who, is this?” he asked his sergeant.
“A servant of a man who says we have been expected.”
“Expected? Expected? How?” the baron asked.
“We have known of your coming for many days, lord baron,” the man bowed. “Our business partners in Pisa bring us news of pilgrims coming to Acre. We prepare services and accommodations, as you have need.”
“I’m not sure I like the sound of that,” the baron said.
“As you wish,” said the turbaned man, bowing his head politely again. “You could always apply at the hospice of the Teutonic Knights for lodgings, if you prefer.”
“Really!” the baron smiled with pleasure. “I didn’t know the Teutonic Knights had a presence here. That is capital.”
That suggestion suited the baron very well. Arriving at the hospice they found every man in the place German. After making a fool of himself trying to converse in that language, he relapsed back into his native Langue d’oc, punctuated with Latin.
The Sire Hugh LeBris received a visitor to his apartments at the hospice of the Knights Templar. The Knights were familiar with the visitor. He was a Jew, and also a Lebanese convert to the Maronite sect. But although the Grand Master of the Templars had financial dealings with Elias ab-Bitwar, it was not the Grand Master that Elias came today to see. No. Today the businessman was paying his respects to the Franj lord, offering his services as the most experienced tour guide in the city of Acre. No other was more traveled than he or so able to cross borders with ease. If there was a man in the Holy Land who could lead a pilgrim knight to Jerusalem, by way of all the Holy Places in Palestine, it was none other than Elias ab-Bitwar.
Sire Hugh was captivated at this chance to show up the porcine Jorg of Tussleheim, to “leave him in the dust,” as it were.
After arrangements had been made to both Elias’s and Sire Hugh’s satisfaction the Maronite departed with a deep salaam.
Later that same day, Quotidian, Elias’s faithful servant and scout, came again into the presence of Baron Jorg. A similar arrangement was made with that nobleman, to lead him to Jerusalem via Nazareth, the Sea of Galilee and then down the Jordan and cross to Bethlehem and Jerusalem, indeed, to all of the Holy Places.
On the appointed day, Baron Jorg was ready. He rode a palfrey of fine points. His pilgrim’s hat was new and very wide, shielding his obesity from the leeching sun. His right arm, Sergeant DeCharney, rode beside him. Both men were armed on that first day out from Acre, feeling the indignity of riding toward the lands of the infidel without mail and shield. After all, they were crusaders first, pilgrims second. The penance of the Bishop of Turino seemed to have been forgotten.
By the end of the day, both baron and sergeant were ready to pack their armor back into the panniers, just as Quotidian had advised before setting out from Acre. “Noble lords, we are riding through Christian lands the first day. After that, we will be safe enough, under the Sultan Qalawun’s guaranteed truce. You have nothing to fear, except the heat! It has been my experience that the Franj who visit my land do not ride well in their mail.” So Baron Jorg allowed himself to be persuaded after that first day. For the rest of the journey to Jerusalem both baron and sergeant rode unarmed. The servants who formed the household walked the whole way in the dust of the horse’s hooves, heads bowed, uncomplaining. Quotidian kept up a cheerful chatter the while, pointing out historical sites and providing anecdotes for their amusement.
They rode slowly, slower than Elias had anticipated, so that, two days out from Jerusalem, he found himself suddenly pulling up at a hostelry operated by the Knights of Saint John, where Quotidian was staying with Baron Jorg. Before Elias could turn aside and take the road that led down to the Jordan, and thus change their planned itinerary – but also avoid the baron – the Sire LeBris suddenly sat upright in his saddle, glaring at a horse that was stabled behind the outbuildings.
“Eh? Curse the luck!” he fumed. “I would know that fat capon’s mount anywhere. That’s Jorgy’s palfrey or I’m a filthy Jew.”
The Sire LeBris spurred his horse up to the hostel and dismounted eagerly. The set to his pointy jaw belied his “luck”. He was already enjoying this chance encounter.
Elias ab-Bitwar sighed, rolling his eyes heaven-ward. The double tour was ruined. From now one the two Franj would be at each other, distracted from more important matters, such as collecting suitable relics to take home.
I should have had the baron ride behind, thought Elias ruefully; he would never have caught up to this rabid little fox.
Baron Jorg was even at that very moment sitting down to an enormous repast. His beefy hand was halfway to his mouth with half a chicken, when he spied the trim, stooped form of his old adversary pause in the doorway, blinking owlishly as he scanned the interior gloom. When he thought he spied Baron Jorg near one corner by a window, the French lord advanced at once, his myopic eyes screwed narrowly to confirm his suspicions.
“Ah, hah! It is you. I thought maybe you had sold that poor beast of yours to some unsuspecting Arab, to finance your premature trip home. So, you thought you could beat me to Jerusalem, did you?”
Baron Jorg’s surprise turned instantly to anger. He lowered his chicken.
“Do not flatter yourself. I did not think of you at all. And if anyone goes home without fulfilling his vows it will not be me.” He thumped himself in the bosom, oblivious of the dripping, roasted bird in his fat fist.
LeBris smiled at the ludicrous sight. His whole visage mocked the baron.
“What is so funny?” the baron demanded, in spite of himself. LeBris had ever been able to goad him. The midget’s mockery was beyond endurance.
“You,” laughed the Sire Hugh. “I think that if you held a dagger in your hand instead of that lethal capon you would have just now stabbed yourself, but not to death, you fat travesty of knighthood!”
The baron glanced down at himself and his face went purple.
“You, you…” It was too much. He roared then and lurched upright, upsetting the bench, and throwing the uneaten fowl at the laughing face of his foe. His broadsword was in his hand amazingly fast and he pushed the table over in his sudden rush. Gravy and fruit sprayed everywhere.
The Sire Hugh’s face changed in a trice. His smile dropped and his eyes only retained animation. The rest of his features were as an emotionless mask. Backing away he drew his own broadsword.
Fouling the hem of his gown, Baron Jorg stepped through the spilled gravy with his shoes of Tuscan leather. His first blow was mistimed in anger and came too early. The edge of the blade bit into the top of the table that LeBris maneuvered himself behind. Sire Hugh’s return stroke also missed because he tripped on a bench. The two aged knights tottered and lumbered around the common room, scattering the guests to the four walls and out the door. The words expelled, the war cries vented, made no sense and the cacophony was terrific for a very brief spell. The swords flashed wickedly in the secondary light that emanated through the open door and narrow windows. Avoiding one particularly heavy and lethal blow, the Sire Hugh fell back and rolled through the gravy, ruining his clothes. He nevertheless sustained a deep cut on his left bicep. Baron Jorg was perforated twice through his gown and outer layer of fat. But neither knight had gotten close enough, long enough, to do mortal damage. Their men looked for any opening in the clumsy duel, where they could slip in quickly and pull their lords apart. Finally, before either one was quite winded, but not until considerable damage had been wrought to the common room and its furnishings, Sergeant DeCharney grappled the baron from behind and pinned his arm. Servants ran between them then and pushed LeBris back. Swearing and gesticulating over the heads of their retainers, the Sire and Baron allowed themselves to be led away and from the battlefield.
“My lord,” said DeCharney later as he finished attending to his master’s wounds. “I believe we are in the clutches of a shyster.”
Baron Jorg shifted his bulk painfully on the couch. He winced. His duel with that desiccated stick had pulled muscles that Jorg had forgotten he had. The two wounds to his layer of fat were painful too – but nothing compared to what he had dealt LeBris. The only thing that made it unsatisfying was he could not remember how he had managed the stroke that had wounded the other knight’s arm. If Jorg had been able to go over each detail of the battle in his mind it would have been very worth a lot more discomfort. But it was all a haze. He had gone quite berserk, seeing everything through a red mist of rage. It had been years since he had felt himself lose his temper so completely. He had begun to think that he no longer had it in him. That, at least, was satisfying.
“’A shyster’, what do you mean, sergeant?”
“I should say, a pair of them, actually. I am referring to that glib snake, Quotidian. At no time did he ever mention that his master would be leading LeBris right along behind us. Nor did he bother to tell us that this route we have been following is riddled with hucksters selling everything under the sun from wart medicines made from the graves of Saints, to cures for blindness – not to mention the sellers of relics. It turns my stomach.”
“Some of the relics must be genuine, surely,” the baron said. His voice was pious. He did not like his sergeant’s cynicism. It was one of Baron Jorg’s ambitions on this pilgrimage to find a holy relic that would put Tussleheim on the map – something so unique that LeBris could never hope to equal it.
“Oh, undoubtedly, some are real,” said the Sire of LeCigones. Jorg and DeCharney turned at the sound of his voice. Hugh stood in the doorway. His sword arm was heavily bandaged and in a sling. He did not seem too troubled by it.
The baron sat up with effort. “What do you want?”
“Why, to talk, and to see how you are getting along. Still in bed I see.” He examined the fingernails of his free hand.
“I am not in bed because of anything you did to me, you, you dried out beef bone. I have an upset stomach.”
“From over-exercise, no doubt,” the Sire Hugh said.
“Listen, you gabbling crow, I do not wish to talk with you. If you have something of moment or intelligence to say then get it said, man, and leave me in peace.”
“Well, then, I have been asking around about our two guides: the worthy Quotidian and his master the Jew. But, if you do not wish me talk, I shall go.” He turned as if to leave.
“A Jew? We are being guided to the holy places by a Jew? Baron Jorg looked pole-axed. “Stay, we have to talk.”
“As you wish,” said the Sire Hugh with a thin smile of satisfaction. “Yes, a Jew. That is what the merchant, money-lender and shyster Elias ab-Bitwar is, even though he flatters himself that he is a convert to Christ.”
“And how do you know this? When did you learn this?”
“That is of no consequence,” Hugh dismissed with a flip of his free hand.
“You knew!” Jorg accused. “It’s absolutely obscene, letting a murderer of Our Lord lead you through his Holy Land.”
“Do not be such an absurd ass. You have been traveling the distance yourself, led by his servant. What is the difference? Besides, we are surrounded on all sides by infidels who only let us worship at the Holy Sepulchre because they say we can. Which is worse?”
“I do not know,” the baron relented, suddenly looking very tired out. “What about them?”
“Who?”
“That Jew and his lackey, you dolt. You said you knew something important about them.”
“I do not know anything. I am a dolt.”
“Will you, never, stop? It makes me angry.”
“Apologize for calling me a gabbling crow, a dried out beef bone and a dolt.”
“Argh!” the baron growled as he forced himself into a full sitting position. “You called me a corpulent son of a sow!”
“Don’t be absurd. That was three weeks ago.”
“It doesn’t matter when it was.”
“I only lost my temper because you threw the chess board into the sea when you started to lose.”
“I was not losing! I only got angry because you would not stop that infernal noise that you are pleased to call singing. You know that I can’t concentrate when you do that.”
“Are you still accusing me of cheating? I am leaving.”
“Wait! Get back here. Let’s drop it. I am tired. What’s so important that brings you to my rooms? Tell me and be done with it.”
“Do you apologize for calling me a dolt?”
“Yes, yes! if it will loosen your tongue!”
“Very well, after inquiring about I have found that Elias ab-Bitwar and Quotidian are actually the masters of those sellers of relics out there that have been pestering us for days. It’s a monopoly.”
“The unprincipled, grasping swine!”
“Yes. And it was only my riding faster and catching you up…”
“You did not ride faster,” the baron interrupted, “I was riding slowly to enjoy myself.”
“…which allowed me to compare the similarities of our two separate journeys,” the Sire Hugh continued. “And I have seen that you and I are on nothing other than a trip intended to convince us to collect spurious trinkets at high prices. This ab-Bitwar is nothing more than a relics monger.”
“Have you bought anything yet?” asked the baron.
The lord of LeCigones waved his free hand dismissively. “No, of course not! Not for me, that is. I have purchased a few minor items for my friends back home – things that will make the religious simpletons content.” He sniffed and looked out the window.
Baron Jorg eyed him silently for a moment then he said, “I too have withheld my money from these riffraff hucksters. And I am glad now that I have done so. So, what do we do now?”
“I suggest that we keep an eye open and our hands on our purses. Let us both depart from the presence of these two, when our penance is completed at the Holy Sepulchre. Let us buy nothing from these two.”
Baron Jorg agreed. And after LeBris had left, he said to DeCharney:
“I wonder what it is that he wants so badly from the Jew. I guess he thought that I will not find out if I promise to not buy relics from him. Well, LeBris is a snake. All he wants to do is trick me into letting LeCigones become known as the home for some famous relic of Our Lord’s Passion. Well, his little ploy just now will not work on me. I will find out what it is that he’s after and either out-bid him or find something even more holy! When this pilgrimage is over, it will be Tussleheim and not LeCigones that shall be known far and wide. Our house, not LeBris, shall be held in the highest esteem throughout Christendom – for the greater glory of God, of course,” he hastened to add.
Elias ab-Bitwar could not believe his luck. Any other time he would have sold a small fortune’s worth of relics to two Franj lords from the West. He had thought his entire venture ruined when they had run into each other, and that they would see through his façade of guiding them and discover his network. And in fact that much is exactly what had occurred, thus his initial worry. But instead of telling him to decamp, or threatening him with his life, each knight had prepared to continue their journey. 
Neither Franj behaved as though they were in any way angry with him. But ab-Bitwar noticed that now they traveled closely, and that the public wrangling had been replaced with silent scrutiny.
The combined parties of pilgrims completed their journey at Jerusalem, praying at the Holy Sepulchre, the Mount of Olives, the hill of Golgotha and the Garden Tomb. All the while the air around the two lords crackled with unspoken animosity that ab-Bitwar could have cut with a knife.
On the return road to Acre, ab-Bitwar engaged both in conversation, but it was impossible to talk to either one alone. The moment that he began to speak to one the other was soon riding alongside to listen. Obviously, both of the Franj lords wanted something. And both wanted to prevent the other from getting whatever it was. Wise to the ways of devout pilgrims, of course, ab-Bitwar knew what each man sought. So a day out from Acre he cast bait.
“Many pilgrims come to the Holy Land looking for some possession to express to the rest of the world their devotion to God,” the converted Jew said. The Sire Hugh was riding on his left hand, the baron on his right. He had both their attentions immediately. “My lord LeBris, which relic would you say is the most precious in all of Christendom?”
“The True Cross, of course.”
“I agree,” put in Baron Jorg. “But nobody expects to ever acquire that.”
“Of course,” said LeBris. 
“Sadly, yes,” said ab-Bitwar. “Almost nobody expects to. Sultan Qalawun seems unlikely to part with it. My lords, after the True Cross, what is next?”
“The Crown of Thorns,” said Jorg.
“Our Lord’s parted cloak,” said LeBris.
“Nay, Our Lord’s Shroud!” insisted Jorg.
“Ah, I would have to agree,” said ab-Bitwar reverently.
“Why do you ask, Master Elias?” asked the baron.
“You both know me for a seller of holy relics.”
“We both know you for a filthy seller of fakes, you mean,” said the baron and LeBris smiled grimly.
“Bravely spoken,” said ab-Bitwar. “But let me explain something to you both. In the Holy Land we native Christians see two kinds of pilgrims only, the callow and the devout. The callow typifies the main mass of humanity. They are easily impressed by baubles. I am in the business of satisfying their wants and I make a hefty profit from their weakness. They are happy with their relics that they take home to impress neighbors, and I am able to make a living. I can always separate these common folk from the devout by offering them the trinkets that I mass produce for consumption. The devout turn away from such obvious shams, the devout are only interested in true relics and can tell the difference. I have tested the both of you, as you discovered, and have to say that I find both of you associated with the most devout pilgrims I have ever had the honor of accompanying. It has been my privilege and my pleasure, my lords.”
Ab-Bitwar salaamed low in the saddle between them, first to the one and then to the other. He smiled inwardly at the way both men straightened in their saddles and unconsciously puffed out their chests a little. The three of them rode a ways in silence then LeBris said:
“Are any of the true relics even extant anymore? Surely all of them are enshrined in Holy Church by now.”
“A few remain yet,” said ab-Bitwar.
“Which ones?” the two lords said together, then glared over the merchant at each other.
Ab-Bitwar affected not to notice, but inwardly he was getting quite excited. To hook two fat fish on a single line was a rare pleasure.
“I have seen the True Cross with my own eyes, and I have bargained with the Sultan for its ransom. That may work out one day as I hope. In my collection I have one of the Nails of the Crucifixion. This I know to be genuine because it has been passed down in the Maronite church for many generations. I purchased it at great price and it forms the source of my conversion to Christ. And I know of one other, but it is too holy to speak of in public. Yet I would show it to you both, in private.”
And nothing either man could say would draw ab-Bitwar out to say anymore.
Neither man could believe his eyes, literally. They walked around The Shroud, bending over it and trying to see it from every angle in the massed torch and lamp light. Elias ab-Bitwar watched both Franj lords silently to one side, his hands stuffed into the voluminous sleeves of his brocade robe.
“It is exquisite!” breathed LeBris, quite overcome. Baron Jorg was speechless and his eyes were glistening with pious tears of veneration.
The ancient linen cloth – quite twice the length of a tall man – was spread out on two long tables set end to end. The full-bodied image of a crucifixion victim was clearly visible, front and back, and joined at the top of the head. It was a ghostly image, a negative, where what should be seen as shadow was invisible. And what should have been lighted plains showed as dark stains of brown in the coarse threads. The nail wounds, the spear wound in the side and the ravaged brow all showed darker stains of dried blood, faded to brown with the passing centuries. It was easy to see why depictions of The Christ all resembled each other. The face in the Shroud was bearded, angular, long in the nose, ascetic and eerily majestic. With this picture of the Christ as common knowledge among the faithful, long, long ago, it was easy to see why he was remembered this way.
Both men were thinking: It must be real. No man could fake such a thing!
Baron Jorg spoke at last: “What I want to know is this, how can you, a Jew, come to possess such a thing?”
The money lender, merchant, tour guide, relics monger, and Jew, looked into eyes that held an ancient hatred. He suppressed a shiver. Under different circumstances he held no doubts that those same old eyes wanted to see him dead. But he shrugged with affected casualness and replied:
“It has been in my family for as long as we remember. How we came by it I do not know. Tradition says that a many-times-great grandsire found it in a Greek monastery in the Oultre-Jordaine shortly after the first wave of desert fanatics of the Arab prophet Muhammad swept over the earth. The monks knew that Islam respected the Jews as the first people of the book. The monks felt that the Shroud would be safer with a Jewish merchant until it could be removed from the lands of the Muslims. But rather than smuggle the Shroud, my ancestor kept it and converted to Christ. The Shroud’s Virtue has a very powerful influence upon the possessor! Each son who receives it must swear to never sell it.”
“Then why show it to us?” hissed LeBris. His knuckles were white on the pommel of his broadsword.
“You misunderstand, my lords,” said ab-Bitwar. “I am willing to sell, for I never took such an oath not to. My father died when I was but a child. The Shroud came to me, but I have felt unworthy, being merely a recent convert to The True Faith. Possessing it plagues me with feelings of unworthiness. I have tried, but I am weary of the struggle. As I said, it possesses much Virtue, more than a merchant of the profane, such as myself can withstand.”
He bowed his head in humility and fell silent, eyes downcast.
“Name your price, then,” said LeBris and the baron together.
“Get me the body by tomorrow,” Elias ab-Bitwar said to his servant, Quotidian. “It must be dead no more than two hours. I want you to do the execution yourself. I do not trust another. This sack of bezants will assure the cooperation of the jailor. When you have the corpse, bring it here to my laboratory.”
Quotidian nodded wordlessly, took the sack of coins under his robe and departed.
He set up the roll of very old linen and then he and Quotidian laid out the fresh corpse of the well-muscled, bearded man on it: the body had been smeared with a special oil that ab-Bitwar had invented for this purpose, and used only once before. Blood still dripped from the wounds of crucifixion and the spear thrust into the side that Quotidian had administered just over two hours before. (The relics monger’s servant could still see and hear the tableau recently played out in the bowels of the dungeon. The prisoner had been brought struggling and screaming into the chamber where the truncated cross was laid out on the floor. With the jailor’s help, hammer and nails were plied, one limb at a time, and then the cross was raised against the wall and the prisoner left for a few hours. Coming back, Quotidian had thrust the man through with a short spear, then removed the nails and bundled the body into a tarpaulin and the two of them had loaded it onto a cart in the dead of night. The well greased wheels had silently turned and the iron tires crunched over the stones in the streets as the cart had bourn its grisly burden to the door at the back of Elias ab-Bitwar’s house.)
After the body had been positioned, with the hands crossed over the genitals, the final arrangements were made to duplicate the Shroud. Both men could reference the original easily where it hung in a frame against the far wall. Torches and oil lamps blazed around the subterranean chamber turning the air hot. Satisfied, ab-Bitwar nodded and the two of them raised the top half of the linen sheet and covered the body with it. Motioning wordlessly, the relics monger had his servant help move the lamps and torches in closer to the stone slab that the enshrouded body lay on.
“Somehow, a trick of the heat causes the linen fibers to pick up the oils from the body, and from the ointments,” ab-Bitwar said quietly, almost absently as if to himself. “See, here, and here,” he pointed. “You can already see the darkening process taking place. You may go now. I will tend it and replace the fire.”
Quotidian bowed his head and silently went up the stairs. A last look down at the laboratory showed him his master gazing as if mesmerized upon the visage of the dead face starting to appear through the cloth.
Later, ab-Bitwar removed the original Shroud from its frame and carefully rolled it away into a dark, dry closet where year-round the temperature never varied perceptibly. He locked the door. The new shroud he left lying on the stone slab. Then he went up the stairs and locked the door, returning to his public business after yet another “brief journey.” Meanwhile, his servant Quotidian disposed of the corpse by dismembering it first, then bundling the pieces out of town on the covered cart to one of the many midden heaps. Rats did the rest.
“I expect one of the Franj sometime tonight,” ab-Bitwar said to Quotidian. “Whichever one calls first, send him up to me at once.”
The master had been called away suddenly on urgent business. Quotidian was in charge of the household as usual until Elias should return from Cairo, some time before the end of summer, he had said.
Quotidian knew that Elias was plotting with the Sultan Qalawun for the betrayal of Acre. It was only a matter of time. The pitiful remnant of the Franj kingdom was doomed. Everyone knew that except the Franj themselves.
Well, thought Quotidian, I will not stay and be part of it. Jews and native Christians might die in the sack as quickly as the Franj. I am getting out now, while the master is away. But first, I will need money.
He sat down to compose a letter to be taken to a certain Franj pilgrim who still remained in Acre, awaiting passage back to his homeland, a knight who, Quotidian knew, was bitter with disappointment, for his life-long enemy had just a few days previously sailed away with a priceless treasure. Quotidian was about to remove that disappointment. In the letter, he asked: would the worthy knight be interested in a certain Shroud?
Details of what followed need no elaboration. Both lords LeBris and Tussleheim returned home within days of each other. Both claimed to hold the very Shroud of Our Lord’s Burial in their respective castle chapels. Both claimed that the other was a lying spawn of Satan. And both declared war. In the ensuing brief but bitter struggle, Chateaux LeCigones was burnt and gutted, its precious relic destroyed in the flames. Neither lord would ever after speak to the other. Their wrangling and mutual mud-slinging bouts were a thing of the receding past, forgotten in the hatred of the present. And all over a length of old linen with the mysterious image of a torture man impressed upon it.
Baron Jorg fell upon times of real poverty. Tussleheim was sold off to pay the ruinous debt mainly incurred when he had bought the Shroud. The family moved to Lirey in France, where it died out with the baron’s passing soon after.
DeCharney, now a knight indeed, and coming up in the world, passed the Shroud on to his descendants. Much later, it was given for unknown reasons into the hands of the Duke of Savoy, who placed it in the ancestral capital of Chambéry. After a fire there almost destroyed the Shroud, the then-current Duke of Savoy moved it to his new capital city south of the Alps, Torino, where it remains to this day…
Three Fatal Delays on the 78th Floor
In stall number one we have Guy. He’s here because he has a little incontinence problem, which has stained his pants with a tell-tale patch of dark wet. He’s waiting, naturally enough, for the darkness to fade so that he won’t embarrass himself as he walks past Doris and the other girls to get to his cubicle. And also naturally enough, Guy is aware of the fact that two of the other stalls in the men’s room are occupied. He doesn’t know for certain who’s in them, only that he will not risk another razzing from either Peter or Dave, his two workplace nemeses. His careful waiting is well-founded in past experience. And bending down to peek under the stall wall he thinks he recognizes Peter’s hateful loafers. The toes tap up and down to some silent rock tune, no doubt. Peter is positively wired most of the time, always looking for the weak chink in anyone’s social armor. Unfortunately for Guy, Peter knows all of his buttons by now. He avoids Peter like the pox.
In stall number two we have the middle man (Guy is to his left). And yes, Guy is observant, this is Peter. His Christian name is actually profanely appropriate. He is playing with his peter right now. This is probably the most indicative habit defining his one-track personality. Doris is sometimes offended and other-times flattered by Peter’s attentions. If she knew his habit of spanking his monkey, sad to say, her ambivalence would only soar. Hers is a carnal and sensual personality, and Peter can sense this easily, since Doris laughs at all his crude jokes – at the same time telling him he’s the grossest pig she has ever known. Peter has Doris – lovely, well-fleshed Doris (“with big ones”) – on his mind as he silently distracts himself in the men’s room. Guy is far from his thoughts at the moment. And he doesn’t know or care particularly who is occupying either stall. It uses all his well-worn skills to do what he is doing silently. Not that he cares if anyone knows, not really. He just thinks that being distracted by outside observation has always inhibited his libido. It is the single and diminishing corner of his character that is still positively not corrupt – that he doesn’t like being the object of voyeurism (however, given enough development in his current and long-term direction, Peter would no doubt overcome his self-consciousness and imagine that he wants more than anything in existence to become another Kid Sparkles or Johnny Wad).
In the final stall, stall number three, sits the Spider. If he were a woman then his personality would be better applied to gender. He is pretending to answer nature. His whole attention is focused upon the other two stalls to his left. The inordinate length of time each employee is taking, and the fact that both of them wasted more company time using a restroom on another floor, is making Dave very pleased. He hates both Guy and Peter, for different reasons entirely. Peter devotes himself to making Dave’s workplace life miserable, and Guy is more talented than Dave. The only way Dave is going to get ahead with the Company is to discredit Guy. And so he has been looking for weeks now for evidence to incriminate him before the boss. Dave is without doubt a worse fellow than Guy ever imagined, or Peter could ever develop into. His nature is condemned in at least four counts by the seven things which are an abomination before God. He loves discord among brethren, he sews hatred where he can, he gossips expertly, and he tells lies with a flair that the father of all lies must surely admire. In his hands right now he has a pad and pencil. There are many notes, dates, times and locations. You can guess what the content is well enough.
So we have three men, all in their mid to late thirties. The tragedy is not that they are about to die. No, it’s the wasteland of their lives. None of them are married. None of them are chaste (although Guy is infrequent and feels guilt-ridden when his casual affairs always die – while Peter need not be raised again, enough said there! – and Dave is cold-hearted and self-righteous, a church-goer, who finds the world around himself a cesspit of carnal, sensual and devilish people who are all going to hell. His lack of chastity is spiritual. He would not scruple about sex, if he ever thought using his body would get him preferment, and the only thing that has stopped him up till now is his cold-fish face and utter self-absorption). None of them are focused on anything lofty or grand. All three are devoted to the American ideal of getting ahead in the office world of the yuppies. None of them are thinking further ahead than the rest of the morning, to lunch break, and what they might do with that hour today.
But we need go no further with this. Doom approaches.
Guy finally flushes the toilet ostentatiously and gets up, satisfied that the wet stain has dried enough. Peter pauses in his practiced prolongations, deciding that he is in no hurry at all. Dave scribbles the time from his wristwatch – the exact hour and to the minute that fellow in stall number one finally decided to quit wasting Company time.
Only Guy is on his feet when United Flight 175 makes its final course correction, lifts its nose slightly and plows at over 200 mph into the side of the second World Trade Center Tower…
Love-Hate
…the mother was yammering-hammering at the child with her voice because she was setting the container down on the unwashed counter again without a thought and the picnic box would have spears and crumbs in it again which would of course aggravate the mother no end like all the other things her numerous brood did and had been doing for nigh on twenty-five years – and she was tired which she mentioned often in the ears of her remaining children at home while they and she counted the minutes with sub consciousness and the days aloud to the time when they could “leave this house forever”
the children were looking forward to the picnic not because they were going with their mother or father who was always busy on his computer and didn’t evince the slightest interest in stopping and only did so because it was somehow perceived as his religious duty which he did not exactly shirk or wish abrogated but did often wish that it was not thrust upon him so often – but the children were looking forward to the picnic because all children like picnics as an excuse to get out of the house where voices and bodies and messes are so often too close together for comfort
words were filling the air and none of them really very nice and all of them actually out of habit as emotional buttons were poked and the mother used her repertoire of “be nice to your sister/brother” “say three nice things about (insert name)” and all of it was so worn and automatic that she could think faraway things at the exact moment the words passed her tightened lips and gritting teeth
the picnic was late anyways and it would be getting chilly before they got to the park so the dad figured it was a waste of time and would not be very pleasant diversion with the only redeeming feature of the whole outing being its briefness
the argument of which park to go to would take more time and that was to the good as far as the dad was concerned because he’d get back to his computer sooner that way so he didn’t budge until every single child was already in the van and waiting
meanwhile things came up and time went by and the affair became even more impractical 
but the mother would not let it go because families were supposed to do things together on family night
and so it all turned out  – one more family outing bought the farm and blame was hurled about and tears shed by little ones and the father silently kept one hand on the steering wheel and an elbow on the armrest
the sun was already down when they got to the park but it wouldn’t have been so bad if the food had been better but it was only leftovers which no one had enjoyed the first time and parks and picnics don’t really change the food not really
times were bad for everyone these days but at least this family had money for enough food and gas for the van
more was required before they would look back with fondness upon the days they had spent together when they had not been hungry and had had the freedom – the means – to travel away from the house whenever they felt like it
and more was forthcoming soon enough because hard times did that to everyone everywhere…
Rameslie
My father Lars Nelsson came to England with Canute, and brought his wife Fay and their two sons, Myrddin (myself) and John, my brother who was but a babe in arms. I was barely four years of age when we made that voyage, but I remember it well. I was pleased with how my father handled the steering oar and gave orders to the men trimming the sail and at the oar benches. But the bottomless depth of the open water terrified me in a manner which to this day I have never entirely overcome. I do not travel at sea except with the greatest need and reluctance.
My unusual name was chosen by my mother because her family came from Wales, a land that she had never seen. Her own mother and father had come to Denmark from there with the ships of King Harald Bluetooth. Apparently there was some compulsion involved in their emigrating, and my grandfather was busy for the rest of his days working to pay off a debt. He died before he had grown old. His heart failed him in his fields one day, and not long after that he passed from this world to his rest. My mother and her parents were Christian. But my father was pagan, though originally he did not really believe in any gods at all, being quite unconcerned with such things.
My father and mother met in the natural course of daily business. Young Lars was a warrior, as were all of my Danish ancestors who could wield weapons in the shieldwall. He was already learning the craft of mastering a steering oar, and he went oversea with Sweyn in his attacks upon the English. But my father's main skill was in numbers and letters, which he mastered early.
In between campaigns, Lars tried to impress Fay with his prowess and intelligence. But Mother was devout and would have nothing to do with him, until he came back the last time and showed her how he had been converted to Christ while in England. After that, Sweyn allowed that my father could remain in Denmark and manage his tallages, which he did with great facility. I was born to them not long after. Two years later, Sweyn died in England and his son Canute returned briefly to recruit more men for that final campaign which won Canute his kingdom. He had seen father's example, of how to win a woman's loyalty by sharing her heart. Canute needed to win the hearts of the English, and he needed a queen that would strengthen him and his rule. His efforts to woo the widow of King Ethelred had failed completely. But when Canute cast aside the old gods and took Christ, then Emma Godgifu came willingly to his bed and wore her crown at his side.
We settled in Sandwic. My brother Mark and my sister Loretta were added to the family. Father's facility with accounting gave him employment in the managing of the lands held in the shire by the archbishop (of Canterbury). Throughout his life, he also remained as part of the king's ship fyrd. His last military duty was in the fleet which King Edward took to lay siege by sea to Bruges town, when Count Baldwin was in extreme disfavor with the pope. So Father played a small role in bringing that proud man down and restoring him to the good graces of Holy Church. In exchange for our holding in Sandwic, Father and Mother secured themselves to retire in their old age to the monastery and nunnery of Christchurch. By then my siblings and I had gone our ways in the world.
I met my wife Gwyndolyn (of the Maughan clan in Wales) during the course of travels for the archbishop, as agent for my Father. (Such business was irksome to me, as I have never had a head for numbers, although letters and I are comfortable companions.) She was traveling with her father, a physician who served in the house of the abbot of Fécamp. Later I secured better employment (more suited to my nature) as a craftsman in metals for the purpose of making jewelry. Connections through my father-in-law brought us to Rameslie, a holding of the abbot in Sussex, where we have lived ever since.
Legally my wife and I are thegns. But until now I have never expected myself to serve in the military capacity due of my rank. There has been no need. And the issue has never until now come up. Being a craftsman by trade, I have never thought of us as more than well-off villagers. I suppose that Rameslie is becoming a town by now. And it certainly is a port. But I have never followed my father's career as a steersman. Nor have I ever felt a desire to emulate his exploits as a warrior on land. A very few times, many years ago, I associated with those men of the king's fyrd from these parts, when we practiced at weapons and in forming the shieldwall. Last year, at the fyrd training, was the first time since before I married that I have taken up arms and renewed skills so underdeveloped that it could hardly be said that they are "rusty."
The Normans are coming this year, in a few weeks. Or please God, not at all. Though I have been English all of my life, my native blood is not English. And marriage has given my family kinsfolk here and in Normandy. The abbot of these parts is my immediate lord, and he holds for Duke William the bastard. I own a house in Rameslie which rents out to a cottar. My skills as an artificer are seldom needed anymore. There is plenty of time to garden with my wife and we are raising the last of our children. If the Normans come they could view me as a friend because of my lord the abbot. But my neighbors do not for an instant expect me to side with the invaders.
Although you do not in your person have my oath, we both could claim that my loyalty lies with my king because I am a thegn, a lesser man than most of my rank and station, but more well off than many. The fact that I am not a warrior probably means nothing, as men no better trained to arms than I am have already been bearing shield and spear all this summer, watching the Sussex coast for their king and country. A man of my age does not have to do that. So nobody has asked me to. But when or if the Normans do come, and I find my neighbors going to join your army when you come south, I don't know what I will do. To stand apart and take no side does not seem like an option that anyone I know is ready to choose.
My indecision is the reason for this letter. I want you to be acquainted with my family’s background and why I do what I eventually must decide to do, even if that means not fighting for the king of England.
This much I do know. If the Normans behave and do not attack those who do not attack them, I will not strike at them either, for the abbot and my wife's family's sake. And if the abbot's men call me to fight for him in support of the duke of Normandy, I will go because I feel I must. But, if the Norman's threaten life, limb and hearth, not just mine but my neighbors', then I will defend our land with my life's blood.
Signed, Myrddin Larsson of Rameslie, this day 30 August anno domini 1066 (carried to the king of England, Harold Godwinsson, also earl of Wessex, by Richard Myrddinssen)…
Rock Daemon
The condition of my mind can be summed up in the words, World Council of Elders. Not –
Council of World Representatives. Nor –
World Parliament. Nor –
World Senate. Not even –
Council of the New World Order.
No. They had to pick something religious and traditional and go with World Council of Elders.
I guess they liked that because it sounds at once grand, solemn, wise. And for those still under-privileged populations of the earth it sounds tribal as well.
Yet they are anything but wise – filled with deadly and ruthless cunning certainly. But no wisdom. They think to show up all those foolish tyrants of history and do all of them one better. This time the power mongers mean to win.
Well I won’t be around to see it happen. Nor, if I am right and they are wrong, will I be here to see the bloody end of my world as it goes up in flames, probably for the last time.
Hail to the new barbarians! They will be very few in numbers and life will be hellish and brief for many generations to come. I will be safely forgotten long before any of that.
Farewell fools! I tried to wrest a victory for us all but no one would listen.
(The foregoing is a suicide note, written long ago and never acted upon, praise God. I found it only recently among my papers. Why I kept it, now I have no idea, but I am glad I did.
Signed, Nigel Trenton Rusk, and dated 15 October 2075.)
He put the suicide note beside the phone on the night stand and took up the syringe. The fluid was amber and he held it up to the light, eyeing it with critical detachment. He felt no squeamishness at all now that he had made the fatal decision. Nigel put down the device for a moment on the bed beside his thigh while he mechanically rolled up his left sleeve with a wry smile. His face was bitter. The eyes were not touched by that smile but instead bored unseeing through the floor. Before his mind’s eye marched the swift procession of folly that had occupied his life for the last two decades. He had bought heavily into the regime that promised democracy, giving his all and believing until the end that powers assumed “for the common good and safety of all peoples” would be given back to the voice of the people once all things had been stabilized. But the years went by and retributions had had to fall on first this stubborn country or province, or some other hot-spot of discontent. There was never an end to the violence and injustice. Nigel had turned a blind eye to these acts of “unfortunate expediency”; until the axe had fallen on his own misguided people. Their religion, what they had assumed would be their greatest protection, had instead become their greatest guilt. Many, many of them had forsaken their faith to save themselves. Nigel had too much honor to give up on his life of religious service. But he doubted his courage and would not wait for the inevitable arrest: the farce of a trial, the notoriety, the clamor and the inevitable public execution.
Now he picked up the syringe again and slowly moved the needle into position. He paused and held his breath and then felt the tiny point prick the flesh. He moved the needle deeply into his arm. But before he pushed the liquid into his blood stream a voice beside him said:
“Do reconsider, Nigel Trenton Rusk.”
He started at the sound for he had firmly locked the motel room door. Beside him sat a handsome woman dressed in a well-fitted white smock that left her collar bones exposed tastefully. He knew instantly by the quality of her eyes that she was a being of peaceful joy.
“Are you an angel?” he asked anyway.
The woman smiled. “Not quite,” she said enigmatically. And then before he could frame another silly question, she said: “Put down that needle and let me tell you something.”
He removed the hypo, feeling oddly naked.
“Good. You have always been a good man, Nigel: mistaken and firmly in the grip of Mammon, for which lack of faith you have been sorely tried, but always a good man.”
She laid a cool-warm hand on his left arm where he had removed the needle and his blood sang. He did not move a muscle. Her eyes held his and he wished with all his soul that he had had a sister like her.
“Now listen carefully,” she said. “We are going to go and pay a visit to the Council. They are in session right now and things are not proceeding well.”
She stood then and he jumped to his feet, pulling his tie up and donning his jacket. Then he smiled and took off the jacket, rolled down his left sleeve and buttoned it. She waited for him to hold the door.
He pocketed the motel room key and ran a hand through his graying hair. “How do you want to go?” he asked. “I have a rented car.”
“Let us walk. It is only a few miles and the evening is mild. Besides, I have a few things to explain on the way.”
They set out. But he had not gone very far before he stopped and said: “Wait. I seem to have a rock in my shoe.” He sat down on a doorstep and removed his shoe, tapping it and fingering it clear down to the toe. He checked his sock for something there. “Hmm. Nothing.”
He put his shoe back on and they continued walking. The woman spoke:
“I felt sorry enough for you long before now, Nigel, that if it had been my decision I would have visited you already. But these things are timed according to the individual; and I could not come before tonight.”
“I was about to take my own life.”
“Yes. But that was because of the depth of your despair. What I am given to show you now should change your mind.”
“I doubt it. What is your name?” he asked suddenly.
“Norlene.”
“Really? Such a common sounding name for one, so, unusually beautiful.”
“It was my name before, and we keep our names, all of them. And what you see as beauty is really nothing at all with how I look.”
That was certainly true. Nigel could see this objectively as Norlene spoke. Her features were actually physically quite plain. But that was only apparent because of what she had said. Her aura continued to exude a breathlessly wonderful attraction to Nigel.
“I don’t mean to be argumentative,” he said, “but you see, I am really quite weary of living under any circumstances.”
“That is just despair talking, Nigel. I am here to help you begin to heal your faith.”
He had nothing to say to that. They walked on a little ways further and she did not speak at once. He stopped again.
“Drat. I still have that rock in my shoe.”
She waited patiently while he repeated the search for the offending object. He put his shoe back on and they set out once more. The tiny jab at the sole of his foot seemed to shift maddeningly about under first one toe then another; under ball, instep and heel.
He apologized a third time and sat down to inspect his shoe, inside and out, twice over. He removed his sock and searched between his toes. He turned his sock inside out.
“What the devil,” he muttered. “I can’t seem to find anything and yet I have this thing stabbing me in the foot every step I take. Wait a minute, maybe I have a nail coming up through the sole.”
Nigel took out a pocketknife and proceeded to viciously attack the insole of his shoe. Soon the leather was exposed and his shoe ruined.
“Nothing. I might have guessed.”
He put the demolished shoe back on and stamped away in the direction of the World Council Building, now only a few blocks ahead.
Then he stopped and wriggled his toes inside his violated shoe.
“Say, that seems to have done the trick. I mean the rock or whatever it was is gone now. I know the damage to my shoe is all I feel now, a noticeable improvement it is too!”
He took a few steps forward and stopped. A wide-eyed expression of disbelief seized his face.
“Not again!” He sat down plunk in the middle of the sidewalk and tore off his other shoe without undoing the laces. He was beginning to feel angry.
“Do you consider yourself a rational man, Nigel?” Norlene asked.
He glanced up from his probing and realized that he had been so occupied with his shoes and feet that he could not have recalled a single thing she might have been saying as they had walked. In fact, as he thought about it, he could not even remember if she had been talking or not.
He smiled, feeling self-conscious. “I guess I don’t appear very rational at the moment, do I.”
“On the contrary, I understand your frustration. You have every reason for being upset.”
“I just hate it when I get something stuck inside my shoe and I can’t find it right away. And tonight I have been plagued by rocks in both shoes and I can’t find anything in either one!”
“What if you never did find anything, and yet the feeling never went away?”
That seemed a nonsensical thing for a not quite angel to say. Nigel looked up at her and decided the question had purpose after all. There wasn’t the slightest trace of nonsense about Norlene!
“I guess I’d stop wearing shoes,” he said and actually laughed.
“Yes, you would. But they would never dare. Too many enemies are watching them for any sign of weakness or shred of mental incompetence.”
“I do not understand.”
“Come and see.” Norlene smiled and led the way right through the World Council Building front doors. None of the security guards paid Nigel or Norlene the slightest attention. He wondered at this, for security measures here were proverbial. Norlene led the way to a sumptuous balcony that overlooked the Council seats. The two of them sat down to watch and listen.
No members of the Media were present. This was a closed session. It was no mystery why. The World Council of Elders was not behaving very wisely or with their vaunted unity. Polite sarcasm hung heavily in the air as they argued. You could cut the rhetoric with a knife, Nigel thought sourly. He listened with interest. Almost, he forgot that Norlene had brought him here.
She spoke finally, breaking into the hubbub of heated discourse below. Her voice was pitched normally, yet none of the Council seemed aware of their presence overhead.
“By small means are great things brought to pass. These men are all the same. Each has sold out to the great empire of evil to get where they are today. There is not a one who would not ruin his fellow conspirators, if doing so would assure some personal gain. Trust is a virtue unknown to them. They only know fear and wariness. Living this sort of life tends to make one mentally unstable.”
“Oh, indeed,” Nigel agreed bitterly. He was thinking. How many of these men have been instruments in the murder of our people, of my family?
“Nigel, what do you suppose would tip the balance here and bring on their self-destruction?”
He looked sharply at her, beginning now to suspect why he was here.
“Oh, I should imagine chaos might ensue if the iron fist of the Antichrist were suddenly removed, somehow.” He nodded in the direction of the reigning President of the world.
Norlene nodded also. “And would you say he is a rational man?”
“In a diabolical way, yes, I suppose he is.”
“Yes. And like any diabolical, he fears personal attack. He is always prepared to crush the tiniest opposition, lash out and crush the first hint of conspiracy against himself or his rule. But if he cannot find the source he will go mad and attack anyone, hoping to strike down his unseen enemy. His insanity will get him killed and no one is fated to fill the vacuum. The infighting for power will quickly destroy them all. It will be a truly remarkable thing to watch, Nigel. I think that you would enjoy that. But you have to be alive to see it happen.”
Norlene smiled at him and he did not know what to think.
At the same moment, Nigel noticed that the rock in his shoe was gone. He wriggled his toes, seeking for it and failing. He would have said something then, except that Norlene was so absorbed in staring fixedly at the scene below. He followed her gaze. The Antichrist was squirming in his high seat, suppressing some mounting discomfort.
Nigel watched as the greatest tyrant in recorded history bent down surreptitiously and ran a finger around the inside of his shoe…
The Perfect Joke
Robert of Echel, better known since coming to the east and to this Hospitaller commandry of Wyvernscar as Roberto Ecco, sighed with reserved relief. He felt his bowels relax at last and heard the distant patter far below where a few more ounces of his body waste was added to the accumulated muck in the garderobe. His digestion might be off lately, and he definitely had trouble making water these days, but at least there was nothing wrong with his ears. A warrior needed good ears and eyes before cooperative bowels. There wasn’t anything wrong with his eyes either, so he felt no need to complain, all things considered.
Old age. He felt his body steadily succumbing to it like the tightening embrace of a hag wife.
His noticing just now, how he was adding to the years of accumulated sewage, was evidence of his growing morbidity. Time was passing swiftly by and he realized more with each vanished day just what a little fish Robert of Echel was in the vastness of God’s creations. This sort of thinking had not been with him in his youth. If it had, he would never have made most of the stupid choices that had always seemed to pound him spiritually senseless.
He never learned the simple lessons of experience but must repeat mistakes. It was his chief gripe about himself. And after his stint of guard duty was ended, he shared his feelings with the Preceptor, Father Humphrey, during confession.
“Why, Father, must I always do things the hard way? Why can not I ever learn and see the obvious right of a matter? Why must I always fight my way forward through the thickest part of the battle and nearly kill myself before God shows me my error?”
It was late in the day, here at Wyvernscar in the Kingdom of Jerusalem, at the edge of the Christian world in the year 1187. Like the sunset of crimson-tinged pewter that showed through the open casement window, Echel saw his role in life coming steadily to an end – and the rapidity of that impending demise panicked him. He was not ready for judgment.
The Father Preceptor would have reached up and patted Brother Ecco on the back. He felt that companionable attraction for almost all men under his command. But he knew that the older knight always stiffened whenever another person touched him. Ecco needed space and Father Humphrey respected that and stood close beside him in the casement but not near enough to rub sleeves.
“See, Father, how the sunlight dies away. While you watch it the change is slow enough to try my patience. But if I let myself be distracted for a moment and look back again the light will be dimmed and color will have bled away while I was unaware. This is how my life is, like watching a day die.”
Father Humphrey was a good confessor. He knew that most of the time nothing he could say would truly make any significant difference in the way men lived around him. So he merely nodded wordlessly beside the tall, spare-framed warrior of Christ, watching the day do just what Ecco had described.
The stooping knight sighed and stood straighter, running a scarred and calloused hand through his thinning hair. Turning away from the window he faced his commander, looking down at the younger man from his considerable height.
“It’s like this,” said Ecco, “I came to this place to get away. My life was a wasteland. I have done nothing good with it, though I have always felt like I tried, or wanted to try at any rate. My flesh is weak. My anger is like a wild animal inside of me that refuses discipline. When I lived outside the Order, if a man stepped in my way and would not move when I warned him aside I would make him move. I have blood on these hands and not justified.” He raised them in two blocky fists before Father Humphrey’s face. His dark eyes looked back at Ecco mildly over the trembling, whitened knuckles. 
The troubled man lowered his hands and turned back to the sunset. There was a long moment of silence then he said:
“My soul is sick and I have come here and been here now for over a year and I do not have many years left, perhaps none left, who but God knows. And I have found no answers but I have found a little peace. So I will stay until I die and serve God in the only way I know. I am through with money and women and fighting for myself. My sword is Christ’s even if he does not want or need it very much.”
“I cannot speak for Christ,” said Father Humphrey. “I too am a sinful man. What man is not? But Brother, we need your sword. For what it is worth to you to hear it, I see before me a good man and a good friend.”
Roberto Ecco blew out his cheeks and glanced briefly at his confessor. He accepted the truth of what he had said, but it did not change his opinion of himself.
“I just wish I knew the answer, Father. If God wants me back and he wants me to do well why then does he let me blunder around so? I want to know how to do things right the first time for a change. Why then does God not show me the way, at least a little?”
The Father Preceptor shrugged. “You are asking questions no man can answer. How can we judge God? For myself, I would answer your deep question with a simple one. Roberto Ecco is your life at an end? The answer is obvious since you are standing here before me very much alive. God in his infinite understanding of all men knows the end of your life from the beginning. Trust that your desire to do well is what matters most. God will adjust the balance of your life through the grace of his Holy Son. And all things will work for your good.”
Perhaps it was the lingering memory of Father Humphrey’s words as he fell asleep that night, but Robert of Echel, far away from his homeland in Wales and adrift in the turbulent sea of life, had a dream. This was remarkable for he did not dream that he had knowledge of, at least nothing that lasted in his waking mind for more than a few heartbeats before vanishing like dust eddies from a morning sunbeam. And the substance was always the confusion of old battles and whoredoms which he wanted to forget anyway.
But this dream was not one of those. It came from no part of his past or imagination. He saw himself in a light-filled place with no horizons and no sensation of standing on any hard surface. His feet were lost in a gently moving mist. As he looked curiously about, wondering what this place was and what his being here could mean, he heard a delicate sound above his head. Looking upward he saw a scroll of gleaming parchment unrolling just above him in the air. It rested, open then, just in front of his eyes. There was writing on the parchment but not a lot.
I cannot read, he thought for a confused moment. But then he realized with pleasure that in fact he could. The writing on the scroll said:
Here mortal son of mine is the perfect joke. Read it and enjoy.
He dropped his eyes to the three short lines that followed and read them. He was laughing before he even finished. He could not stop himself. Robert of Echel laughed! He did not recall ever feeling such a swelling of pure mirth in his long life. Tears streamed down his face into his beard. His arms folded across his stomach and he howled with laughter. He gasped for air and began to wonder when this laughter would subside. But the perfect joke held him like an enormous goad on his funny bone. He could not stop. As his sight dimmed away and his laughter became in his own ears as the sound of someone else’s humor it continued to shake him unabated: Robert of Echel began to suspect that reading the perfect joke would kill him.
When he awoke he could still feel the giggles as they subsided. He sat up on the pallet and it was day outside. He chuckled and got up immediately and dressed. As he rinsed his hands and splashed his face he paused and still gazed at nothing. Inwardly he strove to capture what had been so funny. He recalled the dream place clearly, and the reading. But he could not remember the perfect joke. Recollecting how helpless he had become, and how the laughing had begun to seem like the end of him, he was relieved that he could not remember it and yet he wanted to.
Whistling to himself he left his chamber (a small niche in one of the outer curtain towers, its only light an arrow slit) and descended the twisting stairs two at a time to the bailey yard. He crossed to the keep and its great hall where the other Brother Knights of the garrison of Wyvernscar were already sitting down to breakfast.
“Why the vast humor this morning, Brother Roberto?” asked a knight at his left.
Ecco had not been aware that he was looking all around at the long tables of breakfasting knights with a broad smile on his face, and that he was occasionally chuckling around his bread and stew.
He told those sitting nearby about his dream. They seemed disappointed that he could not remember anything about the perfect joke. But so infectious was his mirth that they laughed with him anyway.
Breakfast was not done with, when suddenly a desperate and dusty rider burst into the great hall.
“I have evil news! The Saracens are in the neighborhood of Nazareth. I have just come from the Templars at Qaqun and Faba. Both grand masters are already at LaForbie. All are mustered and riding out. Make haste. There is no time to lose!”
Father Humphrey ordered the garrison armed and mounted at once. Within a few minutes the great hall was devoid of inhabitants. Bowls of stew and bread scraps lay on the abandoned tables. Behind them the garrison left the gates standing wide.
Roberto Ecco rode his destrier just behind the Preceptor and the snapping black banner with its eight-point cross of white. A column of several dozen confratre knights followed the score of Knights Hospitaller that made up Wyvernscar’s permanent garrison. Remembering how, until recently, he had been a confratre himself, Ecco found laughter bubbling inside of him again. As he rode he thought to himself. The perfect joke! What could be more simple than a joke? I see now what I did not see before. It is all so clear and simple. It’s taken me all these years to understand. God cannot just open my head or my heart and fill them with what I want. Or rather, he can but he will not because that would kill me. I have been learning my whole life. That is why I am here, riding with these worthy comrades, a full Brother in holy orders now and not just a confratre. I know that I had to prove myself first, not just ride up to the gates and expect to be made a Hospitaller. Only after taking the steps and making the sacrifices could that happen. I expected to do all of that first. Everything comes in steps. If God gave it all at once I would not understand. It would kill me. I cannot even grasp the perfect joke! I ought to feel discouraged by that, instead I feel young. Someday I will remember it, when I am ready. My life feels as if it is starting over again. Amazing!
He laughed aloud. The knights riding nearby smiled, taking his laughter as battle lust.
Roberto and his companions in arms joined their small reinforcement to the larger gathering of troops mustered under the banners of the two grand masters. The muster was in an abandoned village. Horses and footmen clogged the narrow streets. Dust rose everywhere for it was mid spring now and becoming dry and hot.
He could see Father Humphrey and the other commanders sitting their horses in a knot together. The two grand masters of the Temple and Hospital were discussing what to do. Ecco could not hear them above the hubbub of restive horses and excited troopers.
 But soon enough it was obvious that the small army of less than two hundred mounted knights and several hundred mercenary foot was going to march on Nazareth. Rejoining his men, the Preceptor informed them that the reports on the size of the infidel horde were imprecise. But their strength was unimportant anyway. Hospitallers had a duty to kill and drive out of Christian territory any raiders of Mahound.
From what Father Humphrey did not say it was evident that the Saracens at Nazareth outnumbered the Christian army many times over.
Scouts led the army to a ridge that lay behind Nazareth: they said that the Saracens were watering their horses at the Springs of Cresson in the valley on the other side. The leaders went up there to look at the Saracens while the horse and foot waited below. From where he sat his horse, Ecco could see the two grand masters arguing. Clearly they were in disagreement now as to what should be done next.
Shortly, Father Humphrey received his orders and returned to his squadron.
“Well, Brothers,” he said with a grim smile on his dusty face streaked with runnels of sweat. “Prepare yourselves for a stiff fight. Our worthy Grand Master Roger has been accused of cowardice by Grand Master Gerard of the Temple. We are all now honor-bound to follow him into battle. No Templar can call a Hospitaller craven.”
Quickly every man laced up his mail aventail over his lower face and donned his helmet. Left arms were run through shield straps. Lances of ash were held vertically, black pennons swaying sluggishly in the warming air.
Then they were following the banners of both Orders up the slope to the ridge above. Through the eye slits of his great helm Roberto Ecco saw the red cross and the white fluttering over the horizon. Then he was cresting the ridge top himself. Below them was a shallow valley filled with thousands of mounted infidels. The enemy warriors saw the Christians coming down the hill and rode in clouds of dust to meet them. The din of their churning masses was as familiar to Ecco as it was indescribable. He knew that ululating “Allahu Akbar!” as well as he knew the hymns and prayers of the warrior monk’s daily worship.
Ecco’s laughter boomed like thunder inside his great helm, like the laughter of God. What he was doing right now was part of understanding the perfect joke. All of them, even the infidels, were participating in it today.
As he followed the white eight-point-cross down the hill he lowered his lance toward the unavoidable doom of the enemy. Behind him came the tiny Crusader army, up and over the ridge to its fate.
Just before his warhorse carried him to bury him deep within the Muslim horde he remembered the perfect joke. He hardly felt the blows that finally released him to enjoy it…
State of Grace Three
“Of course each black hole has a name. But as emperor of the universe I am not conversant with such esoteric lore, nor is there any reasonable argument why I should be.
“My personal knowledge focuses, naturally, on ruling the still practically numberless galaxies that yet remain – that have not so far vanished from our purview due to acceleration beyond the speed of light. The universe is dying and I must know why. To that end I have put my entire fleet to work to discover The Home World.
“Most of my people think that The Home World is merely a myth. But I am certain it exists and that it is being withheld from me by malicious rebels inhabiting it. I’ve been dealing with rebellion my entire reign, and my Father before me, and his father before that. It is part of what emperors do. You could say that quashing uprisings and rebellions goes with the job. It isn’t my favorite bit about being emperor of the universe. But severe disruption must be met by severe measures. Somebody has to do it and I don’t like giving such disagreeable duties to underlings. Sometimes I must delegate disciplinary expedients to others, because I can’t be in more than one place at the same time. But usually I take care of these tasks myself, no matter how reluctantly.
“Regardless, I am sure that The Home World exists and possesses the knowledge and technology to prevent the universe from vanishing away. According to ancient lore, there was a time billions of years ago when the galaxies were moving much slower than today. But the outward speed has been increasing exponentially. We are all racing toward an unknown doom. And the best calculations tell us that within another twelve thousand years everything moving at the present speed will have vanished beyond the Dark edge. The universe will have become so small that only a few billion minor galaxies will remain – the youngest and last to form when the universe began over 16 billion years ago. And they too will face the same doom as their speed toward the approaching Dark edge increases.
“Of course none of this matters at all to those who die. Their paltry lives are not even long enough to notice the snuffing out of a candle of the gods. But to we immortal gods who rule the universe it matters a great deal. And to me their emperor it matters infinitely more.
“I am on my flagship seeking any clues of The Home World. My fleet admirals report to me every day. Their captains are scanning and mapping constantly. This has been the main work of the fleet for over two thousand years. Other than the diversions required to put down rebellions it is the only work I will allow my ships and crews to engage in. We are running out of time.
“My ship is less than a day from the twin black holes that I have renamed Ricardus. The twins had official names that were much longer and difficult to pronounce. But I have renamed them because of the reason for my going there. I have a son who bears that name.
“As a child of four years he did a spontaneous watercolor of swirling green latticed fans (rather like the membranes of butterfly wings) laced with blue, intertwined with red serpent-like coils dotted also with blue. He used a lot of water on parts of it and none at all on other areas. Spots of reddish and bluish liquid he threw all around inside and outside of the whole. The effect, as you can see, is rather chaotic and nebulously violent. Off-centered in the midst of the warring green fans and red serpents and their flying gore, he had furiously scoured twin black spots as if he was trying to obliterate something that only he could see. In the middle of one of the black spots he broke through the paper (and totally destroyed the paint brush, I remember that). When I mounted the painting on a white backboard, the effect reminded me of twin voids but one had a white chip of light in the center of it. I always considered the painting as an example of spontaneous expression such as adult artists aspire to and seldom or never reach. Certain it is that Ricardus never painted another like it and never aspired to art in his adulthood. (He rules well in his domain and is a worthy and obedient son, fulfilling all my commands with exactness.)
“The twin black holes of the Ricardus system – when viewed from the direction by which we are now approaching – exactly match my son’s childhood painting. Swirling nebulae of blackish red, green and blue surround the black holes.  Naturally, this metaphysical phenomenon means something to me personally. God is calling me to this place: and for what possible reason other than to open The Home World to me so that I can save my people.
“By this enigmatic revelation of my son’s painting, only recently discovered as an actual place within my realm, I believe that God is showing me the location of The Home World. With this approbation of the Prime Mover, I can proceed to eradicate the rebellion, by proving that my wisdom is the truth. When God supports my cause, what further proof does anyone require of the justice of my rule?”
The emperor put aside his journal and walked to the enormous viewing deck that abutted his private quarters. Stars and galaxies swept by as rivers of light. He knew that soon the ship’s captain would call him to announce the drop from hyperspace. While he awaited that moment the emperor stood like one mesmerized within the viewing deck, the play of racing lights bathing his white robe and perfectly formed, hairless head with scintillating, almost infinite hues. His bare feet were spread wide, his arms behind his back, the left hand gripping the right wrist above a clenched fist. The stony planes of his face never moved. Wide ebon eyes stored the flowing lights of hyperspace and gave nothing back.
He was the supreme ruler of the universe, the scion of an imperial family countless millennia old. Lost in myth lay a time when their forefathers had been mortal human beings – like the scattering of humanity that spread across the myriad billions of remaining galaxies. His ancestors had quested throughout the universe for answers to existence. But in the search for “God” they had instead found immortality through perfected regeneration: and they were the only gods their race knew. Despite the immortal gods’ capability to traverse their realm (even at its fullest extent) from Dark edge to Dark edge in mere months, nothing about any hypothetical Prime Mover or Cause had ever been discovered.
The emperor knew himself to be almost alone in his continued belief in a Prime Mover. Billions of years of searching had revealed the universe to be evidently solitary. Black holes were accepted as leaks in the universe through which relatively minute amounts of matter vanished, like moisture evaporating. But elsewhere matter materialized randomly to eventually form new galaxies. So matter appeared to recycle itself. The dual phenomenon was observed yet remained mysterious. No amount of probing black holes and the Dark edge had ever returned any information. Everything sent across vanished forever.
The immortal gods possessed all knowledge regarding the formation of galaxies from raw matter once it arrived in the universe. They knew down to the sub atomic level everything there was to know about evolution. They witnessed the beginning of life, of complexity arising out of simplicity. They husbanded that life, promoting the evolutionary process and nurturing even as they observed it. All mortal, sapient life in the universe looked upon them as “the gods” and they were worshipped everywhere.
But even the immortal gods did not know how matter recycled. Or why it was that they were trapped here in the universe. They saw only annihilation of anyone trying to pass beyond the Dark edge or down a black hole. The infinite existence of matter was an eternal mystery.
And one other mystery remained. What is death? The gods could embrace death simply enough by annihilating the brain. No proof of an absolute soul or spirit had ever been found. All existing thoughts were biological and ceased with the termination of the brain. But what happened to those who departed from the Dark edge or through a black hole? Did they also cease to be?
It was accepted that matter was eternal and manifested in the universe even as it vanished away through black holes, or where the Dark edge took entire galactic systems that reached it beyond the realm of light and space-time – beyond existence. All of this would have presented no problem where the continuing universe was considered – except that for billions of years now the speed of everything had been increasing steadily, exponentially, until the balance was gone. The matter manifesting randomly in the universe had not, for a long time now, been adequate to replenish the lost and threatened stellar systems. The universe was bleeding to death.
The future universe a mere twelve thousand years out was projected to be much smaller and largely devoid of light – only a few billion galaxies forming at a time (with the matter manifesting from outside), and all racing at increasing speed toward the encroaching Dark edge and oblivion. It was feared that the observed process would result eventually in the manifesting raw matter not having enough time to even form into galaxies before being sucked out of existence, at which point the universe would be effectively dead.
Where all the matter went that had once been part of the universe nobody could say, or even if the matter lost in black holes or beyond the Dark edge went to the same place, or why the imbalance dooming the universe to a mere shadow of itself was occurring at all.
The immortal gods dreaded their future not unlike a race of sapient insects aware that their closed environment was shrinking and nothing could be done about it. The pursuit of all knowledge had not led to enlightenment, but instead to this prison with narrowing edges of Dark oblivion.
It was an insane existence. But the emperor’s proposed solution seemed irrational even to the insane, immortal gods – to chase down a myth and find The Home World. He was convinced of its reality and of its deliberate concealment. That capability seemed like evidence proving a theoretical technology which they had pursued for generations: how to use the energy near black holes to slip out of phase and stop time. If it was a fact that The Home World existed out of phase, then that technology could be applied to other systems to save them from vanishing into the Dark.
So committed to his belief was he that the emperor countenanced no resistance. He permitted argument, discussion, debate, but not the slightest hint of disobedience.  When he commanded the debate was over.
In his course entire galactic systems had been annihilated where revolution had grown. With unflagging scrutiny the emperor had kept his fleet in line. His admirals reported continuously. Any failure to report was investigated immediately, and if disobedience was shown to his satisfaction the emperor had that admiral executed, his force of officers decimated. And if that tonic did not seem sufficient, entire squadrons of the imperial fleet had been exterminated.
As the increasing panic of impending annihilation had gripped the immortal gods so too had their desperation to escape this madman emperor who sought, so it was whispered, to discover the hiding place of the Prime Mover and compel IT to obey his will. The emperor believed, so the rumor among the immortal gods went, that he might even be the Prime Mover itself, manifesting mysteriously inside the universe. He was living proof that the Prime Mover existed both inside as well as outside of space-time. The emperor believed that by going into his own creation he had lost his memory. And that this was responsible for the universe going out of balance and starting to die.
Nothing about any of this was rational, least of all to the emperor himself. Yet the rumor was true in one sense. He did believe that if the Prime Mover could be found and “awakened”, that the universe could still be saved.
And the key to finding the Prime Mover was to find The Home World. But if after finding it he discovered that those living there were either consenting to the death of the rest of the universe, or actively working against the empire (and against their lawful emperor), he would punish them as seemed just.
Aware of the dissent and desperation seething all around his person, the emperor had naturally taken steps to assure his survival. Foremost was that he never left his ship except for the most pressing need. His vessel was crewed only by the most trustworthy and devoted of his subjects and kinsfolk. And he kept himself constantly on the move without establishing an itinerary. None of his subjects could know where he was at a given moment or where he might suddenly appear. And not even those aboard his ship knew from one hour to the next where they might find themselves.
That is how it had been done for thousands of years. But now in his zeal the emperor had miscalculated. With the discovery – and the emperor’s announcement – of the Ricardus system and his metaphysical linking of it with his son’s childhood watercolor picture, the emperor had given his enemies positive information about not only his destination, but also his time of arrival.
So it should have been no surprise to a man less preoccupied with his destiny, to discover upon leaving hyperspace that a sizeable portion of the imperial fleet was already arrayed before the Ricardus system.
But the emperor, standing inside the viewing deck, was surprised. And for a fatally long moment he stood there looking at the ships scattered outside the window as far as his eyes could see.
Then the first missiles of energy streaked into his vessel from every direction as the fleet in ambush fired upon him.
Alarms sounded all over the imperial flagship. The captain didn’t even wait for commands but instigated instant defensive operations. Energy from the shields was tapped to facilitate the emergency transition back into hyperspace. But that meant that the flagship took severe damage in getting away. It was an expedient maneuver – however much of a gamble also – because if they had not been able to make the jump almost immediately they would have been just as quickly divested of their shields and utterly destroyed by the volleys of missiles impacting all over the flagship’s sleek body.
Once free of the ambush, the emperor contacted each of his admirals personally. The tally of rebellious vessels and their commanders was daunting, the worst treachery so far. Fully forty percent of the imperial fleet was moving to join with the ships that had ambushed their emperor at the Ricardus system.
The civil war went on for thousands of years, slowly grinding the immortal gods into extinction, even as the universe continued to race ever more swiftly to its death over the Dark edge.
Never at any time could the emperor regain the Ricardus system. It remained in the hands of the rebels and became the physical focus of the war, with the emperor trying to retake it and the rebellion defending it.
Everywhere in the universe, mortals witnessed signs in the heavens of the immolation of the gods. Whole swathes of the night skies vanished from sight as galaxies were vaporized in the protracted struggle and the millennia passed.
At length there was a final battle. All of the remaining fleet on both sides was gathered near the Ricardus system and in a paroxysm of suicidal valor those last thousands of ships gutted and immolated and vaporized each other – until only the emperor’s ship remained, hyper drive cells damaged and shields depleted, pursued by six equally ravaged rebel vessels.
As the last of his enemy’s energy weapons sought the vitals of the imperial flagship, the emperor commanded his captain to strike for the right hand black hole. The battle weary crew looked at him understandingly, each man and woman committed to go where he willed: even this, into oblivion.
The pursuing ships soon ceased to fire on the emperor. The rebels could see for themselves that he was making straight for one of the Ricardus black holes. The pursuers fanned out, covering any possible last minute escape. But they need not have bothered. Without variance the flagship limped at less than half light-speed toward its destination. As it drew nearer the black hole’s energy sucked it in faster.
An odd thing happened that everyone watching on board the six rebel ships saw. As the flagship came even with the lip of the black hole a piercing light appeared far down in the midst of it. This was unprecedented. In fact it was supposed to be impossible. Nothing had ever been seen or detected inside black holes.
Then in an instant the emperor and his ship were gone and the piercing light winked out. If the pursuing ships had not recorded the phenomenon for all to see again and again no one would have believed their own eyes.
He saw The Home World, exactly as if he had always seen it accurately in visions. There spread before him was the biggest singular solar system he had ever imagined, wider than a galaxy. So absorbed by the sight he was, that he didn’t even notice for a long time that he was not viewing from a deck. He wasn’t inside his ship at all. And he was completely alone, moving through the Void toward The Home World at a moderate rate which would bring him to the outer planets within minutes.
When he looked down at his naked body everything returned to his mind in an instant. And with that recollection, he awoke.
Here was the bed beneath the canopy of perennial leafed bows. The latticework walls let in a faint, living breeze. I sat up and stared for a long penetrating moment through the smooth joined-wood floor.
Then I got up and went outside, looking for First One. In a moment he was there, coming through the grove of wide-reaching trees, smiling enigmatically as always.
“Back again,” First One said. He stopped in front of me.
“Yes,” I said and started to walk away from the cottage. First One walked beside me, waiting for me to speak. I framed the words carefully in my mind before saying them.
“How can I experience anything more? I’ve just come back from being the emperor of the universe. I lived this time as an immortal for thousands upon thousands of years. I was the god of all the gods there. She still wasn’t there. Where is she?”
“The answer is the same,” First One said patiently.
“I am done with waiting. I am done with providing evil. I am really done forever with forgetting everything each time so that you can use me as the devil.”
“I understand,” he said and smiled without looking at me. “You have been one of the best. What will we do without you?”
“The Other Siblings volunteer to provide opposition. I am hardly the only one good at it.”
We walked out of the trees and onto the open sea of grass. Grazing herds of herbivores were plentiful. I had seen all of this and the mountains in the distance countless times. I was done with it unless she came back to me.
“So what will you do now?” First One said. “You do not seem to want to be involved in the teaching anymore.”
I told him that without her I would never enjoy The Home World enough to want to stay. I was weary of dreaming mortality. There was nothing there that I had not already done, or been. This last, prolonged mortality had even shown me an entire universe dying away. There was nothing more to see.
That’s when I quit trying to exist and went out to the Void as far as I could and did my best to shut down…
SOMETHING ABOUT YOU
The sky over the mountains to the east was lighting up. The full moon had already set behind the mountains behind them, and during the night a layer of high clouds had materialized, masking the stars. There was barely enough gloam for the two men to pick each other out against the blackness of the trees.
Dr. Steven Sternheisel was wired from the night-long exposure to Gilford Clover and his parade of stories. It was obvious that his patient was suffering, but from what remained to be determined.
Below them shimmered the pre dawn lights of Heber City. Despite the evident threat to his very life, the analyst had many times felt himself drifting out of consciousness. The almost absolute darkness had cloaked his weariness and his battle to concentrate on the context of what Clover was saying. For the umpteenth time Sternheisel stood up and worked circulation back into his numbed butt and legs. The chilly early morning air was dead calm where they were. He sat down again with an inaudible groan.
Clover’s voice ceased and there was a lengthening moment of silence except for the faintest of breezes whispering in the trees above where they sat on the rocks. Sternheisel snapped alert at the change, at the sudden silence to his right.
“I’ve kept you long enough,” said Clover abruptly. He got up stiffly and stretched, then moved toward the RX8’s dim pale grey shape.
An urge to laugh bubbled dangerously inside the analyst. He waited on his rock, watching Clover stand by the open passenger door.
“Are you coming?” Clover called to the dark.
“Aren’t you forgetting something?” Sternheisel called back. His voice was gravelly with weariness and irritation.
“I don’t think so,” said Clover.
“You don’t have anything to ask me? Don’t you want to know my opinion about your tales and what they mean about you?”
“I’m a patient man. I can wait.”
“Well, I can’t. Let’s have an end to this now. What’s to stop me from having you arrested?”
“You won’t.”
“Why the hell not?”
“Because you want to see what happens next.”
“If you’re in jail I already know what happens next.”
“You aren’t thinking clearly,” said Clover: “my fault for keeping you up so late. Let me explain it to you. I go home, you go home, we sleep on it. I visit you in a couple of days after you’ve had a while to digest this fascinating evening’s revelations. Then and only then you tell me what you think. I wouldn’t want to take unfair advantage of you, and that would be counter to my intentions anyway. If you bring charges against me, I deny everything and you look like a complete nutcase.”
He’d get away with it too, the analyst decided. Depressed he is, and temporarily suspended, and nobody but me knows he’s insane enough to do what happened tonight. He has no history of instability. If our stories are compared, my version is the one that’s going to come up short.
Sternheisel got in the car wordlessly and they started down the mountain.
After the long night of hearing the drone of Clover’s voice, the silence from the passenger seat was the cap on a surreal memory. The wind smacking the inside of the RX8 whistled all around Sternheisel’s head but did nothing to relieve the wall of silence. The analyst had no idea what to say or if he should even try.
Before he could reach Clover’s house, the suspended policeman said: “Pull over here. I’ll walk the rest of the way.”
The analyst obeyed. Clover got out and shut the door, leaning down to look through the open window. “Get some sleep. I’ll be in touch. Do your best to remember everything I’ve said. There’ll be a test and you only get one chance to pass.”
Clover stood upright and watched with detached amusement as the RX8 drove away.
ONE
Gilford Clover slept through that afternoon then got some breakfast at a Denny’s where he and his friends had once hung out together, when they were all alive. Then he went back home and fell asleep in front of a DVD. Sometime during the night he had moved himself to his bed because that’s where he woke up at just past seven the next morning.
The day loomed long ahead of him. He pondered briefly if he should maybe go visit Doc Sternheisel, but decided it should wait at least one more day. So, what to do?
The house seemed more empty than usual which was not good. After knocking about from room to room puttering at nothing consequential he went over to the computer and got on the Net. But it was even more stale and insipid than ever. He happened across a news update about a child molester being sent to prison for 25 to life and dimly recalled the breaking story of the past several months. He had picked up the details more unconsciously than by paying any attention – Clover didn’t like following the News either. The story was remotely satisfying because the creep was patently guilty of a series of predatory hits on pubescent and prepubescent girls.
But the significant thing about the story was how it recalled to his memory that he had been remiss in visiting his friend Gregory Kline at the Pen.
Greg was a middle-aged bachelor whose sister-in-law had accused him of molesting her oldest daughter while babysitting her and her siblings. The girl had concurred, as by doing so she finally had her mother’s full and undivided attention. The mother was a nutjob of the first order, being a molested child herself and seeing evil in men everywhere. Greg had been babysitting her children over the years because the woman couldn’t cope with even one child, and she kept having more, which meant the older ones got neglected as their mother concentrated solely on the new baby. So when Greg was accused it came as a bolt out of the void. He panicked and followed his appointed attorney’s advice to plead guilty, or else the judge would put him away for the maximum possible sentence. Clover knew the judge, a crusading woman for child protection who assumed all men in her court were guilty of something or else they wouldn’t be there in the first place. He could understand why Greg had pleaded guilty but it had been foolish, because his sister-in-law had controlled the evidence, even not letting Greg’s brother testify, or else she would divorce him. He knuckled under his dreadful wife’s control, and Greg had been sent away for five years instead of his attorney’s promised, “less than a year, tops, if you cooperate.” Appealing the sentence had so far achieved nothing. Greg was well into his fourth year at the Pen and Clover tried to visit him at least monthly. But lately he had let that slip. And now, reading the News story, he felt bad about that. So he decided that he could do no better with a chunk of his pointless day than to go and see Greg this afternoon. Fortunately his friend’s visiting schedule included today so that worked out.
Clover drove up to the State Penitentiary and checked himself in. There were three other visitors that afternoon and he had seen them before. They nodded to each other and remained silent as usual.
Greg looked poorly. He was still putting on weight from the badly balanced prison food and having nothing else as satisfying to do as eat. Where he had before been a short, skinny man now he was shaped like a keg of beer and his face was fattened around the jowls. But Greg’s disillusioned eyes could still smile. He sat down opposite Clover and they talked disjointedly about Greg’s latest efforts to secure a different attorney.
“I’m prepared to fight that judge’s verdict,” he said. “She never admitted the medical records as evidence, you know that.”
Clover nodded and smiled sympathetically. He’d heard this before but that didn’t matter. Greg had to talk all the details out again.
“There couldn’t be anything in the medical examination of my niece that showed rape or sexual abuse, because there isn’t anything to show. Not from me anyway. And without the medical evidence of sexual abuse the worst that I could have been sent up for would have been lewd conduct or something equally less serious. I’ve served enough time and more for that! So when I get a retrial my sister-in-law is going to finally look like the conniver that she is. And then I can get my record expunged.”
Clover said the usual encouraging things, but silently he had doubts that Greg would ever get his retrial once he got out. The family dynamics would probably prohibit such an attack on a member and the ramifications of that fallout would most likely make Greg back off and live with his infamy in silence. Clover wasn’t one hundred percent sure that Greg was entirely guiltless, but he was willing to allow him the benefit of any doubt. He’d known Greg since he was born, and watching him grow up, always active in the church, serving a full-time mission with honor, and withal, never indicating a single shade of improper thoughts or feelings toward children, made his fate seem unwarranted. Greg’s character was highly regarded by the Pen denizens too. And that was what really convinced Clover that he could truly be innocent. The toughest persecution in prison always fell on child molesters, yet Greg was protected by the guards and worst cons alike. Each new prisoner who found out what Greg was in for had to learn for himself that Greg was not the one at the bottom of the pecking order, but rather was genuinely believed to have gotten a bum rap.
While they talked, Clover saw a man emerge from one of the conference cells – evidently an attorney or shrink advising with a client. But something oddly familiar about the man’s appearance instantly arrested Clover’s attention. Greg was too preoccupied to notice that Clover wasn’t listening with his usual concentration. As the man walked through the communal visiting room, he cast his eyes over the thinly occupied tables and chairs, and his eyes locked for a brief instant with Clover’s. He smiled slightly and dipped his head in greeting as he walked out. This deepened Clover’s nagging memory. He was sure that the man was not someone he had seen before at the Pen.
A few minutes later the hour was up and Greg took Clover’s hand in a limp handshake of farewell. Clover watched him shuffle through the door and stood waiting as usual for Greg to turn at the end of the hall and wave goodbye through the window. Then Clover left the visiting room with the other three visitors and they were all passed out through the triple doors.
TWO
As Clover oriented through the parking lot toward his car, he saw the familiar-looking man move away from the car he had been leaning against and approach him grinning. The man held out his hand.
“Hi Gil, it’s sure been a long time.” Clover took the hand in a firm clasp. It was a cool hand and very dry. The grip was strong but not overbearing. He must have been frowning still, because the man chuckled and said without offense: “You don’t remember me. That’s okay. The name’s Keith, Keith Vandenburg.”
Clover was dumbfounded. He almost blurted out, “Shnoz?” But he stopped himself just in time.
“Hey, yeah, Keith,” he said and felt the words lamely. “Wow, high school, so it’s been, what, almost 45 years?”
“That’s right.” Keith smiled with pleasure, and Clover’s sense of regret deepened. He realized that he had never in all these many years ever recalled Shnoz with any feeling stronger than a mild curiosity, wondering if he had made anything useful out of his handicapped start on life – that and the memory of how Keith had considered Gilford Clover his “best friend” at school. Clover had never treated Keith Vandenburg with anything warmer than indifference, and the persecuted epileptic boy had taken that for warmth and respect! All of this rushed over Clover as they released the handshake and he felt ashamed.
Keith smiled up at him, but he wasn’t nearly as short in stature as Clover remembered him. He must have continued to put on inches after graduation. His body was well-muscled like before, but now he seemed to carry himself with ease and comfort. Furthermore, Keith’s face was clear and almost unlined, except for the smile lines around his eyes and the corners of his Cupid’s bow mouth. Where his nose had looked over-sized and bulbous in high school (often with large zits making it look even bigger), now his face had filled out until his nose looked nicely balanced beneath the mild, merry blue eyes. Keith’s face had just needed maturing to turn him into a very pleasant and happy looking man.
Clover was struck by the impression that Keith Vandenburg was, almost, angelic to stand close to. His confusion deepened.
“I sure am gladdened to see you, Gil,” Keith said. “You look well. Life seems to agree with you.”
How can you respond to that? Gilford Clover thought, and internally he fought a three-way battle. Part of him wanted to escape this formidable pleasance because it confused him. Another part of him wanted to respond and forget the past and think of Keith Vandenburg as the “best friend” that he had offered himself to be so long ago. And the third part wanted to act brusque and continue the charade. That he didn’t remember this man, not really. He was only being polite to stand here and exchange a “hello how are you?” and then part again forever. So alienated had he become to mingling with his fellow creatures, especially since Karen’s vanishing away, that he almost opted for the latter course. But before he could frame the words to effect disengagement, Keith seized the initiative and made up Clover’s mind for him.
“Say, Gil, if you’re not busy right now, I am through for the day and was about to get my supper. Would you join me? I have a lot to say that I think you would find rewarding to hear.”
“Ah,” Clover floundered.
“I’ll buy,” said Keith, “and you pick the restaurant.”
“What do we have to talk about after all these years,” Clover asked, feeling as lame as he ever had in his life.
“Anything, everything, believe it,” Keith said warmly. If he had clapped his hand on Clover’s shoulder it would have been too much and he would have managed to refuse. But oddly, though he expected that, instead Keith actually took a step back and established some physical space between them.
“I don’t have anything pressing to attend to,” said Clover quietly, and let his gaze wander out over the Valley. I-15 freeway traffic sighed behind and above him like an endless river.
“Excellent! Now, where should we drive to?”
“Oh, I don’t know. There’s a Denny’s at 106th South.”
“I know the place. I eat there quite a lot when I leave the prison on my way home.”
“So, what do you do here, then?” Clover asked.
“Let’s talk about that and the rest over supper, alright?”
“Okay. I’ll follow you,” said Clover.
Keith returned to his car and Clover got in his and drove out of the Pen parking lot behind him. A few minutes later both men were exiting their cars in the restaurant parking lot and smiled at each other as they crossed to the entrance.
“Two, please,” Keith said to the girl at the counter. “And could you make it that booth over there in the corner? We want some privacy.”
“Sure, Doctor Vandenburg,” the girl smiled pleasantly, and led the way to a part of the restaurant removed from where the other customers were already seated. Clover noticed throughout the evening that the staff deliberately seated other customers elsewhere, thus leaving Keith and him out of earshot of the rest.
“So you are a known bigwig here, Keith,” said Clover with a smile. “And Doctor Vandenburg, hey, you have been busy. Tell me what you do at the prison.”
“I am a counselor there. I’ve been going and helping rehabilitate convicts now for nearly fifteen years.”
Clover felt something like a prejudice starting when he heard that. As a cop, one thing he firmly accepted is that a vast amount of money was wasted on rehabilitation of the prison population. He couldn’t help saying:
“Rehab, huh. I bet that’s not very rewarding.” He sipped his drink.
“Actually, it is very rewarding, Gil. You see, I am very, very, very good at what I do.”
Keith’s assurance was so unlike the high school memory of the epileptic Shnoz that Clover just gaped. He remembered something else. Shnoz had wanted more than anything to get his driver’s license, but had failed time and again because he couldn’t go six months without a seizure. Yet here Keith was, driving his own car. Things had happened, good things, and Clover was curious now.
“So, Keith, what about the seizures you had back then? I thought epilepsy was incurable.”
“Yeah, it mostly is, still. You wonder why I can drive.”
“Yeah, I do. What happened?”
“I haven’t been driving that long, actually. I got my first license just before going back to school for my doctorate, about twenty years ago. I’m not really an epileptic. The seizures just went away.”
“Why? How?”
“I discovered what was causing them and stopped fighting it.”
“That’s not answering anything.”
“Alright, you are asking sooner than I expected. I guess I was anticipating some catching up with each other’s lives first.”
They started to do that. Then their meals arrived. Talking was laid aside and both men set to getting full for a while. Keith finished first and while Clover was laboring over his pancakes and dessert, he told him what had occurred since their graduation from high school.
“You remember that afternoon on the front lawn of the high school, when I came over and invited myself to eat lunch with you?”
Clover’s fork stopped halfway to his mouth and he just stared.
Keith smiled at his amazement and said: “I can see that you do. Well, the reason why I invited myself was because I could see how unhappy you were to see your girlfriend making out with that other boy in front of you. And I wanted to help you see that she wasn’t worth the anguish you were letting her put you through.”
“I remember what you said,” Clover said gruffly and attacked the last of his pancakes, eyes down.
“Right. Well. What I didn’t know at the time was that what I was seeing – you, Bettie, Doug, myself – was what I have come to refer to as the something about you gift.”
“The what?”
“Something about you,” Keith said. “I can see anyone for just a moment, and tell what it is about them that God finds the most enjoyable. That’s why I call it the something about you gift. I see what it is about you that God loves best and I respond to that. It’s sort of like saying, ‘I see something about you that makes me like you, and I am your friend because that thing that I like about you makes me happy.’”
“This is about the weirdest thing I have ever heard,” Clover said flatly, and was thinking at once that he wanted to go home now.
Keith held up a hand and dropped his chin. “Hear me out, Gil.” He was smiling with his eyes closed.
Clover realized with a strange tingling that he hadn’t said anything about leaving, he had only thought it. What the hell is going on here? He sat back against the booth and looked hard at Keith Vandenburg.
“Alright, shoot,” Clover said.
“Excellent,” Keith looked up and grinned.  “That afternoon was the first moment that I felt it clearly. I was so focused on your unhappiness that I wasn’t thinking of myself at all. And I wanted to help somehow but actually there wasn’t anything I could do. Later, after school, I tried to talk to Bettie about it, about what she was doing to you and to herself.”
“You did what?”
“Yes. It was stupid. I stood up for you. That wasn’t the stupid part. What was stupid was my not acknowledging the darkness in her. She would never listen to anyone, Gil, who showed her that darkness. I didn’t understand. For many, long years I didn’t understand. But the odd thing that happened while I was trying to find a way to help you and Bettie was that I went the longest period without seizures that I ever did.
“But it wasn’t until many more years had passed that I finally realized what was going on and stopped fighting what I have, what I am, and answered my calling. After high school I tried college and various dumb jobs. I tried to find a girl to get married with. Nothing in my life ever worked and I got very depressed. All those years I had listened to others for validation, for direction. And nobody ever knew what I needed. Therapy, meds, more therapy, nothing helped. The memory of you and that girl had vanished. What I had seen was slumbering. It all came out one night when I was so despondent that I could no longer face another day. I thought of killing myself. And then it happened: I had a revelaion of what I am, what I see. This vision of my gift opened in my heart and I wept aloud at the beauty of it! Like a flood I recalled, starting with you that afternoon, all of the people I had ever met in my life, and I could remember every one of them by their best gifts. What I had missed along the way was the significance of that awareness. I always first see the best something about a person, but also I see the worst. It was that which had blinded me! Like anyone else who is ill, I only saw the worst in people when it affected me and the world around us. It is a terrible burden most of us bear – that we so easily see the undesirable and overlook the delightful qualities in each other. But if we would see the best, as God sees us, we must also see the worst. No gift comes free. I had to become desperate enough before I could finally embrace the joyful and put aside the darkness.
“When I could see, everything changed. Suffering had purged my worst weakness, which had always been the tendency to believe that others knew better for me than I did for myself. But God knows me and shows me what I truly am and that makes me who I am. The seizures stopped at once with the vision of my authentic self.
“So once I got completely over myself all I wanted to do was help others see, what I can see, that God loves most about them. And to do that, where it would do the most good, I had to have the papers that everyone respects. So back to school I went and got my doctorate in psychology and psychiatry.
“The positive far outweighs the negative in almost everyone, so being able to see that special something that is most delightful easily overpowers the negative that I also see in them. That is true even in prison. There are a few serious offenders who are so darkened that even though I can see the good, they cannot and don’t believe me if I try and tell them. Over time, experience has shown me how to recognize the ones I can help the most. So many people, but so little time, Gil!”
Keith laughed and shook his head.
“Are you married, then?” Clover asked.
“No. If I had ever married it would have to be in polygamy. But we both know that isn’t going to fly these days. It never does, not really”
“Why would you require polygamy?”
“I love them all, Gil! Even then, I can’t marry the whole world of women. Some men would not appreciate me sharing their wives.”
This is too weird, thought Clover. He began to entertain the strangest suspicion. No, that’s impossible! Impossible? I can’t believe you used that word, Silly Gilly, he heard his inner voice berating himself.
THREE
“I can see that you believe me,” said Keith. “I knew that if you listened you would. Mostly I never tell anyone how or why I got into my calling. But I could tell the moment I saw you again, that you would believe. That’s part of what delights God about you – your ability to believe what the world does not.”
“Ye gods!” exclaimed Clover with a burst of laughter. Some people seated a few tables away looked over at them. “You are a force of nature, Keith,” Clover said in a quieter voice.
“Well you can see why I didn’t want any of this being casually overheard.”
“Indeed I can that!” Clover said in an intense undertone. “Anything else about me you want to share?”
“How much do you want to hear?”
“How much do you think you know?”
“By now, almost everything.”
“You’re shittin’ me,” Clover exclaimed and then couldn’t believe that he felt his face flushing. He hadn’t experienced embarrassment, in, he couldn’t remember when.
Keith laughed and Clover again felt as if he was in the presence of something huge, something angelic. The impression wouldn’t go away, even though he tried to change the word to something less metaphysical.
“I wouldn’t know where to start,” said Clover. “Surprise me.”
He did.
“You have to get out of this life without killing anybody. And before you end, this could be the hardest thing you ever have to do.”
Clover just stared at him. His face was a picture if he could have seen what Keith saw. The color went right out like liquid drained from a glass. He swallowed once, choking down the sudden assault of emotion but he could not stop the tears which welled at the corners of his eyes. It was all unconscious, the crushing of pathetic feelings that would lead to weeping, and he had been the master of it since boyhood. But his jaw went slack and he could barely say, “Go on.”
Keith smiled as if he saw into a person’s soul as easily and comfortably as the rest of the world moved through the weather of a day.
“Here’s a mystery about you that answers some questions I have had lately concerning eternity. You have murder in your core, you blame everything and anyone for the misery you feel and that you have caused. Yet it is all far, far, far too much for a single lifetime!”
He waited for a response, smiling like the angel that Clover was now growing convinced he was in the presence of.
“Too bad you’re not my analyst,” Clover said with a bleak smile.
“You don’t need an analyst, Gil. We are equals. You may find this hard to believe. But you are the first person I have seen since God spoke to me, who seems done here but you can’t leave yet.”
“Oh, I am done alright!” Clover said with sudden animation. He sat up straight and threw an arm along the back of the booth seat. He grinned, his mood suddenly fey and light. His fingers drummed on the top of the vinyl for a moment. Then he sat forward and laced his fingers in front of himself on the table. His eyes burned.
“Admit it, Keith. You were at the prison today because you knew I would be there.”
“I didn’t know you would be there, but God did.”
“And God told you.”
“I guess you could explain it that way, yes.”
“How?”
“I had an appointment with my client and I went, always expecting this kind of chance meeting. Your visit to the prison was the random factor, not my being there.”
“That’s true,” said Clover. “I only decided in the middle of the day and went without any forethought.”
“So it was God putting me in the right place, and telling you how we could meet,” said Keith.
“Alright, I accept that,” said Gilford Clover. “Now, what is all this for?”
“God knows,” Keith laughed as he said it.
“So you don’t have anything further to say to me, then?”
“Only your good things.”
“See, now that is what I am talking about,” Clover smacked the table with an open palm. He sat back and looked around the restaurant as if it were some kind of dreamed up setting. The other customers seemed as surreal as the conversation with this strange man who used to be a nerd in high school. “Have you ever met my wife?”
“Not that I know of. Do you want to tell me about her?”
“Oh, nothing, I guess. It’s just the way you said that – your good things. Karen used to put the kids to bed telling them each their good things, as she called it. She would list the things she knew were good about them. You said it the same way that she used to, that’s all. Weird, huh?”
“Well, maybe she’s here and coaching me,” Keith said with a smile.
“I didn’t tell you my wife is dead.”
“You didn’t have to. I told you, I already know practically everything about you by now.”
“How did you know my wife is gone?”
“That is difficult to explain,” said Keith. “I know, but I don’t know how I know. But in your case, it was recent and your grief shows. A man who has been many years married and is suddenly alone bears undeniable marks that I can instantly see. The moment I saw you in the visiting room that was the second thing I knew about you, after recognition. I said to myself, there’s Gilford Clover and he’s here because he’s lost his wife.”
“Okay, I can accept that. Everything you’ve said is spot-on so far. You deliver straight stuff, Keith. A charlatan would have offered factual things that could be obtained somehow. Almost all of what you’ve said about me is unknowable except through some kind of metaphysics. That impresses me and I don’t get impressed easily.”
“I don’t know why we met, Gil. But of course I am glad we did after all this time. It’s your turn to talk to me, if you want to. I am at your service.”
Clover didn’t think he had anything to say at first. But he said: “Do you know Doctor Steven Sternheisel?”
“Not personally, but I’ve heard his name referred to in our circle of professional colleagues.”
“It doesn’t matter if you know him I guess,” continued Clover. “He’s been my analyst for the past couple of years.”
And then Clover couldn’t stop himself. He told Keith Vandenburg everything that had happened in the last two days. Neither man paid the slightest attention to the changing clientele as it filed in and out and the hour passed midnight. As Clover talked, both of them ordered more food and the water pitcher was replaced by the silent, smiling waitress who had taken over when the earlier waitress’ shift had ended. First Keith, then Clover, had to break for nature, but that was the only interruption. Gilford Clover had never had anyone’s full attention like he did Keith’s. And he wondered at the irony of the timing. Why Keith, a shrink, had come back into his life now, after Clover had snapped and abducted Sternheisel at gunpoint. It made no sense, and he felt an enormous mirth behind it all. While that feeling started to annoy and anger him it also made him curious – why this bizarre timing?
When he was through talking, they sat in silence for a long moment.
Clover asked: “What do you think I should do?”
“Keep your appointment, the sooner the better.”
“Yeah, I guess you’re right. I was thinking of maybe just sending Sternheisel a cheque and forgetting the whole thing. But I can’t do that, can I.”
“No. You must be really tired to even think of it. You never run. Patience, Gil! I really think you are about to experience a huge breakthrough.”
“Well, that sounds alright!”
“It’s late,” Keith said without looking at his watch or the clock behind the counter. 
“Early, you mean,” said Clover, “early in the morning, that is. Sorry about that.”
“Don’t be. I have enjoyed you enormously. You have no idea.”
“Do you have to get up to be anywhere this morning?”
Keith waved his hand dismissively. “Don’t worry about me. I keep atrocious hours. My clients are free to call me anytime of the day or night, and often they do.”
“That has gotta suck.”
“It doesn’t, trust me. It’s what I have chosen to be. It is what I am that others need. That kind of thing doesn’t keep hours!”
“If you say so. I could never have the patience.”
“Don’t feel so sure about that!”
“I don’t love anyone enough to let them jerk me around anytime of the day or night. You are a saint. The world can sure use more like you.”
“Like us, Gil.” Before Clover could rebut that, Keith said: “And now, for your good things, the something about you that God loves above everything else:
“No matter what you have been, what you are now, what you will be in eternity to come, you know that this” (Keith extended his arms to include the whole world), “is not all that there is, and you want what is missing from it.”
“That’s it?”  Clover felt let down.
“It seems that you are the archetypical Pellinore in pursuit of his Questing Beast.”
“That doofuss? Me?”’
“I’d be flattered if it were me,” said Keith. “There’s something noble and lofty about that strength, that hunger for the answer. I am much more content with what I am than you are. So I will never seek for more like you do.”
“Pellinore is a buffoon, a laughing stock, a demented old fart! If God enjoys that in anyone above anything else, then God is a sick bastard!”
Keith smiled wider, obviously amused and not offended in the least at Clover’s outburst.
“Are you having me on or something?” Clover glowered back. His fatigue was not helping his mood at all.
“I know that’s a rhetorical question,” Keith responded. “You trust me, and you are right to do so. I never dissemble or use guile in my labors, Gil.”
“Then what the hell are you telling me? Do I get to go throughout eternity forever seeking and never finding? If God made me this way, I call foul and I will just quit the charade. Existence can roll on without me.”
“I don’t think that is an option.” Keith was suddenly solemn.
“Why not? I can imagine it so it must be an option.”
“That’s an interesting concept you are broaching there.”
“I mean it. If God likes leading me on forever, I will just hike myself off to some corner of the universe where I can be alone and I’ll just sleep off the rest of eternity. God can play Questing Beast with someone else.” Clover was getting fuming mad.
“Other things about you that God loves are your consistent integrity. Once you admit your faults you never go back to blaming anyone. And your sense of honor and duty, and your ability to believe when others insist a thing is unbelievable.”
“Yeah, you told me that one already,” Clover muttered.
He glared around the restaurant, silently daring anyone to ask why he was angry. But people in 24-hour restaurants in the depths of the night are not typically the most gregarious or confrontational, and nobody did more than flick a dull eye in his direction before returning to their own food or inaudible conversations.
“Gil, you said it yourself. Existence in this universe is only apparent. Time isn’t literal, only apparitional. That means that God already knows that you have won your quest.”
“I win? How does that figure? If God made me to be a Pellinore because I delight his imagination, why would God ever enjoy me otherwise?”
“The quest must have an end, otherwise it isn’t a quest. It would be a cruel torture.”
“I agree with that. And in your mind God doesn’t do torture. I am not so sure.”
“I am certain of it. And I think you are fooling yourself. You know God better than that.”
“Says you.”
“Yes, say I. And says you, after you sleep on it. I think that later what I said will be part of an answer, part of what you seek, instead of seeming like you are being prodded to see how long you’ll squirm.
“And don’t be so quick to write off Pellinore as an old fart fool. Arthur saw the Beast pass by, and it was a strange monster to his eyes. But Pellinore saw a mysterious and beautiful woman.”
“I am not amused or encouraged,” sighed Clover, and he got to his feet stretching, his anger fading fast. “Which was it, a monster or a woman? Do we ever find out?”
“Both, neither,” said Keith as he followed Clover to the cashier. “The Questing Beast is an analogy to show a greater truth.”
“Which is?”
“I take it to mean Pellinore’s ultimate joy, existing only for him. And it manifested as monstrous as a message to the rest of the world that it was not to be approached or trifled with by others.”
They left the restaurant together and slowly walked toward Clover’s car.
“Why manifest as a woman that flees to avoid the only man that she is meant to have?” Clover asked.
Keith shrugged and smiled almost witlessly as he rubbed his head with fingernails. “Who can plumb the depths of God’s interest in and love for his children?”
Clover paused beside the opened door to his car and looked at Keith over the roof.
“I’ll take that as the answer of a bachelor,” Clover said. “I think it’s a proper crap analogy. No man can possibly be satisfied with one woman. Pellinore was bound to be disappointed.”
“I can appreciate what you say, Gil. I did admitted already that I love them all! Goodnight!”
FOUR
As dog tired as he felt, Clover couldn’t unwind to sleep until he flopped in front of his forbidden fascination – a copy of a VHS tape recording from way back in 1980.
The Dorothy Stratten murder was tragic, but what the rest of the world didn’t know – as far as Gilford Clover knew – was that the very act, and the subsequent suicide of her psychotically jealous husband, Paul Snider, had been captured by one of the first camcorders.
Snider apparently had taken possession of a promotional model camcorder within the film industry. After setting it up in the bedroom of the West LA apartment they had once shared, Snider had talked Dorothy there, tied her up on a bondage bench of his own invention, raped her, then used a shotgun on her head before turning the weapon on himself – all caught in lurid color and HiFi sound. The very existence of the VHS tape recording of the murder-suicide was unknown to authorities, because evidently the first two detectives on the scene appropriated the tape, inserted a blank in the camcorder and put it away in the closet. Later, the tape of the Playboy pinup’s final moments was copied and sold to a multimillionaire as the ultimate hard core porn snuff film. But it hadn’t circulated further before it was apprehended and destroyed. The detectives who had stolen the tape were suspended and the original tape had disappeared.
For all Clover knew, he owned the original and there wasn’t any other. How he had come to possess the macabre video was a story in itself. Many years before, probably around 1984, Clover had been in LA on a training assignment for a few weeks. During that time, he had gone on several patrols with an LAPD officer who was a friend from the police academy in Salt Lake City. They had responded to a reported suicide and found themselves in a disarrayed apartment occupied by a suspended police officer – in fact one of the two homicide detectives who had arrived first on the scene of the Dorothy Stratten murder years before. He had kept the recording of that famous tragedy and it was in his VHS player, which was on, but the tape was rewound. Perhaps he had been viewing it before blowing his brains out. Clover and his friend then did something neither had ever told anyone about. Something so similar to the crime that the detectives investigating the Dorothy Stratten murder had done, that Clover almost believed that there was some malicious presence possessing that recording. They had stashed the tape in their squad car, made a copy at once after they left the scene of the suicide, then later put the copy back where it could be found (neither Clover or his friend could bring themselves to simply steal evidence from the scene of the disgraced detective’s suicide). It hadn’t been that many years since the Stratten-Snider murder-suicide, and the chief of the LAPD had made sure that the video was destroyed like the first one had been. It wasn’t evidence of anything not already known in the Stratten-Snider case, and so the destruction of the tape was an official act as before. Clover and his friend watched Snider’s video at their earliest opportunity. It was their shared, forbidden secret. Months went by and Clover never forgot the graphic, sensual violence of that video that his friend had kept, promising to send him a copy one day. Clover didn’t press for it, because a significant portion of his soul felt that he ought to not keep such things around himself. But when the cassette arrived unexpectedly in the mail he didn’t destroy it either. A letter accompanied the tape, explaining briefly that it was the original and that his friend had never copied it, for reason or reasons unexpressed. It was a mystery. Clover’s possession of the tape was a secret shared with no one else – again as far as he knew, because his LAPD friend had died suddenly not long after giving it to him.
Clover had already watched Dorothy Stratten’s last tortured minutes on earth and her violent passing a total of three times, which made two viewings in his own home, when his wife was away on one of her trips and there were no children around. His last viewing of it must have been over fifteen years ago. He felt guilty about the secret viewings, about owning such an atrocious relic, which would, without a doubt, sell like cocaine on the underground film market, should he ever have decided to stoop so low. It should have been destroyed years ago.
The story of the murder-suicide wasn’t what caught at him. He had never been interested in either of the movie dramatizations of Dorothy Stratten’s life and had not bothered to see them. But something about the pinup girl had always nagged at him, like no other filmed nude woman ever had.
And so now, without forethought or even any old qualms, he inserted the VHS tape into his player, adjusted the aspect ratio, and plopped down across the room from the wide-screen TV to watch it with the volume off. During the earlier viewings he had found the audio strangely more disturbing than the video.
Perhaps it was the effect of two extended, sleepless days so close together, but the rape, murder and suicide, all as horrid and fascinating as ever, now had the surreal quality of an experience that he had seen in the flesh – or, worse still, had perpetrated it himself.
“I’ll be damned if I did,” he muttered more than once as the thought grew in his numbed brain.
He tried to figure out the cause of the sensation, that he was viewing what he had seen in real life – though hopefully not as Snider? How could he be Snider? They were contemporaries, so he could never have been Snider – unless this Existence business was more complex and mysterious, and shared, than he had assumed from his visions of other lives. If he could gain a perspective of being anyone, that would open up a whole different angle. Perhaps some of (or all of?) the lives he assumed were his, as himself, were instead visions of others’ lives that he was being given intimate experience of. What the purpose of that might be was as enigmatic as the first assumption – that what he remembered clearly as visions were all of him.
Either way, or something else he hadn’t thought of yet, the horrid treatment of the pinup-actress was as offensive as his first exposure to it. Snider blowing himself away seemed good, but he could have done that well enough without ruining the body, career and life of a twenty year-old goddess.
Clover was swearing under his breath at the lunging, soon-to-be-carcass of the insanely jealous Paul Snider. He was irrationally willing the video to alter so that Dorothy Stratten could escape what was coming. The seconds ticked by and the denouement of the fabulously beautiful woman’s body was drawing nearer with each restricted breath that escaped between Clover’s clenched teeth.
The raping was over and Snider had taken his wife off the bondage bench. She was lying on the bed sobbing, her wrists tied together with fresh tape. Their sweat-covered bodies glistened as Snider maneuvered to allow the camcorder a full view of Stratten’s terrified and furious face. Her head whipped back and forth against the gag that Snider had tied between her teeth – gorgeous, perfect teeth, that Clover remembered because he had tried at first to understand all the filthy and foul things the outraged woman had been screaming at Snider while he worked his evil with her. If Clover had the audio on he knew he would have also heard loud music. The jealous maniac had had the stereo going to further help drown the sound of his crime from the other tenants in their duplex (in fact, the police report said that they had all been out of the building at the time). But the memory of the audio was supplied by his brain and it was more than enough. It was the Blue Oyster Cult album (he was blanking on the title) that had Don’t Fear the Reaper on it.
No doubt about it, fruitcakes grew like nuts in the Hollywood crowd. He could relate, especially lately. Being unrelentingly honest with himself, he had to admit that despite his insistence with Sternheisel he was anything but sane himself.
“I am crazy, but I am harmless, and that’s what counts,” he said out loud, as Snider reached behind the bed and revealed the shotgun, and Stratten’s distended eyes turned from terror and fury, to simply terror, and she began pleading, no longer cursing and threatening. Snider moved over her exposed, soaked body with the muzzle of the Mossberg, using it like some kind of sexual device to prod more futile pleas from his estranged wife.
Clover didn’t want to watch the murder, to get to the suicide. The hand control was out of reach on the consol. He willed himself off the pillow-stuffed couch, but his body wouldn’t respond. Instead, as if the tape were on slow speed, he witnessed the whole thing. The beautiful head ruined (“Loud roar the cannons ‘til ruin remains”, he sang the line, and while the final tableau unfolded in gory, living color on his 50” plasma TV, he finished the last half of The Story of a Soldier), a weeping Snider rolling over Dorothy’s body prone on the bed, then the disturbing lacuna where Snider advanced on the camcorder and turned if off (the autopsy report said Snider died about half an hour later than Stratten), then turned it on again and stepped away from it to tape his grinning, blood smeared face, as he elevated the shotgun to a level between his eyes and pulled the trigger with his thumb. A grisly three-eyed face snapped back and fell away, the left eye dangling…
FIVE
If Clover was trying to force something by viewing his forbidden video it failed. He awoke on the couch and it was still dark. Getting up stiffly he tottered to his bed and collapsed. Nature interrupted his sleep and he answered then collapsed again. By then daylight was showing through the blinds. When he finally woke up and got up it was late afternoon. He hadn’t dreamed a single thing that he could recall.
“This is totally nuts,” he muttered. He put the video away in its secret hiding place in his hobby room, where he kept his weapons and miniatures collections, then fixed himself some scrambled eggs and toast with orange juice.
It was too late to bother Sternheisel, he decided. So he had another interminable evening to waste before he could go back to sleep and arrive at tomorrow.
Bothering Keith Vandenburg seemed also out of the question.
In the late evening Clover paced around the yard, morosely observing the weeds and neglected plants in his dead wife’s gardens. Perennials ran riotously intermingled with each other, penetrated through the fence slats and chain-link, spread on the pathway and out onto the sidewalks. His stubbornly untrained eye could not tell which ones were flowering weeds and which real flowers. And he still didn’t care which were which. Karen’s world included such lore in abundance. Clover remembered mocking the list of silly names of each plant as she had pointed to them proudly and tried to explain why she had chosen each one for each spot in her yard. But he had never had the slightest interest in yard work or gardening, and the time he had spent there had been only for her. Now the yard just grew and parts of it died that did not survive on the meager, inconsistent amounts of watering that he gave. He still cut the lawns, as always, and that was it.
When the twilight had deepened to near-night, Clover went back inside and flipped on the TV again. He microwaved and ate a quick tasteless supper and tried to go to sleep early. After more than an hour of lying awake staring up in the dark, he got out of bed and left the house to drive around without any place in mind.
Driving took him over to the bench that followed Foothill Boulevard, and then to the Mount Olympus trailhead overlook. After the short hike in the moonlight up to the first switchback in the trail, he turned left and balanced over to the edge of the massive outcrop of rocks and sat down. The Valley lights glinted below. His legs dangled and he smacked his heels gently on the face of the rock as I-215 traffic hissed by below him.
Gilford Clover could dimly recall doing this once before with Karen many, many years ago. And in his memory he recalled how her presence beside him in the darkness had been one of those good moments when he had felt a profound companionship with his wife. They had sat and he had talked for most of two hours, and he had almost understood what “being one” meant. But it never quite happened – not then, here, or at any other time.
Rather than banishing the memory, Clover willed the living wife of his youth to his side. To help accomplish this, he closed his eyes and concentrated on remembering how she had affected the air near him when she would sit thigh-to-thigh and hold his hand.
(He positioned his left arm, elbow on hip, palm upturned on his thigh with his fingers relaxed and slightly curled. He willed the feeling of her fingers laced between his. And when he more than half believed it, he began talking with his eyes mostly closed. The spread out lights of The Valley flickered through his eyelashes.)
“I’ve had a while to think everything over and I want to try to explain something, about me, about us.
“I don’t think that I know how to love. It’s nothing about you Karen. I don’t think that I know how to love anyone or anything.”
(The sensation that she was about to object, to help him see, was so palpable, that he cut her off before she could speak.)
“Don’t say anything, just listen to me. I need to try and talk this out so I can understand better what it all means, okay?”
(He felt her nod and her fingers tightened between his, and the pressure said, “Go on”.)
“I seem to do all of my serious talking at night lately. Maybe I always did. It put you to sleep often, I remember.
“I’ve decided that the biggest conundrum is eternity. Here I am, and you are somewhere so that we can’t be together anymore. I don’t expect to meet you when I die. And I don’t believe that I will be any different than I am now. You know why. I have seen myself too many times to expect that I will be some other kind of man than I already am – than I always am.
“So you should know that I don’t to any degree feel that you owe me anything. And I want you to have someone else that suits you better than I do. Don’t expect me to expect you to wait for me or meet me or anything like that, however it works. You might think that after all the visions of other lives that I have glimpsed, that I might have some idea about that, but it is just as dark as ever – another part of the perfect joke, I guess.
“Healing has to be agreed upon by the patient. And I have never felt like giving up any part of myself. So your Savior isn’t going to find me very willing material to work with.
“And that’s where I am at this point. I can watch a gruesome rape and murder, again, even after your demise, and it doesn’t touch me. I feared that I would finally break down, seeing that bastard do all that again to the goddess, but nothing happened. All I still wanted to do was to kill the bastard before he could do it. You never knew about any of that before, and I should have told you. But this is the best that I can do. I am truly sorry about all of it. It seems such a wasted effort by now.
“The yard, your garden spots, are all going to seed and over-running everything. And I am sorry about that too. A more grieving husband would maintain them as a memorial or monument to the dearly departed from his life. But I can’t be bothered. In a way the condition of the yard is a testimony of my life. I have been going to seed myself for years, and I can’t care about that either anymore.
“Hah! I told Doctor Sternheisel the other day that if I ever married again it would be for sex. I am sure he didn’t understand. He must have the impression that you and I were not compatible in the sexual way. I’m not going to disabuse him of any false notions because it’s not any of his dammed business. But I just wanted to thank you for the one thing I truly appreciated about our marriage. How you always had my wants and needs in mind and did your level best to accommodate them. I even outgrew my juvenile prejudices enough to find you physically attractive.
“And you know that I never touched another woman or felt anything for anyone that was inappropriate. I was never unfaithful in my heart, even if I wanted you to look different sometimes. Hell, I wanted me to look different too, so it was a balanced disaffection with the physical that more or less constantly bedeviled me. None of that was your fault. It’s just the way I am made.
“I confess to wanting a soul-mate for my wife. But as far as I can tell, I’ve always wanted that, looked in vain for it (even among others, they don’t convince me), and I’ve never found what I’ve been searching for. We got married only because I gave up and settled for less than what I wanted. But you made life as good as I could have expected. And I hope that someday – maybe after this, you can find someone better suited to your liking.
“Well, that’s about all I have to say.”
He felt the night close in as the sound of his voice ceased. His whole body was gripped by a strange euphoria and enormous sadness at once. The feeling of her fingers laced through his was real now and he could feel the cool night air everywhere on his body, through his clothes, except where she pressed against his left side. He kept his eyes averted, out over The Valley, the lights still sifting through his lashes.
Then he opened his hand and let her fingers go. He wanted to look as the breeze enfolded his entire body now. But the image in his mind, of her getting up slowly and looking sadly, tenderly, at his back, was more real than what his mortal eyes would see. He knew that.
And then all feeling of Karen’s presence was gone. He opened his eyes wide as if from a dream and looked stupidly around.
What the hell just happened? he asked himself silently.
Since leaving the house he couldn’t recall anything until this moment. Then the monologue he had just uttered returned to him, and the reality of Karen’s silent pressure against his body. He looked wonderingly at his left hand, testing the reality of it with his right hand in the moonlight.
“Crazy sonofabitch,” he muttered, and repeated it a few more times as he sat weeping on the rock. The Valley lights blazed out like colored star patterns, lancing each other through his tears.
SIX
Clover drove to the parking lot outside Doctor Sternheisel’s clinic. He had decided to be on hand the instant the analyst arrived for work.
Meanwhile it was still the darkness before the dawn. The moon was low and huge over the Oquirrh Mountains. Clover parked the car to have a full view of moonset. He reclined the driver’s seat and watched the moon as he spoke to himself out loud.
“Death by a thousand cuts. I reckon I am in the 990’s somewhere about now. What’ll it take, Lord?”
He had made an almost life-long habit of addressing Deity that way. It was both ironic and sincere desire.
“Cut number one – I guess blow number one – had to be when I realized that I could dream things that I couldn’t do in waking life – like flying. My flying dreams went away almost for good the moment I realized that no matter how hard I tried, I would never be able to make my body fly like that.
“Blow number two, that would have been when I learned how cruel people can be – that little demon-spawn across the street, my first playmate at the age of probably four. He had that handful of sand from my sandbox and was growling at me, ‘Eyes, eyes’, and I knew with my first experience of terror, that if I opened my eyes even a peep, or moved my hands from my face, that he would throw the sand in and blind me. All I could do was sit there and scream until my mother heard and came outside and made the boy go home. It seemed to take forever but she finally did come and save me. I’ve never remembered the boy’s name. He moved away probably before school started. That house always had new people living in it and I stopped noticing who the new neighbors were. Most of them didn’t have kids our age anyway.
“The third blow was school and knowing that there was no escape. It was like a never-ending prison sentence and neither of my parents ever understood that perception. For twelve years I battled to save myself from the system, even though I had no idea what I was doing for most of that time. In high school, I finally understood that my self-concept was all-important and I more or less told the system to kiss my ass. But getting to that point cost me, a lot.
“Repeated blows came every time one of my friends moved away. And finally when my brothers moved away I just clamped down on the feeling of grief until it went away. I thought it had, at any rate. Now I can see that grief doesn’t ever die, but instead grief adds to grief until it kills you. But right now, I am all cried out and I feel nothing. I guess that’s what they mean when they say, ‘crying leaves you feeling cleansed.’ Heh, all I feel is empty.
“Losing enjoyment with material things has to be a blow that hit me countless times. And realizing that something fundamental was missing inside of me. I never found enjoyment in replacing material things with relationships. I’ve always sucked at serving my fellow men. Usually I did it when I felt enough guilt finally to get off my kiester and give a token effort at helping someone out.
“Watching everything die, and noticing the decay in everything, has been a sore trial on my feckless efforts to find enjoyment in this world. The number of blows or cuts connected to this alone has to be huge.
“Palpable hits I have known and never forgotten:
“First and foremost, the girl-women I have known and adored who never felt anything stronger than disdain for me. Nancy killed my worship, Bettie crushed my chivalry, Jeannie used the interest she was starting to have in me to goad her real boyfriend into proposing marriage, by threatening to leave him and go with me instead. There was always something mercenary about that, and my estimation of the nature of females plummeted to a new low. Karen deciding I was the one she wanted was in its own way a cut to my ego. I’ve always felt that marriage ought to be to your girlfriend. At least she always expressed that I was her boyfriend, and I tried to respond to and copy that sentiment – but I failed if I’m going to be honest about it. The decades passing in that tenuous-at-best affection probably count for a ton of blows and cuts.
“Children are disappointing, even the successful ones, because eventually each one of them got uncomfortable being around cranky, negative ol’ Dad. I drove them off with it. But what none of them realized is that I was protecting my heart from further disappointment. Each one of them scared me to death growing up, and a fair number of them still scare me with their lives as adults. ‘How do we survive parenthood?’ Rocky used to ask this rhetorically, and the answer is, ‘We don’t.’ And here I am.
“Anyway, continuing the list of blows has to include watching friends and loved ones, who didn’t move away, decaying or dying abruptly. Either way is bad.  But watching your own child waste away is the worst of all. I don’t know how my son carries on after going through that with his boy. I can’t find common ground with him anymore, and it was hard enough before that adversity took him to an undiscovered country, as it were. Now his marriage problems are alien to me, I have no advice to give and surely no comfort. I’ve never walked the path he’s on.
“Now I am alone, but the blows fall on dead flesh. I feel nothing anymore.”
SEVEN
Having indulged in his soliloquy of self pity, Clover was primed for his confrontation with Doctor Sternheisel. But the good doctor would not be arriving at his clinic for almost three hours. Clover leaned his seat back and listened to his heartbeat keeping odd time with the keening of the crickets and the first early Robins calling in the pre dawn. At some point he slipped into a shallow sleep. 
A car door shutting seemed loud and he opened his eyes to the early sunlight. Sternheisel’s receptionist, Mindy Walker, was crossing the parking lot to the clinic side door. She seemed unaware of Clover’s car already there. He wondered dully if she knew anything about his abduction of her employer. Would Sternheisel have told anyone? Clover couldn’t decide if his analyst would have confided that to Mindy, but he probably had told one or more of his staff of analysts. His uncertainty was mildly amusing, and he felt a tension in his system that he hadn’t experienced for many years. The showdown with the analyst was almost producing excitement.
While he waited for Sternheisel to arrive for work, Clover wondered idly if the analyst found a young, sexy receptionist difficult to have around each day, all day. Mindy Walker was young enough, almost, to be Sternheisel’s daughter. She was a bit of a flirt, but nothing blatant – just something about the way she looked steadily at you over the top of her glasses, and she always seemed to have a strand of tinted long straight dark hair to brush back away from one eye when she turned to face you. Perhaps it was artless, but Clover had always felt Mindy’s physical presence palpably. He knew that if he was the analyst that her constant nearness would inhibit his efficiency on the job. Perhaps Sternheisel was made of sterner stuff. Clover enjoyed the pun as silently as he had coined it.
His musing was interrupted by Steven Sternheisel’s yellow RX8 pulling up the drive and into the reserved parking stall. Clover watched the doctor walk briskly to the side door and disappear through it. During the next most of ten minutes, in quick succession, over a dozen other vehicles arrived and their occupants entered the clinic for work.
He waited for five minutes then deliberately added one more before getting out of his car and starting toward the clinic’s front doors. It was early yet. Consultations would not be scheduled until an hour out. The good doctors and their assistants would be in early morning conference together. Sternheisel would be presiding. Clover’s appearance in their midst would cause a disruption of their rhythm.
Mindy was at her place behind the appointment desk when Clover passed through the double glass doors and crossed the thick piled carpet toward her. He was smiling pleasantly. Mindy looked up and showed a polite surprise.
“Mister Clover, how nice to see you this morning.  Can I help you with something? Doctor Sternheisel is…”
“I know where he is, Mindy, I won’t keep him long.” Clover kept walking past the desk and down the hall toward the conference room.
“Wait, Mister Clover, you’re not…” She stopped addressing his back and turned to the phone, punching a button. The green light flashed until Sternheisel picked up the phone on the conference room table.
“Yes, Mindy, what is it?” he asked curtly. He hadn’t been sleeping well the last couple of nights. He heard a yelp of surprise from his secretary. Then Clover’s flat voice said:
“Hi there Doc, it’s me.”
“I’m in conference right now.”
“That’s alright with me. I don’t have anything to hide.”
“What do you want to do?
“I’m ready to hear what you have to say right now, Doc.”
“Gilford, you can see me this afternoon. Ask Mindy to schedule you in. I will even stay late if we have to.”
“I’m here, now, and I don’t fancy coming back.”
Sternheisel fumed in momentary silence. The man was impossible! He hadn’t been sure how to handle Clover’s reappearance before, but now he too wanted to get this over with. What Clover would do after Sternheisel told him the truth remained unknown. But the analyst didn’t care. The night on the mountain had changed him. He was still surprised at the courage he felt to face anything that life could dish out. One thing was certain, Sternheisel wasn’t afraid of his patient. If Clover was banking on that kind of edge, he was soon to be disappointed.
“Alright, it’s your choice, Gilford. We’re waiting for you.”
Sternheisel hung up the phone and looked around the long oval table at the curious and concerned expressions of his colleagues and assistants.
“He’s coming in. He wants my decision, now.”
Nobody said anything, but several of the men and women exchanged looks with him and each other. Sternheisel, in the intervening days since his abduction at gunpoint, had conferred with them already, of course. Gilford Clover was one of the clinic’s more notorious clients, and Sternheisel’s update on the semi-retired police officer’s case had been the most prominent topic of the staff’s conferences for the past two mornings.
The hallway door opened and closed. Clover surveyed the room with his hand on the knob behind his back. They noted his relaxed yet poised posture, the flickering blue eyes behind the glasses that took in all their faces in a single glance around the table. The police officer had scouted the room like he was preparing for the eventuality of combat. In a way, Clover was doing just that. But he knew already that he couldn’t lose. He in fact had nothing to lose. With the merest trace of amusement at the corners of his eyes he advanced toward the table.
“Have a seat right there, Gilford,” Sternheisel indicated a chair at the end of the table. Everyone could see him easily. On Clover’s immediate left was a middle-aged female psychiatrist. She had been his previous analyst before Sternheisel had personally taken his case.  The man in his thirty’s on Clover’s right was new. The rest of the analysts and therapists were arranged around the conference table. With Clover seated the table’s occupants made a baker’s dozen. Like the Last Supper, Clover mused to himself, except I’m not Judas and I don’t see him here.
“Welcome, Gilford,” said Sternheisel with a stressed smile. “You know Doctor Taylor, of course.”
“Yes Ma’am, how-do,” Clover said with an affected Western drawl. His former analyst smiled pleasantly enough, holding no grudge toward him for rejecting her previous efforts to provide a sympathetic, regular female presence to confide in.
Sternheisel took a couple of minutes to introduce each of the staff. While he did this, Clover looked at each one intently, feeling relaxed and actually interested in each man and woman in turn. Their names mostly went right out of his head, but he remembered everything else, the important, real stuff. It was at that moment, while Sternheisel’s voice directed his attention toward each in turn that Gilford Clover realized that he was seeing them. Is this what Keith Vandenburg was talking about? I haven’t been around anyone else since I talked with him until now.
That wasn’t quite true, he recollected quickly. He had seen Mindy Walker on his way in. She had looked different somehow but he hadn’t consciously noticed it. Or was he imagining that he had noticed something about Mindy that he had never seen before? She wasn’t merely sexy, she was smart and especially kind, excessively so. Her polite demeanor that he had always disdained as mere professional veneer was absolutely genuine. And she was like that with literally everybody. There was a reason why he liked Mindy, and it wasn’t male to female, it was because everybody liked her and always had.
Sternheisel finished introducing his staff and faced Clover, outwardly affecting ease that Clover knew the boss did not feel.
“Good to know each of you,” Clover said. His face was impassive. Inwardly he was starting to fight down a euphoria that swelled larger with each heartbeat. It was starting to panic him. I can see each one of them. But they can’t see me. Am I right? Or am I finally cracking up for good? What’s happening? Dammit Keith, what did you do to me?
“Well,” said Sternheisel, “this shouldn’t take much time. As I am sure you can guess your case is well known to everyone in this room. We consult each other to offer the best possible support to our clients. Although your behavior three days ago is grounds for bringing in the authorities, Gil, we came to the decision, together, to let it go – as long as you agree to continue counseling and agree to therapy.”
“That’s charitable of you, Doc, under the circumstances,” said Clover.
Sternheisel felt a wave of relief. “I am glad to hear you say that. It took a lot of convincing many in this room that you are not actually dangerous. Unpredictable, even disturbing or frightening, but not actually a risk to anyone.”
Clover looked around the table at the faces. And what Sternheisel said was mirrored there, more or less in each one. The new man on his right seemed reluctantly in agreement. Clover noted two others, both women, who also seemed unsure of their decision to follow the boss’s lead on this.
Clover continued torn between excitement and a dread that he was losing his mind, but optimism was winning. Each person in the room seemed revealed to his mind. It wasn’t anything like reading their thoughts or intentions. Rather, it was like seeing each one as unique and delightful, even precious. He felt strongly that he would give his life to save any one of them. There wasn’t a single exception. Sternheisel’s hand-picked staff was a team of the highest caliber. Not one of them was lacking a thorough sense of humor, but how differently each felt and expressed it! There was no friction between them, even though they had differing opinions on a lot of things especially relating to their work together. And it was Sternheisel’s discernment which had allowed him to select this team of altruistic souls. Clover was impressed for the first time. They could be mistaken about their diagnosis of him. But he no longer doubted their desires and intentions were genuinely motivated by a need to help others improve their lives. Looking around the table he saw that in each face as clearly as he could distinguish gender and ages. One and all, first and foremost, each man and woman looking back at him was a healer at heart determined to make the world a better place.
This sudden sight, it was time to try it out.
“What convinced you that I am not a public menace?” Clover asked the room generally.
“Yourself,” Sternheisel said, “just now.”
“I see. You were collectively reserving judgment to see if I would be amenable to your ministrations.”
“Of course, actions speak louder than words,” the reserved man on Clover’s right said.
“I agree completely with what you say,” Clover said. “My methodology of getting Doctor Sternheisel’s attention a few days ago was uncalled for and brutal. But you have to understand that nevertheless I am not ever going to accept some clinical throw-away phrase for my condition.”
That produced some frowns and sideways glances between the analysts and assistants.
“The dreams are memories. What I am less convinced of, now, is that all the memories are mine. What seems to be happening is communication. I don’t know why now, or why it took so long for me to realize this. But there is a common theme running through them all. And it is death-dealing. Did you notice that, Doc?”
Sternheisel said: “Like many who also have vivid and disturbing dreams, your life is closely impacted by death and grieving, Gil.”
Clover waved a hand. “Yeah, I know, anything not empirical would flop right outside of your little professional box of definitions. Suffice to say, I won’t be buying any of that, because I know things about each of you that you don’t know about each other.”
“Is this helpful use of your and our time, Gil? If you’ll just arrange with Mindy, you and I can talk later today. And I am not giving you the brush-off!” Sternheisel hastened to add.
“That’s fine with me,” Clover said.
But he didn’t move to get up. Instead he let his eyes meet each of those pairs of eyes looking back at him. What he couldn’t see – what each of the others saw – was his face as if for the very first time. That unspoken impression was universal, as they would discover after he had left them and they did nothing else that morning in their conference but talk about him.
As his attention moved from one to the other Clover was smiling with delight at each revealed soul. No two could possibly be remotely alike at the core, the place where God manifested. So intent was his interest in each of them in turn, that the main reaction to his scrutiny was a returned smile, maybe a nervous chuckle. Some looked away first, but most just kept staring at him as he moved on to the next eyes and looked inside.
So benign was Clover’s appraisal of them that before he was through he was starting to laugh. Laughter is of course contagious. The conference room began to sound like a party.
Sternheisel felt a moment of old habit panic. He was losing control of the group dynamic. “Now Gil,” he started to say in a pleasant, disarming voice. But Clover locked eyes with him and the remonstrance died in Sternheisel’s throat.
Without saying a word Clover seemed to share the perfect joke. Something vast lived behind the smiling eyes, making Sternheisel’s job today, indeed his entire mortal career, seem like Chumley’s “fly specks.” The fleeting suspicion that he was somehow being hoodwinked was lost in the swell of laughter that he wanted to enjoy.
The room rocked with merriment. It went on for a deliciously long moment.
Clover got up wiping at his eyes and chuckling. He went to the door and opened it and paused to say:
“Well, till this afternoon then, Doc. Good-day to each of you.”
A volley of farewells and laughter followed him into the hallway as the door shut behind him.
The bemused staff of the clinic looked around the table at each other, composing themselves and feeling lighter or confused or a little bit worried.
“What was that!” one of them said.
EIGHT
“You always seem to know what to say to put everyone at their ease,” the policewoman said. She was fortyish, short and athletic-looking with long, brown hair that she wore in a bun when on duty.
Clover and his partner were having lunch in a coffee and bagel shop in Trolley Square Mall. Their assignment together was into the third week and now she really wanted to know why the older man always had each situation pegged the moment he entered a room.
They had just come from a very tense encounter with a drunken man with a record for violence and who had been threatening to his wife and small children. Instead of confronting the fury, Officer Clover had quietly asked if they could come in. Unaccountably, after a long moment of crackling silence, the drunk had stepped back to the side and Clover had walked in and sat down on the stained sofa: Officer Gloria Stoddard had followed his lead, even though everything in her nervous system had been screaming at her to get the angry, huge, grimy man on the floor and cuffed now.
Instead of having to haul the violent man away, he had been calmed at once by Officer Clover’s father-like demeanor and patience and agreed to come down to the station and talk to a counselor who would help him with some options. Throughout it all, Gloria had tried to concentrate on the wife and her two toddler children. The frightened woman had seemed flummoxed at the cooperative behavior of her husband. As he had accompanied Officer Clover to the police car the two men laughed at something Clover had said. The woman touched Gloria’s arm and said in an excited whisper, “Thank you so much! Martin has never liked it when I call the police.” Gloria had been speechless and could only manage a, “You’re welcome ma’am.”
Gloria had heard the precinct gossip, of course, about Officer Gilford Clover’s bereavement and subsequent leave of absence from the police force. Of his therapy and return to full duty less than a year before. When the Chief had told her that he was putting her with Clover, Gloria had felt fascination and trepidation. The veteran officer was the oldest active patrolman on the force and silent as a monk. He always seemed to be watching and weighing everything going on around himself. Silently passing judgment isn’t an endearing quality, and Gloria Stoddard, young enough to be Clover’s daughter, naturally bristled to be in the presence of so much contained male, what? She couldn’t put a name on what she felt around him. He didn’t act overtly chauvinistic or dismissive of her womanhood as a police officer, but something superior about him rankled and challenged her.
In the more than two weeks that they had been responding to largely domestic crises Gloria had watched her older male partner, time and again, unerringly call each situation correctly and deal with it in the best imaginable way. The man was good at what he did, but even with years of experience, nobody had any business being perfect at having his fingers on the pulse of the human race.
Clover had never volunteered anything, and Gloria Stoddard had kept her questions to herself until this afternoon. It was the first question she had asked him about how he went about his work.
“How do you know?”
“I know people,” Clover said simply as he bit his bagel and washed it down with orange juice.
“That’s no answer,” his partner objected. “You can’t know someone that you have just met.”
“You seem sure of that.”
“Of course I am. You don’t even know me yet, and we’ve been around each other hours a day for weeks now.”
Clover looked up at her gently, amused as if with one of his own girls of years ago.
“You’re saying I’m mistaken?” Gloria said. She wasn’t ready to unleash her feminist just yet.
She knew herself well enough to identify part of what about this man intimidated her – experience, age, wisdom, and of course simply being male. Her feelings toward the opposite gender were not without difficulties and she knew from her own therapy as a younger woman that the cause was to a large extent her upbringing by a domineering, controlling and later absent father. Gloria had never depended on any man for anything and it was a point of pride. The way Clover looked at her just now made pride in her solitary accomplishments seem somehow less important. And that made her feel defensive.
“No, you’re right” he said, “I don’t know you. You’ve told me next to nothing about your life.”
“Then what do you mean, ‘I know people?’”
“I can see what is best and worst in their character. It is a gift I have.”
“I, see. You’re talking about some kind of metaphysical thing. And you rely on this, intuition, to do our job? Isn’t that kind of risky?”
“It works.”
“Maybe you’re just lucky.”
“Maybe.”
He wasn’t cooperating so she let it go for the moment and they finished their lunch.
Sitting in the patrol car under a tree in the city park Gloria tried again.
“Gil, how did you know that Martin Crandall wasn’t going to pound you? I felt like he could squash me as I squeezed through their front door.”
“If you saw what I saw, you wouldn’t have felt any threat. He was angry but not at his woman or kids. They were just scared because he was breaking things. He’s never laid a hand on his family. The same can’t be said for others, he is dangerous when drunk, angry and provoked. You’ve seen his record, in and out of jail on a drunk a whole bunch of times, mostly when he was younger. Lately he’s been scared of failing health, scared of losing his job, scared of being out on the street. He’s back at the booze because he’s scared, and of course that makes it worse. If I had come to his door acting like the tough cop he would have fought. But he could see that I understand.”
“How did you know any of that? I thought he just wanted to mop the floor with us.”
“I found out about his situation by talking to him. But I could see that the anger was his irrational response to fear. And that he feared being inadequate more than anything else. Martin Crandall isn’t very good at providing for others. But he took that on and won’t quit. Rather than see himself fail, he would drive his family away, hoping that they find a better life than he can offer. “
“He didn’t tell you any of that. You’re just psychoanalyzing him, you’re just guessing.”
“Of course he didn’t tell me. He doesn’t even know that he’s trying to drive his family away. And if he thought for one minute that I knew what I just told you, he would punch me out, or try to. He has his pride, buried under all that alcohol. But my friend, Keith Vandenburg, can get him to see. I gave Martin his cell phone number. He’s got a lot on his plate already, but I know Keith will set Martin on the path he needs.”
“Who’s Keith Vandenburg?”
“The best shrink in the business, Gloria. I knew him in high school when he was the king of nerds and picked on by practically every bully in the school. Now he’s this amazing guy who knows things. He showed me about myself, and then, somehow, by helping me, he either passed on his gift in some measure, or else he helped me open it myself. I can’t get a straight answer out of Keith on that.”
Clover smiled and rubbed his five o’clock shadow, feeling a bit self-conscious suddenly to be talking this way with a woman young enough to be his own daughter. But partners working together either got to know each other intimately or they just worked together without having that. It seemed, after all, Gloria Stoddard was going to be someone he could talk to a lot. He had just had to wait until she was ready.
“You’ve only been doing this since you came back.” Gloria said it like a fact but it was a question.
“Of course. I met Keith again, after all these years, while I was on medical leave. I was still going to Doctor Sternheisel. It was funny – strange, not hah, hah. I went to the clinic one morning ready to take Sternheisel and his whole staff on, single-handed. You see, I knew I was right and that they didn’t know anything about me. All of that professional experience in a single room at the same time, and they didn’t know squat. But looking at them, looking at me, I suddenly could see each one of them in ways that they couldn’t even see themselves. I thought that Keith had put a spell or something on me!” (He laughed at how ridiculous that sounded.) “But I could see, for the first time in my life, that my attitude about those in Keith’s and Steven’s profession had been largely mistaken. At least in this specific place and time, Doctor Sternheisel has a first-rate outfit up there. He knows how to pick good people. So I changed my combative stance at once, like doing a one-eighty in two seconds flat. I went from self defense to non combat mode, instantly. I was so surprised at how it happened that I started laughing at myself. Then later I saw how ridiculous I had been to fight them. All I had to do was communicate honestly. Nobody was out to get me.  Nobody there is ever going to know what I know about myself, so let them assign their names for my malady and pronounce me cured and call it good. It worked. Here I am, again.”
“What did you mean, ‘I could see them in ways they couldn’t even see themselves?’ Are you saying you can see me in some fashion that I can’t see myself?” Gloria sounded skeptical, almost derisive. She was a hard, practical woman.
“Believe it, sister,” he said with a drawl. His look was inviting. Gloria flushed, surprised at the sudden shift to innuendo. She hadn’t expected that of him at all.
“That’s not what I mean!” she said with some heat.
“Then that’s not what I mean,” he said and smiled at her.
“What do you mean then?”
“I mean, simply, that I can read your soul and can tell something about you that God loves better than anything else. If you had any darkness worth the name, I could tell you about that too. But most people don’t have anything like an even balance or proportion of light and darkness about them. Truth is, almost everyone is just a darker shade of very, very bright indeed.”
“I don’t think you’re right about that. I’ve known some real rotters in my day. You are a lot older than me. How can you sit there and say that almost everyone is almost entirely good?”
“Because we are. Very few of us are so far gone in getting ourselves lost that we’ve lost the light that God created each of us with. And none of us has lost all of our light. None of us ever does.”
Gloria laughed. “Oh, my! You are a whole bunch of surprises, Gilford Clover. I never took you for a mystic. How many down at the station know this side of you?”
“None, that I can think of. That says something about you right there.”
The radio snapped them both back to their jobs, and they were off to check on another situation.
“So what does God love about me the most?” she asked.
We always ask the question, Clover thought.
“I’ll tell you that and anything else you want to know over dinner tonight,” he said with a smile as he drove the patrol car out onto Ninth South and headed west.
And he did.
NINE
The short version is that Gloria Stoddard fell big time for Gilford Clover.
It began that first dinner date, followed by talking into the wee hours at her place, and Gil gently refusing to sack out in the guest bedroom rather than make the drive across The Valley to his own house of empty rooms.
Following that they met after work more often than not. And Gil did use Gloria’s guest bedroom, until most mornings they went to work together. At the point where sleeping together was an open consideration, the potential fallout with Gil’s children was what prevented any passionate brushing aside of the consequences. Neither of them was sexually casual by nature, and neither one could take the relationship further without it being right.
In the midst of this adjustment of both their lives, the Chief split them up and reassigned them to other partners. Gloria was put with a man slightly younger than herself. Clover got another rookie fresh out of the academy. And life went on as before, with the sexual tension between Gloria and Gil building all the while. It was really somewhat exciting, all things considered.
But Clover’s children found their father’s romance disconcerting or even embarrassing. With nine children the responses to his “news” pretty much covered the spectrum from emotional detachment to meltdown. One of his daughters in particular brought up the inheritance issues. And Gil talked about that with Gloria on their next weekend. They were spending it together at her family’s cabin north of Camus.
“Cecilia brought up the ticklish legal issue of, well, issue,” Gil said with a wry grin. Gloria was onto what he meant instantly.
“What if we can’t have children at all? That would solve that part at least.”
“Would you want children? We haven’t talked much about that before. We don’t talk about sex at all anymore.”
“Do you want to?” she said teasingly.
“Talk? Hell no!”
“We are a long way from home if one of us feels the need to leave this late at night.”
“I can control myself,” he said, feeling annoyed and amused together.
“As long as I don’t push you too far,” she continued.
“You’re in a mood tonight, aren’t you.”
“Just following you, my dear man,” Gloria said, stretching on the couch, from where she watched him turning breaded chicken patties on the stove. (It was his turn to cook. Neither of them was that much into food.)
“You can cut that out,” he teased back. Her posture was calculated. She knew how much he admired her well-toned body. And he had already complimented her several times on how good her “upper structure” looked in close-fitting sweaters.
“Back to the issue at hand,” she said. She finished her stretch and got up and paced slowly around the livingroom of the cabin where her earliest memories as a little girl whispered from the shadowed corners. “If we do get married, and we do have children, then your first children’s inheritance gets shared and they won’t prefer that.”
“Putting it gently, yes.”
“In fact, in Cecilia’s case, we will probably be subjected to screaming fits.”
“Count on it.”
“If we don’t have children, which under the circumstances seems likely, then your children won’t have anything to get upset about.”
“I wouldn’t cut them out, but I wouldn’t leave you with little or nothing either.”
“I don’t need any of your estate, Gil.” Gloria’s independence asserted itself instantly.
“Need doesn’t have anything to do with it. I would want to give you what you deserve.”
“Your children don’t deserve to have their inheritance divided up between them and the new wife.”
“What if they end up with another sibling, or even siblings? You’re young enough to have more than one if we can have any at all.”
“Why borrow trouble?”
“That’s a funny way of putting it.”
“I mean your children. I’ve always thought that having one or two children would be nice. But I don’t have my heart set on it, Gil. It is late in the day for me too, you know. Forty-two isn’t the time to be thinking of children, in my opinion. If it happens, it happens, that’s all. Leave it up to your mystical Cause since She knows so much already.”
Clover had shared all his dream-visions with her before now. And his personal theology was what Gloria was referring to. And of how he always wanted something that wasn’t there. He had not dissembled with her. Gloria was a fetching-fine woman to look upon. And she was smart and opinionated and independent, all good qualities in his estimation. But she was not a soul-mate in the cosmic, eternal sense that he thought he knew was meant by those terms.
“But why worry about what’s out there?” he had said. “We’re here together and for now that’s all that matters to me. I don’t even deserve having you, and you deserve better than me.”
It was the only thing he had said that she didn’t believe.
“You can stop putting yourself down right now, my dear Gil,” she had said, and it was shortly after their dating had begun, and the first night when they both felt that they could go all the way with each other, but also separately decided not to. Nothing had been said but everything understood. Later, talking it out only confirmed what both of them wanted, complete commitment or nothing to do with sex. That had been even before any talk about possible children, and Clover’s emails between himself and his offspring about his new woman.
“You would take the risk? Clover asked. “And what if we did have a kid or two, what then?”
“Of course, I would want you to give them their share of your children’s inheritance. But you don’t have to leave anything for me.”
“The choice isn’t yours to make,” he said. “I will leave you with something after this anyway, no matter what happens between us at this point.”
“I don’t want any of that.”
“Doesn’t matter, it is already done.”
“What have you done, changed your will to include me, without telling me first?”
“Sure, why not?”
“Because we should have had this conversation before you decided on that.”
“You’re not mad at me, are you?”
 “Not mad, just annoyed.” She sat back down and looked away into a dark corner, running her fingers through her long brown hair so that he couldn’t see her face. The sizzling chicken steaks made the only sound for a while.
“Done,” he said. “Let’s eat.”
They moved to the table wordlessly and ate for a few minutes in silence. When their eyes met both were glad to see that the thinking going on was not the troubling kind. Clover swigged down his tumbler of water and then said:
“So back to the beginning, what do we do now?”
“What do you want?”
“I want you to get what you want.”
“And I want you to have me. But I don’t want trouble in your family because of me.”
“They are grownups, Gloria. And like all grownups, they have to not act like children. I’ve raised them well enough to expect that they will move aside and allow late-comers on the scene. Life’s full of surprises. I’m not putting you up as some new mother, just my woman and hopefully my wife, since that’s what we have both decided is best.”
“But is it?”
“Is it, what?”
“Is getting married what’s best?”
“Isn’t it?”
 “Maybe not.”
“I don’t follow you. It was your idea, you brought it up first.”
“I only brought it up because you’re so old-fashioned.”
“I’m old-fashioned!”
“Yes, dear Gil, you most certainly are. Like some kind of chivalrous knight with his lady-love. I knew that first date when we really made out, that if I let you go all the way you would. But afterward you’d never forgive yourself. To keep you, I had to not have you, understand?”
“You didn’t put it this way before.”
“See, you don’t know that much about me, even now. Your gift of ‘reading souls’ has its limits after all.” She chuckled and got up to put her dishes in the washer. He followed. She started the machine and then they both went outside to sit on the porch swing and watch stars through the pine trees. The evening was brisk, making snuggling essential and all the more welcome.
“Let’s have it this way,” she said. “We are married in the very real sense of the word, just not according to law. To us that won’t matter, because we both know what married means. I am only for you and you are only for me. If any children come, we can get married for legal. If there are no children, then we take this one day at a time until your mystical Cause separates us.”
“What do we tell everyone?”
“We’re married, as far as anyone is concerned. Why should they need to know more?”
“Why not just get married all the way?”
“Dear Gil, your children deserve it all. This way you can tell them that ‘the stranger’ in their lives isn’t cutting anything out for herself.”
“We could get a prenuptial agreement that says all of that.”
“I don’t like prenuptials,” Gloria said with a frown in her voice. “They seem so deliberately, selfish, somehow.”
“I know what you mean. It’s like we don’t trust each other to not pull some kind of fast one, so we have to secure legal counsel to prepare for the worst.”
“Exactly.”
“Isn’t that ironic, though?” he said. “We are committing to each other for the rest of our lives – literally ‘till death do us part’ – only without the mumbo jumbo legalese, which is supposed to make married people secure!”
“I feel very secure with you, dear Gil.”
She tilted her face up and they kissed deliciously for a long, long moment. Then without any further ado matters progressed apace, winding up in the cabin’s master bedroom. And there they spent the bulk of their weekend, as if both of them had been on some kind of starvation diet before and the feasting was now limitless.
But physical love does have its limits, even if anticipation likes to assume otherwise.
“Men half my age think of sex every fifteen seconds,” Gil said later as they lay together quite satiated, at least he was, that much he knew for certain. “Normally I probably think of sex every fifteen minutes. This is what I meant when I said, ‘you deserve better than me’. Now you’re going to have to give me fifteen hours before I can give you more of what you want.”
“You promised never to say that again,” she said and slugged him in the arm.
“What? What did I say?”
“That I deserve better than you. Don’t say that anymore.”
“Well in this regard it’s true.”
“No it’s not. I’m just being unreasonable.”
“Not for a girl your age, Gloria.”
“I am. I’m being shameless. And I don’t think you’re going to need fifteen hours. I’m going to go clean up and be back in fifteen minutes then we’ll see.”
She scrambled off the bed and shut the bathroom door. He could hear the shower going and her singing tunelessly, something resembling that, You make me feel brand new, song from way back in the 80’s, or was it the 70’s, he couldn’t remember. He sighed and looked down at himself. “Nope, all spent and quite comatose, she’ll see.” He felt rather good and altogether surreal. He didn’t care, at the moment, if he ever got another hard-on or not. And he’d actually nodded off before she came out all glistening wet from her shower. Laughing she reversed and climbed on so that he could get her at the same time.
After what seemed a long go and much earnest work, Gloria sat up and looked archly at him over her shoulder. “I guess you were right, this time. But don’t say anything about what I deserve or I’ll bite you!”
“Okay, I’m convinced. I’m the bestest of men in the whole world for Gloria-who-calls-herself-Clover.”
“That’s right and I don’t want you to forget it. And if you need reminding you know I can anytime you let me on this way.” She snapped her teeth meaningfully and grinned.
“Which means pretty much always,” he said, “since I am addicted to you already. If I’m giving you a good time, by all means, professor, carry on with what you’re doing, it can’t harm anything.”
She laughed and plopped down again, moving her head this way and that while he resumed his own ministrations enjoying himself enormously.
Time collapsed. And at some point both awoke facing the same direction on the bed, in which attitude they had fallen asleep from mutual exhaustion.
TEN
And so it would be, with numerous repeated times alone together, between cabin, her place, his house, hotels and taking vacations just for the excuse to get away.
That’s what Gilford Clover imagined as he drove back to Gloria’s place late Sunday night. He felt quite silly and good and hopeful all at once. He wanted the bench seat of his truck instead of the separated buckets of her little white Nissan, so that she could sit inside the crook of his elbow.
But first Gloria’s mother didn’t approve of her daughter’s choice of a “husband”. And Clover sensed that Mrs. Stoddard suspected something fishy about the “marriage.” He could tell that Gloria was anxious about her mother living alone in the large house that was showing signs of neglect because its sole occupant was frail, if not lacking means. Clover could see where Gloria got her stubborn independence from. One day the firm set to her mouth and brow would look as drawn and severe as the matriarch’s of the Stoddard clan.
Then the two of them didn’t fool the Chief. Before the week was out he had both of them in his office and made it clear that “living in” between officers was not condoned, which wasn’t news. They had just not thought their relationship so blatantly irregular to outsiders. The Chief told Clover that it was time to retire anyway. The department could use his abilities in interrogating “persons of interest”, if he was interested, but he would be paid on a case by case basis.
I’m being put out to pasture, Clover thought glumly.
Over the months that followed he did come down to the station often, but his presence felt out of step with the noise and bustle. It seemed to wash around him. Seeing Gloria on those occasions, coming in with her young male partner off patrol, increased Clover’s perception of himself as out of step with time and stuffed into a “waiting place” status.
That was the other thing, Gloria working while he waited at home or her place didn’t go down well at all between them.
It was perverse, how contemplating that if Gloria had gotten pregnant, all of this difficulty would have been largely smoothed over in the anticipation of starting a family.
They were still several weeks out from their “first year anniversary”. Clover and Gloria went to “their” bagel and coffee bar in Trolley Square on her day off. So far the dream vacation to be together hadn’t materialized, and increasingly Gloria was spending her time off work up at her mother’s house trying to stave off the inevitable day when Mrs. Stoddard would have to leave. The determined, eccentric elderly woman refused to consider strangers coming to much less living in her home. So, in-home care was out of the question. And Gloria’s suggestion that she move in with her mother was also refused. The commute to work would eat up most of three hours of each day and Mrs. Stoddard wouldn’t consider it.
“You could always quit, retire like me,” said Gil, in response to Gloria’s update of her mother’s situation.
“You’d like that, wouldn’t you?” Gloria snapped. And when he just looked down at his meal she said, “I’m sorry dear Gil. I didn’t mean to imply anything by that. I’m just so tired lately.”
“How did your physical go?”
“Fine. Clean as a whistle. Fit as a fiddle. The doctor told me to get more sleep.”
“Yes, let’s the two of us get more sleep, together, shall we?”
She grinned distractedly back at him and said nothing.
“Have you got your vacation reserved for next month? I need to email each of my kids and let them know when to expect us by.”
“Yes. That will be nice. I’m looking forward to getting away with you a lot.” She said it without animation.
They were quiet for a spell. Gil watched the meager Thursday afternoon trickle of mall visitors as they went in and out of the south doors. Gloria said:
“Gil, dear, I can’t have you over to my place tonight.”
“Why not?” He asked as casually and calmly as he could manage. The disappointment was keen. They had been getting together less often lately and he was worried that they were drifting rather than bonding. He didn’t know what to do about it. Every time he thought of the young male partner being with his “wife” each day he felt an unpleasant urge to break things. It was jealousy, and envy of youth, and fear of loss, and the uncertainty of the future. He didn’t doubt Gloria’s feelings for him and kept his irrational negativity to himself.
“I have to drive up to Mother’s this evening. She called me today just before we left the house and said she wants to talk to me, alone, and not over the phone.”
“It’s about us again, isn’t it?”
“I am sure it is.”
“Have you told her that we’re not legal?”
“No, I would never do that without talking to you first.”
“Maybe you should. But maybe I should be there too.
“You are the best thing that ever happened to me in my life, Gloria,” he added suddenly without any forethought. She stared at him. “I wish I could convince your mother of that but she scares the crap out of me.”
“I think sometimes that I do too, scare you I mean.”
A self conscious smile teased at the corners of his mouth as he looked away. “Well, maybe just a little,” he said quietly. When he looked up she was grinning fondly at him.
“Mom and I are more alike than not.”
“I’ve noticed.”
“Don’t worry, dear Gil, she knows better than to try and talk me out of what I want.”
“And what is that, now that we’ve been giving each other a whirl for the last year?”
“As always, I want you to have me…”
“But?”
“There is no but.”
“I can practically hear your caveat, Gloria. What is eating at you?”
“You are mistaken. I feel the same for you as ever.”
“I don’t doubt your feelings, my dear girl. But I came along late and you are your mother’s daughter.”
“What do you mean by that?”
“I can see that your loyalty must be to her above any other person on earth.”
“I can do both.”
“Maybe, maybe not. She’s not giving you much of a choice, is she?”
“You think Mother is manipulating me?” she challenged.
“We all manipulate, Gloria. We can’t help it. I am trying to manipulate you now. There, I am as honest as the day is long.”
“You are a pain in the neck. I can take care of Mother without letting her monopolize the rest of my life.”
“What happens when your mom can’t take care of herself anymore? What will you do?”
“Cross that bridge when it comes.”
“I think you’re already at the threshold. Your mom isn’t capable of taking care of that huge place, and she won’t allow live-in help, not even from you when it means that she’s a burden. But if you quit your job, you could move in and she would welcome that.”
“I won’t quit my career.”
“See?”
“What?”
“You’re out of options. Your mother is going to have to move into a retirement community.”
“She won’t, ever, do that, trust me.”
“You are proving my point, You will have to move in with her. And she won’t let you unless you don’t need your job anymore.”
“I haven’t explored all my options yet,” she said after a pause to get her thoughts back together.
“What are they?”
“Maybe one of my nephews could attend Utah State and live with Mom and look after her at the same time.”
“You are snatching at mirages, Gloria. And even if you did get a relative to come it would only be a temporary delay. What happens when your mom needs professional care? Not even you can provide that.”
She blew up suddenly. “I’ll deal with it! You don’t have to worry yourself over any of that. I don’t need you being like my father!”
He sat back and kept his eyes on her face. Gloria flushed and looked away, angry and embarrassed. It was the first time that their age difference seemed to matter and it wasn’t good.
“You’re older than Mom is,” she said.
“We’re both old, but she’s older,” he said. “Years don’t make the difference as much as blows. And your mother has taken about all she can stand. She’s almost done.”
“What are you, a palm reader now? You don’t know what you’re talking about. Mom is healthy as a horse. It’s just that damned house and yard, they’re killing her slowly. It’s too much.”
“I agree. So what’s the answer? What are you prepared to do?”
“I don’t know. Let’s talk about something else, shall we?”
They got up and wandered about the mall thoughtlessly, talking about little and nothing of consequence. Gloria was counting down to when to say good-bye and head for Wellsville.
Clover stopped and his head snapped to attention. “Did you hear that?”
“What?”
“That! Someone is using a shotgun!” He turned and ran out of the shop into the hallway. From around the corner came a volley of loud echoes. Gloria was right behind him. Once out of the clothing store and its pop music the gunshots were unmistakably occurring inside the mall itself.
“Do you have your handgun?” he asked as he walked briskly toward the corner.
“No, I don’t, it’s in the car.”
“Swell.” He had the .45 out of its concealed holster in a two-handed grip pointed down at the floor. He snatched a quick look over one shoulder and down the hall and then back to Gloria’s flushed, wide-eyed face.
“What did you see?”
“Nothing yet. I think he’s gone into one of the shops. The shooting is a lot quieter.”
They could hear pops now. Clearly a handgun was being used. Screams began then and came closer. Several terrified patrons ran past them making for the outside doors.
“Watch my back,” he said, and Gloria turned around to scan the inquisitive faces appearing in the hall and coming toward the sounds of disturbance.
“Everyone, stay back,” Gloria commanded. “We’re police officers.” Most of those nearby obeyed and started for the doors, but some hesitated, peering around them to look toward the faint sounds of shooting and screaming. “Everyone get back and leave the building!”
Gil moved around the corner then and stayed close to the wall at his right. As he passed the shop fronts he paused to glance inside each one and check each doorway swiftly and moved on. Gloria moved with him, watching his back as she had been ordered to. Those patrons that she saw she warned off. Some faded back inside the shops and others headed down the hall for the outer doors. Hysteria was mounting as the panic spread.
The hallway ahead showed two bodies that Gil could see. One was covered in blood and the floor was shiny with a pool of it spreading. He took station at a pillar and waited to ascertain from sound alone where the assailant, or assailants, might be. The shooting and screaming came from the shop ahead and to their left across the hall. Then the screams and shooting ceased. Clover argued with himself about moving into the shop, but it was so risky. The door would be covered by those killing inside and he would have to orient while they had him cold. But if he stayed here there may be others in the shop that would die. Gloria was at his back, snatching glances over his shoulder but mainly watching the shops and hallway behind them. Never, ever again, she was saying to herself. I’m never going to leave my piece in the car again.
The gunman came out. He paused in the doorway and looked left and right, not seeing them behind the pillar yet. He was young, probably not quite twenty, swarthy, maybe Eastern European. His body was draped with shotgun shells in bandoliers and he held a pistol in his right hand and a semi-auto, pistol-grip shotgun against his body with his left. Another handgun was stuffed in his waistband.
“Police!” shouted Gil and leveled his .45 with both hands around the pillar. Before he could command the youth to disarm the shotgun was roaring and the pistol cracking. The glass behind them fell adding to the cacophony. Gil had ducked back around the pillar immediately, swearing spasmodically under his breath. Gloria was crouching, momentarily stunned into total defense.
Gilford Clover waited until the noise died away and then risked a peek around his pillar. The gunman had retreated partway down the hall to another pillar. Gil cracked off several rounds to establish his armed status. He was, however, seriously outgunned and would be out of ammo long before his antagonist if it came down to a firefight.
Gloria was on her cell phone calling 911, then calling the station direct immediately after. “They’re onto it,” she said and watched Gil’s back.
“The police will be here soon, give yourself up, now!” shouted Gil. Silence answered. He looked around his pillar again, both hands out steadying his .45.
He saw a dark head wearing a black woolen cap, a shock of wavy black hair escaping over bright hazel eyes. It was like being confronted by one of his sons. That was odd, because his children were all fair complexioned.
“Ditch the hardware and get on the floor with your hands behind your head, now!” Gil shouted. The shotgun roared three times, then the handgun from around the other side. The gunman was ambidextrous and his weapons were deployed around the pillar. Gilford Clover withdrew again. The shooting stopped.
“This isn’t good,” he said to Gloria who continued to crouch in the shelter of the pillar out of his way. “He could rush us while I’m blind. Then he’ll rampage and kill many people before the police can get here.”
“What can we do?”
“Nothing, with this,” he said indicating the pistol. “Before he rushes us, I’ve got to get close enough to confront him face to face.”
“That’s crazy! He’ll just kill you!”
“We’ll be shot up anyway if he rushes us. I can’t outshoot him.”
Without further words, he handed Gloria the pistol. She reached up and took it and then stood. He smiled at her.
“I’m coming out,” he called. “I’m unarmed now, see?” He held his hands out where the gunman could see them then stepped out from behind the pillar.
The muzzles of the shotgun and 9mm handgun pointed at him from either side of the pillar. The hazel eyes and drooping black hair were behind the handgun.
“We should talk,” said Gil as he walked slowly toward the gunman, hands well out to his sides, like a waiting embrace.
The look in the hazel eyes was unbelieving and fearful. What Gil had seen as a son was now a son looking at his father. And the son hated his father. The youthful gunman lowered the shotgun and stepped right away from the pillar. Both men faced each other now in the open. The 9mm handgun pointed straight at Gil’s face. He didn’t see that. All he saw was the eyes behind it.
He smiled, feeling affection for the boy, for his boy. His embrace came closer. The youth felt the hatred and fear for the father who had raised him to fear and to hate then disappeared from his life long ago.
“No!” he screamed and dropped the shotgun to empty the magazine of his handgun at the man he had dreamed about for years.
Gilford Clover was knocked to the floor instantly. He felt only blows striking him and no pain. He was looking at the ceiling. There was a cosmic roaring building in his entire nervous system, like a titanic freight train rushing down on them all.
His fading vision was filled with a tear-streaked face. The last thing he did was smile reassuringly, he hoped, at his boy…
All a stricken Gloria Stoddard saw was dear Gil on the floor with the gunman kneeling and weeping over his body. Before she even recollected that she was holding the pistol, the youth reloaded his own weapon, wrapped his mouth around the muzzle and pulled the trigger. His body collapsed upon Gilford Clover’s.
ELEVEN
“I’m not Gilford Clover,” he said to himself. There was always the same disorienting moment of self-recollection, before moving on, into the mind of the dreamer.
He seemed poised in the Void between stupendous, multicolored nebulae. His bare feet rested on a meadow, inside a bubble of perfect atmosphere. A few massive trees stood here and there glistening in the vivid sheen of that night sky. The light from the surrounding nebulae disallowed any definite shadows. It was the perfect spot, for dreaming.
While he paused there he had the countenance of Gilford Clover still. But he knew that it was the stuff of dreams. He knew that his sleeping body lay on the Home planet now and he was waking up. For the first time, he could see his way Home. It was as if taking one step he would be there. He could see himself in a bedroom under what would be an open sky but for the thick mass of tree bows overhead.
Before he relinquished the vision of this dream place, he looked around and took it fully in. Nearby was the youth, sitting with his back to him in the meadow of grass and flowers, gazing up at the stunning vista of cosmic light. From his preoccupied posture, it was evident that he had not seen Gilford Clover. The youth would be weary of the place soon and would sleep again. And, sleeping, he would dream, to awaken in yet another world. His time to return Home was not yet.
All of this took but a long moment, like holding breath. Then the last connection to Gilford Clover was shed, like dropping raiment in the grass, and you took that step toward your body. The nebulae fled in an instant…
THE FIRST SHALL BE LAST
You awoke yet again, as always in that mundanely familiar place where you had paused countless times on your way to the next “dip” in mortality.
There was the bed beneath your unclenching fingers. Above you stretched the canopy of thickly leafed bows, the blue sky only visible down at the edges where the open latticework of the walls almost reached the ceiling of leaves. Birds called like a symphony as the dawn of another eternal day met your weary eyes. The very air stirred like life compared to where you had been. But it never changed and nothing ever happened to intrude on the monotony. That place of exile was very conducive of sleep, which of course was the whole purpose.
You lay there for a long moment, remembering the life just lived, the dreaming of a single night’s passing. The gunshots seemed to echo still in your mind. This death was good, perhaps the best yet. You shuffled through the impressions, the memories, searching for the missing piece, but nothing signified.
 All about you seemed the same at first as the other times. But then you recalled the brief transition when you had been in the bubble, surrounded by the nebulae, after dying and just before coming here. You had seen Home, not some place of exile again. And now with that recollection, this felt like Home.
You turned away from your unconscious contemplation of the band of sky beneath the leaves, and rolled onto one elbow, preparing to rise from the bed.
The difference, this time waking, was the man in white sitting across the room, watching you as if he had been there on some kind of vigil all night.
First One said, “I have been with you – I have been you this night. Every lifetime that was yours I too have lived. If you will, the way Home is open to you now.”
He stood then, and you felt him depart from your mind. Until he did that you had not even been aware of the connection. Smiling, he bowed his head in farewell and left you to contemplate the changes.
As the ultimate act of free will you had invited First One to understand, so that finally you could be healed. The time to choose had always been up to you. And you had been the one to make it take this long.
The most profound accomplishment and gift of your existence was that brief, that simple and that pure.
You would always remember how it was, to flail in feckless anger at the dark. How sometimes killing could even seem to be expedient and justified. But killing was always a sign of profound misdirection. And now the remembering was as though from some other place which no longer confined and confounded you. It was very strange, almost like having been some other person for a brief time, now that it was done.
The thought came. I wonder how long Nova has been waiting. She will be glad. And after that you could think of nothing else except everything about her.
Outside, out under the swiftly rising sun, you could see the mountains off in the distance. The last time you had seen that range – from the other side where the valley of named Children was – Nova had been trying to engage The Others in the symphony of the spheres.
In all your dreaming you had been looking for her and she had never been with you. This realization was instantly the most palpable lack and must be answered.
So you went to the Sun and searched where you had awakened to The World and Nova had been the first Child you had seen. She and the Sun’s heart were inseparable. But the Siblings of the Sun you met said that she was not back Home yet. That was unexpected. Why would Nova, the one most pure in heart you had ever known, still be gone?
When you asked him, First One would only say that Nova was working out some answers. But he would not let you see her or even tell you where she was or what she was about.
“Nova is choosing to have it be this way, Harvey,” he said.
You had to take First One’s assurance with faith: that Nova was engaged in her own quest that she loved you above Existence itself and that she would return. 
The First Siblings were busy helping other generations of exiled Children as they learned in their dreaming how to value Joy above all other treasures. You saw many of your Siblings sleeping. How they dreamed themselves into roles to provide opposition, even apparent evil, following the new generations to where they went in exile – to be with them and help them as they learned what Joy is. First One encouraged you to get involved too.
And for a season you did try. You played the various roles, of lost children, starving children, sick children, dying children. Of other loved ones suffering and causing suffering. Of nameless adversaries who came and went, lying, stealing, pillaging, reaving, slaying. You even played devils. Each time that you went back you hoped to find Nova there also. But she was not in any of the places you went to, nor concealed in any of the myriads of people that you met.
And each time you returned, hoping that she had come Home while you were away, disappointment was what you received – until disappointment became dulled to the level of insensibility.
And you felt a creeping discontent again, not unlike before the exile. Except that now you had knowledge and would not ever do or say or be anything inimical to the peace and Joy of The Home World. This discontent was your personal burden. Home was incomplete for you.
And so after your decision to stop teaching you left and came out here to the Void. And here you have remained for mortal eons…
The World had its beginning. And now it had its end.
Of all the names, noble, grand, lofty, common, tender, nonsensical, the first and the last was Harvey.
She came to you and found you enmeshed in a trance so profound that it was almost akin to annihilation.
Nova quickened you with that name:
“Harvey.”
And your eyes opened to her unaltered glorious beauty, visible by its own inherent light: her flashing eyes, her floating hair, but you did not close your eyes with holy dread, but instead met her eyes with yours, and her kiss and embrace. Without any words you joined as naturally as the first time upon awaking together to Existence in the bosom of the Sun.
The symphony of the spheres played in your core being and increased in grandeur until your entire body felt shaken almost apart with it.
This was Nova!?
And then she told you everything:
Upon shattering you and the dark fallen woman, who had called herself Fire, Nova had found herself exiled to the dream-world. She had encountered pain the instant her soul experienced that dreadful anger that had driven you forth. And although she had not required any further demonstration of how to lose Joy, nevertheless she had not returned to The Home World to stay without you, waiting. Rather than that, she chose to be with you without your knowledge – because that was required for your best mutual interest – and she had ever, and constantly, steered your path with her desires for you.
When you had been healed and your wisdom made full, yet one thing remained. You had to finally give up struggling seeking questing after her. You had to want annihilation more than Existence alone. And that was when she knew that the final decision had come.
“Do you want to be with me forever, Harvey?” she asked.
It seemed like the simplest of affirmative answers was obvious. But you hesitated, because of a lingering self-doubt. How could she want you forever?
And that indecision was the undoing of The World.
It was only then that you noticed the spark of the Universe was no longer twinkling, an impossible span of Void away. All was now utter Void and blackest abyss, except the two of you. A warm, pale light emanated from your bodies.
“What has happened?” you asked.
“You have been given the ultimate gift of free will, Harvey”, she said.
“I can cease to be?”
She nodded solemnly and her laughing-sad eyes never left yours.
You saw something new in their depths that drew you as never before. And it also unmanned you: ALONENESS.
“You, you are, God!”
“I AM,” she said simply, speaking with Nova’s voice, your woman-child lover from the first Sun.
“If I choose to not be…” you faltered.
“I will always be I AM. I can never cease.”
“But, that means you would be alone. How can I change that? You have always been alone.”
“I made The World. And I made Children with free will. Once they were free to choose I no longer did anything but watch. Times without number I have sent Children from myself to live as free will Beings. In all of my making I have been alone, and it is this making that I have done to escape being Void. It is better to make Light and Life in The World than to be alone in the Darkness with Nothing. Yet everything was still part of me. It was all only mine, and there was no One to be with Me.”
And her words awakened an answer to the mystery of Eternity. You asked the singular question on your own:
“If I stay with you does that mean that you are not going to be alone anymore?”
“Yes.”
“How is it done?”
“The whole World of my making has been for this purpose, to bring all things together into One Being who comprehends what it is to be alone, to be Void. You now understand. For in your dreaming and living you have ever and always been alone – though never forsaken! Here in the Void with nothing and no one but me to talk to, you can understand at last a terrible loneliness that never ends.”
Nova-God said that she would annihilate you if you wish. “You will only remain as a memory to me. And the Being, Harvey, will not exist.”
Instead, you said:
“I would never choose to make you alone. If my Being is enough to ease your pain, even by a small measure, I will be with you forever.”
She opened her right hand then. And in the palm glowed the twinkling spark that you had seen, the entire Universe, reduced to a mere grain of fire. You felt drawn to it.
“Is that all that’s left?” you asked.
She nodded then looked up at your face. “Without purpose, everything eventually chooses to cease to be. Joy only lasts forever if you enjoy it. Your Home World without purpose became Void. I sent no more Children to this Universe that you are the center of. All of The Siblings in your Home World wearied of existence and chose sleep.”
“I didn’t see any of that happening,” you protested.
“It happened because you left.”
“I caused it?”
Nova-God said: “You withdrew to the Void forever. You exercised free will and rejected your Universe. That is why no more Siblings were given to it.”
That sounded like she described you as criminally negligent on a cosmic scale. But instead of judgment Nova was only stating a fact. Of things as they had always been done. Somehow you knew this without any explanation.
“I think I understand,” you said. “The Universe, just my Universe, would cease to be if I chose that. The other Children will continue if they choose?”
Nova smiled.
You said, “It seemed like forever that I was out here, until you came. But now it seems like everything has happened without any way to reckon the time. How long has it been?”
She lifted one shoulder and dropped it in the eternal gesture that means, How do I explain something that even you cannot comprehend.
You tried to explain it. “Here, where I am, waiting, there is no space-time. So my question has no answer in the context of my existence.”
“That is good enough,” Nova-God said.
“What about you? Why do you appear to me as Nova, when she has vanished away with The Others?”
“I gave only First One all my thoughts,” she answered. I AM Nova. We are One.”
“That makes sense. You are Nova for my sake.”
“Yes.”
“So my whole Universe is gone. And all that remains is me.”
“And Nova also.”
“You didn’t choose annihilation!”
“Only if you did so, would I choose to also cease to be. And I AM would be alone. I AM will always be Nova for you, and you will always be Harvey to me, because I gave you that name in the beginning and it is the name I love best. My universe has joined with yours and we are One.
“Now, watch this!” She laughed with the Sun’s voice and swallowed the grain of fire.
A riot of colored shooting stars erupted from her mouth, nose, ears and eyes. More and more, a veritable flood of sparking lights issued from her loins, and then began to emerge faster and faster from her skin pores and the ends of her floating hair. The symphony of the spheres burst out around you like a flood.
As this phenomenon was occurring, you were seized with ultimate desire and went to her embrace, joining again and again and again, and you lost count of how many times or for how long.
There was an end to it, but only when The Home World was renewed.
“God said that there would be a New World born before the old one passed away,” Nova said.
You were in each other’s arms, touching as if it was like feasting, all unconscious and drawing sustenance from each other.
All around you spread The Home World of planets and spheres, the Sun flaming in the midst of a solar system bigger than a galaxy, and the blackness of the Void beyond it all, enfolding The World in an embrace wider than eternity.
“Where do you want to go?” you asked.
“Lead the way, Harvey,” She said.
And you went at once to the Sun where the two of you lingered alone for a delicious, measureless space of time. Then you went to the Home planet. Everything was new – the same yet different, for no New World is ever exactly like another, though it takes a God to tell and appreciate the difference.
And you two were alone together. There were no Others yet. But there would be and they would be Nova’s Children of Light, fathered by you.
Later, as you lay together beside a stream that rushed with singing waters, and it had only been the first day, you asked Nova-God:
“How many times have you done this?”
“Without number. I don’t like being alone.” And her answer opened your mind to a view of an infinite concept.
“Can I meet others like me?” you asked.
“If you wish,” Nova said: “Or not, if you wish. The choice is always yours, My Love…”
RESET
In the wee hours, Karen got up with the baby but I went swiftly back to sleep. It was daylight the next time I woke up. And I had done some serious dreaming in between.
Karen’s back was toward me and she was nursing Cecilia and hadn’t noticed that I was awake yet. I closed my eyes and lay there pondering.
My first conscious introspection after noting my surroundings was to say to myself, now that, was interesting. Aside from the instant disappointment of it all obviously being only a dream there was the reality of it too.
In my lifetime I’ve had maybe half a dozen “real dreams”, the kind where upon waking I remember the details and can recall them always after that. These rare dreams are like empirical memories of real places, people and events. This last one topped them all (and it really is the last one, so I suppose by now, as it’s been over twelve years since the one I am talking about; and the only dreaming I do now seems to be either the forgetful or silly kind). But I had to think about it for a while before I said anything to Karen.
I had seen myself as an old man again, only this time I already had the other dreams under my belt. And I was alone again in this dream for totally different reasons. Two dreams of a future me, and neither one of them favorable. Neither one something to look forward to. What was up with that? Was God trying to tell me something about what being alone would mean? Was s/he telling me that loneliness was self-inflicted? God knows I’ve been fighting this for years and it has seemed pretty hopeless, I said to myself.
Karen shifted in bed and changed sides, facing me. Cecilia between us thupped away contentedly on the second breast. And I continued to luxuriate in the total relaxation that comes with waking up from profound sleep. I didn’t move a muscle and I kept my eyes closed still.
I had noticed the difference in Karen since the emergency C-section over a year ago. She had almost died on all of us, on me. Recovery had been steady. But her emotions seemed tapped. This I ascribed to being near death and coming back. The fiery temper of the past seemed consumed in this preoccupation with getting well and taking care of the baby. Even with those two important tasks, Karen still made me, “us”, first priority.
But as I lay there that morning, glad for a day off from work, the dream intensified my discontent rather than soothing it or adding understanding. I wondered how much of it I would share with her.
Karen got up and put the baby in her crib in the bedroom next door. Then she visited the bathroom for a lengthy stretch and I felt my own bladder and impatience. When she came back to bed she gave me that placid-tired smile and said, “Good morning dear, I love you.” “I love you too”, I said quickly and took my turn in the bathroom. The bowels were slow and I read from the bathroom book (my current read, or I should say reread, was one from the Hugh Nibley collection; but it was boring me because I had already gone far along the path of religious discontent. Nothing I read anymore enlightened or edified).
By the time nature gave me permission to get up the dream was already reduced to a longing for the eternal soul-mate. The details had been too many to keep in my consciousness. I was left with an indelible impression of infinity and intimacy intermingled in a She whose face and exact form were somehow masked from scrutiny. I guessed, from the lack of memorable details, that my first impression had been mistaken. This wasn’t one of those dreams after all, just a silly piece of self-torture.
Nevertheless I shared some of it with Karen in bed when she asked: “So, what’s on your mind this morning?” (If I’ve just awakened from dreams or with otherwise profound imaginings, her invitation to talk first nearly always gets me started.)
“I had this weird realistic dream. You know the kind, where after you wake up you could swear that it was just as real as being in the here-and-now.” I paused.
“Tell me about it. I love hearing about your dreams.” She snuggled against me so that she would hear my voice with her right ear against my chest. Thus, encouraged to continue, I launched into it.
“I saw myself alone again. Only this wasn’t the same. All the kids were grown up and moved away. But I was a retired cop, so that detail can’t be right. But everything else was in place. You had really fixed up the yard with a water-feature and everything, like you’ve always talked about. Plants were taking over the yard.”
“I thought you said you were alone,” she interrupted.
“Yeah, I was. You had been murdered.”
“That’s awful!” she said. “Are you wishing me out of your life?” She was teasing me. But a silent part of me wondered if she wondered if I was.
“You can stop that kind of talk, my dear,” I said. “There isn’t anything enticing about the picture of myself that I saw. I was wandering around this house and outside, and everything was running down, weeds in the perennial flowerbeds, dusty rooms with undisturbed stuff in them. I lived in maybe three rooms of the house and the rest of it just sat unoccupied, left like it had been when you were there, when you were here.” I paused again.
“That sounds very sad,” she said with a muffled voice.
“Yeah, pretty depressing alright. But then I died-“
“How did you die?”
“-I got in a gunfight with some disturbed teen who was shooting up Trolley Square and he shot me when I tried to talk him out of what he was doing.”
“So you got your wish. You went down shooting.”
“He shot me. I wasn’t shooting after I tried to talk to him.”
I had to fill in further details for context, which introduced Gloria. And of course Karen interrupted to say:
“So you weren’t alone if you had Gloria as your girlfriend.” She sounded interested and vexed at the same time by then.
“No, she was my wife.”
“You said you didn’t get married.”
“Not legally, but we both agreed that our relationship was a marriage. That’s what matters. That’s what defines fidelity. The paperwork can’t create a fidelity that isn’t there to begin with.”
“True,” Karen said. When I didn’t resume at once she said, “Go on.”
“Besides, going out shooting is choice number three, remember. I have always said that I would like to die in my sleep, and my second choice is to die having sex.”
Karen laughed. She laughed at almost everything I said, which was part of the difference between the post-op Karen and the way she had been before the near-death experience.
I tried to explain my dream relationship better. How I was still lonely at home and frustrated with Gloria being at work so much of the time. How her mother got in the way of our relationship, etcetera. Karen listened silently and I could tell that she was tense. But I was mistaken at the time about the reason. It wasn’t worry or jealousy or suspicion or any of the dark motivations proverbial to possessive women. Rather, she was feeling some kind of subconscious connection to what I was saying. At least that’s how I understand it now twelve years later.
After that protracted and feckless diversion to clear things up, I returned to the confrontation in the mall that had resulted in my death:
“So I died and had all of these memories of everyone I’ve ever been rush on me. I can’t possibly remember all of the details right now. But when it was over I saw heaven and Jesus Christ told me I was redeemed and could come home.”
I related details of the home world. And of how it seemed so real and was so much more infinite than the Mormon doctrine of heaven that it must be true. Then I paused to see if Karen would say anything. She surprised me:
“What happened to Gloria?”
“How do I know, I died. I guess she cried a lot and got over me.”
“That would take some doing and a long time,” Karen said seriously.
“Was I there waiting for you?” she asked.
“In heaven?”
“Yes.”
“No. I didn’t see anybody that I knew in this life.” (And I deliberately avoided any mention of the eternal waiting in the Void, or of She, the soul-mate who waited for me and was my true Savior. As I was describing those other parts of the dream, part of my conscious mind was still trying, and failing, to get a clear glimpse of She. The harder I strained the more distant the whole relationship seemed to become.)
“That can’t be right,” Karen objected. “Are you sure that this dream is telling you anything truthful?”
“I don’t know. Do the details have to be literally true for a dream to be instructive?”
“I guess not,” she said, raising her face so that I would kiss her. It was a very good kiss and led to other things.
I don’t recall sharing anymore of that dream with Karen. But here’s the odd thing about it. I haven’t forgotten anything after all. In bits and pieces it has all come back to me over the years. And I wrote it down recently, much of it anyway. Only I made it out as fiction because, well, who could believe it in the first place? I believe it, that’s all that matters.
In a strange mood, I once asked Karen pointblank if she is my soul-mate, and she laughed and said, “Of course, silly, how can you ever doubt my love?”
And that’s all I ever got out of her. But what remains unsaid behind those words is the mysterious and wonderful part. Karen is different than she was before the near-death experience. Of course it could be that her changed emotional state – akin to a changed personality in many ways – is just physiological – the C-section, the following emergency operations, getting older and all of that. But the changes in Karen aren’t explained to me by those things. Even though I have tended to retreat emotionally over the years, Karen reaches without ceasing across the gap between us that I create. Patience was never a virtue with the old Karen. Patience is almost another name of the new Karen I have lived with ever since Cecilia was born.
It feels very strange. But as I look back on it, the soul-mate is there and has been there ever since Karen nearly died. It has just taken me this long to realize that the dream over twelve years ago is probably no dream at all. Instead my mortal life since then is a reset. Everything before that happened is colored by what has come after. So I don’t remember the way Karen was very well anymore. Which is okay, actually, because it often wasn’t the kind of relating that I want to remember.
I think that my soul-mate wants to share one mortal life together. And she picked this one, the best of the lot….
Other books by Merlin Douglas Larsen:
Raising the Conqueror http://www.smashwords.com/books/view/119157
In the Image of their God http://www.smashwords.com/books/view/117536
Jackals In Iron http://www.smashwords.com/books/view/109091
