

The Riot Party



by TRELAWNEY

Smashwords edition

Copyright 2011 Trelawney

Smashwords Edition, License Notes: "This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only.  This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people.  If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient.  If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy.  Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author."

This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places and incidents either are products of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously. Any resemblance to actual events or locales or persons, living or dead, is entirely coincidental.


"the best truth that I have been able to think"


Contents

Prologue
Part I  Roll-Call
Part II  Mid-Terms
Part III  Finals
Epilogue


PROLOGUE


BREAKFAST IN LA, proclaimed the headline of the Daily Student, in all its obscene, mocking glory.
Yesterday morning, continued the story, a student was shot on the way to breakfast, and died in the arms of a friend. The incident occurred a few blocks from the Auditorium, the university’s flagship residential project downtown. The assailants have not been located, but a vehicle containing at least four black men was seen to accelerate rapidly towards South Central shortly after. This seems to have been the only casualty of the riots among the university community. Your Investigative Reporter contacted the L.A.P.D., who confirmed they will treat it as a homicide, but say they are totally busy at the moment.
"I just don’t understand how someone could write that," said the Director of Residential Life. "Could we say it wasn’t the real student newspaper? It looks a bit crude."
The jagged edges of the headline suggested a dot-matrix printer. The rest seemed the product of an actual typewriter, the columns cut and pasted below, then photocopied onto several folded foolscap sheets. 
"It was quite widely distributed," said the Assistant Dean. "I gather the regular print shop was closed. Look, I agree it’s tasteless. But surely a student being shot is more important?"
"We don’t have any control of students getting themselves shot," said the Director. "But we’re supposed to be supervising their newspaper. And this student journalist actually lives in that building? What was she thinking?"
"I don’t know. Maybe they didn’t get on. Why don’t you ask her?"
"You expect me to speak to a student? I can’t see the board renewing the project after this. We could survive a student being shot, but not students laughing at students being shot. And what are your esteemed resident advisers doing about it?"
"Looking for new jobs."
They both pondered morosely.
"Well," said the Director, finally, "at least that only leaves one person I have to fire."
Reddening, the Assistant Dean fiddled with his bow tie and stared at the newspaper folded on the desk.

PART I - ROLL-CALL
***
"Do you think you could hit the homeless guy with this bottle?"
They looked over the low wall at the edge of the roof, ten stories up. Although the sun had yet to rise, the floodlights around the empty parking lots made it easy to see him down below, beside his shopping cart. There was no smog as yet, no mist in the air, and no morning chorus.
"Down there?" said Greg. "It’s difficult. You’ll have to get the angle right."
"Well, if there’s a roof, someone’s going to jump off it. Or throw something from it. Or something else like that. That’s what they say..."
Tugging a blazer pocket laden with change off the ledge, Greg turned round.
"Who says that?"
"Some Russian, I think?"
"Was it in the film?"
At this suggestion Jonathan visibly turned up his nose, tilting his head back and flaring his nostrils. After five hours watching robotic dancing in a confined space he had a headache and felt slightly dizzy. His t-shirt was drenched in sweat, clinging to his body and making him shiver in the dawn air. Drawing his jacket tighter, he raised the lapels. But its worn cashmere did not help much, despite the stylish leather elbow patches.
"You’ll be asking me to throw myself down, next," he said.
"Yes! Go on then," said Darjeeling, the third member of the group, named after the only tea he condescended to drink. He peered down with difficulty through the small, orange lenses of a pair of white, plastic spectacles. "I’ve never met anyone who’s jumped off a building."
"There may be a reason for that," said Jonathan.
"But start with bottle. Would it fall faster if we finish the Red Label first?"
"It would hit a bit harder," said Greg, "but I guess the guy’d be more grateful to get it."
"Don’t be silly, it would break."
"Then he could lick it up."
"What, from the sidewalk, mixed with the public urine?" said Jonathan. "That would be sick. What a waste. Here, I’ll drink it."
"You’re such a fag," said Darjeeling. "Why don’t you run around the ledge, all around the roof, right now? Isn’t that what you really want to do?"
"No," said Jonathan.
"OK, watch me," said Darjeeling. Jumping onto the ledge he did a sort of pirouette, and then stepped down, panting slightly at the unaccustomed exertion.
Greg was unperturbed by the sudden escalation of the conversation. He looked back over the ledge. 
"Look, I can time you. One minute to run all around the edge!"
"Oh, shut up," said Greg.
"You would need a bear, too," said Jonathan.
"A beer?" asked Darjeeling.
"No, a bear to dance with on the ledge."
"Oh, I have some bear spray," said Darjeeling.
"There aren’t any bears downtown," said Greg.
"No, I have bear spray," repeated Darjeeling, affecting puzzlement.
"Maybe the homeless guy is hibernating," said Greg. He pointed to the shadowy figure slumping against the eight-foot, chain-link fence that defended the parking spaces from furtive, desperate defecation. The homeless man was sitting on refuse sacks full of his possessions, with one arm linked through the handle of the rusty shopping cart packed with yet more bags. He was a feature of the block as prominent as the Auditorium itself. Known as The Owner, it was rumored he had signed over the deeds to the building in a contested divorce, or for a phantom oil well in MacArthur Park, or simply on one last cut of the deck.
"Quite beautiful, how he stays there, in a loyal way, if you think about it," said Jonathan, nodding sagely again. "And I will have the last few drops, if I may."
"Sure you don’t want a clove?" asked Darjeeling, producing a thin brown cigarette from a silver-effect holder. Jonathan waved him away.
"Fags don’t smoke, I guess." Darjeeling applied a matching lighter to the cigarette and inhaled deeply. He sat on the ledge, staring glumly at his moccasins dangling over the street.
Jonathan finished the Red Label in two gulps. "We’ll have to get them some more tomorrow," he added, gasping.
"So, you want to help us recycle that bottle?" Darjeeling looked round, tapping some ash into the void.
"I don’t think that’s a good idea," said Jonathan, but handing it over anyway. 
"Here we go again!" said Darjeeling. He stood up on the parapet, swinging the bottle back and forth, judging its weight. "One, and two, and three…" he twisted as though he were throwing a discus, and then released the bottle by the neck. It swung upwards, arched lethargically, fell and shattered on the sidewalk. The homeless man stirred slightly and looked up. But he didn’t move away. 
"You were about six yards off, I think," said Greg. "I can’t really tell."
"Get down," said Darjeeling. A helicopter roared past over their heads, shattering the peace. Then it vanished behind a tower, suddenly as it had come.
"This is a strange place," mused Jonathan, as they crouched there together. 
"This is a boring place," said Greg. "We should get women."
"Yes! A good raping!" said Darjeeling.
"Not the first thing that comes to my mind," replied Jonathan.
All was quiet again. It was not usually that easy to get on the roof. The lift needed a special key to go up to the top level. Since it was an actual mechanical key, the computer scientists could not hack it. But there was also a stairway that had always been padlocked, until the previous afternoon, when Teresa had raised a "fire safety issue", and the lock had been removed.
So, despite having lived there the previous semester, it was the first time they had been on the roof at night. To the north the downtown skyscrapers stretched granite-faced, amidst floodlights, hoardings and still-burning office lights, like a desktop pot stuffed with multi-colored pencils and highlighters. The buildings shone brightly, but were empty inside. Around these lay unfinished stumps and anonymous office blocks. To the east, once elegant structures rotted away, not much bigger than their own, choked by slogans in a sinuous Spanish. One whitewashed wall proclaimed in brown over fifteen stories, Coast Savings and Loan. South and west, cheap, brick warehouses lay close to the ground. Curious wooden shacks sprouted on the edges of parking lots, as though a JCB had just missed them and would return later. The palm trees were frondless. Pickups bravely left along the roads were equipped with strong suspension, central locking, and fluffy dice.
"Were you really trying to hit that guy?" asked Jonathan.
"Don’t know," replied Darjeeling. "If it happened, it would have happened." He fell silent, and yawned, stretching his arms behind his back. "But you handed me the bottle. Aiding attempted assault with an offensive weapon. How many new things have you said ‘yes’ to now?"
"Would make it, uh, nine," said Jonathan, reflecting that after the first it had gradually got easier. He started to shiver again. He wished them good morning, heading towards the stairs to get ready for class. He had to teach at eight.
***
"So you actually agreed to the screening of this film in the Auditorium?"
Teresa had gone red. She sat opposite her two bosses, the Director of Residential Life and the Assistant Dean, her knees pressed tightly together, in the administration suite on campus.
"I didn’t totally agree. The flyer said it was a foreign art film, from the 1930s."
"It’s a famous Nazi propaganda film," remarked the Director. "It was even advertised in the Daily Student. Look here," he jabbed his finger at an inside page of last week’s campus newspaper, turning it towards her on the table. "There’s the title, Triumph of the Will. Didn’t it ring a bell?"
"I’m not that familiar with Nazi propaganda films," said Teresa.
"Well, that sounds reasonable enough," said the Assistant Dean, stroking his beard.
"And it doesn’t actually say that. The title is in a foreign language," said Teresa, encouraged.
"On the other hand, Triumph des Willens is German, and quite similar to the English," said the Assistant Dean. "English is a Germanic language."
"Well, if you’re so clever why didn’t you stop it," retorted the Director. "You live there too, don’t you?"
"I didn’t see the notice until afterwards," said the Assistant Dean, not entirely honestly. "Anyway, Teresa is the one paid to do things. I just advise. Who set the notice on fire?" he added, to change the subject.
"I don’t know," replied Teresa. "The Nazis, I suppose."
"Why would the Nazis set their own notices on fire?" asked the Assistant Dean, trying to lighten the atmosphere. "Surely it would be the anti-Nazis?"
"Who cares who it was, fascists, anti-fascists, Jews, Koreans...?" shouted the Director. "Look, do you know how much it costs to rent that parking lot opposite the building, so your little storm troopers can park their BMWs?"
"I don’t know," said Teresa, puzzled. "Quite a lot I guess. But we’ve never screened Star Wars." 
"Quite a lot is right. And do you know what we had to pay the city to re-route the tram so it goes past the building and down to the campus? Even though your students all seem to prefer driving from that same, newly fenced, parking lot?"
"They are our students," reminded the Assistant Dean. "And I think perhaps we’ve covered the main points now. Tell me, Teresa, how are we getting on with the open door policy?"
 "Right," said Teresa. "We started the all-dorms open-door initiative last month. Hopefully the students will get to know one another better. So they’re not hiding away all the time. We took the automatic closing things off the doors."
"But didn’t we just say you had a fire there last month?" said the Director.
"Not really a fire, just one of the noticeboards. It’s right below the smoke detector."
"So you think it’s a good idea to take the fire protection off the doors?"
"Oh, I see what you’re getting at. I didn’t think of it like that. Well, we checked the fire exits were all OK. You think we should put them back on?"
"Well, I am truly sorry," said the Director. "But yes, I think you should. We don’t need any more scandals there, OK? I don’t want to see anything else in the paper. The LA Times picks stuff up from there. And we need some sort of initiative to put the project back on the map. Otherwise the administration will close the place. And without the Auditorium we’ll need one less Residential Life Manager, won’t we?"
"I understand," said Teresa.
"And what sort of events do you have planned? The non-Nazi ones?"
"Well, we have a gaming evening soon."
"A gaming evening? You mean like Scrabble? Really! And we need more cultural variety there. I met your team of resident advisers, and they don’t have variety."
"There’s Kurt, he’s European."
"I mean ethnic variety. Where’s he from in Europe?"
"He’s German. So I guess, Germany? Or maybe Austria."
The Director hit the table with his fist. "Well that’s a surprise, isn’t it? Next term, I want a proper roster, you understand? Something that celebrates Los Angeles."
"Leave it up to me," said Teresa. "An initiative, and a new roster. I’ll try to think of something."
"Thank you, Teresa. I have no doubt it’ll be good, OK?"
Teresa nodded and exited quickly. She headed to the campus parking structure, then reconsidered and made for the tram stop. It would look better if she travelled back with the students. Her car would probably be safer if she left it on campus, anyway.
***
After arriving on campus at about seven, and having peacefully finished a coffee and muffin in the central cafeteria, Jonathan ventured to the basement classroom where, as part of his scholarship, he was leading undergraduate discussion groups. It was about the third week of the spring semester, and his second time teaching the course. He had never been able to establish what the staff of the US Embassy in London, handing over his visa, had found so amusing about traveling to Los Angeles to teach Saint Augustine to freshmen. Nevertheless, Jonathan judged his classes a success if no-one walked out. Being almost entirely nocturnal, he was not so much an early riser as an early sleeper. He always liked to teach at eight in the morning, and go to bed shortly afterwards. This had the advantage of minimizing student enrolment, but brought an increased risk of classroom coffee spills. A senior professor had advised him always to carry a roll of tissue for this eventuality. So Jonathan bore within his briefcase the most absorbent type of kitchen roll he could find that was not embossed with an awkward floral pattern. The class was one third small Asian girls claiming to be business majors, many of whom never spoke, yet stared at him unerringly. But he had not followed a more junior colleague’s advice, and also brought Vaseline.
He usually found the girls quite difficult to tell apart, other than on racial grounds, particularly when they were so inconsiderate as to change their clothes, which seemed to happen quite often. He had done a roll-call the previous week, but dared not do it again in case they realized he didn’t yet recognize anyone. This morning one vaguely familiar Caucasian student was dressed in an ankle-length, low-cut dress with lace frills, as though she were taking the medieval theme rather too seriously. Her hair fell in black ringlets. She said there was a Renaissance Fayre on campus later in the day. Jonathan felt himself reddening as this slight but milky white cleavage rose and fell, conspicuous between the light brown Asians and radioactive orange sorority girls. He considered making light conversation about the authenticity of underwired bras in medieval England, or indeed of her braces. But these lines of approach both seemed to pose difficulties. 
In the front row sat two extremely stocky and muscular black men, with gold chains around their necks, in t-shirts and shorts, although the air-conditioning in the windowless basement made it colder than outside even at this time of the morning. They stared him down, but smiled at his jokes at the right times. The other men in the class were uniformly spotty, lanky and short-haired. 
Four of the students were eating: one nibbling a muffin; one chewing noisily on an apple smuggled out from breakfast in one of the dorms; one breaking a bread roll. The fourth had actually brought in a bacon cheeseburger with tomato slices and barbeque sauce, which he was holding under the textbook and biting into whenever Jonathan turned to the board. A likely coffee spill was teetering on the arm of a chair at 11 o’clock, where the student appeared to be nodding off.
Jonathan’s mission was to elicit good discussion about Ancient and Medieval History, and Philosophy. Since the students knew nothing about Ancient and Medieval History, nor Philosophy, this was not at all easy. He had spent the previous class giving background information about the Roman Empire. Somewhat to his surprise, several girls had been inspired to volunteer comments on the Roman taste for dormice, though their main concern was the health implications of eating them deep-fried. He wanted to move on to the New Testament as soon as possible, since with luck someone would talk about Jesus and he could be quiet. But the class always progressed much faster on the schedule than in practice.
"By the way, what town in Italy did you say the Romans came from?" asked a spotty boy at the back of the room, without warning.
Jonathan considered his reply carefully, in case the students had planned this and were waiting to see how he would react. Or was it possible the Romans actually originated from some town further downstream, and, unbeknownst to him, but common knowledge among the surfers of Southern California, had ridden a mighty bore to that place on the Tiber?
"I think that was Rome," he said warily, pausing for a volley of laughter. But there was none; a few students making notes, most staring blankly, and the boy who asked the question nodding calmly, pleased at having been noticed by the instructor.
As the students filed out, Jonathan was still pondering this exchange. The girl in the long dress came over.
"Hi, I’m Sarah," she said, introducing herself in the open, American way. 
"I’m Jonathan."
"I know who you are! You know that essay you wanted us to write about Augustine, and his attitudes to women? Well, I looked at his book, and there’s not much there about women."
"You read his book? You mean the Confessions? He wrote lots of books. Why don’t you see how he treats the women in his life – I think he mentions his mother, and his wife."
"Oh, OK," said Sarah, retreating.
"Generally," he stopped her, "it’s good to see what people do, not just what they say."
"I guess so," she said. "And by the way, what is his thing with Hippos? We were thinking in the dorm."
"Augustine was bishop of Hippo. It’s a town in Africa."
"Oh, right," she said, and left, white breasts and all. He fancied she was a little deflated by his apparent lack of interest in her outfit.
Jonathan picked up his papers, which were spread purely for effect, since he always spoke from the top of his head. Was there really a town in Africa called Hippo? He had no idea. Yawning, he went up the stairs and crossed the campus to take the tram back to bed at the Auditorium.
***
Teresa stepped up onto the same tram. Early classes were finishing, and more students than the Director might have imagined had boarded. The driver was playing slow soul music, with a deep and rich bass. She sat on the bench seats at the front, next to Wendy, a Chinese girl she recognized from the kitchen alcove in the basement. There were a couple of hotplates there, which Wendy used to prepare her noodles. She was the only one who used the hotplates. The other residents who occasionally felt the urge to cook for themselves had bought microwaves for their rooms. Teresa was thinking of taking out the hotplates, actually, as a recent inspection had suggested fire retardant cladding should be installed in the vicinity, which would involve some expense.
"I just love the smell of your cooking," said Teresa. "I wish I could cook with you, but I really don’t have the time."
"It is just noodles," said Wendy. "I chop up a fresh tomato when I can afford it."
The cooking alcove was just across from the main dining room, where the other students, on mandatory meal plans, gorged on all-you-can eat buffets. 
"Why don’t you just get someone to activate your meal card?" said a short, wide, black woman, panting up the steps at the front. "Hey, Teresa, how you doing? Give us a hug..."
Teresa froze in alarm for a moment. "Hello, Odette," she said, then angled her torso slightly, in mute invitation. Odette gave her as full an embrace as was possible to someone sitting on a bus, pressing first her left cheek and breast against Teresa’s left cheek and breast, then the same with the right. She sat down, squeezing into a space by the two of them, just behind the driver, grinning as though rather pleased with herself. She seemed to feel no need to give a similar hug to Wendy.
"Don’t you have your sorority car?" she asked. "Is it bust?"
"No, it’s fine, Odette," said Teresa. "I like to take the tram when it’s just up from the campus, it saves my gas."
"So, are you going to pay?" asked the driver, turning round. He was also black, and also quite large. Teresa noticed a sign posted in the window above the rear-view mirror "Tips are an essential part of a driver’s income", then realized he was speaking to her.
"Oh, sorry," she said, searching for a quarter in her bag, and not finding one. Wendy handed her a ticket, which Teresa took and dropped in the fare slot.
"Isn’t it supposed to be free for residents?" said Teresa, as the driver closed the door and pulled away.
"That was last year," said Odette. "Now we need ticket books. But I don’t take it much too. How can they call it a tram when it’s a 1950s school bus?"
"They bought it temporarily when the first students moved in, four years ago, I guess 1988. But it’s still going. It’s quite stylish. A bit retro."
"Style! Uh-huh. My Ford is in the garage. I got Jose to tow it to this cheap dealer and this little Korean comes out the front, waving and shrieking ‘Get shit off lot!’ Then we towed it to some Hispanic grease monkey, hey, isn’t that a strange expression? Girlfriend, why don’t you invite me to your sorority? I can do the cooking and the cleaning," she said, pronouncing cooking and cleaning in what might have been a Midwestern accent.
"I’ve a different status now, so I’m not there much," said Teresa, shortly. "You don’t have to do cooking and cleaning either, they can do that themselves. They do have a lady to help them, actually."
"You mean you got you a black mammy to look after you? Hey Dave, aren’t I good at that cooking and cleaning?" she turned to the driver.
"She sure is, Miss Teresa," said Dave, stopped at a light. "Why, she done cooked and cleaned my house from the top right down to the bottom, and my wife, she’s been ashamed to set foot in the place ever since."
"So won’t you give me a lift in your Golf, Miss Teresa," asked Odette, rolling her eyes and pursing her lips beseechingly.
"Of course," said Teresa, shortly.
"Do you like my hair short, I’m thinking of getting it long and dyed blonde."
"It’s fine as it is."
"I gonna get me some hair extensions. Then I’ll fit in more. So are you going to get Wendy here a meal card? She’s so thin and hungry looking."
"I can’t afford a meal card," said Wendy. "My grant hasn’t come through, and I do not know how much I will get." Her board and tuition were supposed to be paid by a charity set up to support Chinese students following the Beijing massacre (although she had never been to Beijing), but they had not yet actually sent the school any money. Until then, someone had decided to put her in a spare bed in the Auditorium.
"Well, now you’re friends with Teresa, she just has to initial something with her Waterman’s and she can get you a card, can’t you Teresa?" Odette patted Teresa on the leg encouragingly.
"I don’t know about that," said Teresa. "I’ll look into it. It’s certainly strange to put you there without any food except dry noodles."
"Do they have that little sachet you can tear open for flavor?" asked Odette. "I like them. But why don’t you just pick up some food from the buffet when no-one’s looking?"
"I don’t want to get thrown out," said Wendy.
"You gotta look after this poor girl, Teresa! She gonna starve herself in front of our eyes! Get her some meal points!"
"I said I’d look into it," said Teresa.
The tram passed white-painted mansion houses, their gardens and lawns disfigured by cheap concrete apartments for students and the mentally ill.
"Is your sorority one of those big houses down there? You want to get off for some frozen yogurt with me?" Odette waved at a store at the end of the street, where a gaggle of young women had stopped for their morning cup.
"You want to entertain the locals at the same time?" Teresa flicked her head in the direction of a small collection of recovery and delivery vehicles parked across from the store, in which the workmen sat goggle-eyed, slurping coffee and munching donuts.
"Oh, look at that poor lady," said Wendy, as a middle-aged homeless woman emerged from behind a Carl’s Junior sign, wiping blood from her thighs with a fistful of free newspapers.
"God, that is so disgusting," said Odette. "I can’t believe I just saw that. It’s put me off barbeque sauce for life."
"You’d certainly think they could stop them coming so close to campus," said Teresa.
"You can’t stop them!" said the driver, pulling away, and enjoying their discomfort. "They keep getting closer and closer. It’s like attack of the zombies. Thriller! I got that CD here. Man, I hate waiting here under this freeway bridge, I always pray, Lord, not now the big one, not now!"
Teresa stood up as they approached the Auditorium stop. "Well, it’s been nice talking to you," she said.
She waited in the stairwell as they came to a halt and descended first, striding across the road. Odette eyed her up and down as she walked away.
"Humph," she said to Wendy. "So sweet. But she shouldn’t have worn those white pants today."
***
Teresa made her way up to her office in the Auditorium. In the highest of the oak-paneled function rooms, it lay just below the residential floors, and was partially divided into two by a dark wooden partition set with stained glass. Her desk was in the section away from the door, and stood at right angles to the window. She said hello to Greg, already manning the photocopier in the outside office, and told him to switch off the ghastly marching music. Settling down, she stared across the parking lot, with its nice silver fence, drumming her fingers on a sheet of blotting paper in a leather holder. 
She opened her personal organizer. Her uncle, a priest back in Cork, had once advised her, in his quietly lilting voice, to place a Bible on a lectern in her bedroom, and read a verse first thing every morning. And always to carry a pocket version, for comfort in times of stress. She had followed this advice, but used a Dayrunner in place of a Bible. Whenever she was nervous she flipped backwards and forwards through the organizer, searching for appointments she could schedule more efficiently. It seemed to her that leadership was essentially a question of time management. After some thought, she made an entry on her to-do list.
 "Could you call that English guy, Jonathan?" She raised her voice so Greg could hear.
"Call him?" replied Greg. "I don’t think he has a phone."
"What do you mean, he doesn’t have a phone? Get them to fix the phone. Go up and see if he’s there, I want to talk to him."
Greg took the lift to the seventh floor and woke Jonathan, who had returned on the same tram and gone straight to bed. He came down ten minutes later in a dressing gown, yawning, his hair uncombed. Teresa examined him disapprovingly, then decided to proceed.
"Hi, it’s really great to see you, Jonathan. We’ve not chatted for ages!"
"I don’t think we’ve ever chatted," said Jonathan. Greg retreated.
"I’m going to improve the publicity for the project. We need more column inches, you know? I heard Prince Charles is really interested in architecture. It was in Newsweek."
She brandished a copy, the relevant article having thoughtfully been circled by the Assistant Dean.
 "So can you see if you could get him to visit? We got Stephen Hawking last year."
"Stephen Hawking was here?" asked Jonathan, in disbelief.
"Well, you’re here aren’t you? Why shouldn’t he have been here? He really liked the building, apparently. But didn’t say much. So, can you get Prince Charles, do you think?"
"Well, he hasn’t rung recently," mused Jonathan. Greg, listening outside, stifled a chuckle.
"I really think he would be interested in seeing our project. It is the construction, well not the construction, the renovation of something really, like, interesting here downtown."
"Oh? What’ll I say’s so interesting about it?"
Teresa tried to remember what the Assistant Dean had told them a few months before.
"You know. We have this elegant fin de whatever hotel, classical façade, nicely refurbished, with antique furniture and everything, super theater, dome and roof. It is an ideal residential environment for upperclassmen and graduate students. It creates a stimulating and challenging intellectual, uh, environment for the university, and helps to renovate the downtown area."
"Lights, camera, action!" added Greg.
"Thank you Greg," said Teresa. "That is right for once. We get links between the business communities and the business school, and between the law courts and the law school. Students show leadership in the downtown area, even in charities with the homeless and Mexicans, I mean, Latinos."
"I’ve never seen a homeless Latino," said Jonathan. "But how will this interest Prince Charles? Wouldn’t he be more interested in the real LA?"
"What do you mean, the real LA? I’m real, and I’m in LA. And so are you. You aren’t being very supportive, Jonathan. Who’s to say it’s not historically significant if we say it is, especially when it is too. By the way, would you like to be a resident adviser next semester? I might have a vacancy coming up."
"Would I have to advise people, then?"
"Uh, that is a possibility, yes. But it’s nothing to worry about. We’ll pay your rent."
"You already pay my rent. What, you mean as well as my scholarship?"
"Yes, it would be good to have someone like you on the team."
"Someone like me?" asked Jonathan, rubbing his eyes and yawning again.
"Yes, someone from Oxford, it shows the connection to the European colleges the project is, like, copying."
"Cambridge, actually. Anyway, I don’t know if I’ll be here next year. I’ll think about it."
"OK. Now don’t forget Prince Charles, will you?"
"No. I’ll, uh, be right on to him."
"Thanks Jonathan. I knew I could count on you."
Vaguely aware he was being dismissed, Jonathan left, raising his eyebrows to Greg on the way out.
Teresa flipped a page in her Dayrunner and literally ticked the box beside the entry she had made minutes earlier. She noticed that the flap for her business cards was still empty. They had offered her some free cards at the University Bookstore, but she had not known what job title to use. If things went alright, she might well be promoted, and quite fancied being Assistant Director of Residential Life Management and Associated Services. It would be difficult to go higher than that without doing a Ph.D., which would be a drag. 
Now, diversity among the advisers. She tapped the second bullet point with the nib of her fountain pen. Jonathan would be good to mention, being from Cambridge, but he wasn’t diverse enough, being white. Though he did have grimy teeth. Who was diverse and from Los Angeles? Or at least American?
 She looked down the Auditorium roster. There were the three Indian-looking engineers who never spoke to anyone. Were they from the US? For Latinos, there was that weird psychologist. But he was Brazilian. Did they count as Latino? There was Max, but he was drug dealer. It was hopeless. Of course, there was Odette. She was not exactly a wallflower, though never went to anything either. Maybe she could be developed. 
"Could you put on another pot of coffee, Greg?" she asked, resolving to ask the advisers for some recommendations.
***
Darjeeling came down to the basement for dinner the next evening, sitting by Jonathan and Greg. They were chatting to a surfer-dude, Casey, who would flick his long blonde hair back over his bronzed shoulders whenever he began to speak. It was apparently a formal night, since a young but bald violinist was imitating Stephane Grappelli on the stage, accompanied by a ghetto blaster producing an insistent snare drum with a tooth-edging high hat. After a brief discussion of the new velvet drapes installed around the room to dull the noise, they began to review their careers. Darjeeling was surprised to find that their guest considering the vagaries of the surfing life not as setbacks, but opportunities.
"And then," said Casey, "I got a job washing dishes at a family restaurant in the Ozarks. I like to smell the mountain air."
"But what sort of worthless failure of a thirty year old would do a job suitable for a schoolboy, saving up to buy his first car!" said Darjeeling, voicing the opinion he had so often heard from his father. From a wealthy Persian family, that had emigrated to New Jersey via Switzerland a decade before the revolution, Darjeeling père had married an Italian American, and had sent his son to high school near Geneva, apparently so the fees could be paid directly from a Swiss bank account without risking a tax bill. Though Darjeeling had often wondered whether their accountant could not easily have found some way to send him to Eton, or at least a nice prep school in New York State. 
"Don’t ask me," said Casey, "and in fact I enjoyed serving those meals, when I got promoted to serving person, that is. Many of customers were day trippers, parents and two kids, out for the weekend."
"Yes, but what about yourself? Didn’t you want a proper job?" asked Jonathan.
"What do you mean by ‘a proper job’? There’re whole sections of the economy that totally subsist on part-time or seasonal working. What about the people who teach skiing in Colorado, in the off season? Or the people who bring them food? They migrate from the snows to the surf, shacking up here and there, drifting from job to job. It’s natural. Do you know how to surf?"
"Possibly, but I’ve never tried," said Darjeeling. He prided himself on witty repartee. At the university he was sometimes considered brilliant; and despite knowing he was actually only quite smart, was happy to cultivate the mystique. With a pasty, rounded face, double-chinned before its time, and rather large stomach, he dimly felt that he did not compare well to the surfer, in the physical sense. Usually he wore a crumpled jacket, but this evening he had gone for a bulky, long-sleeved sweater, since his shirts were all un-ironed. This also helped to conceal his lack of upper-body definition. He started to polish his glasses on the table cloth.
"He’s right," added Greg. "Musicians, they always drift from job to job. Like in the construction industry. But in the military, you can make great friends. Friends for life, I mean. That’s more important than a career."
"But where are these friends of yours?" said Jonathan. "I never see them."
"Well, if my car breaks down anywhere, I know I can call on my buddies. They are, you know, always faithful."
"Your friends are people you can call on if your car breaks down? That’s interesting," said Jonathan. "But I don’t have a car."
"Well if I had a car," said Darjeeling, "I would have the triple-A."
"You’re right," conceded Greg, ignoring Darjeeling. "I haven’t spoken to any of them since I left the marines. But in principle, they are my buddies. Which is more than you get as a stockbroker."
"Like when we meet people here," continued Casey, "we see people from all paths of life, and they are living, and like learning together. We don’t have an elevator or a rocket pad on the roof they go into the wider world from. So, what did you do?"
Teresa stepped up onto the little dais at the front of the restaurant. She wore a short black dress with a purple bow in her hair. It did not really match her complexion, which was pale and slightly freckled.
 "People!" she said. "Quieten down. We have some announcements. Tonight we have the gaming evening. Don’t forget! At the weekend we have the conference on the history of one of the minorities of Los Angeles. It is the Gay and Lesbian minorities this week. There will be parties, and beer for those of you with I.D. I hope you are all going to turn up. Now, we want to install some school spirit. Do you all want a bit of school spirit! Take it away, June!"
"Haaaaaay!" cried June, a short girl with long blonde hair. "Now, you all want to hear my spell-out?"
The room fell quiet in expectation. 
"Well here you are then!" She started shouting, spelling out the name of the school, ending with a strange jump and scream, while waving her hands in the air.
"Well, I was a financier," said Darjeeling, ignoring the commotion, though having to raise his voice to be heard. "I was pretty good. I loved those computer accounts. Handling other people’s money. But I gave it up. My dad’s paying for some pre-med courses. That’s why I’m back in school. Though we’re still discussing living expenses."
The other resident advisers followed June with their spell-outs, each trying to scream even louder. 
"You could say I got fired," continued Darjeeling, starting to shout. "Well, I had differences of opinion with a lot of my employers, you know. I saw a guy I worked with a week ago. He said, ‘How’s the biz, old boy?’ He didn’t even know I quit. If they don’t even know you’ve gone you may as well not be there!"
"But basically, you were fired, weren’t you, and blacklisted around town, and San Francisco too. Isn’t that right?" laughed Greg.
"Could you guys shut up?" said Teresa, annoyed. "We’re trying to do spell-outs here."
"Why don’t you shut up yourself?" said Darjeeling, selecting his eponymous tea from a small wooden tea bag holder. "You’re disturbing my dinner. We’re having a deep philosophical discussion on the meaning of careers. Well, I guess you could say that," he added, turning back to Greg. "But I didn’t do much work there anyway. What’s the point, if they’re paying you?"
 "Now, then, OK!" shouted June, and the RAs moved into an even stranger, synchronized chanting routine, wiggling their rears and jiggling their hands. The violinist tried to provide a harmonic line, though clearly unprepared.
"Climb on our shoulders," said Teresa, trying to grasp June by the thighs.
"Get off me! I’m not doing that," said June, pushing her away.
A small Indian professor at the end of the table stared at the display in bemusement. "Is this some kind of dance troupe?" he whispered politely, turning to Jonathan.
"But didn’t they stop paying you?" continued Casey, still curious.
 "Well, they did eventually, but it took them six months, and that was when I had formally handed in my notice. But sure, when I was working there they were paying me, quite a lot. It was a big company…"
A trumpeter came running in from the elevator, brandishing his weapon.
 "Oh my God," exclaimed Darjeeling, "he’s not going to play that down here, is he?"
The six RAs stood at the front of the dais, pumping their right arms and making curious "V" signs as the trumpeter straightened his back, took a deep breath and blared away in the enclosed space.
 "I think I need a cinnamon tart," shouted Darjeeling. The Latina from the till, carrying a large tray of pastries, approached their table.
"Hello?" she shouted back. "You guys, eat up the pastries. Here’s a nice one for you, Jonathan. We got to get rid of them. There’ll be more for this evening. I don’t want a load of sticky tarts going stale on me!"
The RAs started to sing something, to trumpet and violin. 
"I’ll sure take a huge tart with cinnamon," said Casey.
"Hey, by the way, then, what are you doing now?" asked Darjeeling.
With blue eyes twinkling over his piano-white teeth biting down on the pastries, Casey replied, "I manage a supermarket."
"How do you have time to manage a supermarket if you’re studying?" asked Darjeeling.
"Well, now I just work checkouts mainly. In the evening."
"So why did you stop managing?"
"Well, I felt I needed some time on my own, you know, to do my studying. And checkouts are therapeutic, isn’t that right?"
The checkout girl nodded. "That’s right. But they can be tricky sometimes you know, the new ones."
"Glad you said that!" affirmed Casey. "There’s nothing like a cash till to space you out, with customers standing there and all. That’s why I really want to be a manager, or something instead."
The RAs trooped out, to very scattered applause.
"Are we going out to Joe’s place again, after?" asked Greg, bored with the conversation.
"So what’s with this Joe’s that I don’t know about," smirked Casey.
"Oh, it’s just Joe’s, that’s all. So are you going to eat all that tart?" said Darjeeling.
Teresa was touring the tables. "Why do you always have to mess it up?" she said, approaching Darjeeling. "If you don’t want to show school spirit, at least you can let us show some. Well, are you guys all coming to the gaming evening? First floor lounge. Quality gaming on all tables. All the best people will be there. Tonight was formal night for dinner, actually," she added, frowning again at Darjeeling, but taking no notice of Casey.
"All the best tart eaters hopefully!" added the checkout girl. "I’m catering!"
"Hey, and no decaf this time," added Greg. "Last time we ran out of coffee after an hour and only the decaf was left. I was almost asleep by nine."
"All the best losers will be there you mean," added Darjeeling, "but sure we’ll come, I guess. Any other women turning up? I can’t believe you’re wearing that bow with that dress."
"Well, if you’re there, how can’t there not be any girls there?" said Teresa. She passed to the next table.
"You know, what sort of chick spends her time organizing Scrabble evenings?" Greg shook his head in mock sorrow. "She could be taken down a peg or two, if you ask me."
"Can you guys pipe down, I want to hear the violinist!" came a voice from another table. Teresa produced a disposable flash camera and started taking photographs of the violinist, the ghetto blaster, and the Assistant Dean, who opened his mouth and stuck his tongue out playfully.
The guys finished the tarts and went out for cigarettes.
***
Odette had spent the evening making phone calls from her room, and was starting to feel a bit hungry. She remembered she had seen a notice in the elevator announcing the gaming evening. Entering the elevator to check the location, she stepped out again and took the stairs to lose some weight. Exiting the stairwell on the first floor, she saw "Gaming Evening Here" printed on a piece of paper with perforated edges, the work of a dot-matrix machine with fading ink, attached with tape to the door of a function room she had not previously visited.
Inside, a few dozen residents hung out in small groups, absorbed in various gaming activities. The room was oak paneled, but had clearly seen better days. Heavy drapes fell over the windows; the carpet had once been luxurious, and still looked fine in the corners of the room, but was worn and threaded in the center. Dusty photographs of depression-era Los Angeles hung in grimy frames. A green, felt notice board titled "And where we all come from!" was attached to the wall with new bronze screws. It bore seven postcards, three balanced precariously behind the rest, perhaps due to a shortage of drawing pins.
"Hail Odette!" beckoned the Assistant Dean, stroking his beard with the other hand. "A bit late, but no fear, join our roleplaying group will you? I see you as the illustrious illusionist of Inglewood!"
"I fear not, my good friend!" smiled Odette, picking her way over a large map on the floor, where hundreds of tiny cardboard counters and figurines, units of long dead armies, fought imaginary skirmishes. Unbrowned youths, some pasty and thin, others red and flabby, knelt in dedication over the counters, taking care lest they exhale abruptly, all the while dicing, calculating percentages, and exclaiming incomprehensibly, their rears protruding into the air.
"There is no God but Allah," ventured Odette. One diceman looked up from his crouching position, glared, and returned to his study of something resembling a loose-leaf binder of logarithmic tables.
"It is an unexpected pleasure, good to see you!" exclaimed the Assistant Dean again. "I am your Gaming Master for this evening. And what can we offer for your gaming pleasure? So roleplaying is not to your taste? Then perhaps a little board game, here in the corner; like snakes and ladders, but with underground tunnels!" He gestured towards several students giggling around a desk covered with a board game, alongside a tray of pastries filled with strawberry and lemon jam.
"Or perhaps the traditional appeals to you? Cards? And in the corner, chess?"
The room was divided in two parts by a large central bar, where soft drinks bottles and coffee thermoses were placed. On one end a small plastic roulette wheel spun, little chips teetering beside it on a green cloth roughly marked with a chalk grid. "Always the red, never the black!" said Darjeeling before each turn, sitting on a high stool, his counters following his advice. Greg spun the little wheel with mock seriousness, announcing "Les jeux sont faits" in a passable French accent. Next to them several young women were playing cards around a coffee table. Teresa had persuaded them to stop playing Hearts and turn to her preferred game, which she called the real Hearts, though to Greg it closely resembled a game he had formerly played called Spades, but using the Hearts as the Spades. Wendy had picked it up fast, but June was less interested. She tossed her hair from one shoulder to the other, looking at Greg and Darjeeling casually, before turning back to play a card. She tried to slide closer to them along the sofa, but Greg absent-mindedly shifted his stool further away. June was not at all sure how she had managed to end up in a card game without any men present.
At the other end of the bar a lanky couple peered down at a tiny magnetic travel backgammon set. Beside them several of the half-dozen resident faculty were discussing important socio-political issues, two with small children playing around them.
"Odette, pull up a chair!" cried Max, a Latino with a protruding jaw. He and four other students crowded around a tired card table, apparently designed for gin or bridge, one of them gathering the cards from a baize torn by key scratches and marked by cigarette burns.
"How long have you been playing?" enquired Odette.
"There’s only one card game, and it never stops," replied Max. "We broke for the afternoon though."
"You didn’t even bother to shower," interjected June. "I can smell it from here."
Max scratched his chin. "I guess my so tasteful shadow will turn into less than tasteful sideburns, if I don’t get a shave soon," he said, rubbing his cheek so the bristles scratched against his knuckles.
"Why can’t I get the cards?" lamented the white-haired dealer, red faced, with a pudding-bowl haircut. "I got no sleep this afternoon either, there were demonstrators at the fashion college opposite my window, chanting, ‘save our park’, crap, crap, crap." He rocked to and fro on his chair, his jaw clenched, his lips pulled away from his teeth.
"There’s no room to pull up a chair anyway," Jonathan pointed out, fiddling with his chips.
"I played with those guys for two and a half days straight last weekend," warned Darjeeling, looking across from the bar. "I lost three dollars fifty."
"But you were up like seven dollars at one stage, weren’t you?"
"Well this is a heavier deal now, you know," giggled Peisan, an Asian physicist riffling his hand. "You’ll wish it was just money you lost!" 
"What are you talking about?" said Max. "Here, have a pill. No charge for the first. It’s just caffeine, keeps you going." He fiddled with three capsules in front of him on the table. "OK guys, guess, I mix them up like so, and see! Can you tell me which is the good one? My cousin does this on Broadway. OK, distant cousin."
"I can’t stand another damn hand, what with this, like, one card after another," said the dealer. "Here, have the chips. I play like better than you all. Man, I’ll stick to chess." Throwing his cards down he stood up, chair falling back. He headed away from the table, waddling from one foot to the other, eyes down on the pitted carpet like a polar bear pacing to the rear of its enclosure.
"I didn’t mean to spook him," said Max. "But is that chair free now, though?" He raised his voice. "Hey Bill, can I take your chips, I’ll pay you back?"
"Fry the damn chips, all I care." Bill muttered loudly without looking round, heading to the chess board in the corner.
"Are you sure you’re alright?" asked Teresa, raising her head as he passed. "And did you get rid of that iguana?"
"So did they find out who did it yet," asked June, coming over. "You know, the graffiti," she whispered, conspiratorially.
"The Jewish graffiti," nodded Max sagely.
"Everyone knows who did it."
"Yes, but did they find it out yet?"
"How should I know, I was with them at breakfast, they didn’t say anything much. What does that pill actually do?"
"I think this game’s breaking up for now, Max, actually." Peisan peered through small, round rimmed spectacles across the table, rattling the cards skillfully through his fingers, but showing no sign of distributing them.
"What makes you think that?" asked Max, switching his gaze between the players, waving his hand in protest.
"I think I might be heading off," said Jonathan. Max began to recover his pills and carefully replaced them one by one in a plastic medicine bottle.
"What are we going to do all evening then?" asked Casey.
"How about beer then bed? Don’t you guys have classes or anything tomorrow?" asked June.
"No way, I just got up."
"You’re just afraid to be alone, Casey," teased June. "Reckon maybe there’ll be like some anti-surfer graffiti tonight?"
"What’s that when it’s at home? Something rude about rip tides?"
"Unless you’re a Jewish surfer, dude!"
"There aren’t any Jewish surfers, nerd-head, go back to your computer." Max pocketed his chips and a scrawled IOU.
"Are we off for pool and martinis then?" asked Casey. "You come too, June."
"She should be so lucky. Weren’t we going to Joe’s?"
"Sure, later, after the pool, you can’t really get there before two, anyway."
"That place is so sad, I can’t believe like you guys are going down there again."
"I can’t believe you going down anywhere," giggled the physicist.
"Ugh! You’re so disgusting tonight!"
The Assistant Dean waved as they got up, impervious to the conversation. "Thanks for the company! Gaming night again next week!" He handed each a pastry as they left, wrapping it in a rather thin tissue from a box branded Sunny Select.
Jonathan turned back to the bar, and poured himself a glass of flat diet Pepsi from a large plastic bottle. He approached the resident faculty. One, an Assistant Professor of Sports Information Technology, suddenly said "excuse me", and took out a silver cigarette box and a plastic straw. She sniffed up a little snuff as two small girls played around her.
Teresa was watching. She frowned and said, "Look, at least not in front of the children."
"Where did you get that?" asked Max.
"Do you want some?" offered the professor.
"No, I just have a professional interest," he replied.
Odette was making additional selections among the pecan croissants. She pursed her lips silently at the faculty member. Then she turned to Jonathan, and, being rather short, stared up at him with the large whites of her eyes.
"No self-respecting black girl would ever use such a silly little white straw," she said, in her best English accent. Having attracted his attention, she left as suddenly as she had arrived, bearing a jammy croissant, having neither drank nor gamed, but only grazed.
"Who was that girl?" asked Jonathan, to no-one in particular.
"Odette?" said June. "Well, it’s Odette, I don’t know her very well. She does good accents, huh? And I don’t want to buy any Mexican cigarettes," she added to Max, who was proffering some. "Where’re you from? I can tell you have an accent too."
"I’m from Cornwall."
"Which state is that in?"
"Great Britain, I believe," said Jonathan, smiling politely. He followed Max out with the other card players.
Greg and Darjeeling were becoming a little bored at the mini-roulette.
"I want you to have a look at this ad I wrote," said Darjeeling, with unaccustomed seriousness. He showed Greg a scrap of paper on which was scrawled a personal ad. It started: "Seek girl for strip poker" and proceeded to detail the particular form of strip poker that would be played, together with precise rules governing what would happen to the first participant to lose all his or her clothes.
"The problem is," said Darjeeling, "that to do anything interesting to the person who loses his or her clothes, the winner also has to remove his or her clothes, which makes it difficult to distinguish winning from losing."
"I see," said Greg. "Has this been worrying you a lot?"
"No, of course not. Nothing bothers me a lot."
"To be honest, I do not claim to be a great expert on women, but I think you would have better luck with the gay market. The Assistant Dean might have some ideas about the structure of the game in the technical sense."
"I thought I could put it in the Downtown Times, you know with the personal ads."
"You mean the escort ads."
"No, some of them are real personals, I think. I’m sure there are some real wild women downtown, beneath the business suits. Hey, and what do you know about that girl, Wendy?" He nodded in her direction, speaking quietly. Wendy had started playing patience, Teresa and June having lost interest in the game.
"What do I know? That she looks Chinese and Wendy is a stupid name for a Chinese girl. Or any girl this century, in fact."
"Do you think she’s up for it?"
"No."
"Are you sure? She looks a bit short of money. Her nail varnish is always broken. Maybe she would like to, clean my room, you know? And then maybe I’ll leave some cards out for the strip poker."
 "That’s so puerile," said Greg. "Why don’t you grow up and take her to Las Vegas or something."
 "Can I at least borrow your car? I think she would be more likely to go out with me if I had a car."
"It won’t get there. Go on the plane."
"I can’t take the plane for ten minutes, anyway it’s difficult to explain as a first date. Could you take someone too and we’ll drive up Hollywood, at least?"
"Borrow the car if you like, I’m too old to double date. I don’t have a date to double with anyway."
"What about that redhead you’re photocopying for? I bet she’s gagging for you. Check if she’s for real." Darjeeling made a strange gagging noise.
"I couldn’t gag anything and think of her at the same time."
"Why not, look, she’s pretty, well dressed, clean teeth, like the sorority girls. I’d go for it."
"Have you ever actually spoken to Wendy?" said Greg, not wanting to think of Teresa anymore.
"What, no, not actually spoken to her."
"Well, that might be a good start, if you like her."
"I don’t like her, what do you mean? Well, maybe I like her, I don’t know. I just thought she might be easy, she’s on her own whenever I see her. Maybe she’s just dying for a good raping, for all we know. I think we should ask Little Jesus."
They left the roulette wheel. Little Jesus sat at the chess board in the corner of the room. As ever, he sweated as though just from the gym, enlarged biceps rippling under a Gold’s t-shirt, hair sprouting amply on face and armpit, but thinning on the top. After playing openings against himself, he had just started a game with Bill. Although huge, he was known as "little" to distinguish him from that other Jesus, and in recognition of the large Bible, with key phrases underlined in many colors, that he carried in the back seat of his red Toyota Corolla, malformed wing secured with duct tape, otherwise noted for its stickers and curious, low profile tires. Being from Belo Horizonte, Brazil, he spoke little, and then in similarly strange, broken dialects of both English and Spanish, though occasionally he might be sighted smoking on the sidewalk with the building manager, gesticulating in rapid Portuguese. They explained their problem to him.
"So, what should I do with Wendy?" Darjeeling asked.
Little Jesus thought deeply, cradling the pieces in his mighty hands. Finally he opined.
"You gotta get her some dinner."
"Do you mean, take her out for dinner?"
Little Jesus did not respond. He took a swig from the neck of a bottle of Californian wine, clicking a corkscrew rhythmically against the board.
"He’s spoken," said Greg.
"Well, that was profound. Hey, I thought you were some hot-shot psychologist," said Darjeeling. Little Jesus grunted back at him.
"I doubt that," said Greg. "Are you coming out for a drink?" he asked Darjeeling.
"I’ve got to do some work for tomorrow."
"That’s not what I asked."
"OK then. Let’s get someone random for good conversation, maybe about Ugandan affairs, or something."
"Random guests are Sunday. Today is for gaming. The program is on the wall." Greg gestured to the noticeboard. "Partying by numbers with gormless teenagers on Thursday. Downtown bars on Friday. Blotto drinking on Saturday."
"Hmm. Let’s just have a nice cup of tea," said Darjeeling.
"We’d better go find Jonathan, or he’ll be pissed. His mom just sent him a china teapot, by Whittards of Chelsea."
They went off to look for Jonathan, taking him a croissant stuffed with chocolate.
***
That Thursday, Jonathan was waiting at the stop for the tram back from school, having decided to skip the scheduled partying with gormless teenagers and attend a screening at the university’s Lesbian and Gay Festival, followed by a faculty party. On arrival in LA, he had vowed to say yes to everything, or almost everything, for a change, and indeed generally expand his personal boundaries a little, having spent much of his youth in the patient contemplation of Greek irregular verbs. Nevertheless, he had emerged from the film a little shaken. The sun was setting, and the tram stop was actually on the other side of the road from campus. "Other side of the road" might not be a long way in most places, but Figueroa was six lanes of intermittently heavy traffic in both directions, that could only be crossed at the light. That morning he had seen a student marooned in the reservation marked between the two causeways, unable to advance or retreat. At the side of the road in front of her, a patrolman had been sitting on his motorcycle, notebook in hand, yawning as he waited for her to complete the crossing. Jonathan did not wish to be trapped in that way.
A security guard could just be seen perched in a booth at the on-campus side. When he had first heard that there was a tram from campus to downtown, he had envisioned a pleasant electric vehicle running on rails, with a little bell. A bit like Blackpool, or Prague. But the "tram" for the students of downtown Los Angeles, was, at peak times, a school bus, and, at other times, a DART shuttle. In fact, a public bus. Smaller than the other buses, to be fair, and blessed with windows in tinted blue glass instead of scratched black plastic; and also rather cleaner than the regular RTDs, mainly because Mexicans were not allowed on it. More accurately, should a Mexican try to board the bus, proudly presenting his RTD pass, he would be advised by Dave the driver, "no day laborers." Since the Mexican generally did not speak English, he would stare blankly, before stepping back off the threshold. And then the tram would potter off down the road, its upholstery preserved from paint stains and brick dust, in preparation for the ample rear of a pampered downtown businessman who had drawn the short straw in the company carpool and found himself lacking Lexus at lunchtime.
As it was, the tram was late arriving, which was not uncommon, since there were rarely any passengers at this time of day, and the drivers did not like to circulate aimlessly, adding to congestion and smog, but preferred to stay in their shack, drinking coffee, and doubtless finishing a pleasant rubber of bridge. Neither seats nor benches being provided at the curbside, Jonathan stood watching the traffic flow by. From time to time a car honked at him, usually a battered Mustang or Corvette, full of young black men, craning their heads, making inappropriate gestures, and wondering whether this white guy standing alone at the side of the road might be some form of threat, albeit of a subtle and insidious kind.
Suddenly a small brown hatchback hooted and screeched to a stop.
"Hey, Jonathan!"
Jonathan stood back warily, and peered inside. It was Odette.
"Hi," he said.
"You want a lift?"
"Sure." He opened the door and got in, swinging his backpack into the rear. "I’m meeting someone at the Auditorium for dinner," he added. He pulled the belt over his shoulder, though not finding any way to secure it to the seat.
"It’s bust," she said. "Don’t worry. You better leave it draped over your shoulder though. The State of California has great concern for your safety."
She jerked off and headed towards the freeway. "This is the best way," she said, crossing a few lanes. "Have some Doritos." She passed him a pack from between her legs. "Actually, let’s have some donuts, OK?"
She drove around a bit, chatting about the Assistant Dean, whose bow tie she thought a bit dubious, and Teresa, whom she found interesting but rather butch. On inquiry, Jonathan admitted he did not know Teresa’s sexual preferences, indeed hardly knew her at all. Odette then stopped at a donut store in a strip mall.
"Do you have donuts in England?" she asked.
"Yes, but not this big," said Jonathan. "And generally not glazed."
"You probably want some tea, right? You should invite us all round for those funny teas and cakes."
"I don’t think so. I only drink PG Tips."
They discussed teas and cakes for a while, and then drove off again. 
He munched on the last of the dry Doritos. Then Odette pulled down the sunshade at the top of the windscreen, and he noticed the sun was finally setting in front of them rather than behind.
 "I thought you were taking me back to the Auditorium," he said.
"Why, did I say that? No, we’re off to Santa Monica. Have you been to Santa Monica?"
"Of course I’ve been there. But I have to get back, someone is picking me up to go to the faculty party."
"You’ve got another girlfriend? You’re a naughty boy."
"No, he’s an expert on the Neo-Platonists, from Reno. He wants to talk about the Church Fathers. He’ll be waiting for me at the entrance and I won’t be there."
"So, he will survive."
"And you’re not my girlfriend anyway."
"I bet he’s gay. He’s a fag priest going to slip it to you and you didn’t even notice. I bet he’s there salivating now. Uh-huh."
Jonathan was rather shocked by this abrupt change of register.
"Yes that’s what he’s doing," she continued. "He’s going to have to go back to his little boys tonight, now I’ve saved you. You’d be going to die like a rake if it wasn’t for me. Is that what you wanted? Wouldn’t you rather be sunning it in Santa Monica with me?"
Jonathan wrinkled his forehead in confusion. "But you said you would take me to the Auditorium. I don’t understand, why aren’t we going there?"
"You’re not very familiar with women, are you?" she asked. "Especially strong, black women!"
She flung back her head and emitted a deep, throbbing cackle of a laugh, swerving across the dividing line as her hand shook on the wheel. Two cars coming east along Hollywood Boulevard hooted loudly.
"See that boy there?" she shouted. "He’s selling his body. He’s selling his body at six-thirty in the evening. Hey FAG! Hey!"
The young man in leather jacket, jeans and green suede boots ignored her shouting and continued to stroll along the sidewalk, his head held strangely high.
"Could you please take me back?" asked Jonathan. He was not sure whether a philosophy of generally saying yes rather than no should also apply to situations where someone else might be adversely affected, in this case the unfortunate Neo-Platonist.
"You want me to drop you off? Here’s a bus!" She swerved in front of a bus, and was answered by another deep horn. She veered out again and carried on. The Mexicans inside pressed their faces to the deeply scarred and tinted windows.
"You can only see them when they get scared and wipe their noses in the graffiti on the plastic," explained Odette. "Do you want some proper food? I like food."
"I suppose so," said Jonathan, resigned.
They dined at India’s Table, a cramped bring-your-own where the waiter remained elusive until Odette had accused the management loudly and repeatedly of being members of the Klu Klux Klan. Jonathan pointed out that the waiter was Indian, to which he replied that he was, in fact, from Pakistan but that they were happy to serve anyone, except Koreans. On which cue, Odette expounded loudly on how everyone in Los Angeles hated Koreans. Koreans ruining house prices. Koreans and their guns. Koreans gouging the blacks. Koreans and their "nasty sign-writing of circles on sticks." Although Jonathan could not once recall having heard anything on the news or in the papers mentioning the Koreans.
They set off again, carrying on to the west, Jonathan wondering what time he would get back and whether he could make a call from a booth. He didn’t have his friend’s number, anyway.
"This, then, is Santa Monica."
They arrived at the sea, made a left and drove along the front where the homeless contemplated the radioactive orange of the setting sun from the park benches. "I know, I told you I’ve been to Santa Monica."
"Hey!" She dodged around a few junctions, swerved into a used car lot and gesticulated to the guard. "Girl, take your hands off your hips and tell me I can’t park here!"
"You can’t park here, go round the multistory." The attendant took her hands off her ample hips and waved further along the highway.
"I’ve got a WHITE BOY in the car for the English pub and he doesn’t want to go walking past the living dead! I’m parking here!"
"You can’t, turn back, they’ll lock it and you can’t get out."
"They give you a uniform and you’re just like them!"
"Honey, just down the road you can park, I promise!"
"Yo’ mother! OK I’ll try!"
Odette did a dramatic full turn with a screech of tires and horn, rattling across the teeth set at the entrance to the lot.
"I hope you went the right way over them," said Jonathan, eyeing the red-painted grate through the back window.
"If they cut the tire we can sue and get some money. I could use some money. Don’t worry!"
They managed to park in the lot at the end of the road, after an argument with another security guard. Odette strode out of the car, slamming the door twice to get it to shut, waving at Jonathan to follow her.
"I’ll take you to the English pub."
"I’ve been to lots of English pubs."
"Not with me you haven’t."
They rounded the corner to the entrance of the Queen’s Head.
"Is that giving or receiving?" asked Odette.
"Removing, I imagine," said Jonathan.
Odette stepped inside and looked around. It was packed. She looked back at Jonathan.
"They’re going to lynch me!" she cried at the top of her voice, and ran out. The door slammed behind her.
"They aren’t going to lynch you. If they did, you would deserve it anyway."
"I’m not going in there."
"What did you bring me here for, then?"
"I just wanted an English date with my English boyfriend."
"I told you, don’t call me your boyfriend. I only just met you. OK, let’s have a drink, since we’re here."
He led the way back in. She held his hand and stood demurely behind. Her presence more than doubled the number of black faces in the pub. The conversation stopped and everyone stared at the two of them.
"They’re looking at me because I’m black," she said.
"They’re looking at you because you just walked out and slammed the door," replied Jonathan.
They sat for a few minutes. He started to get her some cider. Then suddenly she stood up.
"Let’s go for a drive," she said. "I feel safer driving."
"We just had a drive," said Jonathan.
"Jonathan, in LA a drive is a date in itself."
They went back to the car and took the long way home.
***
That weekend, the festival continued and the Gay and Lesbian United Society for Southern California held their conference at the Auditorium. In principle, one of the advantages of living in the building was the direct access from the residential floors to the balconies of the theater, which a few years earlier had been beautifully refurbished with plush, dark red upholstery and gilded cornices. However, the students were not usually encouraged to enter. This was unfortunate, since usually only they wanted to. Although on the books of numerous event and concert promoters, the university was rarely able to lease the space, since a fear of the downtown one-way system, and the antipathy of the locals to cars parked on-street with closed windows, was thought to deter anyone planning a pleasant evening out. That the space might not be left completely derelict, most functions had to be planned by the university itself. 
This being such an event, Greg, Darjeeling and Jonathan drifted down and stood at the back of one of the boxes. The Assistant Dean, beard and hair freshly trimmed, was finishing his introduction.
"This space was then the focus of union agitation, where the poor textile workers of the garment district, led by the formidable Luisa Moreno, rallied, yes, right where you are sitting, and marched to their demonstrations. It has a long history of supporting the oppressed and the minorities! But it has also a chequered past. Indeed the followers of the cult poisoner, Jim Jones, met here, before fleeing to Guyana, and tasting their bitter fate."
"Rodney King!" cried someone in the stalls..
"Yes, well," said the Assistant Dean, "these are also terrible things, but we ought not to pronounce while the trial is in progress. But there is no doubt that those responsible for injustice should be brought to justice."
"L.A.P.D.!" shouted Darjeeling. Jonathan elbowed him to shut up. Some looked round, but the lights were down.
"Anyway, there is much to do still in our city, though let us remember how much we have progressed from the riots at Watts, some thirty years ago. So now it is quite appropriate that the Lesbian and Gay minorities of this great country hold their conference here. And I thank you for coming, and joining our community."
The Assistant Dean left, to scattered applause. A lady with crew cut and a large microphone, still attached to its microphone stand, leaped from the wings. 
 "Now, it’s like summer today," she said. "It’s always summer here in Los Angeles! Are you hot?" 
Some of the attendees clapped and screeched.
"When this happens in New York, we have the fire hydrants open at every corner," she continued. "They’re called men! When the temperature goes up, they just have to let it out!"
The audience was largely breasted, but the comedienne’s joke was met by strangely raucous laughter, in which the three students did not join. Stepping out of the box, they let the door slam.
"I think that was the lesbian half of the party," said Darjeeling.
"That joke certainly left me with a bad taste in my mouth," agreed Greg.
They descended the marble stairway and crossed towards the bar, where a reception was in progress. Mr. Silveira, the building manager, greeted them behind a keyboard at the entrance, with a slight nod and happy wave. He generally spent his time sitting in the safe behind the lobby desk, surrounded by keys, receipts, and curious tokens. His day was not devoid of interest, for he could admire the cars and buses drift peacefully down the Avenue, the door of the safe, naturally enough, being left open while he sat there. He particularly liked to contemplate The Owner, sitting across the street, and the feeling was clearly mutual. What small stroke of Miss Teresa’s pen, he mused, might it take for him to be sitting on the shopping bags, and The Owner in the safe? But Mr. Silveira lived for parties and functions in the evenings, when he would dress in an Hawaiian shirt and scarlet shorts, take out a curious portable wurlitzer connected mysteriously to a pedal pump and pipes, and play the tunes he had learned in his youth on the beaches of Rio, which had been, he would explain if asked, then pristine and undeveloped. And now he warbled incomprehensibly into a microphone, while swinging his body purposely and passionately from one foot to the other.
Jonathan noted disapprovingly that there did not seem to be any free drinks on the tables around the edges of the room, as was more normally the case. The wrinkled barman glared at him with some hostility, as a result of an ongoing misunderstanding of the tipping traditions of the American people.
"Do you want to serve beer to some kids, Boris?" asked Greg. "And did you get any Guinness yet?" The barman was traditionally called Boris, due to his resemblance to Boris Karloff. Since he never seemed to object, his mother may have called him Boris as well.
"No-one drinks Guinness," replied "Boris". "You get dark or light." He turned back to the conference attendees, adopting a twisted smile, as though playing a Transylvanian Santa Claus, delighting to put his experience to use in the mixing of exotic cocktails with cherries, mint leaves, umbrellas and myrrh.
"Well, we drink Guinness," said Jonathan.
"Do you have I.D.?"
"I showed you my passport last night."
"Then you don’t drink Guinness. Fact, you don’t drink nothing. So, you want lemonade? Two dollars fifty. Ice is extra. Maybe I could get you a virgin Bloody Mary. Six dollars. Suit you better anyway." He chortled to himself, smiling and exposing teeth protruding like cracked gravestones in an abandoned cemetery.
He offered up a dark spirit to the Assistant Dean, who had also escaped the comedienne, and was nodding animatedly to one of the guests. "Yes, I got into that once," he was saying. "At my first college, but watching more than taking part. Maybe I had hemorrhoids, or was I too young for them? I don’t remember." 
Jonathan did not hear the remainder of the exchange, standing back for an elderly lady with white hair and silk negligee to pass in the direction of the grape trolley. He then took a further step back as a thin, bald man with leather collar followed obediently, led by a small rod hooked onto a silver chain connecting his earring to his nosering.
"Care for a grape?" asked Jonathan, turning to the others. He picked up a bunch of red ones, rather small and dried. Several fell off and joined a sludgy red liquid at the base of the silver-colored platter.
"I don’t want to catch something," said Darjeeling.
"You can’t get anything from a grape," replied Jonathan.
"What if there’s blood on the grape? What’s that grungy stuff on the tray?" said Darjeeling.
"How can you get blood on a grape? And are you going to inject the grape?"
But after exchanging glances they did not eat the grapes. Jonathan replaced them on the tray, and they went downstairs to shoot pool in the gym.
The gym was a huge, white, former dance studio. Mirrors and barre remained at one end, but now it was blessed with a multi-stack machine, some free weights, a broken rowing simulator, a table tennis table and a pool table. Half-a-dozen freshmen were shooting pool, drinking Bud Light from cans they had smuggled into the building using Adidas sports bags. They looked up nervously as the three entered.
"Do you guys live here?" asked Greg.
"Yeah sure, well no, we’re from Hall but like we’re playing some pool and having a beer," answered one.
"In fact, we’re just going," said another.
"There’s a free party upstairs," said Darjeeling. "Grapes, canapés, everything. I’m sure some of the guys there’ll buy you a drink."
"Yeah? Hey, cool. C’mon." They packed the bags and left.
"That was cruel," said Greg.
"No, they’ll fit right in," said Darjeeling. "Now, who’s going to break them? The balls, I mean."
***
Monday morning found Greg scowling in front of the photocopier as the college management team entered the office.
"Have you got those reports ready for us yet?" asked Teresa, standing up from her desk.
"The machine is jammed," said Greg.
"Well you should have started earlier then, shouldn’t you? We’re all ready to go here."
Greg slammed open the cover on the copier, an enormous green thing with ten distribution trays extending upwards from the right hand side. It was far too large for the residential life office, and had originally been stationed in the administration building on campus, until cast aside in favor of a later model. The green finish was partially bleached on one side, the machine having at one time stood in front of an unshaded window. Now it was in a corner and never saw the sun. After years of loyal service it clearly felt deeply the indignity of its current job, spitting out creased paper and loose toner on a whim. At present the paper was merely stuck, but not in a simple way. Greg reached inside and started to pull it through. He retrieved a few inches, but then it began to shred. He picked at the remains with his fingernails, but could not get enough traction to rotate the roller. The paper just came apart in small pieces, jamming the mechanism even further, the toner dirtying his hands.
"Well, we’ll start the meeting without the papers, then," said Teresa. "I apologize," she said to the advisers, "but my assistant seems to have a resource issue at the moment."
"Oh, it really doesn’t matter," said the Assistant Dean. "You can all look at mine, I’ve printed it already."
They sat around the table. They craned their necks to examine the agenda, which the Assistant Dean placed at the center. This was the weekly administration meeting, and the items were the same every time, but Teresa liked to have a proper agenda in front of her, as a sort of ritual.
They discussed some domestic issues, relating to the keys, the garbage disposal, and the maid service for visiting scholars. Mr. Silveira, the building manager, agreed he would look into these. June recounted how two students had slept on the floor at the airport, before their rooms at the Auditorium were free. Their parents were complaining. The students had called the receptionist from LAX to ask where they could stay for less than $150 a night. Apparently he had replied "I do not have any information about that." All agreed that the receptionist was not very helpful. The Assistant Dean said that his habit of playing ukulele from behind the desk was quite characterful, and he was supported in this by Mr. Silveira, who explained that the ukulele accompanied well the honky-tonk piano in the basement on music evenings. Teresa suggested that the receptionist should look after the reception desk, and that a ukulele player should be requested from the Music School in the unlikely event it was strictly necessary for someone to play the ukulele in the evening.
Kurt then raised the issue of some missing mail, explaining that two students had not received the tickets they had ordered. When they had arrived at the concert with replacement tickets, they had found the receptionist and his girlfriend sitting in the seats that had been reserved for them. The students were now wondering whether to call the police. Teresa advised Kurt that they should under no circumstances call the police. Perhaps the university could provide some reimbursement. Mr. Silveira pointed out that the receptionist could not be dismissed, since he was on the permanent staff. Teresa suggested that he be found a back-office role on campus, and the job of receptionist be offered to a student as part of a financial assistance package. She was thinking of replacing the girl in the downstairs convenience store in the same way. This would have considerable budgetary advantages. Mr. Silveira was very doubtful about giving a student access to the keys and the mailboxes. It was not clear the US Postal Service would agree to distribute mail to individual boxes unless they were lockable. Teresa agreed that the installation of proper mail boxes would be expensive. They decided to raise the matter at a higher level.
At about his point Greg was able to distribute copies of the maps showing the proposed redevelopment of downtown and the campus area, carefully prepared by the University Development Company, together with quite attractive artists’ impressions. Veronica gave the talk, an RA and the Auditorium’s representative on the UDC board. Somewhat Asian, her hair was long and black, matching her eyes and eyeliner. She wore jeans (clean and neatly pressed), and a white t-shirt with a single breast pocket. She pointed to the planned walkways shaded by trees, the water features, coffee shops, and frozen yogurt bars, accompanying stylish blocks of student accommodation and elegant faculty housing. The Auditorium was to be connected to campus via a cycle-route, separated from the road with actual physical barriers, and there was a plan to install a real tramway. The UDC were inviting comments.
"Well, the rails are already there," said Kurt. "So I suppose they could put a proper tram on them. The rest is a bit..."
"It certainly is an ambitious project," said Teresa.
"I cycle to campus every day already," said Veronica, "but it’s dangerous because the buses keep cutting me off. We’re going to make it all like Santa Monica. A few years ago, that was just boarded up stores and homeless people. Now the Third Street Promenade is absolutely the place to be, and the homeless people have moved across to the beach."
The rest of the RAs remained silent. Finally, the Assistant Dean spoke up. 
"I cannot help but feel, as a student of the classics, that perhaps the UDC is in a sort of, how should I say it, Cloud Cuckoo Land? Obviously I’m very keen on the Auditorium project, but it really works more in the context of downtown, I mean, we are not going to revitalize the whole of South-Central Los Angeles with this building."
"I certainly can’t imagine any Cloud Cuckoos nesting around here," said June.
"Cloud Cuckoos!" said Greg, chuckling to himself. Teresa shot him a look.
"I think, Veronica," she said, "you can tell them that we can be very positive about this program. If the board wants me to come and give a presentation about the Auditorium, tell them I’d be happy to. I’m particularly impressed by the thought that has gone into providing alternatives to the motor car."
"Just don’t let them forget to put a higher fence around our parking lot," said Kurt. "Yesterday morning I went out and there were used condoms under my truck."
"Well, at least they’re using condoms," said Teresa. "By the way, what happened to those posters the health center sent us, you know the ones saying ‘If you want a physical relationship, make it a safe one?’ Didn’t I ask you to put them up, Greg?"
"I couldn’t work out how to attach them to the fence," said Greg. "Anyway, they would have to be in Spanish."
"Is that quite the message we want to give though?" asked Veronica. "I mean, should we really be encouraging that?"
There was silence.
"Don’t look at me," said the Assistant Dean. "I’m single."
Teresa looked around the room. She wasn’t sure any of them had boyfriends or girlfriends, at college anyway. Was Veronica seeing that surfer?
"It’s quite dangerous, especially in LA," said Veronica. "Aren’t we saying they should wait till after marriage?"
"It’s a health message, not a moral message," said Teresa.
"Yes, but without, like, the morals, I’m thinking, maybe you don’t get the health," said Veronica, hesitantly.
"We want a strong moral fiber," announced Kurt.
"We don’t need to talk about this," said Teresa. "The office sent me the posters with the words already on them. Have you got the dance competition sorted out, June?"
"Yes, it’s all ready to go," said June, relieved. "We’re doing a Disney medley."
"Do you have the rights for that?" asked Kurt. "You don’t want to mess with that mouse." He nodded emphatically, having recently completed an introductory course on film ethics and law.
"Oh, never mind," said Teresa. "Now, the last item today is the community spirit. We are concerned that the Auditorium is becoming too full of cliques. What we need is something to bring the community together. Like a common goal."
"Usually a group of people pull together when they are working for one thing, or are under a common threat," explained the Assistant Dean. "In a university, the problem is we are not all trying to sell as much Coca Cola as possible. Or defending Ancient Greece."
The RAs sat in puzzled silence. Finally June piped up, "I suppose we could do some songs from Grease..." tapping on the table.
"For example, this gaming evening," said the Assistant Dean, warming to his theme. "I noticed people were just playing with their friends. We need to break down these barriers. Odette, do you remember? She came in, but then she left. Clearly she felt excluded from the gaming. And at the end that poor Chinese girl was playing cards by herself. Who is her RA, anyway?"
"That would be Teresa," said Veronica.
"Well, she kept winning," said Teresa. "She always seemed to know what cards were left."
"How could she know what cards were left if they hadn’t been played?" asked June.
"Because," said Teresa, starting to explain what her uncle had explained to her many years ago, but realizing it would take too long. "Oh, just because."
"And that brings me to another thing," said the Assistant Dean. "A lot of the students seem to be actually trying to win their games. They are taking winning too seriously. The purpose of a student gaming evening is not to win games. It is about participation. Like the Olympics."
The meeting fell silent, as they pondered the issue internally.
"We had the Gay and Lesbian comedy event," mentioned Kurt. "But just a few of the younger students turned up." 
"How about a murder mystery dinner?" asked Veronica. 
"Who are we going to murder?" said Greg, looking up from cleaning the office phones with individually packaged disinfectant wipes, as required in a recent circular.
"Shut up Greg," said Teresa. "You’re not in this meeting."
"What happens is you play a role that’s already written as a murderer, and then guess who did it," said Veronica.
"The students will never understand that," said June. "And what’s the point of guessing who did it if you already know? Why don’t we just do another pool tournament? But with floors playing floors, so everyone makes friends with their neighbors."
"Yes, OK," said Teresa. "But anyway, we want something good, and maybe a party, an all-inclusive one, to end with after finals."
The others visibly relaxed. "Sure, we can arrange a party," said Kurt. "We are good at parties."
"And if you think of anything else," added the Assistant Dean, quickly, "perhaps more suitable to the cultural and scholarly ambience of the Auditorium, then we could try that."
"A talent show?" asked June.
"OK," said Teresa. "That’s enough for now." She folded her papers, the last of which had just arrived. "And people," she said, "let’s be careful out there!"
She always liked to end the meetings in this way.
***
"Do you know what I did today?" Greg announced suddenly at dinner that evening, mulling over Teresa and hygienic wipes, as the others discussed the state of heavy metal following the onset of thrash.
"Photocopying?" ventured Jonathan.
"Screwing... negresses."
"What, with your big M-16? But isn’t it a bit intimidating, though, thinking of the blacks that have been there first?" said Darjeeling.
"My weapon," Greg paused, savoring the word, "is far superior."
"Is that normal, for the people of Armenia, and its diaspora?"
"I cannot say what is normal, for I have not investigated the subject. But I do know that mine, at any rate, is outstanding." He paused.
"But yes, I was photocopying. And the auto-feed broke down, so I had to do it all manually."
That night, Greg reflected that people generally had something that defined them, in the first instance, to others. For example, there were black people; there were Jews; there were lawyers; there were football players. But people should not be stereotyped, as some belonged to several groups. For example, the Jewish football players. He himself was an ex-marine, in fact a sniper, an Armenian, a fine linguist and musician, and a photocopying clerk, also responsible (in theory at least) for putting on the coffee in the office, first thing in the morning. He was also from Florida, though, truth be told, this did not play a large part in his self-image. Last year he had not been called up for the Iraq war, though still a reservist. He shared a room in the Auditorium with a battered video recorder, a bewildering variety of electronic surveillance equipment, and a black metal filing cabinet, "borrowed" from a previous clerical position, filled with an almost complete collection of Playboy magazines, though more from a deep sense of duty than any obvious decadence. Indeed, he had not read the articles therein, partly thinking there would obviously be nothing worth reading, but mainly because, being a man, in California, and not enrolled in a world literature course, he never read anything. 
He did not possess a weapon. Of the metallic variety. He had vowed to dispose, in his mind, of his life as a killing machine, and to concentrate on his music career, the first step of which was his Master’s degree in composition. Indeed, he was just recruiting some members of the school marching band to perform a radical "military passacaglia" for brass and piccolo. He had a roommate, a Korean called Cassius, quite small, fitting neatly in the far corner. They had a profound and mutual detestation, so spoke only rarely, and then only about Korean women, whom they also detested, the one from experience, the other on principle.
Greg had been awoken by a thudding, a whining and a whizzing. The thudding was the bowling of oranges down the corridor, a fairly normal occurrence. Naturally, they thudded when they hit the corner, especially if insufficient spin had been applied. The whining was an electric guitar on the stereo in the next room. The whizzing was Cassius firing pencils at chocolate bunnies, which he had lined up against the wall. He was using a curious pencil-launcher powered by a rubber band twisted with a biro. Although the bunnies were often struck, it was difficult to get the chocolate to break. He had undressed them, so they stood before him in virgin black, but try as he might, their torsos were impervious to the leaden assault, and they tumbled painlessly to the floor, the pencils rattling annoyingly against the wall behind.
"Why don’t you just eat them?" said Greg.
"The bunnies must be literally eliminated."
"Can’t you get a proper gun and blow away something that actually moves? The drag racers, maybe?"
"You’re not suggesting I, like, totally ignore the college’s restriction on keeping weapons in student housing, are you? I would never do that, the locks on the doors are terrible. They’ve been keeping pretty quiet lately, anyway. Yo! You know I opened that Asian chick’s room, you know the one that never washes her hair, with my key when she got locked out! Here it’s just like a big scout hut with scary bitches as scoutmasters!"
Greg was not clear what drug would lead to this strangely disconnected speech pattern; he imagined some variety of Prozac.
"Didn’t you hear about the winter war in Helsinki?" Cassius continued. "The scouts they blew away those Ruskies, but it was really cold then. There won’t be any snow here if they attack, you can bet. The marines have never trained in the snow, so I won’t be off to Alaska! When I join the marines, I mean."
"I think I saw snow once," said Greg. "But you’re right, it wasn’t with the marines."
Cassius suddenly hammered on the wall, and was rewarded with a blast of guitar as the volume on the Denon was violently twisted in response.
"Isn’t Pink Floyd old? Isn’t there something else to listen to when you’re drunk? Who’s that still drinking at four in the morning?"
"It’s Darjeeling," volunteered Greg. "They were doing Veuve Cliquot with Red Label chasers, I think. But they couldn’t chill the champagne as it wouldn’t fit in the fridge."
"I just shoot that silver bullet myself. It makes you all you can be, enough for me anyway."
Greg reached for his headphones and pulled a cap over his head. He appreciated the camaraderie of the Auditorium, which reminded him of his unit. And it was often like sleeping in a foxhole, hanging around waiting for something to happen, which never did. 
***
"You know, I like had this dream that I was up here looking down on LA, and I could see them burning the duck."
Odette and Jonathan were sitting in her car somewhere in the Hollywood Hills, after a second weekend driving in circles. The city lights stretched below them, like a magic carpet an itinerant djinn might order up and away at any moment, leaving behind the plain, and the stars twinkling above. It was just like in the movies. She grabbed his hand and stroked it.
"Everyone was standing around and chanting, ‘Burn the duck! Burn the duck!’ and I dreamt they might see me even up in the hills, so I sat quiet as I could. The duck was up there on a stick, a bonfire all around it. Then the ropes burnt through and it fell off and there was just this cross standing up, burning, and them all shouting with the band playing."
"You mean before the football game?" asked Jonathan.
"Yeah. And then they came after me and I hid. And they asked you, did you see her, and you said, no, there’s none in here, and they passed on by."
"But wasn’t it just an effigy of a duck they were burning? I mean, I don’t suppose it was a real duck, Odette. They probably thought you were from across town."
She paused and looked at him with the large whites of her eyes. "Yeah, that’s what they meant," she said, letting go of his hand.
"So, don’t you want to kiss me?" she asked.
In fact, he did not particularly want to kiss her. But he could not expect all these tours for nothing. And it would be a little boundary, indeed maybe three for his list, she being black, and rather fat, and not that bright. So he leant over and kissed her lightly on the lips. She turned her face away from his.
"Is that it?" she said. "You’re so full of shit. You expect to sit there looking at the lights while I go down and suck you off and that’s all you can do? You’re such a piece of shit."
"I don’t think I said anything about that," said Jonathan, reaching over and stroking her calmingly on the shoulder.
"Don’t you touch me!" She switched on the engine, slammed the car into reverse, pulled back over some rubble, and headed vengefully down the curving road.
"I’m sorry," said Jonathan, "I was only joking. Look, I know you feel that sort of thing really deeply, and it’s important to you, and I respect that."
"Why, what do you know’s important to me?"
"Whatever it was that was important to you."
"How can you know what’s important to me if you don’t know what it is?"
"I know it’s important to you, that’s enough for me."
"What are you talking about? Shut up or you can go walk yourself the hell home, white boy. I bet the police pick you up as a vagrant. A bloody English vagrant." She said the last with an attempt at a British accent.
Jonathan decided it was best not to say anything, but buckled the seatbelt and steadied himself on the door handle, as was by now his custom.
***
"I am really shocked."
Darjeeling was peering at the small ads in the Daily Student, which arrived each day under the mailboxes. "If I were Catholic, I would be disgusted at this."
"But you’re not Catholic," said Jonathan, flipping through his letters.
"No, but this is enough to make me want to be one." Darjeeling held up the page, reading loudly. "College students sought as sperm donors, $20 per sample."
Max looked over their shoulders. "Hey, I’m Catholic," he said.
"You? But you’re a drug dealer."
"Sure, but from a big Catholic family. My brother is a priest. He works with Cardinal O’Malley. You know, he’s like in charge of Los Angeles."
"You know the flying Cardinal?" asked Teresa, passing.
"Sure. Well, my brother does."
"Could you get him to visit here, do you think? Maybe have a meeting of, uh, the Catholic Students Association in the building? We need to put the place a bit more on the map."
"Err," paused Max, "You mean Veronica? I guess we could get an association if you want one. Talking about abortion, contraception, or, rather, not... I guess?"
"If you like, as long as he comes here. He can speak in the theater. I’m sure we could get the President to greet him. It’d look really good."
"Mr. Bush?" asked Jonathan, puzzled.
"No, the university President."
"Oh. But I thought you were keen on abortion?" asked Jonathan, dimly remembering some feminist remarks she had made the week before.
"I have a lot of respect for the Catholic point of view," corrected Teresa. "So do you think you can get the Cardinal, Max?" she patted him on the arm, expectantly.
"I’ll have a word," he agreed.
"You’re a star," she smiled. "By the way Jonathan, did you hear from Prince Charles?"
"Uh, I’m still waiting for him to get back to me."
"Did you get a phone in your room yet?"
"Not exactly."
"Well, I suggest you get one, and an answering machine, or it might be a long wait, mightn’t it?" Teresa frowned. "And what is that headline?" She took the newspaper from Darjeeling. 
"Students Hold Nazi Rally in Dorm," read Darjeeling, giggling. "The Auditorium, the university’s flagship residential project downtown, held a screening of a second world war propaganda film last week..."
"... it is not known who attended the screening..." continued Teresa. "OK, which of you organized this screening?"
No-one volunteered. "Kurt speaks German," said Darjeeling, helpfully.
"I don’t think there’s much speaking in that film," said Jonathan. "It’s mainly marching."
"So were you at the screening?"
"No," he replied. "I think it was a phantom screening, or someone would have seen it. Like a phantom pregnancy, but for a film." 
"Why did they suddenly put it in a headline, then?" Teresa examined the story, signed An Investigative Reporter, put the paper under her arm and went up to the lobby.
"I just can’t imagine who would tell them about the phantom screening," chuckled Darjeeling.
"You want a lift down the supermarket?" asked Max.
"Um, not really," said Jonathan, surprised, noting that he hadn’t received a pat on the arm like Max. Maybe should take the Prince Charles thing more seriously.
"Oh, come on. We’ll get some beer."
"Alright then, I suppose," said Jonathan, recalling his particular resolution to never say no to something involving a car. "Are you coming?" he asked Darjeeling.
"Not me, but remember we’re out of Red Label," he replied.
Max was driving an orange Porsche 924 with a battered wing and door. In the short ride to the supermarket near campus he explained that it belonged to his brother, famous in church circles, apparently, as the "Priest with the Porsche". So he was trying to get all the errands done while he had the chance. He apologized for it being the cheapest of the models of the marque, having only four cylinders, but claimed they had accepted it as part of a deal in Bel Air. "My brother got them someone for some drugs, then they couldn’t get the drugs, so gave him the car," he explained, murkily. But it was a great car, and even had a working turbocharger. They had not found anyone to insure it, so he hoped that Jonathan had his own health insurance. Nevertheless, Max could confirm there was no substitute.
"Why don’t you get a car, Johnny?" he asked. "You might get more respect if you got a car. The women can’t respect a man without a car."
"I didn’t think I needed one before coming here. But now I’m coming to think it might really be contrary to the natural order, being driven by a woman," agreed Jonathan.
"Yeah, right. The natural order. Sad thing is, we might have to sell this car. You want it? Runs fine."
"I don’t think I could drive a Porsche," said Jonathan.
"No? Right, I can get you a Jaguar. That suit you better, being from Eng-er-land and all? I reckon you could lay them end to end with a Jaguar. And do it right in the car too. This is a bit small. How much can you spend right now?"
"Not right now, Max," said Jonathan.
Arriving in the parking lot, Max handed Jonathan a nicely prepared list.
"Aren’t you coming in with me?" asked Jonathan.
"No, I don’t want them to see me getting this stuff. It might cause problems with my I.D."
Jonathan looked down the list. There was indeed some beer at the top, Miller Genuine Draught, but the rest was a variety of spirits, mixers and liqueurs. He had not heard of many of them.
"Are you opening a cocktail bar? What’s Jagermeister?" he asked.
"It’s a traditional student drink, mixes with Jack Daniel’s. Here’s the money." He handed Jonathan several hundred dollar bills.
In the liquor section of the market, the assistant peered suspiciously at Jonathan’s passport.
"Do you have a driver’s license?" he asked.
"This is what you use to get a driver’s license," said Jonathan. After further arguments, and the intervention of a supervisor, he eventually wheeled the cart out, at least for the few feet to the metal barriers which prevented it trespassing into the parking lot. Max drove up the car and they loaded it.
"I’ll wander off down campus for some cappuccino and a muffin," said Jonathan. "See you later."
"You’re not coming back with me, are you? To carry this in past the guards?" asked Max. "Just to be on the safe side."
"I thought you were a drug dealer," said Jonathan.
"Well alcohol’s not the easiest drug to handle. You’ve got your bulk issues, you know? Anyway, who’s calling me a dealer? You bought them."
"Alright," said Jonathan. He had not intended to add "drug dealer" to his list of transgressions, but it seemed to have come for free. "Do I get invited to this party, at least? I charged the Red Label in with the rest, though."
"Oh, you can keep it," said Max. "I’m surprised they even had it there. That stuff’s way out of my league."
"OK, thanks," said Jonathan, quietly pleased with himself. "I imagine you have to graduate up to it. Oh sorry," he added quickly, "I didn’t mean to say that you had to be a graduate, as in a university graduate."
"I know my place," said Max. "Today Jose Cuervo, but, one day, I too will drink Red Label."
"My friend," said Jonathan, "that day will come. And let me promise you, that when the trumpet sounds, you will find there is again no substitute."
They returned to the Auditorium, and spent a pleasant morning drinking Red Label and Tequila respectively. They played Scrabble, the one placing words in English, the other in Spanish, all the while nodding wisely to the lyrics of the early Floyd.
***
Teresa, as well as being the Residential Life Manager, was also resident adviser in charge of the fourth floor, an unfortunate and time-consuming situation which she had been trying to adjust since the beginning of the year. But Wendy had asked if she had a cassette player, and then whether she might come in and listen to some Chinese tapes her friends from Harbin had sent. So Teresa could hardly have refused. For someone who appeared rather shy, she observed that Wendy became annoyingly talkative, in a stilted sort of way, when she had a captive audience.
"I was invited to dinner by some other Chinese girls I met on campus," she was saying. "They did prayers and thought I should believe in God. Veronica says too, we have to believe in God, but with priests and everything. Maybe I should believe in God?"
She sat in Teresa’s room, in a chair with curved mahogany arms, tapping her foot to the music. The room was a bit bigger than the others, with an additional chair and an extra wardrobe. But basically it was the same, a studio with a single bed. When Teresa had first moved in to the Auditorium the furniture had all been antique-style. But by the beginning of this year much of it had disappeared or been damaged, so what remained had been removed, except on the eighth floor where the resident faculty and a few choice longer term residents held court. So the student rooms retained the oak paneling and heavy drapes, often in velvet and bleached by the sun on the folds, but contained simple student chairs, a chipboard desk, and a bookcase. Due to the cost saving, Teresa had not felt able to object, or make herself out as a special case. 
Her room was near the elevators, in principle so she could meet the residents. But this just meant it was noisier, so a pair of earplugs lay on the bedside table. Wendy had asked to borrow them; Teresa had informed her that, in the United States, one did not normally lend one’s earplugs. The music resembled an odd electrical warbling, with oriental instruments and chords set to a disco beat. Wendy hummed along from time to time.
"I can invite you to dinner too," said Teresa. Student philosophy was not really her thing. "What would you believe in then? What you need are some friends. And you should participate more in stuff. Is Wendy really your name?"
"No, but it sounds like my Chinese name, and I liked the play. You know? We read it when I was learning English. Do you know that Englishman, Jonathan? Is he really named after a type of whisky?"
"I doubt that! But I don’t know him very well. Why, do you like him? Why don’t you ask him for a cup of tea?"
"But he’s always with those nasty guys. Can’t you be my friend?"
"Oh, Greg’s not nasty, he’s just a bit bored. That Persian guy, you’re right, he is a drag. We might do something about him. He messes everything up. Of course I can be your friend. But, well, anyway, you really need the sort of friends to have pizza with. These girls are probably OK, I mean dinner with student missionaries is better than dinner with drug dealers, I suppose, if drug dealers go for dinner. I’ll have to ask Max about that."
They laughed together.
"Did they ask you for any money?" asked Teresa.
"No. I don’t have any money, anyway."
"Well, you have less to worry about, I guess. How are you paying the rent?"
"They’re putting the room on my student bill and I will pay it off later. They say they can put a roommate in my room, but no-one has turned up yet."
"Yes, that’s right, it just goes on your student loan. Your English is almost perfect for someone who’s just been here a few months."
"I used tapes a lot."
"But you didn’t bring a cassette player?"
"No, it wasn’t mine there either. I couldn’t afford a tape recorder. I had a tutor too, in the evenings. We read Two Years Before the Mast. It was the only book in our university library about California. It’s quite beautiful. It’s changed a lot here, though. Have you read it?"
"I’ve not heard of that," said Teresa. "Is it the one with the whale?"
"I don’t think there’s a whale," said Wendy. "They gave it me to finish when I went away, but I left it there in case another student will come to California. But they say after Tiananmen Square not many will be coming."
"Is that in Harbin?" asked Teresa, remembering Wendy’s home town.
"No, it’s in Peking," said Wendy. "Listen!" she said, moving on swiftly. The music had stopped on the tape and some young people were talking and strumming the guitar. "The students are saying that I come to discover America five hundred years after Columbus came."
"Did you really?" said Teresa, wondering how to extricate Wendy from the room.
"Yes, it was 1492, don’t you remember? In this year, it is five hundred years ago. Now they are saying the Chinese really discovered it first. I read that the Chinese came to build the railways. Can we go on the railways one day?"
"I don’t think so," said Teresa. "The railroads don’t run any more round here. We’ve got cars. But there’s a new metro-rail. We could go on that, if you like. If it’s a dorm trip, I mean. Well, I really have to do a little work now, Wendy. We’ll see about getting you some friends."
"OK," said Wendy, getting up. Teresa switched off the cassette player. 
"Here’s your tape back. Come up whenever you want to hear it. Of course, you might want to phone first to see if I’m free. I’ll scribble down my number."
"OK," said Wendy, pausing awkwardly. Teresa remembered Wendy didn’t have a phone, but decided not to resolve the contradiction. She opened the door, and the Chinese girl left.
Teresa made a note in her organizer to call the student medical center and get them to book Wendy a meeting with a psychologist. She was not a babysitter, after all.
***
Jonathan was unable to sleep after his next "discussion group", which had turned into a rather halting lecture about why Roman soldiers wore medieval clothes in the painting of that period, and, following from this, how villagers used to get together and re-enact the passion of Christ; both topics which interested him, but not, apparently, his target demographic. So he went out for a stroll. He reflected that the grid of downtown resembled a chessboard, of which each square had been lifted from a different US city. One square, from Delaware, featureless concrete office blocks. One square, art deco New York, fine and Egyptian. One square, Chicago’s gold coast, high and shining. One square, Cleveland, an overgrown lot with low, boarded stores, smelling of damp cardboard, ear-marked for a demolition that had never happened.
He sat down in Pershing Square, in front of the Biltmore Hotel, munching on a pack of Doritos. A civic space that might have looked good on a plan, the square was installed over a parking garage, and boasted large palm trees in concrete pots, together with several benches. He had tried to enter the hotel to get out of the sun, but the doors facing the square were locked, despite being massive, gilded, and fronting a splendid art deco foyer. He was guessing that the only way in was to make his way up through the private parking garage at the back, or perhaps to hail a cab. The Doritos were dry and difficult to swallow. He had bought them from a convenience store that had been unable to sell an accompanying can of cola, claiming that the "fascist state" would not permit this unless access to toilets was also allowed, which was not possible due to the nature of the rest of the clientele.
Jonathan had brought the Daily Student with him, since it was free. Flipping through for some news not relating to dining charges, he found on the inside pages a story of the opening of the trial of several policemen who had beaten up a black motorist, unwisely speeding in a white zone. But he was repeatedly  distracted by an elderly, bearded gentleman, picking string from between the toes of a pigeon, with a folding combat knife.
After ten minutes of contemplation, Jonathan was approached by a dusty man and boy, each carrying a large, leather-bound book. "Why, howdy there," said the father, weather-beaten and hungry-looking, with a wide moustache.
"Howdy," replied Jonathan, using the word for the first time, and quite liking it. He was not sure the use of "howdy" was sufficiently weighty to really count as a personal breakthrough, but it might perhaps be considered the icing on some other, more tangible, initiative. 
"We’re preaching the word of the Lord, why don’t you come with us to a really great church service?"
"Well, not at the moment," said Jonathan. "I’m thinking of going to the Biltmore for a martini, but I’m not quite sure where the entrance is. I may even give up, and go over to the Jonathan club!" In fact, he had no intention of doing either of these things, but thought it sounded elegant and purposeful.
The man’s nostrils flared and he sharply drew in his breath.
"Well sir, I do hope you are not going to drink that hard liquor. A man that drinks hard liquor doesn’t become himself. Who knows what may happen to him? The devil may get in his soul. The devil, no less. It’s happened to others, it may happen to you. Anyway, what’s that accent, where are you from?"
"I’m from Cornwall," said Jonathan.
"En-ger-land, hey?" The preacher cheered up. "I like that En-ger-land. Especially that mon-ar-chy."
"Really? Why is that?"
"Well, the 1290 expulsion, of course."
"The 1290?" asked Jonathan, thinking that a curious time for a train.
"Yes, that King Edward. He expelled the Jews, you know. It was in 1290."
Jonathan was lost for words.
"But you let them back in later. Ah, we should have expelled them too, you know. Now they are ruining this fine country with their debts and their banks. My son and me, this is Cliff, my son," he indicated the boy, who nodded solemnly, "we are preaching for the coming of the Lord. And the expulsion of the Jews. When they are sent back to their homeland, the Antichrist will descend, you know. It is in the book of Revelation. Cliff, he ministers to the young people mainly. But there aren’t many young people downtown, you know. It is mainly Mexicans, praying to that Antichrist. We were on the campus south-a-ways, but they threw us off, you know. Then the Salvation Army was supporting us, but they exiled us out of their shelter. Do you want to fall on your knees with us? Are you from that campus? I don’t like it there, they play that electronic music. It’s the devil’s music. The young people, they are corrupted. They are masturbating machines. Isn’t that right Cliff? Tell what you saw with your own eyes in your ministries to the young!"
"Yes sir," the boy nodded. "They are machines of mindless masturbations. I have seen it with my own eyes. Especially the boys."
"But doesn’t the Bible say you should dance and sing to praise the Lord?" asked Jonathan. He was happier recounting dimly recalled passages of the book of Psalms than discussing the Statutes of Jewry, which struck him as potentially controversial, and which he remembered scarcely at all, despite professing to be something of a medieval specialist. On the mindless masturbations, he considered it indelicate to remark, particularly since he had not yet secured entry to such circles.
"Hmm," said the preacher. "Well, yes, but that is hymns and god-fearing chanting and such like, not that devil dancing."
"We’re going back to Pensacola," said Cliff. "It’s a more god-fearing place, is Pensacola."
"I prefer Pepsi myself," said Jonathan, trying to lighten the mood.
"Well, the Lord keep you on that there cola, and stay away from that hard liquor."
"I may just do that," said Jonathan. The two missionaries walked over to speak to the man with the folding knife. Jonathan did not hear the reply, but the preachers stepped abruptly away.
The knife man turned to Jonathan. "Faggots," he said.
Jonathan nodded, smiling thinly.
"There was no warning," added the knife man, cleaning the weapon on his jeans.
"No?" said Jonathan, politely.
"No warning. Still there, on the bottom, where they put it. The Arizona."
Jonathan headed back to the Auditorium. To the squares of the downtown chessboard he mentally added a medieval block, where itinerant preachers railed against the Pope, immorality, usury and the Jews. But that was both the first and the last time he went to Pershing Square to sit in the morning.
***
"There she is," said Greg. "I’m guessing she didn’t join your gaming coven. Here’s a chance, if you want it." They were eating dinner in the cafeteria in the basement. It was full and noisy. Wendy was doing some laundry in the machines across the hall.
"No, this isn’t a good time," said Darjeeling, toying with his chicken. He would have preferred beef. In fact, a greasy beef burger, with fries. But the girls seemed to get more votes, and dinner was often some variety of chicken. 
"It’s never a good time," said Jonathan.
"OK," said Darjeeling. He suddenly stood up, and strode decisively across the dining room and up the walkway to the laundry machines. He approached Wendy.
"Hi," he said. She looked up in surprise, folding a blouse.
"Would you like to join me for dinner?" he continued. "We can put it on my card."
Wendy looked at him in suspicion, and then across at Jonathan and Greg watching from the tables.
"Uh, no," she said, without explanation. 
"OK," he replied. He turned round and went back to the buffet, picking up a plate, adding some vegetables, and returning to the table. The Latina from the downstairs convenience store, manning the till at the entrance to the restaurant, watched him with concern.
"Well, not much success there, then," said Greg.
"I think she’s probably a lesbian," said Darjeeling. "She has a crappy haircut."
"She seems OK to me," said Jonathan. They all looked back over at her. She saw them staring again, picked up her washing and went out to the elevators.
The cashier walked over to their table. "You," she said to Darjeeling. "Did you already pay tonight? I saw you walk straight in."
"I was sitting here then I walked over there and back here," said Darjeeling.
"I didn’t see you," she replied.
"He was," said Greg.
"Is that true, Jonathan?" she asked.
"It’s true," said Jonathan.
She went away unconvinced.
"That shop-girl is getting a bit above herself," said Darjeeling. "I think she needs a good raping."
"What, here?" enquired Greg.
"Yes, I think against that pillar there. Or maybe on the carpet. No, I’m not doing it there, it’s all dirty."
"They could vacuum a bit more often, to stop the rats," said Jonathan.
"I hate the rats," agreed Darjeeling. "And the women."
They finished their meal discussing the similarities.
***
Dear Parents,

Thank you for your many letters on the blue airmail paper. I am writing on this one with the university crest at the top. I would have felt a bit of a poseur to write with the Cambridge university crest when I was at Cambridge, but here it seems quite OK. I have got a university sweatshirt too. It is coming along very nicely here, I am doing a little work and teaching some students. They are quite a varied lot. I hope you are both well and have fixed the boat. It is very hot here, though not in the mornings. I will probably stay for summer, so luckily my room has air-conditioning. I have made a few friends. I’ve not heard from Elizabeth.
I am thinking of getting a car if I stay for summer, do you think it would be alright if I get a Jaguar? Apparently it is normal for the English people to drive one here. I am a bit short of money though. I have also visited the English and Irish pubs nearby. At the moment I have a discount pass for the buses, but they are quite an experience.
I don’t think I will be able to make Lucy’s wedding, but do tell her that they can come and sleep on my floor on the way to the honeymoon in Hawaii if they like. Not sure if her fiancé will be so happy with that though.

Best wishes,

Jonathan
***
After four weeks driving Jonathan around West LA, Odette seemed to decide their relationship had progressed to such a stage that it was time to go further afield. They pulled up to a one-story wooden shack somewhere in Pasadena, divided into two apartments. Odette headed for the left one, opened the screen door, hanging from only one hinge, and fiddled with the lock for a while. Inside, brightly colored clothes were strewn on a sofa and breakfast table. Photographs in cheap frames covered grubby, cream walls, many of an oversized white woman, in graduation attire, or in legal gowns, or performing in amateur dramatics. There were many pictures of her eating in restaurants. Two cats lay on the sofa, licking and grooming one another. They untangled and approached, a long haired white Persian and a short haired black tabby. The white one walked slowly on its paws, as though they were tender. Both were very round and hung their tongues out like dogs.
"These are pictures of Cynthia," announced Odette, proudly.
"Why did you bring me here, Odette?"
"I lived here for two years, I still have the keys. I was a kept woman."
"You were a kept woman?"
"Uh-huh. But I got head much more than I gave it."
"I didn’t really need to know that. So where is this Cynthia?"
"At a conference, I think. You can come with me to the airport and pick her up tomorrow."
"I don’t think so."
"She’s taken down all my pictures."
"No, there’s one over there." Jonathan pointed to a photo. The two women were in evening dress surrounded by men wearing tuxedos.
"That was the Hollywood Lawyers benefit night. They wanted some black lawyers but there weren’t any so I dressed up and went along. I’m going to be a lawyer one day."
Jonathan sat down at the table. "Well, why are you studying feminist theory?" he asked. "Go to law school then."
"I can’t pass the LSAT. How did you manage to get such a high score on that test, you only looked at it for about twenty minutes? Did you try it before?"
"I took it after I went down."
"Did you go down often at Cambridge?"
"At the end of every term, yes. Except once I stayed up all Easter."
"So the guy in the center gave you extra marks?"
"I don’t think so. But maybe they’ll give you extra points for being colored."
"I’m not colored. I’m a woman of color. And they did in fact, but I still couldn’t pass."
"Oh. I thought I was joking."
"You know, they say that test is color blind but those words are so racist, it’s totally difficult for me to get those marks."
"You’re sounding more serious than usual."
"Yes I’m tired, I’m more lucid when I’m tired. Lucid, heh? I’m starting to talk like you. I find it really difficult being around you. Talking like this all the time. Can’t you just relax? Gives me a headache."
"Are we going back to the Auditorium now?"
"No, we’re staying the night here."
The two cats followed Odette around as she looked in the kitchen for food. "Never anything to eat," she muttered.
"I can’t stay here in someone else’s flat, did you ask them?"
"No. You’re going to sleep with me in Cynthia’s bed. First you give me head. Then if you’re lucky I might let you have sex. Did you bring condoms?"
"No, look I’m not sleeping here with you or anyone. And certainly not in this Cynthia’s bed. I don’t have any condoms, can I go home now?"
"Sure. Oh, I forgot, you don’t have a car. Walk if you like. Maybe an hour to the bus stop, don’t know how late they run. Hundred dollar taxi-ride, but they take credit cards. Oh, I forgot, you don’t have a credit card. So you don’t want to eat me out? Found it. I don’t know why she keeps half empty cans of cat food in the fridge. That’s so disgusting. Get your stuff off then. I’ll find you some PJ’s."
Odette spooned the cat food out into a bowl and entered the bedroom. Jonathan looked around for somewhere else to sleep. The couch was too short and covered with cat hairs. He tried to take off the cushions, but they could not be detached. The black cat mewed loudly, as though worried it might have to sleep on the floor. The carpet was filthy with well-treaded pasta sauce.
Odette emerged guffawing. "Put this on!" she demanded. It was a woman’s slip, rather wide, and far too short to serve as a nightshirt.
"I don’t think so," said Jonathan. She had already persuaded him to throw away his combat fatigues and smelly jacket, indeed, to be more accurate, had thrown them away herself, replacing them with tie-dye shirts and knee-length surfer shorts that were actually quite chilly to wear in the LA night. He had drawn the line at an onion-seller beret she had found in a second-hand store on Melrose, staffed by a bald man with many rings in his nose and the iron cross tattooed on the lower rear of his head.
"Suit yourself," she said, and went back to the bedroom. Jonathan poured a glass of water. Ten minutes later he switched off the lights in the lounge, entered the bedroom, took off his top and crawled into the bed quietly next to her, pulling the sheet over them both.
Then suddenly she was on him, like a great dog slobbering over a child on the floor.
"We should have brought condoms," she said again, casting off the sheet and panting in his face with a hot, damp breath. She wore a t-shirt hiding her stomach, but no knickers.
"I’m gonna sit on your face," she said.
"No you’re not," said Jonathan.
She was too tired to make an issue of it. She touched her lips lightly to his, grunted, rolled off him, and turned on her side. In thirty seconds she was asleep and snoring quietly. Jonathan waited until it seemed safe, then turned on his side and tried to fall asleep as well.
***
Not all trips by car were good trips, reflected Jonathan, but it remained only possible to escape the Auditorium by bus, tram, or begging a lift. This morning he had got a lift to campus in Greg’s battered Plymouth Valiant. Greg insisted on referring to it as "Meine auto", in a curious mix of European languages that showed snobbishness and ignorance at the same time. The vehicle had been hand-painted in grey, and the brush marks were still visible. The roof had been cut off, apparently with a hacksaw, and a fabric convertible top designed for another model bolted on. The remaining sharp edges were covered in silver duct tape. The carpet had been taken out as it got wet whenever it rained, and replaced with polythene sheeting, secured with the same tape. The brakes made a grinding noise and pulled to the right at every red light. It was a Hawaiian model without a heater, and this would have been a significant disadvantage in the early morning, were it possible to raise the roof.
Arriving safely, Jonathan scanned the room apprehensively. There were rather fewer students than in previous classes. His professor had warned him that this would happen when it came close to handing in some work. Most were yawning and doodling, except for those staring at him impassively, arms crossed. He had finally finished the Roman Empire and was moving towards Saint Augustine’s Confessions, by explaining the concept of vicarious atonement, though weeks after they had been supposed to write essays on it. He was using a conceit he had heard in a Christian youth group many years before (although the Saint had not himself been mentioned on that occasion).
"So if we have here the sin of man and Adam on one side of the board, and the goodness of God on the other, how can we bridge that gap?"
He paused expectantly, and then turned and drew a nice cross between the two mountains. Someone gasped, doubtless understanding for the first time the mystery of salvation, having heard it many times in creeds and sermons, but in mute incomprehension.
"You see, there is nothing man himself can do to bridge that gap. It requires faith, and the cross of Christ. Take, for example, Hitler."
Several students sat upright in their chairs. Hitler was the only historical figure they liked to talk about. Jonathan had long since given up attempting to discuss any medieval personage. He had heard that in previous years Robin Hood had been promising, but this depended largely on the television schedules. He had mentioned Stalin to the other class, but had only drawn blank stares.
"Now it so happens that Hitler was actually a nice man. He only had one girlfriend and married her just before killing himself. He was very kind to animals and banned vivisection."
"Is that really true?" asked the spotted boy at the back, turning his baseball cap.
"He was a vegetarian," replied Sarah at the front, impatiently. She had cast off her Renaissance garb and wore jeans and a DKNY t-shirt. In fact, Jonathan had only realized it was the same person after she had spoken and revealed her braces.
"Really?" asked the other student, looking at Jonathan. "I’ve lost all respect for him."
"I believe that is true," said Jonathan, who in fact had no idea but thought it would be good to agree with the girl. "But," said Jonathan, eager that his point be not lost, "does the fact that he was kind to animals make you feel better about his many atrocities? I don’t think so. In the same way, however much good you do, you can never get close to God by your own efforts. It requires the sacrifice of Christ and the grace of God, because Christ has taken the punishment for you. Simple, eh?"
Jonathan smiled in contented triumph, having both elicited a discussion (albeit about Hitler) and explained a doctrine that had bothered him greatly in his youth.
"Why don’t we just fry the sinners themselves?"
"As I said, they’ve sinned such a lot that there would be too much frying going on."
"Well they should have thought about that before sinning. And why does some innocent guy have to take it instead? What sort of jellyfish is going to grab his ankles for someone else, anyway?"
There was an intake of breath. "Jesus was not a jellyfish," said one of the Asian girls. "He was a lion."
"Well he sounds like a jellyfish to me."
"Jesus, that man was a bear," proclaimed a huge black football player at the front. Jonathan did not recall him having said anything before. He was wearing a great, solid gold cross around his neck. "A mighty bear. With huge claws. That’s what he was. I’m telling you. In fact, that’s what he is."
No-one ventured to disagree. 
"Yes. Maybe. Well, I was talking about what Saint Augustine thought, anyway," said Jonathan, not wanting to get out of his depth, and suddenly realizing he did not understand the doctrine of vicarious atonement. He changed subject quickly.
"So, if we get back to the essays I asked you to do, how does this link to Augustine being so upset about stealing the peach?"
"It was a pear," said someone. Jonathan knew this, but always called it a peach in the hope that someone would correct him, thus creating some feedback.
"OK, a pear then, so worth even less than a peach. Though maybe not in North Africa!" He paused, but no-one laughed. "Anyway, this worried him a lot, but compared to what the other Romans were doing in those days, I’m not sure stealing a pear was so bad. Do you know why it bothered him?"
"Well, if you’re asking me, this Saint Augustine dude, he should like stop his confessing and get a life already."
"I’m sorry?" said Jonathan, speechless. It was another of the football players. 
"He’s like such a total loser. Who cares about a pear?"
"Yeah," added someone else. "Does he think he’s something special? He should go buy a condo."
"And get one with parking," added one of the Asian girls, nodding vigorously in agreement.
"Uh, yes," said Jonathan. "Well, I think Augustine was thinking in a broader context, you know, like life, death, good, evil, God, and such like."
The football player looked down at his notebook as though to say, well, I’m not going to argue with the professor.
"Did they believe in astrology, too?" asked Sarah. "What star sign are you?"
Jonathan did not know what star sign he was, so attempted the first question. "They didn’t believe in it like we do," he said. "I mean, not like people who are interested in astrology think about it now."
"That’s such shit," said the spotted boy at the back. "How can he believe in God and in astrology too?"
"It’s not rubbish," said Jonathan. "They see that things in the sky clearly affect us, like the sun warms us up. And you have thunder and lightning coming from the sky. Then you have the moon, that governs the tides." He paused, searching for the right phrase, then went on "and other things seem to have a lunar cycle. Anyway, so they thought maybe the stars affect us too."
"That’s so disgusting!" said an Asian girl, laughing.
"No it’s not," said Sarah.
"I just can’t believe it!" said the spotted boy. "I’m paying all this money to be told astrology is related to women’s shit and that I should be thinking there’s like some sort of bear god."
"Look," Jonathan was getting exasperated. "I didn’t say astrology was true and I certainly didn’t say there was a God."
Suddenly there was a rumbling from above and the room started to shake. Jonathan looked behind him, and then back at the class. The students had disappeared.
"Get down!" Sarah said, from below the table at the front. He saw they had all dived quickly underneath their desks.
He climbed down and knelt beside her, feeling a little foolish, though strangely safer. A siren sounded outside.
"Don’t you have earthquake drills in England?" she asked, as the floor rocked slightly again. "This is a big one," she continued. "If you can feel it in the basement, imagine what it’s like at the top of the building. You can sit on the floor, it’s awkward to kneel."
They crouched together. Again, Jonathan had difficulty deciding what to say. Possibly something about the 1290 expulsion of the Jews, as her nose seemed vaguely ethnic? But he settled on "Have you heard of Mount Vesuvius?" which seemed more directly relevant.
"I think that was a volcano," she said.
"Oh, right," said Jonathan, taken aback by finding a student who actually knew some Ancient and Medieval history. "Where are you from?"
"Manhattan Beach High."
"High what?"
"High School. I’m a freshman. So you could say I am like Sarah of Manhattan Beach."
"Well, I guess I am Jonathan of England. Or Cornwall. Via Cambridge, of course."
"But I did a cruise with my folks that had a tour of Pompeii. I thought Rome was good too. I prefer that Renaissance stuff."
"I haven’t been to Italy," confessed Jonathan.
"Really? Isn’t it, like, quite close to England? How can you teach us this when you haven’t been there? Oh I’m so sorry," she smiled, revealing her braces. Crawling closer to him under the desk, the DKNY t-shirt rode up above her hips, revealing a fashionably frayed and unbelted jeans waistline, with the top button unfastened. "I didn’t mean to sound accusing. We like your classes. You’re much better than the other T.A. You speak great English, for a start. By the way, do you know what really happened to Caligula? We were watching a film about him in the dorm."
"Did he commit suicide?" guessed Jonathan, impressed. "I should really recommend that you read the Lives of the Caesars, I think it’s Suetonius. Are you a history major?"
"No, drama and journalism. We are doing Midsummer Night’s Dream and writing journalistic reports on what happens."
"Sounds a pretty modern idea for a course!" 
"That’s what I thought, but I like walked into the classroom, and there were typewriters. Like, real typewriters. And when they said cut and paste, they meant literally, cut and paste."
 "Well, the play’s about ancient Greece, isn’t it? Before they even had typewriters."
"Wow! We were all saying that you seem so young to, like, know the knowledge. But," she added conspiratorially, "we think you should grade more, like, subjectively."
"I have found an inscription for my gravestone," said Jonathan. "‘He who knew the knowledge’. But don’t you mean ‘objectively’?"
"I don’t know. Do I? But we’re not going to die yet! That was the second siren, you can get up now."
"I’d better go home and check the Auditorium is still standing. It’s pretty old."
"That dorm downtown? The one with the Nazis? Did you go to the screening? Someone rung in a story on that for the paper. Said we should have spotted it from the ad we ran. I looked up the ad, but it was in some foreign language. And I couldn’t find anyone who went."
"Not me," said Jonathan. "I think it was all a sort of joke."
"Really? Wow, that’s a pretty subtle joke. I had to look it up. In an encyclopedia. So it’s a pretty interesting place, huh? I thought about moving there but they prefer over 21s. I guess cause it’s underage for all the drink and the drugs. On campus we just have the ice cream socials, you know."
"We have those too. But I think it’s more that it’s supposed to be quite an intellectual place. So I’m sure there’re some spaces now the Greek types have moved out. Try again." 
Going back to the Auditorium, he arrived at the edge of campus across the road from the bus stop, just as the tram was arriving. The crossing light was on red. Excited by the earthquake, and his conversation with Sarah, and remembering that he was trying to live a bit more, he decided to rush across the road towards the tram. There was a break in the traffic, he got to the central island, and paused. A battered Cadillac passed. The tram reached the stop. A patrol motorcycle pulled in front of him and sounded its siren briefly. Jonathan looked down the road but could not see anyone committing a traffic offence, though the tires on the Cadillac did seem flat. The leftward indicator of the tram started flashing, but it did not pull away. The patrolman stopped his motorcycle, lowered the stand and reached for his notebook. Jonathan wondered whether to continue his crossing. The officer beckoned, with a slight movement of two fingers in a black leather glove. Jonathan went over to him.
"I gotta see some I.D.," said the patrolman.
"I don’t have any," said Jonathan.
"I gotta see some I.D.," repeated the officer. Jonathan took out his wallet and handed over his university identification.
"This is a library card," said the officer.
"Yes," said Jonathan, in a co-operative way. "It’s for the library on campus. I am a student here."
"Look, you have to have proper I.D. I should arrest you right here. Are you on vacation? Where’s your passport?"
"No, I’m a student here. The passport is in my dorm."
"Are you from En-ger-land? I recognize your accent."
"Yes," said Jonathan. "But it’s not safe to carry my passport all the time."
The officer closed his notebook. "I like that guy on Lifestyles of the Rich and Famous."
"Really?" said Jonathan, not quite sure what this meant, but taking the closing of the notebook as a positive sign.
The officer threw his leg back around his machine. His revolver felt out of its holster and clattered in the gutter. They both stared at it.
"I hate it when that happens," he said.
"I bet," said Jonathan. The officer picked up the gun.
"Well, OK, remember, you gotta carry some I.D. You should get a driver’s license."
"I don’t drive," said Jonathan.
"You don’t need to drive to get a license," said the officer, enigmatically. "Just get a license, and only cross when the light is green, OK?"
Jonathan was tempted to explore further the notion of a driver’s license for non-drivers. Or perhaps he might even enquire of the officer why he wasn’t arresting gang members a few blocks to the south instead of harassing perfectly respectable philosophy students. But upon reflection, he simply agreed, "OK!"
The patrolman got back on his bike and, with a glance over his shoulder, drove off. Jonathan went to wait at the bus stop, the tram just pulling away, having stayed a while to watch the entertainment.
When Jonathan returned to the Auditorium he found plaster flaking from the ceiling of the entrance lobby and the security guards muttering about another leak in the basement. In his room new cracks in the wall had appeared, between the air-conditioning unit and the bolts fastening the arm of the sprung door-closing mechanism.
That morning he had difficulty sleeping. On the one hand, it had been a little stressful, being stopped by the officer. On the other hand, finally nothing bad had happened. He had not even got a ticket. Perhaps he could safely ignore the annoying little "Don’t Walk" signs in future? He also worried about the lifestyles of the rich and famous. Would he ever be rich and famous? And was it true that Saint Augustine should have got a life "already"? Should Tolstoy and Rousseau also have got a life? The possibilities were endless. And did this Sarah actually like him? Was she just fishing for a grade? Was she simply well brought up, with good interpersonal skills? Or was she perhaps all of these? And should he grade more subjectively, or objectively?
But most of all he worried about the precise meaning of "already", in the phrase "Saint Augustine should get a life already." And each movement he made caused the bed to vibrate with a motion that might, just possibly, indicate the first tremors of another earthquake.
***
Next day, Wendy saw a flyer about a tax seminar organized by the Office for International Students, and started to worry about how to pay her taxes, since she did not have any money. It was being held in a classroom on campus, and as she arrived she saw, with surprise, that Jonathan had turned up as well. Since he was on his own, she slipped into a chair beside him. The other participants appeared to be from India or Pakistan. The seminar was held by an actual live official from the US Internal Revenue Service, who wore glasses, a tie, a grey suit, and even had a briefcase, which he had put on the table in front of him, creating an additional barrier between himself and the audience.
"Is my computer desk deductible?" asked an Indian.
"No, of course not. You need a desk anyway. It’s not deductible for your work."
"But it is a special desk for my computer. I actually use it in my work."
"Well, if it’s a special desk, then of course it’s deductible," said the official, without embarrassment.
"When do I need this sailing permit?" asked another.
"It’s a form you need to get from us or you can’t leave the country. Otherwise you can be stopped anytime at the airport."
"But I’ve left the country lots of times and I’ve never been stopped."
"Then you’ve been lucky so far."
"How many people have been stopped?"
"I think we stopped a drug dealer once, because no-one would testify against him."
"Didn’t he get his sailing permit?"
"You’re right, it turned out he’d got one. We let him go."
"Do I have to pay tax on my scholarship?" asked Jonathan.
"Of course, everyone has to pay tax."
"But how much is it, and how do I pay it?"
"It’s withheld at source. You claim it back after deductions."
"But there’s no tax withheld."
The official slid his glasses back up his nose. "You want to pay tax when there’s no tax withheld?"
"I don’t particularly want to pay it," said Jonathan.
"Everyone has to pay tax," said the official, confidently. "I am not here to tell you how much tax you have to pay. Just send us a check. But if it is the wrong amount you might be fined."
"What do I have to do?" asked Wendy. "I don’t have any money."
"What are you living on then? Did you bring some money with you?"
"Yes, I brought some money my father had saved up. I spent it on an engineering textbook."
"The book would be deductible," said the official, moving on quickly.
Afterwards, Jonathan and Wendy sat together going back on the tram.
"That was quite exciting, wasn’t it?" said Jonathan. "My academic seminars are never like that."
"He didn’t say what to do," said Wendy.
"No, but there seemed to be a certain reality to the process, don’t you think? It was as though, in principle at least, there was a correct amount of tax that had to be paid, and it would move from one wallet to another."
"Yes, I like numbers," said Wendy. "I am studying physics and engineering. But maybe I will become a tax person instead."
"Me too," agreed Jonathan.
"I think you would be really good at tax, Jonathan."
"Yes, probably," said Jonathan. "But numbers are a bit simple for me, perhaps."
"Yes, you’re right," said Wendy, nodding at him earnestly. "Now I think about it, you just add them up, don’t you?"
Jonathan nodded affably in return, and started to skim the student newspaper.
"Look at this," he said. "Teaching Assistant Causes Tremor. Yesterday, a teaching assistant was heard to say in a philosophy class that he did not believe there was a God. Immediately, a severe earthquake struck the campus, triggering the disaster alert systems. Students in the class have told your Investigative Reporter that they will believe in God in future."
"Is that you?" said Wendy.
"Yes, but it’s not true."
"Of course not. No-one causes earthquakes!"
"No, I meant I didn’t say there wasn’t a God. I don’t think she understood me very well." 
"Oh," said Wendy, relapsing into silence. 
***
It being Friday, the evening was for downtown drinking. But first Greg went down to the gym, having seen a notice announcing a pool tournament starting at 19:00 hours, and thinking it might make a nice appetizer. He had not yet got out of the habit of being on time, and was annoyed to find no-one there. He wandered over to the music rooms, hearing some arpeggios. These were small cubicles in the basement, slightly damp. A tiny window was set in each door, to which some musicians taped a paper from the inside as they settled down, concealing their identity. Tonight only one window was blocked, though the number of flautists in the building did not exceed one, and a large one at that.
 Another room held a baby grand piano, probably once the pride of the Music School. When he had been deciding where to rent a room, this practice piano had been the deciding factor. Unfortunately, he had not actually tried the piano before signing the contract. The university was negotiating to have the cubicles waterproofed, but it was too late for this instrument. Several keys were sticking where the mechanism had swollen following a drip in the ceiling after heavy rain. Fortunately, the drips were in the very highest octaves, so this bothered only the most virtuoso pianists. Veronica was playing the same arpeggio repeatedly, from the top of the keyboard to the bottom. Sometimes she also played a fiddly bit between arpeggios. Greg did not know how many times the arpeggio featured in the piece she was practicing, though he could remember her playing that or a very similar phrase several weeks previously. A native of Riverside, her father a dentist and brother an electrical engineer, she practiced every afternoon and much of the evening, as though desperately trying to escape a tariff of molding or soldering. Greg peered through her porthole for a few moments. She did not see him, and continued searching for the perfect evenness of touch and digital fluidity that might one day break the adamantine figures into graceful Lipizzaners. She wore a white t-shirt and denim shorts. Her skin was olive, her fingers long and smooth, her complexion clean and unspeckled. Her hair was now tied back, glistening. Greg had first met her in the bar upstairs while sharing a beer with Casey, whose hair she had flicked in passing, it being almost as long as hers. 
"Not bad," Greg had said. "Is that your girlfriend?"
"Sure, we’ve been sleeping together for, like, three months now."
"Looks good, how did you meet her?"
"She was in the room across, like, the corridor, dude. She doesn’t take drugs or anything."
"Does she drink, then, or smoke up?"
"No, she’s, like, just a really fun person to be with. And she was real easy."
Then they had ordered another light beer and looked at some videos on the TV behind the bar, laughing that the cone-breasted Madonna seemed ancient compared to the local talent.
But when it came to the Goldberg Variations, Veronica was not so relaxed. Sometimes she found herself in tears, playing there on her own. Whether because she could not get the notes right, was overcome by the power of the music, or had not wanted to be "easy", she would have found it difficult to say. But now she focused like a racing driver, without looking at the music or her hands.
In the compositions of that period there were already too many notes, reflected Greg, as he passed along to the secret cranny of the Coke dispenser. He tried to feed in a dollar bill. It was rejected with a disapproving whine. Greg tried a few more times. There was no hurry. He had all night. At least. But several dozen arpeggios later, he still remained without Coke. Finally he kicked the machine, rather high up, where its abdomen would have been. This made a dull thump. Veronica and the flautist were not disturbed.
Greg wandered over to the restroom, then back to the dining room and walked to a tinkly upright on the stage. He began a Fillmore foxtrot. But he did not have the music with him, so many of the notes were wrong.
 Entertainment was proving difficult to find. Finally he got up and approached the computer lab. Sitting at the desk by the entrance, staring blankly at the telephone, was a solemn Middle-Easterner, dubbed by Darjeeling the "Nameless Musulman", for trivial Persian reasons.
"I was thinking you were coming one half hour ago to take over from me," the Musulman said, flatly.
"I was thinking the same," said Greg. They contemplated one another, inscrutably.
"You are not coming to take over from me?" said the Musulman.
"I am not coming here," said Greg, enigmatically.
"Then I will stay sitting here," said the Musulman.
"And so you shall," said Greg. As, indeed, he did.
Inside, earnest scholars pressed their noses close to grey Macintosh computers with minute, monochrome screens, playing Crystal Quest. There was even a Crystal Quest league, the scores neatly tabulated in marker pen on the wall, and this was as close as many of the residents of the Auditorium got to study. Actual study was not possible in the computer lab, due to the deafening clatter of a dot matrix printer. No-one knew how to cancel a print job, and if the printer was switched off, it just started printing again when switched back on. Each night, some smart interloper would appear, decide to print his or her MA thesis on the "free" Auditorium printer, and then go away shortly after spotting that it was not, in fact, a laser printer. So it clattered away interminably, and no-one could print anything until many dozens of pages of MA dissertation had fed their way through the cogwheels. The residents had repeatedly asked for a laser printer, but each time Teresa had advised them that it was "impossible". "If the low-life come here to use a laser printer when we don’t even have a laser printer," she had opined, "then imagine what it would be like if we actually did have one!" Her logic was, for once, impeccable and, as always, economical, but did mean that the waste paper bins were always overflowing.
In the corner a pudgy fellow, face hidden by a baseball cap, sat at an old IBM PC, surrounded by spiral-bound manuals. Every few minutes he would type with two fingers on the antique keyboard, making a sound like a Remington, and then sit back and contemplate the green screen, as though waiting for the computer to reply. He was, as he informed Greg, playing a game with many dozens of people at universities around the nation. He might appear an overweight international student pining for his high school physics club, working on an authentic New York accent, though actually having completed an MA from Rutgers. It might seem he had not yet found a replacement for his father’s Italian barber, or even a local pharmacy selling acne cream. But in fact he was the commander of a phalanx of spaceships, several planets, constellations even, the co-ordinates of which were displayed minute-by-minute in line-by-line updates from a flashing cursor in a lighter shade of green. And from time to time a friend or enemy, who might be anywhere in the country, would send a nice message, which appeared as soon as it was sent. "Gazooks, you sunk my battleship!" "Plonker! Keep an eye on the leftmost quadrant of the alpha sector!" "Screw yourself, faggot!"
"Are they allowed to use bad language like that?" asked Greg, reading over his shoulder.
"Sure, I can type what I like."
"But suppose the computer admins see it?"
"There aren’t any."
"How do you know there isn’t some nutter on the end of the line?"
"There are enough nutters at this end."
"OK. That’s not very sociable, though. Do you want to shoot some pool?"
"What for?"
Greg was nonplussed for a second. "Well, to play pool, I suppose. There’s no-one on the table. No, actually, let’s go up to the Biltmore."
"No, I mean, how much per frame?"
"The table in the Biltmore is free, it’s like a classic table."
"No, dickhead. I mean, how much money is on each frame?"
"Oh, I don’t know. Twenty dollars?"
Darjeeling, for it was he, stood up immediately and pressed a key combination that shut down the machine.
"Those are worthy words, old chap. I’ll get dressed and we’ll go."
"You’re already dressed," Greg said.
"No, I’m going to get dressed for the Biltmore. You’re not going up there with a Blondie tank-top and torn jeans, are you? It’s not like you’ve a six pack to show the waitresses."
"Um, I guess not." Greg had not expected to have his physique and dress sense criticized by a geek, even a rather eccentric one. Though he did not work on his muscles, and was surprisingly small, he could still have passed for a lightweight boxer.
"And where did you get that haircut?" continued Darjeeling.
"In the barber school, a few blocks away. It’s only a few dollars, and you can tell a nice Latina exactly how you want it."
"Well, whatever else you wanted it wasn’t that haircut. We’ll go to Steppes afterwards, right? When the waitresses crouch down to take your order with that funny smile you can see right down their cleavage. Meet you in the lobby in twenty minutes."
Darjeeling stalked off, removing his Mets cap in preparation, Greg following. They ran into some RAs descending the stairs, carrying the pool balls.
"Come and play," said June, indicating the noticeboard. "We’re having an intramural."
"You’re late," said Greg, but he and Darjeeling followed them into the gym.
"We’ll play teams based on people’s floors," said Kurt. "Then you all get to make friends with new people on your corridors. What floors are you guys all on?"
"I don’t know anyone on my floor," lied Darjeeling. "Except Little Jesus, and he only plays chess. How can I be in a team with people I don’t know?"
"If you knew them you wouldn’t need to be in a team with them," said June, impatiently.
"Well, let’s play billiards then," said Darjeeling.
"What’s billiards?"
"It’s with three balls, you try to pot them or bounce them off one another."
"Sounds boring," said Kurt.
"It is," confirmed Greg, having already suffered through this particular conceit.
"Well, we’ll go up to the Biltmore then," said Darjeeling.
"If you leave, you can’t come back to play," said June.
"OK," said Darjeeling, and turned suddenly on his heels, Greg following him.
"Well, they could have gone and gotten drunk, and come back in," explained June, apologetically.
"This isn’t high school," said Kurt. "They could go get drunk in their rooms. In fact, I might go get drunk in my room."
June ventured across to the computer room. "Does anyone want to play pool?" she asked. A few boys looked up from their screens, then looked down again.
She approached the Musulman. "Do you want to play pool?" she asked.
"No," he replied.
 The RAs went back to the gym and played against one another for a while, and then drifted upstairs to look at TV, flip through a few textbooks, or drink peacefully, according to disposition.
***
After collecting Jonathan and Max, they strolled up to the Grand Avenue Bar of the Biltmore, which was almost empty, although only about nine. Nodding affably to the waitress, they settled down to the pool table.
They were accosted by a black man in a wheelchair, somewhat dapper, asking if he could play. Of course, they said, and the winner of the next frame was put up against him. For twenties, he asked? But they preferred not, and showed him how to play billiards, and the mysteries of the three point shot.
The games proceeded. He was not a normal wheelchair player, and made some good shots, though missed other easy and crucial ones. When he disappeared to the restroom, in the middle of a frame, they speculated on whether he was, in fact, a hustler, sizing them up, or whether his skill came from the additional stability offered by the wheelchair. Gary, an aged Armenian bartender, but still with thick and curly grey hair, affected not to know, but confessed that the fellow was not a stranger to the hotel. The waitress was by now ignoring them completely, having not received a tip for the bottles of imported beer she had brought with such a smile. The Persian leant over the table sizing up his shot, careful that the ash from his clove should fall, not a lot, but a little, on the beautiful cloth of the Brunswick.
"A Guinness stout!" he demanded of the waitress as she passed.
"That’s in the other bar," she replied. "You have to go round the front."
"But you’re a waitress, aren’t you? Can’t you bring me a bottle back here?"
"It’s round the front," she repeated.
"Here’s a tip," he said, turning out his pocket and scattering a handful of coins on the cloth. The waitress paused to see what else he would produce.
"Actually," said Darjeeling, "now I think about it, I can always use the quarters." He picked them up one by one, peering at each as if to check they were genuine. The waitress turned her head away.
"No really," laughed Darjeeling. "I’ve left plenty of dimes!" He grabbed her by the shoulder. 
"Don’t touch me!" she said, and stalked away.
Since they had not managed to resist a small wager on the frame, and they were losing, and the hustler had left the only credit card behind the bar, and he appeared to be stuck in some disabled toileting mechanism, they snuck out to the marble restrooms and then, not risking the likelihood that the exit to Pershing Square was still locked against the local residents, ventured through the chandeliered passageway opposite The Exchequer Hotel, which they entered, and engaged in some checkers, no less, being waved towards the table with the invitation "Please play!" by a tall and elegant gentleman at the reception, casting an admiring eye on their youth, if not their dress.
There the waitress was herself young and preferred the more affluent clientele, who were absent from the bar and seated in the restaurant opposite. She examined them suspiciously. After she brought a few martinis, without however taking the precaution of requiring a credit card as deposit, they began to throw the counters at one another, but only when she was not looking. Since their antics appeared to evoke playful glances rather than irritation from the mostly elderly male diners, they decided the place was "grandfather fag city", and hit the sidewalks, waiting until the waitress had ventured to the rear of the restaurant to search for a "dash of grenadine" for the bloody martini; but not without a five dollar tip and a knowing wink to the receptionist, who wished that the boys return again soon.
Passing an adjacent boutique, still open, ties laid out in thin, transparent plastic sleeves, in case a coachload of Japanese tourists should magically appear, Max introduced himself to the proprietor.
"I sell ties," he said. "What’s your brand?"
"Mainly Armani," said the old Japanese lady, with interest.
"I sell Classica Laguna Seca, it’s very trendy now. It’s endorsed by Armani. I can get you a good deal."
"Laguna Seca? I have not heard of it."
"It’s the latest thing, among the best people. You’ll see them at the Oscars."
"Maybe, but my customers have not heard of the brand. I won’t be able to sell any."
After an extended and fruitless exchange, he gave up. They proceeded out of the hotel, and set out towards the east, to skid row, to the garment district, and to Joe’s "bookstore". Passing the last surviving Arby’s, their expedition attracted much attention from security cameras and passing curb-crawlers, asking if they would care for a blow or a smoke. A patrol car stopped, the officers glaring inscrutably at them through their sunglasses, before proceeding slowly along the boulevard.
There were no normal people there whatsoever. They stumbled over a locked magazine stall, and flipped through damp boxes of pornographic granny shots, left open. Was there no market even for the grannies now? They ventured to relieve themselves behind a pile of rotting rubbish, and were shocked to disturb a local resident who immediately offered her services for forty dollars, quickly falling to fifteen. She was about thirty, black, wearing tight cycling shorts, and might have been more confident in her pricing had she benefited from a larger number of teeth on the right side of her mouth. Greg was tempted, but the teeth were, in fact, the deal breaker. She followed them down the sidewalk a little way before tailing off and returning to her bed of radical freesheets, now blessed with an olive and onion flavored essence freshly decanted from the daring quaffers of the Gibson.
"I smell public urine!" they cried, though not very drunk, because of the great expense. A Volvo with three black men and a smashed side window drifted towards them. It hooted.
 "Could you spare five dollars for gas?" asked one of the men, rolling down an intact window.
"At least you have a car," they replied.
"Sure, yeah I guess you could say that," came the reply, and the vehicle drifted off, turning the wrong way down a one way street and climbing Bunker Hill, emitting a flabby thudding from a constipated woofer.
They passed the theaters on Broadway, now chained shut. One had a flyer: "This Sunday, non-stop Charlie Chaplin from 10am. No unaccompanied adults allowed."
"Shouldn’t that say "no children unaccompanied by adults?" asked Jonathan.
"No, I don’t think so. They are saying they don’t want any adults who might not be accompanying the children, if you know what I mean."
"But if the children are accompanied, how could they?" persevered Jonathan. "And why would a child want to see Chaplin anyway?"
 "My brother goes there a lot," said Max. "They have a special priestly day out to watch Chaplin films."
"Are you suggesting something?" said Greg.
"No, they just like, like the dark suit," said Max.
"How many likes can you get in one sentence?" said Jonathan.
"Oh, I’m nothing. The girls are better. June can tell a whole story with nothing but likes without, like, liking anything." 
On closer examination, the poster was dated eighteen months ago, and the padlock on the door was rusty. The other cinemas showed action movies, but dubbed into Spanish, as Jonathan had already established to his cost a previous weekend. They were also shut now.
"So, where the hell is this porno shop," said Greg.
They passed a homeless man, spread-eagled in the middle of a junction, his boots torn off and his hands above his head. A red "Don’t Cross" sign blinked manically, as though signaling to crowds of smoking, panama-hatted commuters rushing to step up on the platform of a tram retreating into the distance. But the commuters were long gone, and the trams still longer.
 "He lies here most evenings after the offices shut," said Max. "Every hour or so evangelicals from out of town, in search of the entrance to a hotel parking garage, will stop their Oldsmobiles and ask if he’s alright. Then his eyes will flick open, and he will accept a lift to his hostel and request a hundred dollar loan, until next Tuesday."
Jonathan noticed that the man had actually placed himself quite accurately along the line dividing the lanes.
"Hah! Is he going to write their addresses in his notebook?" said Darjeeling.
"Lacking a personal organizer," clarified Jonathan, "I suppose he often finds it difficult to recall their addresses and repay this money. This concerns him greatly, and so he returns once more. In a sort of atonement. In fact, I see here not an abject loss of hope, but a form of nobility in suffering."
"I think you’ve hit the nail there," agreed Max.
"And thus he lies before us," continued Jonathan, "like a Christ of St John, sentenced not to the cross, but to the crossing."
They approached the middle of the road. Contemplating him for a while, they nodded together in solemn agreement. A black homeless man with a crowbar stood on the opposite sidewalk, checking out a parked car, which had unwisely been left with its windows shut.
"What this guy needs is a Dayrunner," announced Darjeeling, suddenly. "Hey," he shouted down, "do you want a Dayrunner to help you pay your bills?"
The man on the crossing did not move.
"We should play dice," said Darjeeling. "For his garments."
"I don’t want his garments."
"Well you can give them to the poor. The even poorer, I mean."
Three Latino men approached from around the corner, zipping up their jeans. In Los Angeles, the sidewalks did not serve precisely the same function as elsewhere.
"What you do to that guy?" said one.
"He’s nothing to do with me," said Darjeeling. "Do you want to play craps? We could use a blanket."
"For him?"
"No, to toss the dice on."
"I don’t know either of them," said Greg, disowning both Darjeeling and the man on the crossing.
"Me neither," said Jonathan.
"So do you got any bills?" asked the tallest of the Latinos. He was unshaven, with a brown leather jacket. "I hear you talk bills."
"Sure, but they’re paid, thanks," said Darjeeling. "He’s got some. Ask him. But first, craps on the crossing! It’ll be legendary."
The man on the crossing opened his eyes and raised his head. He took in the situation. He stood up, and fled spritely to the East, past the man with the crowbar, who approached them a little closer, swaying back and forth.
"No, I say, do you got any bills?"
The men spread out, one standing in the road. Greg balanced on the balls of his feet and started to breathe more calmly. He remembered his military training. The best way to win a fight was to run away faster than your buddies. Jonathan stood close to him, not having previously been involved in a fight, and wondering if he could take a punch and play dead.
Max said something to the newcomers in Spanish. They replied. A click and a glint at the thigh of one of the men suggested this had not improved matters. Jonathan considered whether he should have stayed in Cambridge after all.
"Cheap taxi?"
Jonathan turned round to see behind them a brightly lit minibus emitting a slow, soul music beat. "Cheap taxi?" repeated the driver, opening the door with his lever. "Oh, it’s you guys," he said, in recognition.
It was Dave and the university tram, moonlighting.
"OK, I guess you don’t gotta pay," said Dave. The assailants nodded in understanding.
"Nice ride home," said their leader.
"Why thank-you again," said Darjeeling. "And if I have any bills that need dealing with, I’ll be pleased to discuss them with you."
They climbed aboard the tram.
"It’s just a bit quiet in the evenings, sometimes the students don’t want to get on and go down campus," said Dave, apologetically.
"I can’t imagine why," said Darjeeling.
"And there’s no point in driving an empty bus up and down," Dave continued.
"I heard a new one today," said Darjeeling. "Why don’t sharks attack black people in the water?"
"I don’t know," said Dave.
"Because they think they’re whale turd."
"I don’t know whether to laugh or cry," said Dave.
As they got off the tram at the Auditorium, they each gave Dave a one-dollar bill in recognition of his initiative, resolving that for their next trip to Joe’s it would be easier to book him in advance.
As Greg and Darjeeling passed June’s room, they knocked loudly on her door. "We were out team-building downtown," they said. "Where were you?"
June did not answer, for some reason wary of drunken ex-marines after midnight.
***
Teresa was woken by Wendy hammering on her door. It was still dark. 
"Fire! There’s a fire!" she cried. Teresa leaped out of bed looked outside. One of the flyers on the noticeboard was ablaze. The other two had already burnt and small pieces of ash were falling to the carpet. 
"Is that all? Get a jug of water, then, don’t stand around watching!"
Teresa ran back to her room, unplugged her electric kettle, filled it with water from the bathroom sink, and ran out. The remaining flyer was already burnt through, but she threw the water against the noticeboard anyway. Wendy emerged from her room with some water cupped in her hands, which she also aimed at the board, though most fell on the carpet.
Other residents came out and stood by their doors. 
"Go and check the other floors," said Teresa. Then, noticing that Wendy was barely decent in t-shirt and panties, continued "No, OK I’ll do it."
Suddenly a bell started to ring. Teresa looked round, spotting a smoke detector above the elevator. 
"Damn," she said, checking her pajama bottoms were secure.
Kurt burst from the fourth floor stairwell. "Is it your floor this time?" he asked. "Should we call the fire trucks?"
"No, we don’t want any more trouble. And what are they going to do?" said Teresa. 
A security guard appeared from the same stairwell. 
"We are carrying out the fire checks. Is there anything else on this floor? The fire brigade is on their way."
"We don’t have to call them," said Teresa.
"They’re wired into the alarm."
"Who was it?" Teresa asked Wendy accusingly.
"I don’t know," she said. "I was asleep." 
Teresa peered at the board for clues. The three burnt posters remained mute. "Is it from a lighter, or matches?" she asked.
Kurt frowned. "I don’t think you can tell," he said. 
The guard gave the rest of the building the all clear, and the bell was silenced. Having checked the other noticeboards herself, Teresa went back to bed. Shortly afterwards, she was awoken by fire sirens, bright spotlights against her curtains, and the clanking of a fire ladder being raised. This had happened the previous month as well, so she did not get up again. Apparently the officers just liked to test their ladders.
But she was woken once more, at six, by Kurt on the telephone.
"You have to come see this," he said. "There’s graffiti all over my corridor."
 "What, again? What sort of graffiti?"
"Come see."
Pulling on some jeans this time, she ran up the stairs. Large swastikas had been scrawled in black marker pen along the walls leading to Kurt’s room, followed by an iron cross, for good measure. 
"Did you do that?" said Teresa, pointlessly.
"It was just there. It wasn’t there when the fire came."
"But you’re the only German here."
"Germans don’t write swastikas anymore," said Kurt. "It’s against the Jews."
"But you’re not Jewish, are you?"
"No, I’m American."
"I thought you were German," said Teresa, tired and unwilling to absolve him of all responsibility. Surely he could deal with at least one problem on his own.
"Teresa, this isn’t the right time for this. We have to get rid of these swastikas or we’ll get into trouble."
"Well, is it a permanent marker? Go call Mr. Silveira to get it painted over."
Teresa went back to her room for a shower. As she was drying her hair, she wondered whether she should have taken this more seriously. Perhaps the Assistant Dean was Jewish, and would be annoyed? But if they painted it over quickly it should not get in the paper. It really was not fair she had to referee all these European problems.



PART II - MID-TERMS
***
"Hi," said Sarah, opening the door of Wendy’s room. "I’m Sarah, of Manhattan Beach."
"Hello," said Wendy. "How do you have a key?"
"I’m your new roommate," said Sarah. "I’m just moving in." She indicated two suitcases behind her, in fetching paisley.
"Oh. I’m Wendy. Why are you wearing that cap?" Sarah was not only wearing a Chairman Mao cap, but a green jacket with a red star sewn to the lapel.
"I heard you were Chinese," explained Sarah, maneuvering the suitcases into the room, and lifting one onto the unoccupied bed. 
"Oh, thank you," said Wendy. "But you didn’t have to."
"Don’t tell anyone," said Sarah, "but I’m here undercover."
"What cover?"
"Like student cover. But really I am an investigative reporter for the Daily Student."
"So you are not a student? You are a government spy?"
"Yes, I’m a student. But I’m investigating the strange goings on in the building. Like the Nazis, and the drugs."
"And the rats?"
"Are there rats? Then I’ll certainly investigate them too. I can see we’re going to get on fine, Wendy. Can I shower, and borrow your shampoo? Then we’ll get to know each other."
"I don’t have any shampoo."
"OK, I can see. That’s like a capitalist vanity, right? Can I do a feature on you? I interview you and all and we put your picture in the paper. After we get you some shampoo, obviously. But first things first, Wendy. Do you know where I might find a marijuana cigarette?"
"You could ask Max, though he never has any."
This sparked an initial interview. As they chatted and unpacked, Sarah marveled at how Wendy needed so few things to get by. She began to plan a new story: Student at Auditorium lives on Rice Alone, Occasionally Adding Salt.
***
"Jesus wept," said Odette, seated at the dinner table, bowing her head coyly. Her mother eyed her in displeasure. Odette smiled slightly and ignored her.
"For what we are about to receive, may the Lord make us truly grateful," said Jonathan. He had momentarily toyed with the idea of using his old school’s Latin grace, as had been said by the head prefect before each lunch. He could still remember: "Benedicte domine, nos sed haec tua dona...", but had worried they might confuse it with Spanish.
Last to say grace was Cynthia, who ventured "Thank you for granting us this food to eat." She then tucked in without further ado, starting on the potato mash mixed with sweet vegetables. Compared to Cynthia, Odette seemed positively svelte.
"Would you like some potato salad, Jose?" said Odette’s mother. 
"Mom, he’s not Jose, he’s Jonathan!" said Odette. "Jonathan, like in the Bible."
"Who’s Jose?" asked Jonathan with suspicion.
"Oh he’s just some guy. All white people look the same to my mother."
"I’m sorry Jonathan. Yes, that’s a nice name. Would you like some?"
"Thank you very much."
"We’re from Mississippi, we moved here for Dad’s job, in the Social Security Administration, before we had Odette. Isn’t that right, Dad?" said Odette’s mother.
"Huh-uh," grunted Dad, tired from driving his old Mercedes around Los Angeles, and disinclined to bother with conversation at his own table.
There was a roar overhead. "Planes flying low tonight," he remarked.
"My uncle has a house near Heathrow in London, he has planes flying over him all the time like that," said Jonathan, eager to point out that many respectable people lived under airport flight paths, although, truth be told, his uncle was not one of them.
"I think we stopped at Heathrow, when we went to Europe with our Church group. It was about two years ago. It’s so big!"
"Yes, there are lots of countries in Europe," said Jonathan, nodding.
"No, I mean Heathrow. We went to see the Holy Land. You know, where Jesus was born. Do you want to see our photos?"
"Of course, that would be wonderful," said Jonathan.
Odette did not object, and brought a shoebox of loose photographs. Odette’s mother passed them round, explaining how they had visited many of the sites mentioned in the New Testament. Throughout Odette stared deeply into Cynthia’s eyes, occasionally muttering quietly, as though reproaching her. Odette’s mother observed the two of them intermittently, pursing her lips in disapproval.
After the dinner, Jonathan and Odette’s father retired to the lounge. Cynthia drove off, and Odette and her mother cleaned up in the kitchen. Jonathan kept slipping down the sofa, which was still covered in a thick plastic to protect the fabric. Eventually he found a position, sitting up straight with his rear far back, that provided some stability.
Odette shouted to her father from the kitchen. "Don’t just sit there, talk to Jonathan!"
"It’s much hotter here in LA than in London," ventured Jonathan.
Odette’s father peered at him with the contempt the remark deserved. A wrinkled man with thick black glasses, he wore even in the house a crumpled black suit, but without a tie, and smart but unpolished shoes.
"Not as hot as Jackson," he replied.
Jonathan had not previously heard of Jackson, and so knew nothing about it other than that it was, apparently, hotter than Los Angeles. He nodded in agreement.
"Do you have many black people, in England?" asked the father, tired of the preamble.
"Uh, yes, there are lots. In London, anyway. Many came from the Caribbean in the 1950s, and quite a few from Africa directly, since then."
"Uh-huh," said the father. They sat in contented silence.
"I was shocked to hear about this trial," said Jonathan, gaining confidence. "I mean that beating."
"I’d beat that low-life myself, if I was younger," said the father. Jonathan was not quite sure whether this was a proposal to assault the police, or the unfortunate motorist, and decided not to press the matter.
In the car back to the Auditorium, he asked Odette why she had invited Cynthia.
"That’s none of your business. They’re my private affairs," she replied, adding, "so, did you like her?"
"She didn’t say much."
"Neither did you. Do you think she’s fat?"
"It really doesn’t matter to me if she is fat or not."
"But is she fat?"
"Of course she’s fat."
"Is she fatter than me?"
"You aren’t fat at all. But, yes, she’s fatter than you."
This seemed to cheer Odette up, and she started to tap the wheel in time to her car stereo, which was playing the new Rolling Stones album.
"Are you going to invite me to meet your parents?"
Jonathan paused a little too long before answering.
"Why do you have to think about that? Don’t you want your folks to meet me? Are they racists? Look, tell them I like Keith Richards."
"I don’t think they’ve heard of Keith Richards."
"You’re avoiding the question, can I meet your folks?"
"They aren’t here."
"Damn, what the hell is that?"
Odette braked abruptly. The flow of traffic along Wilshire was stopped by men wrapped in sheets and blankets, wandering into the lanes like a horde of ghosts, gesticulating with Styrofoam coffee cups. Some lay down in front of the cars, others went knocking from vehicle to vehicle.
"Get a job, shitheads!" shouted Odette, quickly rolling up her window and trying to join the rightmost line of traffic, which was moving slightly faster as the drivers picked their way delicately among the bodies.
"I need a job myself, or I’ll be like that soon!" she exclaimed.
"Don’t you have a grant?" asked Jonathan, in surprise.
"Not everyone has a scholarship, you know. When this gas tank goes, we stop." She threw her head back and guffawed loudly.
"Oh. How do you pay the rent then?"
"It just goes on the school bill. No-one would live in that place if you couldn’t charge it to financial aid."
"Won’t they throw you out if you don’t pay?"
"No, not as long as I take some courses. Anyway, I’m black."
A homeless person knocked roughly on the windscreen, moving aside as Odette’s hood gradually nudged him out of the way.
"OK we’ve got through. This place is getting worse. Do you want to see the gays on Hollywood Boulevard again?"
"I don’t think so," replied Jonathan.
"Well, I’m falling asleep now."
They got as far as MacArthur Park, and she started again.
"So, you didn’t answer. Can I come stay with you and your parents in England?"
"We’ll see, I suppose so."
"You’re a piece of shit," replied Odette, vengefully turning up the music.
"I didn’t mean that, Odette," said Jonathan. "Of course you can come to see them, but perhaps you would like to wait until we’ve known each other for longer?"
"So you’re good enough for my parents but I’m not good enough for yours? Is that what you’re saying? You think you’re better than me, don’t you?"
"No, I don’t think I’m better than you," said Jonathan, with as much conviction as he could muster. "Why do you want me to go and see gays in Hollywood?" he asked, trying to change the subject.
"Well if you want to get with me you’re going to have to quit this philosophy crap. That don’t pay nothing. Who cares about that?"
"Maybe the lilies of the field admire me," said Jonathan.
"God, you really are gay. You’re such a piece of gay shit," repeated Odette. "Do you know Jose? Damn, I can hardly keep my eyes open."
She made it to the Auditorium, pulling the car into the lot. She stalked straight across the road to the foyer, shouting "Hit me! Hit me!" to the cars meandering down the Avenue. Jonathan followed carefully behind. Luckily, he saw Greg in the lobby as they entered and they went across to the bar. Odette went up to her room alone.
***
Annoyed by the presence of his roommate, Greg rolled out of bed early next morning, and went to get some food. Halfway down, the elevator doors opened and Teresa and June got in. Both smelt freshly showered. June was still brushing her hair, highlights showing. Her skin was smooth and pale, her fingernails immaculate.
"Hi Greg!" She pulled down the bottom of her sweatshirt so the initials of the school jutted forward on her chest like the Hollywood sign. "Do you always get up this early?"
"I don’t know, what time is it?" Greg replied. "Where’re you going?"
"We’re going for a breakfast meeting for RAs," she answered, nodding enthusiastically. "It was Teresa’s idea," she said, turning to her companion.
"Really? No Gorky’s this time? Are you slumming it? Aren’t you afraid you might meet one of the residents?" said Greg, grinning. "Can I come?"
"What, you want to be an RA?"
"No, but I like to support the college officials in all their various programs and activities!" Greg smiled and nodded exaggeratedly.
Teresa gave his dusty blazer over the Blondie t-shirt a doubtful glance. "Well, we’ll see about that," she replied.
The doors of the elevator opened into the lobby, high and with a glittering chandelier. A security guard sat behind the reception desk, changing channels on the security monitors with a pool cue. A huge, smeared pane framed the street. The Owner sat on the other side, slumbering on his stool, surrounded by traces of nature. On this side of the window four high-backed, freshly bought armchairs with stripy upholstery were arranged around a small, inlaid table. On the wall nearby hung a black and white photograph of the first student residents of the building, nicely coiffed, already faded. The occupants of the chairs were bleary eyed and unshaven. They were playing cards.
"You guys never stop, do you!" said June, laughing at them. Peisan looked up. "Hey Greg, where did you go?" he exclaimed.
"Just circulating," Greg replied.
Under a grand mirror a couple of RAs yawned from a worn and bleached sofa, not yet replaced. "Hi Veronica!" said June. Did you see the Assistant Dean yet?"
"Morning. He’ll be five minutes late, it’s his custom," replied Veronica. "It’s first light, do you think I need a sweater?" She peered through the window, nervously.
"No!" said Kurt, decisively. "It will be warmer soon!"
A five past seven the elevator doors opened and the Assistant Dean entered, wearing his usual jacket with ink stains along the cuffs. But a new, brightly speckled bow tie hung undone around his neck.
 Kurt nodded to him decisively. "Hi, Professor! Ready for the morning coffee!"
"Let’s go!" he assented, and strode towards the entrance. The others jumped off the sofa and followed. The card players stared blankly at this curious display of enthusiasm.
The Assistant Dean paused to cross the road to the lot. Kurt turned sharp right. "Come on!" he declared. "Just three blocks. I say the great part of living downtown is that you have the chance to walk where you want to go. Don’t you think?"
"You’re quite right," agreed the Assistant Dean. "It helps to get us out of our cars!"
"They’re like cocoons, those cars, like steel coffins. It’s great to get out and just walk or cycle, either to work, or just to the cappuccino stand!" declared Veronica, duplicating his nod. June followed, glancing hesitantly at her fresh, white trainers. Greg tagged along, a little behind, nodding politely to The Owner, who surveyed the small band, coughing with bemusement.
They set off round the corner of the Auditorium, and were, within a few yards, worryingly distant from the whitewashed brick walls of the deserted hotel bar. Indeed, the building seemed to vanish, yard by yard, behind them. Ahead, and it was three rather long blocks, they could see their breakfasting place. The sign announced in flashing, unwashed neon, "Downtown Diner". Two blocks ahead a young homeless man with glasses sat awkwardly on a two foot high wall surrounding a parking lot. He saw them, stood up, and awaited their arrival. The Assistant Dean eyed him nervously, paused, then pressed on. Kurt was already yards ahead.
They got to the first pedestrian traffic signal without any problem, and congregated at the "Don’t Walk" sign. There were no pedestrians, and no cars. They stared at one another.
A patrol car emerged from an underground car park. The officer cruised past, slowing and examining them through dark sunglasses, and then pulled ahead. The sign changed to "Walk". They began to cross.
"Do you think that guy would’ve picked us up if we’d, like, crossed back then?" asked June.
"Absolutely," stated Kurt. "He would have loved that. What the people need is some order."
"I’m really impressed to know we’re so well protected," added Greg, nodding sagely.
It was a grey morning, overcast. The air hung thinly with grit, like a construction site. The commuters were only just arriving, but a few battered vehicles were already parked in the lots, filthy and dented, with huge wings, modified bumpers, and rosaries on the dash, yet facing in the correct direction and not touching the white lines.
The homeless man was wiping his hands on his jeans in preparation for their arrival. One arm of his thick, black, plastic-rimmed spectacles, bearing an incongruous Pierre Cardin logo, was fixed to the eyepiece with a band-aid. He was black, short-haired, and grubby like the cars.
"Hi!" he said as they approached. He held out his hand to the Assistant Dean. "I’m pleased to see you! Lovely day this morning isn’t it? Don’t you think?"
"Hello," said the Assistant Dean, nodding positively. "I’m sure fine, thank-you!"
"Shake a black hand, brother!"
"It’s really great meeting you!" stated the Assistant Dean, accepting the proffered welcome.
They quickly strode past, but the light changed to "Don’t Walk". They stood at the corner, and the homeless man strolled up to stand beside them. He smiled all round. Then he laughed and did a jig.
"I know you!" He said, baring his teeth, pointing his finger directly at Greg, with straight arm and ingrained fingernail.
"I believe we met previously, indeed," said Greg. "Did you manage to get your wife the ticket back to Palo Alto?"
This question threw the homeless man. He ground his teeth, suspecting a trap. Then the light changed. They started on the crosswalk. He hobbled after them, scenting an opportunity slip away.
"Can you help a brother out, my man, I just need seven dollars. Just seven dollars. That’d be a changing of my life, ladies."
The girls increased their pace, putting the muscular form of Kurt between them and him.
"Just seven dollars fifty. Do you want to buy a magazine? You see I need this bus, back to where I’m coming from. I’m not from these parts. You’re not local, are you?"
"No, Boston actually," said the Assistant Dean, over his shoulder.
"Wow you know what it’s like to be abroad, no I didn’t mean that the way it sounded, no don’t go!"
The next light was green, and they walked across the road straight away. The homeless man ventured a few yards into the carriageway, then returned, eyeing the Diner opposite.
"You racist, man! You all racist! Say you shake a black hand, you walk him all this way! Man!" He watched them complete the crossing. He stepped back, returning to the wall, where he sat, and brooded, and waited patiently for them to finish their breakfast and walk back.
"I think it’s good to have the opportunity to meet the locals, you know," said Kurt. "That’s what you lose from driving."
"He’s such a card, they’re all such characters!" nodded Veronica in agreement.
June had managed to stick her foot in the gullet of an extremely large storm drain. She examined her left trainer, now marked, with disapproval.
"In LA," observed Greg, "the pavements are entirely free of doggie doo-doo."
"For walking," said June, "you really need different shoes. Especially on hot concrete. These are for aerobics, not cross-training."
"So, here’s the Diner!" Kurt stood outside the steel door, at the corner of dour, grimy windows, hung with the sign "Downtown Diner, Always Open, and Never Without a Customer, for Seventy Years."
They walked in, and sat themselves at a greasy table; the menu was on the wall and covered in Seventy Years of dark, smoky stuff. Greg leant back in the chair, peering back through the window. "I feel uncomfortable when I’m out of sight of the Auditorium," he explained.
"So what do people eat here?"
"Pancakes," said Kurt. "Pancakes and treacle."
"I can’t have pancakes!"
"Or a New York Steak with mash. Those are your options."
"I can’t have a New York Steak at seven in the morning!" exclaimed Veronica.
"I can’t have steak, period," said June.
"Waiter!" commanded Kurt. "Get us all pancakes, and plenty of treacle, with bottomless coffee."
"Coffee is always bottomless, sir," whispered the waiter, bent double, in a grey-white smock, his black hair slicked back by a grease that reflected the strip lights. "Will that be all sir, will the young ladies be wanting some orange juice, sir, is that what the young ladies will be wanting sir, some orange juice?" He leered at them, his tongue hanging out, wetting his lips so they glistened to match his shiny hair.
"I’ll have juice," said Veronica.
"Juice for the ladies, that’ll be very good sir," he whispered, reversing, pirouetting and returning to the side of the room where a huge, filthy grill spat and simmered.
"Do you want to wash your hands?" suggested Greg. "The homeless don’t wash their hands after using the outdoor restroom, you know."
"Greg!" laughed the Assistant Dean. Then looking at his hand, he reached to take a napkin from the stainless steel dispenser on the table, but within it no napkin was to be found. He wiped his hand against his trousers, surreptitiously under the table.
Then Teresa, the Assistant Dean, Kurt and Greg dug into their pancakes, and with great relish. Well did they like the slimy flat things, into which they sliced small slits on the top. Thus would the syrup more fully penetrate and lubricate the pancake’s inner greasiness, so there would be no part un-treacled and unsweetened. And how they relished the buttered sour mash toast! They gulped down the gritty bottomless coffee, as the waiter slithered back and forth with more and more (to the disapprobation of the other customers, toothless, balding and pancake-faced, who felt their fifty-year tenure offered them more rights than these mere striplings in the lore of the Diner!). But the waiter, sensing new custom, kept it coming, especially the OJ.
"Is the juice good? It is fresh, from the Orange County. Don’t you like the juice?" whispered the waiter, one hand clutching the juice jug; the little finger of the other jammed deep in his left ear, excavating earnestly.
"The juice is fine," said Veronica.
"Yes, it’s all really good," agreed June. Though neither of them were among those actually eating the pancakes.
"I don’t know how you can eat that," said June, finally. Veronica toyed with the meal, cutting them this way and that, like a child attempting origami.
"So!" announced Teresa, wondering if it had been worth getting up an hour earlier if they were just going to spend it eating. "To the business of the meeting. The agenda. You take notes, Greg."
Greg retrieved a napkin from a nearby table and pulled a pencil from his jacket.
"I think we can guarantee that in this Diner we are free of the representatives of the Press," said Kurt.
"A good point. We can’t trust them about this at all."
"About what?" asked Veronica, perplexed.
"I’m talking about the graffiti."
"Wow. What, under the table?"
"No," said the Assistant Dean. "You know. There was graffiti, anti-Jewish graffiti, on the walls a few nights ago. It could be a scandal."
"They’ll shut us down if they hear about it."
"Certainly, if it gets in the Daily Student," said the Assistant Dean, "or indeed the LA Times, then there will be no more Auditorium. They’ve been waiting for something like this."
"And you will all lose your jobs," added Teresa. The Assistant Dean had previously jolted her into an awareness of the sensitivities of the situation.
"That’s right. I know what the Director will be like," said the Assistant Dean. "He’ll say, you give them something nice, like forks, knives, martinis, even tablecloths, and this is what you get, so to speak. The Hitler Youth. The Administration think the students are only good for cheering at football matches and eating double whipped espressos with a blueberry muffin at $3.99 the pair. And they’ll say, ‘So you thought you knew them better than we did. You thought you could civilize them - and look what happened!’"
"So what’re we going to do?" asked June. "I’m like totally glad I can share the experience with you guys. When you told me it was a Jewish attack, it was like totally out of my experience."
"Well who did it?" asked Veronica.
"Don’t look at me," said Greg, with a straight face. "I never saw anything. I guess they got it off the walls pretty fast. But I’ll investigate."
"What sort of graffiti was it?"
"Swastikas, Arbeit macht frei, that sort of stuff," said Kurt, shaking his head and breathing in through his teeth.
"Why would anyone have anything against the Jews though?" asked June, in a genuine spirit of enquiry. "That was so long ago, that cross stuff." 
Kurt grimaced in perplexity, and then ignored her.
"I think there are probably still some issues," explained the Assistant Dean.
"I reckon it’s something to do with that foreign guy, Darjeeling," said Teresa, "who hangs around the corridors flicking his lighter on and off. Is that really his name? Is he actually enrolled in any classes? Does anyone know anything about him?"
Teresa had her suspicions about Darjeeling’s uses of this lighter, but did not know how to prove anything. And she genuinely did not want to die one night of smoke inhalation.
"You want him out of the building, you mean?" said Kurt.
"Maybe it’s not quite right for him," agreed Teresa. "I think he would be happier in an apartment of his own."
"And what happened about that lizard, and the killer spider?" asked June. "That’s pretty weird too."
"No, that’s just Bill," said Veronica. "He’s harmless. I already went to his room. He had an iguana and a Black Widow in cages, separate ones but pushed together. They used to sit there and stare at each another. Well, I don’t know if spiders sit. But now he’s got rid of them, like you said, Teresa."
Having drawn a blank on the graffiti, they discussed forthcoming events at the Auditorium: the ice cream social, the talent contest, and the town meeting.
"Then there’s the magazines," said Veronica. "You said we could discuss the magazines, Teresa."
"So, discuss them."
"Well, people have been complaining about the magazines in the basement convenience store. There’s like one Time, one Newsweek, one about cars, and sixty-two that are pornographic."
"They tell me they have a higher margin," said Teresa. "And who’s complaining anyway?"
"No-one’s complaining. Well, actually I’m complaining. And I think they’re corrupting the girls who have to work there."
"OK," said Teresa. "We’ll stop the ones in Spanish."
The bill was rather long in coming, and the minute-taker managed to spill treacle over his minutes. 
"OK guys," said Teresa, to conclude. "Let’s all be dynamic out there!" 
The Assistant Dean had suggested that "Let’s be careful out there" gave the impression that the student body or local community might be some sort of threat. Nevertheless, they returned safely to the Auditorium, relieved to see that the homeless man had found himself marooned diagonally opposite the sidewalk offering the most direct return route, a helmeted patrolman staring implacably from his motorcycle.
 The whole exercise had indeed taken about an hour longer than it should have. Teresa resolved in future to hold such meetings in her office.
***
"Have you done drugs before?"
"Before? Before what?" said Jonathan.
"Now, dude," continued Casey, "now is the TIME!"
Jonathan was sitting with Greg in Casey’s room. Sharing a pot of tea after dinner that evening, and hearing a party in progress, they had drifted in. Casey had hooked up his stereo to four speakers, each wired into one of the corners of the ceiling, and pulsing with Supertramp. Behind the door lay a large pile of empty CD presentation boxes, mostly classic rock, and a separate, smaller, stack of gangster rap. It was a double room, decorated with handwritten scraps of poetry, mainly about stars, horoscopes, and ruined graveyards. Another surfer-dude was reading lyrics on a CD booklet. A young woman was lying on the bed, apparently passed out. The toilet flushed and a second girl staggered out, walked into the wardrobe door, and then fell to her knees, mumbling something. Jonathan recognized the remains of his shopping trip among the stack of drinks hidden within the wardrobe.
"Why are all the CD boxes empty?" asked Jonathan.
"I’m like going to throw them away. Want some, for stationery?"
"Isn’t that what you’re paying for, the boxes?" Jonathan looked at an impressively decorated Bruce Springsteen set.
"No, I just get the CDs and play them and give the boxes to the poor."
"So what about these drugs?" asked Greg.
"We’re waiting for Max, he’s bringing them."
 "I don’t want to do any drugs," said Jonathan. "Can’t we have some more Red Label?"
"Last time we did that you walked into a bookcase, it fell over onto some girl on the floor who cut her head," Greg reminded him. "Then you went up to your room singing, vomited blood into the towels, and complained you had blood in your urine the next day, or evening rather as you didn’t get up all day. Though you never get up in the day anyway. I think you’ll be safer with a little spinello."
"Who says spinello?" said Casey. "Dude, we have speed, and she has a syringe."
Max burst in. He had slicked his hair back into a greasy ponytail and wore a Poison t-shirt. "Man, I missed my connection," he exclaimed.
"That like, sucks, dude," said Casey.
"Let’s go to Jimmy’s across the road," suggested Jonathan.
"It’s a cop bar, dude, I’m not twenty-one."
"You’re talking injections and you’re worried about being carded?"
"Dude, you speak true things."
"In fact," said Jonathan, "I don’t think I’ve ever seen you actually supply any drugs for anything."
"I’m ashamed, dude," said Max. "Life’s not been good to me lately."
The girl on her knees swayed her head to and fro, moaning slightly.
"What is she on, dude?"
"I’m like, damned if I know."
"I’ve been working on her all night, she’s spaced."
"You mean, like a space cadet?" asked Jonathan, showing off his knowledge of the lingo.
"No, I mean like, she’s fucked."
"Not yet, but looks like she’s going to blow you there and now, man," said Max.
She moaned a bit then put her hand on Casey’s knees, looking up at him, swaying as though she was going to pass out.
"More like she’s going to throw up on my crotch, you mean."
The girl on the bed raised her head, whining, "hey…"
"Who are these people?" asked Jonathan, concerned about seeing faces in the building he did not recognize.
"Well, I’m Casey, Jonathan, your neighbor, you know me. This is my roommate, Martin, he surfs, plays guitar and writes poetry. And you know Max, our dealer."
"Don’t say that man, I like, help with the parties, for the guys," corrected Max.
"This chick is Louise," continued Casey, "say hi, Louise."
Casey grabbed the hair of the girl whose cheek lay on his thigh and pulled her head back. "A drink..." she murmured, then slid her head down his thigh into his crotch, still muttering something.
"And the drugged up little slut on the bed… I don’t know who she is. She just appeared."
"Are they students?"
"Not sure, they just follow the weed, wherever it may lead..."
"Hey, I like that," said Martin. He took a marker pen and a piece of printer paper, wrote on it "We just follow the weed, wherever it may lead", and, taking another pen, scribbled a curly border in red. Then he sellotaped the paper to the wall.
"I can’t believe I am sitting here with a Mexican drug dealer about to shoot up with two comatose girls," said Jonathan, shaking his head.
"Salvadoran, actually," said Max. "Or at least my folks are. I’m as American as you. Or him, anyway."
"I didn’t know metal was popular in Central America," remarked Greg.
"Sure, it’s real big. We’re called the stoners. There’s a great Chilean thrash scene. I can borrow you some tapes."
"But you’re not from Chile," said Jonathan.
"No, but the thrash scene is," replied Max.
"Who’re you calling a drugged up slut..." slurred the girl from the bed. Martin caressed her leg, inserting his fingers under her jeans by her ankle, checking with disapproval how tight they were.
"Sarah?" asked Jonathan, suddenly recognizing her from class. She was wearing same Jordache jeans, and still unbuttoned at the waist, but now a new white t-shirt, bearing a picture of two garden birds and the legend Swallows in April.
"Huh?" she moaned, peering at him. "Hey, you’re my T.A.!" She crawled over the bed towards him, reached up and pulled on his lapel. 
"So you moved in, then?" said Jonathan. "But why’d a nice Jewish girl like you want to hang out in a place like this?" he added, with some swagger. Not so long ago, he would never have dreamed of addressing someone by their ethnicity. But now, it seemed quite natural. Necessary, even.
"Well, you’re here, aren’t you?" she replied. "This is where the, like, intellectuals are, I feel my mind so expanding! Is this place medieval too?" She slipped her hand further up, under his jacket at his shoulder. "We’re doing a little Passion show here, bringing the community together. Like you said in class. I’m like Mary... Magda... what it was. How do you know I’m Jewish?"
"Plays," said Jonathan. "They had Passion plays, not shows. I thought no-one was listening to me. Anyway, ‘passion’ means suffering, don’t you remember?" 
"Why do you want to do a Passion play, if you’re Jewish?" said Greg, continuing his exploration of ethnic stereotypes, though regretting he was perfectly sober. "If you’re Jewish, you’re not Christian, right?"
"Neither was... Mary…" said Sarah.
"Really?" said Casey.
"I think everyone was Jewish, if you go back far enough," said Jonathan. "Maybe they still are."
"Well I don’t care, I’d still like some passion," said Sarah. She started to fiddle with Jonathan’s belt, looking up at his face with sudden animation and licking her lips. But the buckle defeated her.
"Look, you’re my student, Sarah," said Jonathan. 
"And I hear you’re into something darker," added Casey.
"Don’t say that, I’m not sleeping with her."
"Into what?" asked Sarah, pushing herself away, then returning, pressing her nose into his stomach. She swayed, and crawled back to her place on the bed. Finally she curled up and shut her eyes.
"I’m a bit worried about those braces," said Martin.
"It’s no problem," said Casey. "I say do anything once."
"Hey, do anything once? Wouldn’t that mean you would need to, like, take it up the ass?" laughed Martin.
"Not the first thing I would have thought of," said Greg.
"But I did know these two gay guys," giggled Martin, "they were always saying how gay they were, whatever party I saw them at. Then I said, if you’re so gay then I want you to take him up the ass, right now, in front of me, look here’s some lube. It was at a party like this. Then the one fag got all scared, and started whining, like when you kick a puppy, and he was going, never do that dude, I never do that, I just, like, suck him off, dude. It was so funny."
"Hey guys," said Casey, not happy with the conversation. "Maybe we just clear out and let Martin get off with that chick."
Greg nodded agreement. "We’d better be gone."
Jonathan was not entirely sure of the propriety of leaving Sarah behind in these circumstances, but they followed Casey out of the room, Martin turning up a particularly acidic guitar solo.
As the door shut behind them, Casey announced unconvincingly, "Hey, man, I gotta get something," and slipped back inside. Greg and Jonathan waited a while, but he did not re-emerge.
"Well, that was fun, wasn’t it. Want to go up to the roof?"
"We’re always ending up on the roof."
"Let’s get DJ, do some shots."
They turned the corner and walked straight into Odette.
"I’ve been hammering down your door looking for you!" she exclaimed.
"Well, I wasn’t in," answered Jonathan.
"You don’t say. Come and fix my AOL."
"What do you need AOL for? Buying some shares? Fix your own AOL."
"You get your white ass up to my room and fix my AOL."
"I’ll look for you later," Jonathan turned to Greg.
Jonathan followed Odette as she panted up the back stairs to the next floor. As she chatted on the phone, tapping her foot to George Michael, he spent a tiresome hour fiddling with her computer and thinking of Sarah in the room below.
***
Some days later, Jonathan had found somewhere to sit safe from Odette: the Los Angeles public library, temporarily relocated, following a fire that had actually been quite a few years ago, in a thirties building near Broadway, with a fine facade but nondescript interior. Flipping through Marty Reisman’s autobiography, he particularly liked the story of a man "without an ego" who played table tennis in the parks of New York for money, and invited younger men to clear their gambling debts by sleeping with him. His reverie was interrupted by a loud thud as a security guard slammed a baton on the table and knocked a silk-shirted man across the head with his glove.
"No sleeping in the library," he said. "I warned you before!" The man swore and then started to leave, picking up a Robinson’s carrier bag. 
When Jonathan left the library, the silk-shirted man was waiting outside. His collar was a little torn.
"I just met some of the guys from your building a few days ago, going for breakfast," he said. "They bought a bunch of my magazines. Do you want to buy a magazine? You’ll feel better if you buy a magazine."
"No thank-you," replied Jonathan, concerned that the man already seemed to know where he lived. In any case, he could always read the magazines the others had just ordered, if he asked nicely. "I feel fine as it is."
"Look man, I know you don’t need to buy a magazine, but I can get them for you, discounted."
"No thanks, I don’t want a discounted magazine."
"I’ve got for you: National Geographic, Time, Autocar… I’m not allowed to sell Hustler, though."
"Not allowed?" asked Jonathan, unwisely, waiting to cross the road on 8th and Hill.
"It’s a charity, they won’t let me sell that stuff, but I can get it for you if you like. Do you know where Joe’s is? I can get you a deal at Joe’s. I can get you a discount, don’t go there without me."
"No thanks."
"I’m just trying to make a buck. It just costs you 7 dollars, hell, if you don’t want a magazine, you can just give me the 7 dollars. I’m just trying to get by, man. I’m from Chattanooga, Tennessee."
"Do you ride the boxcars?" asked Jonathan, his interest piqued, wondering whether he had actually found a hobo.
"No, I took the Greyhound."
"Oh," said Jonathan, deflated.
 "Man, I’m just a little short to get me back. I’ve got 13 dollars so far. I’m down on my luck. Do you want to hear the story of my life? My name’s Hermann. What’s your name? Here, shake a black hand."
He extended his hand to Jonathan. After some hesitation, Jonathan shook it.
"There, that wasn’t so bad, was it?"
"Look, Hermann," said Jonathan, trying to establish rapport (which he had recently read about), "do I look like a rich guy to you? I live in that hotel over there," he indicated the Auditorium, "and I guess you live in one over there, four blocks down the road. And you, Hermann, are the last man in Christendom to chew on a cigarette holder."
Jonathan followed this by gesturing at his own trainers, which were in fact flat-bottomed yachting shoes. With no soles to begin with, they were now very battered. From time to time he even considered whether to get some new ones.
"No, let me tell you the story of my life," said Hermann, unwilling to veer from his established routine. "I mean like I’m going to leave on the Greyhound. I came up from San Diego, but I ran out of gas, and I parked in the MacDonald’s lot, and I slept in the car, I didn’t have any gas. Then I went to get a Big Mac and fries with a chocolate sundae and they towed the car while I was in the restroom and I ran after it but they just towed it away and I didn’t have the money to get it back."
They walked onto Broadway, past a new CD shop decorated with inverted exclamation marks and posters of Latino women in leotards. Jonathan turned left into the El Pollo. Hermann paused outside for a moment, then followed him in.
"Are you going to come and watch me eat?" asked Jonathan.
"You owe me 7 dollars – you walked me all the way here, and now, where is my 7 dollars?" He looked hesitantly inside the restaurant, scanning for security guards. Rattling a pile of red trays in frustration, he stepped back and out.
Jonathan ate his chicken slowly, hoping Hermann would get bored hanging around, and give him a clear run back to the Auditorium.
***
"How come I never see you guys do any work?" asked the security guard, in no hurry to get the balls for the pool table, which, as she reminded them from time to time, was purely a courtesy on her part, as she was not employed for such menial tasks. "Don’t you have mid-terms, or something?"
"What, you want me to put my books out in the lobby in front of you?" said Jonathan, a bit sensitive on this point.
"That’s what I’m doing," said Max, sitting by the payphone in the corner with a file on his knees. He was waiting for bargain hunters to respond to his small ads.
"I never do mid-terms," said Darjeeling. "And how come I’ve never seen you arrest anyone, then?"
"Who’m I gonna arrest? I’m just here to observe, and call for assistance. Uh-huh."
"Well, nothing ever happens anyway."
"You wouldn’t know about that." She smirked mysteriously.
"What do you mean?"
"The L.A.P.D. were here. Two days ago, some guy opened his door, they maced him and got into his room."
"Maced him?" asked Jonathan, envisioning a pockmarked medieval warrior stomping down the corridors.
"Mace, the gas, like pepper spray, you know the bear spray. Some of the girls have it on their key rings."
"What was there, anyway, in his room? You can have anything you like in my room."
"They wanted him, not the room."
"Really? Wow, that’s sick. Who was it?"
"I’m not saying. He left the building. I don’t think he’ll be back. Do you like my watch? It’s a Gucci. My boyfriend bought it for me. I might just marry that man. He’s a guard like me, but he knows how to treat a woman."
"I can get you a Gucci, or a Rolex if you like, real cheap," said Max.
"Maybe we could dwell a bit longer on the male rape thing?" suggested Darjeeling. "Who was it? Was he gay?"
"I mustn’t say. OK, it was Bill. Ask the police. What makes you think that? Remember those girls down on campus. I don’t see why you guys can’t get raped too."
"What Bill? The guy who kept losing at chess?"
"Look, I can’t believe you’re thinking about whether he was any good at chess," said the guard.
"At least they didn’t have a gun," said Jonathan.
"And at least they didn’t eat him," said Darjeeling. "Did they catch who did it?"
"They didn’t shoot or eat him, no. But he had to go to the County hospital. Said he didn’t know who it was. Anyway, they can’t shoot for nothing. They took six shots at one of our boys just north of campus, he was running away, taking off his backpack in case they wanted it, and they still couldn’t hit him."
"What girls was that anyway?" asked Darjeeling. "Hot ones? Who were they?"
"It was in the papers. Some local guy staked out the place. The security dealt with it, the real security, not like me."
"You are not exactly inspiring me with your stories about the university’s security force, you know," said Jonathan.
"Excuse me? I caught a homeless person once."
"You arrested him?"
"No, but I said ‘Are you a resident?’ and he left. He was living in the secret apartment behind the stage. We had a new guard who hadn’t been checking it. He slipped into dinner a few times, no-one liked to ask him who he was. I think he was mad, kept rambling about the rats, giant and green. I’m hoping to get a bonus for that."
Finally retrieving the balls, they went down to the gym, Jonathan cradling the box.
"It has to be said, considering he was probably the heaviest gamer in the building, he really was astoundingly bad at it," said Jonathan. "The Lord only knows what he owed Little Jesus. Once, I had four spades, and he didn’t even notice..."
Jonathan described the hand in great detail, though as usual neither of them could understand his logic. Then he racked the balls (using his hands artistically to form the triangle, the rack itself having long since expired), broke the pack, and ran about half the table, which was sufficiently unusual to distract them.
But two frames later, they resumed the discussion, as is the way with gamers.
"That sucks about Bill," said Greg. "Still, no-one really knew him."
"He’s not dead," said Jonathan. "We just don’t know where he is."
"He might as well have been dead already," said Darjeeling.
"As long as you remember his hand, he lives on," said Greg.
"I suppose so," agreed Jonathan, scratching on the black.
"Hey, what’s going on, you guys," said Sarah, walking in. She was wearing a knee-length dress in a flower pattern, tied at the waist by a sort of apron. Having replaced the Latina working in the convenience store, she had decided to adopt the Hispanic shop-girl look. "The guards are like whispering and won’t talk to me."
The guys muttered and continued the game.
"Right, I’ll get naked on that pool table if you tell me," said Sarah.
"Not now, darling," said Darjeeling. "We’ve just started a frame."
"Then I’ll get naked on it if you don’t tell me."
"The guards just don’t know you yet," said Jonathan, giving in. He summarized the state of their knowledge.
"That’s great," said Sarah. "I can run with that. But what’s the story behind it?"
"We’re not sure," said Greg. "It needs more investigation, I think."
"Hola! Investigation, soy yo," said Sarah, returning to the store, having already established that the security camera trained on the counter was to spy on her rather than the customers.
***
"I just fitted my new water decalcifier," said Max, flipping through magazines in the downstairs TV lounge later in the week. "It connects over the tap in my bathroom. Are you sure you don’t want one? I can get you a great deal."
"You mean you know where I can get them cheaply?" said Jonathan.
"Yes, you order them through me. I can get them real cheap."
"But how do I know you aren’t making money on that?"
"What do you mean? Of course I make a commission. I am the Southern California Student Representative for Compact Decalcifiers."
"But doesn’t that mean you’d be trying to sell them to me, even if they weren’t any good?"
Max was confused by this. "Yes, I’m selling them," he repeated. "They work fine. They give you softer water. I can get you a great deal for the machine and three cartridges. You get them in two weeks." He passed a magazine back to Greg.
"The drier in the laundry still isn’t working," said Wendy, entering the lounge. "It stopped halfway. It owes me four quarters."
"Two quarters," said Max. "I thought you were some sort of mathematical genius?"
Wendy pouted. The lounge was decorated with Ducati and Le Mans racing posters. A shelf in the corner was loaded with motor racing magazines and a dozen decade-old Playboys. There was not a football helmet or baseball cap in sight. The TV was previewing Olympic swimming.
"Well, did you call the company?"
"Why do I have to call the company?"
"You expect Teresa to call a laundry machine company? I don’t think so. Their number is on the machine in big letters. It says, ‘For maintenance call this number.’"
Wendy went and got the number.
"Here you are. Will I get my money back?"
"I don’t know. Call them yourself."
Wendy picked up the internal phone. It must have been a freecall number, as she got straight through.
"They ask which city we are in."
"Detroit," said Max.
"Don’t be silly. I am sorry, could you repeat that? I cannot understand you. No, he was joking. You do have machines in Detroit? Are we anywhere near Detroit? They say they want a credit card number."
"Just hang up. Unless you know the university’s credit card number."
Wendy hung up. "So why does it say we have a maintenance contract if we have to pay?" she persevered.
Greg explained it to her. "I suppose we don’t have a contract. They put a sign in big letters so when it breaks down people like you will ring them in desperation and they can bill you for the repairs before you have time to shop repairmen."
"Oh," said Wendy.
"Where is Detroit anyway?" asked Max, leaving. Wendy picked up one of the magazines and looked through it.
"Hey, talking about money, Wendy, has that guy asked you for any money?"
"Max? He wanted four dollars for gas. But I don’t have four dollars. And he did not offer me a lift. In fact, I’m not sure he has his own car."
"I gave him ten dollars. It’s not a big thing. I think he owes everyone in the building some money. Hey, do Chinese girls shave their armpits?" asked Greg, curiously. He showed her an old spread of Madonna, au naturel. "She is Italian. Or Italian American, I think."
"Sometimes, I suppose."
"But you can’t afford a razor?"
"Someone left a blanket in the laundry room which I’d like," she asked. "Is it alright to take it?"
"That’s from the Salvation Army box. It’s for the homeless, but I guess you can have it if you don’t have a blanket."
"And they took my bras from the drying rack. Do you think they only got mixed up and will bring them back? I just have the bra left I was wearing."
"Oh, wow, you are in a bad way," said Greg. "Why are you asking me? Well you’d better save the bra for classes, it doesn’t bother us if you’re not wearing one, and there’s no-one much else around. I’m not sure it’s such a big problem for you, anyway, so to speak. Oh, sorry. When you get your grant check, make a trip to Robinsons, or Woolworth’s on Broadway."
"OK. I’ll go hang out the clothes in my room now."
As she left, Greg was wondering if they should make the lounge a little more girl-friendly.
***
"I’ve heard of the Pope arriving by Popemobile, but not a Cardinal arriving by helicopter. Are you sure he’s really coming by helicopter?" said Jonathan, scanning the sky, shielding his eyes against the sun with his hand. They had tried to get in the theater to see the Cardinal, but there were a dozen protestors outside and the entrances to the main hall were now all closed by the university security guards, out in force.
"He always travels by helicopter," said Darjeeling.
"Then why isn’t Max up here?"
"He’ll meet him in the theater downstairs, I suppose. With Teresa, it was her idea."
"I can see one!" said Darjeeling. It swooped closer, then hovered above. "I think it’s from the news channel."
"You guys aren’t supposed to be here," said the Gucci watch-wearing security guard, emerging from the lift.
"There’s another one," said Jonathan. "The police, isn’t it? Does his helicopter get a police escort?"
"I’ve got to ask you to leave the roof," she said. "Don’t you want to see the Cardinal?"
"There he is," said Darjeeling, pointing over the rail. A Honda Accord had stopped outside the entrance. Teresa, easily identifiable by her long red hair, was shaking hands with a man in a grey suit.
"I don’t think so," said Jonathan. "Cardinals wear red, don’t they?"
"That’s sad," said Darjeeling. "I hoped to get to meet him. Just wanted to say how much I admired him for his stand."
When they had got down to the front, the lobby was unblocked. Jonathan recognized several of the protestors across the road from the gay and lesbian reception a while ago. An old woman among them waved at him. The gays carried banners with an image of a pink steeple, and the lesbians waved signs proclaiming "right to choose". 
Jonathan and Darjeeling went up to the balcony. The doors were all chained shut, but after prolonged circumambulation they entered through the secret apartment at the back of the stage to see what was going on. The Cardinal was sitting innocuously on an armless metal chair borrowed from the cafeteria, answering questions posed by badly dressed female students in large glasses, in fact quite resembling the women among the protestors outside. Teresa sat next to him on the stage, together with Max, the only obvious Latino at the audience. The Director of Residential Life sat in the front row, beaming.
The Cardinal spoke of his childhood in Los Angeles, his cathedral downtown, and his ministry among the poor and the immigrants. Veronica asked the first question, about contraception, and in response he touched on the role of the Vatican, the problem of the chastity of the priesthood, and finally the issue of abortion, to hushed silence and then polite applause. He spoke calmly, with humanity, and even with humor, although afterwards no-one could remember exactly what he had said. After about three-quarters of an hour, Teresa and the Director escorted him out. Following them, Jonathan and Darjeeling saw the protestors staring silently at his Honda as it cruised around the block, and belatedly raising their banners, taken by surprise.
"That wasn’t quite what I expected," said Jonathan. "Or them either, I think."
"I guess they save the red robes and the icons for the Mexican church down the road," said Darjeeling.
Later that evening, they were playing cards in the lounge downstairs. Jonathan was winning, as usual, though he always felt obliged to lose at pool what he won at cards. Suddenly, June came down.
"Hey guys, Billy Crystal’s up in the lobby," she announced. "Let’s clap him in or something."
"Like, really?" queried some gamers from the computer room.
"Yeah, they’re scouting for sets, I think."
"They won’t get much of that here," said Darjeeling.
"Speak for yourself. Its sets, for a film, stupid," said June. 
The gamers left their machines and went up to the foyer. She followed them.
"Who’s Billy Crystal?" asked Jonathan.
"I’ve no idea," said Darjeeling. "But everyone seems to know him. I think he plays basketball."
"I’m going to see him," said Peisan. "Let’s quit this hand."
"But we’re playing cards," said Jonathan.
"No, let’s go up," said Peisan.
"That’s not very professional," said Darjeeling, picking up a trick.
"Well, I’m going," said Peisan. He put down his cards and walked towards the stairs.
"Well, if it’s Billy Crystal, I’m going, I guess," said Max. "I might never get to see him again." He stood up and followed Peisan.
 "OK then," said Darjeeling. "If they’re going." He went after them.
Jonathan was left on his own. He picked up the cards and riffled them. Should he go to see this Billy Crystal? A film about basketball was not an attractive proposition. Before arriving in California he had merely disliked the game, but now he detested it. Finally he wandered over to the vending machine and got some chocolate.
He started to play patience, but it kept coming out wrong. He entered the now deserted computer room, resolving to swap one Crystal for another. A gamer had left a little printed poem on the table beside a computer. It began: "If I game, do I game to win, and do I exist, if I game not?" Jonathan contemplated the phrases a while and then placed the poem on top of the pile of paper overflowing from the bin, as it neither rhymed nor scanned. He returned to his seat. Then he supposed that he was being over hasty, for no-one had asked him to criticize this poem and dispose of it. His judgment was doubtless clouded, after being abandoned so unceremoniously. He retrieved the poem from the bin and placed it beside the Macintosh. Sitting in peace for a while, he calmed and prepared his mind. Then he tried to improve his score on Crystal Quest.
***
Greg had been trying for some time to free the tape from the head of his video, fiddling with a screwdriver that was slightly too big. Cassius had messed it up again, falling asleep watching gruesome martial arts films. There was a knock at the door of his room. Sarah stood outside with a long trench coat and a reporter’s notebook. Wendy was grinning beside her in the Chairman Mao cap.
"We want to have a word," said Sarah. Unaccustomed to girls at his door, he let them in.
"We’ve been talking to the Jewish Defense League," started Sarah. "And thought we had better have a word with you. We’re concerned about some of the things that have been going on in the building. This is a completely private conversation, you understand."
"Most private," confirmed Wendy, giggling.
"How can you be with the Jewish Defense League when you’re Chinese?" asked Greg, his temperature already rising.
"Are you saying the Chinese people are not defenders of the Jews?" asked Wendy.
"If you don’t want to help us, we can always come back later," added Sarah. "You know that cushy little number you have in the office? You probably want to get that again next year, don’t you?"
"You think I want another year filling Teresa’s photocopier? Are you out of your minds?"
"We heard you were there, at the screening," said Wendy.
"What screening?"
"The Nazi screening of Triumph of the Will," said Sarah. "We want to know who else was there."
"It was not a Nazi screening. OK, it’s a Nazi film, but there’s some nice marching in it."
"You expect us to believe you watched it for the marching music?" said Sarah.
"I don’t give a damn what you believe. But yes. Look, I collect marching music. And I’m writing some." Greg gestured to a stack of military music CDs on the shelf above his desk. Sarah picked up a handful and started flipping through.
"Are you in the school marching band?" she asked.
"Certainly not. They’re a bunch of fags."
"Well, if you like marching music, I guess it’s OK," said Sarah. "But look, it’s not Teresa’s fault you’re photocopying," she added constructively. "Why don’t you be a real man, be proactive and get a proper job."
"I am a real man," said Greg, plaintively. "I was in the marines."
"The marines? What do you mean, marines?"
"The one-two-three-four, United States Marine Corps marines."
"Wow," said Sarah. "How many people did you kill?"
"None. Yet."
"Well, rather her than me. I guess you’re in pretty good shape, huh? Can I do an interview with you, for the paper?"
"This one’s in German," said Wendy. "Or at least it is not English."
"OK, leave those alone. Get out of my room, for Christ’s sake."
They went out to the corridor.
"You’re not going to tell us anything?" said Sarah.
"So call Mossad then," said Greg, trying to slam the door in their faces. The closing mechanism at the top came into play and it shut with an ineffectual phut. He put the German marching music on the ghetto-blaster at high volume. Lying back on the bed, he picked up a Playboy magazine to calm his nerves.
***
"We’re going to take down all the flyers on the noticeboards. I’ve decided."
Teresa had called a meeting of the resident advisers, in her office. Some of the chairs had gone missing, so most were standing.
"What? Who’s going to take them down?"
"You are each going to take them down, for your floors. Another notice clearly had its edges charred."
"What are we going to put there instead?"
"Nothing. We’ll leave them empty. We’ll say that we’ve taken down the notices because people have been setting fire to them."
"How are we going to do that if we can’t put up notices?"
"I don’t know. You will just have to talk to people, I suppose. Radical, hey? I guess you know by now who your residents are. I certainly know my floor."
"Suppose they just set fire to the green baize-stuff covering the noticeboards?" asked Kurt.
"Let’s hope they don’t."
"I’m not doing it," said Veronica. "I spent ages on my noticeboard, with color and photos and everything. How long before we can put them up again?"
"I have no idea."
"Well, I’m not doing it."
"I’m in charge of this building and I’m telling you to do it."
"It’s just someone drunk with a cigarette lighter. Take them down yourself."
"If you want your contract renewed, you’ll take down the notices. I’ll take them down myself anyway, if I have to, so they’re coming down."
"Can’t we put glass frames over the noticeboards?"
For the first time in her life, Teresa thought she actually saw dollar signs flash in front of her eyes.
"Then they could just break the glass," she answered in a heartbeat.
"Look Teresa," said Kurt, "if they’re going to break the glass and try to set fire to the building, then getting rid of the flyers isn’t going to stop them."
"Look, I’m telling you to take down all the flyers. We have already decided. I cleared it with the Assistant Dean. I’ll check them this afternoon. Are there any questions?"
They mumbled and went out. Teresa turned to Greg, who was watching from the outside office.
"What are you looking at? Don’t you have some important folders to bind, or something?"
Teresa sat down in front of her computer. Her little knuckles were red from clenching her fists. She put the backs of her hands on the desk and started examining her fingernails. Greg strolled to the photocopier, humming to himself, and pressed the big, green button with a lone, satisfied index finger.
***
Jonathan ran into Teresa in the elevator the next day. "And how are we getting on with Prince Charles?" she asked again. "By the way, would you like some experience fixing a photocopier?"
Getting the hint, Jonathan decided to do something about the Duchy of Cornwall issue. Following the visit of the flying Cardinal, Teresa seemed to be taking it rather more seriously than he had expected. Although he had acquired a telephone, which worked fine for calling other people in the building and the secretaries on campus, he could not get it to connect long distance calls. The telephone company had posted him a silver card, though he had thought it was a credit card. But when he had tried to use it in the bookstore in the 7th Street Marketplace the assistant had laughed and told him it was only for the telephone. But despite keying into his phone every combination of the numbers printed on the card, with all the pins and acronyms he could conceive, and thereby ringing and awakening several of his neighbors, the long-distance codes remained barred. Notwithstanding, he had received a week later a payment demand from a collection agency in Chicago, to which the telephone company had apparently transferred his account, threatening to disconnect him, terminate his credit, and take him to court. Calling the number of the attorney listed, which was thoughtfully free, he was told to ignore the "mailing" since he had a zero balance. He tried to call his parents, by way of test, but no cigar was forthcoming. 
He could not delay much longer, and so headed to the payphone in the lobby with a pocketful of quarters. He started calling his old college in Cambridge to ask if he could get a direct number for the Prince, but they were not particularly helpful, and suggested he call the Duchy estate office in the South West. After several arguments with Directory Enquiries in the UK, he obtained a number for Highgrove, and, following numerous internal transfers found a polite gentleman who might have been in the Prince’s office. Apparently, Prince Charles was not available to come to the phone at the moment. His diary was booked up for several months for phone calls, and a year or two for visits. The very same college? How extraordinary. But many years after? How unfortunate. He did not know if the Prince had ever been to Los Angeles. It was true he was very interested in architecture, and its role in the formation of communities. Did they have architecture in Los Angeles? And communities as well? One would not have guessed it, would one! And what might that beeping be? It was not at all surprising one would run out of change, when calling from across the pond! Might he call him back?
Jonathan gave the man the number written on the phone, just before it cut off. He waited a while, but the return call did not come. He wondered whether he had read off the digits correctly. He realized he should have given the number of his room.
Well, at least he had tried, and that was the main thing. He had read many times, and in many places, that it was best to live each day as though it were the last. So, in that context, a good spot of trying was more important than achieving. For who would know, in twenty or a hundred years, or especially a thousand, what he had achieved? What stood now of the works of the mighty! Except Saint Augustine, obviously.
Having thus rationalized his latest failure, Jonathan went back to his room for a nice cup of tea and a sit down.
***
Sarah knocked at another door, readying her notebook for the next victim. Odette answered, and Sarah stepped back a few paces.
"We are here about the Nazi graffiti," said Wendy.
"Oh, never mind," said Sarah.
"The what?" said Odette. "What do I care about graffiti?"
"It is against the Jews," said Wendy.
"Tough," said Odette, starting to shut the door. "I hate the Jews."
"Well, if they come for us, they’ll come for you, next," said Sarah, raising her voice.
"Don’t talk to me like that, you little piece of motherfucking kikey shit," said Odette, opening the door wide again and crossing her arms over her chest. 
"I’ll talk to you how I like," said Sarah. She was slightly taller than Odette, though, being rather thin and gangly, as befitted her years, gave up many pounds in weight.
"Oh really?" shouted Odette. "Your mother."
"My mother?" cried Sarah. "Your mother."
Peisan poked his head out of a nearby room, which observed the open door policy. "Whoa! Catfight!" he exclaimed.
Odette decided to shut the door in their face, after all.
"No-one has ever called me that before," said Sarah, turning to Wendy. "We don’t talk like that where I’m from."
"No-one has called me that either," said Wendy. "Nor my mother."
***
"Wendy," said Max that evening, "do you think you could go to the bank machine round the corner for me? I can give you my card." He was sitting in the lobby by the payphone.
"I suppose so," said Wendy, in her usual seat under the air-conditioning duct. "Though I have never used a bank machine. But can you not go yourself?"
"I just find it really difficult to remember those numbers, when I’m under pressure," said Max. "But I can tell you, it’s 1984." He reached into his wallet.
"Don’t do it!" cried Greg, coming up the stairs. 
"Well, I’m not scamming her," said Max. "It’s just, I’m not sure if the machine has a camera. I’d better be discreet with my identity. OK, you don’t have to go, Wendy. I’ll find someone else."
"I thought we were off to the Killer Whale Club," said Darjeeling, coming up with Jonathan.
"I asked Odette," said Jonathan, bored after marking some mid-terms. "But she said it was too black."
The Killer Whale Club was only two blocks south, and they walked down there with Max. Casey was moonlighting on the door, flexing his pectorals.
"Hey," he said. "Roll on in, come see the Killer Whale!" He waved them up the steps without checking I.D. In the lobby, a gloomy tank held a large fish, possibly a very small Killer Whale, which swam the length of the tank, and then back again, in a pleasing, metronomic fashion. Further up the steps, the dance floor was currently empty. They sat in the dining section and made their order. They waited a long time. Some black couples arrived, the women dressed in not much at all, the men in black jackets, roll-neck sweaters and heavy gold chains. Such a group took a table nearby, peering round suspiciously, flashing great diamond rings. Immediately they received huge plates of chicken risotto.
"I think it’s a bit dark in here," said Darjeeling.
"They could certainly turn up the lights," agreed Greg.
Drumming on the table a little longer, there was no sign of the waiter.
"What are we doing here, man," said Darjeeling, finally.
"Damned if I know," said Greg.
Darjeeling got up and walked out. Greg and Max followed. The table beside them began a strange bellowing and footstamping, like a football chant. Jonathan hastily jumped up and ran down the steps after them.
"This opened a month ago, like a very relaxed club," said Casey, outside. "They told me, we don’t have a door policy. It’s mixed, everyone is welcome. So I let everyone in. But then, only one sort of person started to come. Now, I am the only mixed person left. Apart from the fish."
"All you white people are racist," said Max.
They decided to go out west, and climbed into Greg’s car. They tried the Beverly Hilton. As soon as they arrived, a whole table of well-dressed businesswomen left, so they slipped into their chairs and drank their cocktails, of which each had received two. Then they themselves ordered a happy hour martini each, which was another two.
By this time a little far gone, Greg drove them up the hill to a strip bar.
"Let’s all get ten minutes, for ten dollars," said Max. They went across to negotiate entry. Jonathan protested and waited by the car. A Mustang parked next to him. The driver was examining his rear fender and arguing with a wide man in a larger truck wearing an I hunt, I live t-shirt.
"If he just gave me twenty dollars, I’d say OK," said the Mustang driver.
Jonathan went over to look at the fender. "I can’t see a scratch," he said. 
A battered Chevrolet with simulated wood trim drove past, producing an enormous booming that might once have served as a warning in a distant jungle. Four young black men hung their heads out of the windows. Jonathan wasn’t sure if they were the ones from the other club. They stopped, started shouting and revving the engine.
"I think I’m off, you got lucky," said the Mustang driver, as he and the hunter hastily settled their differences.
Across the road Max was still arguing with the doormen. Jonathan got back in Greg’s car, but this did not offer much protection, as the roof was down.
"What you doing here?" asked one of the men, pointing his fingers at Jonathan as though they were a firearm.
"We’re allowed in Hollywood, aren’t we?" said Jonathan.
"Who’s allowed? We’re allowed! We’re allowed!" And the car started chanting and rocking, "We’re allowed! We’re allowed!" and drove off. As it pulled away there were two loud cracks, that might have been gunfire, or might have been backfires.
"They won’t let us in," said Greg, as the others returned. "Look, there!"
They drove to a short-skirted woman strolling along the sidewalk, and hooted. She looked in disapproval, and then came over.
"Hey," said Darjeeling. "What do you charge?"
She was distracted by a Cadillac pulling up behind them, rather new, the driver middle-aged and in a smart suit. She went up to the vehicle and bent down to the window.
"That’s not fair," said Darjeeling. "Why didn’t you bring your Mercedes-Benz?" he asked Max.
"I guess it’s in the garage," Max replied.
They drove off in the direction of Santa Monica, for pints of "that alcoholic cider", sat for a while and then returned to the Auditorium. By the time they got back they had sobered up and went for a nice cup of tea and dry biscuits in Jonathan’s room. 
It was a fairly normal night in LA, actually.
***
And so the semester drifted past. The rustle of the cards; the blistering heat of the sidewalks; the burn of the Red Label; the rallies in ridiculous, repetitive conversations. But for hour after hour, into the early morning, he would sit in his cell. Sometimes he would stare blankly into the middle distance, seeking a perfect emptiness and clarity of thought, so his mind would free itself and ascend to the visualization of the highest patterns, of philosophy, theology, or advanced squeeze play. Once every few evenings he would be rewarded by an insight, and his spirit would ratchet one cog higher, like a pilgrim to a craggy Greek monastery, being slowly pulled up in a basket. At other times he would patiently copy references from his notebook to his laptop, each tap on the keyboard a simply formed and direct action. He would make coffee every few hours, always black, for he had not found anywhere in the whole of downtown that sold fresh milk, and in any case had not taken the option to rent a fridge. The only sound was the roar of the air-conditioning fan, and, if he switched it off, an occasional pattering.
For, in downtown Los Angeles, there was no morning chorus. No bird had ever perched on his windowsill. In the streets, no cat brushed against his legs, neither thin and hungry as on the islands of the Greeks, nor fat and contented as in the burgs of the Germans; no foxes dribbled rubbish torn from black bags in the night, as in the towns of the English, and no dogs left their souvenirs on the sidewalks, as on the boulevards of the French. Only the rats were left. He could hear them now, scurrying through the ducts. Sarah had once told him she had seen a rat in the basement store, standing on its hind legs on the counter, modeling itself before the security camera. She had swatted it with Euroboys Monthly, and it had sauntered behind the refrigerators. They had asked the guards, who confirmed it was immortalized on video. Then, in the kitchen of the upstairs restaurant, another had appeared, stalking delicately around the polished knives. On occasion an operative of Rentokil would appear, clothe himself as a vintage diver, and do his dismal duty with the long rods and tasty baits. If one day he did not answer the call, how long before the rats drove the students from the building? And would it not then share the fate of the hotels a few blocks to the east? First a flophouse, then boarded up by some long-sighted developer, and inevitably burnt out by the cold and drunken homeless of skid row. Eventually, the building would fall, the whole city would fall, and the beasts of the field would cautiously reappear, raising their noses in victory, the rats in the vanguard. And then perhaps the fur traders would return, setting for a while their traps in the remnants of the storm drains, as, long ago, they had camped in the flood plain of a meandering river, seeking skins, followed by the priests, seeking souls. The hides had been floated downstream, loaded at the jetties of Long Beach, and carried south and eastwards, round the Cape, by tightly packed ships with brutal masters. And the souls? Were they too spirited away, leaving a land dark beneath the sky, clouds of smog replacing clouds of smoke, the beat of the boombox replacing the beat of the drums, as the natives once more signaled their savage wars across the valley?
And what would happen next? Who could say. And what should be done? It was not easy to know what to do for the best.
***
Jonathan was not a frequent visitor to the gym on campus, and he had not imagined Odette to be one either. Nevertheless, she had suggested the outdoor Olympic pool, and they had swum two laps together. But then she had flopped onto the deck, pleading exhaustion. Jonathan could not help noticing the sorority girls in the Jacuzzi, relaxing in the last rays of the afternoon sun, as had Odette. He had got changed and was waiting outside for her.
"Could you see if there is short-haired girl in there?" he asked a lady going in, after about half an hour. They had arranged to see a film, and at this rate were going to miss it.
About ten minutes later he asked someone else entering, "Could you see if a short, black girl is in there, and tell her I’m waiting?" No-one came out. He asked at the reception desk if they had seen such a specimen leave before he had arrived. They didn’t think so.
Finally he said to another girl, "Can you see if there is a fat, ugly, short, foul-mouthed black girl in there and tell her to get out?" 
"And who are you calling foul-mouthed?" the woman replied, haughtily, not too thin herself.
"Hi," said Sarah, from behind. "Want to work out with me?" She was wearing a cut-off t-shirt, shorts, and perfectly white trainers.
"Hi. No, I’m just waiting for someone."
Sarah paused, expectantly. No further explanation being forthcoming, she asked "Who?"
"Oh, no-one. Actually, Odette."
"For her? Why?"
"We’re going to a movie."
"Oh, I see," snorted Sarah, stretching to her full height. "Getting your money’s worth while you’re here, I suppose." She slung her sports bag onto her shoulder and marched down to the weights room. 
Finally Odette emerged. "Are you still here?" she said.
"What were you doing in there?" he said. "I thought we were going to watch a film."
"I was just in the shower. Why did you wait so long?"
They went to the campus cinema. Odette had wanted to see Silence of the Lambs. She had got the day wrong. Nevertheless a great low rumble revealed something was going on, and they ventured in. The Starship Enterprise was maneuvering delicately alongside another spaceship. Otherwise the cinema was deserted, except for a Mexican man and three children, who had clearly wandered in as well. Although dark, the light of the phasers was reflecting on the bent metal sticks they carried. Jonathan at first thought these were imitation lightsabers, but after some thought deduced they were designed to establish whether there were any cans in the campus rubbish bins. The man looked nervous and moved as though to get up, but Odette made an "I couldn’t care less" gesture with her hand, and they remained seated.
"I’m not watching a second more of this crap," said Odette, after a while. "Let’s go home."
They then made their way across the campus, and were distracted again, this time by a fast drum and harsh guitar. On the central concourse students were standing in front of the statue, where a stage had been erected and a band was singing about birth, school, work and death. In the front a group of boys, in t-shirts and shorts, were engaged in a curious dance, leaping up and down, and jerking their heads a little back and forth. Their hair was short, so the intended effect of the headbanging was lost. Furthermore, they had retained their packs on their backs, so these bounced up and down as well, on occasion striking the cranium of the bearer on the descent. But a real aggression was found in the ring surrounding the dancers, for whenever a pseudo-headbanger should accidentally knock them, the bystanders would shove back roughly with their arms, and then look about, jaws set firm in the air, justified by their righteousness.
"This is a strange place," said Jonathan to Odette, as they turned away, the rest of the campus dark and empty. He was expecting her to remark on the marked lack of ethnic diversity in the crowd, a subject to which she was often sensitive, but she said nothing.
"Do you like it here?" she asked.
"All places are alike to me," he replied.
As they walked back to the car she reached out and took his hand.
"Don’t hold my hand on campus," he said, as if joking, though wondering whether Sarah might have joined the crowd.
"What? A little racist are we?" Odette remarked. But she let go of his hand without complaining, as though doubtful herself, and they drove back to the Auditorium in silence.
***
Next Saturday morning Jonathan came down for some coffee, to find Kurt standing guard over the counter at the convenience store.
"I can’t give you your cup today, Jonathan," said Sarah, on the till. She started to flick through this month’s Ebony Love Sluts, as though she were somewhere else.
"You gotta bring your own cup," added Kurt.
Jonathan observed the stack of polystyrene cups resting harmlessly beside the filter machine, and decided to risk a confrontation.
"But my cup is upstairs. Why can’t I just take that Styrofoam one?"
"You gotta recycle the cup. It’s a new policy. It’s for the environment."
 "If you don’t give me a cup I’m going to blow your fucking brains out," said Cassius, in line behind Jonathan.
"Cool," said Sarah, looking up. "That’d be a great story."
Kurt stared at the three of them, wrinkling his forehead. "OK, just this once," he conceded. "But next time, you gotta bring your own cup."
Cassius and Jonathan made their way up to the lobby.
"Nothing gets between me and my coffee," said Cassius. "Do you want to come out for some shooting? I’m just driving outside the city to hit a few cans."
 Jonathan naturally agreed to the proposition, since it involved a car. They went over to the lot, and got in a camper, which Cassius had borrowed from Casey; a split-screen Volkswagen, remarkably free of rust. After mounting the freeway they drove far longer than Jonathan had expected, several hours from the city, into the hills. One freeway looked much the same as another, but eventually they turned onto a winding track, leading to a national park. Many signs warned against starting fires, but there was no-one to read them. Just as the center of Los Angeles was empty, so were its peripheries. Life flourished only in circulation.
They got out of the van and wolfed down a few sandwiches, as seemed appropriate in the wild. Cassius unloaded his sports bag from the back, and they made their way into the forest. The trees were spaced oddly far apart, and around their base was dried and packed earth, scattered stones and no undergrowth, except the odd bush. There was actually no wildlife, although Cassius pointed out a few holes on the trail which he said might signify rattlers.
"What are you going to shoot, then?" asked Jonathan.
"Just trees and cans," said Cassius.
"I feel like I haven’t been outside before," said Jonathan. "There’s not much here, is there?"
"No, the nice bits have houses on them, I guess. Let’s try this clearing, then."
Cassius unpacked the hold-all and took out what looked to Jonathan like a military rifle.
"Where did you get that?" asked Jonathan.
"What do you mean? My dad bought it. But they’d sell it me, or you if you want one. It’s Russian, he got it to defend his store. But now he upgraded and it’s mine."
 Cassius extricated some old cans from his backpack, loaded the weapon, and took a few shots. It was more noisy than Jonathan had expected, and the bang echoed around the hills, though no bird or beast was obviously disturbed. Cassius set the gun to automatic and blasted at a tree stump. They went further away from the cans and lay down, sniper style.
"It’s good to shoot at cans," he explained, "because if you hit one you can hear a noise."
He managed to hit a can after a few tries. He handed the rifle to Jonathan, who lay down, aimed, and tried squeezing the trigger carefully, as he had read in numerous spy novels. The gun jerked away from his arms and bruised his shoulder. He tried again and it was more stable. He did not hit anything.
"The gun is the best of all the weapons," said Cassius. "Compared to say, the sword, or the bow, or the knife, it is much easier to master. Those take years of practice. And then, what use are they when you come across someone with a gun? Anyone can kill someone with a gun. At close range, anyway. Obviously, if you want to be an expert marksman, you have to practice a lot. This rifle is probably not any good at a distance, it has to be calibrated and stuff. I don’t have a proper sight anyway. I might get a laser sight with infrared and we can come up here at night and shoot at things. That would be cool. When I graduate I might specialize as a sniper."
"It was the same when the crossbow took over from the bow," said Jonathan. "Anyone could use a crossbow. King Richard was blinded with a crossbow."
Jonathan tried again. The gun was more stable this time, though he had no idea where the bullet went. He handed it back to Cassius.
"Did you learn to shoot in the ROTC?"
"No, I haven’t joined them yet, maybe next year."
"I thought you were training to go in the military."
"No, I’m waiting for summer school, I’m on a film lighting course. I can transfer the credits when they let me in. Then I’m gonna join the ROTC. I’d like to kill someone, but legally though. Even for the Highway Patrol you need a four year degree, you know. Most of them won’t never even draw their weapon. Their entire career, shooting nothing."
"So you’re not doing a degree?" said Jonathan, realizing he knew nothing about his companion with the assault rifle other than that he lived at the Auditorium. He at once regretted the question.
"Are we allowed to do this?" he changed the subject quickly.
"Probably not," said Cassius. "In the fascist state of California, I shouldn’t do more than twenty minutes or so in case someone comes after us. We could go to a range, but it’s kind of boring."
Cassius suddenly swung round with the weapon on his hip and sprayed bullets for 360 degrees all around them.
"You can’t do that at the range," he said.
"How do you know there’s no-one there," asked Jonathan, by now definitely alarmed.
"There won’t be, like now!" said Cassius. He shot a bit more, Jonathan keeping a careful eye on the barrel, then they headed back to the camper.
"You want to go look for a 7-11 for more coffee?" asked Cassius.
"No, we better get back on the freeway," said Jonathan. "It’s spooky here on our own. We can drink coffee when we get back."
So they set off back on the freeway. Jonathan’s nerves calmed as they passed a sign of a crossed-out rifle, with writing indicating No Shooting within City Limits, and they approached the safety of Downtown.
***
It was not fair, in fact, to say that Teresa liked expensive accessories, other than those relating to her personal organizer and associated writing implements. It was a mistake that could only be made by someone with a most superficial appreciation of student culture. A freshly pledged girl of the better sororities, glancing at Teresa, and approving her perfectly clean and pressed t-shirt, would nevertheless have instantly drawn the opposite conclusion: that her accessories were inexpensive and the clothes most likely from Nordstrom.
Teresa did own a few pieces of jewelry, mainly presents from her mother, each in 24 carat gold with fine stones. But she never wore these. She also had several antique, strangely ornate Celtic brooches inherited from her grandmother, possibly very valuable. But since they could only be worn at some sort of 20s party, she kept them in her parents’ safe at home. She preferred clean lines and simple, bold colors. She was content with sunglasses by Pierre Cardin, indeed preferred them, and usually wore a Swatch watch. She put on little make-up, usually just around her eyes, enough to look professional. In her own way, she was also quite an abstract person, being not very interested in material things. What she liked was organizing people, and seeing who was doing well, or badly. She did not seek to have power over them as such, but it was certainly nice when everyone knew what they were supposed to be doing.
She sat in her office planning research for the Journal of Residential Life Professionals. The Director of Residential Life had suggested that an MA in Residential Life Management at the university’s Dausingkoch School of Lifelong Leadership might be good for her C.V., and she was patiently designing questionnaires to distribute to the more compliant residents. From time to time she referred back to her undergraduate paper on leadership. Together with her other college papers, it was nicely typed and bound in a color co-ordinated folder. The professor had only marked it in pencil, as she had requested. He had made some comments on whether a leader should seek to surround herself with people cleverer than her. She had observed that this might be true in the case of employers requiring specific skills, but did not seem to apply to many businesses. Indeed, this was surely not the case at the Auditorium.
 She was disturbed by Greg and several other office assistants who had arrived from campus. They were crowding with unaccustomed enthusiasm around a new photocopier. A most attractive woman from the Xerox Corporation had come to demonstrate its finer functions. She resembled Princess Diana, but with bigger breasts. The commotion and competing attraction annoyed Teresa. When they had left she went round to the outside office.
"You couldn’t put on some coffee, could you Greg?"
"I am not here to make you coffee," said Greg. After flirting with the Xerox girl, he was temporarily feeling like a real man.
"Well, I could use some coffee and you’re supposed to be assisting in general office work," said Teresa.
"I am an ex-marine and I am not here to wash your coffee cups."
"You don’t have to wash the cups, you can use some Styrofoam cups and throw them away. They’re more hygienic anyway. Look, if you don’t want to work here, why don’t you just do your teaching. Weren’t you teaching piano?"
"Elementary keyboard skills, actually. That was last semester, but they didn’t renew it."
"Why?" said Teresa. "I thought you liked that music stuff."
"They said I gave everyone As. They said, ‘how could everyone get As?’ They turned up, so I gave them As. It’s not like they’re going to go out there and take out someone’s liver instead of their appendix, is it? So you can make your own coffee."
"Greg, I think you should go for a walk around the block, before you say something you might regret."
Greg slammed down some files and slipped on his jacket.
"See you in an hour, Greg," said Teresa. As he left she added, "and could you nip to the basement store and pick up some ground beans on the way back."
She returned to her desk. With no-one around, she pulled from her drawer the jobs section of the LA Times. She was fed up with students anyway. It was like herding rats, and she was gradually getting older than them, which was depressing. She thought she might go for a job as a sort of office manager in a law firm downtown. Her father was a lawyer, though she herself was not that good at the tests. Or there was the court service, or the mayor’s team at City Hall. The trouble with the public sector was that there would be a lot of racial stuff. She could easily miss the best promotions. 
There was a job managing publicity for the LA Metro. Perhaps she could trade on her experience in community management, and her presentation on urban development? But would she have to arrive at the interview on the new metro train? In fact, would she thereafter be subject to the daily indignity of a metro-rail? But she could surely wear sensible walking shoes in a metro-office. An advantage of residential life management was that she did not have to wear heels. Would she also have to get a smart watch, to symbolize the importance of the trains being on time?
It was not easy to know what to do for the best.
***
Dining at the Auditorium was often an "event", as they had read in the brochure. In fact, it was such an event that, faced with Teresa’s promised visit of the university President, certain students decided to skip the pumpkin, spicy chicken and soda siphons, and go for a beer in the rotating lounge at the top of the Bonaventure, the cost being about the same.
In the lobby of the Auditorium, Sarah ran into an older man with thinning hair and pronounced jowls. Upon enquiry, he appeared to be a helicopter pilot. She invited him to come with them, as a rotating sky-top bar seemed an appropriate place to take a helicopter pilot.
The bar in fact turned almost imperceptibly. The ceiling lights were tiny, like stars; the seats were leather, with straps for arms. An exotic and expensive cocktail menu slotted into the table, but the waitress made no objection to bringing beers. She even placed one neatly on a coaster in front of Sarah, without mentioning I.D. The lights of the city spread out below them, like a great landing strip for a division of UFOs.
"I wonder if you can see anything interesting through the windows of those condos," said Greg.
The pilot had ordered a steak with all the trimmings, and ate shamelessly. The others watched, nursing their Bud Lights.
"I had never seen strangers making love before I came to the Auditorium," he said.
"What? You mean students across the courtyard?"
"That too? My room faces outwards, towards the Golden Girls. You would think that at my age, I would have seen a lot, it’s strange." He was referring to the large bar a block across the parking lot with a sign in flashing lights 1000 Beautiful Girls.
"I went in there once. It was quite sad, lots of Mexican day laborers, I think, some dancing, a few talking in booths. The women didn’t look very pleased to see me."
"We should probably go there," said Darjeeling. "Pay the bill and let’s go to the Golden Girls."
"They come from there," continued the pilot, "then they go to the parking lots nearby behind the cars. I think they don’t realize you can see them from the hotel. Or they don’t care."
"That’s so they don’t have to pay table fees," said Greg.
"No corkage? That would be so low class. Let’s not go," said Darjeeling. "What was I saying? God, an Hispanic girl bar. Next we’ll be line dancing."
"So, what are you doing here at college?" said Jonathan, trying to return the conversation to civility.
"Well, it’s really just a break, I am usually flying helicopters."
"So you said. I used to want to do that when I was young," continued Jonathan, trying to give the impression of sharing a common interest, as he had read recently in How to Win Friends and Influence People. "The other boys wanted to fly jets," he continued, "but I always liked helicopters. I saw my first helicopter land in the park when I was about six. Surely we don’t teach helicopter, uh, pilotage, here?"
"Not exactly, but you have a great aviation safety program. It’s one of the best in the country."
"Really? You fly for the police or something?" asked Sarah, wondering if she could work this up into an interview feature.
"No. I fly in New Guinea mainly, sometimes in Indonesia. I’ve spent the last twenty-seven years flying around there. Borneo is my favorite. We have lots of fun flying missionaries, aid professionals, tourists, you name it we fly it, we’re always sweating over the trees. But there’s always a problem with the customs and taxes. They’re always wanting bribes, you need good relationships. It’s difficult to explain to the aid professionals. We’ve no problems with the missionaries. They are culturally sensitive. Once I flew a consignment of Bibles and we got out without a bribe. We said it was a holy book. But I tell them, well we are flying so we are using the customs services, and we pay for them with a little present. If there was a tax, then everyone would pay for the police and the officials. It’s fairer like that, don’t you think?"
He turned his attention back to the steak, carefully brushing the greens off the top. After cutting it into pieces, he laid down the knife, leant on his left elbow, and ate with the fork in his right hand.
"But I am embarrassed that I am in this program."
"Really? You don’t need to be embarrassed about that," said Sarah, wishing she had brought her notebook. "You sound like you should be teaching the course. There can’t be many people with twenty-seven years of flying helicopters in foreign places."
"As I said, it’s mainly in New Guinea, so the distances aren’t that long. I see so many guys in the course with so many more hours than me, I’m embarrassed."
"You could probably land a job here with all the news helicopters, and the police ones," said Sarah. "I was at a party last month down the row, it was broken up by a helicopter and six security cars. The strangest thing. We arrive at the front door, the guy says, ‘If you don’t have I.D. you got to go round the back to get a drink.’ So we go round the garden, and suddenly this helicopter descends from the sky with its spotlight, like it had been waiting for us, saying in a great voice, ‘The party’s over guys, disperse and leave the area.’ Then there’s a screaming of sirens from the front and four police cars and two of the white university security cars drive up. The police run straight to the house and say, ‘Clear off guys, it’s over’ so we put, you know, those red plastic beer cups down on the grass and go out while the security guards lean with their big asses on the fenders chuckling and watching the cops break us up. And the other girls are like, ‘you want a drink officer?’ with their Greek jerseys and hands on their hips, cool as brass. Then one says, ‘Why don’t you go down south and stop a few drive-by shootings?’ and the officer says ‘You want me to check your I.D., lady?’ and the security guard says to the cop, ‘Better card them! You might get shot if you go down there!’ Then we run down the road as a couple of us only have college I.Ds."
"Well I guess I missed that party. Makes me wonder whether I’d not be better off in Borneo!" The pilot swallowed and put down his fork. "Well, nice running into you guys. I’ve a manual to study for a mid-term. An immense, spiral-bound thing. Honestly, I don’t think my ’copter could lift it!"
Hungry after watching the steak, the others left him in the Auditorium lobby and decided to go down for some food after all. The university President was giving a speech from his table about how attracted he had been by the Auditorium project when he was looking for a university to be president of. Teresa was sitting beside him, smiling around. They tried unsuccessfully to negotiate with the cashier a half-price buffet, as half the food had gone, but were fortunate enough to spot an unattended pastries trolley on the way out.
Sarah had this week’s feature already set, but was debating whether to run the next feature on the visit of the university President to the Auditorium, or the adventures of the helicopter pilot from Borneo. She liked the sound of Student Brings Cannibals Brain Food.
***
"What type of I.D. do you have, Wendy?" said Max next day, from his seat by the telephone in the lobby.
"I have my passport," replied Wendy, who was sitting with her legs crossed under the air conditioning duct, one hand on her ankle and the other with a finger in the page of an English dictionary. She had asked the receptionist if it was possible to fix the air in her room. He had seemed most helpful, but nothing had happened.
"OK, what age is on it?"
"Twenty-one."
"Twenty-one? That’s good. How did you manage to get it on a passport?"
"Because I am twenty-one."
"Really? You look real young. Would you like to help me do some shopping?"
"What sort of shopping?"
"Are you any good with spreadsheets, Wendy?" asked Teresa, wandering through the lobby. The Assistant Dean had drawn her attention to an article in the Daily Student titled Student Lives by Rice Alone, and signed An Undercover Investigative Reporter at the Auditorium. She had hastily formed a plan.
"I have not tried. I’m studying physics and electrical engineering. I would like to try spreadsheets."
"Why don’t you come up to my office and take a look?" said Teresa, reflecting that Greg was in classes that afternoon. "We’re thinking of putting all the college admissions requests onto spreadsheets so we can see how many accept a place, you know."
"I would like that," said Wendy, standing up. "Thank you."
"Don’t thank her," said Odette, panting up from the mailboxes. "She’s grooming you for a job there next year."
"Don’t say that! But maybe even earlier," said Teresa.
"Have you told Greg yet?" asked Odette.
"Oh, he’s a bit beyond this work, I think," said Teresa, nodding emphatically.
"And what about me?" said Odette. "Don’t I get a job too?"
"You won’t need a job. You’ll be an RA next year, I’m pretty sure."
"Really? Are we going to work together?"
"Well, I’m not supposed to tell, but the Assistant Dean agrees that we need a bit of ethnic variety on the RA front. I’d say it’s certain, if you help out a bit."
"Oh you don’t say!" Odette started to jump up and down, clapping her hands.
"It’ll be a great year, Odette!" said Teresa, following suit, the two of them like seals at a water park.
Wendy watched and moved up and down on her heels and toes uncertainly, clapping her hands twice. She followed them to the elevator.
"See you later, Wendy," said Max. "Maybe we can talk business soon!"
Wendy nodded, not sure whether she had committed herself to anything.
"We have to get you some shampoo, Wendy," said Teresa, as soon as the elevator doors had closed behind them. 
"And if you’re going to wear shorts you should shave your legs," added Odette, looking her up and down. 
"Do you have any jeans?" said Teresa. "Do you want to come shopping with me?"
"Yes, let’s go shopping together!" said Odette.
"I don’t have any money," said Wendy.
"Don’t worry, we won’t do designers. Like, attention, K-mart shoppers! No, we’ll just go to the Galleria. I’ll give you a twenty dollar advance. You pay me when you get your pay check. We’ll find you some jeans for twenty dollars. You can have some of my old cosmetics. The teeth will be more expensive though. Maybe you can do them next year. I don’t think we can pay your rent at first. But after a week or two we can see if we can get you on a meal plan. So we don’t have to watch you eating noodles with tomato ketchup."
"OK," said Wendy, "though I can’t afford tomato ketchup." She smiled, pleased to have found some friends.
***
Dear Professor Clausewitz,

Greetings from Los Angeles! I thought I would write and tell you how I have been getting on. I have been here since September and they put me in this lovely hotel that they bought and are trying to turn into a European style Residential College. Like ours, in fact. It is filled with antique oak furniture, with marble floors and dark oak noticeboards. I am a sort of ornament and my job is to stroll around wearing a jacket and speaking with an English accent. So no change there then! But really, I should say it is a bit different from our college at home. They don’t have an organ scholar, or indeed an organ. There is a river, but it has no water in it. So there doesn’t seem to be any rowing. But this would bother you more than me! They do have a rugby team, which I tried out for. But the grass on the playing field was rock hard, like concrete. I tackled someone and cut my head open on a water sprinkler. Then they stitched me up in the medical center. I happened to say politely, in passing as it were, that in England you would not expect a water sprinkler on a rugby pitch. I ended up being psychoanalyzed by a huge Brazilian called Little Jesus, in a frigid little windowless room, in case I was suffering from cross-cultural mental health issues. It is surprising how many ink blotches resemble the Blessed Virgin, don’t you think?
I must say that as for the medieval philosophical studies, they have a very strange approach. Mere deconstruction is considered somewhat déclassé. They do not seem to be interested in what may have happened, or in what someone actually thought may have happened, but rather in what role these ideas can be placed in a story or construction of events, and this is governed more by the logic of the story than by the events themselves. So if you say something happened, or exists, it may as well have existed. If you have a camera filming something in a particular context, then no-one knows what else happened so it may as well have happened. Indeed, it did happen. It is as though nothing really exists, actually, and it doesn’t matter what you do. And everything that might exist is slightly changed. As I said, we now have a Cambridge college in downtown Los Angeles, though it is nothing like a Cambridge college. Though on the other hand I am here and I am from Cambridge, and Stephen Hawking was here too. So maybe it is a Cambridge college...
I will probably be here in the summer but I am sure I will see you again eventually! I do look forward to reading your book on Ptolemy’s Almagest. Do give my regards to Dr. Schliemann.

Yours truly,

Jonathan
***
Jonathan had been browsing in the Brooks Brothers store near his eponymous club, tired of the Danny Kaye styles that Odette was always choosing for him, and bravely preparing to risk a confrontation. But he nevertheless was returning empty-handed from indecision, and saw Hermann, the silk-shirted homeless man, carrying a new shopping bag, across the road to the east. Jonathan turned to cross over to the south side of the junction.
Across the street the man beckoned to him. "What, we playing Pac-Man?" he shouted. The easternmost light changed first, so Jonathan, with resignation, struck out towards him.
"You again, I presume?" said Jonathan, wittily.
"Running away from me? One time your walking speed doubled when you saw me, now you cross the road to avoid me? Aren’t I right?"
At this point Jonathan had to decide whether to wait and cross the road in a southerly direction, or proceed walking east and cross at a later junction. A case could be made for either option. Such a dilemma was common among pedestrians downtown. Generally, arriving in their cars at the underground garages, their privacy was secure. Then, ascending to their offices, anyone they might meet was badged, or had at least passed a security screening. Then they were in their offices, safely ensconced between coffee machines, water coolers and linen plants in terracotta-colored plastic pots. But at these lunchtimes they might encounter strangers, whom they eyed uneasily while the little red light shone, especially the women tottering on taxi-to-table heels, having been unable to find a taxi that would not only take them to the airport. So now Jonathan had no option but to walk four or five blocks (depending on whether he turned right or moved straight on) alongside this homeless man. He might not even be homeless, since his silk shirt no longer seemed as dirty as before, though a large band-aid still secured his glasses. His trainers were caked in brick dust.
"Going to get your guards to protect you, are you? I don’t care about them. I can slip in whenever I like."
"I thought you were going back to Chattanooga."
"Change of plan, man, change of plan. I’m staying here. I could use a dollar. In fact, I could use a hundred dollars."
"You been shopping?"
"Just picking up a few things."
"Well, if I were going to give money to someone, I wouldn’t choose you, would I?"
"I got cut up in a fight above my eye, look I was sleeping in the hall of my hostel, they came and took my stuff and hit me."
Jonathan saw there was indeed an ugly cut above his eyes. They waited together at the next light.
"You’re not giving me even a dollar?"
"I don’t think so."
"Man, you sure ain’t going to heaven."
"Maybe not," agreed Jonathan.
"Meh. Why don’t you come out at night?" Suddenly Hermann spat at Jonathan’s feet and turned north, heading for a sidewalk with more foot traffic. Jonathan made his way back to the Auditorium, shaken, but, in truth, by now a little hardened from his encounters.
***
Next evening, Jonathan opened the door to his room in response to a knock. He didn’t see anyone. Then there was a sudden hissing, he turned to the side and Darjeeling said, "You’re maced!" imitating an aerosol with his hand.
"That’s not very funny," said Jonathan.
"Come racing," said Max.
Max offered to take them to "Laguna Seca on Grand", which puzzled Greg and meant nothing to Jonathan. The evening started in Jimmy’s "cop" bar, where a lone goldfish in a filthy tank swam up and down, peering in turn at grimy, off-duty law enforcement professionals, down-and-outs claiming to be Vietnam vets, and mustachioed transvestites, pondering when it might return to the un-fished ponds and streams of its ancestors. The locals responded with mute contemplation.
Establishing that the draught-dodgers preferred beer in bottles, the four of them proceeded to O’Barney’s basement bar, a short distance up the road. They asked for Guinness, and were surprised when the bartender confessed there was none.
"But isn’t that rather essential for an Irish bar?" said Darjeeling.
"Yes, but no-one asks for it, and the owners are Korean," he replied.
"Well, I’m asking for it."
"We have it in bottles."
"OK, no, wait, is that some Red Label?" said Jonathan, having just received an American Express card in the mail. "Give me a glass. Give everyone a glass. Go on, Max, there is no substitute."
The Red Label was first poured into unacceptable shot glasses, and then, after protestations, tipped from the shot glasses into whiskey tumblers, to which the barman nevertheless added ice before he could be stopped. They persuaded him to decant it into fresh, dry glasses, but by that time a sip revealed it had become rather cold and watery.
Max picked up his glass dubiously. "I’m not sure now is the time," he said.
"No," agreed Jonathan. "Leave it for now. It would spoil your first experience." 
"Well, would you like to upgrade your Red Label, for the next round?" asked the bartender. "Try a little of the Black this evening."
"You must be joking," said Darjeeling. "Always the red, never the black!"
"What?" said the waiter, stopping at the bar, since he had no orders. Indeed, they were the only customers. "Is that a song? Is that Shakespeare?" 
"Shakespeare?" said Greg chuckling. "I don’t think so. I don’t think it even means anything."
"Signifying nothing," quoted Jonathan. "Like a walking shadow, creeping in this petty pace from day to day, signifying nothing."
"Signifying nothing!" said the waiter, exalted. "Absolutely fucking nothing!" He gave a little dance.
"Did you always want to be a waiter?" asked Darjeeling.
"I just love that quote," said the waiter, walking off. The bartender frowned at him.
They did another round of shots in the empty bar, and Max led them out. They traversed many high pedways, numerous vacant hotel and office lobbies joined by deserted yet ever-whirring escalators, and descended several strange, graffiti-scarred concrete stairwells, until emerging into a great, roaring, cathedral-like hanger, deep underground.
"Welcome to Laguna Seca on Grand," shouted Max. Two dozen cars, curiously small but mightily rebuilt, revved their engines, the sound echoing like a great organ. Four big-haired women in short skirts, black tights, and tops cut low even by Latina standards, danced a crazy salsa to a throbbing beat produced by huge speakers mounted on a flat-bed Toyota pickup. Max approached sundry shifty South Americans, exchanging firm handshakes and small packages. He introduced the students to his brother, a priest in holy garb, who mouthed "Hola" or maybe "Hail Mary" and then processed in front of each car, sprinkling a little holy water on the oversized air intakes, as the young men behind the wheels made the sign of the cross in return.
Finally the cars drove off carefully two-by-two, over-revving with a most singular growl that managed to screech at the same time. The truck followed, and then Max joined his brother in his orange sports car, tacking onto the end of the procession. The three stood alone in the hanger, which fell dark and silent.
"Come on," said Darjeeling. They leaped up the steps and made it back to the crossroads in time to see the last pair of racers start down the hill. The cars accelerated powerfully as far as Ninth Street, then suddenly braked to turn off at Tenth, to escape on the freeway back round to East LA. A Ducati that had been timing them, or at least recording the positions of each pair, powered away from the corner.
The homeless man without the Dayrunner had unfortunately chosen a crossing on the racetrack for his evening’s atonement. Yet each of the pairs of competitors had miraculously missed him, spread neatly on the line separating the lanes.
Max’s car flew down the hill, his brother driving, still wearing his dog collar. He seemed to be adjusting the stereo, and the car smashed over the head of the homeless man, bounced and skidded slightly, braked suddenly, then accelerated again down and round in the direction of the freeway.
"That doesn’t look great," said Darjeeling.
"I think he was gone already," said Greg.
They stepped up. The man on the crossing raised his head, blood pouring from his scalp.
"At least it was a Porsche," he gasped, his head falling back down against the carriageway.
Another homeless person stepped off the sidewalk, crowbar over his shoulder. The three moved back warily. Bending over the injured man, he started to leaf through his pockets. But anything once there had already been taken.
"Do you think I should tell him it was only a 924?" said Darjeeling.
"That would be too cruel," said Greg. "I was thinking he was just another down and out. But he was clearly an enthusiast of the marque, fallen on hard times. I bet he had a story to tell. Why deprive him of his last pleasure? And didn’t it have a supercharger, anyway?"
"Turbocharger, I think," said Jonathan. "But shouldn’t we call an ambulance?"
"That gentleman just checked on him," said Darjeeling. "Probably looking for an emergency contact number to notify the relatives. Anyway I doubt Max has insurance. Look, we’d better not hang about."
They walked down to the Auditorium.
"Want to look at some girls?" said Darjeeling, gesturing at the Golden Girls club.
"I don’t think this is the right time," said Jonathan.
"I don’t hear any sirens," said Greg.
"That’s what I mean."
"You always have some excuse."
"OK," said Jonathan, "Let’s go."
In fact, they went to Joe’s strip-bar and magazine store, which they had finally managed to track down. Greg, as an ex-marine, knew how to get his money’s worth, leaning forward, head on his hands. Jonathan found himself unable to concentrate on the valuation of the assets of the migrant workers of Latin America. He dropped twenty dollars in the pit and walked back alone to his room.
He generally felt safe strolling downtown on his own after midnight, since by then the homeless had retired for the evening. Of course, The Owner still sat dumbly opposite the Auditorium, but he was no problem, and Jonathan nodded affably. Then a thought occurred to him.
"Did you know that guy who used to lie on the crossing?" he asked, not expecting a response.
"I hear you saying, ‘used to lie on the crossing?’" said The Owner, slowly. "You mean, he not lying on the crossing no more?"
"No, he’s dead," said Jonathan.
"I done told him not to go lying on no crossing. If he done killed hisself then that’s his own fault."
The Owner volunteered no more information, and Jonathan did not like try his luck further.
That morning, Jonathan lay in bed reflecting. He had seen someone killed, but had not called an ambulance. On the other hand, someone who had been killed had no need of an ambulance. And no-one seemed to have cared. He wasn’t even sure it counted as an additional boundary crossed. Perhaps one night he would write a little table of relevant considerations, and analyze the situation more thoroughly.
***
That weekend, Jonathan and Greg were watching the spray come out from the ground in the plaza in front of the downtown concert hall. Jonathan had never seen such a thing before, and it struck him as rather disorganized, since a careless or unknowing person could easily be soaked. It was the afternoon, and some children dressed beyond their years were playing at dodging the plumes of water in the break during the concert.
"Do you want to go in and see what’s on?" asked Greg. "It’s a matinee."
The cocktail bar of the hall was open to the terrace. Several inspectors waited to prevent any unticketed person entering.
"We don’t have any tickets," said Jonathan.
"It’s OK," said Greg. "They won’t check us. We’re white."
"You’re Armenian," said Jonathan.
"White enough," said Greg.
"Anyway, I don’t think we should try it. I’ve never gone in without a ticket before." The bell for the end of the intermission was ringing.
"I thought you were experimenting in saying yes? How many personal boundaries have you crossed so far?"
"Sixteen," said Jonathan, having previously drawn up a ledger and decided not to include the man on the crossing.
"So here’s another. Little J might give you some credits for it. Though it’s such a minor forfeit he might not bother. I’ll go first." Greg walked straight past the inspector, nodding at him, proceeding into the bar and through to the hall. Then he stopped and waited.
Jonathan felt his pulse racing. He took a deep breath, without opening his mouth, and walked in past the clerk.
"I always hope one of jets will catch someone," said the ticket assistant, smiling. "But they never do!"
Jonathan nodded, not trusting himself to speak, and walked over to Greg.
"You see," said Greg. "It’s not that difficult."
They entered the stalls of the hall and Jonathan started to take up a seat at the back.
"What are you doing?" said Greg. "Come on." He went right to the front, where they sat behind and slightly to the right of the conductor’s podium, nodding affably to a small lady and her husband alongside. "I never know why people sit back there when it’s always empty down here," Greg confided.
They listened to Mahler’s third symphony, marred only by soporific strings and scattered clapping after the first movement.
The two of them walked down from Bunker Hill to O’Barney’s for a beer, but a great chain and padlock hung on the door. One window was already fractured. The sign was turned to "closed", and beneath it someone had added in manuscript, "... forever, and goodnight sweet princes!"
Shrugging their shoulders they passed by The Exchequer Hotel, and nipped in for a late afternoon martini. Little Jesus and Darjeeling were already seated there, playing chess on the large marble board set in the cocktail lounge. The other drinkers, three sharply dressed businessmen, one bald and two with slicked-back hair, watched them with some interest.
"Hi," said Greg. Little Jesus grunted in response.
"This is a fag hotel," said Darjeeling. "Watch your back, mind."
"Why are you playing here, then?" asked Jonathan.
"I put my nose in, and the manager said again "Please play!" What could I do?"
"Well, I’ve got a problem," said Greg to Little Jesus, settling down alongside. "I think I might get fired."
"So, go to financial aid. Why you ask me?" he replied, looking up from the board momentarily.
"It’s Teresa. It’s a girl thing, really."
"Uh-huh," replied Little Jesus, understanding. "Is she like, your boss, right?"
"I guess," said Greg, explaining what had happened. "So, what should I do about her?"
Little Jesus took the queen from the board, and held it close to his eyes, crossing them thoughtfully.
"Pina colada," he said finally, returning the piece to the board and continuing the game.
"I think it’s gone beyond that," said Jonathan. "You can’t just invite her for a drink."
"Little Jesus has spoken," said Darjeeling. "You could try a margarita instead, but don’t blame me if it doesn’t work."
They had another round of martinis, then could not resist a third, and set off back to the Auditorium. Jonathan went to get dressed for dinner.
Greg marched up the steps to Teresa’s office, slightly unsteady on his feet. The door was open, and he found her staring at the photocopier.
"Hi," he said. She looked round, eyeing him warily.
"You want me to help with that?" he asked.
"No, Greg," she said, bending over the console. "I can manage fine. It’s only a copier."
"Sometimes it’s difficult to load the paper," he said, approaching. She turned round and faced him directly, placing her feet apart and resting her left hand on the machine.
"No, Greg. Look, if you don’t want to work here, go to the financial aid office. Stop bothering me."
"I don’t suppose you want to come for a pina colada?" asked Greg. "There was an Irish bar up the road. So we could have Guinness. Like your old country, right? But it’s shut down."
"You’re already drunk," she said, tapping twice on the copier with her fingernail. "Go have coffee or something."
"But I thought, oh, never mind," muttered Greg, turning away with his head down, and heading for the stairs.
Teresa shut the door to the office behind him. After a few seconds she released the button holding the latch open, and quietly engaged the lock.
***
"Let’s go shopping!" said Odette to Teresa, walking into her office after another week of classes. 
"I don’t think so, I’ve some papers to sign," said Teresa.
"We can go to Glendale in my car," said Odette. "You haven’t been in my car yet. Wendy is downstairs, we were going to dress her up a bit."
"I’m a bit busy now." Teresa already regretted her plan to help Wendy, developed in a moment of panic, and had no wish to make things worse by taking Odette. "And there’s a meeting for prospective resident advisers on campus I’ve got to be at."
"No you don’t. It’s Friday afternoon and you’re already some sort of super-RA. I just told Wendy we would go."
"You should come to the meeting too, it will help show you’re keen for next year."
"You just want to get me on your list, don’t you? Oh, come on!"
After some further negotiation, Teresa agreed. It had been a tiring week, and she wanted to have a look at the watches anyway. But the idea of being dependent on Odette for a ride to the Galleria and back seemed a great risk to both her privacy and her independence. She suggested that she follow Odette in her own car, and that they split after seeing the stores. But since they both lived in the same building this position was difficult to defend. Finally they agreed to go for a walk to the Robinsons department store a few blocks up on the corner.
Descending in the elevator, Odette embraced Teresa firmly to show her appreciation. They met Wendy, informed her of their decision, and made their way up the road together.
The department store was rather dingy and always completely deserted, except for sales people hunting for someone to sign up to a Robinsons store card. Odette had long since used up all possible credit opportunities; strangely the store staff already seemed to realize this and only a youngish Latina assistant approached her. She was dispatched with, "I am good person who had some credit problems in the past. Would you like to go to a great Church service?" Teresa already had a card, which she never used. While Odette and Teresa hunted for discounted jeans, Wendy was signed up for a 15% discount.
"How about these, from Ralph Lauren?" asked Odette. "Like 30% off. Doesn’t Wendy just deserve these?"
"Thirty percent of 140 dollars is still quite a lot of dollars, Odette," said Teresa. "Where are the twenty dollar basics lines?" she asked the assistant.
"I’m sorry, you need to go to K-mart or the Broadway for those," she replied. Teresa handed Wendy a discounted Robinsons store pair of straight-leg jeans and told her to try them on.
"Are these for men or women?" Wendy asked.
"They’re unisex," replied the assistant.
"But which sex?" said Wendy.
"That’s fine for you then," said Odette. "Hey Teresa, let’s try on some clothes together too," she suggested, pulling her towards the changing rooms. "You’d look great in that t-shirt with the cowboy on it. Or what about that sporty bra? I’d never fit there!"
"No, I usually shop the South Coast Plaza," said Teresa. "My mom and me have a personal shopper. That’ll be fine, Wendy," she added, as she came out with the jeans.
"I’m sorry, but they declined your application," said the assistant, patting Wendy on the arm. "Perhaps you don’t have a credit history."
"I thought it was for a discount," said Wendy.
"Yes, but you need a credit card first. Are you new in the country?"
"I already told you that," said Wendy.
"Come on," said Teresa, handing over her store card. "It’s time we were getting back." The idea of having to talk to them both while looking at watches in the Broadway mall next door was too much.
"Shall we go out to dinner?" said Odette. "Wendy probably doesn’t want to come."
"Oh, I don’t mind," said Wendy. "Can we go to the Diner?"
"No, we’ll have dinner in the college," said Teresa. "Not you Wendy, of course. You can have your spaghetti hoops for now."
"OK," said Wendy, carefully picking up her bag with the jeans and the Robinsons logo.
Teresa managed to escape them in the lobby. She lay on her bed wondering whether she should just go home for the weekend. It was true her folks had been hinting it was strange she kept coming to see them. They asked why she never went out with anyone any more. And her friends at home had all gone away as well. She would love to go shopping with her Mom. But it was getting a bit awkward.
And to get to her car she would have to go past Wendy in the lobby. So Teresa stared at the ceiling, hoping that maybe if she waited a while Wendy would have gone down to cook something.
***
There was a coffee shop Jonathan sometimes visited, when he wanted to get away from the Auditorium and felt the General Collection of the LA library might be too distracting. But, as the final weeks of the semester approached, he had even there been running into the other residents, since students flocked together; and he could see that this plain, somewhat anonymous establishment might shortly become a place to meet.
To call it a coffee shop was perhaps a misnomer. It was actually identical to any number of fly-by-night fast-food places between the Auditorium and skid row, a dozen blocks to the east. The floor was tiled, the tables were simple, and the white plastic chairs might well have been bought from the Home Depot garden range at five dollars apiece. The coffee was perfectly normal filter coffee, available in small, medium or large sizes, and served in a polystyrene cup. If you wanted the coffee "to go", something Jonathan rarely did, since he would then have to do two things at once (that is, drink and go), they would put a plastic top on the cup. But it was not the high-tech plastic top provided by the more upmarket coffee and donut houses, such as Dunkin’ Donuts, which were white, and with a little plastic flap marked by perforations that could, on a good day, be bent back upon itself and secured by the use of a strange pimple. No, this was a standard translucent plastic top, very similar, if not identical to, that provided at the local MacDonald’s, which Jonathan actually visited quite regularly as well. In such tops, the hole from which one drank had to be carefully torn by hand, a technique that was little sung, and known only to native Americans, in the widest sense; though not, to his knowledge, formally required for appointment to civic office, or even military service. He would sometimes invite other Europeans to the coffee shop, and see if they could work out how to make the appropriate tear. Jonathan had himself been such a victim, the first time Greg had taken him to the MacDonald’s, but he had foiled the plot by pulling out a small, folding ceramic knife, being the only such implement he had been able to find downtown, venturing out the first time for essentials on arriving at the Auditorium. In fact, that had also been the first time he had gone out with Darjeeling, who had an intimate knowledge of knife craft.
This coffee shop was distinctive not by virtue of its small range of pastries and donuts, although they were substantial and edible. Nor was it especially attractive because the milk supplement was served in liquid rather than powder form, though this was a bonus. The shop was distinctive because it was extremely clean. Indeed, Jonathan had first noticed the place when a Lebanese diamond dealer (wearing overlarge, black plastic-framed sun glasses and un-ironed pink slacks that finished half an inch above his ankles) had been holding open the door and congratulating the manager, "It’s nice to see a clean place round here for a change!"
The manager was Korean, about forty, and always wore a pressed white shirt with a collar. The ladies behind the counter were possibly his daughters. Jonathan had never spoken to them, other than to give his order, and to say thank-you in a slightly surprised and apologetic tone as he recovered the dimes and nickels when the change was thrown upon the counter. He had no cause to make idle chit-chat with professionals in the food sector; unless they were students, sharing his dislike of labor and merely playing at service provision for financial reasons.
On this occasion Jonathan had picked up his coffee, large, and had settled into one of the plastic chairs. He had added two plastic capsules of milk, having carefully peeled each of their sticky top bits from the lower brown, ribbed plastic carton without spattering any liquid. However, he had ensured that each top bit remained slightly attached to the carton by its rear flap, for he intensely disliked leaving the little white tops with their milky underbellies beached upon the table. He was stirring the coffee with the white plastic spatula that had thoughtfully been provided. His eyes had begun to focus on the middle distance beyond the plate-glass windows (also nicely cleaned), and he was piloting towards a state of deep inner peace.
He was woken from his reverie by a commotion at the counter.
"I gave you fifty cents!" said Hermann, still wearing his filthy silk shirt, and chewing his cigarette holder. Jonathan tried to look away and raised the coffee cup to hide his face.
"It is seventy-five cents, it say it there."
"You’ve got your fifty."
"It say seventy-five," repeated the owner. Jonathan glanced through his fingers at the board displaying prices. Indeed, it said seventy-five. In fact he knew this, because he was by now in the habit of handing over the correct change.
Hermann slammed the coffee on the counter, spilling it. He swore and walked out, trying to slam the door, though frustrated by the slow-closing mechanism.
"And I hope you don’t come back!" said one of the girls at the counter, wiping up the coffee.
Jonathan considered whether it would be safer to return to the Auditorium, but did not want to risk meeting Hermann on the way.
As happened from time to time, Darjeeling and Greg came by, returning from the El Pollo Loco. Sarah ran along behind them, looking around nervously, wearing jeans and a Dodgers baseball cap. 
"You’re up early," said Darjeeling, opening the door with his foot. "We have a guest who wants to find the real LA. Come and check out the cigars in the Arco Plaza."
They went up Broadway, pausing beside an amusement arcade to watch a hustler artfully hiding a pea between three shells on top of a cardboard packing box, as young Mexicans looked on, making bets to impress their short-skirted girlfriends. Several denim-jacketed Latinos stood nearby, shaking their heads in disbelief, glancing alternately at the passersby and the cardboard box, proclaiming to no-one in particular the Spanish equivalent of, "You’ve got to be in it, to win it!" and, "You knew where it was, didn’t you!"
Greg laughed, and exchanged some sentences with the hustler in Spanish. 
"You know one another?" asked Jonathan, in surprise.
"He says to tell Max he’s running a book on the racing this weekend," explained Greg.
"What, at Del Mar?"
"No, Laguna Seca on Grand. I think that’s what he said." He looked round to Sarah for support. 
"My Spanish is better on maid-related words," she admitted.
A few yards north, an old man sat in a fishing chair, smoking a pipe, for all the world as though Broadway were the mighty Mississippi itself. "You can’t beat him, he works with four students," he remarked, unprompted, as they passed.
Turning west, they headed to the Arco buildings, twin, dull, grey office blocks remarkable only for their height and the "Arco" wording at the top. As they approached, the sidewalks became cleaner, but deserted, the Mexicans fading away block by block, their shops replaced by the foyers of banks, almost permanently closed, and odd convenience stores for those who could not survive the day without a new Blancpain. 
 Sarah squinted uncertainly at an escalator clicking its way down into a tunnel, unmarked except for a Delta airlines logo and a security camera with a red light.
"Are you sure there’s really a shopping mall there?"
"And a post office, come on!"
They ventured down the escalator and after a few yards of blank, damp hoardings found themselves in a shopping mall, one in every four stores boarded up, the rest with occasional staff sitting behind counters selling souvenir mugs of Los Angeles, postcards, key-cutting and hairdressing services, and even books. Jonathan wandered into the latter store and stroked some volumes picturing downtown Los Angeles with trams ridden by men in hats. The store manager and a lady assistant watched as though they would very much like to lighten their subterranean existence by engaging him in conversation, but were forbidden to do so by some corporate edict. Darjeeling headed to a small tobacconist, which also sold cigars in an elegant thermidor, and a wide variety of drinking flasks, for which engraving was also available. He emerged with a pack of cloves.
"Success," he announced, opening the packet and lighting one.
"You can’t smoke in here," said the bookstore manager.
"No, I’m just going out," said Darjeeling, taking one step across the line separating the inside of the store from the mall. He stood and puffed with a victorious grin.
"No, you can’t smoke anywhere in the Mall," said the lady shop assistant, laughing.
"Oh no? Follow me guys."
Jonathan, and Greg trooped after Darjeeling, flanking him, each a single step behind, like a security detail, Sarah following. They went down another escalator to a floor of the mall with even fewer open stores than the one above.
"How far down does this go?" asked Sarah.
"There’s another escalator over there," said Greg. They went down that as well, to be met only by more boarded up storefronts, fluorescent lights and oddly tinkling water features.
Darjeeling looked around. "I think this needs some decoration. Does anyone have some spray cans?"
"I don’t seem to have packed any this morning," chuckled Greg. "But here’s a permanent marker."
He produced a pen from his inner jacket pocket, remaining from the morning’s employment.
Darjeeling took the pen and with bold strokes began to scrawl a swastika on one of the hoardings. The pen produced a rather thin line, so he tried to fill in the design with hash markings, each arm about 6 inches wide.
"You can’t do that!" said Sarah.
"Of all possible ideas, I am indeed not sure this is necessarily the best," remarked Jonathan. Darjeeling ignored him, and began to sign his creation "DJ" in an illegible gothic. Then he moved to the next hoarding.
"Hey, what’s going on?" someone cried from several floors above, and there was a sound of running feet.
"Come on!" said Greg, and they ran round the corner through two brass double doors, entering a curious octagonal space with low lighting, candles and pews. "Shh!" said Darjeeling. They waited in silence.
The guards came to a halt outside. "I’ve not seen graffiti there before," said one. "Is that what they were doing?"
"I saw them," said another guard. "It was two or three Hispanic kids, we can check the video for them coming in."
"Yeah, I’ve not seen that signature either."
Darjeeling and Greg started grinning to themselves. Darjeeling puffed contently on his clove and walked straight out of the chapel.
"Good afternoon," he said to the guards. They nodded in response. "Did you see those boys running around? Oh dear me, look what they’ve done. You would think all of Broadway would be enough for them, wouldn’t you? Graffiti is the first crime, you know. You should get that cleared up. Once they have started with graffiti, you’ll have drug dealing, sexual assault, fires, and maybe even murder down here!"
"It’s OK, they’ve gone now. Don’t worry, they won’t be back soon," said the guards, bulky black men in a grey uniform. They started to stroll back to the escalator.
"By the way sir, you shouldn’t smoke in here," said one, turning.
"Oh really? Should I not? Yes, of course!" Darjeeling stubbed his cigarette out on the hoarding.
"Thank you, have a nice day."
"You as well."
Darjeeling turned back into the chapel. He relit his clove from the candle burning near the entrance. Jonathan had been looking around. A noticeboard gave the times of daily mass.
"Would you believe it?" he said. "This place has relics of the saints, look." He pointed to small silver reliquaries behind glass display panels set into the walls. "It’s like a shrine."
"The Mexicans in the building come to pray each morning, I suppose," said Greg.
"Don’t do that," said Jonathan to Darjeeling, who was beginning to carve a swastika into the back of one of the pews. 
"So was it you with the screening?" said Sarah, looking round for security cameras, but not finding any. "And what’s with you and the swastikas anyway?" 
"I’m Jewish," said Darjeeling. "And they’re five credits each. More if you carve them."
"But you said you were from Iran. There aren’t any Jews in Iran."
"No, but I’m not in Iran," giggled Darjeeling. "I’m in LA, the real LA. Or our Auditorium, usually. I thought you wanted to learn about it?"
"Let’s go," said Jonathan. "I should come back with my camera, and get some photos to show the students."
He led them out, up the escalators, and, blinking, into the sunlight.
***
Teresa stood by the overhead projector in the boardroom on campus. She had originally suggested the committee hold a meeting at the Auditorium, but the Director had thought they would all be worried about their cars. And she admitted that the pink marble moldings around the doors of the boardroom, and the plaster cornices on the ceiling, were quite impressive. The table itself was also splendid, apparently carved from a single piece of wood so large that it must have been installed in the room before construction of the administration building was completed. She had survived many questions from the Deputy Director of Parking Services, and slid the last transparency into place. 
"And so you see," she continued, "we have had another successful semester. The project has reached full maturity. The physical environment of the building is complete, the basement is waterproof, and the parking is now secure. Following our coup with Stephen Hawking, we have had a series of prestigious guests lined up."
The Director of Residential Life nodded in support. The Dean of the College and the directors of the other schools of the university sat around the table. The nitpicking of the Deputy Director of Parking Services had clearly annoyed them. 
"And this is the model showing the connections of the college around the downtown, and to the campus. Thanks a lot for providing us with this," she said, turning to acknowledge the University Development Company. "Note the tram lines and the bike lanes. Many students and members of the local business community have commented on the plans. It certainly puts the university on the map downtown, both figuratively and, as you can see, literally." Teresa smiled, and they smiled back.
"We have had special interest from the Business and Leadership programs. The Law School is enthusiastic, to help their interns," she nodded in the direction of their representative, a large black lady who glared impassively with thick glasses, short hair and dark red lipstick.
"Wasn’t there some issue with student disruption there?" she asked.
"Not really disruption," said Teresa. "It’s just that if the fire alarm goes off the building is quite old and high and the external fire escapes don’t work so the firemen have to bring their, like, totally tallest ladders?" Her composure slipped a little as she searched for a suitable explanation. "They just showed it because it makes for good TV."
"And then," she rushed on, "we had Cardinal O’Malley who gave a talk in the theater shortly after."
"Oh really?" The Dean seemed quite interested. "Well done. What did he lecture on?"
"The importance of life," she answered.
"Wasn’t that rather controversial?" asked the Director of Residential Life.
"No, I don’t think so. There were even some placards outside," said Teresa, puzzled. 
"And what are your plans for the college towards the end of the year?" asked the Dean.
"Well, we’re just planning a party, but not a normal one. It will have a screening of the films of Charlie Chaplin with live piano. In fact, we have lots of music students, and each week there’s a concert at dinnertime. We also have a regular poetry evening."
"And the guests?"
"Well, we had a visit from the university President two weeks ago, and then... that guy who got the Olympics to come to Los Angeles." Teresa could not quite remember his name. One of the Deans snorted slightly. "Next we have the chief of the L.A.P.D. coming to meet the Director of Campus Security. He is going to give a talk over cocktails about the importance of community policing."
"If they were as keen to police the community as they are to break up sorority parties..." started the Deputy Director of Parking Services. Teresa smiled politely. 
"We are part of the community, of course," added the Director of Residential Life, nodding to her.
"And anyway," said Teresa conspiratorially, "although we can’t confirm it officially, we have a special guest lined up after finals. One of our residents was at the same college as Prince Charles over in England, and we are hoping the Prince can make it. He’s very interested in the connection between architecture and local communities."
"Prince Charles?" said the Dean, nodding vigorously. "That is very good." The others around the table raised their eyebrows with interest.
"I expect we will also invite you guys to explain the mission of the university to them. The mayor of Los Angeles will probably want to come as well."
"Are you sure about this?" asked the Dean.
"Well, it’s not absolutely certain, but definitely on the cards at the moment."
"OK," said the Dean. "It will be great to meet him. Do you think he might bring his wife? No, I am only joking. Well," he addressed the table, "I think the Board can conclude that this is certainly turning out to be a most interesting project..."
"It should be, at this price," muttered the Deputy Parking Director.
"...and that we can approve it for the next year. Assuming nothing terrible happens, of course. But we certainly have to keep an eye on the finances," he concluded. "We’ll have another look at it in three months. Thank you, Teresa. You certainly seem to be giving a hundred percent."
"I wouldn’t say that," said the Director of Residential Life. He paused, dramatically. "She’s giving a hundred and ten percent, at a minimum!" He clapped her on the shoulder.
"You’re welcome," said Teresa, blushing.
"Now," continued the Dean as she left the room, "next item. So what are we going to do about all these bomb hoaxes?"
Teresa skipped a little on the way to the tram stop, but halfway there turned back to the parking structure. She had got her Volkswagen Golf Convertible in the sorority a few years back. When she had graduated, her parents had offered to buy her a BMW, but she had said they didn’t have to. As the years had passed, they had not repeated the offer. It would be silly to leave the car in the campus lots any longer, and in any case surely she had deserved a bit of personal space. You never quite knew who might be on the tram. And, being rather fair, it was not good for her complexion to wait at the bus stop.
***
Jonathan had again been kidnapped by Odette. Her parents were in Mississippi checking on some property, so the two of them had spent the night at the family home. The sun was just rising through the windows, and Jonathan sat impotently as Odette sneered about him to someone on the phone. He tried to stop himself sliding down the thick plastic covering the sofa, head throbbing from the carafe of cheap sherry he had finished last night. Still, he looked to find another drink, but it was all gone. She had earlier muttered something about making him breakfast, but it did not yet seem to have appeared. 
"No, I didn’t know he was going to get drunk on my daddy’s sherry. I better get some more now to fill up the jug. Where do you buy sherry anyway? I just told you, I had him. Last night. Yeah, he was a piece of crap. No, we didn’t have any here. You piece of shit," she added, turning to him, "you didn’t have any. God. No, he was crap too. Don’t be silly, he’s a useless piece of white trash, what do you want him for? There was blood over everything too. Yeah we had to shower afterwards. I told you I didn’t know he was suddenly going to get horny, the gay shit-fucker. Yeah he’s a piece of shit. Hey you, listen to me! Well do you know what he wanted to do then? To take me up the ass. No, I told you we didn’t have any. I told him to take his fucking buddies up the fucking ass, the arrogant little nigger-shitter. Well at least I suppose I won’t get fat like that. No cafe-au-lait babies, not for him, he’d only molest them. No, I’m not making any sausages. Look, you’re not getting any bacon either. No, he’s a low risk I’m sure. Well, maybe he is gay. Look, you, did you get yourself taken up the ass or not? Do I got to get a gay test now?"
She went on in this way to him and her friend on the phone for a long time, fishing with her other hand around the bottom of a large KFC bucket. It had been passed to them the night before by a small Korean in the neighborhood "restaurant", using a precisely sized turntable set at the base of a thick plastic screen stretching to the ceiling and embedded with two-way microphones, all installed by the management doubtless to prevent the staff becoming too friendly with the customers.
"I think you have low self-esteem," said Jonathan, finally.
"Oh, hang on, the little one’s speaking! I have low self-esteem? No, darling, I have high self-esteem! We people of color are very strong! To deal with all the racism. Hmm-hmm." She grunted in a satisfied way. "Especially the women, isn’t that right? Strong black women. He’s the one with low self-esteem. Eat me out again, Johnny-boy. You don’t even have a car. What’s that? He’s big enough, but nothing special. He ain’t no Crenshaw cock, that’s for sure. But what do you expect from a tender young white boy, from En-ger-land."
"Look, we can’t both have low self-esteem," pled Jonathan, but she ignored him and carried on talking.
After another ten minutes she finally put down the phone.
"So, Jonathan! Don’t you just love LA? Do you know what we’re doing now?"
"Can we go home?"
"Yes, so you liked the pussy did you? Heh? Now we’re going to wash the dog!"
"Wash the dog?" repeated Jonathan blankly. What fresh perversion was this?
"No, wash the dog! Hey, Rufus!"
Rufus bounced in from the hall, large, brown and barking. He saw Jonathan, growled and showed his teeth.
"He doesn’t like to get washed. But he doesn’t know it’s happening yet. He’s my daddy’s defense. Never mind. Give him some food and I might get you sausages. The pack’s under the sink."
Jonathan took out the packet and poured the biscuits into the dog’s bowl. They overflowed and spilled on the floor. He tried to pick some up and put them back in the packet. The dog turned, pulled back its lips, and growled. Jonathan retreated.
 He eyed the door of the house. It was double bolted, with a security chain and a large iron bar across the center. The windows were covered in iron grilles. The weakest point might well be the walls, which seemed to be of plaster board. Outside, a high iron fence surrounded the property. The door was not visible from Odette’s telephone position in the lounge, where she was flipping through her address book looking for someone else to whom she might recount her experiences. So he quietly tried to undo the bolts. The key hung behind a cupboard nearby. The dog gobbled up the biscuits greedily.
Finally, the door swung open with a metallic grinding. Jonathan felt to see if his wallet was in his pocket, and stepped outside.
"Hey," said Odette. "Where’re you going?"
Across the road two young black men were working on a Ford Mustang. They looked up as he exited, stared at him and gestured to one another. From the porch Jonathan examined the fence in front of the drive. It was designed to slide closed behind a car. Odette’s was parked outside on the street, but the lock on the fence was engaged and seemed to require another key. Could he leapfrog it? Odette grabbed him by the shoulder and pulled him back in.
"What’s going down? I told you, we got to wash the dog, Jonathan. Are you trying to get rid of me, now you got what you wanted? You are so full of shit. But I like you Jonathan. Do you want to talk to Jose on the phone? Here, wait, I’ll get you the sausages. Sit down at the kitchen table. You want to see my daddy’s shotgun? He got a shotgun under the bed that can blow right through the walls."
She picked up the frying pan and threw some sausages in them. He sat down, remembering the shotgun. They ate the sausages in silence, snacking on spicy Doritos. She did not seem to have any coffee.
After breakfast, they loaded the dog into the car. It did not appear frightened, though Odette warned it might become obstructive when they reached the salon. As they got in together the men outside made some remarks to Odette which may well have been rather vulgar, though Jonathan could not quite understand their accent.
They drove west and then north, in the direction of Venice or Santa Monica, since there did not seem to be many dog washing facilities in the immediate vicinity of Inglewood. Odette spoke continuously to the dog, and now and then addressed Jonathan in language which would also have been considered quite hostile in Cambridge. The car did not seem very happy either, and Odette abused it equally, having problems changing gear. Finally she drove it very carefully into a mini-mall, lurched over the entry bump, and let the engine stall.
"Made it," said Odette. "Clutch gone again. If we’d stopped out there we’d never have started. Uh-huh. I told them to get me something Japanese."
They took out the dog and Jonathan helped her push the car a few feet into a marked parking bay.
"I’ll get some quarters and call Jose. He’s a real man, with a car. Actually, he’s sort of gay. But he does have a car that works. Can’t have everything. Well, there’s the parlor." Odette pointed out a small store marked Dogg Washers Supreme, Donuts and Free Coffee. It was just gone nine o’clock and someone was turning over the sign on the door from "Closed" to "Open".
"Hey, and there’s a Thrifty’s. Wait here with Rufus." She walked off suddenly. "I’ll go get us some Trojans."
Jonathan stood holding the dog’s lead, watching her slouched back as, panting and swaying from side to side, she retreated in the direction of the drug store. Rufus barked twice after her, and then turned and growled at him. He identified a possibly unintentional misspelling of the word "dog" on the "dogg washers" store, and considered whether to go in to correct them.
 An orange RTD bus pulled up alongside the mall before the intersection. This was his chance. He didn’t recognize the number, but it was going north, so must connect with Wilshire somewhere. Jonathan dropped the lead, leaped the low barrier separating the lot from the sidewalk, and ran into the bus. He reached for his wallet, looking behind him. It seemed like an eternity, but he found a dollar bill. He fed it into the machine.
"You need another ten cents," said the driver, another large black woman, staring at him quizzically.
"I don’t have any change."
"You need another ten cents," she repeated.
"Here’s another dollar."
"OK, if you got it." It whirred into the box. A Latino woman in the seat to the side emitted a disapproving "Humph."
The driver didn’t pull off. The light was on red.
"That your dog?" she asked.
"What dog?"
"That dog." Rufus had followed Jonathan and stood at the foot of the entry to the bus. He barked, growled, and barked again.
"No, it’s nothing to do with me."
"I seen you holding the lead."
"Could we please just leave?"
"Do I look like a taxi?" The Hispanic woman cackled with laughter.
"Hey!" a bellow came from the direction of the Thrifty store.
"It’s her dog."
"Sure! Whatever you say." The bus started to pull away. Odette lumbered towards it. "Don’t you think you’re leaving me here with no car and a dirty dog!" she cried. "Cocksucker!"
The doors closed and cut off her shouts. The bus slipped safely across the intersection and proceeded down the road, lurching over potholes like a sea-monster across the waves. Jonathan retreated past the Latino women, who muttered curiously to one another, and sat beside an old white lady in a deerstalker. She inspected him up and down.
"Are you sleeping with that girl?" she demanded, disapprovingly.
Jonathan swallowed and looked her in the eye.
"I suppose so."
"As I thought," she replied. "I am chairperson of the Los Angeles Sherlock Holmes Appreciation Society. I notice things like that."
No longer surprised by anything, Jonathan nodded slightly, and stared straight ahead, folding his hands in his lap.


PART III - FINALS

***
The time had come for Greg’s composition to be assessed. He had assembled a sextet from the marching band, and thought they had played quite well. He lowered his baton, nodding in thanks as they smiled and left the stage of the theater in the Auditorium. He should have suggested they wear the band uniforms, he reflected, as his sort of music was just not so effective in jeans and t-shirts.
The professors looked at one another. The other members of the class sat behind them, and clapped politely. Jonathan and Veronica clapped more loudly from the balcony. 
"Thank-you, Greg," said the Professor of Composition. "That was nicely conducted."
"You are welcome," said Greg.
"And thanks again for suggesting we come up and hold the recitals in this old hall. We certainly salute your bravery in performing a Passacaglia for Marching Band and Piccolo. Of course we saw the score, but it was interesting to hear it live."
"But we do wonder," continued the Assistant Lecturer in Commercial Composition, "if this theater isn’t perhaps too appropriate, since we are not clear what you have actually learned from this class. The piece you played could have come straight from nineteenth century Prussia. If not the little flute of Frederick the Great himself."
"Yes," resumed the Professor. "It was as though you were marching an army up a hill, and then marching it down again. And the class began with Schoenberg. Have you not listened to the Schoenberg?"
"Yes," said Greg. "But I didn’t like it. You can’t march to that."
"Still," said the Professor, "this is a composition class. That was not a composition, in the recognized sense of a composition. You would not go to a science class and discuss the flat earth theory, would you? Or a literature class and discuss Anglo-Saxon? Or a theology class and discuss astrology? So why have you come to this class and played a piece of derivative eighteenth century marching music?"
"I would have to say, I am not sure this is not something of an insult to us," said the Assistant Lecturer.
"No, Oscar, I would not say that," said the Professor. "But I think, Greg, you might consider retaking the class. I mean, I cannot give you a grade now, but there seems to be a fundamental misapprehension of what music school is about."
"Well, thank you anyway," said the Assistant Lecturer. "Could we now have darling Letitia and her piece for detuned jazz guitar and xylophone."
Greg resumed his seat in the audience, and, as a former marine, sat without moving a muscle through the other student pieces. How could he pay to retake the class? And what sort of army could whistle Stockhausen?
***
Next Sunday morning, after two long evenings commiserating with Greg, Jonathan decided he could do with a donut and coffee before going to bed. There was a curious lack of donut shops downtown, so he took a stroll down Figueroa. At the side of a church, exactly where the cemetery should have been, he found a gas station selling nothing other than gas, donuts and coffee. Exiting with coffee in one hand and a bag with a donut in the other, he noticed the double doors at the back of the church were standing open. 
Across the road he could see the larger Catholic church, domed and red-roofed, its parking lots full. He had entered there once, but left quickly, finding the service in Spanish. But this church was relatively small, the style an impoverished Romanesque. Suspecting that the doors were kept firmly locked except when there was something on, he crossed the forecourt of the gas station, peered inside the building, and entered. The congregation was predominantly black, and extremely well dressed. The women carried large, floral hats; the little girls wore smart, frilly dresses in white or pink; the fathers and their sons were in suits, ties and polished shoes. The children stared at Jonathan, nudging one another and their parents. It suddenly occurred to him that unshaven, with polystyrene coffee mug, and after a long night of drinking, albeit on this occasion mostly tasteless, unbranded American beer, he might appear one such as the doors were normally closed against.
Nevertheless, he took a pew behind a pillar. The priest was old, with moustache and pointed beard. Beside him sat a woman, also in clerical dress; she rose to give the sermon, revealing, surprisingly, a rather posh English accent. After ten minutes discussing the story of the Gerasene demoniac, she concluded her address.
"I was so pleased to be chosen for this diocese of the ‘crazy Episcopalians’, as they say," she paused for effect, "because such an opportunity was not possible for me at home in England. For I am a woman, as you may have noticed," here she paused again for a quiet ripple of laughter, "and in my country it is not possible for a woman to be a priest. If a woman should wish to be a priest, there are those who would call her a priestess, or even a white witch. Thus driven out, here, on the other hand, I have been welcomed with open arms. Kind people have invited me to dine in their homes, to celebrate in their churches, and even partake of their swimming pools." There was more laughter. "Perhaps one day I will be able to return to the land of the Queen, and preside there in fullness of faith over the most beautiful celebration of the Lord’s Supper, but for now my husband and I are honored to minister to you, and I thank you again. In the name of God the Father, the Son, and the Holy Spirit, Amen."
The congregation mumbled, "Amen."
During the offertory hymn, Jonathan watched the plate approaching with apprehension. One dollar seemed not very much to leave, particularly with all these children watching. He retrieved a five dollar bill from the depths of the right front pocket of his chinos, which he had finally picked up from the Ralph Lauren section of Brooks Brothers.
The little girl next to him immediately grabbed her mother’s hand and said, "Look, he put in five dollars!" The mother indicated her to be quiet.
After the service, Jonathan nodded to the family next to him, and the father nodded to him in turn.
Jonathan considered whether to make himself known to the priestess. She was talking to the other white man in the congregation. It was the Assistant Dean.
"I just could not bring myself to process around the campus with the banner," he was saying.
"Oh, you’d be fine," she replied. "Actually, I hear you’re doing a Passion play up at the Auditorium."
"Are we?" said the Assistant Dean.
"A girl in my comparative religion class says she wants to be Mary Magdalene but can’t get onto the casting couch. And that you have ‘relics and stuff’."
"I think they’re having a murder mystery dinner, maybe that’s it. And the only relic there is me!"
"You’re not a relic," said the priestess, dusting something off his shoulder. "Who’s playing Jesus?
Jonathan was not sure whether to advance towards them with the polystyrene cup containing the dregs of coffee in hand. The girl beside him was sure to notice if he tried to hide it under the pew in front. So he stayed behind the pillar.
"Maybe I could be Jesus?" continued the priestess, as though this had just occurred to her. "We’d have to tone down the bit at the end, though."
"That would certainly be quite radical," said the Assistant Dean. "But we couldn’t do that, we have Jews, and Musulmen, I mean Muslims, and that Indian professor is Buddhist. Or maybe Muslim too. All sorts. Anyway," he added, warming to the theme, "why not have a black man playing Jesus? Or a gay, black man? Or even a gay, black woman?"
"Yes, I suppose that would work," said the priestess, losing interest.
 By now Jonathan had established that her theology was not entirely sound, and did not trust himself to make small talk without initiating an argument. So he decided to leave the building on his own, and finished the coffee and donut squatting on a foundation stone in the shade.
***
That evening Jonathan went down to pick up some peanuts from the store and watch TV. Sarah was behind the counter and arguing with Wendy about something, but when he walked in they stopped and smiled at him. He took the nuts and crossed to the lounge.
Little Jesus reclined on a sofa, watching a strange episode of Star Trek. It took place entirely on the Enterprise, and Captain Kirk was defending his ship against an invasive alien. Jonathan was surprised to see the Brazilian there, as he had been under the impression that Little Jesus just played chess and psychoanalyzed people. As the program finished, Jonathan ventured, "Well, that was a tightly plotted episode."
"Is cool, dude," said Little Jesus, rubbing his armpit. "You have Star Trek in En-ger-land?"
"Yes, I think so, though I didn’t watch it much. It generally sends me to sleep."
"That’s right, me too. Hey, I seen you playing cards. Do you play chess at all? There’re some great English chess players."
"Really? I can’t think of any. I don’t play much myself. It’s kind of slow. But it’s quite an old game. There’s that film about the Crusades, when they play chess with Death. Have you seen it? By Ingmar Bergman."
"You mean, like Ingrid?"
"Maybe," said Jonathan, who had never heard of an Ingrid Bergman.
"Who like, won, anyway, man?"
"Um, I think Death won."
"Really? Wow. Yeah, you’re right too."
"Now I think about it, he usually wins. In fact, his chance of winning is about one hundred percent."
"No, I mean there aren’t any English chess players. So what’s your major?"
"Philosophy. Especially Ancient and Medieval."
"That’s cool. I’ve never had a philosophy major."
Jonathan was lost for words.
"No," repeated Little Jesus. "I done anthropology, but never philosophy. I prefer the undergraduates, though."
"OK," said Jonathan, relieved. "I’ve never had a psychology major either."
"Good to watch the show! I’ll be seeing you," said Little Jesus. "We set up a board sometime, heh? And what happens to the loser? You know!" He got up and left the room, leaving behind a large, empty plastic bottle of Diet Pepsi with the top missing.
Jonathan looked round to raise the matter with Sarah, but by now the store was shut. Jonathan contemplated complaining to security, but what would he say? It would not surprise him if in Los Angeles it was perfectly legal to proposition innocent philosophy students. He went up to see who was at the desk. Since it was the friendly black lady guard with the Gucci watch, he thought he might as well mention it.
"So he assaulted you," she said.
"No, but he said, ‘I’ve never had a philosophy major.’"
"So, he didn’t do anything?"
"Not as such, no. Not yet."
"So what is your problem?"
"Do I have to spell it out? He made a homosexual proposition to me."
"That is not an issue for the university. Or, I believe, the State of California."
"What do you mean?"
"Well, did he like duct-tape your mouth and arms and stick a corkscrew up your ass until you were like hemorrhaging? Like that other guy?"
"Not that I can recall."
"Well, I’ll call the L.A.P.D. if you like, but I think you’ll have some explaining to do. Do you have a problem with gays?"
"I don’t have a problem with anyone."
"Maybe you’re a bit racist too, perhaps? Well, I suggest you reckon it to experience."
Jonathan retired to his room. As he passed the doors in the rather dark corridor, he felt aware of how vulnerable his rear was to a sudden attack.
***
After some argument, Odette had persuaded Jonathan to set up high tea in his room. She said that Wednesday would be good, as people would soon start to disappear, finishing their exams. He had begged some pastries from the cafeteria and bought some exotic foreign teas from a strange boutique in the 7th Street Marketplace, though swearing to Odette that neither he nor any true Englishman could be expected to drink them. He had also found some shortbread in the window of a Visit Scotland travel agency he had noticed behind the Japanese tie store in the facade of the Biltmore. The rest was from the Sunny Select range in the supermarket near campus. Jonathan had been concerned they had not bought enough cakes, yet, after spreading them around the room so every available surface was covered in confectionery, the number seemed to have increased miraculously. He had cut them up with his little white knife. Odette had invited Teresa and Wendy; Jonathan had invited Greg and Darjeeling.
Teresa had been doubtful about coming, it not being on her list of official events, but, reminded by Odette of the importance of supporting such spontaneous displays of school spirit, had found it hard to explain staying away. But she remained standing up by the door, the only spare seating being on the bed beside Greg.
"Welcome to our room," said Odette, on her best behavior. "Would you care for a cake? Do have as many as you like, we could almost feed the five thousand. And here is a nice cup of tea. Will Darjeeling be joining us later? Is he not some sort of tea connoisseur, so to speak?"
"I asked him," said Jonathan, turning to the telephone. He dialed, spoke to someone, and relayed the message. "He says he doesn’t do tea without whisky. But I know that’s not true. He’s just frightened of you."
"Put him on speakerphone," said Teresa.
"I don’t think I can do that," said Jonathan, peering at the handset.
"Yes, you can," said Greg, pressing one of the buttons. Teresa noticed that the phone strangely resembled the ones in their office. Indeed, the second chair looked familiar as well.
"They say you should come and taste the tea," said Jonathan into the receiver.
"Never! I never taste the tea!" said Darjeeling, from the small speaker. "What do you think I am, a tea taster? Is Wendy there?"
"Yes, you want to talk to her?"
"No, not at all. I have no wish to talk to her."
"He says he has no wish to talk to you," said Greg, to Wendy.
"I heard him," said Wendy. "I certainly have no wish to talk to him either."
"Is Teresa there?" said Darjeeling.
"Yes, I’m here," said Teresa.
"Sad I can’t have a nice pair of cup-cakes," said Darjeeling. "Especially with the little cherries on top."
"You wish," said Teresa.
They sat or stood in silence, sipping tea and munching away.
"I can’t get my computer to work," said Odette.
"A good topic," said Greg. "Hey DJ, you’re a scientist. Fix her computer."
"We don’t have computers in Persia," said Darjeeling.
"You’ve never been to Persia," said Greg.
"No," said Darjeeling. "They don’t have computers there."
There was another long pause. Finally Odette breathed out deeply.
"So, Teresa," she said. "Who are you fucking lately?"
"Odette!" said Teresa.
"Do you know what she means?" Greg asked Wendy. "I’m not sure how good your English is."
"I know what she means," said Wendy.
"You say it," said Odette.
"Who are you fucking lately," said Wendy.
"That’s good," said Odette.
"But should you not say, ‘Who have you been fucking lately?’" asked Wendy.
"No," said Odette. "Why? Hey Jonathan, teach her that word you told me."
"I don’t think so," said Jonathan.
"Go on. In England they say bloody, you know? It’s bloody this, bloody that. What the bloody hell is this?"
"What the bloody hell is this?" repeated Wendy.
"Is that from blood, like shooting?" said Teresa.
"Actually not," said Jonathan. "It’s sort of blasphemous, from ‘by our lady’, meaning the Virgin Mary."
 "Oh," said Teresa. "Well, I think I’d better be going."
"Talking of the Virgin Mary," said Darjeeling, on the speakerphone.
Teresa ignored him, putting her plate on the dresser beside the telephone. "Well, goodbye for now," she said. "Thanks for the cake."
"‘Goodbye’ actually means ‘God be with you,’" said Jonathan.
"Bloody goodbye," said Greg. Teresa smiled and left.
"I will be leaving too," said Wendy, putting down her cup beside Teresa’s.
"Don’t you want to learn some more words?" said Odette.
"Not at the moment," said Wendy. "Thank you." She walked out as well.
"So Greg," said Odette. "That was great. Only you left. You want to watch us fuck?"
"Well, maybe I’ll just leave you to it," said Greg, departing.
"I’ll just listen," said Darjeeling.
Odette switched him off, but left the curtains open.
***
Next evening, Greg drove them down to a restaurant a little west of downtown, a plain cement-block building in the middle of a parking lot. The neighboring stores were covered in a writing made of little circles joined by straight lines, like hooped spaghetti. In the lobby Sarah had picked up an Indian Professor, with thinning hair and wrinkles, but very polite, thinking that he might have an interesting story to tell. Incongruously, he wore a grey t-shirt with a print of the facade of the Auditorium, which she had sold him in the basement store, deeply discounted as the end of the semester approached.
"I am a Professor at the University of Kashmir," he informed them, stretching out for limp pieces of meat fizzing on a metal plate over tiny gas burners in the center of the table. "My expertise is the design of machinery that can distinguish between different colors of thread used in the manufacture of clothes and bed-linen. In India, there are many machines for the spinning of thread."
"Couldn’t you just keep track of what thread was coming from the previous machine?" asked Darjeeling.
"Hmm," he joked. "I hadn’t thought of that. It is lucky I met you!"
The waitresses busied around smiling, delicately moving small bowls from side to side. Darjeeling stretched out with his sticks and took the meat from Jonathan’s side of the serving plate. "It’s good to share," he explained.
"It is a beautiful place, Kashmir," continued the Professor. "There are the hills, and the lakes, the fish, and the little birds. It is always warm, perhaps too warm. I am having several servants. They are kind and obedient people. I have several children as well, but they live with my wife, so it is very calm and conducive to meditation."
"You don’t live with your wife?" asked Sarah. The Indian man paused, not accustomed to discuss such things. But after a moment’s reflection, he continued. For he was in a foreign country, and it did not seem to matter so much what he said, or what people thought of him.
"No, we are divorced. She is from a high family and I do not worry about her. My only dependent is my old mother, but she is really very old. I do not know how long she will be a dependent. I am sorry to say it like that. I came to Los Angeles, they invited me in fact. But when I arrived, the Professor who invited me was nowhere to be found. He has gone on sabbatical. No-one knows when he will be back. So I am taking some courses to update my skills. But they are sending me bills! It is strange. The Professor who invited me had said, ‘Dr. Divali, it would be an honor to have you!’ But I have the administration here charging me four hundred dollars a unit and they are charging me for the room at five hundred dollars a month. If I cannot get something arranged I will have to go back to Kashmir."
"My roommate is the same," said Sarah. "You know, Wendy, the Chinese girl? They promised her something, but haven’t paid it. Now she only eats noodles."
"Yes," said Dr. Divali, doubtfully, pondering how he could tactfully express that his situation was not precisely comparable to that of a twenty-one year old from Harbin. He was saved the trouble as a server took away the plates and left a bill.
"Let’s be off," said Darjeeling, leaping to his feet, and leaving a couple of twenty dollar bills in the tray. As they reached the door the waitresses ran towards them, no longer smiling. "Ten! Ten!" they demanded.
"Ten?" asked Jonathan. The others had already made it to the parking lot.
"Teep, teep," the waitresses said, blocking the exit.
"Teep?" he repeated again, puzzled. Greg came to rescue him. Handing the tipsters a dollar each, he was at last allowed to leave, though the door was slammed behind in a rather ungrateful way. 
"Are the Koreans like that in Kashmir?" asked Sarah.
"There aren’t any Koreans in Kashmir," said the Professor. 
"That’s strange," said Sarah. "It’s in Asia, isn’t it?"
"Korea is a part of Asia, at least in some respects," agreed Dr. Divali, as they made their way back to the convertible. The others nodded in understanding. The roof of the car was still jammed open, so they shivered on the way home.
Next day, Sarah proposed an op-ed piece, Is Korea in Asia? A View from Kashmir. But her editor vetoed it, saying hardly anyone knew the song any more.


***
Dear Elizabeth,

How are you? I am sorry I did not answer your letter last year, but I have been quite busy here. I am missing you a lot and have always been thinking of you. I do not know what you have been doing, I have been working mainly. Did your earache get better? The weather is nicer here as I said it would be, though a bit too cold in the mornings and rather hot in the afternoons.
I do not know what you are doing but I am wondering if we will see each other again as I think I will come home in the summer now. It would be good to see you. I do not know if you are still thinking about me but I am thinking about you a lot. We could go to nice concerts and things. I went to a tax accounting seminar, it was quite interesting. Maybe you were right and I should have stayed at home and applied for an accounting job. We could have got that little house in St Albans. Are you still going to the Church? Well I do not suppose you are waiting there for me but if you are there perhaps you could write or call. I have put my number at the top of the letter. I cannot make international calls from my phone. Hopefully they will forward this if you are not in Cambridge.

Love and best wishes,

Jon
***
Wendy sat in her room, revising her engineering textbook. She answered her door to see Little Jesus and Darjeeling in the corridor.
"Can we, like, come in?" Little Jesus muttered, grinning, while grabbing her shoulder and pushing past her into the room. They sat on Sarah’s bed.
"Hello," said Wendy. The door shut behind them.
"I got a call from the center, like the Medical Centre, like, you need a psychiatrist?" said Little Jesus, rubbing his nose and flicking back his hair.
"I don’t understand," said Wendy.
"I work on the psych program. I do the psych group that expresses stuff through drama. We call them, ‘drama expression groups’. They say your head is messed up. You gotta talk to me. I give you a half hour. So talk."
"Who said that?" asked Wendy.
"Teresa told them you need your head examined," added Darjeeling.
"And that you need friends," said Little Jesus.
"Teresa said that?" asked Wendy, beginning to cry.
"We’ve come to be your friends. We’ve brought some cards. Do you want to play strip poker?"
"I don’t understand," said Wendy.
Darjeeling put some cards on the bed. "You take off your clothes when you get a bad hand. We’ll watch."
"I think you should leave," said Wendy.
"No, no, no!" said Little Jesus. "We gotta talk about your feelings and stuff. Are you like, a virgin? It’s OK to talk to me. We talk about that all the time, in psychiatry, you know."
Wendy approached the door, but Darjeeling rose to block her. He also grabbed her by the shoulder, giggling.
"You have to unwind a bit, Wendy, you’re too uptight."
"You oughta loosen up, Wendy," agreed Little Jesus. "We help you. You gotta participate more."
"It is OK," said Wendy.
"Let me show you how to play," said Darjeeling. "I will deal you five cards, right? Do you know the order of the hands? Don’t worry about not having any money, we have a complex series of credits, forfeits and, for the heaviest gamers, penalties..." 
"I think I should go now," said Wendy. But there was a fumbling at the lock and Sarah entered, looking at them in surprise.
"What’s this? Party time?" 
"We can party if you like," said Darjeeling. 
"What’s up, Wendy?" said Sarah. Wendy pressed herself away from them against the window, pale and shaking. 
"Hey, I think you guys had better leave," said Sarah. Little Jesus beckoned Darjeeling away and they drifted towards the door. "Adios," he said, bowing exaggeratedly. "’Till next game!" He took the cards with him. 
"I thought they were going to attack me," said Wendy, explaining what had happened.
"Forfeits and penalties?" said Sarah, fascinated. "Look, pull yourself together, don’t act so nervous and they’ll leave you alone."
Sarah imparted the wisdom of Manhattan Beach High, and then as a special treat walked Wendy down to Taco Bell for a snack. 
***
"I thought I told you to turn off that music?" said Teresa, from the inside office. "What’s wrong with you lately? And this coffee is cold."
"Stick it in the microwave then," said Greg, from the photocopier.
"And this table shouldn’t be double sided," said Teresa. "I can’t read the admissions numbers if I have to keep flipping it over."
"I’m saving paper," said Greg. "We are reducing variable costs to pay for the new fixed costs, namely, the new copier. Isn’t that what you said? You’re not going to make the Management Today centerfold at this rate, you know."
"I don’t know what you mean by that," said Teresa, growing red. Whether an insult to her personal or professional qualities, she did not like it. "I’m beginning to think you’re a bit beyond this job," she continued, entering the outer office. "Maybe it’s best if you find another one."
"What do you suggest?"
"That’s not up to me. Do what you want to do."
"OK then. What about the money you just spent training me to use this machine? But see if I care. I’ll go and check what they have next semester."
"No, Greg, you don’t understand." Teresa clenched her fists. "I’m firing you. I don’t want you whining and looking miserable the entire time. I want someone who’s happy to work as an office assistant."
"What, like Wendy, you mean?"
"Maybe, I don’t know. I’ll choose someone. After a proper selection process."
"A selection of who can use a photocopier? Well how am I going to pay to finish my degree?"
"Like I already said, it’s not my problem. Go see the financial aid office."
"Well, I’m not going."
"What do you mean, you’re not going?"
"I’m staying here to photocopy this."
"I’ll call security."
"No you won’t. I live here. I can come in whenever I want."
"I’ll stop your salary."
"That’ll take months."
They stared at one another. 
"Please Greg," said Teresa. "Look, I just fired you. Won’t you just go?"
"No, I don’t think so," he said. He suddenly felt a bit sorry for her. "Oh, go to hell then," he added, rather weakly. He walked out and slammed the door.
"Damn," thought Teresa as he left. She had got too emotional. She had been hoping to string him along for a few more weeks before Wendy was set up for student aid. Now she faced either doing her own copying or a month of Greg being very difficult.
She put her mug in the microwave and went back to her desk. She started flipping through her organizer, wondering if this meant she had to rearrange something. It was always best to end a relationship when it could be done cleanly. This was a maxim in one of her management books. In fact, it might be an interesting topic to raise on her MA questionnaires.
***
It was almost the last class. A mist lay over the campus. Jonathan had taken an early tram, and went for coffee in the central commons. Although only half past seven, they were already out of muffins. The preacher he had met in Pershing Square was seated at a table in the corner, slowly sipping soup with his son, looking around nervously. Their tray was loaded with their Bibles and as many of the free rolls of bread as they had dared to take. The preacher recognized Jonathan, and waved him to join them.
"It’s great to see you again," said Jonathan. "But I’ve got to go and teach a class."
"The Lord works in mysterious ways, my friend," said the preacher. "We’ll be speaking out later, when more people are around."
"Good luck," said Jonathan.
He headed towards the faculty building. Someone, probably several people, had sprayed many large dollar signs on the whitewash under the arches leading to the teaching rooms. Two security guards were staring in concern and talking into their radios.
The mood in the class was foul. Sarah hadn’t turned up, which left him disappointed, but a little worried.
First he tried to hold a discussion about the origin of medieval taxation, outlining events at Ruby Ridge as an example of the interference of central government in civil affairs. The students were not very co-operative, and seemed particularly happy with the idea of shooting tax collectors.
"I don’t know how you gave this paper a C," a football player at the front interrupted suddenly.
"And what’s with this E? I didn’t know you could even get an E. And why have you corrected all this spelling? Is this a spelling class? Are you laughing at me?"
"Perhaps we could talk about your papers at the end of the class?" Jonathan suggested. He had learned to leave any talk of grades or scheduling to the end, as it was difficult to avoid some sort of argument and hard to elicit any meaningful discussion afterwards.
"What’s the point of me staying here if you’re just gonna fail me?" said the football player. He got up and walked out, turning his head to continue staring directly at Jonathan while moving to the door. After a pause the student next to him did the same, muttering "waste of time," though with his head down. He slammed the door behind him.
The half-dozen students remaining after the term’s attrition sat impassively, bored rather than shocked.
"Could you just tell us what will be on the final exam?" asked one.
"Well, perhaps first we could say a little more about the origin of kingship and central government?" said Jonathan. "It’s quite an interesting topic, and really relevant, don’t you think?"
No-one spoke.
"I can go through what might be in the exam if you like," said Jonathan.
A few students picked up their pens and readied their notebooks. The others just continued watching him, as though his every word was transmitted directly via eye-borne camera to an internal floppy drive, to be regurgitated as necessary. 
"The first question will probably be what city in Rome the Romans came from," said Jonathan.
No-one laughed.
"OK. And then maybe something on the philosophers who influenced Boethius."
"Hang on," said the spotty student who sat at the back. "What city was that?"
Jonathan paused. "I think that was Rome," he said, exactly as he had replied earlier in the course. The students looked at one another, tightening their lips.
"When are we going to do your performance evaluations?" the spotty boy asked.
"I think that’s next week," said Jonathan.
"You don’t got ten-year, do you?"
"Tenure," corrected Jonathan. "And no, you know I’m not a professor at all. I’m a student, just like you. I lead our discussions and do a bit of grading."
"OK, I’ll be sure to turn up to that one. I’ll bring some friends," said the boy, rubbing his nose and grinning at his neighbor.
Jonathan felt his pulse racing and a pain in the left of his chest. His stomach was upset and rumbling. He ran through a few more questions, then finished the class early. The students left in silence.
He headed to a lavatory, following signs some distance along a long, underground passageway. Entering, he turned to the cubicles, and was surprised to find himself staring straight into the eyes of a shirtless, long-haired, blue-eyed young man, sitting on the convenience. His shorts were resting artfully on the buckles of his sandals, which suspended them above the damp floor. The doors of the cubicles had all been removed, for reasons Jonathan could not recall having been mentioned in the Confessions of Saint Augustine.
"Hi," said the blonde boy.
"Hello," said Jonathan. He turned away from the cubicles, towards the urinals, though doubting whether this would offer his bowels much relief. He could feel his rear twitching involuntarily as the youth’s eyes examined it. Jonathan moved across to wash his hands.
"Hey man, could you hand me some paper? There’s none here."
Jonathan looked in the next cubicle. He rolled off a handful and handed it over. "In ancient Rome, the toilets didn’t have doors, or cubicles even," he could not help adding.
"Really? That sucks. Thanks, dude."
Jonathan exited the room hastily, running up the steps, out and almost into the ladder of a workman, painting over the graffiti on the arches. The preacher and his son were standing under the statue in the center of campus. The security guards were advancing towards them, as the boy gesticulated a mite too graphically about the mindless masturbations, and the father waved his Bible at the passers-by, all of whom, despite the mist and the chill, still wore their sunglasses and neatly logo’d t-shirts. 
Jonathan paused, and then, as though seized by a fell spirit, ran up to the man. 
"I have seen the Lord," he said.
The preacher lowered his Bible. "You have seen the Lord?" he asked, in wonder.
"I have seen the Lord," repeated Jonathan. "The Lord is come to Los Angeles. And he is come not on a cloud, like a thief in the night. Nor is he piloting through the skies, on the cross of St John. I have seen the Lord in the basement. And the Lord is come to us on a toilet."
The preacher stared, frozen, and open mouthed.
"And moreover," continued Jonathan, "the Lord is come on a toilet in a cubicle without a door."
The preacher and his son raised their bibles high, and bellowed in a strange harmony, "BLASPHEMER!"
The security guards finally decided to intervene.
"I think you and the boy had better leave the campus, sir. You are disturbing the students."
Jonathan left them waving Bibles and walkie-talkies at one another. He turned and made his way back to the Auditorium, noting the signs to the Dausingkoch School of Lifelong Leadership had also been defaced, though with a different symbol, indecent yet strangely appropriate.
In bed, for a long while he could not get to sleep. Then he dreamed he was a stag scrambling across a dry-stone wall, in the highlands of Scotland, while aroused and defecating students dressed only in Oakleys and deerstalkers hunted him down with whips and nails.
When he woke, he found a pink post-it note stuck on the front of his door. On it was scribbled in silver: "Lately, you haven’t been yourself! Do you want to talk? -Veronica", followed by a sketch of a smiley face.
He went round the corner to her room. The noticeboard opposite the elevators was completely blank. A similar pink post-it had been added, saying "This was not me that did this. I may lose my job, but I keep my self-respect! -V".
It was all very puzzling. Jonathan stood outside Veronica’s door, and contemplated knocking. But what would he say? He was bothered by the students, the incessant drinking, the abuse he got from that crazy woman, and, truth be told, was not too keen on the weather and the earthquakes. But mainly he was worried about whether the Auditorium really existed at all. Cambridge, Los Angeles; stealing a pear, starting a holocaust. It was all the same. Maybe only God existed. And Saint Augustine, perhaps? 
But what would Veronica tell him? To get a life, and, furthermore, do so already?
He decided to go down to dinner instead, but when he arrived he found it had finished and the restaurant was deserted.
***
Teresa looked up to see Sarah, wearing a green visor and carrying a reporter’s notebook, standing above her desk.
"Hi Teresa. I’m Sarah of Manhattan Beach. I’m a resident here."
"I know," said Teresa. "I’m your RA. I put you in Wendy’s room, to cheer her up a bit. How’s it going?"
"I’m also a reporter. From the Daily Student. I’m undercover. I want to talk to you."
Teresa froze. Then she continued as calmly as she could. "That’s great. I didn’t know you were undercover. Did you write that thing about the fire? Are you a junior?"
"I’m a freshman. I’d like to talk about a story I’m writing. It’s a feature, about the dorm. And I have completed my investigations." She chewed on her pencil, flicking open the notebook. "Could I run it past you, for comments?"
"Please do," said Teresa.
"The story," said Sarah, gesturing expansively with her pencil, "is that the university’s flagship project is dominated by a gang of anti-Jewish, anti-Semitic, anti-German neo-Nazis, who hold rallies, watch Nazi films, spray swastikas and set fires everywhere. They are dedicated to reckless gambling on cards and chess, and maybe pool, and whenever anyone loses, they must pay a forfeit in sexual abuse and humiliation. One even quit the college after going to hospital, following an unfortunate incident with a corkscrew."
Teresa stared at her, barely moving. There was a long pause.
"OK," said Teresa. "So you’re going to print that?"
"Yep. The headline will be Sadomasochistic Gay Nazi Sex Perverts Rule Auditorium, or something."
"Sarah," said Teresa, venturing a smile. "Would you like to be an RA next year?"
"I told you, I’m a freshman."
"But next year you’ll be a sophomore."
"That, Teresa, is true," said Sarah. "But your proposition would compromise my journalistic integrity. And when it comes down to it, Teresa, all we reporters have is our integrity."
"Look, they’re just playing around, Sarah. Every dorm is like that. I’ve seen more of them than you. No-one will care what you write." Teresa tried to give a carefree laugh, but it came out a little strangled.
"Hospital is pretty hard playing. Like, Teresa, can I be honest? Every guy I have met in this building is psycho."
"Guys always have issues. When you’ve met a few more, you’ll know, right? What about that English guy? You’re friends with him."
"He’s crazy. He won’t sleep with me."
"So, you want to take it out on all of us?"
"Teresa, you are losing the point. I am not here to negotiate with you, I am informing you with good journalistic practice, and asking if you have any remarks you would like me to include in my piece."
"This is in like the newspaper that defends the right of students to take apples out of the dining hall?"
"That too."
"I don’t think you understand, Sarah."
"Well, it’s over to you. I will give you a few hours..."
"I hear you’ve been selling drugs." 
"What? Who says that?"
"To your roommate, for example."
"That’s not true! She never has any money."
"I can get you thrown out of school for that."
"No you can’t!"
"Yes I can, it’s very easy," lied Teresa. "And the police will book you too, and you can tell your parents you left college early with a nice criminal record. Perhaps you could give them a framed copy of the judgment. They’d like that, I’m sure. As will the LA Times when you apply for a job."
Sarah started to chew her pencil. "You’re joking, right? You’re threatening me. I’ll put in the story that you threatened me."
"Sarah," said Teresa, "You really don’t understand. I exactly am threatening you. Write it in the paper and you can tell it to the judge. Look, it’s OK to be a student. But if you’re going to mess things up for us, there’re going to be consequences. And those guys, they’re just a bit bored and messing around. Nothing is going to happen. I’m sure you’ll be a great journalist one day, but there’s no story here. Why don’t you write something about this trial that’s just finishing? Like a real reporter. Do a student angle."
"No-one cares what happens out there," said Sarah, tentatively.
"I’m not telling you what to write," said Teresa. "It’s all entirely up to you." She held Sarah’s gaze, knowing that whoever spoke or looked away first would lose.
Sarah raised her eyes to the ceiling. 
"Maybe I’ll investigate a bit more first," she said, finally. "But I’ve got to write something for next week."
"You do that. And here, read Newsweek. It’s covering Los Angeles."
Sarah took the magazine, muttered something, and left, removing the visor from her forehead.
Teresa sat motionless for a while, though her heart was still racing. She thought she had done quite well. She had stayed in control. Sarah couldn’t be much over eighteen. Everything would be fine.
***
Next Wednesday, after a long weekend preparing exam papers, Jonathan ended up taking the last tram from campus, though he didn’t know it at the time. His mind had never fully engaged with the mysteries of the faculty administration, since their office generally worked in the daylight hours. So he had struggled in during the afternoon, the adviser not being there in the morning. He established that not only did he have to set and grade the students’ papers and exams, as he had expected, but actually had to sit a final exam himself, and furthermore produce a term paper. He had not expected to have to break his dissertation up into term papers, but supposed he could think of something. He went to the library to pick up a few books, but as usual couldn’t find them.
"Do you have this Dictionary of Byzantium?" he asked.
"If it’s not on the shelves, it’s stolen, or gotten lost."
 "I really don’t think you can have lost it, it’s three large volumes, and no-one else will have looked at it or thought of stealing it."
"Why, have you thought of stealing it?"
"Only to stop you losing it. If you could find it in the first place."
Giving up, he waited at the stop outside the campus for a while, but the tram didn’t come. The security guard in the booth opposite waved him over.
"It’s been cancelled," she said. "There’s some trouble on the buses."
"What about the security escort service?"
"That’s for girls," she said. "And it’s not even dark."
Jonathan didn’t much fancy walking all the way. He thought of calling Odette, but remembered her car was still making its way through the motorized equivalent of purgatory. In any case he had been suffering rather a lot from her lately. He headed to the phone, checking he was carrying quarters.
"Hey Greg," he said. "You know you said I could always rely on you if my car broke down in the desert?"
"You don’t have a car," slurred Greg.
"Are you drunk already?" said Jonathan.
"We’ve been doing a few shots. I got fired, remember?"
"Oh, never mind," said Jonathan, hanging up.
"There you are, the last one!" shouted the guard.
The blue tram was whizzing round the corner at the end of the road, sinking onto its right hand suspension. He sprinted across the causeways, which were strangely denuded of traffic. Four police motorcycles with their sirens blaring headed past, ignoring him for once. The tram screeched to a halt as he flagged it down. Dave didn’t look at all happy at having to stop. The 24-hour news station was on very loudly.
"This is the last tram today," he said. "We’re locking them in the depot. Some kids are having fun around Crenshaw."
"We’re nowhere near Crenshaw," said Jonathan. He knew where Crenshaw was since Odette had taken him on a tour round there on the way to her parents’ house.
"Well, they told me to lock up, so you’re lucky to get me."
They zoomed down to the Auditorium. As Jonathan stepped down from the bus, Hermann suddenly jumped up from his perch on the wall of the parking lot, and shoved him forcefully in the chest.
"You walked me all the way to the El Pollo, and now you leave me here to get my ass burnt up?"
"What?" said Jonathan, a little shocked and regaining his balance. Hermann stood back, looking round, as though surprised at what he had done. Dave shut the door of the van and drove off quickly. Jonathan started to dash across the road back to the Auditorium.
"Wha’m I gonna do?" said Hermann, following.
"What’re you talking about?" said Jonathan. He ran into the foyer, shutting the door behind him. Hermann stood outside, not quite daring to enter. The security guard stood up behind the counter, eyeing the two of them.
"Look," said Jonathan, gesturing at Hermann. "That guy keeps hassling me. Make sure you don’t let him in here, right?"
"Uh-huh," said the guard, doubtfully, and not accustomed to taking instructions from a student. Hermann shouted something about the "Judas guards" and then walked back across the road. He accosted The Owner, who still sat passively against the chain-fence, and kicked his shopping cart, wobbling the bags. Then he went into Jimmy’s bar.
"What with the noise?" asked Mr. Silveira, emerging from his safe.
"Just check who you let in here, OK?" said Jonathan, calming down.
"Too many doors," said Mr. Silveira, jiggling his keys. "Too many function rooms. Too many fire exits."
"Do you think I should call the police?" said Jonathan. "He hit me."
"Miss Teresa not like that," said Mr. Silveira. "Go have a lie down before dinner."
Jonathan hadn’t been to bed since the previous afternoon, so decided to follow this advice. But he nipped down to check his mailbox, popping into the convenience store in the basement. Sarah stood up behind the counter as he entered.
"I just got attacked by a homeless person," said Jonathan.
"Are you alright?" she asked. "Everyone’s being attacked."
"Really?"
"Are you sure you’re alright?" 
"Yes, I’m OK," he said, "it was just a shove. From the guy with the cigarette holder."
"Jonathan, you’ve got to be careful." She indicated a portable radio. "Everything’s burning down outside. I’ve got problems too, but I’ve decided to forget them. Don’t you want to kiss me? Like, in time of war?"
"I’m sorry?" Jonathan stepped back. She stared right at him, grinning. Slipping out from behind the counter, she grabbed his hand.
"Come on! The course is almost over. Don’t you want to kiss me?" she repeated.
Jonathan recalled again that he wasn’t supposed to date his students, as they had said at the faculty’s seminar "Introduction to being a Teaching Assistant". Indeed, he had mentioned this to Sarah before. On the other hand, she hadn’t turned up to class the last few weeks anyway. And it was an easy boundary to cross. 
"Oh, OK," he said.
She led him into the stock cupboard at the back of the store, away from the security camera, shut her eyes, reached up and kissed him. She put her hand behind his head and pulled his mouth closer into hers, so their teeth cracked together. He moved his groin away to avoid further embarrassment, knocking over a box of pornographic magazines, which spilled on the floor. Then she let him go, panting slightly.
"What did you think? Cool, huh?" she asked. Her face was slightly greasy, as she neared the end of her shift. But her overall seemed to have become unbuttoned. Beneath she wore a low cut blouse with flowers, displaying nicely the tops of the milky breasts he had first noticed in their Renaissance incarnation. 
"Of course," he said, not entirely sure what to do next. "Would you like to come up for some tea?"
"What do you mean, come up? You want me to come to your room? I can’t come to your room now, Jonathan. I’m working. And what sort of girl do you think I am, to come to a man’s room?"
"I just meant we could have a chat and a cup of tea in my room, if you like," he repeated, puzzled.
"Don’t you even want to ask me to dinner first? Go away! I don’t want to see you again! I hate you!" She pushed him out of the store cupboard and slammed the door.
He stared at the shut cupboard door, wiping his mouth with the back of his hand. He heard a choked weeping or laughing from inside. Should he knock and apologize? But how, and for what? Sarah was a drama major, or was it minor; was she really upset, or acting? It was difficult to know what was going on. This seemed a general problem with women, actually. He looked round to the video camera. The feed was to the security desk above, to the security center on campus, and who knew where else. They were not notoriously busy. He imagined the scene already being added to the highlights tape for the late night shift.
Well, she had asked him to go away, so that was probably the best option. He went upstairs to try to get some sleep.
***
Teresa was working later than usual. She fiddled with her rosters, but could not concentrate. She was still worried about Sarah, and hadn’t been able to do anything all weekend. She hadn’t wanted to go to a mall on her own. She had wondered whether to read something, maybe a classic novel, and had even visited the bookshop on campus. But, between the university’s monogrammed fridge magnets and the crocodile-skin organizer covers, the sight of all the books she had not read and would never read had made her feel quite upset. Finally she had rung a girl from high school, now married with a child and living in Alabama, who had been more than a little surprised at the call. So she tried to finish her paper, though not many students had answered the questionnaire.
She decided to take the surveys up to her room. Shutting the window to leave, she noticed a smell of smoke, and heard some patrol cars with sirens. It was getting dark, and there seemed to be a fire in a warehouse down south. She heard a knock at the door.
"Hey, it’s me, Odette. I’m bored. Why did you lock your door? Don’t we have an open door policy? Are you getting scared living here?"
"No, it’s OK," said Teresa, walking over and unlatching it. "It’s just, well, you know last week a homeless person got into the building. She was just lying there, sleeping on the sofa in one of the lounges."
"What happened to her?"
"Still homeless, I guess."
"And there was the guy they took up the ass with the corkscrew," added Odette, shutting the door behind her.
"Really? I didn’t hear it was that."
"Sure. But no-one’s going to harm two strong women though, right?"
"I guess not," said Teresa. Odette scanned the desk by the coffee machine for pastries.
"Odette, have you read Two Years before the Mast?" asked Teresa, suddenly.
"Before the Mast? No, but sounds gay though. What do you mean by that, huh? Give us a hug, Teresa."
Teresa leaned over and gave her a hug. "I was just thinking about some stuff. And I’m finishing up some work, Odette," she added, diplomatically.
"You want to come for chocolates? I bet you can help me with my AOL? I got AOL problems, Teresa, you wouldn’t believe. I got me a man, but he’s such a fag he couldn’t get blown in a fag bar."
"Who’s that?"
"You know, Jonathan."
"Oh, he seems nice enough. I didn’t know he was gay. Sarah did say he wouldn’t go out with her, though."
"Right. I don’t think he knows yet, either. We got to break him in a little."
"Well, like I said, I’ve got to finish off these rosters."
"What’s this with you and Greg? I just seen him moaning about you. He’s drunk again. Did you sleep with him yet?"
"Odette! We just work together!" said Teresa, laughing.
"I mean, like, did you fuck him?"
"No!" Teresa moved into the rear of the office, putting the desk between them. "Are you drunk too?"
"C’mon. I don’t drink. Are you frightened of me? Where’re you going? Look Teresa, you’re so young. You’re so tender. I just want to sit on your face. What’s the problem with you?"
"I’m sorry? There’s no problem with me. Odette, really, I’m not interested. OK?"
"So I seen you looking at me? Are you leading me? You don’t got a boyfriend, I never seen you with no-one. I’m like, what’s the fuck with you?" Odette’s diction was slipping.
"Odette," said Teresa, as loudly and deeply as she could, "I don’t have a boyfriend, but I’m not interested, right? I’m doing my work." She stamped her foot decisively. "Go chat to Wendy."
"Well fuck you, I’m not fucking that uptight titless yellow bitch, you racist fucking sorority bitch!"
"Look, I didn’t mean it like that."
"You lying piece of shit."
"I’m not lying, what do you mean? I never said anything to you."
"You said you’d give me an RA job if I fucked you."
"I what? The hell I did!"
"Motherfucker!" Odette looked about for something to break. She saw Teresa’s Dayrunner on the desk in front of her, picked it up, ripped a handful of pages from the spiral binding and threw it in her face.
"Eat that then," she said, turning and walking out.
Teresa sat back behind the desk, picking up the phone, breathing deeply. She could call the security guards. But she would look stupid. What could she say? Calm down. Should she stay here? She didn’t fancy making it back to her room on her own. Maybe she could call a friend. But which friend? Now she thought about it, she was not sure she had any friends. Not since she had left college. Though she was still at college.
 She opened the binding rings on her Dayrunner, picked some of the pages off the floor, and tried to put them back in place. Her hands were shaking. She shook her head. She really had to get herself a condo.
***
"Is this your first experience of urban unrest?"
A few dozen students were in the restaurant. The food had finished. It had been unusually sparse. The TV was blaring from the lounge, repeatedly playing footage of a truck driver being clubbed with a brick, and whitewashed concrete mini-malls on fire. The newscasters were explaining that some of the locals were not happy because a jury had found the policemen who had been accused of beating the black motorist, Rodney King, "Not Guilty".
"Who’s the best shot here?"
"Me probably," piped up June.
"You?"
"Yeah, I shoot with my granddad back in Wyoming. We get deer, stuff. You don’t really have a rifle do you?" she asked Cassius.
"Dudette, I’m an officer cadet," said Cassius. "Or shortly will be. And he was in the marines."
"Eight years, and never a shot in anger," added Greg, nodding exaggeratedly.
There was a scampering in the ceiling.
"The rats are on the move tonight."
"Do you think they can smell the burning?"
"It’s just disgusting they won’t clean up those rubbish chutes. I saw a ginormous spider there yesterday."
"Tell me anyway, how much do you earn?"
"I just have my Assistant job, about $8,000 a year."
"What about you?"
"My job is about $6,000, plus tuition."
"That’s not that much, is it?"
"It’s enough for me, I guess. I can afford an occasional martini instead of Bud."
"But why is it that we are here, without any money, playing piano, gaming happily away, one might say, and those other people a few blocks down are out there rioting. Do they have less money than us? Why don’t they just sit around and play cards, like we do?"
"Maybe they can’t afford to play cards."
"Everyone can afford to play, with nickels and dimes. Let them play Scrabble! I suppose there’s some ethnic version."
"I was shocked to see you even had black people on campus," said Wendy, suddenly, as though the scenes on television gave her an excuse finally to speak out. They turned and stared at her. "Though not in the engineering school," she added, hastily.
"Not in pre-med either," said Darjeeling, nodding. "But I did hear of a med student who published an entire paper in some black dialect. I guess you could play Scrabble with those words. Anyway, there wasn’t any meat for dinner. I could kill for a pizza."
"But don’t you think that’s strange? You don’t even have to be able to spell to play Risk."
"It is not like the heating bills are very high."
"I guess they have children, that adds a lot of cost."
"Yes, children cause a lot of problems."
"Well, I don’t really think they can be rioting because their children are hungry. And what would they do without children?"
"I really can’t believe you’re taking seriously that they’re not more deprived than us."
There were a few moments of silence around the table.
"They could watch TV, or play tennis, for example."
"What about holidays? They can’t even go on holiday. I was a Teaching Assistant, at a school in Ladera. Fingerprints and all. Always hitting one another. We took them on trip to Hollywood, and they were like, are we still in California? They had never left before."
"I saw loads of black people in Las Vegas, in big trucks with shiny wheels, or people carriers."
"Like a KFC on wheels, I bet."
"Actually, I know lots of African-Americans who do not eat fried chicken."
"Except KFC, you mean."
"I preferred it when it was still Kentucky Fried Chicken."
"There’s a KFC store on Broadway, very narrow and dirty. It has a security guard, very thin to fit in the store, like he has AIDS, with his trousers falling down. I go there every Sunday lunchtime. I don’t see too many Koreans there."
"There’s a bike shop in the street next to here, lots of Koreans there."
"I’ve never seen a Korean round here on a bike. In fact, I’ve never seen anyone round here on a bike."
"There’s that surfer guy who races the tram to school on his one-speed."
"That’s Casey. He and Veronica surf the trams. I think he’s got a death wish myself. He’s gone down to the junction at Crenshaw to see the action. Half a dozen of them went with cameras in his van."
"No, I’m talking motorbikes. Racing ones, Honda I think, very fast I guess. I walked in there, with its oily floor and sat on a few and they ignored me. I said, that’s a DYKE bike. They still ignored me. They didn’t speak no English."
"The German guy with Ducati used to go there. He’s cleared out to the Salt Flats."
"Clearly it’s not them that’re rioting then."
The conversation continued in its usual, desultory student fashion, until Peisan came running over to the table.
"The TV’s gone down."
"What do you mean, it’s gone down? On who?"
"It buzzed and went black."
A couple of youths staggered out of the TV lounge, bleary-eyed and a little lost.
"Does anyone have cable in their room?"
Someone came down from the elevator. "It’s down in my room, what’s it like here?"
"I bet they switched it off?"
"Who switched it off? Did the cable burn out?"
"The university switched it off."
"I think we can pick up the TV from my room."
"No, the regular reception is just blurred."
"It’s OK, I’ve got a signal enhancer."
"You have a TV signal booster in your room?"
"Yes." Peisan went off with some others to check the signal.
"It doesn’t surprise me he has a signal booster in his room," mused Greg.
"What, I heard that! Did you just call Peisan a nerd?"
"No, I’m just saying I don’t having a signal thing in my room, and I don’t think you have one in yours."
"We don’t have TVs in our rooms."
"What are we going to do if we can’t watch the riots?"
"We could watch from the roof?"
"Let’s play cards, guys."
"We can’t play cards, there’s a riot outside."
"It’s not outside, it’s south and west and perhaps a bit east. We are in the innocent center, like in a Twinkie. The eye of the thunderstorm."
Greg was tapping his fingers on the table, losing interest in the discussion. He did not play cards.
"Who are you calling a Twinkie? It’s not a riot. It’s just the Bs throwing their toys from the pram. Heh, heh, heh." He stood up decisively. "I’m going to play piano. What is good to play in a riot? I think... Wagner."
"Like when Charley didn’t surf?"
"No, I will do... Götterdämmerung. The bit where everything burns down."
"Doesn’t that rather overstate the case? Do Tommy, about hearing the music."
Greg pondered. "Yes, they don’t deserve Wagner. I’ll do Tommy."
He strode to the upright on the stage, and began the final number from Tommy, very loudly, though confusing some of the more complex chord modulations. He stopped and restarted more quietly, cocking his head and carefully picking his way.
Kurt ran into the dining area.
"Everyone OK down here?"
"I can definitely smell smoke, Kurt."
"No, it’s a long way away. We’ll organize a pool tournament, I think."
"No, let’s have a party. We can move the talent show as well. We are good at parties, remember."
"Did you switch off the TV?"
"Not me, maybe the cable melted somewhere down south, I don’t know. Can you all make it to a party this evening? Or tomorrow?"
"Well, I don’t think we’re going anywhere... we don’t have cars."
"I’ve got a car, but I’m not driving back to Detroit to get it."
"It’s safer, just stay here, play cards, play pool, we’ve got a keg of beer for the party, in the theater. Stay off the roof. The security guards all turned up for work, though they aren’t wearing uniforms. See you over there later. OK!"
"Are they going to cancel finals?"
"I have no idea. If I were you, I’d just do the reading anyway."
Kurt strode back up to knock on the doors around the building.
"If you ask me, that guy is enjoying his job too much."
"Heil!" exclaimed Greg. "Got it!" He started playing the correct chords at full volume.
"Do we still have to call in a bomb threat to cancel finals?" 
"I guess not. But better ask what Max was planning for this semester. So, are you going to deal those?"
Pasty faces staggered back to the gaming stations in the computer room, the cards were spread on the linen, and normal life resumed.
***
At ten the next morning, Sarah was in her room trying to track down the team in the newspaper office on campus. Her transistor radio was tuned to a 24 hour news station; the blare of sirens and a smell of burning drifted in through the window. She had expected the riot to have calmed down overnight. But buildings were still on fire, and there seemed new outbreaks of looting. Finally someone answered the phone. There wouldn’t be a paper out today. Apparently the print room on campus was locked up; the staff hadn’t turned up. 
"But this precisely when we must have a paper," shouted Sarah. "We have a real story. Like, a riot by campus is a once-in-a-decade student story." After all, she could run the gay neo-Nazis anytime. 
The student editor’s mom was coming from Pasadena to pick him up. Sarah got him to explain what was happening on campus, scribbling in her notebook. He did not think the other print shops were open, but had no intention of crossing the road to find out. 
"Could we turn off the radio for a while?" asked Wendy, solving some quadratic equations. Sarah ignored her, and rang round her friends in the dorms. Many of the local students were going home. Some of the RAs had left too. Breakfast had been served as normal. Classes were pretty much over anyway, they were supposed to be preparing for finals. There were fires across the park to the south, and great plumes of smoke rising to the east. Some of the guys had gone to the open-air mall across the road to the north, watching as a few shops were looted. Apparently it was done "in quite a cool way". But there was no damage to the university, at least not yet. 
Sarah grabbed Wendy, and taking her notebook went downstairs to the computer room. She bumped people off two Macs. She started typing and formatting the pages on one of the machines.
"Write something about the riots," she instructed Wendy, pointing to the other machine. 
"What?" said Wendy.
"Try, ‘reflections on the riots by an international student’. Compare them to the riots in China."
"We don’t have riots in China," said Wendy. Then she thought a little more. "Well, we did have some students rioting in a big square once. But they stopped."
"Excellent," said Sarah. "Write a comparison. I’ll correct your English."
 After about two hours they had about eight letter-sized pages of material. Sarah reckoned no-one would mind if for once it went out without a sports section. She pressed "print", and the dot-matrix whirled into life, the riot having for once spared it the theses of interlopers. She tore off the first draft disapprovingly. 
"Is there not a laser printer somewhere?" she asked. "Or even a typewriter? This looks weird."
"I don’t think so," said Wendy. "How are we going to get this printed, anyway?"
"We’ll go look for a print shop."
"The radio said everything was getting boarded up. And you do not have a car." 
"Well, we’ll try to run it off on the printer here, then."
"It’s too slow. And the ink is running out."
Sarah hit the desk with her fist. "I have to get the paper out," she said. "It’s a big chance. What we need is a typesetting board and a manual drum printer. Yes! Like in Russia. We studied it in class. Does anyone have a samdat printer? Hello!" she shouted into the restaurant. "Does anyone have a drum printer?" The computer gamers looked up from their machines, and outside even the card players paused momentarily.
Greg was tracing a Sousa march on the upright, experimenting with some dissonance in the bass. He was not much liking the sound. "Samizdat," he corrected, shouting back. He strolled into the computer room and looked at the print-out. "What visions have we seen today," he read out. "What is this crap?"
"It is the ‘mannered style of American print journalism,’" quoted Sarah, remembering from her reader. 
"Oh, right," said Greg. "I guess I can print that for you, if you like. I know precisely the machine."
He led them up to Teresa’s office, which was locked. Although technically fired, he still had a key. He ignored the clean, new Xerox, in a cool grey, and plugged in the faded green copier, which still sulked in the corner. Greg flipped it on. "Will take a while to warm up," he said, expertly, "but this has separate trays. You guys cut and paste the proof onto two ledger-sized sheets. Use the headers from an old issue and paste them at the top. The machine will collate them, but we’ll have to fold them. We can do a few hundred copies."
They pasted together the proofs using scissors and glue-sticks. He copied them onto a master version, noticing that Sarah had thoughtfully cut out the sperm donor ad from the previous edition and glued it onto the last page. "It was a contractual obligation," she explained. "And it uses up the space."
"Here goes, then." He pressed the large start button, and the machine whirred into life. He took a strange pleasure in showing the girls his mastery of the technology, and a still greater pleasure in using up Teresa’s toner and paper stores. The copier also seemed to respond to the importance of its mission. Trusted with something for which it had been designed, it enthusiastically spat out the sheets, recalling its youth. The documents slotted into the sorting trays above, nicely double-sided and collated, and as each group of ten trays was filled, Wendy would remove the sheets and Sarah would fold them. By the time they had run out of paper they had a few hundred issues, looking not at all bad. 
"Now we have to get them down to campus," said Sarah. "To all the dorms. You have a car, right?"
"I don’t recommend that," said Greg. "It’s a convertible."
Not being good with women, Greg nevertheless found himself leading them out into the lot, having left a few dozen copies of the edition behind by the mailboxes. He vengefully turned up his marches on the stereo, and the others did not complain. The roads were as empty as they had ever been. He ignored the red lights, which had the benefit of preserving the brakes. The fast-food restaurants were shut. The windows of the Macdonald’s were smashed and the El Pollo Loco was burning, emitting a dense, acrid smoke that doubtless contained the fat of a thousand chickens, though why or indeed how anyone could burn an El Pollo restaurant was a mystery. Four guards stood in front of the Thrifty’s drug store on Figueroa, protecting a lone Latino boarding up a smashed window.
They drove round the campus. The artful flower beds and distinctive bright red and cream brickwork seemed to protect the perimeter like a charmed circle. There appeared to be no damage, though the smoke from the south was growing denser. They dropped the papers in front of the dorm lobbies. Sarah nipped into one of the dining halls and came out with a tray of bananas, from which they ate on the way back. They could clearly hear gunfire in the near distance. They passed several sets of police cars, travelling in groups of four, and overtook a pickup truck with a large television wobbling in the rear.
"Will they call in the army?" asked Wendy, as they pulled back into the lot.
"Probably the National Guard, if it goes on for much longer," said Greg. "What’s that stuff you wrote about them using tanks in China?"
 "Yeah," said Sarah. "What use is a tank? You expect the rioters just to stand there while you roll over them?"
They went back to the restaurant area, where Sarah dispensed bananas, gratefully received. Lunch was not available at the Auditorium; no-one wanted to go out; it was uncertain whether there would be any dinner that evening; and the convenience store was already out of Snickers bars.
***
"The Riot Party," said Kurt, amazed. He picked up a copy of the Daily Student from its usual position under the mailboxes.
"Let me see," said Teresa, grabbing it. "The Riot Party. What a headline!" She groaned, and read on. "What visions we have seen! City explodes, university close to major disturbances, but largely undamaged." She scanned the rest of the paper, which did not take long.
"It’s OK. It doesn’t mention us."
"Yes it does, here," Kurt pointed. "The Auditorium has not been affected, residents are calm and playing cards, though a little hungry."
"I mean, oh never mind," said Teresa. "It looks like she used our dot-matrix printer."
"Still, that’s impressive, to get that out. She lives here, right? We can claim that for the project. And there’s the name for our party. The Riot Party! Yeah! Let’s do it!"
"The hell we are," said Teresa. 
"No, it’ll be massive. It’ll take their minds off it."
"OK," said Teresa, finally. 
They went up to get June, and did some photocopying of their own, though using the nice new machine. Only the yellow paper was left, but it would do. Then Teresa broke her own noticeboard rules, putting the posters up around the building:
 "Riot Party! And talent show, tonight at 8!"
***
Jonathan had not got much sleep, being woken by Odette hammering on his door and demanding he fix her AOL, which still did not take well to her 286 processor and green screen. Lacking television or radio, but blessed with a cassette machine playing All the Girls Love Alice, they had ended up having another long row, precipitated in its initial phases by Jonathan’s failure to establish a dial-up connection. Odette had started to ramble about Teresa, whom she suddenly appeared to consider a bitch of racist dimensions, and had then begun to assault him sexually, before changing her mind. Nevertheless, somehow they had reached a stage at which his pants were down and she was refusing to take off her bra. Finally, unable to find words to reply to her insults and threats, and not knowing what else to do, Jonathan slapped her on the face, not very hard.
"Don’t you hit me!" Odette cried, diving for the drawer of her dresser. Jonathan leant back, unschooled in the etiquette of domestic violence, and not quite clear what he should do next. Even so, he was more than surprised when she took out a silver handgun and pointed it at him.
"Who do you think you are, don’t you mess with me like that!" she exclaimed.
Jonathan started trembling. "Please put that down," he said, beginning to cry.
"Don’t ever hit me again!" she cried, putting it down. "Stop that. Honestly. What are you crying about? Are you a man, or what? I’m not going to shoot you. Look, the safety catch is on."
Jonathan was gasping and shaking. "Calm down," she said. "There, there. God, you are so pathetic. You are such a jellyfish. Anyone would think no-one had ever pointed a gun at you before. In fact, if a jellyfish took a shit you’d be the shit of the jellyfish!"
She rocked back on the bed, pulling the strange brown sheets around her, grabbing her heels like King Caractacus reincarnated as a great, black Buddha. "Yep! You’d be the shit of the jellyfish from hell! Huh-uh," she grunted in satisfaction, warming to her theme, looking round as though preparing an audience for the climax.
"You, look at me!" She reached forward and slapped him on the cheek. "If the mother of all the shittiest jellyfishes was marching its way out of hell, then where would you be? You’d be behind that shitty jellyfish, and licking its jellyfishy ass! Uh-huh!"
She sat waiting for applause from somewhere, panting slightly, as though the long sentences had tired her out.
He started to pull on his shorts, and stumbled towards the door. She headed him off, blocking the exit. He tried to push her away.
"Don’t shove me!" she said. "Did you just try to hit me again? Are you crying? I’ll call the security guards. I’ll call the police and say you’re trying to rape me. They won’t believe you. I’m a lesbian, remember! And you’re trying to rape me!" She started cackling.
Jonathan swallowed to calm himself. "You aren’t a lesbian. Why did you want to do it if you’re a lesbian?"
"I’m telling you I’m a lesbian. It’s a strange word, isn’t it. LES-BI-AN. I am BI with LES and ANNE, uh? Sit down on the bed. Don’t you think me and Teresa got it on? She’s like a holy fuck compared to you. The thought of me, and she dropped her fucking nail file."
He sat down on the end of the bed. She sat at the head of the bed, closer to the door.
"You’ve got to sort out this problem of yours with firearms, Jonathan. Maybe you want to go to the range with me? We can practice together. There’s a little range just east of here, with targets and everything."
Suddenly the phone rang. Although the room was very small, she had two phones, one by the bed and one on the desk. She reached down and picked the receiver up from the floor.
"Yes, I’ve got him here." She listened to the reply and laughed.
"No, I’ve already had him. Where’ve you been Jose? Smell the coffee. He just hit me, can you believe it? The pathetic motherfucker just hit me. Not very hard. Yes, I was assaulted by a jellyfish. Like being brushed by a twig. Sorry, call on the other line."
Jonathan watched as she took the handset from her ear, stabbed at the button with a small, wrinkled finger, and brought the receiver back up to her head.
 "Hi, Mom? Yes I’m OK. I’m in my room, Jonathan is looking after me. You do remember him Mom. He looked at your photos of the Holy Land. I’ll be OK, see you later. They’re attacking the Korean KFC at the end of the street? So? Let the motherfuckers burn. Oh, alright Mom, I’m sorry," She clicked the button again.
"Jose? Yes. No, he wasn’t much good. Was it, Jonathan? No, you must be joking! Once was enough! Do you want him? Yes, maybe I am gay too. But I’ll fucking fuck any fucking Queen-fucker that’s fucking fuckable. No, I mean the Queen of England. OK, probably those too. I don’t know, he’s standing here pulling on some flowery surfing shorts. It wouldn’t surprise me one bit. Uh-Huh. I’ll ask him. Do you like it up the ass, Jonathan? Jose’s wondering!"
"Jose? You mean Little Jesus?" said Jonathan, realizing. "Don’t talk about me like that."
"Why, what are you going to do about it, white boy?" She put down the phone. "You got something to say?"
"Why don’t you just shut up."
"Shut up? Is that the best you can do? If your daddy could see you now!"
"Shut up, get lost. Shut the fuck up."
"Shut the fuck up? That’s better! Go for it, little boy. Who is going to shut the fuck up then? What do you want to say, huh?"
"I don’t care, just leave me alone."
"Nope, not good enough. You know what you’re gonna say! Open your mouth wide and say it!"
"Shut up, bitch."
"No, not quite there yet!"
"Oh God. Shut the fuck up you fucking nigger bitch."
She cast her head back and started to cackle uncontrollably.
"Oh God, I’ve got to go, I’ve pissed myself laughing." She put down the phone and headed to the bathroom. Jonathan saw that she appeared to have urinated on the bed.
"You really are such a piece of shit, making me piss myself!" she cried from inside the bathroom. She had not shut the door.
"You really are such a piece of shit," repeated Jonathan, finally. He felt slightly more secure, now she was preoccupied.
"Well, you must like shit then, mustn’t you. Man, I’m like stuck. Jonathan! I’ll be here all day. Hand me a fork! Get a fork, Jonathan! No, don’t go, where are you going? Stop, I can’t get up, I’ll make a mess. Wait Jonathan! Jonathan!"
As Jonathan unfastened the security chain on the door, she got up from the toilet then sat back down again, laughing. He escaped, panting and not quite sure what had happened.
***
The party was going ahead. The Assistant Dean thought it might distract the students and get them out of their rooms, where they were busily trying to retune their TVs. Kurt had planned to hold it in one of the deserted dance studios, but since these faced the street he had decided they should move to the theater, which had no external windows and so would be safe from any drive-by shootings.
Other than the Gay and Lesbian Conference, and the visit of the flying Cardinal, the Auditorium had been empty of external events this semester. The RAs had plastered the entrance doors and the stage with posters, some announcing Talent Show, some stating simply Student Party This Evening, a brave few just marked Riot Party! Of the many events that had been held in the Auditorium, this was perhaps not the most elevated. So it was not precisely a career development, in the sense of a line moving upwards on a graph. But it was certainly an event, and in its own way, one unlike any other.
And so they sat, in the seats nicely upholstered and cleaned, the lights up on the stage and down in the balconies. It was a strangely intimate environment, and sometimes they fancied they could hear bangs or roars, from the storm perhaps raging beyond their cocoon. Though the theater with its dome was surrounded all around by high walls, and nothing could in fact be heard from outside.
Their beverages were Bud Light and Miller Genuine Draught, which was indeed actually on draught. Already they had watched Laurel and Hardy striking one another, to Veronica’s live piano accompaniment. Jonathan had been penciled in to recite Kipling, but had not turned up. So they had moved straight to another film: Boris Karloff, the licensed bartender for the students, screening one he had directed himself, many full moons before. They had just been standing in their places and jiggling to Thriller, with June dancing and miming like Michael Jackson, to great applause.
Kurt turned to Teresa. "Did you hear the President is coming?"
"The President? The university President?"
"No, the real President. Mr. Bush. He wants to take charge. He’s going to stay at the Bonaventure, a few blocks up."
"Really? Do you think he could have a look at our project while he’s here? We’ve still not heard at all from Prince Charles, you know. We can show how we’re holding up with the riots and all."
"That’s a good idea," Kurt nodded. "We could get the university President to ask him. Or perhaps that woman in Congress, the one always on the radio."
"Maybe he could give the Commencement address next week as well?" Teresa turned to the Assistant Dean for approval, warming to her theme. "The students would really love that. President Gorbachev was coming from Georgia, but he fell ill, or so he says."
"Isn’t he a Governor, if he’s from Georgia?" said June, biting her lip, and still panting.
The Assistant Dean frowned at both of them. "Teresa, I don’t think that would quite be the image the President is looking to project. I guess we’ll give another call to that guy who set up the Olympics."
"Of course," nodded Teresa enthusiastically. "I certainly agree with that, though we have lots of minority students here too. Still, in a few months they will all be here, literally contributing to the rebuilding, you just wait. Oh my God!" Her mouth fell open in shock. "I can’t believe they’re really going ahead with that, are they?"
Greg had stood up, and turned to the crowd, with a slight inflection of the head in acknowledgement. He carried a white plastic chair up the aisle and set it in the middle of the stage. He placed upon it a telephone, plugging in an answering machine. He drew from this a brown cord, and went to the wings to connect it to a telephone socket. The student and faculty turned to one another, rustling their feet.
"What is this?" they asked.
"I heard Darjeeling is going to black up and perform Al Jolson songs," remarked Kurt.
"He can’t do that," said Teresa. "I told him he couldn’t do that."
"Why can’t we pretend to be Al Jolson?" said Greg, hearing them from the stage.
"Yeah," said June. "I was Michael Jackson, and I’m not black."
"Neither was Al Jolson," said Greg. "See, we’re making a statement."
"Well, I don’t know what of," said Teresa, "and I don’t see why it has to be made here."
"He can’t black up anyway," said June. "He’s Pakistani."
"He’s Persian," corrected Teresa.
"Oh, right," answered June, as though she might have liked to ask whether there was a difference had the Assistant Dean not been sitting next to them.
Greg returned to the phone and lifted it, dialing a number. "OK," he announced. He switched on the speakerphone.
"Am I on?" said a high pitched voice with a slightly foreign accent. It echoed clearly around the hall.
"Yes, go ahead."
"Maaameee..." The speaker emitted a disembodied warbling. Then Darjeeling giggled, and slowly and carefully began to read out his text, enunciating the words like a Japanese chef preparing sushi.
"I took the hand of the girl. She was chained to the floor. I selected a sharp instrument. She screamed many times. I knew no-one would hear her..."
He went on like this for a long time. The students sat in shocked silence. Sarah was scribbling eagerly in her notebook. Teresa wondered if she should do something. But since Darjeeling was not actually there, it was not immediately clear what was to be done. She looked across at the Assistant Dean, whose face was impassive.
Finally Darjeeling stopped, as the target of his imaginary torture appeared to have expired, and been sufficiently sautéed. He hung up without explanation, and the audience was left with the dial tone, which echoed strangely through the theater. Greg started to pack up the telephone.
"That was sick. Whatever was it?" asked someone.
"It was de Sade."
"de who?"
"Is that from American Psycho?"
"I think it was Silence of the Lambs?" 
"Why don’t they just show the film then?"
"We could watch the good clips anyway."
"Is the book sicker than the film? Has anyone here actually read the book?"
"I can’t stand this anymore," muttered Teresa to June. "They’re going to burn us to death, and now slice us up and eat us too."
She considered whether to show Leadership. Indeed, as she had read in the Dausingkoch prospectus, perhaps now was the time to take Leadership by the horns. Or maybe not. Eventually she stood up and said very loudly, "Greg, thank you for that, whatever it was!"
"You are welcome, Teresa, as always," said Greg.
"Darjeeling asked me to write a reference for him last month," said the Assistant Dean. "I said he had many qualities, but hoped he wasn’t applying for Annapolis."
Teresa flipped through the CDs and selected one to put on the stereo. The Dancing Queen filled the hall. She turned the volume up as far as it would go. Kurt fiddled with some other controls and managed to energize a rotating metal ball with red and orange spotlights. Teresa and Kurt started wobbling together on the stage. The other students joined them, first the girls carrying their Bud Lights, shrieking and waggling their rears. The catering team came in with pastries, grapes and wine, not forgetting copious soft drinks for the non-drinkers. The main course had not been delivered for dinner, so the pastries went very quickly.
Max entered with a whole box of Johnnie Walker bottles, which he said a friend had found unattended in a 7-11.
"Behold," proclaimed Max, "a sudden surfeit of contraband. And now, let everyone drink Red Label!"
"You can’t serve that, it’s hard liquor," sneered "Boris". But Greg twisted off the tops. Even Wendy went up and got some, which she mixed with lemonade in a red plastic beaker.
Chaplin gesticulated dimly on the large screen above the stage. Nachos were crushed underfoot. Mr. Silveira played the squeeze-box, and the receptionist accompanied on the ukulele. It was indeed a party stylish beyond belief. Then Darjeeling appeared, fresh from his triumph, high fiving the Americans and "Hello old chapping" the Europeans, his blackface by now washed off, had it ever been there.
"I am the Knight Darjeeling, of the Red Label!" he announced, pouring the spirit into any proffered beaker.
"Why are you trying to mess everything up?" Teresa asked, approaching in fury. "Always I organize something ― you mess it up."
"It takes a lot of organization to mess stuff up so consistently, I’ll have you know," replied Darjeeling.
"Look, you can’t hand out that stuff," said Kurt. "There are minors here. If you can’t play properly, you can’t play at all. Suppose a patrolman walks in?"
"I don’t think that’s likely, somehow," said Darjeeling. "But OK," and he led the way out and upstairs, for hard liquor and a smoke-up, balancing with one hand a ghetto blaster on his shoulder, and rotating the other hand in time as he shuffled his legs to the beat of Surfing USA. Thus he twirled up the steps, spitting out grape stones, the dark juice dribbling from the corners of his mouth. Drinkers followed behind, as though his blaster were a pipe and he danced in the motley.
"Come back down," ordered Kurt. But they ignored him, and left in the theater the resident advisers in their own motley of crimson and gold; younger women in primary colors or school sweatshirts; and a few nerd-boys, thin-armed and bespectacled, eyeing the girls with red beakers, hoping that this was the night that would be theirs.
"Oh, let them go," said Teresa.
The Assistant Dean shook his head at her. "You can’t just wash your hands of them like that. The aim is to bring the community together, don’t you remember?"
"Wash my hands?" exclaimed Teresa. "Yes, that’s totally what I’m doing, washing my hands! Let them get off with their Pink Floyd and their jerk circles! I am washing my hands!"
"Jerk circles?" repeated the Assistant Dean, suddenly intrigued.
"Hey, Max!" beckoned Teresa as she danced. Max broke away from Wendy and slunk over.
"The Cardinal was so great," she said, patting him on the elbow. "That was my high point, I think."
"You have such a difficult job, Teresa," he said. "I really respect you. If there’s anything else I can do for you, just ask. Always glad to help a friend."
"What do you say to being an RA next year, Max?" Teresa whispered some more in his ear, putting her arm around his shoulder. She led him by the hand into the wings behind the scenery, and emerged a few minutes later, sniffing.
"Really Teresa," said the Assistant Dean, "not here, not now."
"Well, why don’t you do something yourself then! Why is it always me that has to do stuff. So, fire me! Board the place up. Even increase the parking charges! I don’t give a damn. If they burn the building down I won’t have a job anyway. But I do not give one fuck."
"Like anyone else does," said Kurt. "Join the party."
As Teresa made her way back onto the dance floor, one by one the resident advisers trooped behind the scenery, like dwarves to a shared bathroom, and each emerged sniffing and licking their lips, except Veronica, who came out sneezing.
Max bopped with Wendy again a while.
"Would you like a little something to cheer you up?" he asked. "There’s no charge for first-timers."
"I thought you were famous as the drug dealer who never deals any drugs?" said Wendy, carefully.
"Who told you that?" said Max. "You’re not so innocent as you look! We’ve been making some good connections today. May I like, treat you?"
"No, I am OK," laughed Wendy, picking up her Red Label and retreating to the corner.
The advisers and their cronies launched into an impromptu rendition of Under the Sea, as had been choreographed by June and once enthusiastically performed for an intramural competition. They followed this with a medley of other wholesome Disney hits, clapping their hands rhythmically above their heads.
Then entered the giant lizard. From behind the scenery, claw by claw, it ambled into the dancers, hungry from its lonesome sojourn in the secret apartment behind the stage, tongue flicking vainly for flies. Amazed, they stamped and clapped around in a circle, taunting it with broken Doritos dipped in a hot salsa.
And thus passed the glory of the world.
***
The rejects made their way to an upstairs lounge, where they smoked up and drank some more, the boombox holding them together with the elixir of music, until Max made his way to these festivities as well.
Cake was smuggled in from the dining tray downstairs, and they ate and drank for a long time. Cassius fetched pornographic videos to view in the background, but this only lasted for several minutes until the machine jammed. Wendy, bless, popped her head around the door, either to ask them to be quiet as she wanted to sleep, or to get away from her by now thoroughly doped-up roommate still insistently listening to news radio, or hoping something interesting would happen, or all of these – who can say? And Darjeeling grabbed her by the hand, "Would you like some Red Label?" he demanded, giggling and pulling her in, but she pushed him away and left.
Later, the remaining security guard, apparently having nothing better to do on this night of wine, song, and brutal riot, asked them to turn down their music, which they did, lying together on the couches, noting that all the women had, strangely enough, long since departed. In fact, only Greg and Cassius remained with Darjeeling, although Jonathan had also joined them, not wanting to spend the night on his own. And then Darjeeling was upstanding in the new silence and pronounced:
"Dearly beloved, we are gathered here together, and there is only one thing left to do."
"Sleep?" asked Jonathan. He had curled up in the corner, his own Red Label bottle long since empty. His head hurt. He had been drinking water for the past several hours, and was in fact sobering up, though the alcohol or stress seemed to have affected his heart, which was thudding loudly, leaving him intermittently short of breath.
"You! Cassius!"
"Me?"
"Don’t pretend to sleep. It must be time... for Jesus!"
Darjeeling headed to the phone. It rang for a while and then was picked up.
"Jesus! We need you, dude." There was some protest at the other end. "What is the problem? Just bring her too. What do you mean? So she doesn’t get dressed."
Some ten minutes later Little Jesus entered the room, actually alone, and smoking, as though to be called to a party at five in the morning was for him a most natural occurrence. He grabbed Darjeeling by the shoulder and shook him with mock ferocity.
"This is it man, where have you been?"
"OK, let’s go for it," said Cassius.
"Get the board."
Little Jesus’ mighty hands lifted a chessboard and box from under the sofa. Clearing the table of red plastic beakers, he set it up, encircling each piece in his huge fist and gently placing it on the squares. Cassius sat opposite him. After a set opening, they relapsed into silence, announcing "Sucks, dude!" after any particularly expert move. Cassius held a fresh Red Label in his left hand, swigging and then wiping his mouth with the back of the other. After a few more turns, Jonathan could no longer follow the game.
"I didn’t know you played," said Jonathan.
"Sure," said Cassius. "And with asshole intact."
"Well, I see this is indeed the city of Bobby Fischer," remarked Greg.
"Perhaps he was that guy selling me magazines," said Jonathan.
He and Greg sat back on the sofa in the corner. Of the many function rooms in the Auditorium, this was the plainest. But it was also the most obscure, and it was possible to smoke there without setting off any alarms.
As the other two played, Jonathan rambled to Greg about his girl problems.
"So I just can’t figure out, why did she spend all that time getting me to sleep with her if she just wanted to dump me?"
"Don’t look at me. They’re a mystery. I did a black once, in Manila, it wasn’t very successful. I guess you’re not new anymore. Maybe they are all like that."
"Lust is, in women, insatiable," added Darjeeling.
"Alleluia," growled Little Jesus, "but not just the Bs."
"Thinking about it makes me shake, and gives me a headache. Don’t they think like us? With minds, or souls, I mean?"
"No, I don’t think so. They are all body. You can’t imagine a woman without a body. They are thinking they are fat, or they are not fat. They are acting they are emotional, or making like they aren’t. Those feelings just pour out of them, like the other stuff. Like a disease, actually, maybe that’s what you’ve got from them."
"Like the bite of a vampire," added Darjeeling. "Or the rats. Maybe we should call in the rat-killers, to get rid of them."
"Do you think evil actually exists?"
Greg pondered the issue. "I’m not sure evil is the right way to describe ex-girlfriends. Though I can see it might seem like that. But Teresa, she didn’t have to do that to me."
"And where do they go?"
"Go?"
"When they die? Is it the same as us? Do they go to heaven?"
"No. They get stuck halfway up in the clouds. With the cloud cuckoos."
"Except the black ones," added Darjeeling. "They have a special black cuckoo land."
"I really don’t feel well," repeated Jonathan.
"One might even say, a nigger cuckoo land," said Darjeeling.
"The cuckoos wouldn’t stay there," said Greg.
"I guess not. Maybe a sort of nigger-nigger land," agreed Darjeeling.
"Can you stop that," said Jonathan.
"I prefer drugs to a woman," said Cassius. "They don’t talk after."
"I know how to stop them talking," giggled Darjeeling. "Anyway. What do you want to do? She’s just downstairs. We should probably knock on her door and run away a few times, don’t you think? Have you got any bear spray?"
"That’s really mature. I can’t imagine an ex-marine carrying mace," said Greg. "That would disqualify them even for the reserves."
"Come on, I’ll knock on the door and you mace her and then we’ll..."
"We’ll do what? Anyway I just told you we don’t have any mace."
"A good point! And who would even want to give her a good raping?"
"I say you fuck her, and the horse she rode in on," said Greg.
"She’s too big to ride a fucking horse. Why don’t you fuck her?"
"Not me," said Greg. "I don’t want to catch something." He looked at Jonathan. "Oh, sorry," he added.
"She’s got a gun," said Jonathan.
"What do you mean, a gun?" asked Darjeeling. "Like a gun gun?"
"Yes, a small one. She pointed it at me last night."
"Really? Why?" asked Darjeeling.
"I hit her."
"Really? I don’t see you as the hitting type," said Greg, surprised. "What happened?"
"Oh, I don’t know. She asked me to bend over so she could smell my rear to see if it was clean enough for me to have sex with her."
There was a shocked silence. Even Little Jesus looked up from his chessboard, and whistled lightly.
"So did you have sex with her, then?"
"No. Then she said she didn’t want it anyway, because she was a lesbian. That’s when I hit her. But not very hard."
Little Jesus raised his eyes from the game. "I didn’t know that," he said. "My friend, that is one sick mother."
"Sister, you mean," added Greg. "And I withdraw my previous statement. All ex-girlfriends are not equal."
"So, what should he do, man?" asked Darjeeling. "You call yourself a psychologist."
Little Jesus gave a growl in his throat, like a bear. He rolled his eyes.
"I’m a real jellyfish, aren’t I?" asked Jonathan.
"Man," said Little Jesus. "You a jellyfish. But even a jellyfish got its pride."
"That’s the most I’ve ever heard him say," remarked Greg. "You are clearly affecting us deeply."
"I don’t see why I have to suffer like this," continued Jonathan.
"No, the suffering stuff’s been done. I think an eye for an eye would do us just fine," said Darjeeling. "Don’t you have a gun too?" he asked Greg.
"No. I do not have a weapon. But Cassius has."
"Could you guys shut it," said Cassius. "I’m trying to think."
"Hey, Little Jesus," said Darjeeling, "so, you didn’t say. What should we do with her?"
Little Jesus exhaled from his cigarette. He blew smoke rings. Finally he stared at Jonathan, then back at the board.
"Knight to Queen four, dude. Up the ass, man. Take her up the ass."
Darjeeling turned up his chin, waggled his head back and forth, and took the board by one hand, lifting it and tipping the pieces over the floor. Little Jesus grabbed him and put two hands round his neck in mock strangulation.
"Let me go, I can’t breathe," said Darjeeling, choking.
"You’re out of control man! Out of control!"
"I remember the position," said Cassius. He set up the board again and they continued. Darjeeling lit a cigarette with a great flourish, and also practiced blowing smoke circles. The others sat silently in the corner.
"Hey, got you man," spluttered Little Jesus, flinging back his thinning hair rather pathetically and hammering the table with his fist. He lifted his shiny string vest, and slapped his stomach vigorously, propelling under-arm odors across the room.
"OK. Did you finish? I think I’ll go to bed," said Jonathan.
"John boy!" said Little Jesus. "I play you, dude."
"There’s no point, I can’t play like that. I’ve got a headache anyway."
"I give you the rooks. I’ll take off my rooks. You up for it?"
Jonathan tried to estimate what sort of odds that would give him, but had no idea. "No. And I’ve heard playing with you is a bit risky. Maybe some other time."
"Not risky at all," said Little Jesus, surprised. "If you don’t bet what you don’t got." Then turning to Cassius he said, "I write down the moves. We do variations later."
Sirens sounded outside. It was getting light. Darjeeling went over to the window.
"I’m hungry. I spy the boys in blue. Let’s go for some breakfast."
"You must be joking, there’s a riot out there."
"I know," said Darjeeling, reaching for the CD of Breakfast in America. "If we can’t have breakfast, let’s play breakfast... That’s better. The spirit of the woman is not an appropriate topic of conversation while listening to Supertramp. Hey, Johnnie, don’t you want to come up to the roof and look at least? How many revolutions are you going to see in your lifetime?"
They left Little Jesus on the sofa, making notes on the game with a tiny pencil in a small black book. Darjeeling carefully positioned the door open so the smoke would spread through the hall. He picked up the ghetto blaster, turned up the volume, and carried it to the elevator, on a final ascension. He flicked his lighter at the noticeboard, but the flyers had been removed, and the baize was too greasy to light. As the doors closed, Darjeeling took out his keys instead, and started roughly to scratch a large swastika in the oak paneling. Jonathan grabbed his arm, so the fourth arm of the cross was twisted.
"Hey, lay off that, dude," said Darjeeling.
"You must be the first Jewish Persian Nazi," said Jonathan.
"Yo! I, Jewish Persian Nazi number 1!" said Darjeeling, giggling like a demented Chihuahua. "So long as it’s number 1!"
The elevator did not go to the top floor without the special key, so they climbed up the final flight of steps, opening the doors to the sun, low in the east. But the air was acrid from the smoke, rising in a blanket a mile or so to the west and south. Darjeeling put down the ghetto blaster, headed for one of the several sun-loungers that had appeared shortly after the stairway had been unlocked, and tried to bounce on it. "Wee-hee!" he cried. His foot went straight through the fabric.
"Now you mention it," he said, "I never heard of any riots in Berlin."
They looked down to the east. The space where The Owner usually sat was empty.
"Gone home, I suppose," said Darjeeling. "Even taken his cart with him."
Looking off the other side of the roof there was a small crowd outside the Diner, a few blocks away.
"Keep your head down. Are those guys going to come over and attack the building?"
"It looks pretty safe. But we can’t be too careful. We have one security guard in the mornings. She’s not exactly fit. I bet she didn’t wear her Gucci watch today."
"Can’t you get that rifle? Cassius, we can pick them off when they attack?"
"Sure, I can get it."
"It’s really difficult to take a building."
"Does it have a sight?"
"Not a telescopic one."
"Well, is it straight, at least?"
"Try it if you like."
Cassius nipped down and came up in a few minutes with his sports bag. He zipped it open, without taking out the contents.
"That’s an antique," pronounced Darjeeling.
"No." Greg peered into the bag with an experienced glance. "No, it’s OK. You have your weapon. Where did you get it?"
"It’s my Dad’s. He kept it at the back of his shop and we sometimes went hunting. It’s Russian."
"Kalashnikov!" remarked Darjeeling. "If that were a car, it would be a classic marque."
"I tried it," said Jonathan. "It certainly has a reality to it."
"And did you load it?" said Greg.
"Err, no."
"Do you know what would have happened if I had brought my weapon to an exercise and said, ‘Sorry Sergeant, I didn’t bring the ammunition’?"
"I don’t think you would want that to happen, dude."
Cassius went downstairs again. Jonathan studied the scene outside some more.
"There’s nothing going on. They’re just guys hanging outside the Diner. Look, isn’t that Teresa going over with the red hair? Must be safe then. Surely she’s not holding one of those breakfast meetings today?"
"Probably just hungry. That little slut Wendy is following her again," said Darjeeling.
"She’s not a slut," said Jonathan.
"She’s probably the least of a slut, of all the Auditorium sluts," agreed Greg.
"Well, she’s a slut to me," said Darjeeling.
"It’s not really open, is it?"
"It’s always open, and never without a customer," recited Jonathan, solemnly. "I mean the Diner."
The roads were deserted. They rubbed their eyes. None of them had slept properly for a few days. A helicopter screamed overhead.
"We can defend the building from up here if you like."
"There’s no-one to defend it against. Just the smoke."
As Cassius came up again, a white van roared past to the south. Someone got out of the passenger door and threw what looked like a brick at the window of the sports shoe shop in the fashion college next door. The alarm rang, and the driver joined him in grabbing piles of trainer boxes. They flung open the back of the van, and threw in the boxes.
"I can get them there, you know. Do you want me to do it?" said Cassius. The rifle was out of the bag, but under the sunbed.
"Wait. Isn’t that Max?"
They peered over the parapet at the youth loading the trainers into the van.
"Oh, yeah. Better not shoot him then. Try waving."
"DO NOT SUNBATHE ON THE ROOF."
A helicopter swooped down at them from above, megaphone blaring, oblivious to the van below.
"VACATE THE ROOF AS YOU MAY BE INADVERTENTLY SHOT."
The helicopter swung low, circled around and suddenly veered off to the south.
"Inadvertently is a big word for the L.A.P.D.," said Darjeeling. "I didn’t know they had it in them."
"Shouldn’t they say ‘inadvertently be shot’?"
"Is that a split infinitive? Can we explain that by semaphore? It’s too late now, they’re gone," agreed Jonathan, whose head was itself splitting.
The raiders closed the back doors to the van, and it skidded down the road, following the helicopter. Hermann appeared, still wearing his silk shirt, and started rummaging through the single trainers that had once formed an artistic display on top of each of the boxes and now lay scattered across the sidewalk. A security guard, in nicely understated jeans and t-shirt, emerged from the back of the shop and glanced up and down the road nervously. Seeing the van had gone, he picked up a mop and struck Hermann on the head.
"Leave alone man!" cried Hermann, protecting his head with his arms. The guard raised the mop to threaten him with a further beating. Hermann turned and hobbled down the road towards the Diner. He wore on his right foot one bright, white, new trainer, recently endorsed by Magic Johnson, its laces straggling. His other shoe was still grey, and its provenance could not be established with certainty from their height.
"You know, now I’m sure that guy is Bobby Fischer," said Jonathan, squinting over the ledge.
"He can’t be Bobby Fischer," said Darjeeling. "He’s not white. Or Jewish."
"Oh, right." Jonathan could not remember ever having seen a picture of Bobby Fischer.
"Over here," announced Darjeeling.
They turned to the west. Odette was waddling her way along the sidewalk towards the Diner.
"Thar she blows!" giggled Darjeeling. "She needs her double waffle and maple syrup! In the midst of earthquakes, storms, and riots! Behold, ye mighty, and despair!"
"Providence has smiled upon you, Jonathan," observed Greg.
"Are we going to do it?" asked Cassius. "We’re up here, aren’t we?"
"I have no thoughts on that subject," said Darjeeling. "I am not your leader." He examined his watch in affected distraction.
They turned to Jonathan.
"Don’t be silly. Oh, alright, go ahead, why not." Jonathan was not feeling well. His heart was thudding against his chest from the drink, and he had a headache. He really just wanted it all to end.
"She’s your ex," Cassius addressed Jonathan. "You want to do her? It’s your only chance, dude."
"I can’t shoot at that distance." Jonathan exaggerated. He had no chance even of hitting the building opposite with his eye throbbing and his two shots of practice two months ago.
 "This is your only chance dude," said Cassius. "You got you a riot. You got you a weapon. You got you a roof." But Cassius seemed rather reluctant to lift the rifle out from under the sunbed himself. He examined the sky above as though expecting eagles to descend with talons.
"Or we could just sunbathe?" said Darjeeling. "But in that case, we must always remember sunscreen. Do you have lotion? Nivea, please."
"I don’t think I can hit something over there either," estimated Cassius. "We need a sight."
"You’re a fag," said Darjeeling.
"Maybe it’s not such a good idea. Suppose the ’copter comes back. And it’ll be really noisy."
"You’d better hurry up, she’ll be gone in soon."
Cassius shook his head. "It’s too far, let it go. Let’s hope someone attacks."
"I can make the shot," announced Greg. They looked round. He was nodding calmly in his Ray-Bans.
"Heh, heh, heh. Eight years and never a shot fired in anger. I know I can make that shot. Two years fucking a photocopier, I deserve to make that shot. Give me the weapon."
Jonathan looked at him as though a torturer had finally agreed to slit his throat. His heart felt much calmer.
Greg stroked the rifle. "I haven’t touched a gun all these two years," he said, giving instructions briskly.
"Leave the lounger there. Put the backpack like I’m looking in it and act like you’re taking photos of the shoe store. Get behind me so I’m in a shadow."
Darjeeling danced around the roof, trying to play his clove like a jew-harp. Greg estimated the distance to the Diner with a trained eye.
"Ah, soon they’ll never be without one less customer," observed Darjeeling, suddenly somber.
They heard some bangs, small arms, firecrackers or backfires behind them. Two beaten Cadillacs drove past the building, each with four black men. One leaned out of the window and shot a rifle twice into the air, then they did an exaggerated U-turn, ramping over both sidewalks, one knocking into a kiosk marked Joe Friday’s, Flowers and only on Fridays, and headed back south. They may have been the men who had made indecent gestures at Jonathan while he waited at the tram stop. They may have been the men who had panhandled them for gas money from a car downtown. They may have been the men who had been so sure they were allowed to drive by the strip club on Hollywood Boulevard. Perhaps they were the ones who had pointed at him outside Odette’s house that morning. It was difficult to say. However, they had not bothered anyone in the kiosk, at any rate, it not being Friday.
Greg lay down and curled his arm round his weapon. He pulled it slightly from under the sunbed, cocking it and making sure it was readied for single bullets. He caressed it like a lover he had lost long ago and now found drunk on a sofa. He aimed along the barrel.
Greg chuckled. "She’s arguing with that homeless guy. You want me to take her? Or shall we wait for Teresa to come out again?"
"You want Teresa instead? Yes! Always the red, never the black! Spin the wheel, for the heaviest in gaming!" exclaimed Darjeeling. "And do you think we can send out for pizza? I’m starting to hallucinate through lack of food."
"Hallucinate what?" said Jonathan, blinking, but regaining his composure. "Angels? And, Greg, if you please, I think I might just try the black this morning. This is LA, after all."
"Yes, sir! As you wish sir! And would that be up the ass, the dirty ass, sir?"
"Yes, my good man, up the ass. And Greg," he paused for emphasis, "would you be so kind as to do it, already."
"Yes, sir! To be fucked! Up the ass! And done, already! And how many boundaries would that be now, sir?"
"Thirty-nine, Greg. But it is just the one really. And thank you," said Jonathan, rubbing tears from his eyes.
Odette had stopped walking and was remonstrating with Hermann, blocking her way into the Diner. Jonathan lay down and followed Greg’s line of sight. The sun was rising behind them, the curtain of smoke signaled discontent a mile in front, but there were no clouds in the sky. He put his arm around Greg’s shoulder, to block out the sun. Everything had become strangely calm and professional, as though there were no helicopters, no riots, no cars, no drugs, no alcohol, no women, no emotions. Like hunting in a wilderness just discovered.
"D’accord!" enunciated Greg, correctly. "Let’s fuck this nigger to nigger-nigger land."
Odette fell in front of the window.
In the Diner, spots of blood erupted onto the glass. The customers immediately dived under the tables, except Wendy, who darted towards the door.
"It’s Odette!" she cried.
"Get down!" shouted Teresa, but Wendy ran out and crouched over Odette, who lay gasping on the crossing, and took off her own t-shirt to staunch the flow of blood. She was not wearing her bra, as it was in the wash. Some blood spurted neatly over her breasts, such as they were. She looked around for Teresa, who was gesturing frantically for her to come back inside.
Wendy knelt there alone for many minutes, pressing her shirt against Odette’s stomach. There was no traffic. Hermann had fled. In fact, it was quite peaceful. She later said that Odette’s last word sounded like "Mom."


EPILOGUE


***
There was an old-fashioned tape recorder on the table, the sort with open reels. A small piece of paper was attached to one of them, marked with the date and time of the interview, and on each revolution it made a slight clicking noise, brushing against the tape heads. The room was windowless; the air-conditioning roared away as usual; but the clicking went on and on like an oriental torture device.
Teresa was very much on form and in her element. It was her last chance to impress. The Assistant Dean sat, red-faced and still bow-tied, a little behind the table where the three adjudicators grasped their pens and made notes on paper with a light red margin but no lines.
"So, did you grab Wendy at this party, or not?"
"I did not so much as touch her," said Darjeeling, an over-large microphone on the table in front of him, possibly once used by the cinema school. "Well, I took her by the hand. Does she say I touched her?"
"She says you accosted her," said Teresa. "She doesn’t want to face you here."
"I demand the right to face my accuser!"
"This isn’t a law court," said Teresa.
"Though it would be useful if she were here," said the Assistant Dean, "to help heal the community."
"Well, I didn’t say anything to her except, ‘Do you want some Red Label?’"
Darjeeling sat patiently in the chair, watching the tape go round. One of the adjudicators muttered to the other. The Assistant Dean leant forward and said, "It’s a whisky, a blend from Scotland. Not too bad."
"And did she want some Red Label?" questioned Teresa, dramatically.
"I fear she did not."
"How did she tell you that she did not want some alcohol?" asked the chairperson of the panel, the large black lady from the Law School, peering over thick rimmed glasses sliding down her nose.
"By leaving the room."
"And did you and your friends follow her?"
"No. We were too drunk."
"Were you hoping to get her drunk?"
"Yes. Well, a bit anyway."
"So, what were you planning to do with her, when she got drunk?" They leaned forward again.
"Play chess."
"Huh? You what?" asked the chairperson, forgetting herself.
"I have never played with a Chinese girl. They are supposed to have excellent moves. But it was not possible."
"Why not?"
"Jesus was not in the room."
The board exchanged nervous glances.
"Though he hadn’t yet left the building," added Darjeeling, "and we met him later."
"You mean that guy you said was out of it? Is that what you call him?"
"No, Jonathan’s gone back home to Cornwall. LA was too real for him. But you’re right, he turned out to be the heaviest gamer in the building. Off the scale."
"Cornwall? What state is that in?" asked the chairperson.
"Great Britain, I believe," said Darjeeling, with a straight face.
"OK. Look, we don’t have to bring Jose into it for now," said the Assistant Dean. He addressed the board. "In the context of the level of the students we’ve been interviewing, and the other things that happened, I’m not sure we really have to pursue this matter much further. I know you were very keen for Wendy to make a formal complaint, Teresa, but we all think you did wonderfully, in the circumstances. And since she hasn’t turned up and clearly they weren’t going to harm anyone..."
"What do you mean," asked the chairperson, offended. "Like they’re white boys that don’t play football?"
"All that stuff was terrible," said Teresa. "But it’s over now. And she’s been traumatized by the events."
"I think we all have," said the Assistant Dean, slowly nodding round to elicit agreement. 
"I’m not traumatized," piped up Darjeeling. "Have you thought about seeking professional help?"
"Well, we can’t just ignore an assault against one of the student women," said the chairperson. She turned back to Darjeeling. "How drunk would you say you were?"
"Oh, paralytic, I would say."
"There’s no need to use that sort of language," said Teresa.
"And do you think it is acceptable to be drunk like that?" continued the chairperson.
"Yes."
"Where were your car keys?"
"I wasn’t driving anywhere. I don’t have a car. We all live together at the Auditorium."
"You’re saying you live off-campus, but don’t have a car?" butted in a second adjudicator.
Darjeeling gently raised his eyebrows at this curious misunderstanding of university policy.
"There is a frequent and efficient tram, or, more accurately, bus shuttle service between the Auditorium and the campus, so residents have no need for a car," he quoted.
"It runs every thirty minutes," added Teresa.
"There used to be a tram, you mean," added the chairperson, with a sneer. The adjudicators nodded and smiled at one another. For the first time Darjeeling saw Teresa actually swallow in response. The Assistant Dean pursed his lips.
"At the moment there still is," he said.
"Anyway, so she lived with you at the Auditorium. Is it normal to get that drunk there?" asked the third adjudicator meaningfully, even fatter, but white with small eyes and large gold rings.
"No."
The board again nodded wisely to one another.
"Most people prefer to use speed, some LSD. The surfers mainly smoke up. I am just very... traditional."
The adjudicators sat back up in their chairs. They had heard enough, and continued more briskly.
"Are you aware of the dangers of alcohol abuse?"
"I believe so."
"Have you, for example, taken any courses on the dangers of drugs? Have you been asked to write a paper demonstrating your knowledge of the impact of alcohol?"
"No." The women noted this down.
"But I am finishing an MA in microbiology, and have just been accepted to the John Hopkins Medical School."
There was a spluttering from the Assistant Dean, which he developed tactfully into a cough.
"Would you like a glass of water?" asked Teresa.
"No, I’m fine," replied Darjeeling. "We were always fine."
***
The last time Greg saw Teresa she was descending on one of the pristine escalators to the LA Metro, as he went up in the other direction, back from the recruiting office. Her hair was freshly cut and held tightly in place by a band. She wore a white trouser suit, an understated Swatch watch with a purple strap, smart shoes with a slight heel, and a bag from Louis Vuitton, suspended off her left shoulder. Her blouse was a heavy silk in ivory, patches of sweat already showing under her arms. The strap from the shoulder bag was cutting into the right side of her left breast. She was adjusting it so it fell straight from her shoulder. He wasn’t sure if she was still living in the building. Maybe she had an interview?
"Hi Greg," she said, going down as he passed up alongside her.
"Good luck," he said. Two months ago, had she stepped out of the Diner at the wrong time, and had it not been for Jonathan’s intervention, she would not have made it to this interview. But she did not know that, and smiled back. When he looked around behind him she was already gone.
Greg strolled down to the Auditorium, putting on his Ray-Bans. He was strangely unaffected. The back of his head no longer ached when he thought of her. He wondered if this was the meaning of "closure". Well, we all had to get along.
It was over ninety degrees, so he took a shortcut through the Broadway for the air. But he was sweating too when he walked into the lobby. Wendy was sitting in one of the high-backed chairs placed around the inlaid table. She stared blankly out of the foyer window, dictionary on her lap, as the taxis glided past. The glass was only cleaned at the beginning of each semester, so in the summer was coated with a thick layer of grime, which at least helped to reduce the glare from the sun. Greg began to approach her, but the payphone rang and she got up to answer. 
"It’s not a hotel," said June, now working on reception, raising her voice. She was arguing with an old lady in a checked cap.
"It says ‘hotel’ on the canopy outside," said the visitor.
"It’s not a hotel," repeated June. 
"At least let me look at the swimming pool on the roof."
"There isn’t a swimming pool and this isn’t a hotel."
"But I have a note from Veronica. Isn’t she in charge? I’m scoping the mystery weekend. Here, put the plan in her mailbox."
"I don’t have access to her mailbox."
"But you’re the receptionist."
"Lady, this is not a hotel, we don’t have a swimming pool, and only the US Postal Service has access to the mailboxes. I’m not in Veronica’s team and if she is like getting them to hold murder weekends, soup runs, prayer evenings, and whatever else, it’s nothing to do with me. You’ll have to write her and put a stamp on the letter. And then find somewhere to mail it."
The lady narrowed her eyes and wrinkled her nose. She took out a deep bowled pipe, and rubbed the stem against her cheek.
"This is a strange place," she said, turning to Greg.
"No," he said, taking off his sunglasses. "There’s nothing strange about it. It’s a perfectly normal place. But you seem a bit strange." 
"I’m the chairperson of the Los Angeles Sherlock Holmes Appreciation Society," she volunteered, by way of explanation. "I’m here to scope the mystery weekend."
"I don’t think it needs any scoping," said Greg. "It has been sufficiently scoped. And there’s a post office in the Arco Plaza." The visitor walked thoughtfully out, the unlit pipe now in her mouth. Taking a few steps along to the corner, she stared back at the building, and then looked slowly up and down the road towards the Diner. 
Greg turned round to Wendy. "Hi," he said.
Wendy had finished the call. She looked up, nodded in response, and then resumed her contemplation of the parking lot. Her hair was still uneven and unwashed. The red varnish on her fingernails was cracked.
Greg stood just inside the doorway, fiddling with his glasses. He took a deep breath. Finally he approached her.
"Why are you sitting here?" he asked.
"The air-conditioning in my room is broken," she answered.
"Why don’t you get it fixed?" said Greg.
"I asked before," said Wendy, "but it did not get done."
"It’s nothing to do with me," said June.
Greg bit his lower lip, and ventured, "I don’t suppose you’d like to go for a KFC?"
Wendy looked up again. "What is ‘KFC’?" she asked.
"Deep fried chicken, and maybe a little salad in coleslaw. It’s down Broadway."
She paused, as though thinking of a way to say no.
"Let me treat you," said Greg. He swiftly ran through some figures in his head. "Or we could go to Taco Bell, if you like," he added. "On Figueroa. Heck, that’s a bit fresher."
Wendy began to nibble her lower lip, like him.
"It is hot out there," she observed, looking out of the window, where the old lady was waving her pipe at a police officer who had taken exception to her standing in the traffic lane.
"We can drive," said Greg.
"Is your car working?"
"Sure. It’ll be nice with the roof down. It’s in the lot."
There was another long silence.
"Who was on the phone?" asked Greg.
"Max said to take messages," said Wendy. "Someone wanting to see how the Auditorium was doing, after all the riots. I said it was shutting down after the summer."
"That must be about the third person he sold the building to!" said Greg. "Are you sure you don’t want to come out?"
Another long pause.
"OK," she said finally, closing her dictionary. "But actually I could not understand that man’s accent well. Perhaps he was Mexican? Or perhaps I should say, a bloody Mexican!"
Greg laughed, and went to open the door for her.
"He said his name was Charles," she added, uncrossing her legs.
***
Jonathan was sitting on the rocks by a windy beach in remotest South-West England, Sarah beside him. Above them rose a stone jetty, protecting a tiny harbor. After a long lunch with Jonathan’s parents, they had strolled along the front, to this village of lobster pots and ice cream. It was sunny, but fresh. He had shown her some caves formed by the great boulders of the cliff tumbling down onto the beach. As they explored one cave, a seagull perching at the front had cast its shadow on the damp rocks at the back, and then they had played at making shadow puppets, Jonathan’s more decent than Sarah’s.
"Did they like me, then?" she asked.
"I think so," said Jonathan. 
The sea was a lovely shade of blue, rising and falling between the rock pools. She was wearing a knee-length pair of shorts with the bottoms rolled up; a rope from an old fishing net lying nearby was looped round her hips as a kind of belt. Some tar had rubbed off the net and stained the bottom of her shirt, which was otherwise white with horizontal, navy-blue stripes. A badge bearing the face of a pirate, with eye-patch and thick beard, was pinned over her heart. An oversized captain’s cap finished the effect, with a golden peak. 
 "It’s a beautiful place. Everything made of stone. But what was with this street called ‘Market Jew Street’. Isn’t that racist? Don’t they like Jews?"
"No," said Jonathan. "I mean, no, I guess that was where the Jews did their marketing. We don’t think about racial stuff here."
"No?" laughed Sarah, poking him. "So, that girl, that was your girlfriend before me. Don’t you think of her? The one that got herself shot at breakfast?" She stuck out her tongue. "You never mention her. Didn’t you like my headline?"
"Breakfast in LA? Very droll."
"Dull?" said Sarah, disappointed.
"No, I mean sardonic, even. And I don’t think of her," said Jonathan. "Don’t talk about that." He had taken off his deck shoes and was knocking limpets off the rocks. "If you get one first time, they come off easily," he explained. "But if you have to try again, they cling on really hard and it’s difficult to get them off at all."
"You really think my headlines are dull? Look, but I’m a girl, let’s talk about your feelings. You must be so cut up, right? Methought, you were in love with an ass, weren’t you?"
"No, I don’t think so," repeated Jonathan. Unable to remove one of the limpets, he tried chipping at it with a large stone.
"Why would you want something like that anyway, when you could have had me? Didn’t you see me looking at you in class? You could have had sex with me, before her, right?" Sarah shivered, pulling up a neckerchief. Jonathan started banging roughly at the limpet. 
"Yeah," she clarified helpfully, not taking the hint. "I could have been like your first fuck. Hey, be careful, you’ll smash it!"
Jonathan lifted the stone high, and brought it down on the shell. It crushed and the gooey stuff inside was squashed across the two rock faces. 
"You didn’t have to do that," said Sarah. 
"Don’t talk like that," said Jonathan. "And it’s only a limpet. It doesn’t have a soul."
"But it’s still a limpet," said Sarah. "Are you going to shoot me, too?"
"What? I’ve never shot anyone. And you’re not a limpet, are you?" Such conversations had seemed quite normal on blistering, empty sidewalks, but it was annoying to hold them against the cries of the cormorants. And, in truth, he was getting a bit bored of Sarah.
"Your friend Greg, he’s a good shot isn’t he? I heard he got some Eagle Scout sharpshooting badges or something."
"I’m not sure those were the ones."
"Suppose I file a story about you guys? Like a scoop. I’d be famous. Aren’t you, like, scared?"
"Greg has a lot of buddies, you know. I wouldn’t do that. He’s back in the marines." 
"What are you saying!" she opened her mouth wide in mock horror. "And I thought you were such a nice guy, Mr. Jonathan of Cornwall via Cambridge!"
"So did I. Do you want to go out in the boat later? Out to the Mount? The water is quite deep, though."
"Are you threatening me? Well, I can swim," said Sarah.
"That’s what I thought."
"What would your Saint Augustine say about this, then? You aren’t going to heaven, you know."
"You’re not the first to tell me that," agreed Jonathan, turning to lie with his back on the rock, and staring up at the clouds, which had started to block the sun. "But he would understand, and say, there, but for the grace of God, go I."
"Is that in the Confessions?"
"City of God, I think."
"He stole a pear, right? Is that really the same as shooting someone?"
"Yes, I think so. It doesn’t much matter what you do. The real things belong to God. You find them by his grace. The rest is like those shadows on the back of the cave."
Sarah laughed. "Like a film, you mean? I love films. What’s your favorite film?"
Jonathan breathed out slowly. Rolling over, he brushed the remains of the limpet off the boulder with his shoe. The creature’s demise had not affected the rock at all. Finally he ventured, "I don’t much like films."
"Oh, you’re a funny guy. Well, you can keep your crazy City of God. I’ll take the City of the Angels."
She pulled the cap down low over her ears. Licking her lips, she put on her sunglasses.


ABOUT THE AUTHOR


Trelawney was at college in Los Angeles during the 1992 riots, and claims to have learned a great deal, though is now living in London, England, with a very smart cat.
